PO-ETBY, OBIGHNAL AND SELECT. THE TEAS THREE THOUSAND AND THBEE; OB, WHAT MAT BE. ' TFrom Tai?* Sdnburgk Magcuuu, for Januarv.1 But i am ipeaung rawer in me wnse * CaXleipMtlo-pottjiUurtm.— Bj/ron. It fas in the jear three Thousand and Three I walked through London town; Seemed turned just upside down! The kitchen was built at the top of the house ; All basement-cooking was o'er ; And the moment your foot the threshold touched. An automaton opened the door. The ' busses' were gone, with the crazy cabs— So science served for a boon, For all men kept hones that ate no com, . And each horse was— a small balloon. Each poet was printer and poet as well ; For while the rich words did flow. He touched his press, round whirled the wheels, And out leaped a seat 8vo 1 Society, too (not J, nor sou, But all of the wise and good— Of the rich and poor, from ths carriage-seat To the place where the footman stood)— Society— learned to mend its scales False weights no more invents ; None rate a man low for a bole in his coat Nor high for his Three per Cents 1 By their own deeds all, did each stand or fall, Hank lost its lying myths; And your lordly St. Mam's and Howards by scores. Were no better than plain John Smiths 1 Less ' noble' blood, more of true and good. Health of body and more of mind ; No lordly mites grew fat on earth's cheese. While the poor men starved on tbe rind. Once— a fool sat up in the House of Lords Because of his father's speeches ; Now— a man might be as good as he, Though bis father bad mended breeches ! There was less red tape to be seen at Whitehall; No commissions were bought and sold ; And a lord was not made a general TtovtnizA— neAlpatt Infirm nnA t\\\A Ko hollow credit— that ghost of gold Could bolster up swindlers base; But, with means in his hand, each man in the land, Looked his fellow-man in the face. In our church a wonderful change could I see, A change 'twould well afford ; Less talk of our Christianity, More love for the Christian's Lord. And men were married at twenty-five ; None talked of ' sowing wild oats !** For the women cared le--3 for extravagant dress. And the men for the cut of their coats 1 I passed the Workhouse at Marylebone, And a few old paupers I saw. Who obtained their rights— a loaf and a bed, As a simple matter of law 1 Aud ' Oh 1' I sighed, u these people are mad, ' Or a wondrous change is here ; ' For I heard them blessing the Guardians Board! And none cursed the Overseer 1 Jack Ketch was dead — and his office unknown; No need man's crimes to check By gratuitous show, for young thieves below, A man with a rope round his neck. Few gtnshops going— so crime was less: Men put it now to the vote, If cloth were net better upon the back, Than— vitrol down the throat. All seemed to change— then melt like the snow, At the rays of the morning's sun. When I ceased to snore, while a knock at the door, Announced that my dream was done. If dreams be sweet— my heart is sad, That we cannot dream out our life ; Aye, dream that the maid, who won the heart Will keep it still as— the wife ! Or dream that a boon conferred remains As a memory sweetly true ; Nor wake to know, when the cold winds blow. Friendship gives not une I.O.U. Ah, me! tis sad such brief respite's had, From life's cares— which come in a flock, With the flush of day, and the morning grey, And 'Please, Sir. past eight o'clock.' W.B.B.S. Bitbtox's Cihctjs. — The pavilion was most numerously attended at the last midday performance on Saturday. The company in the dress circle and boxes was select and respectable, while the other seats pre sented an unusually thronged appearance, the busy hours of the busiest day in the week considered. In addition to the usual selection of scenes in the circle, in which the biped aud canine acrobats vied with the horses and riders to afford amusement, the ballet of 'Hob in the Well' nras charmiDgly performed by the Edouin Family. The rich humour of Master Edouin kept the juveniles 'in a roar,' while the exquisite dancing of the Misses and Mr. Edouin excited the admiration of all beholders. We were informed that the unwonted midday attendance in the pit was the result of a graceful compliment by Mr. Barton to the public in acknowledgment of the extensive patronage he has received throughout the season. Week after week he had in the ' treble piping shrill and squeally' plaudits of little people, whose papas treated them to the circu3, evidence of the delight with which they witnessed the performance ; and he resolved to im part, if possible, similar gratification to little enes who have no parents to pay for them. Acting on that generous impulse, so worthy of imitation, he invited the children of the Government Free School to witness the performance on Saturday, and the hearts of the little creatures were gladdened by an opportunity to mix with what to them seemed the great world, and to enjoy an entertainment regarded as rare and excellent, even by those who can afford to purchase pleasure. The police and their families were also invited — a proceeding which could not have been dictated by any sense of services rendered by them as peace-preservers ; for in all his ample professional circuit Mr. Burton has found no more orderly supporters than the people of Adelaide. ' The free list' of the day included also the employe's in the mechanical department of each of the dail/ papers, extending even to the youngsters who rejoice in an appellation ' not to be mentioned to ears polite.' The evening performance, which was for the benefit of the Edouin family, concluded the season, and on Mon.'ay (this day) the troupe proceed to the North, intending to visit and perform at the principal seats of population in that part of the colony. During the trip to the North, Mr. Smith, the a^ent for Mr. Uurton. proceeds to Mel bourne, to pick np ail tne available talent suited to tne Circus, and it is expected that the troupe will reappear in Adelaide in about three weeks. MusiCAii Aebitals. — The lovers of ope ratic music will be pleased to learn that the celebrated cant&trice;, lladamo Carandini, has again visited Ade laide. Madame Carandini is accompanied by Mons. Liglaiss, a tenor singer of considerable reputation, who was with Madame Anna Bishop in the United States; Signor Grossi, a bas* singer of equal ability ; and Mons. Lavenn, well known heretofore as conductor for Miss Catherine Hayes. With snch professional support the public may expect a series of brilliant musical enter tainments to commence as saon as Madame Carandini can make the necessary arrangements. Victoria Theatbe. — Tho grand fairy spec tacle of ' Cinderella, or the Little Glass Slipper,' is to be produced this evening. A junction of the Edouin and Lee families seanres a concentration of juvenile talent seldom witnessed on any stage, and must, we imagine, be sufficient to do justice to a very charming pieeA The entertainment has been some time in pre paration, and an idea of the cemplete manner in which it will be presented may be gathered from the fact that nearly 40 petit performers will appear in it The Nelson Family,— Mr. Nelson and hia talented family have just arrived, and will shortly appear at the Victoria Theatre in a aeries of perfor mances, the exact nature of which is not yet announced. They were great favourites during their former visit to Adelaide, and we have no doubt they will now receive a very cordial welcome. We observe that on the present occasion they are to be supported by a powerful com pany. , night, 16th instant, a person named McDonnor was driving a horse and dray along tha Port-road, when one of the wheels of the vehicle suddenly slipping into a pit or rut he was jerked from his seat. Attached to the side of the dray was an iron hook, and as McDonnor was in the act of falling it caught him on the fleshy part of his left thigh and tore awsy a large portion of flesh from the hip to the knee, laying bare the tendons and vessels. Tbe agonized sufferer was taken to a heuse near at band, and was promptly attended by Dr. Todman, who enter tains sanguine hopes of the ultimate recovery of the leg. The Port-road— the execrable condition of which doub: less caused the accident described— is alike dangerous to horses and their riders or drivers, and in the night time tbe risk is increased in a tenfold degree. The other night a person cennected with thisiffice was proceeding to the Port on horseback, when the horse suddenly stumbled into a deep pit and fell, throwing his rider into tbe adjoining swamp. Happily no great injury was sus tained. When the winter's rains shall nave set in we believe the road will be wholly impassable for laden vehicles. Obdinatiok Service. — The following has been furnished by a correspondent:—' On Wednesday aventoB1, April 7th, at the Wesleyan Church, Pirie-street, in Ordination Service was held, when three young mi nisters were solemnly set apart to the work and office of the Christian ministry. At 7 o'clock the President of the Conference entered the church, accompanied by the or daining presbytery, when the choir sang 'How beautiful upon the mountains.' The Secretary of the district then commenced the service by singing the 741th hymn. After priyer was offered np by the E«v. Messrs. Wilson and Wateihousc, the President delivered an address setting forth the nature, responsibilities, and dignity of the Christian ministry, the indispensable necessity oi & divine call to this work, and stated that the young men then about to be ordained had been examined and approved of by their brethren, and finally received into fall connection by the Conference. The young men then gave a short account of their conversion to God and of their call to the work of the ministry; their experience was clear and satisfactory. After the usual questions were put by the President of the Conference, and answered br the candidates, they were ordained ' by the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.* The choir then sang, 'I will wash minehandtin irmooancy: so will I compass thine altar, 0 Lord.' Tbe charge was then delivered by the President of the Conference; after which the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was admi nistered to the newly- ordained ministers, and then to the members of the church.' The Auboba Austeams.— A correspondent has furnished the following information :— ** Being one of thosewhose labour calls them to be busy whilst thomajority of mankind are sleeping, I lately observed that beautiful yet encommon phenomenon, the Aurora Australia ; and tot having seen any notice of it in your Hit^ which probably may be owing to the time of its ap pearance, I subjoin a few particulars for the benefit of your readers:— On Saturday, tbe 10th instant, about 2 o'clock in the morning, the sky being somewhat cloudy in the southern quarter, my attention was arrested by that peculiarly lurid haze nsuaJy produced by a distant conflagration, and I imagined that an ex tensive fire was raging in that direction. In the course of a few minutes, however, ths clouds dispersed, and the Aurora was seen in all its splendour. ' The I*J», CAteuuiuft ugoiij hum* luc &CUIU1; UJ %UC UuZZZ0nt were composed of several colours, the Intervening spaces being filled with a luminous' colour, similar to the western sky on the setting of tha gun. What heightened the beauty of the phenomenon was its osculating character; and as it gradually shifted from tbe south to the west, and nee vena, the words nf the Psalmist were strikinsdj impressed upon the mind, ' The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firma ment showeth His handywork.' ' Stray Cattle m the Streets.— The numerous complaints of the damage inflicted on private and public property by cattle turned oat at night by the owners to pick up a predatory living in the streets and gardens of the city have, we understand, led to a determi nation, on the part of the City authorities to ' put down' by stringent measures the e*il complained of. The owners of cows, horses, and goats, who have not a fear of fences, nor a proper regard for a floral cultivation, had better be wise in time, and by proper feeding restrain tne vagrant propensities of their srreat and small cattw,« the Inspectors of Nuisances will be likely to impound the cattle, and unceremoniously introduce the owners to aa Worship the Mayor, tobe, dealt with as offenders agwnrt tbe cMc regulations. 