THE RECLAIMED ; OR, THE FORCE OF EARL Y IMPRESSIONS. — u— A TALE. CHAPTER III. The grey of morning had just begun to mingle with and chase away the gloom of night, as Louis Valliere returned slowly and wearily towards the dwelling of his sister. Finding the door fastened, he knocked again to obtain admittance ; and in a few moments, Marie, who had been expecting his return, removed the bar and he entered. . Passing her in silence, though she earnestly questioned him as to the course he had pursued, he hastened into : the little sitting room, in which be had before met his sister. For a few moments he passed moodily up and down the floor, and then cast himself upon a chair, muttering, ' Well, I shall meet him yet ! and if this fails—' he paused, for Marie stood before him and addressed him. 'Oh Louis, you will break Adele's heart! poor creature, how she wept, when you broke away from . us so passionately last night ; and she could find no «omfort till we knelt and prayed to God.' Poor Marie little knew why a momentary smile passed across the face of Louis,* but she added, with a woman's tact, ' Yes, Louis, how often in your young years, when some fancied grief was weighing on your little heart, did you and Adele kneel .together, at the feet of your sweet mother, and pray to the good Father of all, until your sorrows had passed away like a cloud, and again you were happy.' For a moment Louis had forgotten the dark thoughts of later years, and his memory ran back to the happy hours of his pure and innocent youth ; another smile, oh! how different from the first, played upon his lips, as he recollected the peace and consolation which those hours of prayer had been wont to bring upon his soul ; but the demon whispered to his pride — ' it was a vain delusion — a dream of childhood.' Yet he sighed, and added in his heart, ' It was a happy dream — would that I . could dream so now.' Oh heart of man,! inexplicable mystery ! thou cause of good and evil, of happiness and misery ; at one moment urging on to crime, the next rejoicing in the purity of by gone days j now dwelling on the present and the future with gay and joyous hope ; now turning to the past with vain regret ; now driven from its early truth by reason; now swaying reason back to truth. From the heart a throbbing pulse goes upwards through the soul, and bends and conquers all its strongest powers : in its citadel there dwells a guard, that, bind it as you may, will burst those bonds, and rise, unwaver ing, to the fight with the foe of human kind— still beaten, but not conquered — still chained, but not subdued, until 'victory closes its struggles. That unconquered guardian had arisen from its chains, in the soul of Louis Valliere, to commence its cease less conflict; and though beaten down for the moment, it lay watchful and unsleeping, until the liour of victory should arrive. The young man arose and paced the room in silence, as his memory reverted to the past ; but at length shaking, off the spell that seemed to rest upon his spirit, he returned to his present situation. ' And, Mary, Adele was praying for me to her God.' He. spoke this time without a smile, but in a tone of sadness and greater feeling than he had hitherto displayed. 'To her God! what can ho mean?' snid poor Marie to herself; 'tohorGod,' she added aloud, ' and Louis have you no God ?' 'Silence, woman! question me not!' he said, flttgrily ; for he shrank from acknowledging his be lief before the simple-minded and pure hearted woman who addressed him, when on hour before he , would have boasted it to. the world. That ceaseless struggle in his heart was still at work. Poor Marie drew back whilst the tears came ^coursing down her withered cheeks, for nover before .- had either of her children, as she called them, spoken harshly to her. In a moment his^feelings rebuked him ; and almost cursing the unbelief that had made ? him treat so oruolly the kind and affectionate creatme, who had been to him a mother as far as ''tutored nature had permitted, he approached her, , and taking her hand, addressed Jier in a soothing tone ?? Poor Marie, do not weep! I have forgotten myself to speak so harshly to you, who are so kind. ? Come, Marie, forgive — and — and .pray for me !' It was said with a struggle, and only to pacify the good woman. In a moment she_ dried her eyes aud loaked up to him with a glad- light beaming from them, and exclaimed, ' Oh Louis, then you are not one of those poor blinded men who deny the good God ? . No wonder it vexed you that I should suppose it.' The young man. turned away : the simple exclamation of his affectionate nurse had gone to his heart nnd he could nnt undeceive her. In a few moments Adela entered the room, and when her brother told her that he had not seen Delmont, she became more cheerful than she had been, and.besought him not to punish the man who dared to threaten her with violence. '.Why, Adele, do you wish me to forgive him ? Certainly you cannot be very seriously offended at his conduct, or you could desire to be avenged.' 'Yes! my dear brother, I do resenthis behaviour, but I pray to God to give him a better heart and to forgive him as I wish to be forgiven ! as you used to pray, alas!' and she rested her head upon his shoulder, and wiped away the tear that the recol lection of the last night's terrific disclosute had caused to start and tremble in her eye. Louis Valliere was an infidel more from habit and association than from any conviction, as some men. oftentimes endeavour to persuade themselves ; and he felt his unbelief begin to be shaken by the vivid recollections of the past, which every word of his sister recalled. But the pride of his heart was too strong, and he determined to repress these efforts of memory and to turn from the past to the present. 'I sought everywhere for Delmont,' he said, ' and I put in requisition every means in my power to discover him, but .in vain. At all his usual haunts I searched, but found him not !' '' I rejoice, dear brother, for now we will go with you, and under your protection I will be perfectly safe. Yes, we will go with you and pray for you.' . ' Yes, pray for me !' he said ; for he felt that even if it benefitted him not, it would serve to calm their minds. ?' 'And you will not seek after Delmont again ?'' ' I may meet him without seeking, Adele,' he replied with a smile. ' Aye, but Jyou will not seek to 'encounter him. You'will not risk your own life and my only depen dence, by attempting to quarrel with this man V ' Nay, nay, Adele ! now you bind me too tightly, in your eagerness to prevent harm to your lover !' 'Oh Louis! you know it is not that ;' and she threw her arms around his neck, placing at the same time over his head a ribbon to which was attached a medal of the Virgin : and said, ' wear this for my sake, Louis.' Without examining it, he placed it in his bosom and resumed the conver sation. CHAPTER IV. On the night of that day whose early morn wit nessed the transactions of the last chapter, two men walked cautiously along the street which has been described in the opening scene, and in which the dwelling of Adele Valliere was situated. They con versed in low tones as they proceeded, while one ever and anon cast around him a quick yet piercing glance to discover if they were observed. ' Aye ; but Monsieur must remember that there is no little danger to be encountered in the under taking which he proposes, and that it is not-worth a man's neck ; hut if Monsieur desires [it so ardently, Jacques Derbrouch is not the man to shrink from the enterprise, provided any benefit to Monsieur is to be derived from it.' ' In other words, if there were any chance of ob taining the booty in the house, you would not hesitate to assist me in breaking it open.' ' Oui ! Monsieur is right.' ' Or if Monsieur would makeup to Mon. Jacques Derbrouch the supposed value of an ordinary ' exploit,' Mons. Jacques Derbrouch would be just as well satisfied as if he had obtained the booty itself!' ' Monsieur is right again ! ' said the man, with a smothered laugh. ' Yes, Monsieur is right !' ' Then I may count on the assistance of Mons. Jacques Derbrouch throughout this matter,' said the other iu the same tone, half sarcastic, in which he had overruled the objections of his companion. However, this time he was not equally successful ; for the man stopped suddenly and replied : *' Mons.'Delmont, I have hunted out this game for you at last, when all your means of obtaining information had failed, and you then promised me a suitable reward. I have found the place of her re treat, and am now leading you towards it, but I will not move one step further, unless you pay me what I have already earned, and what I am yet to earn this night.' 'Pshaw! Derbrouch, what has put that notion into your head. I will pay you when the work is done, not before.' 'I understand all that,' said the man, 'but you may rest assured that I will not move one step further until I am paid. When the work is done, Derbrouch may whistle for his money ! Come, Monsieur, le honorable !' ' Aye, honor among thieves !' muttered Delmont, as he placed his purse in the hands of the sturdy ruffian. ' There ! when the matter is ended to my satisfaction, you shall receive as much more.' The man weighed the purse critically iu his right hand, and then in his left, and treating himself to a single shake of the contents, placed it deliberately in his pocket and preceded his employer. At length they reached the building already described, in which Adele Valliere resided. Here they paused and resumed the conversation. 'This is the house,' snid Derbrouch; 'and a hard house, you will find it, to break into ! but one advantage is, that scarcely any one here knows who resides in it. I have enquired of several, and some of them are even ignorant that it is inhabited' at all. So that if we succeed, it will hardly be known, and if known, there is no one to care for it.' ' I mind not that — be the consequences what they may, succeed I must ; I have sworn it!' ' Has she not a brother 1' ' She had a brother j but he went to Russia, and I have never heard of him since, except from her lips, when she threatened me with his vengeance. But I took itfor granted that it was a ruse.' ' I don't know about that ! ? He may be here.' ' Nonsense ! you are frightened and wish to find a reason for avoiding your engagement!' 'Try me; and if I flinch, may — !' and the sentence was closed with a terrible imprecation. ' Have you all the implements with you 1' ' Yes ! But do you not here some one coming ! Here 5 let us step down this- dark alley and we will not be observed ! CHAPTER V. Just as the two ruffians had suceueded in .con cealing themselces, several young men .reached the spot where they had been ? standing, '? cbnveping gaily asf they moved Along; , . , ' J ' I tell you, Louis, it is'ntterly impossible ; ! and if Adolphe will assist -me; I wilf undertake ,tb (Sarry you to our resort in spite of yourself.' ', ?? ? . ' Yes,' put in the other, ' Louis, it is an age since we have seen you, and go you must.1' ' Well, be it so !' replied the thirdjj and they passed on. In a short time they reached their destination and found a party of jovial friends, who were old acquaint ances of Louis Valliere. With a shout they welcomed him ; and it was not long before-all remembrance of Adele had passed away from mind. An hour flew by ; as hours fly where the wine cup is pledged, and the gay song snug, and the loud laugh rings ; where the joyousness of youth and the recklessness of man hood are mingled together ; where men strive to compress into one hour the joy of a whole life, but find that the carousal is but misery indeed. At length, half intoxicated by his tepeated draughts, and carried away by the excitement of the momet, Louis Valliere arose to offer a toast. As he did so, the sacred medal dropped from his half open vest, and swung before the eyes of his com panions. It was welcomed with a shout of laughter. 'Oh! St. Louis!' 'Oh! good saint!' 'Oh! miracle in this age destitute of miracles !' exclaimed his reckless companions, rejoiced at this occasion of raillery.' ' Give us a sermon, good St. Louis !' ' See ! will it strike an unbeliever, who touches to profane !' cried another of the scoffers, reaching out his hand to grasp the medal. Stung to the heart with the taunts of his infidel companions upon the gift of his pure sister, whose image rushed across his excited and bewildered mind, mingling .strangely with the wild scene around, until it seemed that every. insult was di rected against her, the young man struck the scoffer a single blow and stretched him upon the floor. In a moment, the confusion became . tenfold wilder ; shouts and curses were mingled with threats, until at length the police broke in upon and captured some of the most turbulent of the company. Louis escaped ; and as he rushed into the street and hurried homewards, the cool freshness of the night began to calm the fever of his brain and to bring him back to reason. With shame he reflected upon his disgraceful conduct ; upon the scene of coarse debauchery through which he had passed ; and of the pain that his pious and affectionate si3ter would feel, did she but suspect the transactions of that night. From these thoughts, his mind reverted to the medal — it was still around his neck . and, approaching a lamp that stood near, he read the inscription : it was a prayer that invoked the assistance ot toe iviotner ot uod, in mat concise, out fervent language which is the, inspiration of Catho lic piety. As he read it, he felt that he had uttered a prayer with his lips, though it came not from his heart. He smiled ; and strove to shake off the fancy, but in vain. An inward voice seemed to whisper: 'infidel ! thou hast prayed to the mother of God whom thou deniest.' Again and again he pronounced those few words, and at each repetition the spell became the stronger. How often in his early days had he repeated that little prayer!, and now, as he stood there disgusted with his own con duct and the conduct of his infidel companions, he felt relieved in treading back, through the paths of memory, the days of innocence — the days when his unbelief was not. . ? * It recalled to his mind the dear mother, at whose dying bed side he had offered it up, whilst the tears were flowing from his eyes, and the sobs that broke from his then tancorrupted heart almost choked his utterance. Oh ! how strong through his flood-gate of memory came rushing back every thought, and word, and deed of that trying time. Upon his mind, excited as it was, was pictured that look — that look of love, which his dying mother cast upon him as she committed his sister to his charge ; and upon her pillow into the sleep that knows no waking. A thousand softening recollections swept across his soul ; . a tear had gathered in his eye — he turned away and cursed his unbelief. CHAPTER VI. Adele and Marie were sitting silently and wearily, awaiting the return of Louis, who had been absant since noon. Adele was ready to give way to her fears, but Marie consoled her with ' No, no, my child, do not fear ! Louis has met only some of his old companions, and is spending a few hours with them : do not fear ! He will return in time.' ' In time, Marie ! It is now almost midnight.' ' Yes, my child ; but that is the time with gay young men !' The two relapsed into silence : in a short time, a slight noise was heard below, and they both started, expecting that Louis -had returned. Again they heard the sound ; but it did not resemble that made by a knocking at the door. At length they became alarmed, and fastened the door of the room, in which they sat. In a few moments, the step of a man was heard, pacing cautiously along the passage; a hand was laid upon the door, but it moTed not. In breathless anxiety the two females stood, utterly deprived of all. presence of mind. ' Marie, speak, and learn who it is,' whispered Adele. ' Who are you, who thus disturb us at this hour of the night f ' said Marie, in a tremulous voice. There was no answer ; but the man placed his shoulder to the door and pressed with all his strength. It did not yield ; but the two females screamed aloud, -with the hope of obtaining aid. In another moment, the heavy blow of an axe was heard against the door, and the strong panelling creaked and trembled beneath its force. Another and another followed ; the door flew open, and Del mont Eprang into the room. As he hastened towards Adele, Marie threw her arms around him and struggled to hold him back. The poor giil shrieked for mercy and besought him to spare her. . ' Never ! yon have eluded me long enough. And, you cursed old woman, if you do not hold your peace, I will stab you to the heart. Here, Jacques ! come and gag the old beldame, or she will alarm the neighbourhood.' There was a slight noise below; and, a moment after, a quick step leaped lightly up the stairs, and Louis Valliere sprang into the apartment. ' Cursed villain !' he exclaimed, as he stood be fore the affrighted wretch, who, pale and trembling, gazed into the face of the angry brother whom he had believed to have perished in. the snows of Russia. That ghastly look was changed into one of deeper horror, as the blow of the avenger descended upon his brow ; and, with a shriek of terror, he Adele Valliere. The startled girl stood gazing in speechless horror upon the almost lifeless form— lifeless, hut in the convulsive sbudderings that ran through the mass, and the trickling blood that flowed from the wound. The avenger rested on the weapon which had done the deed ; the bludgeon he had snatched from the hands of Jacques DerbrQuch, in his short struggle with that ruffian, who, after a brief resistance, had deserted his oompanion and fled. He gazed coldly upon the form before 'him. At length he turned away, and bade Marie raise up the man and see if ho wore dead.. 'JJifewas not extinct ; and the wounded man was removed to another apartment, and laid upon a couch. 'Adele! now thou raayest pray,'.| exclaimet Louis as he re-entered the room, ' for this blessed gift of thine has saved thee from that wretch.' And he told hor how, in the midst of the carousal, the medal had been seen ; how his brother infidels had scoffed ; he told her of the affray, the inter ference of the police, and his escape ; how he had :read, without any definite motive, the inscription on the medal ; and how it had led him back to the slays of their youth. ' And, Adele, pray for me !' 'Ah, Louis, pray with me !' '/cannot yet!' he exclaimed, and turned away. CHAPTER VII. All night long, in the chamber to which the wounded man had been conveyed, there reigned a deep and unhrokensilencc. Asurge'on stood by thehed side and expended all the power of his art to succour and to save; after a long and nainful examination of the wound, he shook his head doubtfntly and turned away to give some direction to his assistant. The lookers on felt that it was hopeless. In alow voice, one of them addressed the surgeon, as he drew away from the bed side and stood looking on the form of Delmont, to watch the effect of his applications. ' Doctor, can you save him ?' ' Mons. Valliere, human'skill, I fear, will be un able to preserve his life. In a few hours, reason will lose her sway, to be only regained as life is passing away. I have seen many such cases, and I cannot be deceived. His only hope is in his God.' A painful expression passed across the features of Louis Valliere, and he turned away to hide^his!-. feelings from the searching eye of the surgeon. At . that moment, the rustling of a dress was heard, and Adele Valliere passed quickly from the chamber. In the little sitting room she found Marie, and, in a hurried voice, addressed her. ' Good Marie, poor Delmont must die. Go you and see Father Durand, and tell him to hasten in the name of charity, for reason will soon forsake the poor man — and, he is an infidel !' An hour passed, and then another ; and, at length, a foot was heard upon the stairs, and Father Durand entered the apartment. 'Ah, my daughter, this is melancholy ; but, lead me to the poor lost child ! let me pray for him, and bring him back to the true fold !' A tear gathered in the eye of the good old man as he spoke ; and, hastily brushing it away, he fol lowed Adele to the chamber of the wounded man. As they entered, Delmont cast his eyes towards them. An unearthly light was flashing from them ; and upon his face beamed the wild expression which told that delirium had commenced its reign. ' Ha!' he said, ' and who art thou, old man, who leadest hither the baautiful maiden: stop — yes, I loved her — and thy black garments — thou art what men call a priest — ha ! ha ! wouldst thou marry her to me?' And then his voice sank almost to a whisper, and he continued — ' It is true there is a God 1 I heard it muttered in my ear — did you dare to say it, old man?' he exclaimed in a loud and furious tone. Thus he raved on, every moment becoming wilder, the strength of the excited spirit supplying strength to the wounded body. For a moment, he would sink exhausted from his struggles, and lie panting and powerless upon the bed : then, his eyes would slowly gather all their brightness and fix astern and unmoved gaze upon, perhaps, some fancied object ; slowly that clear and resolute glance would fade into a look of horror, that came creeping over his pallid features — pallid from fear ; and, with outstretched hands, convulsively struggling, as if with some, to other eyes invisible foe, he would shriek in agony, until exhaustion came again to relieve with insensi bility thelionors of his situation. It was the death bed of the strong and wicked manhood — dying without hope, and with the burden of his sins upon him. All day long the delirium raged : all day long the good priest knelt and prayed by the infidel's bed side, and ever and anon his mild features changed, and his cheek became pale, as some horrid blas phemy poured from the lips that soon were to close in death. At length night came down upon that gloomy day: a night of horror! Louis stood by the bed side of the wretched man. That morn he had sur rendered himself to the authorities, and the whole tragedy had been enquired into with the speed and energy of the French tribunals : the case, had stood so strongly in his favor, that he had been discharged at once, and had hurried home to place himself by the bed side of him whom he had brought so low. Adele Valliere, with the kindness of woman, and oh ! still stronger, the charity of a Christian, which her holy faith had taught her to practice, was ever there, like a ministering angel, to smooth the pillow of the delirious man, when he sank down over powered by the paroxysm. Vain would be the at tempt to desctibe the night that dragged its weary length along, over the heads of the mournful occu pants of that lone old dwelling ; the wild blasphemy, mingled with shrieks and groans and curses — -the tears and sobs of those who knelt around, and the constant prayer of the good old priest, that the God of mercy would spare the sinner, and that reason might dawn upon the spirit, bring the joyous light of repentance to gladden the expiring soul. His prayer was heard. The great depletion resorted to by the surgeon produced its effect. Reason began to dawn with a dim and flickering light ; but the strength of the body, and with it the hope of recovery, had passed away. CHAPTER VIII. ?--.. It was a bright and beautiful morning, thern'orn which followed that night of dismay; a small and silent group were gathered in that ?chamber and gazing upon the form that now lay motionless upon the couch. At length Father Durand again approached the bed side. He was a man upon whom time had left. its marks iu the gray head and the wrinkled brow, but had only increased the. calm placidity of his features, and cast around them a sweetness and a holiness of expression, which marked him as the minister of peace. Bending over the bed side of the wretched man, in a soft low voice he addtessed him. ' My son, be' not cast down ! despair hot ! the God who died for you will save you, rely on him ! call on him !' ' The God who died for me,' .repeated the dying man slowly, and turning his sparkling eye towards the mild face that beamed upon hifn. ' The God who died for me ! — Yes I believed so once — long years ago.' The eye of the sufferer became dim : the soul seemed to have withdrawn its light from the dull orb, and to have retired within itself to commune with the gathering remembrances of those long years ago. Suddenly he turned upon tlie good father and exclaimed, ' Was it sweet music that I heard — a joyous song — or didst thou speak 2' ' Alas, my son, quiet those wandering fancies, and turn to thy present and thy future fate I' ' Future,' he exchiined, pondering slowly on the word, 'future I ia there a fututa I No,' he' continued after a pause, ' no, because — because — ' and even in that hour, as he hung upon the eternal precipice; his blinded reason and his pride of opinion. strove to retain their power over his soul. But the Faith of early years was coming back — the intuitive belief of a future, stamped by the Almighty hands upon the soul, was breaking through the chains of liabir, and resuming its wonted sway. ? '.' It will not do — not now ! and they seemed so itrong and so convincing,' he continued, and he turned away from the inward struggle of his per verse reason and his early faith. The good priest stood silently watching the movements of his features'^ and catching the half spoken words, that ever and anon fell from his lips : he saw, with an eye that had seen many a heart- rending scene like this, tllul ITUIM WUU1U g£Ul(l L11U VIUIUIJT, Ab lCUgl.ll kilt. wretched man turned again towards him ; the blaze of pride that had flashed in his eye was quenched, the resolved look had passed and for ever ; and a helpless and beseeching glance was bent in misery upon the minister of heaven. '(There is a God !' he murmured in a hollow tone, and then, as the full consequences to him first broke upon his soul, he clasped his hands upon his mutilated forehead, and shrieked aloud in agony. Father Durand felt that the critical time had arrived and that he must now save the man from himself and from despair. ' My son ! thy God is all good, all merciful ! re pent and hnpe in him.' 'Too late!, too late!' he repeated, in alow voice. . ' Noj my son, never too late. The penitent thief upon tho cross he forgave. ' This day shalt thou be with me in paradise.' ' For a moment the dying man was silent. ' Repeat it again, again, good father.' The priest complied and added, ? And if thy sins were dark as midnight, the blood of him who died for thee would wash them whiter than the driven snow.' For many minutes the good man spoke to him of the Mercy of God ; and as the features of Del mont became more calm he said, ' My children, let us pray.' ' Pray,' repeated Delmont, ' pray !' I did pray once — I was happy then ! ah ! those days ! passed, passed, and forever !' a nan suppressea groan was nearo, as tne group knelt down at the direction of the good priest and prayed. In the farthest part of the room, nearly hidden by a heavy curtain, knelt Louis Vallieve, with the big tear drops stealing through his fingers, that were vainly pressed upon his manly brow to restrain them, and he prayed ! Who that has stood with a hardened heart by the j the bed-side of death, and hath not felt, at one moment, his whole soul changed by some instinctive impulse — changed, not slowly and painfully, but at once and entirely ; so that no trace of past thought, has been left upon it? Thus it was with Louis Valliere ; in that moment he knew not that he had ever doubted ; but he prayed as he had prayed in his youth, and all the dark years of his manhood were forgotten. J. hey arose from their humble posture, and all left the apartment but Father Durand, who still knelt by the bed-side of Delmont. An hour passed on, and they returned. The dying man had shown the wounds of his soul to the spiritual physician ; and the priest of the Most High had applied the remedy committed to his charge — the' redeeming power of penance: and consoling tears were flowing down the cheeks of the reclaimed. All day long the voice of prayer arose in that 6ilent room ; and ever and anon, the still, small foot of Adele was heard gliding along as she ministered in charity to him who persecuted her : all day long knelt the living reclaimed by the dying reclaimed — the avenger praying fot the victim — forgiving and forgiven. And as the sun went down, casting his mellowed light through the darkened windows, the calm mild voice of Father Durand arose in the solemn prayer for the dying Catholic. ' Depart, Christian soul ! out of this world, in the name of God the Father Almighty, who created thee : in the name of Jesus Christ, son of the living God, who suffered for the : in thee name of the Holy Ghost, who sanctified thee. Let thy place be this day in peace ; and thy abode in holy Sion, through Christ our Lord.' And the response came mingled with sighs and tears ! As the last ray of the evening sun had passed, the light of the blessed candles burned more brightly and casting a rich glow, lit up the calmed features of the dying one. A cruoifix rested upon his bosom in his clasped hands ; and he repeated, after the good priest, those names so consoling to the dying Catholic, ' Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.' There was a convulsive heave of the bosom — the lips still opened to perform their accustomed duty, but the spirit had taken its flight. Many years had passed away; and a solitary hgure knelt before the altar in the convent of the Trappists. He wore tlie dress of that rigid order, and his pale cheeks and attenuated forin told how well he had carried out the spirit of self denial. As he raised his head towards the altar— the ray of the solitary light which ever bums in a Catholic church, fit emblem of the undying faith, fell' full upon his features. The Trappist was Louis Valliere. It was the anniversary night of the death of Henry Delmont, and the reclaimed was praying for the soul of him whom he had slain. As the bright sun arose, sending his glad rays through the dim old chapel, he ended his vigil, and .wiping away a tear that had moistened his wan cheek, left the sanctuary to mingle with his brethren in the per formance of their holy duties. Adele Valliere ever retained a sorrowful yet soothing recollection of the sad events that had marked the change of her brother's heart. In her morning and evening orisons, she poured'forth her soul in grateful thanks to God, that she had never forgotten the early lessons of truth, which her pious mother had instilled into her mind, and with Marie, never ceased to rejoice that her wander ing brother had been brought back, by the force of those pious teachings, once imprinted on the heart — to be effaced no more, but struggling ever onward to final conquest, into the fold of changeless and un dying faith, given to man, by the God who worketh good out of evil, and heareth those who cry unto him. 