TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY Sir, Among the many good offices you i Lave done to this colony, I know none of more real practical use than the choice of gentlemen in the several districts who hold the rank of " Our own Correspondent" and who by their local knowledge detect and at once expose the evil news whether of omission or commission of those in authority. An instance of this is seen in your | paper of last Wednesday, when, the gross and flagrant neglect of the Sorell Police, unchecked as li to, through the " timidity" and want of moral courage of Dr. Blyth renders life insecure and properly worthless. And here I think it unfair that this benefactor of Sorell should not be known beyond its taprooms and that his name should be vcilec'Biudcr such a designation as " Our Own Correspondent.'' Mr. W. H. Glover has taken care that in the first named localities it should be a well known that he wrote it." I have I written to the Mercury." " I have given it to the Doctor." " I have a new up the Inspector." " When like the Euglo In the Dovecote I fluttered our voices in Corio Alone I did it." I need not say how completely I agree with Mr. Glover, that when Mr. Blyth found that his warrants were not executed with that promptitude and efficiency that could alone render this issue of any use, he ought at once to have sworn in as special constable the first person he met, and proceeded to the bush and made the necessary search. Nor am I singular in this opinion, for when Mr. Glover declared at the Pembroke Inn that such was Mr. Blyth's duty, the sentiment evidently met with the approbation, of those present. My object in writing this is to expose another instance of culpable neglected the part of the stipendiary Magistrate. A robbery was committed a few days ago at Sorell of Bank notes, to a rather large amount, and the parties who did it, and who will probably be convicted, are in Sorell watch-house. I myself heard a constable tell Dr. Blythe that he believed the woman in custody had not been properly searched, and asked what he was to do. He was coolly told to get some constable's wife to do it. Now, Sir, is it not monstrous that such things should be-that in this very case perhaps a felony will remain unpunished because Dr. Blyth does not for sooth think fit to play the constable. Why did not he at once proceed to the prisoner's cell and direct that he be left alone with her while he made the requisite examination P There could be no impropriety or indelicacy in his doing so, for remember that he is a medical man. Perhaps at this very moment glorying in a feeling of security that would be of little avail but for Dr. Blyth's pride, she has stitched to the inside of her stays the notes for which such diligent search has been made in every place but the right one.. The very handsome salary that Dr. B. receives for the trivial duties of Police Magistrate-Commissioner of the Court of Requests, and Returning Officer, would well repay him for adding to them the duties of " Female Searcher," or if such an application be distasteful let him be called " Master of the Robes." I am sick to death of such affectation and I hope to see in future papers some more such articles from your own correspondent as that with which I now sympathize. There cannot be better marks than Dr Blyth and the Inspector of Police. The former is shielded by his stubborn pride, and the latter, I am sorry to say, by his popularity in this his old district. I am, Sir, Your obedt. servant, Van. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. INTIU-MÜItAL INTEJIMEST3. SIR-It is now three years since the Parliament of Tasmania first took the above question into consideration. The question was first mooted by Dr. Crooke, a gentleman competent from his profession and medical experience to speak with ability upon it. The injurious effects resulting from the present system of interment within the city boundaries, and the extreme danger in case of the appearance of epidemic, and other diseases, was clearly pointed out by him in the Council. The truth of his assertions, based as they were upon the statistics of the mother country, was admitted ; the importance of the question was recognised, and the necessity for alteration was at once felt and acknowledged. _ Unfortunately, however, for the healthiness of the citizens, Dr. Crooke left the colony, and the Council frightened at a few difficulties that presented themselves to the proposed change agreed to procrastinate the measure. The subject was again brought forward, and again adjourned, and the present Ministry relying, no doubt, upon the shortness of memory of the opposition members did not even notice it in their opening speech. But they had calculated without their host. Dr.Butlorimmodiatelynoticedthoomission and feeling as he must do considerable interest in a question so closely connected with his profession brought it under the attention of the house. The inhabitants of the city should be deeply thankful to the hon. member for Brighton, for his disapproval of the conduct of the Ministry in this respect. This reproof, mild as it was, was well- merited. The gross indifference manifested by the Government in regard to a question of such vital importance, is deserving of the severest censure. No language could be too strong to be used in condemnation of such inattention to the public interests, and it is my opinion that it should call for a special vote of censure. The conduct of the Ministry in regard to this question is strange and inexplicable. The measure. important as it is to the whole of the city inhabitants, should be more so to those assembled within the Council walls. Staying for hours within one hundred yards of one of the most surcharged places of sepulture in the city j breathing the noxious vapours that continually arise, one would think that they had a personal interest in the question ! But, no ! the proposed measure would occasion a little outlay of the public cash. The Treasury funds are low, and so the present Government are willing to allow the present system of interment to continue, fraught as it is with consequences injurious to the whole of the citizens. Perhaps, however, they think that the proximity of the Parliament to the burial ground, might after all be of service to them. Their supporters reside principally in the country. They are strong and robust. Their opponents are not so. The faces of the opposition become more wan and ghost-like. Perhaps the incipient seeds of disease have already been soon in their ranks; who knows? Their removal by death, or any other means would be acceptable; they wait and hope. But, a truce to joking upon a question of such vital interest, while the conduct of the Ministry has been exceedingly culpable, the press of the colony should not got blameless, sufficient attention has not been paid by them to the subject. The Ministry thought they could conveniently drop the question, when the press and the citizens were silent upon it. It is to be feared that the majority of the citizens are ignorant of the evils of the present system ; they know not that they are imperilling their lives by its continuance ; should we have a large influx of population in the approaching ' summer, it is more than probable that many infectious diseases will follow in their train. there is food for them the poisonous-air forcing its way through every nook and cranny of the graves, will nourish them. The mortality will be in proportion to the efficiency of our sanitary measures ; let us be wise. Let us show some forethought. Let us prevent, pcradvcnhiro it may be too late to cure. The proposed sanitary reform may be productive of a little inconvenience; but surely it is preferable to all the continuous evils resulting from the present state of things. Health is a boon from the giver of all things ; let us be careful to preserve it. Death comes soon enough ; let us be careful not to hasten it. The above remarks have not perhaps been written, with the seriousness that the subject demands. There is a sacred ness and holiness about the graves of our fathers that makes resting upon such a subject profanation. Perhaps I have spoken lightly ; many of those we loved and respected when alive lie sleeping there. Lie sleeping there? No! Their immortal spirits have winged their way to the heavenly regions, and there remains only the perishable earthly part of their nature, placed by misguided love in our midst, sowing the seeds of disease and death, vitiating God's pure air, and injuring those whom, when alive they would have protected. Caustic. 