One Spooner.) interning forwarded. SATURDAY, JANUARY 2?, 1859. Is the Legislative c Assembly \ yesterday, in answer to a question from Mr Honoso*», the Si-uivrAin ion LVMJS AMI PUBLIC WORKS said that Mr Surveyor Roberts had been ordered to stay e the junction of the Rivers "Brisbane and Bremer, and to report on an injunction alleged to be forming there Inaiibwoi to a question from Mr ToitsTut, the St curTAin lou LAND AND PUBLIC "WORKS said that salaries had been paid in the department of the Electric Telegraph for the years 1887 and 1858 He was unable at present to state to what amount, but he believed they were paid under the authority of the colonial Act on the subject In answer to a question from Mr Honess, the Shewan ion LINDS XMIPUHUC "WORKS said that the tolls of the Drayton Turnpike had hitherto been collected by the Clerk of Petty Sessions, but that it was intended, in future, to submit them to public competition In answer to a question from Mr Ow i X, the St ciii Tony ion LVMIS MI PT III ICWOUKS stud the Govern ment was quite aware of the importance of the harbours of Wollongong, Kiama, and Bellambi, and money, had been voted for the same of those harbours, but he did not think any sum could be placed on the Supplementary Estimates for their improvement during the present year In answer to a question from "Mr PLUNKETT, the Soi lciiou-Gi M uvi said, that the only institutions from the Attorney-General to Mr Dowling, late Crown Prosecutor, in reference to the late Quarter Sessions at Goulburn, was out. to tell that gentleman to proceed to Goulburn and prosecute as usual The find no other duties to perform, and it saved the public about 100 No new commission has been issued to Mr Dowling, and no remonstrance had been made by" that gentleman, except an enquiry as to whether he could legally act to which he was informed by the Attoincv-Gcnei ii he could In answer to a question from Mr "W H M the Cm UM M SivGitiTun replied, that Mr Montefiore had no authority from the Government to neroli its new loan in England for railway purposes, and further, that there was no objection to lay before the House all correspondence between the Government and Mr Montefiore since his return from England Mr H ooi> then moved 1 that, in the opinion of this House it is expedient and necessary that all public w works should be sub mitted to public competition and performed is far as practicable by contract 2 That all supplies required for the public service should be furnished in a similar manner 1 That these resolutions be torn municated, by address, to his Excellency) the Governor General His resolutions were strongly. opposed by the Government, and an amendment was moved by Mr Horn liTsoN, " That all works should be performed by contract, except in special cases, when authorised by the House " A. division took place on the amendment, but a quorum not being present, the House was adjourned till three o'clock on Tuesday next In our issue of Wednesday last, we published an analysis of our bills of mortality. Our fellow citizens will there learn that death is rapidly gaining on the population, and that our statistics show a worse result than those of the least favoured English cities. The rate of mortality in England, in 1827, was, in towns, 20 in the thousand, and in the villages and rural districts is in a thousand. In our last quarter we show 33-3-1 in the thousand. We have no wish to damage the reputation of this colony, to which nature has not been unkind, by imputing to the climate or soil a result so much to deplore, but the fact is not to he denied or slighted, that we have it tremendous waste of life. The sanitary reforms at home have shown their results, and, by contrast, that more human beings have been destroyed by a dis- regard of sanitary laws than by the sword. Mr. -JitrGHT, deprecating the wars of England, called up as witnesses the ghosts of the thousands who perished in the Crimean war. They at least took the chances of life and death. There was not amongst them a single man who might not have refused to fight on that field not one who had not himself demanded to be made a soldier; and, whatever may be the opinion of Mr. BRIGHT, the blood of those who fell was not shed in vain. But it is shown by statistics that a far greater number than England lost in this gallant struggle perish through contempt of the laws of health. In the city of Ely, for example, the report of the Registrar-General of England informs us that, before the city submitted to sanitary reforms, the deaths were 26 to the thousand,-after, they were 19 and those reforms are based on an abundant supply of water, and the destruction of 4000 cubic yards of cesspools. Thus, again, at Liverpool, in 1837, no less than 39 in a thousand died ; when the town was partially reformed in 1857, the number fell to 29 in a thousand. Often the progress of death first leads to the discovery of the lurking miasma, and disease follows with stealthy but undeviating steps in the track of filth and corruption. But often the contagion passes to neighbour - Goods deemed healthy. The following is full of warning and instruc- tion : Typhoid fever, which a young physician (Dr. Murchison) proposes to call ' pathogenic lover,' to point at its origin from putrid animal effluvia, has been prevalent in some districts. Several deaths occurred from it in Dnvcntry. All the cases were confined to a small space which was badly drained. The Regius Professor of Medicine in the University of Oxford has recently written an interesting report on this fever occurring in the parish of Great Henwood. The township contained a population of 701 in 1851 and 125 had been attacked, 13 killed by the fever up to the 9th of July, the date of this report. He shows how the village, on the ridge of a hill, in a parish pleasantly wooded, with fine pastures and fruitful corn fields, occupied by a population wholly agricultural, was attacked by the fever show the first case, appearing about Michaelmas in last year occurred in one of the best houses of the place. The patient had been at Buckingham, and there was much fever at the time. He then tells how the brothers and sisters of the servant, and the servant herself finally fell all in their home ; how all the people of a room over filthy water, in the worst house in the parish, were attacked, and three of the family died and then how the inmates of a new row of houses and of old cottages were visited by the village plague. He sums up by ascribing the continuance of the disease during the last nine months in various degrees to contagion, overcrowded dwellings, -f putrescent matter, and on insufficient supply of fresh air, or, as it is called, bad ventilation. The evil is most grievous in the sleeping rooms. ' We can do no more. said one woman, ' than keep clean' that which we have. We cannot get our landlord to give us more air, or make the wiadOTa we have to open. '"Women," he said, "are best shut up.' " 'I often awake stifled,' Bald another woman,' and me and my husband go and sit at the window.' The poor people, however, can remedy the other great evil from which they suffer ; accumulations of muck, filth, and piggeries close to human dwellings.' Here is the type of fever and its causes in agricultural districts. Dr. Acland shows how the ravages of disease may be diminished, no sketches a model cottage, and refers for further information to the admirable volume by Roberts, on the dwellings of the labouring classes. He tells how dwellings should be managed, and how nuisances should be abolished." we have to deplore in this colony the continual sacrifice of children life. In colonies of but recent establishment, there can be comparatively few who have reached the period allotted to man. Such communities ought to teem with young, life. The loss of a child is the loss of a multitude it is the destruction of a race ; the young life of a young country is its strength-the basis of all its hopes. The great 'task of society is the preservation and moral training of its youth. That which threatens infant life is, therefore, to he numbered among the worst calamities. If there were any decline in the staple of the country, we should have committees of enquiry and public meetings, and appeals to Government. But so it is-not tens, but hundreds and thousands of children perish every year, whose deaths are to be ascribed to a neglect or violation of physical laws. There is a superstition that children are under some special Providence-a boon which the same superstition as freely grants to the drunkard ; a scarcely worse superstition is that which treats infant mortality as a thing to be desired, under a general impressionist the death of the child places it beyond spiritual danger. If these actions were carried out, we should see children abandoned-or some benevolent Honor) would slaughter the innocents. But, in truth, all such notions are as absurd as they are un- natural. We have our part assigned in the economy of life, and it is our duty to sacrifice everything to preserve the children entrusted to our care. The fact, then, stares us in the face children who might have elevated the world by their intellect, served it by their labour, and purified it by their virtue, have dropped off in hundreds into the untimely grave. They died the victims of the violation of sanitary laws. They perished either by the negligence of the parent, or the apathy of society at large. They were fed with improper food ; they were stifled with impure air ; they were beset everywhere with the malaria of dykes and cesspools ; they were drenched with drugs to abate the irritability of disease and thus they had scarcely tasted the banquet of life before they were poisoned. Evils are tolerated in society because no person feels responsible. We forget that we are so far involved in each other's fate that no man can with impunity neglect the social circumstances of his neighbour. The alleys of the city send disease into its squares and terraces ; the malaria generated in a miserable den is carried to the mansion, and the fever' which carries off the beggar's child averages the" neglect of which he was the victim by smiling down the heir of the wealthy house. We are made up of contradictions. The poorest parents among us would repel with scorn the temptation of gold to sacrifice the happiness of their offspring. They often endure privation and toil not only with con- stancy but with cheerfulness rather than subject their children to danger, and yet they will see one after another die from causes under the control of science, of cleahlhTCBs, and precau- tion, without once demanding the help of society to arrest the arm of the destroyer! They risk becoming childless rather than submit to taxation. They sacrifice the life of their' sons and daughters rather than inculcate and enforce those laws which are the condition of life. ' : In a paragraph noticing the other day the publication of Mr. WA trail's Annual Almanac, we briefly mentioned that it contained an essay by Mr. W. S. Jevons on the Meteorology of Australia. This paper, however, which occupies fifty pages, and forms a characteristic feature of the book, deserves that we should direct more particular attention to it. It is a most valuable and elaborate accumulation of facts relating to the climate of this part of the world, and deserves a careful study at the hands of all who take an interest in the science of meteor- ology science still in its infancy, but from which so many useful and practical results may be anticipated, as it becomes more fully dense hoped. t The climate of Australia has been extravagantly praised and extravagantly censured ; but while those who pass hasty judgment on it are numerous, those who patiently and systematically made accurate observations have been few. Some improvement has been latterly made in this respect, and, from the uniform observations that are now being made at various stations, both on the main land and in Tasmania, some tangible results may be looked for hereafter. Mr. J.EVONS, in attempt- ing to compile a meteorological history of Australia up to the present time, has had but imperfect chronicles to glean from, but he has presented a brief abstract of such information as he has found attainable. We cannot attempt, in the compass of a short article, to indicate the results furnished by these tables, but we may mention two points on which Mr. .Ti-voxs seeks to correct common statements. The first is, that the mean temperature of Sydney is less by four or five degrees than it is usually stated to be, the data having been taken from the thermometrical readings at noon, which is the hottest time of the day instead of from the mean of observations taken throughout the day. The real mean temperature at Sydney as a little more than 61- instead of 65- or 66;, as usually stated. The second point is, that the range of the thermometer is less at Sydney, than at London, the extreme being 79-3 degrees in the former, while it has reached 92 degrees in the latter. The heat is greater at Sydney, the thermometer rising to 108 degrees, but then the cold is greater in London, the thermometer having fallen in winter as low as five degrees. So far as suffering from extremes of temperature are concerned, therefore, London has nothing to boast over Sydney. In some parts of Australia the range is less than at Sydney, but in the interior of the continent it as much greater. In the parched desert of the interior STURT endured a list of 116-, while in the winter his thermometer fell to 24-, showing a variation of 107". The amount of rain-fall is a question of the utmost importance to the agriculturist. As" to quantity, Australia has nothing to complain of it is the irregularity of it that is the cause of complaint. More rain falls in Sydney than in London; but then, when it de- scenes in showers in the former place, it comes down in torrents in the latter. In Sydney sixty per cent, of the rain falls in torrents of between half an: inch and ten inches in depth while in London only twenty-five percent, falls at a heavier rate than half an inch a day, and the fall of two inches 5 per day is hardly known. The rainiest place in Australia, so far as yet known, is Port Macquarie ; Sydney comes next ; then Woolnorth, in Tasmania; then Wellington, in New Zealand ; then Brisbane ; then Circular Head, in Tasmania ; then King George's Sound, then Launceston, then Port Phillip, then Hobarton, and lastly Adelaide. The extremes are very great, for while at Port Macquarie the mean annual rainfall . is more than seventy inches, at Adelaide it is not quite twenty inches. The proyrTlcnce of winds from the ocean and the existence of high land to attract clouds will partly explain local phenomena, but the general law of the rain-fall in Australia is still in the dark. Mr. JEVONS, with the patience of a true Baconian, has done his utmost to collect data, and, with the abstinence also of a true philosopher, has not attempted to form any grand theory for which the foundation is too limited. Years of accurate observation must probably expire before we get the true key to the mystery, and observation too, extended over a wider scope, than merely Australia itself. The meteorology of no one country is detached from that of the rest of the world, and causes must often be looked for very remote from the theatre of their effects. Accord- ing to Lieutenant MAUIIY'S general theory, the winds which pass over Australia, have previously swept over the burning plains of India, and one reason he ascribes for their dryness is that they have had no opportunity on the journey of becoming charged with moisture. There are facts about the climate of Australia in which seem to us greatly to modify this theory, if not absolutely to militate against it but at any rate it will be as well for our meteorologists to examine their local statistics in comparison with those of India, to see if any connection or correspondence is visible between the two. There are two great prevailing winds which blow upon the inhabited portions of Australia the westerly wind, to which Western and Southern Australia and Victoria are mainly indebted for their rain', and the Eastern monsoon- like wind which waters the coast of New South Wales. If one of these winds prevails power- fully and for a continuance over the other, there is a danger of flood on one side, and drought on the other. Mr. JEVONS has collected as complete a record as possible of all the recorded floods that have occurred in New South Wales, and the list certainly looks a most formidable one. When. to the fact of the great occasional suddenness of the rain-fall is added the peculiar features of the watershed of the East coast, the cause of these disastrous floods is easily seen. The outlets for the waters are not numerous in proportion to the area drained. The valleys which converge into some of the main channels of drainage are very numerous. Thus rivers, like the Hawkesbury and the Hunter, have to accommodate the contributions of innumerable streams, and their capacity is sometimes overtasked. After a wet season, when the ground is well soaked and cannot absorb more, and when rain therefore runs off at once, a heavy and continuous fall, all over the area of the watershed, pours down at once into the main valley a body of water which cannot make its escape fast enough, and the ad percent lands are flooded. To these floods the lands on the river sides owe their richness, and on the average of years the fertility more than compensates for the damage, and if cultivators abstain from building or living within the flood-line, the injury to property is not irremediable. Mr. JETONS' list shows that from 1789 to 1797 was a dry period ; ' from that to 1 1821 was, in the main, a wet period, though ,"' four dry years intervened ; from 1821 to 1838, was a dry period, though in five of the years ' there was a flood and from that time to the of present has been mainly wet, though six of the ' years have been marked by droughts. There is nothing, however, in the table to furnish any positive indication as to the future. There may be another cycle of dry years in store, but we are not in a position to predict anything. , Meteorology has not yet attained the dignity of the sister science of astronomy. 