^ITe STATU -AID M E E T I N G. To Tin: Rev. T. C. F.winq. (Per favor of tin? Illawnrra Mercury.) ?Rt-vFTiENO Sin*- 'You did not tiiink lit to rocco mo (I uestion which I publicly, and not disrespectfully, sub '' ,, 'i t0 VOu for solution at the meeting which you called ' r night. I confess that I hardly expected you to ' your political position mid your ecclesiastical osition wero at variance. To havo admitted that State-aid Cmitatea superstition would havo lelt you without an luSce atvoiirmcetin,. To lo t von Wll'lOUt, a ouuy.i-f;.'.' ? J-— ? — ---» therefore, as your own interests nro coucerncd, yon did ' well to ignore tho question altogether. To contino tho attention of vour audience to thoso old worn-out argu ments in favor of Stato -aid and Stato establishments wns perhaps the host thing you could do. Perhaps there wero not many present who knew how woll such argumonts hod ; bean refuted over and over agam. But. whether fow or in inv they wero Bnfo, for tlioy wero silenced. ' lint you went beyond those, and yon went too far ; you tolil us that tho religion of China, of Mahomet, and of the Jews, had been supported by State-aid, and had beon $£' all warded as indispensable to good Government. Ton $3 might just on w. 11 have spoken a littlo moro plainly, nnd told us that superstition in any form is beneficial if it bo Bunnorted by tho Stato, and dignified with the name ol religion. You surely do not mean that it is dillioult or §t impossible to rulo society so as to mako its members be -&i; lmvo properly without getting up un organised hierarchy to frighten thorn with evil spirits, devils, nnd ghosts. What I# ever you mean, or meant, however, that was what you said, ffl To tell ns that wo are terribly depraved is no new thing, If! nnd some of us do seem to ba found of hearing tlint we If ore all drunknrds nnd money grubbers, lint, to suppose sgj that we nro such dolts nnd idiots ns to believe that tho H Maliomedan superstition, whioh was cstabl-sbed by wholo. sfi salo murder and general slavery, is conducive to social I and moral order, does require an immonso amount of ij faith in the utter depths of our ignorance. It we, in W this now country, nro such a wretched parcel of rascals that we canno the kept in order till somo others of us, not much hotter than tho rest, bo appointed nnd paid for telling us lies, wh v, State-aid nmy bo just suoli an af fliction ns wo deserve. With such a ' fair-seeing states man' as Mahomet at the helm of our aflt.iirs, wo ni'ght ex pect to become nu.ch hotter, for it is certain most of us would soon bo put wher^tho wickod cease from troubling. To carry out your view, howovor, practically, ns well as I theoretically, you ought to havo tho Koran, tho SLarta, and tho Code of Confucius, introduced to your schools. All this is really too bad: 1 indignantly protest against such doctrines. Nothing shall ovor mako ir,o bo ff|| lieve that it is good lor society that any of its members Cf| should be led or driven into error. God lias forbidden it. |§! I cannot believo that it is consistent with tho decrees of ||j infallible wisdom and universal benevolenco that a stato l| of error should be favorable to tho peace and happiness Hf of mankind. Jf Iho Stato choose to pay Boldiers and 111 priests for propagating that which is not true, the thing II may be good for them whilo the pay lasts, but it is not ||| good for others. Quito the contrary. And as soon ns its III o»il effects become apparent, thero is no power on earth PI which will wholly present efforts _' to extinguish them. You may possibly succeed in scouring tho continuance of jpf State-nid for n fow years longer j but overy year the op jglj position to it is increasing in magnitude. You may pro gH long the struggle till you excito a lmte against which you ftp] will havo no resource, for it will be overwhelming. The opposition to Stato-aul is at present mild, orderly, and reasonable. You may bo Buro that it will not always bo so, unless the tactics of its friends undergo some change. You, ns a recipieut, or connected with recipients State's pny, ooglit not to bo quito bo loud nor eo voliiblo m asserting your right to payment from thoso who do not want your sorvice. Considering that you aro fed, clothed, and lodged at our expense, nnd against our will, it would bo bettor for you if you said a littlo less ubont that 'abominablo Voluntaryism.' I am, Itev. Sir, Your most obedient, A STUDENT OL' THEOLOGY'. 19th November, 1SS9. 