CHINA. By "way of Mauritius we obtain tbe follow-' Jug particulars, extracted from tbe Calcutta Englishman of August 6th, of a most disastrous engagement between the English and Chinese forces in the Elver Peiho. RENEWAL OP WAR. DISASTROUS DEFEAT OF THE BRITISH. By tbe Fiery Cross we have papers from Hongkong to the 19th, Singapore to the 29th, and Penang to the 30th ult. The Fiery Crass left China on the 19th, and Singapore on the 30th of July, and Penang on the 1st of August. She brings most disastrous intelligence ol" a renewal of the war in China, for no purpose that we can imagine, except to gratify a whim of the Admiral, who chose rather to attempt to force a passage by tbe UBual channel of the Peiho, than to proceed by another which the Chinese authorities told him was open for liiin. A disgraceful defeat was the consequence, and the destruction of two of the attacking squadrons. The report says that the fire of the Chinese batteries was evidently directed by Europeans, and the Hongkong paper concludes that they must hare been Russians. It is much more probable that they were the Euro pean pirates driven out of the Canton rivers by our cruisers, for tbe Chinese are known to have murdered the Russians at Pekin. How Admiral Hope will answer for this calamity we know not. We are informed that the Admiral was warned by people at Hongkong not to at tempt the Peiho, as the Chinese were well-pre pared to oppose him. He has been guilty of the most dangerous of all faults in war, that of despising his enemy. It is the more mortify ing because the Chinese were evidently sincere, as they have allowed the American Ambassador to pass up to Pekin by the passage indicated. Indeed, had they laid a trap in that channel, they would have put themselves decidedly in the wrong, whereas they have now evidently justice as Jwell as suceess on their side. The worst Dart of the business is, tiiat if, as has never been surmised, they arc de3irou3 of get ting rid of the treaty, they have now a legiti mate reason for declaring it void as to the English and French, who have so wantonly commenced hostilities. The mafl steamer Aden arrived from Shang hai yesterday afternoon, having left that port on the 12th inst: She brings advices of the defeat of the British forces at the mouth of the Peiho—a catatrophe which reflects more disgrace on Her Majesty's arms than anything that has happened since her accesion. Mr. Bruce arrived off the Peiho on the 18th ult., where the British force had been concen trated. Some messages were exchanged be tween the British Minister's suite and some mandarins of inferior rank on shore. The tenor of these messages was to tbe effect that the foreign Ministers and suites would he re ceived iu Pekin if they would proceed by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Peiho, which river it was intimated foreign men-of-war should not enter. Mr. Bruce finally declared that he would force an en trance, and leaving tho matter in Admiral Hope's hands the attempt was made on the 25th ult. The following extracts will detail the lamentable result:— We do not pretend to a knowledge of mili tary matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we unhesitatingly record our con viction that such a series of complicated bungles is not to be found in British annals. It is a matter of sincere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if the force he had had been doubled or trebled the only difference which would have resulted would have been the augmented ratio of the casualties. A simultaneous attack by land and sea should bare clearly beeu made whilst the flood tide was running—the land force making a detour and attacking the forts on the sides. Be sides, the forts should have been taken in detail —after the first should have fallen the rest could have certainly been shelled. Again, the position should Lave beeu recon noitred, as it might have been safely inferred in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booms had been constructed, that masked batteries were certain to be placed. Tipperary tactics are scientific in comparison to tbe mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position—that is to say, the entire sea force was run into the trap which had been made and provided. After it had been destroyed, or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, the land force was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they could not be brought up for some time. When they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud-bank, almost in the face of those victorious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the case; two ditches intervened, and the end of it was that fifty of our brave fellows reached the wall without a scaling-ladder or a dry cart ridge. Why, had tho whole of the Royal Ma rines in the service been landed under such cir cumstances, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result ? We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They be held the flotilla go into the trap—they imme diately saw that their own fire was overwhelm ing—and, China- like, they became elated, and worked hard at the guns there was nothing to drive them from. Remembering how the Russian Minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year; bearing in mind the intrigues he made whilst the Tein tsin negotiations were going on; not forgetting : the accession of Chinese territoiy which the Eossians made on the Amoor just about that time; and seeing, moreover, that there is no 'Russian Ambassador now dogging the steps of the British Minister, or, indeed, near the scene ,of action, it needs no ghost to tell ns that we have been victimized to Russian machinations. Moreover, it is known that the Russians made one of the stipulations for the territory they filched the payment by them to the Chinese of seven"hundred cannon—as if the Chinese would have made such a demand unless they had been told to do so! We do not think there were any Russians in ■ the forte, because our troops were assailed by gingals and arrows; but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stockades, \- «nd laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt, Russian guns being of course used. We presume tbe United States Minister will proceed to Pekin, and will be well received there, when he will be need as a mediator. Doubtless, Heenfung's wounded honour being now healed, His Celestial Majesty would come to an easy settlement if we would let him have his own way. Oar right to force a passage to Tein-tain is very questionable, particularly as a Bafe conduct was offered our Ministers by ano ther route, and an audience promised. This, of course, would have ended in smoke; but still it forms a Celestial pretext. It is a sorrowful affair, and, besides the valu able lives lost-, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should be reinforced, and ano ther attack made immediately, H.M.S. , off tbe Peiho, July 1,1859. On the 25th of June, the negotiations with j the Chinese having come to nothing but a put off to gain time, the Admiral, with his flag flying in the Plover, followed by the gunboats Lee, Rimrod, Cormorant, OposBum, Banterer, Starling, Forester, Kestrel, Janus, andHaughty, proceeded to take up a position off tbe Peiho forts, ready to attack in case tbe Chinese sbonld j offer any resistance to clearing away the barrier, i At 2 p.m., tbe stations being pretty well ob- j tained, with tbe exception of Starling and i Banterer, which were on shore—the former on the south and the latter on the north bank— the Plover and OposBum weighed; the latter proceeded to clear away a passage through the iron stakes which composed the first obstruc tion. Two of these having been drawn, the Plover, followed by the Opossum, passed through them, and also a second boom which had been destroyed by the flag-captain on the previous night. On arriving at the second she attempted, together with the Opossum, to break through it, but without effect. Almost imme diately a single gun was fired at her, and directly all the masks were rolled up and a ■ tremendous fire was opened on the squadron, and the action became general. The Lee, by signal from Plover, passed through the stakes to the support of the Admiral. The Plover _ and Opossum were, how ever, soon obliged to slip, the fire being too heavy for them, and, followed by the Lee, dropped clear of the stakes at 3h. 15m. The j gunboat Plover suffered very much in killed and wounded. An officer was sent to the re serve to order np reinforcements, but the tide Bras too strong to attempt to pull up. The American flag-officer very kindly offered to tow ■ the boats up to a position to enable them to reach the gunboats. At 4.30, the enemy's fire having slackened considerably, orders were sent j down to the reserve for marine and naval brigades to prepare to land; and the Forester | and Opossum, together with the Toyewan, pro ceeded and towed them to the Rimrod, the place of rendezvous. At an early period of the action the Admiral had been wounded on hoard the Plover by asplinter in the thigh, and that vessel was almost entirely disabled. He •bifted bit flag to the Qpofgtus, Whea there ; he took liia station on the caboose, and from * tlience issued his orders until a round shot cut the mainstay on which he was leaning, and caused him to fall to the deck, a height of souie eight feet, breaking a rib and severely shaking him. After a short time he left the'Opossum in the Du Chayla's gig, and proceeded to the Cormorant, where he remained. At5.45the boats having assembled alongside the Nimrod pushed for the shore as near the stakes as possible, and opposite to the left bastion, about 600 yards distance from it. The landing here was com posed of mud about knee deep, and the greatest difficulty was experienced in getting up the scaling ladder and bridges. The marines and naval brigade, a small portion of which had only just landed, pushed to the front, under a very heavy fire from six guns in flank and in front. The fire from the walls, of gingals, rifles, and arrows, was also very heavy. So check had hitherto taken place, but here a ditch five feet deep and ten broad occurred, and the men having no choice plunged across, and thereby wetted their ammunition. A parly of some 50 officers and men again pushed on i | and crossed another wet ditch which took them within twenty yards of the wall. In the mean- i time Captains Shadwell and Yansittart, as also Colonel Lemon, having been wounded, the com- j inands devolved on Commanders Comrnerell and Major Parke. It was now about 9 o'el ck ' and darkness had set in. The position of the j landing party was most precarious, 50 officers j and men alone remained in the first ditch, and j about 150 in the second. Many had been , killed and wounded, and, with the exception of a small body 150 yards further back, no rein- j forcements appeared to be offering, and the men j already at the front were perfectly exhausted, ; and without dry ammunition or rifles fit for use. The officers in vain encouraged their men to charge to the walls, but it was ineffectual; the men were few in number and done up, and even if tbey had not been they never could have carried them against the thousands that | lined tlie walls. Under these circumstances the commanding officer dispatched an officer to the rear to ask for instructions, and the senior officer sent him back immediately with orders for the force to withdraw as no reinforcements could be sent. Directly this order was received the wounded were dispatched to the rear by twos and threes, and two hours having been , given them to get to the boats, the small ad- ' vanced party retreated in good order from the ditch, examining the ground in their retreat for any wounded that might have been over looked. Many poor fellows, alas, in the retreat fell to rise no more, but the wounded were saved and brought off. In the meantime the boats of the squadron under Captain Willes employed themselves in embarking the wounded and landing party, and at 1 o'clock or a little after they weie all off. The gunboats did their duty ably, and covered the landing party up to the latest moment it was prudent to fire, and shortly after, as a testimony to their hard-fought day, the Lee and Kestrel sunk, and the Haughty just managed to keep herself afloat till the morning, when she went down, but fortunately out of range. At 3 a.m. the Cormorant, with the Admiral on board and full of wounded, was so fast aground that it was considered neces sary to leave her, as she was right under the bat teries, and at daylight the enemy would doubt less concentrate their fire upon her, whereas, if she were temporarily abandoned, it was hoped that the enemy would cease firing on her, and the next night we should be able to get her off. For the same reasons the Plover and Starling, both immovably aground, were cleared of their crews. The morning of the 2Gth showed our squadron in a sad condition— hardly a gunboat but what was disabled. How ever, during the day the carpenters of the squadron were employed patching them up temporarily, and the Starling having floated, her second master proceeded in a dingey and cut her cable, when she drifted out of range with the ebb. Two night attempts were made by Captain Willes to recover the Cormorant and Plover, but without success. The Cormo rant's ship company having remained till 11 a.m. to endeavour to float her, a most terrific fire was opened upon her from batteries both north and south, and it soon became evident that she was sinking. Orders were therefore sent down to Captain Wodehouse ordering him to abandon her if he had no hopes. Her j ship's company and officers were embarked ac cordingly, but not before the water was up to the lower deck, and half an hour afterwards she went down head foremost. The same night fresh attempts were made on the Plover, but it was found impracticable as she was full of water, and gave no hope of her being able to float. At daylight the Kestrel—sunk on the 25th under the batteries-—was observed drifting out, and having been towed by the Janus into shoal water was eventually recovered. During the day the enemy got on board the Plover, over the mud, and saved us the trouble of destroying her by setting her on fire them selves, but not before a great portion of stores ; had been recovered. The next two or three days the boats of the Chesapeake were employed destroying the abandoned vessels as much as possible. I have no time to add more, as I hear a vessel is going to Shanghai. Pray let me hear from you 83 goon as possible. We shall in all probability remain in the Gulf till nearlv the last. Casualties before the Peiho forts on the 25th June, 1859:— . Killed—Lieut. Graves, B.N., Assistance, killed on shore; Lieut. Clutterbuck, B.N., Coro mandel,do.; Lieut. Bason, B.H., Plover, killed on board; Captain MeKenna, Boyal Begimeut, ditto, Plover; Mr. Herbert, midshipman, Chesapeake, killed on shore; Lieut. Wool ridge, B.M. Brigade, ditto, ditto; Lieut. Inglis, B.M., Highflyer, killed in boat. Wounded—Admiral Hope, severely; Capt. Yansittart, Magicienne, loss of left leg below knee; Capt. Shadwell, Highflyer, severe wound of foot; Capt. Willes, Chesapeake, slightly; Colonel Lenioti, S.M. Brigade, severely; Lieut. Purvis, K.H., Highflyer, severely; Mr. Burnis top, master, Banterer, slightly; Mr. Armita<m midshipman, Cruiser, severely; Mr. Powlet midshipman, Cambrian, severely; Mr. N. B. Smith, mate, Chesapeake, severely; Mr.- Phil lips, second master, Plover, slightly; Lieut. Longley, Boyal Engineers, ditto, severely ; Bev. H. Hulcst, Chaplain, B.M. Brigade, severely : Captain Masters, Chesapeake; Capt. Slaughter, B.M.Brigade; Lieut. Williams, B.M. Artil lory; Lieut. Crawford, B.M. Artillery; Lieut. Collier, B.LL Brigade; Lieut. Carrington, B.M. Brigade; Lieut. Smith, B.M. Brigade ; Lieut. Perceval, Fury, slightly. Total killed and wounded—British, 464; French, 4 tilled and 10 wounded, including Captain Tricaulfc (Du Ohayla), wounded in the arm. u-fPj8* Marine Brigade only—Officers, 1 killed, 15 wounded; sergeants, 2 hilled J3 wounded; buglers, 2wounded; corporals, 1 killed, 8 wounded; rank and file, 24 lnll«j 105 wounded; total killed, 28; total wounded! 143; total killed and wounded, 170.—North China JflteTtz July 9. Since our issue of the 9th the Hon. F. W Brnee and M. de Bonrboulon, the Ministers of i England and France, with their suites, have arrived in Shanghai; the former in the Coro mandel, the latter in the Du Chavla. The Ma gicienne and Assistance are gone to an anchor age off Chinhae, Kingpo, near Kin fang Island, where the British squadron will rendezvous to reernit the sick and wounded. The Hesper arrived yesterday from the Gulf on the 8th. i Chesapeake was waiting until the disabled gunboats were ready to ac company him to the rendezvous. The High flyer was to leave on the 8th for Shanghai, under sail, where she will take her station again as guardship. The Cruiser and two gunboats will remain m the Gulfi The American Minister was holdings communication with the Chinese official at a more northern entrance to the mi?* U expecte4 he wiil proceed to Pekin. ,, an5"^e arrived yesterday, bringing the mail of the 25tk May. She will llav! agun on Saturday morning at daylight, from Woosum. We hope to have our next number by her China Herald ready to transmit Horace Bumbold, Esq., and Le Comte j3ecretariea of the British and breach Legation, proceed by this mail with md*JulylTtteir 1681,601176 Governments.— 