MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A Ghost Story A respectable tradesman and his wife, who reside at Reading, and carry on an extensive business, about three weeks or a month ago were awoke from their peaceful repose by a most singular noise, of which they took no particular notice at the time. However, a few nights afterwards they were again disturbed in a similar way, and they were naturally seized with alarm, which was considerably increased by the noise returning twice ere the light of morning had entered their apartment. They were willing to attribute this disturbance to some natural cause, but after an absence of one night the same sound returned shortly after midnight, and it was heard distinctly three times in the course of an hour on each occasion appearing to arise from between the parties as they lay in bed, and is comparable to nothing but a death gasp, which continues a few seconds, and nothing is heard until the lapse of a quarter of an hour, when a deep groaning sound runs through the room. Another silence follows, but after an interval of perhaps half an hour, it is broken by a loud, shrill shriek, which startles those who had by this time become frightened to a fearful extent. A minister was sent for, and he slept in the house two nights ; the second night the noise was heard, but the cause was still a secret. In order that they might be perfectly satisfied that this strange sound was not caused by rats or any animal of that kind, the floor of the room was taken up, and the chimneys were examined, with a view of ascertaining if any member of the feathered tribe had secreted itself in them. Various measures were adopted to discover the means of this mystery, but all proved of no avail, and it was determined that on the night of Sunday week last Mrs. should sleep at the house of a friend residing at a village a short' distance from Beading. She accordingly retired to rest in an apartment occupied by two of her friends, but most extraordinary to relate, she, and the two persons who bore her company, were alarmed by the same strange noise in the dead of the night. It is painful to be obliged to record the fact that Mr. was compelled to take to his bed, and is now constantly attended by Dr. C-, who has pronounced his condition to be such that it would be dangerous that he should he visited-by any of his friends. Times. The Great Roman Wail-The survey of the great Roman wall which stretches from sea to sea across the counties of Northumberland and Cumber- land has just been completed, after some years of labour, by the surveyor Mr. McLaughlan, at the expense of his Grace the Duke of Northumberland. This really great national work, so munificently undertaken by this public-spirited nobleman, is remarkable for its painstaking accuracy. It gives us not only the direction which the road pursues, but also an accurate delineation of the ground over which it runs, and enlarged plans of the camps which dot its course, or are found in its vicinity. Some years ago such a work would have been found impossible, for our method of surveying was then too unscientific. Fortunately for antiquarian science, just at the time when the work was rendered possible, when the principle triangles of the Ordnance Survey had been scored upon the hills and plains of the North of England, it occurred to the Duke to project the enterprise, and engage Mr. M'Laughlan, who had long been engaged upon the Ordnance Survey in England and Ireland, to perfect the work. The survey of that part of the old Roman road called the Watling Street, stretching from the River Swale to the Scottish border, was the first of Mr. McLaughlan's labours. The survey, when completed, was presented by the Duke to the Archaeological Institute, who published it in 1852. The present enlarged and completed survey is comprised on five sheets, and exhibits the entire course of the wall, from Wallsend in Northumberland to Bowness in Cumberland, on the scale of two inches to a mile. Independent drawings are given of all the camps and other features of especial importance, upon an enlarged scale of ten inches to the mile. The entire length of the wall is seventy- - three miles and a-half and by the due study of the map, we may for the first time comprehend the skill which designed this great barrier to the north. Mr. M'Lauglüan has accompanied it with a memory in which he gives this results of his personal observations, all of much value, particularly as regards the Celtic etymology of ancient names Cumberland Pacquet. The Great Drainage Works and the Bank of England. Government have decided upon the mode of raising the large funds destined for the extensive drainage works which are now contemplated with a view to the purification of the river Thames. It has been definitively arranged that the Metropolitan Drainage Commissioners shall be authorised to issue bonds to an amount not exceeding three millions sterling, upon which Government guarantees 3y per- cent. per annum interest. The other parties to the arrangement are the Bank of England, who have agreed to take the bonds, in sums of not less than £50,000 at a time, at such periods as the Drainage Commissioners may require to issue them. In like manner the Coal missioners will have the option of redeeming the bonds, in sums of £50,000 each, whenever the >y deem it right to do so. The latter proviso will obviate the objection of those persons who, in the present state of the money market, might be jealous of the preference given to the Bank, and anxious to take a portion of the new Government securities. The Drainage Commissioners will have, in fact, an open credit of three millions at the Bank of England, which they may draw upon, or not, at their convenience. No other establishment could accord similar facilities upon so important a scale. The interests of the public appear to be duly consulted in the arrangement, since a work of primary necessity to three millions of souls will be facilitated, and no disturbance of the money market can possibly be occasioned. The money will be expended on the spot, and the entire transaction, considered in a pecuniary sense, will be kept within a very narrow circle. The advantages to the Bank of England are obvious. That establishment will be enabled to employ the surplus resources at a remunerative rate of interest in the safest possible securities, and they will, doubtless, in addition, have the keeping of the Commissioners' banking account. Ultimately, we must presume, as the proceeds of the rates which will be levied on the metropolis flow in, the bonds will be paid off; but this consideration appertains to the future. Express. TRADEOPHoNGKONG.--Inl856Hongkongcoutained a population of 71,730 persons, viz., 5-1,53 males and 17,199 females. The coloured race numbered 53,334 males and 16,664 females, and the whites 1,197 males and 335 females. There were 214 births in 1856, 3,625 deaths, and 168 marriages. The mine ber of schools was 16, and that of the scholars 516. The public revenue amounted to £35, 500, and the expenditure to £42,426-of this the police and the gaol establishment alone took £12,568 e, the judicial establishment, £6,059 ; works and buildings, £4,337 and roads, streets, and bridges, £4,274. In 1856 there entered 2,091 vessels of 811,307 tons, including 54 of 40,436 tons from the United Kingdom. The quantity of opium imported by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company's vessels was 20,508 chests, against 33,446 in 1855, and 46,765 in 1851. The treasure imported amounted to £2,231,998, and that exported to £1,316,228 (to India), and £2,897,702 (to Shanghai). 475 acres of land were under rice crops, and 40J under vegetables, the produce having been 44 tons of rice and 33 of vegetables. The live stock of Hongkong in 1856 included 155 horses, 469 horned cattle, 220 sheep, and 120 goats. The average prices of various articles were as follows viz., wheaten flour, £2 8s. per barrel of 196 lb. ; wheaten bread, 5d. per lb. ; homecMieasts, £2 15s. per head ; horses, £25 per head ; sheep, £1 per head ; goats, 10s. per head ; swings, 15s. per head; milk, 2s. 3d. per quart ; salt (for there is no fresh butter, 2s. 1d. per lb. ; cheese, 2s. 1d. per lb.; beef, 3½d. per lb. ; mutton, 1s. 3d. per lb. ; pork, 3d. per lb. ; rice, 11d. per lb. ; coffee, 1s. 8d. per lb. ; tea, 1s. 2d. per lb ; sugar, 5d. per lb. ; salt, 2d. per lb. ; wine, £2 10s. per dozen ; brandy, £2 10s. per dozen ; beer, 12s. 6d. per dozen and tobacco, 2s. 1d. per lb. (against 7d. in 1854). Domestic servants could earn in 1856 £1 5s. per Densem, and predial 15s. per mensem. The " Central," Beady-Reckoner.-Our readers are aware that the new standard of weight for the sale of corn in Liverpool and other markets, founded on the decimal principle, comes into operation on the 1st of February. To meet the difficulties which may be at first experienced in ascertaining the value of the usual measures of grain, meal, or flour (at every usual price) per cental (100 lbs.), the Association of the Liverpool Corn Trade have computed and published a complete list of new coin tables, which will enable buyers and sellers to communicate with all other markets where the old standards of weight or measure are still maintained. In the construction of the tables the price of the central is first given at 4s., and thence upwards, advancing a penny at each step, to 28s. and in parallel columns the price is stated for each of eleven of the weights most commonly used. Thus it is seen at a glance that corn at the given price, say of 12s. per cental (1001bs.),is worth 53. 4d. per bushel of 45 lbs. ; 7s. 2d- per bushel of 60lbs. ; 7s. 5d. per bushel of 60lbs. ; 8s. 4d. per bushel of 60lbs.; 13s. 5d. per cwt. of 1121bs.; 23s. 6d. per barrel of 1963. and 26s. 10d. per barrel of 224lbs.; and so on in proportion to the less or greater price per cental. At the end have been added the carr is sending prices from 4s. to 21s. 6d., of the ton (2,240lbs.), and of the 2,000lbs or 20 centals. Liver- pool Albion. Interpreters fob Japan The Government have not been slow in taking measures to turn to advantage the treaty concluded by Lord Elgin with the hitherto secluded empire of Japan. A corps of officials is being assembled, and will soon sail for that distant region. Among the corps are several young men who go out expressly for the purpose of learning the Japanese language, and studying the manners and customs of the people, so as to act as interpreters, and he otherwise useful to British subjects settling in or trading with that country. Whether by design or accident we know not, but it is certain one of the future interpreters has been brought from the heart of the Highlands, where the Gaelic language is spoken in its pnrity,-**»ÉMcH^ozu Gerald 