ENGLAND 'and NAPLES-, as ILLXTSTRA ' TIVE or PROTESTANT PREJUDICE. ' -' (Continued. ) ?- i: '? AVc'hnve two friends, a Neapolitan and an Enelishman, wl o nre apt to discuss the relativr worth -of each other's fntheriand, in kindly hut em phatic. language. Eiuh asserts the superiority of his owii nation in all the tender points of difference, and each seeks to BPcure his argument by striking at the weak points of his opponent's country. Per., haps ; wo cannot better effect our purpose in this article than b}' presenting such a conversation as ?would not be unlikely to occur between our friends,' were they present. Personally the Neapolitan, ?whom we slir.11 cull Dr. Gvmlterio Ciscranno, is no mean specin'cn. of pntririnn rank, fnnd of his facts ? anil full of native idioms, ami the Englishman, whom we shall name Dr. Horatio Seymour, is an honest type of John Bull, swollen with the importance of his country, and partial to national p-ejudices and household words. Both are honorable men, and neither is defieientin those intellectual acquirements befitting the true gentleman of the day. Let us ?uppose them fairly started with their subject. Dr. Cis. I admire that axiom, noble Seymour, which tells one to begin his charity at home. 'La prima enrita 6 1' aver cura di se.' Dr. Sey. But, surely, friend Ciscranno, you could not insist upon confining its benefits to 1iome;:.we should not keep all the milk of human ; kindness for our dairy, you know. Dr. Cis. Certainly, carry its benefits as far as ? theycaii'go after you have done all tlint was needed at home, ' per 1' amor di Die.' Dr. Sey., Now, granting that monstrosity at Naples holds its head over every thing dear to honor and humanity, is it not our duty as a Christian people, who' ' have their heart in the right place,' to interfere ? Dr. Cis. Why should I grant anything bo ab surd ? Even were it so, how comes it that mon strosity equally vast calls in vain for your inter ference at home 1 Non imputarc loro qucsto peccato. Hardly do you forbear placing all evil to the door of the Pope, or Naples; are your own monstrosities amongst the number ? Dr. Sey. But, my dear friend, there is now cer tainly nothing in ibis blessed country of England' nothing of ignorance, of vice, or of monstrosity — to repeat our phrase — which is a speck compared to the wickedness of Catliolic'oountries,. yo»rs being a chosen specimen. No, no, thank God, we have no »ueh occasion to play ' the good Samaritan' at home, and must not be thanklessly treated when wo do so for strangers. t Dr. Cis. Most excellent acquaintance Seymour, your people say they are fond of facts. You are yourself a matter of fact rain—' uomo positivo' — therefore call upon facts, and let us then decide — ' Ditemi il come ed il perelie.' Dr. Sey. I can readily tell you the 'how and the why.' As a rule, your Italians are a doltish, superstitious people, the natural result of Popery. Is not that ' treading on your toes,' by a way of a good beginning ? Dr. Cis. Have you not a saying in your tongue about a ' Tcnterden steeple being the cause of the Goodwin Sands?' Dr. Sey.. Yes; arid another about 'putting the saddle on the right horse.' Dr. Cis. Vcdiamo ! First then, sir, Italians are not, as a rule, either so doltish or superstitious as you English are, and if they were, Popery would have had no hand in it, and has no right to be charged with it. But to lie precise, how many people in Naples do you suppose need your interference, po litically or. religiously ? Dr. Sey. Very nearly every other man one meets. Does the shoe pinch, my friend ? . . \- Dr. Cis. Frottoh ! But to your estimate. ' Every ?other one' will be fairly taking lialf the population. D'accordo ! NowV since you have as many people «t home as four millions who need attention tmite as ?much as . the heathen, why trouble Naples or the ?poor thereof? Dr. Sey. Tour' millions'! heathens ! Go to, and make merry -with facts' and names -upon other sub jects. . Dr. Cis. My friend, I but borrow the 'fact' and the 'name' from a minister of your Protestantism, one Mr. Bruce, who said publicly at one of your conventicles; in the city of Bristol, that nearly four millions of your own countrymen were as destitute oj religious and moral training as men could be. And hese he properly called your home-heathen. Non * mia cnlpa. But he does not stop there, for he pro ceeds to remind you that the' blood of souls' will 'be ' in'your skirfs'— I offer you his own phraseology —if. the loudly-calling spiritual wants of these 41 home- heathen' are not promptly and fully at tended to. He has pointed to districts, in your coun try, where there are thousands of doltish, superstitious men -without means of learning anything of the name , of God. Is it too much, my friend, to wish yon to see after these neglected creatures of your own nation before you waste generosity on Naples or on its neighbors 1—Sono dolente di averne qfflitto. Dr. Sey. But Mr. Bruce must be under a great ?mistake. He is an estimable clergyman, I know ?nud he may be in error. I do not like that there should be any reason to think us, 'in face a 'lion, but in heart a deer.'' Dr. Cis. rAs for Mr. Bruce, to gll starb malleva dare. You can he his judge, for he comes to us with evidence taken from official reports sent to the Lon don ' Pastoral Aid Society' for 1856. I shall read one instnnco 'which his Bcrmon contains. Listen : ' I found this young woman very ignorant. She told me she had never been to church or chapel. She could not read, did not know who the Lord Jesus Christ' was, nor why he came into the world. She had never heard who made the world, neither could she tell. She did not know what was meant by prayer, and had never been taught to say her prayers.' Now, do you not take that to be warning evidence against flinging stones at Naples and Catholicity ? This, too, mark, is only one of a million testimonies. Basta ! Dr. Sey. It is not enough ; for although I know some bad cases, and think there are others worse not within my knowledge, still I feel you have selected an extreme one from the millions. At all events, yon need not apply the ' flattering unction to your soul' that your case is, therefore, any better. It is not odd or occasional instances of ignorance or cor ruption which have to be deplored in Italy, but villages full. Dr. Cis. Lo tiego 1 But not to be content with a mere denial of your assertion, as it affects Naples, I will undertake to show the falsity of your boast, as it concerns your own country.' Allow me to be a little prolix in this my present allusion. You can the better afford lo do so, since all that could have been possibly suspected of any country has al ready been said of my nation, and stands to your argumentative advantage; with, however, my sin cere anil indignant repudiation to confront it. Per haps you have not quite forgotten, for you then knew of the fact, that I visited a very Protestant 'own in th\i south of England 'some little while ago] Having seen all that my resident friends .had to how ne, an accidental acquaintance accosted, me and thus delivered himself, knowing me to be a Catholic and a foreigner- ' Shy we ought to be for ever praiseful for one blessing— this is not a Popish town. ? No, sir, we have not a priest within its bounds.and only a few straggling Papists to remind us that Babylon exists. God be thanked, we are free from Popery and Italian influence.' . My excellent friend, Horatio Seymour, attend to the moral which comes out of that man's words, when viewed with what I have to add ; attend to it, for he has but expressed narrowly what .you think of comprehen sively. Hear me on. The information which one of my local friends gave me I shall repeat as nearly as I can remember in his words. Thus he spoke : '? It is true that Catholicity owns but very few followers in this town; and has here neither church nor chapel nor prust. Protestantism has it all in what ever way it chooses. Now, how are matters here, think you ? Infidelity and Calvinism are the rival powers for ascendancy in things religious. Devotion is but a mockery, even of the Protestant sort ; and people go to church just for the name of the thing and be cause others go. Throughout all parts of the town and suburbs children die without baptism ; and there are many grown-up persons and heads of families who are to this .day unbaptised. All res pect for the sacrament has completely disappeared from the consideration of the mass, and they have come to look upon it as they do upon an operation practised on their dogs; in fact, the estimation in which it was held has not left any but a degrading trace behind ; for while the baptism of n child, when it does occur, is called naming, the naming of a dog is called christening. Bastardy is almost popular in this town ; at all events, it is en tirely shorn of its infamy. The crime of infanticide is one so commonly practised here, and so usually overlooked, that it ceases to wear the appearance of a crime. And as for prostitution, it has made itself a home so complete, that its olden shame has vanished, and it struts about with an air of successful effrontery, which shocks nobody except, perhaps, the few Papists. For the scenes of depravity, disgusting filth, and degrading destitution, which belong to parts of this town, I can refer you to a series of lotters addressed, by one of its ministers, to Prince Albert in 1854'. These letters tell truths which would make those who listened calmly to the horrors of Naples shudder, and the worst that has been imagined of Naples has daily fulfilment in this town.' ' There, my friend Seymour, is a specimen of your Pope-hating towns. Dr. Sey. But that is one town. We have others which see to their own condition so well, that they can do a trood turn and subscribe largely towards mission funds and. charitable institutions even for pour interests. Dr. Cis. Nay 1 that is sorry evidence, if I come :o look at it through the fact that this very town, it self a sink of sin, is for ever stirring its filth to abuse Popery, and for ever making subscriptions to propa gate the Gospel — its Gospel ! — in Naples and other sorely benighted nations ! Thinking on this was sad — a gran pena rite mi le lagrime. Dr. Scy. Notwithstanding all this, I am still con. vinced that the evidence of immorality, if I only knew were to find it, tells immeasurably against your Popish country. Without the figures, howeven I cannot ' hold you on the hip." Still, is there not enough in public rumor and the assertions of dis tinguished travellers to show how criminal and how ignorant, as a whole, your population is ? Perhaps this is not so extraordinary ; for not every person can ' ride the whirlwind and direct the storm.' Dr. Cis. Non vi tamo ! There are official returns within easy reach of both of us. It is necessary for mo, a stranger, to be always ready with facts ; for, though you be fond of them, yet you fear them, in cases like th's ; and we, foreigners, have no other arm to level at your confident assertions. Now, take the proven criminality of your country from the official statistics, and you find there is one criminal for every five hundred persons ; while, in my country, there is one for every eight hundred. In your country the class of crimes is such us to shock a Neapolitan, who, bad though his land may be, does not comprehend evil so great as your criminal statistics disclose. Even your neighbour, Ireland, comes out of the contrast of crime more favourably than England. Dr. Sey' Ireland ! murdering Ireland 1 where somebody is hanged every other day. Tush, we have ' the whip hand of Ireland,' Dr. Cis. And the thongs remain not idle ! But, hark ye, Seymour, does it follow that because there are more hangings in Ireland there ought to be so few in England ? Murder is not only more frequent in England, but more horrible in its character than in Ireland. Murder is seldom or never the effect of a sordid passion in Ireland ; it is hardly the effect of anything else in England. But, your remark has made me remember what a singular way they have of measuring relative justice to mnrderers in England as against Ireland. For example, out of fifty persons legally and rightly condemned to death in England during the year 1850, only six suffered the ' extreme penalty ;' all the others have since been transported, or otherwise mercifully .dealt with. Amongst the so spared, were mothers who coolly and shockingly strangled their grown up children, and wives who poisoned their husbands! Now, for the same year, Ireland had brought up for judgment sixteen persons condemned to death; of these, eight were promptly executed. There you have the proportion of 'hangings' made half for Irish criminals, and only the one-eighth with a fraction for England ! Is it thus fair to talk as if the fact pointed the other way in reason or justice? Dr. Soy. Your figures do somewhat astonish me ; and, when I change the charge, it looks like going ' from the frying-pan into the fire.' But, suppo- sing that it is not possible to ward off these facts, surely you will admit that your sins of bastardy beat us hollow? Dr. Cis. Ne dubito ! In your country the means of determining who are and who are not illegitimatei are not only imperfect but deceptive. Thousands of British born bastards are choked before they have time to cry ; and the roadside sinks of your country are the common grave for dead kittens and mur dered children. Do not say, it is not so, for no honest Englishman will deny the prevalence of in fanticide. These, then, -are not reckoned in the official list of bastardy, if any such there be. Add to these thousands the tens of thousands who remain unbaptised and unregistered, and tho other tens of thousands born of parents who think any marriage ceremony a mere superfluity, and deem their chil dren legitimate enough not to be called bastards. Now; excellent friend Seymour, when we consent to leave such items out of the cnloulalion, there can still be found figures from official somces to settle the vast difference between both countries to our credit. I find in the formal report made to the House of Commons regarding the poor in tho British Workhouses, that* in four years there were received 94,000 children described as ' legitimate,' and 66000 admitted to be ' bastards,' Apply the measure, thence derivable, to the whole country — partitamente — and for a moment, consider the enor mity of your sin in this very matter from which you would crave partial exemption. Dr. Sey. Rather say comparative exemption, Now, friend Ciscranno, to Naples, and you will have ' gone farther to speed worse.' Dr. Cis. Vi domando perdono ! Taking the city of Naples to be in this, as in all other matters, a fair reflex of the kingdom, what can I show you ? This: in 1854 the population was nearly 425,000, and the births of that year numbered 15,000; and of these, one hundred and thirty were illegitimates ! ?Is there need of more ? In Naples, or any Catholic country, it is not, humanly speaking, possible to escape knowing the true number of bastards; for, however otherwise bad, all Catholics eagerly long to have their offspring baptised, and no priest gives tho sacrament without ascertaining the legitimacy or not of the babe. Now, do not these facts, for Naples, contrast nobly with those you have heard for England? But, before I pause, let me say a word on the charge of our educational inferi ority. Naples has about seven million souls as its population. Six out of every hundred are highly instructed, forty of a hundred partially so, and the remainder more or less uneducated ; but there is not one in five hundred who is ignorant of God, or destitute of religious knowledge. Now, England contains nearly nineteen millions of the people. Of these, only one in fifty is at all educated, and those who are absolutely ignorant of all religious knowledge are, according to missionary statistics, one in thirty two of the whole population; ' Now I:by no means think that Naples is the most favourable specimen of what Catholic countries do or have done in the educational way; but there, is one, other feature it has, in common with all Catholic, countries,, worth your notice; as bringing the contrast I have made more completely out. A decided preference is given to. religious above all other instructions. As you Bible-quoters might say, 'first the kingdom of God, then all else is added.' 'While glancing at these statistics, pray let me anticipate other of your objections against a Catholic country, and your boastings of Protestant Britain. Here is the ques tion of sobriety or drunkenness. Do you stand out for sober England against 'drunken Ireland,' or 'boosing Naples?' Let us see. Your country eonsumes, annually, more than twenty-two million gallons of spirits, and Ireland less than eight million gallons. Is England twice as populous as as Ireland, or her capacity to drink and remain sober twice as great as that of- Ireland ? Account for it how you may, there is a disproportion in the quantity of spirits, home and foreign, con sumed respectively in England and Ireland, which :ells to the credit of Patrick's temperance. Then, ilr, there is a larger quantity of wine drunk in Eng and than in Ireland, the proportion of both popu ations considered. Seven million gallons go to make England merry, while Erin has to be jovial nth a sorry half million gallons. Of malt, Eng. land takes to herself forty-three million bushels every year, leaving Ireland to fatten as she can upon the spare bulk of one million and a half. Surely, excellent Seymour, the drunkenness of England must far surpass that of Ireland, since any one man of your country has at least three times more to drink than has ' drunken Pat.' Now, by way of opening another view in Ireland's tendency to a greater sobriety than England can, in fact, exhibit, I find that the quantities of tea and tobacco con Bumed in both countries do not figure so much out of all proportion with the numbers of tho people as do the quantities of intoxicating drinks. Another little statistical discovery I wish your attention to, is this : when England was Popish, in 1540, the num ber of public houses throughout the country did not amount to 8,000. During the reign of the Protes tant usurper, William of Orange, this number qua drupled ; it nnw has attained to ten times eight thou sand ! Scotland, which is only half as populous as Ireland, has 16,000 public -houses; while Ireland, with twice as many persons and all her faults, is content with two thousand less. Does the braggart Puritanism of Protestantism like this mass of ' damning proofs,' — glielo dirb infaccia. Dr. Sey. Thay certainly do not harmonize with my preconceived opinions. Believing them, my na tionality cannot ' die of a rose in aromatic pain.' I am somewhat thrown off my guard, and must needs fall back into the attitude of a questioner. Pray, since you have picked up more information about my eountry than I was aware of, can you speak of our filth in tones of disparagement? I have lost confidence, you see, and come to put my questions distrustfully. However, in this case of British purity over Italian filth, I may not dread serious molestation. Dr. Cis. Even there you are not above us — se ben miricordo. Have you forgotten already my allusion to a south of England town ? But, returning to your Protestant society called the ' Pastoral Aid,' I am in possession of facts. A clergyman, whose respectability is guaranteed by the society, writes thus in the annual report for 185G. Listen to him :— . ' Here may be found localities which a regard for reputation would almost/orftid one to enter. The savagism, the degradation, the dirt, the demonism of these localities, is more offensive and painful to the mind, than is the stench of their atmosphere to the senses' Has worse, in falsehood, been ever imagined of Na ples, than here is shown, in fact, of England ? Yet a little more ; and I beg you to consider it well, for ij . is from the same official source. ' Hell cannot be more foul or hateful to God than the district-through which I sometimes pass.' Listen to yet another par son in this report. 'The numerous cises ot juvenile delinquency daily brought to ? Police Court in Shoreditch, and in this very district, and close to the church, abun dantly prove the necessity of the early training of children in habits of honesty, respectful conduct, chastity, cleanliness, and, above all, religion.' You could without difficulty credit these things of Naples, where there is nothing of the sort ; but you will not suffer yourself to see them at your own door. Was over anything imagined of Naples worse than these facts, found in the report I hold, and have quoted from, by a Protestant minister ? Hear him '.— ' Three-fourths of the population are of the vory poorest class ; and seven-eighths of them living in a state of complete heathenism. Vice reigns all but universally over the people. Apathy — arising perhaps from the nature of employment— swearing, drunken ness, robbery, and Sabbath-breaking (comprising trading, gambling, and all kinds of games), are amongst the most prevalent vice, and, as a sure result, the social and sanitary wretchedness of the people is only exceeded by their moral and spiritual degradation. The most squulid poverty and fearful indifference to even external religion, meet one on every himd, requiring indomitable energy to enable one to move and work on in the midst of such a mass of depravity.' Ah, my excellent Seymour, set your own house in order, then come to suggest something as to the condition of ours. Offer a good example yourself — mettere alla ragione. Dr. Sey. I had a dream, it must have been no more, that we did set a good example., la truth, I thought of England, in these matters, as .if none but itself could be its parallel. What then has been 'the benefit of our Sabbath sanctity—what good ? Dr. Cis. Poco importo ! But your mention of the suhject guides my attention to facts in that direction which may show you the folly of your sanctimoni ous pretensions upon this very ' Sabbath question.' Again, I have a right to claim the greater indul gence for length of speech, as the repellant. Here is this valuable witness of the 'Pastoral Aid Society,' still at my elbow. It is unnecessary to go much out of the way for better proof ; therefore take a statement of another parson in this report:— 'Out of 120,000 souls, not more than 10,000 can go to church, if they would. What becomes of the rest ? They are practically ' without God in the world,1 — absorbed in all that concerns this life, its sins, its pleasures, its cares, its sorrows — so besotted with these, that they scarce ever think of, or prepare for, the next. They are surrounded by pernicious examples and temptations to sin on every side ; by gin-shops, beer-shops, and those worst of evils, cheap theatres, and saloons ; the bait, the resort, apd too often the ruin, of the young of both sexes.' You can scarcely deem that an agreeable token of the extent of your Sabbath sanctity. But here is another witness who tells a mass of painful facts in a few words — ' Vice and ignorance are growing faster than the population,' and ' thousands of immortal souls are going to eternity without having even the way of salvation pointed out to them on the Lord's day.' It is the fashion with you British Protestants to scoff at our Italian custom of making the after part of Sunday a period of recreation. For a moment waving the right to establish the truth and value of our habits as regards the Lord's day, permit me to remind you that I believe there is no part of Chris., tendom where the sanctity of the Sunday is po de graded as iri your Britain. Here is an evidence still from this parson's writing in this ' Pastoral Aid Society Report:' ' A poor butcher said ' Do you think I am a hea then ? I would be as glad to get to church on a Sunday, or a breath of pure air, as you ; but how can I ? Here I am in my shop till between twelve and one on Sunday. By the time I have cleaned rayseli and had dinner the afternoon is nearly gone, and what state am I in to go to church in the evening ? And then I must go to bed early to rise for Monday's work ; and in this way I live from year's end to year's end. Let all the shops be closed ; compel them to be closed, and you will give us all a fair chance.' ' The interests of trade txn with, you paramount. There are no emulative amusements for the Lord's day, but abundance of sordid rivalry. Here is an idea of the spirit which your sanctity fosters — la trovai per caso — it is from a ' parson's' pen in this report : — ' In one of my walks lately I met a child of ten or eleven years old, using the most frightful language, cursing and swearing. I immediately stopped to reprove him, and on my inquiring of.the other chil dren with him as to his parents, the lad significantly exclaimed, ' I dinna care for father or mother ; / tarn more than they.' Such is the thought and feel ing of very many.' And such is the principle, sunken deep into the nati onal heart, which so clasps it in a golden hardness, that it is dead to its own spiritual interests ; while it makes a show of pity for those who look on to des pise its hypocrisy, and offer what England does not — the fruit of a good example. Non voglia piil stendermi sopra lapresente matcria. Dr. Sey. Do you stop because the wheel of Fortune may not turn you over more widelyappli cable proofs than you have named ? for you know they could not be applied to all England. Dr. Cis. Perhaps not ; and yet this is a charity you would refuse to Naples, when you coma to take the libels against Catholicity picked up here and there, and then applied as fit for all Catholic countries. But, excellent Seymour, I can extend the application, by means of the census returns, which have already served us a little. Yon re member what was called ' Census Sunday,' in 1851. It was on the 30th of March. All who attended Protestant services throughout England on that day did not exceed six million souls, or not quite a third of the population. Dr. Sey. Six millions ! That in pounds ster ling is precisely the annual income of the Estab lished Church ; so that each Protestant worshipper who goes to church on Sunday stands for a pound a year — ' neither more nor less.' Dr. Cis. The numbers happen to coincide ; but those ' at church' on 'census Sunday' comprise Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Quakers, Jumpers, Jews, and all the minor varieties of the several tribes and sects into which Protestantism is split and splintered. You are aware that the 'Estab- lishment' itself does not count a third part of the whole population. Now it is my distinct belief, that of those ' at church' on this census Sunday, not one-third belonged to your ' State religion.' An other point it is well to look at, di volo, connects itself with the Sunday worship of London Catholics as contrasted with London Protestants. For the most part, your metropolitan Protestants take the liberty of spending their Sunday in riot or recreation, whether you recognise the practice or not. This would go to explain the miserable attendance, inpro - portion to population, which ' church-goers' offered to the census-officers on the 30th of March, 1851. One in every three hundred persons went to some sort of Sunday devotion; all the rest staid away. This, of the Protestants. Now, the reverse, or nearly so, is true of the Catholics, and ' I will show you why I think it; for the census return does not enter into details to guide me to any conclusion in that matter. There are more than forty Catholic churches and chapels in and about London. In many of these there are three masses on a Sunday morning; in some few there are more than three masses ; in the great majority there are two masses, and only very few, if any, are limited to one mass. Nearly all these masses are fully attended by devout congregations, the poorer classes flocking to the ear liest mass, and the easier circumstanced to the later masses. Some of these churches hold, conveniently, more than a thousand worshippers ; many have space for move than five hundred people, and the smallest would give room to three .hundred. Making the average of masses two, and taking the attendance of these on an average of five hundred, wo thus have the whole estimated Catholic population of London at its Sunday devotion ; and no one who has ever visited a Catholic chapel in London on a Sunday morning, will dispute the moderateness of this cal culation — ollrc ogni dubbio. Dr. Sey. Possibly so. ' Incredulity is the wit of fools,' but I shall not pretend to it on this subject. However, there is one feature where our superior en lightenment stands out to shame yours ? and this, by shirking the question, you have yourself virtually conceded. I mean the grovelling and dark super stitions which infect Catholics in ull places. Dr. Cis. -Non toccate quello ! It is a subject which will not aid your prejudices. But, if itbe ex posed, what then ? Allora cambierete di tuono of Catholicity— the idea is eminently false ; of a Catho lic people intensely untrue; but of some individuals or natives in ' Catholic nations it may not be im proper to say that they are superstitious. Is Catholicity .chargeable with this psychological defect? You may.. as well charge- our faith with the daily instances of tlie most revolting super stitions which spring to light in the least popish parts of your own haughty Britain. Perhaps you suspect not the presence of the grossest superstitions in the heart of Protestantism? Have you, then, so soon forgotten the murderer Dove, who wrote a sale of his soul to the Devil with his own blood ; and sought to justify the act by scripture quotations ? Have you lost all recollection of Harrison, 'the Leeds wizard,' who counted his dupes by the hundred, and openly promoted the interests of the direst immorality by means of 'necromancy?' Do you forget the case of the 'honest farmer,' whose wife was ill, and who went the other day to the nearest magistrate for a warrant against ' a witch,' who was popularly believed to be the occult cause of the ' good wife's' illness ? Do you re member what The Times, your true organ, had to say on the subject? I have a copy of that day's paper still. It was too good to waste ; and itnow comes well to fil this case. Are you ready ? for I am about to read passages here and there touching the supersti tions which you think belong not at all to the depth of the British heart. But there it is, with all the principles, maxims, and specialities of the woist times and places ; of the densest stamp, saith your Times, 'unimpeachable in antiquity, unimpaired in proportions, unadulterated in folly.' ? Do you wish a specimen of the more innocent features peculiar to your home-bred superstitions ? 1 will just quote a passage from this long and laboured article in The Times : — ''The most curious part of the statements now published consists in the evidence of the counter part traditions — traditions containing antidotes of witchery, which are hoarded and handed 'down like family recipes. In introducing one of these to the magistrate's' notice, the farmer observed, in a philo sophic tone, ' These, you see, Sir, are little schemes which go from one generation to another. There is always something to be learned out of the weakest and ignorantest.' The ' little scheme' produced on the present occasion, from this repository of lore, consisted in taking some hairs from the 'noddle' of the bewitched woman's neck, some par ings of her nails, and some nails from a horseshoe, putting the whole together in a bottle on the fire. When the bottle bursts, the experimenters look out of the window, and there the guilty witch or wizard will be seen standing before them. Nor was this the only counter- spell available. When the evil disposed person had been thus identified, there were means of getting rid of her very simply indeed. The impulse of the devil would drive her to the house she was afflicting, and it was only necessary to re fuse all speech of her to send her back to her own home to die.' I have another token of this national trait, which I must quote for the comfort of your prejudice. It comes from the same unobjectionable source, and has reference to the largest town in the north of De ' A young woman living in the neighbourhood of Holsworthy having for some time past been sub ject to periodical fits of illness, endeavoured to effect a cure by attendance at the afternoon service at the parish church, accompanied by thirty young men, her near neighbours. Service over, she sat in the porch of the church, and each of the young men, as they passed out in succession, dropped a penny into her lap ; but the last, instead of a penny, gave her a half-crown, taking from her the twenty-nine pennies which she had previously received. With this half-crown in her hand she walked three times round the communion-table, and afterwards had it made into a ring, by the wearing of which she belives she will recover her health.' You have doubtless seen the Times of the 21th of last October, and there noticed the ' modern incan tation,' commonly used by the ministers of your Bri tish superstitions. I remember the very words of it, for they were faithfully recorded before the Liver pool magistrates, who admonished the fellow Hen derson for deceiving some poor silly maid-servant, but said not a word about the incantation. Thus it runs: ' I do conjure, constrain, adjure, and com mand you spirits, Analays, Analla, Anacar, in tha name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, by Alpha and Omega, by Him who shall come to judge the quick and the dead, that,' and so on ; without trou ble I could pour upon your unwilling ears truths of this afflicting sort, but take these as samples. Lascio pensare a voi. Dr. Sey. The more I do think the more con founded I become. It is not a pleasant ordeal, ' the scales falling fiom one's eyes.' One word about your imputed cruelties. You see I alter my tone some what considerably. Are you people of Catholic countries, Naples being, if you please, still the mo del, so prone to treat criminals as savages, and make your dungeons in reality what ' old horror' des cribes them ? At all events, you cannot turn the charge against me in this question, for cruelty is no characteristic of a true Englishman. Dr. Cis. Be he Catholic or Protestant, I admit it, and claim the same character for my own country men, who are not tainted with that hue of Protes tantism which only ends in being anti-Catholic. But Naples and other Catholic countries are branded as tyrannic, and the reasons of fancy are less potent than I could point out, in fact, for the application of a more odious name to England. Were I ambitious of the condition of a political pri soner, there is no country I would rather suffer in than Naples or Rome, and no country I should more thoroughly dislike to suffer under than England, ex- cept, perhaps, Russia. This may seem strange,but itis a well founded choice. On the other hand, England would be the most favourable spot were I to be a mo ral criminal, and the worse my deed the better chance for my incarceration. You have not forgotten yet what the Irishmen who were convicted of political offences 1848 had to undergo at the hands of your pre tenders' to a clemency which they only show when it: is best to] conceal it. Do you recollect Frost, the 'chartist, -who had been transported?. Since his re turn from exile he has given the public the benefit of his 'experience.' I will quote — mi quodra. Having gone into some interesting particulars about the disgusting treatment which ' convicts' receive, Mr. Frost goes on to tell us thus : ' The flogging became perfectly furious ; from 600 to 2,000 lashes were inflicted in a morning, until the ground about the triangle was literally soaked with blood. I will venture to say that these terrible punishments were unnecessary. One of the regulations at Norfolk Island and Port Arthur was, that after the ringing of a bell no voice should be heard in any hut. A ship from England arrived at Norfolk Island. Some of the prisoners were sent on board ; on their return to the hut they were telling their companions the news which they had picked up from the crew. The watchman, hearing voices, commanded silence in a most authoritative manner. Not being instantly obeyed, he rushed into tho hut and attempted to drag some of the men to the cells. They refused to go, declaring that they were asleep. The next day all the men in the hut were sentenced to receive 100 lashes. 3,000 lashes were inflicted on that occasion. Much attention and long experience in the colony convinced me that the far greater part of the punishments had no other tendency than to degrade, to debase, and to brutify those subject to them.' Not to go so far off after the more hardened convicts, you have not quite let escape your memory the cruelties of Birmingham jail. But to linger no longer with instances of your own admitted atrocious cruelties, such as aro far short of those alleged against Naples, I come to tell you that little or nothing which public rumour lends to your 'popular prejudice' is true or like the truth. Here is Cardinal Wiseman's lecture on India. I know the Cardinal : is a favourite of yours, because he is ad mired by all honorable and intelligent men who are not afraid to confront truth or stand face to face with one of its most illustrious guardians. I will read a brief extract from this lecture trenching upon the very point/I have now been stating. ' If we read a statement in :one of the papers to day, that fifty persons, without trial, had been taken out of a Neapolitan prison and tortured to death, the whole country would believe it, without thinking it worth while to ascertain whether it was true or false. No doubt, as false as that would be, were it told to-day, so false have been the innumerable statements which have appeared concerning foreign monarchs, and the Holy Father, our Pope, in parti cular — just as false have been the .statements put forth, without remorse, with absolute contempt of known truth, with scornful rejection of any contradic tion, if sent. There was on the 18th of last month, 'uly 1857), an article in a well known paper, coolly and systematically prepared upon the Pope's present journey through his estates. It gave a nnmber, not of facts, but of statements, and concluded with the most vile, unchristian misrepresentation. Now, I take upon myself to contradict every one of these asser. tions. 'There appeared much about the same time in another public paper, a description, entitled ' Another of the Pope's Prisons.' It described a castle surrounded, as is quite true, by a moat, in a most pestilential region, where prisoners were dying like flies in the heat of summer, and where there were hundreds more of prisoners than it was calculated to hold; All or most of them were there without trial, and among them seventy political pri. soncrs, belonging to the first families of Bologna. I had occasion at some meeting to allude to this, and I could not help observing that in the course of a day or two the Holy Father would appear at Bologna, and be' surrounded, of course, by its nobility. I could give you the names of noble men who are supposed to be leaders of the liberal party in Bologna, and assure you that every one of them has had a separate audience of the Pope. And yet it has heen said that he would not see any of those who could inform him of the sentiments of that class ! This would have happened, according to the account referred to, with seventy members of ,, the nobility immured within ten miles in a noisome prison, without trial, for political offences ! Surely there is an incredible incompatibility in the two asser tions. Permit me here to assure you, that whenever in the pontiff's journey he staid, if only for a few hours, one of the first things he has done has been to despatch high and trusty persons to the prison of the place, to examine it minutely and' bring in a report of its condition. "I have received an official report in the hand writing of.the governor of that very prison, in which are stated the names and crimes of the prisoners. I can, therefore, assure you there are two, only two prisoners confined there for political offences, that is, for endeavouring to overthrow the government. There _are sixty-eight for murders, assassinations, robberies, incendiarism, or even brigandism arising out of political principles. As to Bologna and its supposed nobility, I have the names of all the pri soners from that city and its territory. The highest rank of dny one in prison, from that place, is that of a small shopkeeper, five are porters, and the rest belong to the very lowest trades and occupations. And, instead of seventy, there are just fourteen ! ' Such is a fair specimen of facts that are circulated to excite hatred against foreign governments, and make us justify ourselves in our encouragement of any insane and wicked attempt to overthrow them, or plunge their country in confusion and civil war.' '. Now, excellent Seymour, I have told you truths, and the way to truth is not always strewn with pleasant odors and charms. La strada alia Fortuna non é seminato di rose e di viole. Dr. Sey. Although there be in my prejudices that worm which never dies, he is not strong enough to take all the law of my feelings into his own hands. I am disposed now, when I see slanders on Catholic countries, to venerate the national motto, ' Honi soit qui mal y pense.' ( To be continued.) 