IN MEMORY, ifcc : The political obituary of the Melbourne journals announces with the most callous and unsympa thetic brevity the decease of the Constitutional Association. It has performed its mission, and has given up the ghost. 1 But what was its mission, and how far lias it been successful ? So. far as we could understand the objects of the Association they were to make one huge rotten borough of the whole of the colouy, and to palm off its own nominees upon all of the constituen cies, especially upon those of the country. It was certaiuly very kind of some dozen or four teen gentlemen to send, missionaries and mani festoes at their own expense to enlighten the J political heathenism of electors outside Mel- ? bourne. But, somehow, we are inclined to I believe that the Association has not been so successful as some of its associates would endea vo'ur to persuade us. One thing is very certain that while there have been > numerous instances of candidates repudiating the idea that they were the nominees of the Association, there has hardly been a single instance of a caudidate confessing that ho came forward,.with; the Constitutional letter of recommendation in his haud, and the Constitutional money in his pocket. To us it seems that this parody of . tli'e' Carl-' ton Club in London lias been 5 a ' doubt - ful success. "\Ve think it would puzzle the members' of the no iv defunct Association to l:iy their hands upon, any one of the lately elected members and claim him as their property, unless it be true that lliey have an .interest in some two or three of those gentlemen returned to the great amazement of the whole colony for certain of the Melbourne constituencies.? The fact is that the Association was a mistake from the first, There was something- suspicious and-mysterious about the way iu which; it was got up. It came into existence no one -save, the initiated knew how'; it was composed of no one knew whom; it .pretended to patriotism and j great public objects, but there was a strong odor of ihe squatting and land-jobbing element about . itit" published its manifestoes Anonymously; and, lastly, it; labored under the misfortune - of haviug too much money at its disposal; if all tales be true. By the way, what too has been done with the <£15,0001 How much has been spent, and whom or .what has the Association to | show for their money ! As the Association has been dissolved, we should like to know so, has any. money been returned to the subscribers, and will a balance sheet be published, and is there any chance of the private and confidential correspondence ever netting into print ? Wo fear that the public curiosity on these points is destined to remain unsatisfied. Y... In point of fact this1 political Association which was' started so"!pretentious and. patro nising was 110 more than the joke of a day (except to those who found the money)-a damp election squib which would not go off. The fact that the Association is formally dissolved is an event of'iio public interest,, (the world, will we. daresay, go on all the' same,j'and we should not have deemed it worthy, of notice were it not that one of the Melbourne papers aunounces that its mission lias been accomplished; an epitaph about as veracious as all epitaphs are. The Association has accomplished nothing; if it flatters, itself that it had an iufluence in cxcitinrr the generally Anti- Ministerial feeling evidenced by the result of the elections, it is most ludiorously mistaken. People in this country are not so ill-informed but that they cau judge for themselves. 'Still less,are they in the habit of taking their political, opinions secondhand from a central emporium.' . If anything bould have,given, the Ministry a chance it "was the fact that the Constitutional' Association was against it. The whole thing was au impertinent attempt upon the part of-a select few in Melbourne to dictate to . the electors throughout the country and the attempt has been resented as it deserved' to be. ... ' CMCKET.'--1We understand that the match which WHS to have come oil' on tlie 6th inst. be tween tlie Marongand Lo kwood Farmers' Cricket .MV"., tl,e F°""d of the latter is postponed until Friday, the 7th. 1 HUNTING EXTRAORDINARY.-A choice bit of scandal has givi-n S.ndhurst society something to talk about during the last day or two. Report states that a cer am gentleman, who of course must be nameless, on Sunday J.;st visited a hostel on- one of the creeps in the vicinity of Sandhurst and having dined and wanned himself with generous wine, in a luckless moment of forge ful ne s, ottered some attentions to the better half of mine host. These were so ill received as to lead to a scene in which our hero played any thing but a pleasant part. Having beat a hastv retreat, he was followed by mine host on hog back furnished with a B'ockwhip, in the use of which he showed he was an adept. Report fur ther states that the affair lias been compromised by a cheque for a handsome amount as a salve for the wounded feelinga of the spouse. TIIH TOOI.OOM GoLDriEi.D3.-Tho news from the loolnoni Goldficldo continues good. The last, escort brought upwards of 400 ozs. to Brisbane, and report says 2,000 ozs. remained in the hands .ot ijje diggers. 