! - TIÍE 'FOKTiÎCÔMÏXG"'irJîAS'UB,E OF PAR ¡ , - . : LIÀMENTARY REFORM. ; (From the 'Timen, 25th November.) TUT: present position of Parliamentary Reform is that of a triangular duel, in which Conservatives, Whigs, and Radical Reformers are the belligerents. There is, however, 'this novelty in the arrangements,-that the 'one who has the privilege of the first shot has imme- diately to receive tho fire of both the others. Lord Derby is now taking aim, right and left, at Lord John Russell and Mr, John Bright, with the unpleasant certainty that if he does not make sure work he will the next moment be between two fires. Perhaps it would be saying too much for either party of aristo- cratic reformers to suppose that they enter very heartily into the game. If tho country would go on without reform, and if either of the two great com- petitors for place and power felt he had a good lease of office for several years to come, the radicals might hold as many indoor and outdoor meetings as they pleased. The only enthusiasts are the outsiders, who have never yet seen anything of office but deputations and ante-roóms, or perhaps vestibules and hall porters, and who have nothing to do with the revenue except to contribute, and cavil at waste. Of course, even a high Whig or high Conservative would; not object to thc eclat of a grand measure like the last. It tells in history, in the annals of party, and-what is more than all—in tho family records. ''Lord John Russell" is now almost as great a name in the genea- logical tree as John; Lord Russell. Then certainly a good working measure that stopped many mouths and sent the whole topic right to thc end of tho century, would be worth a little trouble. But it takes neither prophet, nor ghost nor eavesdropper, to tell what both Whigs and Con- servatives would be quite content with, if the metro- polis and the great town would only be accommoda ting. We should have Schedules A. and B,-there 1 no- help for that,-but thc schedules might be very brief. We should have some very praiseworth; attempts to preserve some.of our' genteeler sort o small boroughs, like flies in. amber, in an envelope o agricultural parishes.' We 'slioulcl have some of ou very largest constituencies cut into halves, tutti som ol' our smallest bracketed ; wc should have all sorts c small ianev 'additions'to the constituency, particular! in cases where it' could be denionstrated that thc ad .ditton. w;ould make but little difference. We alic us remember tho tenacity with which certni pocket boroughs were preserved even through th fiery strife of 1S31 and 1832..- Could wc doubt th£ the.same paternal instinct will again show itself fe their safety ? Even supposing, however, Whigs an Conservatives on such vcty good terms as to agree o a niild measure of this sort, it remains to be sec whether it wotdd pass, or whether it would lay tl; question for moro than a. session or two. The state; men on both" sides are aware of this danger, so thc aro ready to go a good way, as old Homer say ".willingly, ; though with unwilling mind," from sense of duty and public as well as'party interest, In only half liking thc .work.- ,?.'??. ' Both ói'¿these parties have been.latterly very shy ? stating the principle's . on which they would ¡rotor Parliament. Lord John Russell had a measure some - time since, but he has let it drop quietly down; the stream of ., 'Lethe, r It would not . do now. ./Mr. Bouverie and Mr. Labouchere deal gently with the subject. Their suggestions hardly rise to the dignity of a supplement, and they are evidently anxious not to over-do Reform. Yet nothing would be easier than to state the main prin- ciples on which Reformers mean to proceed, whether they go far or hot. Indeed, it seems almost inevitable that No. 2 will proceed a safe and convenient stage further in tho same direction as No. 1. There should be no constituencies under one numerical limit, or exceeding another. For this purpose very small con- stituencies should either be enlarged, or associated, or abolished, and very large ones divided and sub- divided. A great deal may be done in this way without approaching what we believe to be a great delusion-equal electoral districts. The franchise should at least be placed within reach of everybody, so that if a man wants it, and thinks it worth a little labour and self- denial, he can acquire it. No doubt it can be extended with safety to a much larger class, both in towns and in counties. If pos- sible, whatever gives a man position, and presupposes education and character, ought to give him a fran- chise. With regard to some of the new franchises j proposed it may be fairly questioned whether they are worth thc trouble, or whether they will tell at the elections. Above all, we have to take into _ac count that all enfrancliisement is disfranchise- ment, and that all direct representation as far as it goes, destroys the indirect. The theory of our | present anomalous representation is that some very large classes are represented through employers i and natural superiors. Such is the case of our pea- 1 santry, whose interests are supposed to be in the | hands of country gentlemen and farmers. _ Both masters and men would bo virtually disfranchised by j a change which took in the small shopkeeper and tradesman, and left out the cottager. Still, something | must ¡md will be done here. As for the ballot and 1 triennial parliaments, both are, to say the least, un- i necessary. If any broad rule could be laid down that ! should at the same time tell us how far wc ought to j go in Parliamentary reform, ond where we ought to I stop short, it is contained in the simple idea of a re- i presentation. The theory of this country is that we I govern ourselves. In fact, there is a vast amount of i self-government, which goes through no forms except those of society. Here we all of us submit to custom, to etiquette, to the requirements of caste, to all sorts of understandings, and every species of unwritten law. "Wo take it that no one thinks it the legitimate object of a Reform Bill to upset all this actual order of things, to jostle the units of society into now relations, or to wipe the whole surface smooth and clean for a now scheme of local and private as well as public arrangements. The proper object of a Reform Bill can only be to represent more truly than is now done the existing state of this country,-not only its numbers, but its property, its usages, its social relations, its education, its actual influences, and whatever goes to make up the country. A populous city is a great power, and ought to bc represented ; but there are classes and positions which in this country have the in- fluence of great cities, and they also ought to be repre- sented. Twenty thousand householders occupying tenements into which they can just crowd their fami- lies, and depending on their daily toil for their daily bread, are a very important class, and should have same weight in the representation ; but they do not actually constitute the whole of a metropolitan borough, or even the most influential part. No reason can be given, either in justice or in expediency, why these twenty thousand should be invested with the absolute power of returning the members, to the utter exclusion of all tho classes above them, and by whom they are employed. On the other hand, a legislature ought virtually to represent the working class as well as the rest. This is the problem which received a satisfactory solution in the first Reform Bill, and is the safest and most comprehensive rule for the second. Such is the only way of. approaching this difficulty if the object is to do the work well and produce an honest measure. It would not be an honest measure that merely afforded a ' pleasant surprise, and then left things really no better than they are now. It would not be one which, under the cover of some specious reforms, left as many pocket boroughs and as many responsible householders unrepresented as there now are. Nor would it bo an honest measure that con- verted the House of Commons into a mere delegacy of the least responsible, least interested, least indepen- dent, least educated, and inevitably the least political class of thc country. The experience of the last 30 years lins proved that the old doctrine of our triple government—Monarchical, Aristocratical, and Democratical—has- a deeper significance than its propounders used to imagine. It is the character not only of the government but also of the people, and the events which have overthrown other governments and disturbed tho social balance in other nations have only brought out the deep basis of our own institutions. Any attempt to create a purely dcmocratical government here would. only create a gulf between it and thc nation, which is not, and never will be, purely democratical, or substantially different from what it is now. It will then, wc be- lieve, bc vain to attempt either such a " perfect " measure as would alone satisfy open- air Reformers, or that something just short of perfection to which Mr. John Bright has brought down, his loftier aspirations. It will not do to tear the existing Charter of our Repre- sentation into pieces, and throw it into the fire, with nothing to go upon but some untried theory. We must proceed on the basis of the existing Reform Act, which is evidently not such as would' have been passed in 1858, if Sir Charles Wetherall, Mr. Croker, and the Duke of Wellington had succeeded in putting oft' thd crisis to this hour. The Act must be brought up to the present time, when some of the populous constituencies created by it have almost doubled, and when it has boon also proved that populous constitu- encies do not return very dangerous men. .As we are not in the secrets of any leader, we can only suppose that Lord Derby sees things very much as wo do, and as everybody must do who wishes really to reform the present representation, but not to throw it away and substi- tute another for it. Ile knows what "the country wants and what alone will carry him through the next session mid keep him in power. It has, indeed, been maliciously rumoured that, finding delusion im- possible, our Ministers contemplate thc bolder, but not less insidious, game of an extreme and imprac I ticablc measure, such as our. Constitutional Wliigs cannot in honour and common sense consent to. Thc I mensure thrown ' out, of course there would bc a period of confusion, and this confusion might possibly ! bc fatal to tho question of Reform for a com- fortably long term of years. Something else might I intervene, and . in the meantime Conservatives might always point to what they would have done liad thc Whigs permitted them. This, however, is a perilous game, and even Lord Derby must feel too strongly thc responsibilities of Iiis position and the obligations of a promise to bring out a measure simply outbidding Lord John Russell or some other Reformers. What- ever the bill, it is of the first importance to all that it should bo ono to pass in one session. A succession of bilLs, with changes of Ministry, going on from ono session to another, must result in a larger and stronger measure than cither party would have desired. YANKEE RAILWAYS.-Thc Money Article of a late number of thc New York Times contains an article upon the contemplated foreclosure of a Western rail- way, from which I make a short extract, without, however, cither endorsing or disagreeing with its opinions :-'? Tile Marietta and Cincinnati Company, who had hurd work to open their road before the crisis, have been further embarrassed since in meeting thc interests on its mortgages, most of which arc held in Europe. In this emergency Mr. Powell, of London, of thc highly respectable firm of Haseltinc and Powell, who have had much to do with American securities, come out to Ohio, and, after thorough examination, rctiu- iicd home, prepared to submit to the bondholders the best moans for rendering the mortgages secure and the road itself remunerative, at least to the extent of its funded interest. His plan, we understand, con- templated no abatement from thc face of thc mortgages, and no additional' outlay not fully secured by lien on thc work -necessary to' complete the connexion with thc Baltimore and Ohio North-Western brunell at Parkersburg. The whole advances to this object were to be of less than 10 per cent, of the original mortgages, or_ about 400,000 dollars, tho two mortgages being 4,500,000 dollars. No foreclosure or other legal proceed- ings against thc company were contemplated. But on reaching homo Mr. Powell found that rt most extra- ordinary circular had been issued hi French to the continental bondholders by an American, dating from ' SI-,' G reat George-street, Westminister, London, ' proposing that foi thc consideration of 10 per cent, commission on 450,000 dollars, he would undertake to forclose the mortgages, not at por, hut after thc rate of 80 cents on thc dollar of thc first lien, and 70 cents on thc dollar ' of" the second lien, and pay all legal ex- penses. . Tho last item' being about one cent on the dollar of his own .commission,' implies a degree of liberality which the bondholders arc expected to ap- preciate, since their trustee in Now York_a well known irreproachable banker-might possibly run up a bill of expense exceeding 6000 dollars, in foreclosing "" at a hundred cents on the dollar !" This is not the - Í only Western railroad that gives thc bondholders troublcintheforeclosureofitsmottgagcs. Constructed in thc days of expansion and under : promises of large . returns, all the leading Western lines are staggering . under a load of capital larger than they can carry, and cannot be restored to healthy action until depleted by reduction. The most pressing part 'of the load is naturally the floating debt due on the line of the road to rmp'oyês, contractors, and persons who have supplied . materials. Next comes the general floating,dcbt, held . partly in Western banks, partly in the Eastern banks, and partly by dealers in notes : then the bonded debt, in the order of priority. When tho curb, ,comes, so that no more money can be borrowed to pay dividend, or to absorb in construction, tho blow naturally falls first upon the shareholders, who are in possession. They save themselves for a while by letting their ac- . ceptances go to protest ; then thc wages of the employes fall in arrear ; and then the bonds go to protest. Some of the bondholders next get restive, and protfose a committee of examination ; but the local creditors, who are on the spot to protect themselves, manage to get possession of the road, and persuade those whb'are disposed to press matters to wait a little longer.By ' this time it is pretty clearly demonstrated that'the . shares are worthless, and perhaps a sale is made to get them nominally as well ns really out of the way. With the change of management, however, there is'no change of policy. The bondholders are no better'off. They neither get their money nor any intelligible account of the earnings, and when any one discon- tented bondholder undertakes to move he finds it next to impossible to make an effective combination for protection. One holder wants further information, another is afraid that he shall pay more than his quota of the expense. While the combination is making, those in possession are enjoying the earnings of the road ; and when it is made, if after long litigation, they succeed in getting a decree for possession,'they find a new set of unpaid employe's clamouring for im- mediate payment. These must be at once provided for -for the bridges, the station-houses, the cars them- selves are constructed of inflammable material, and there is no police on the pairies that can- prevent outrage, whatever it may do toward punishing it. The ' same considerations make it policy to consult all the local interests in the reconstruction of the capitul ; and thus, while the interests of the bondholders "demand a reduction of capital, it iè almost impossible to make such a reduction without taking the local debt into account. This difficulty has been felt on several of the Western roads where the trustees are foreclosing the'mortgages.-Times. DEATH OF DR.BRIGHT.—We regret to announce that Dr. Richard Bright, the eminent physician, died yesterday at half-past twelve o'clock, after a short illness. The lamented gentleman received patients and was out in his carriage on Saturday last, after which he complained of indisposition, and re- tired to his chamber, which he was destined never to leave again alive. The deceased was the third son of Mr. Richard Bright, of Ham-green, Somerset, and was born in Bristol, in September, 1789, so that he was in his 70th year. In 1816 he was admitted a licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians, and was shortly after elected assistant physician to the London Fever Hospital. In 1820 he confined his public duties entirely to Guy's Hospital, of which he had been elected assistant-physician, and continued to discharge the duties of that office till 1851, when, on the retirement of Dr. Laird, he succeeded him as physician of that institution. For some sessions he lectured alone, and afterwards associated with him Dr. Addi- son. In 1832 he was made a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, and the following year was ap- pointed Gulstonian lecturer, and in 1836 chosen one of the four censors, the late Drs. Paris and Chambers and Sir H. Holland being his colleagues. The late Dr. Bright contributed largely to the advancement of medical science by his various books. His works on dropsical affections have a universal reputation, and have been translated into all the languages of Europe. He was greatly esteemed by the members of his pro- fession. He was physician extraordinary to the Queen, was a fellow of the Royal Society and several other scientific institutions. He was twice married; first, to Martha, youngest daughter of the late Dr. Babington; and, secondly, to Miss Follett, youngest daughter of Mr. Bryant Follett, of Topsham, near Exeter, and sister to the late Sir William Follet. The following diplomatic announcements were made in the Gazette of December 14 :-Lord Napier to bb, her Majesty's. Envoy Extraordinary and Minister, ." Plenipotentiary to the King of the Netherlands ;'. Lord Lyons to succeed to Lord Napier's post at Washington; the hon. Peter Campbell Scarlett, C.B.,' now her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Emperor of Brazû, to take Lord Lyon's former post in Tuscany ; tho Hon. Francis Re- ginald Forbes, now her Majesty's Envoy Extraordi-. nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of , Saxony, to be successor to the Hon. P. C. Scarlett:'.-." and Augustus Berkeley Paget, Esq., now Secretary.to her Majesty's Legation at Berlin, to be her Majesty's! t Envoy and Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary. to the King of Saxony. 