FINGAL GOLD FIELDS. A Lecture on the Fingal Gold Fields and the mode, means, and material re- quired fully to develope them, was de- livered at the Theatre Royal last night by Dr. Otway. His Worship the Mayor presided. The Platform, Boxes, and Pit of the Theatre were filled with an assembly of our most influential citizens and trades- men, and the lecture was also attended by a large number of ladies. The Lecturer expressed his satisfaction at seeing so numerous an assemblage, and that it seemed that the sine qua non for this Colony was, Gold, Gold, Gold; and having referred to his visits to various parts of the world, said he had formed a conclusion that the parallels between which gold was ever found passed through this Colony. (Cheers.) He came here as a stranger, but received so kindly a welcome, and had experienced such generous treatment as would bind him to them for the course of his life. (Cheers.) He was but a simple digger, but was afraid he must call them a lazy set with regard to the Gold Fields. (Cheers.) He was satisfied that the auriferous district of this Colony was not confined to Fingal, and that there were here Gold Fields as rich as in California or Victoria, or as any other Gold Fields in the world, but they must excuse him if he told them some home truths to arouse them from their sloth. Dr. Otway here drew a rough sketch of the Esk and its tributaries, pointing out the different reefs on the N.W. portion of the Island, and said the whole of that district was auriferous, and that from the Bay of Fires to Ben Lomond, and he had travelled through the whole of the eastern district, was with little exception also highly auriferous. He then mentioned the names of various parties on the diggings, mentioning that Jenning's party was getting from 1½ to 2 ozs. per week, but he said before they came upon the heavy deposits they must get down to the de- composed granite, and to do this they must demand the countenance of every man in Tasmania. Talk of want of em- ployment, there were many who went about pretending to look for employment, praying at the same time that they might not find it. (Laughter.) The district to the southward of Teasdale's Claim was highly auriferous, and he was sure there was sufficient gold in the bed of the Esk to pay for its diversion. Near Mr. Sutherland's was a most available field, but it required the strong arm and men, who, like him, did not believe in "I can't." There were many on the Gold Fields quite destitute and without tools, and a meeting had been called at the Nook, at which one gentleman promised a ton of flour, another three tons of potatoes, and so on for ra- tions, so that he would be enabled to give any of them good rations who would come up. (Loud cheers.) Those who came, if they worked would get good wages, but if they did not, he should soon start them, but good wages could be got, for the Gold Fields of Fingal were un- equalled in richness. They had a capital of wealth but they wanted a capital of thews and sinews. Dr. Otway next ex- plained that by puddling or sluicing great results could be obtained, in the localities he pointed out, and said the land between the Esk and the Tyne, was also auriferous, and so also were the reefs to the great bend, and he knew that these reefs must pass within 20 miles and to the eastward of this place. The Gold was found always between the great meridi- anal bands running from North to South. He invited all who felt inclined to come up to his camp at the Nook, and if he could not give them money he would find them work, and give them a piece of damper as big as a coach wheel. (Laughter.) He next referred to the Malahide Estate, and the land to the westward of Killymoon Bridge, and said that he not only found gold but other minerals also, particularly in the Saint Patrick Ranges, but they were too lethargic to develope their auriferous wealth. He next proceeded to show by diagrams the position and work- ing of the claims of the Southern Tas- manian Company, and the situation of an auriferous valley 800 yards in length, and 500 in breadth, descending to the south. He did not look upon the South- ern Tasmanian Company, as the Com- pany of a day, but he looked upon it as the lever to move the whole Island to prosperity. (Loud cheers.) He did not wish for a richer vein than the one he had struck. (Cheers.) He had the pleasure to announce that he had been honored with a commission to find a har- bor on the north-east coast, for the com- merce of Hobart Town, (cheers), and he would find one if he did not become a ghost. In a short time he would send down his report to that great moral engine the press, and he hoped they would not let the excitement die away and fail. He was not a prophet, nor was he the son of a prophet, but he could prophecy that, if they encouraged literature, art and science, if' they encouraged morality and virtue, and the establishment of schools, the noble country which God had given them, Tas- mania, would become to the Southern Hemisphere what England was to the world. (Loud cheers.) Let them do this, and expunging their motto of "Advance Australia !" take up the motto "Excelsior !" and be the first, and not the last in the great race between the Colonies in the Southern Hemisphere. They had wealth, they had energy, they bad enterprise, but their energy and enterprise were asleep, still he trusted that this would not long continue, and that they would all unite and put shoulder to shoulder when he had the pleasure, which he hoped to have shortly, of sending down to the Southern Company the first nugget of Gold from their diggings. (Loud cheers.) The Lecturer concluded his lecture amidst much cheering. The Mayor, Chairman of the Company, moved a vote of thanks to Dr. Otway, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. Lewis then acquainted the Share- holder's that the machinery lately im- ported for the Company would be in full operation at Clarke & Davidson's yards on Saturday, previous to its removal to Fingal, for the inspection of members of the Company, and that tickets of admis- sion would be obtained at the offices of the Committee. (Cheers.) Dr. Otway briefly returned thanks and the meeting separated. 