BRITISH AND FOREIGN GLEANINGS. SlttLKD MaSKSKB* IK THE ATJSTRIAK Aemt.-t The Uhivert alludes to the great loss of French officers in the late engagements in [taly, and points out the cause of it : — ' If our information be correct, tno Austrian army, in addition to its regular battalions of riflemen, has in each infantry regiment one or two com panies of skilled marksmen, armed with rifles, who are specially charged to fire on officers. Ihese companies give the Austrians an advan tage over our troops, and appear to us to ex plain our loss in officers. A colonel on horse back at the head of h'u regiment, or a major on horseback at the head of his battalion, are at 1,000 metres positive targets for these riflemen ; if they be not hit at the first shot, they are at the second, or the tenth, or the twentieth— they must necessarily succumb. A French :olonel of infantry runs therefore greater :uances of death than an Austrian colonel of the same army, the latter not having to dread tho rifled musket which our regiments of the line do not possess. But plain common sense indicates that a remedy should be provided for she evil Why should not the custom of placing colonels and majors on horseback be modified, Binco tho new arm3 moke it too perilous ?' The Legiok op Honoue.— The Moniteur ranounces that by a decree, signed by the Emperor ou the 4th, at his head-quarters at N'ovara, a chef de battaillon, a captain of the 3rd Zouaves, and a chef d'escadron of the 2nd regiment of Chasseurs, have been raised to the rank of officer in the Legion of Honour; 42 ifficers, non-commissioned officers, and privates n the 3rd Zouaves nominated to the rank of knight ; and the military medal conferred on 38 non- commissioned officers and privates of :he 3rd Zouaves ; on three privates of the 2nd regiment of Chasseurs — all for distinguished xmduct in the combats of Palestro and near Novara. The rewards for tho battle of Magenta, which will necessarily bo much more lumerous, wjU probably be made public in a uw days. Bujioubed Visit op Her MJussir to Iee laxd. — The Limerick Chronicle announces, on srhat authority is not set forth, that tho ' Queen's visit to Ireland is certain. Her Uiajeaty will bo at Kfl'amey next August.1' A Phojbcted. Balioon Thip Aoeoss the ItIiANTic. — The Lancaster (Pennsylvania) Express says that Mr. Wise had made arrange neuts with responsible parties in New York 'or some extensive and important aeronautic experiments this summer. He will soon leave or that city to make the necessary arrangc nents. One of these experiments is to be lemonstrative of the practicability of crossing .he Atlantic with precision, within a duo course rom west to east, and within the parallels of wo degrees, and will consist in tailing from it. Louis to the Atlantic seaboard, at a point )etween Baltimore and the city of New York. Another is the propelling and. guiding of the -alloon with fan-wheels and rudder. He is ilso to test Mr. Page's plan of directing the )alloon, which was patented some weeks ago. The Comet op 1859. — This new comet, liscovered by M. Tempel at Venice, about the -eginning of April last, has been obsei /ed at Elomo by Father Sccchi, and at Paris by M. Z. Von Villarceau. It has been rapidly ap iroacbing tho sun, and but a few days ago was mly about 8,003,000 of leagues from it. Sinco :he 29th ult., however, it has begun to recede it tho rate of 2,000,003 leagues in 24 hours, or 21 leagues per second, being a velocity at least 200 times greater than that of a canon-ball, fbb velocity ia, indeed, gradually declining; nevertheless, enough of it remains to carry the romet to a distanco of 36,000,000 of leagues from the sun. As to tho distances of the comet from the earth, its nearest approach, which occurred on the 24th of April, was to within 26,000,000 of leagues. At present its distance ii about 42,000,000, and by the 30th of the present month it will be 49,003,000 of leagues distaut from our globe. — Atheneeum. The Attobnby- Gesbkai. — Sir Eichard Bethell, the undoubted leader of tho English bar, has consented to return to the position of Attorney-General. As the first law officer of the Crown under the former Palmerston Administration, he was justly entitled to claim the honour and dignity of the woolsack. But his presence in the House of Commons is in some sort a political necessity. Who is there in that assembly who could worthily fill his place ? But a great principle — far beyond that of personal ambition or of illustrious merits, however universally admitted — was in volved in the decision of tke honourable and learned gentleman. The bar might have had just reason to complain if Sir Eichard Bethell had permitted that rule to be departed f-om which virtually declares that the Chancellorship is a great political office, the reward of those who have zealously and ably laboured as law officers of tho Crown in the House of Commons, and who by their position at the bar have been admitted to be fully competent for the duties of that high and distinguished office. Lord Campbell having long ago accepted a seat upon the judicial bench, and having retired from the arena of party politics, had no right to aspire to the Chancellorship. The privileges of the bar were, however, perfectly Bafe in the keeping of 8ir Richard Bethell. He could not have re fused to serve under Lord Cranworth, his former legal superior ; but the question having arisen, he is understood to have taken the advice of four of the most distinguished of the law lords— Lord Brougham, Lord Cranworth, Lord WenBleydale, and Lord Eingsdown, and upon the'r unanimous opinion he decided, considering the eminent position which Lord Campbell has long occupied, that the rights of the bar would not be injured :e he waived his own personal claims, and agreed to serve in the subordinate but still highly responsible office of Attorney- General. The public may regret that so great a lawyer and so able, consistent, and enlightoned a law reformer, should be com* pelled temporality to stand aside from the highest prise of the profession, simply because tho liberal party possesses no other member so worthy to fill the office of Attorney^GeneraL The constitution of a strong Government is the great present necessity, and to this end S'r Eichard Bethell has contributed with equal honour to himself and benefit to the country.— Tbul by Jubt.— Mr. Baron Bramwcll pre sided on Monday evening at the ordinaiy bi monthly meeting of the Juridical Society, held at their room in Trafalgar-square. The sub i«-t for discussion was Trial bv Jury, and Mr. Best opened the proceedings witn a Bpeecn oi some length. One great source of error con lectedwith the subject lay, he conceived, in jersons misunderstanding the nature of the tribunal. Strictly speaking, 'trial by jury' [id not exist — the common law contemplated a, trial by 'judge and jury,' in whioh the judge ietermraed the law and the jury the facto. There was in such an arrangement an, immense adyantage-rrit gave the public the benefit of a compound tribunal, partly fixed and pa.rtlv casual, partaking of the advantages of both these forms. Criminal or oivil juries were at tacked on the ground that they frequently gave erroneous verdicts j but judges gave quite as many erroneous decisions on questions of law, and yet never spoke of abolishing them. In truth, the decisions of judges and juries were, generally speaking, in the right, corruption and indecision being the exception. No doubt there was much room for reform in the work ing of the system, the mode of returning juries, &£. ; but the hour of its abolition would be an evil one for the people of this country. The Chairman observed that the question ijad been well opened, and after some discussion the de bate was adjourned. A SnrauiJja Biquxst.— At the weekly meeting of the directors and guardians of the poor of Mai/lebone on Friday, it was an nounced that Mr. William Kensett, the well known Marvlebone reformer, and who died of cholera ia fans some three or four jean since, has. left by-wilLa-suai of-20-gameas-eacato the Marylebone Ahnshouses and th* Christehurcb National and Infant Schools, which Had bean paid to those' institutions. The following extraordinary, request was also made in his will :— In the first place, that h,is body shouldi be given up to one of tho^medical schools of the metropolis for 'dissection, and that his bones1 and remains should then be handed over to the Imperial Gas Company^ to which company, on condition that they consumed- them in one of their retor Is, he is stated to have bequeathed the sum of £10, . . = The Gebai Clock Hoxra Bsn.— Mr. Walesby,. of. Waterloo-place, writes to ns: 'The newspapers stated some months ago that the new great bell for the Palace of Westmin ster had ocen tested at the foundry and pro nounced satisfactoi/. Since therj,, however, it has been fixed in the clock tower, and I must lay that the sound which it gave out during last Saturday afternoon was a failure — wanting in gravity, power, and solidity of tone. This may be attributed to the following circum stance. The bel ?,. instead of being attached to a ' stock ' suspended from the beam, and thus allowed in some degree to Bwing, or to recoil from a blow' of thet hammer or clapper, is rigidly bolted to the large iron beam, so that it has no play, and the consequence i3 its vibra tions are intercepted by the mass- of iron by whioh it is supported ; hence a comparatively faint, instead of a loud and sublime, tone is produced.' ' The Nrvr Law o?..Ditoboe.— A series of returns detailing the operation of the Divorce »nd Matrimonial Cause* Court have been printed, at the instance of Mr. Ayrton. It appears that the total number of causes filed jince the 11th of January, 1858, was 400. Petitions for dissolution of marriage were pre wsniea to tne number. ot 3UZ, of winch 186 irere by the husband, and 116 by the wife. 3f these 37 were decreed and six refused. The lumber of undefended cases were 144 ; and ;he number of days occupied in hearing peti ions was 70. The number of cases now set. lown for trial is 139. The number of peti ;ions presented within the same period praying or judicial separation was 108. Of these nine raly ware presented by'the husband, and 99 jy the wife. - Decrees were pronounced in 29 Jases and refused in three. Ten petitions for lullity of marriage were also presented' in the proportion of ; three from the wife and seven rom the husband. Of these one appears to lave been refused, while the return is silent jvith regard to the fate of the others. Fifteen petitions were presented for the restitution of lonjugal rights. Of these five were presented -y the husband, and ten by the wife. Decrees Tore pronounced in three cases, and in one the petition was refused. The number of unde fended cases was two. Me. Spr/BGEON OX PtTLPIT OeATOET.— In ;he course of a sermon preached by Mr. 0. Spurgeon lately at Trinity Chapel, Brixton, ;he reverend divine remarked that 'pulpits nust have been first erected by Satan, for it lever could have been intended that a minister tvas to be stuck up a pair of stairs in a square box to preach j it would destroy tho eloquence jf the most distinguished advocate at the bar to stick him up by himself; and so it did with ministers. He preferred preaching the Gospel with his congregation mingled around him.' GBnroiiKB and Indevotiok at Chuech, — On Sunday, June 12, the Eev. W. TJ. Richards, incumbent of tho new ohurch of All Saints. Margaret- street, took occasion in tho course of his sermon to pronounce a severe censure upon the existing mania for dress. Tho rev. gentle man had previously been insisting on the neces lity of devout attention to the worship of God. Would that he could persuade himsel* that none of those he saw before him had come to church to gratify a mere idle ouriosity. Only the day before, while the most Bolomn part of Christian worship was going on, he saw a per son walking up and down gazing at this object ifld at that, and comporting himself altogether 13 if he had been at a museum or a picture gallery. And that morning be had seen others sitting and lolling through tho service. 3urely such conduct could not be right. On week days every facility was afforded tho public for seeing, what every one ad mitted, was a very beautiful edifico; and ;here was therefore no excuse for coining to look at it when they ought to be there for no )ther purpose than that of devotion. Let it jo remembered that a church was God's house, ind let everyone beware how he desecrated tho femplo of his Maker. Let all remember, too, ihat their own bodies were likewise temples — ;emples of the Holy Ghost, and that they were ;herefore bound to treat them with something )f reverence. It was lamentable, however, to tec how often in these days they were dese irated by excess and frivolity in dress. To :hose who were infected with the prevailing nee he would recommend a careful study of ;ho 3rd chapter of Isaiah, and of the words of -ur blessed Lord, who bade His disciples take ao thought for raiment. Not that tho injunctions of Holy Scripture against tho ise of gold and pearls and costly array were to be taken quite literally, for there could be no ioubt that the costliness of a person's apparel might lawfully bear some proportion to his station or means. At the present time, how jver, it must be obvious that there was a licen tious extravagance in dress which amounted to i positive deformity. Every one seemed to vie with her neighbour who should be guilty of the most excess. But let such reflect that a :hurch was not a show-place, and tbat it had no room for vanity. Indeed it was hardly possible to conceive any more painful misgiving tkan that which was caused by the spectacle of i person entering tho presence of Gou and even approaching His holy table in the garb of folly. Ihe time for adorning the body was not yet. A woman's chief ornament must for tho present consist in shamofaccduess and sobriety ; but a time would come when if sho had adorned herself with tbat which becometh women pro fessing godliness with good works her Lord would change her vile body into the image of His own. 