WF.-LEYAX MISSIOXARY SOCIETY. ' A meeting of tho nborc Society wn» held on Monday evening List at tho Wesleyan . Chapel, William-street, nnd wiu very nunu-rously nnd respectably attended. The meeting waa opened lit 7 o'clock bv tho Rcvd. II. II. Guud with prayer niul ' psalmody, after whieh it was nnnoiincod. that Mr. Tjm had consented to pre side upon tho occasion. Mr. Tom, on takinj; the- Clmir oftcr a few introductory remarks, requested the. Secretary, tho Kevd. \V. T. Muync to- read the Iiei)ort, which ran as follows, und presented featured of tho most satisfactory nature. AqsTIlACT Ol» THE Rr.rORT. Oh«|H-Is, 153. Other prenching place*, 351. Missionaries and.Assijt.mt Missionnries, 5k. Catechistd in the Friendly Islands and Fcgec, 2 t,S i):iv School Teachers, 1752. Sunday Selrool Teuehers— (no return from Fcg«:), -i2'J Local PrenchoM, 1093. Clnis Lenders— (no return. from Fegcc), G20. Fidl .ind ucuredited Clmreli MembcH, 17,(5K-. On trial for Membership, HUOS Snbbalh Sehohu-3— (no return from Fegee), 6202. Day Sehooti, G95. Day Scholirn, 3B,Bl»--_ Atfenilimtson.pul)iie'\S(1rW}ijv&L;'.78S- . 1'rir.ting Establishment*, 2. '^^ ? ? The total expenditure of thfl . .. .?,t?r' Sosictv for tlu- piuU yeiir li!is been ? .' ? 13,550 7 0 llio net receipts from tlio ? Colonies and Mission Dis tricts inclmling £1631 189. 6d. lmtivo contributions in oiljlmvobscu ? :.. 9933 4 5 Leaving a buhinco to. bo paid . *bv tho Missionary Com-, mitteo in London, of.. ? 3026 B 7 Towards tho total receipts thoro vrna contributed by Btithurst.... ? 193 5 4 Mucmmrio Plains ? i.. 29 4 7 Cornish Sottltmcnt ...' 90 a 0 Orongo . 40 7 0 Campbell's River -0 10 4 \- . Making n totxl of . ? 36SJ0 0 J, lf»a by lUpcnsca . . 20 0 0 *&-?/- Ttolo~o Net'BaJm.eo:^cmittod' to, too. Treasurer in Sydney, -v, ,V£ Tho Rovd^jftdmas Angwln then roso to'movo tho following resolution :^- 'Tlmt this AfcWng, in rccoiving tho report now.rondj expresses i(tucvou( gratitudo to. 'tho God of ? Missions' for tno'^amLQunt of eucccas vouchsrifod to 'tho Australiaii'*Tv'e8loyan Mis sionnrv Sociotr. and is of onmion that.-lho still existing wretchedness of tho hrathpii, Tind -their increasing willingness to receive the) ^Gospel, show tho necessity of greater exertion. Tri... this great nnd'important cause.'' *v* Wo rogrct, to state that tho low tono in which Mr. Angwin spoko, (wo hnvo sinco learnt 'Unit tho revcrond gentleman -was suffering from severe indisposition at tho- time,) precluded tho ?possibility of giving n report of his speech. i Tho resolution wus seconded by Mr.. Parker in a very energetic speech.. ' ' Mr.Whito then roso to support tho resolution, nnd said that-, ho would, not detain, them long with, his observations, but if was somo timo sinco ho had had an opportunity of addressing them, on such an occasion, and it was also very long sinco ho had met his old friend, Mr. Tom, on tho platform. lie thought moreover, that heshould not bo doing right if lie sat down without saying thnt ho thought tho Missionary Causo a most , important one, for it had doneA much to rescuo .from Hell nnd Satan myriads of their fcllow crcaturefl, nnd it would Btill do much. (Applause.) Tho Report just road must afford gratitude to overy right-thinking mind ; they had heard of eomo thousands of souls having boon brought to tho Light, and that alone proved that tho power of tho Gospel wns unlimited, and that tho pre sent -woa only a foretaste of what it would do hereafter, for ho believed that it would ultimately pour down its healing showers upon all. Thoy should, indeed bo grateful when they saw tho numbers that had been brought under tho influence, of tho Gospel, when but a short timo sinco tho name of Jesus had never been heard in thoso interesting islands, for the glorious words of tho Gospel had thon never been preached thoro. Now how many thousands hod been woftcct from death to glory, how many wero them now round tho Throno sing ing praises? And to what might thoy attributo this -wondrous ehnngo? Surely to tho opera tic-pa of tho Missionaries. Tho question had forced itself upon his mind that if so muoh had been dono, how much more might not yet bo accomplished ? And wo might ask ourselves what Bhould wo havo been without tho Gospel at this day, if it had not been for tho labours of men. of God, inspired, with tho loving Bpirit of their. Master? Wo should havo been grovelling in the dust, and bowing down to stocks and stones. Let us giyo thanks that tho Sun of Righteousness hadrisenwith healing in His wings, and ns wo hav,o freely received, so ought we nlso freely to ijivp. Thn' VcKoWion whT --h hnA just been proposed to tho. snooting intiinaUrd thnt tho Heathen wcro still anxious 'to, hear tho truth ; how should they hear it if there were no Missionaries, nnd by whnt inrans ehuuld MfoiiiiinniictihocontP It wus truu wo eould not rloall, b.it evervlitllo Bnell«l tnq mnss. The wot weather vesUrday liaii, doubtless, ('cU-trcd many, from beini; presont at the r Sen ices thnt I'vening, but ho hoped they would inn'to. up for it ti) night, nnd that, not forgetting to whom they owctl all their bl&^ing*, they would give as liberally then as they had intended to do oii tho previous evening. (Cheers.) 'The Rov. T. W. Mnyno morrf tho eccond rm I it urn 'I liar, Lob. vin,; the Oopjiol nlono can nmo- o tho spiritual darkness nnd misery, and promote th» prepent and eternal happiness, of tho niUUons \- ' i rellow unntun.'M'nhrt tire now under thorn fh t.1 e-- uf Bupt rjiun n trill idolatry , this Mct^mg ru'ih.n In « muiiii-d ]ibi.rj|itv nnd clfoit to 3iiP]K)rt thii) £'- u't}, inil o prav ur tho titcn Kionoftho r.1 {iln.nl Un! l.j l- u and aU ithrr r.wingi.b«ii 2Ii iiuiiitrj ln-Lilutiuns ^ ( -)» i - ml n olut oa «i« mo . * *-?* ♦-?»? ?' - ?- ? i ,, * - ?? ? y ?'; i 1 i h mir nv e atnir tlint, liw j - jlut.un luul xomu ofth ir nir 'f)frtir».*rl.l. »'u '..ro' iv uvhid fcfui ri il . i' ' i- s -- i i .; 1 ' (?CmiL .IiM ther- '»j» . ' til i - '? nul i - it ' ', lli it if hen 'I ♦iru- it i^h'p ii l» «i '1 « in i nnl Hl«*kL. ??!- I^ hi ' H i i , ' ? I ' !»' 'r luul c\|H* i nl ' ii iiii» uf ','!.? uio a mi'nh,' amltli.n-hylukiMi ! .i inuKfi mi/nr o. oo't-tu . uni.i'iyu m -' - ii ?-.'??- ^ to'itjirj ('Iti-'J^v .' i i.-)ll -iK . 'lil vr- -oltr«p H-.i-5fefH-i!. lll«l,, I 1^' -v.,* l«l i'ul ? rutkl|i«l- Huir II I -»?-.. -JI.I til- liri - ini' ,t,,tratK« !-- m- «-;m iivc-un i' . «n4of .^ti-dtf ) ?- I ii ?» U'Wt ill ufi'mi tJ.l --iii. »-»-- n t« ^.a hi in i' In ii'i »u * 1- ' it » u ^ ui .w --»-ir f 1.1 ? 'jf Ju ' '3t.il v', t ! ^ - .'' uiv* ''f «i!rri ji*'wi it -*!?» i!_r they wout I in -- i -,--i wn v ?- -tnj' 'fnv', I'ltsr to gfrvfU-pi1 '1^ij.-- *' '? t I (irnnc--lr-s «-.unni, ^n3 ho V^icV tlw ^wl'T )fy »l«i. i-riei!» rjlLir^l.tS Dj-iV-ti ng rtwiiffhU irMH*r-vo-bti-n. 1 hyiu.pt if.i.iuH of i.iniiifinu'iiortl': -rajm ^r^'d ji i/fllinn r 17; t-i»^s CAi^i. , l,c'l .'Ji (tuiL'h^ tiiiii(fu- impCB afpiir lurim,* mot ff'.iii -- nnd Jo-ir . fi'-f) of Mibv ,y z -t- rjirao, ir - t- -» -iVl'i nh 'pull-' mth i-il. --st ? , _ , fciuil'y tmrlc bv the M r 'i rv l./1-i 't - «i L' nil ni i mt Hut v,a r,r.ul I l ' , ? i , i to iid f cm in thciT aiTi't* i . , ' , - i * Vji. vi cf IndLi und Oi - ! It . pir I t' 1 ? j'Kho'i j i . ' . k '. had il.c I . r i' . ' . '? i \ ..' . ti th^r , 1 'i v » -'?efl-ii \ i .1 lit-, i i ' m I OCTi .r- 1, i^ii/i , i if i '' 'jwcrV i . '.v i HJu, I .*',?- Th U&\- Ir-rA0,^V'*0f \- » -♦ ?. -'* :?.? ,--..,-? .-??'- ideiu, but from a Bupornbundnnce ; and the ro piility with whieh one chased another ulon-; the path'to urtioulatiou was such ns quite to block up the way so that none of them could, get out. That was von- soothing doctrine, to a speaker in want of words, and he. hoped tho present os Bcmbly woidd ndopt it us nn apologv for any lack of lnnguajjo ho might iind bvo and bye. If, indeed, ho ever had any talent for m'lUin- a speech, tho jolting of her;.Mnjesty's M.iU Cart across thu Uluo Mountains had well nigh shaken it out of lum. Ho felt very still1 and travel worn. As u returned .Missionary, however, ho should be ashamed to Bay ho had nothing to re late in illustration of gospel triumph.? in th-j Friendly Islands, where he spent twelve of thu best veai-s of his life. He thought that no Mis sion 'field upon tho face of this broad earth pre sented lovelier scenes of moral beauty than in those bright and sunny isles. The preaching of the Cross had there been pre-eminently 'tho power of God.' Tho national religion of Tonga wiMdcviri.im; now it is Christianity- In their heathen slate the Ton-ucso were 'all their life time subject to bondage' though fear of demons, the poil-i of bulotu, niid the spirits of departed friend:!. All tho worship lie ever could Icuru was ollered to tho demon deities by heathen Tonga was from fear of their displeasure, and to keen them good-tempered lest they should sutler temporal injury. The spiritual devotion of lovu was never known. Their imaginations peopled every place and thing with divinities, uml de mon's dwelt in tho air, earth, sea, food, birds, tuiSls^inseets, and canoe*, ao that they had more yn'SJfBWpiiuJmitself. Tho system of deinon woraliif) has b?en*iM«uletelv overthrown by the simplo enunciation o-t Evangelical truth madu effectual by 'tho omnipotent Spirit oT«*i^l1io samo truths', preached in tlu name wny; aFin : Wcsloyon chapols.in Australia, have set at liberty tho e.iptive. mind of the-Tongan, lio now walks 'in tho fear of tho Lord and iu the comroYt;0f the Holy Ghost.' Tho triumph of roveuled./truth has beciviffbmpleto. Thousands thoro know their interest in Christ, and havo boon renewed in the spirit of 'their minds).' An old^l5shoruian in Tonga was describing the devil nt a discount the other djay nnd used a flguro of speech taken from . hiri qwjl craft. Lobster fishing is a^Urgc i busi ness ihcro, and when they aro caught tlio way of despateliing thorn i* to give them a crack on tho hond and turn them on their baoks to kick tBomsclves to death. Tho old gent thought .that vvas about tho davil's position in Tongas . and instead of saying ' tho Beod of tho woman sluill briijso'tho Borpont's head,' ho said, ' Tho devil is jbaw no moro than a lobster with his hend craolFfjd^and turnod on his back, ho can do nothing.but-*ipk,' The illustration was charac? toristic, nnd )^ng-to thoPolynesian mind. The fruit of the cBittorsiolj of theso intarosting Islundors is of a nTnVgffigtlio moat satisfactory. Aa heathon thoy woro c!K|tol, now ,tlioy aro kind. They woro tho voriest thieres»_alivci, ' now they nro honest and industrious.. TPor twelve years tho sponlicr had livod among them without locking doors, gatos, or boxes, and always found his proporty soauroi so that when ho was about to leavo ho found but ono of his boxes had on ofilciont lock upon it ; and being . approhonsivo of coming into civilized Bocioty, ho. got an old 'blacksmith in tho noighbo'rhood.to tinker up his locks n bit and maka all right for contingencies. Tlic introduction of Christianity. lias thrown a protection around tho family hoarth. In. thoir tcntho n Btnto tho king's seraglio, consisted of tho ontiro fomalo population, and every.. ehiof had power to enter tho family enclosure of e'vory inferior, nnd death was tho penalty of tho slightest opposition. Now overy poor man's oottngo is hiscnstlo, and Christian law protcots his wife and daughters from the . incarnato fiends who oppressed him in days of old. Not tho proudest chief among them daro insult tho Christian women of tho Friondly Islands. Thoy lovo tho Christian worship, nnd tho holy Sabbath is hotter obsorved than in this country. Their consciences have, been oducatcd into a high moral senso. King Gcorgo is ono of tlio lay preachers of this Society, and having been his noighbour for nine years, Mr. Amos could testify thnt ho was one of tho most consistent disciples of Christ ho over know. Ono Suridny morning when ho was going to a distant iulo to preach, the King saw a turtle sleeping upon, tho surface of tho sen, he nt onco lcapod oror and- caught tho fish, but wliilo ho held tho llappors it occurred to his mind that it was tho Lord's day, and out of reverence for tho Sabbntli' ho lot tho.largo titrtlo go. Thoy nro conscientious. Othor illustrations of society in tho Islands woro givon by- Mr. Amos, wliich our limited spaco will not permit us to give. Mr. Carvosso in an - appropriate speech, movod: . -.-...??? 'That tho thanks of this' meeting bo given to tho Commit too and collectors for their services during tho past year, and ' thnt tho following gentlemen bo tho Committco for tho present year:— Messrs. Thompson, Parker, Sweetnam, IToIlidny, Carvosso, Paul, Morris, Martin, J. Orton, J, C. Stnngcr, and E. Webb.' which having been seconded by Mr; Swcotnam, was put to tho meeting and carried unanimously. The Rovd. H. H. Gaud then proposed a voto of thanks to tho Chairman, which was seconded by Mr. Parker, nnd Mr.' Tom having returned thnnkB, a collection was mado whioh amounted to £17; Tho Benediction was. thon pronounced, and tiio meeting separated. ' . ;, 