Thb Reformed Parliament, returned under tho provisions of the Electoral Act of 1858, has commenced its session. Tlie ministerial pro gramme will, in all probability, reveal little beyond ?the topics which have been of late lully discusscd :by candidates for'lcgislativu honors on the hustings. Amongst the leading questions, prominence is sure ??to be given to tlie new L,atul Hill — an educational ?scheme which 'ill aim at a solution of the diffi culties begetting the exclusive adoption of either of the tivo present systems, and the withdrawal of State Aid for religious purposes. Measures of legal and sanitary reform, nnd the re-construction of the Upper Chamber on an olectoral basis — telegraphic communication — military defences — will complete, in all probability, tlio ministerial ?Tinlirv. rv,,vj ? Thoughtful politicians will ntoneo see that Mr. Cowper has no easy task to perform. He cannot reckon with any degree of certainty upon the firm and united support of even the Liberal party, since wide diflerence of opinion is sure to exist in that section upon most of the measures referred to; whilst, on the other hand, he is sure to en counter a determined opposition irom those who ? have hitherto been his open political foes. In the last Pari iament, the (sagacious Premier, throughout n protracted and stormy session, looked to the Electoral Bill as a rallying point for cementing the disjointed or refractory members of which his party was composed, into a compact body. Beyond this stronghold he also knew that in a house con taining only fifty- four members, and divided into two parties, the dazzling attraction of patronage would. exert a powerful charm over many who might waver in their opinions. In the new Par liament there will r.ot'be tiny question which will apply such a real test to Liberalism as did the .Electoral Bill— -neither will the parties be so severed, nor the glittering gewgaw of official pro motion pass, like Banquo's ghost, before the eyes ?of aspiring statesmen, 'grieving their hearts;' but there will be afforded a scope for independent action, beyond the trammels of party or faction, hitherto unknown in our brief Parliamentary his tory. Moreover, Mr. Cowper must be prepared 'for the opposition of a new party, whose common grievances will bind them together for the occa sion. The name-by which this novel combination might justly be called would be that of the ?' malcontent party.' It is composed of ambitious and dissatisfied spirits. Some have done too much, whilst others have not had the opportunity ?of gratifying, at the expense of their principle, their lust for power. Ominous as the greeting of the witches in Macbeth, after the peals of thunder, will he the li.-eeting of the grave and potent sena t- To — lartin, Parkes, and Plunkett — on the vp .;;r . .f the-division bell. No one will be able to ,i. : iecy when the three will meet again; (spectral presence may be looked for with i watching with reslle63 anxiety the minis uldroil into which they will pour their . .i harm's. This dark cloud looms in tlie fu '? 'd disguise upon this point is useless. Mr. ' ' v;- r must be prepared to stand against any as i-''ilr which may como from this quarter. He ? eannot hope to propitiate such opponents ; Mr. Martin Iibb got out or him all ho wanted ; Mr. ?Parkes wants more than he can give him ; and Mr. Plunkett owes him no kind renieinbranoc, aud will be as consistent as ever in his enmity. It there fore remains to bo Been to what extent the new ?elements in the Asserubly will yield themselves up 'to the perauaaiva eloquence — bitter irony, or cogent reasoning winch this triumvirate may bring to bear. We do not anticipate that the assault will be made with indeoent baste or rash precipitation. The address moved on lua Excellency's opening speech will, most likely, pass by without any betrayal of a new organisation. The Speaker may also be elected, but on the very first salient opportunity Mr. Cowper must be prepared for a determined Ctwlntlgllt. Tr.-'-lljrrs jl :,V' .. i their jw.r,,;!-! ^iviii- - j ji| '?- I ; o .;*i On;, who ma) uv:rely unite for th' purp- 9 of upiruln;/ a Gev-;rnin».iit. The progress of useful unt' za: y Isolation eight not to bo abruptly checked ov thorns who are not themselves pivparod to enrry out with unity of purpose tome fixed arid weif digci!;?d policy. Tbi moro battle for placo,|or tho gratification of p«j.r,ual rovengo or ambition, tt: not frufo- tftts of principle in any aft of men. Aa Ipng as Mr. Cou-j,.-: r;„:i yh^.v himself at ho hitherto lias done, equal' to tho pulstionl t inevjjencies of thy colony, !io must ha acknowledged to be a safe in tcrprj'tev of the popular will. He h'aa but ono oottrse to purctu;, and that is, the path of indepoiu deuce and fe.arU'#«in.-f.s. ? If he *ho'i!d .then I'm! it will ho but for a !vt--\ and tho?* who may achieve ''Mory, . bought ti i ? ? ci^l of consistent ? and 'Hfnnvord priiicipln,' will lind ihe olHciu! hod ;r,3H cnnVut'ied iiito onn of. thmiiS. »Tiin' \- 'rooa^tirea ^wlikh-.wr.H i-« fuS.nitttd by, u ftdr t«^ of their legislative ability. Should they be found wanting in that respeot we shall be amongst the first to advocate their relinquishment of office, but wo protest against their fall being accomplished by a discordant combination from which no ultimate harmony or good results can flow. Wo hope, by tho new Assembly, tho oxperience of former Parliaments will not be thrown aside, but that tho tone of legislative debate will be tompercd by mow forbearance, and the taunts of tho Oppo sition arise more out of a determined struggle for principle, than a mere feeling of personal animosity. The session need not be uselessly- prolonged by' wordy debates or sham fights. The incre'rtsed nuniDer oi representatives will go lar to keep down sueh unseemly exhibitions. It is to be hoped, also, that out of the new material, so plentifully sup plied, will he produced all least some few who by their talents and conduct will add lustre to our po litical hemisphere. We are as yet but young in State craft, but still sufficiently advanced to have prepared the way for advancement in social and political reform. Responsible Government forces on a people a feeling of self-reliance which, though liable at times to betray them into excels, must ultimately develope whatever power or excellence they may po-sess. A great future lies beforo Australia. May her Parliaments and her people prove equal to the emergency. 