THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, CONSIDERED IN CONNEXION WITH ENGLISH HISTORY. IN FOUR PARTS.—CONCLUSION. I do not propose to deal separately with the great names of that time. Drayton, Raleigh, Spenser, even Shakspere need not be individualised ; brave Sir Philip and Christopher Marlowe, too, may be passed over. It is enough to write of the language as it was in the time of “good Queen Bess.” I have said that many influences operated to give a new tone to our language —if not to alter its orthography, at least to amend its expression. But there is one thing that has always more surprised than pleased me. Printing had been introduced, well nigh a century when Eliiabeth ascended the throne; and, from the isolated publication by Caxton of his book on chess, the art had come to be an everyday one. Tyndale, and Coverdale had translated the scriptures ; their translations were faithful, and, being so, the original simplicity of diction was observed. How strange then, that, as a rule, the preachers of Bess's time used language the most overstrained and metaphors the most far-stretched ! Surely what they ought to have done, that they did not. With the Bible for their guidance, not only should doctrine but speech have been in accordance with it. Such was not the case ; I speak with regard to language. ‘Doctrine’ might be honest, but 'expression' was out of all rule. When one comes to remember the absurdly- worded exhortations of that period, given, too, from the pulpit, one is apt to say that the style was more worthy of a mountebank than of a minister. Things, too, often were in common. We find men holding forth from motives (as it would seem) of the Iveiiest display; taking a single word for text, and framing their sermons accordingly. It was strange that, with a pure translation of the original scriptures, a pure style should not have been obseived ; but we may trace this to its Mot, and without trouble. Though the age of Elizabeth was, in point of literature, a golden one, it was, as regarded the feelings of men, an age most pedantic. Thomas VVilson, who wrote on the English language, tells us that some men spoke so that even their mothers could not have understood them; lawyers used legal phraseology, and others aped it; landsmen garbled sea diction; those who were ignorant of Latin, Latinized their their speech ; and those who could have spoken plainly, spoke so as not to be understood. Some men Anglicized the French tongue; others, aganu, Frenchified their mother language. It was the pedantry of the time. But there were men of high genius who were above this; of such were Shakspere, Bacon, and Drayton the antiquary. I look upon the writings of these men, the first especially, as possessing that great essential—genuineness. In shakspere’s poems, as in Shakspere’s plays, we had no borrowed language, no pedantry; and so also of Bacon. Of course, their styles and expression are not alike, for it would be as impracticable to write “Macbeth” in the language and style of the “Advancement of Human Learning,” in the language and style of Piers Plowman's poem. As is the 'treatment' of the subject, so must be the construc- tion of the style: you cannot put old wine into new bottles. Yet Bacon is as pure an Eiiglish author of that day as Shakspere, and this because our language is accommodated to every style that is natural; perhaps the frequently pedantic language of Elizabeth's period is traceable to this source. Immense curiosity was bent on foreign productions. Printing impelled translation ; translations were made. Imitations succeeded; Dante and Chaucer were imitated. The writers did not always study to find either a native subject or a native expression; thus Spenser framed his “Fairy Queen” on mythological fables, chivalric legends, and the enthusiasm of his ancestors, and manufactured a language which, for three parts of Bess's time, has one par' of Chaucer's age. And Shakspere, too, built up glorious structures on ancient foundations. His “Macbeth” rose on a Scottish tradition ; his “Othello” on an Italian romance ; and “Lear” was, as I believe, based on the “Leir” (son of Bladus) of whom Geoffrey of Monmouth writes in his “British History.” Hamlet was founded on a Danish legend. But I do not wish to disparage Shakspere, nor do these facts tell to his advan- tage ; beyond this practice of adapting traditions to his own purposes he is thoroughly original. In his language is reflected that of his age; that, at least, which was orthodox. The apings, absurdities, and lacerations which have been mentioned were not the uses but the abuses of Elizabeth’s period. As fair specimens of the language, eluci- dating its powers and general construction, Wolsey's Soliloquy, Hamlet's Address to the Ghost, Mark Antony's Oration, Macbeth's Vision, and Othello's Story of his Courtship might be mentioned; but these incomparable passages will suggest themselves to every mind. I have already made a passing allusion to the prevalent study of Greek and Latin. This study was, of course, mainly confined to the higher ranks ; education was not then what it is now. Now, these languages are within the reach of the middle classes; as a rule, it was then far different. Students at Cambridge and Oxford would be conversant with them, as a matter of necessity; for authorities who held that their cultivation was desirable, were not wanting. Shakspeare, we know, was put to the foundation school at Stratford-on- Avon, but domestic misfortunes recalled him; and I question if he ever understood Latin thoroughly, much less Greek. But the charms of his writings is in their pure English diction. It is clear, then, that our language can stand erect without Gteek and Latin props. As a proof of what can be done, and that by the use of the simplest English, three-fourths Saxon, I would point to Bunyan's great book. What a travelling tinker could compass without the aid of foreign assistance, could not be done with its aid. If any future Johnson should attempt to adorn the “Pilgrim's Progress,” by investing it with Grecian smoothness or Latin ponderosity, a sad hybrid will he turn out. But I think we may trace the influx of Latin, Greek, and French phrases to a certain source. It seems to me, from what little I have read on the subject, that the court of Queen Bess was to blame, if blame may be attached. Indeed, I would go still further - I would ascribe the aggression, or ingression, originally to Bess herself. She was a woman who loved praise: no man re- ceived favour unless he paid unmerited campliment to her beauty. To create what we of this day term “a sensation,” she had recourse to several expedients; or if she had not, they were prepared for her, and cordially received. As a queen, she might be magnanimous, acute, dignified; but as a woman, she was vain and frivolous. I do not deny that her Progresses were productive of good; they won the hearts of her subjects, as the Progresses of Victoria have won the hearts of her people. As Warron—Dr. Johnson's contemporary—has told us, when she paraded through a country town, every pageant was a pantheon ; when she paid a visit to the house of any of her nobility, at entering she was saluted by the Penates, and conducted to her privy chamber by Mercury. “Not less vain of her person than her politics, this stately coquette, the guardian of the Protestant faith, the terror of the sea, the mediatrix of the factions of France, aud the scourge of Spain, was infinitely mortified it an ambassador, at the first audience, did not say she was the finest woman in Europe. No negotiation succeeded unless she were addressed as a goddess. Encomiastic harangues drawn from this topic, even on the supposition of youth and beauty, were surely superfluous, unworthy, and unsuitable ; and were offered and received with an equal impropriety.” When fifty years of age, she accepts from the hands of Cupid (at a pageant which took place in Norwich city) a golden arrow, tribute to her “irresistible charms.” The golden apple, given to Elizabeth as it had whilom been given to Venus, is additional evidence. Thus, from paying extravagant court to the queen, the courtiers began themselves to be extravagant. Overstrained language came into fashion; the Ame ricanism of this day approximate to the regalities of that. Pageants were got up out of the stores of mythology. The old writers, therefore, came into vogue They were read, as I have elsewhere stated, and being read, were imitated too. Everything countenanced by the queen was countenanced by her courtiers. Literary men became imbued with the tastes of the time, and styles became various; and British history, Gothic legends, and Roman relics of composi- tion were fashionable. The queen, being (as her preceptor Roger Ascham could have told you) fond of study, aud accomplished in learned languages; learned languages were studied and often perverted from their true use. Expression the most bombastic and absurd was mystified by the coinage of words which had never before existed. Some of the rhodomontic phrases of Carlyle would have done for that age. The result was that, even when the grossness had passed away by lapse of time, our language retained a goodly amount of French, Latin, and Greek. The flatulencies of speech and thought which then obtained, may, in the first instance, be traced to the countenance given by Bess to such absurd pageants as those I have enumerated; men's heads were muddled, and the pure stream became polluted. We knaw how an extravagance in one thing will beget an extravagance in another. It was so in those days. Succeeding years introduced a new literature; but whether it at all rivalled that of Elizabeth's reign, is a matter for investigation. The Stuart time beheld many novelties; not the least of which were a Puritan court and a Puritan speech. Of modern literature, in con- nexion with language, some other occasion must be taken for discourse. Here, for the present, I, like Sirach, “make an end.” 