THB PREDICAMENT OF THE MINISTRY. (From the Bcndbjo Advertiser ) That the fate of the present Ministry is sealed seems to be an admitted fact on all Bides. There docs not seem (0 be the ghost of a chance for their recovering the defeat they have sustained bo far as the elections have gone. It is not simply that four Ministers are now wandering about the country like disembodied spirits on tho banks of the infernal Styx, waiting for a friendly Charon of a constituency to ferry them over tho gulf that separates from I Parliament and pines. 'Even admitting that these Ministerial outcasts receive friendly shel I tet in the bosom of some compassionate electoral districts, yet is tho doom of tbe Cabinet jui't aa certain as ever, unless some extraordinary and unlooked for interpositioj of their good fortune saves them. We can sue no means by which they can make up for the ovei whelming ma jority that is now arrayed »gain3t them. The defeated I Ministers can only get back to Parliament by menna of some partizana in some friendly constituencies making way for them, and thus while they gain ono way they lose another. Whatever tbe result of the appeal of the four Mi nisters to other constituencies, it is certain that the ultimate result will be much the same. Tho Admi nistration cannot long survive the re assembling of Parliament. lis fate is surely indicated by public opinion in the various districts. »Vherever tho struggle was between ministerialists and anti ministerialists, in almost every instance, with the excej tion of Emerald Hill, the result was ia favor of the latter. Tbis has beeu the case in mining constituencies as well as in tho metropolitan and country districts. At Ballaarat the result was most itriking- In the west portion tha two ministerial men — popular favorites — did not poll half the number of votes polled by their opponents. In the east por tion tho anti-ministerialist was returned at tho head of the poll, even over Humffray ; and Bedford, the ministerialist, was ignomiuiously rejected. The Bame rule has been observed elsewhere, and it would have held good here had any candidate come forward in avowed antagonism to the Ministry. As it is, both Sandhurst and Mandurang stand despised among the various districts of tho colony for tho in difference manifested on a subjeos that has so much agitated public opinion during the past few months. Had there been any candidates in the field of tho right sort, we should have had some expression of opinion either one way or other. As it is, so little is known that we find the Age putting down the two Sandhurst members as Ministerialists. Mr Howard can hardly be flittered with that designation, although he may be iu favor of dealing in a spirit of fair play with the Cabinet. Wo observe that Car penter is also booked as a Ministerial follower. Surely that satisfies the egotism of the smelter. Ho can now write homo and inform his wondering friends that Tom Carpenter counts for aomothi»g in the political » orld of Victoria ! We should like to hear their succeeding commeuts upon Victorian politics. Although wo by no means regret to find that the inordinate egotism and self-assuranco of this Cabinet have received a check, nnd tbat the many public faults and misconduct of which they have been guilty during their term of office, are now likely to be Beverely punished, we aro not blind to the danger that exists in any great reaction. Bad as these men have shown tbemBelves to be, let us not for get that at all events they represented popular principles, or were supposed to represent them in Par liament. Personal character snouiu go a long way without doubt ; but we cannot agreo with a Mel bourno journal that nothing but personal character is to be looked to in selecting niuu to fill the position of representatives or of Ministers. If the world had only depended upon what is called respectability of character, it would still have been in the dark ages. We want something more for the Govern ment of the country —we want sound judgment, general intelligence, and broad views upon public matters. By all means, let the mere characterless vaporers, whose professions are likely to be as ragged as their roputations, bo sent to Coventry ; but do not fall into the mistake that 'respectability' is alone sufficient for the Government of the country. We are sincerely glad to see tho O'Shanassy Minis try receive the Bevero rebuff that public opinion has given to them ; but let us take care that this reaction does not throw the country iuto tbe hands of men without liberal principles, and opposed to popular views, aud thus throw the colony back Beveral years. There ia a difficult task just now to be ac complished, and we shall wa'.ch with interest tho events of the next two or three months. Let not j the enemies to progress fancy that because the whole country rejoices in the overthrow of an Administration which had ceased to inspire either respect or confi dence, therefore the public will consent to bco the Govornment carried on in antagonism to those prin- j ciples upon which the O'ShanaBsy Ministry was sup- i posed to be based. We bavo not a word to Bay for the present Administration. Let it be cut up root and branch, for it has too long cumbered the ground. But let us take care that the cause of progress and j liberal legislation ia not confounded witb Mfbisters and sacrified with them, ' 