THE DREAM OF PROFESSOR ANDERSON. (BY THE GHOST OF EUGENE ARAM.) THE CHALLENGE. 'Twas near the chime of ten the time When ANDERSON and POOLE, Beneath the Prince's Portal stood, In waistcoats white and cool; Expecting Sydney's fashion there, To look, and play, the fool. About strode POOLE with sparkling eye, And self-complacent grin. To a pleasant bar he came, and there He sucked a nobbler in; And the barmaid smiled, as all barmaids do, As he chucked her under the chin. Like a sportive dear he stalked about Each pretty face to scan, On some he smiled, to some he spoke, And after a few he ran; But the WIZARD stood apart from all, A disappointed man! His hat was off, his perfumed locks Were floating in the breeze; For a mighty fear sat on his brow, And trembled in his knees; So he drooped his head, as St. Cuthbert said, On bosom ill at ease. Thought after thought came rushing on, In deep tumultuous tide, He thought of the hole defeat would make In the stocking she'd put aside Much Magic had conjured the "blue devils" up, Who like brothers stuck to his side. And now he put on his superfine tile, With a fierce and desperate dash, His hands he thrust in his pantaloons, And rattled about his cash; "Oh, POOLE! could I rid my mind of the dread That this will end in a smash!" Then drawing up to his giant height, Some moody turns he took, Now up the street, then down the street, With a wild despairing look; And lo! he saw a little boy Poring upon a book. "My gentle boy, what is't you read, That book you study hard in, Is it the Wandering Urchin's Guide To playing at 'Chuck Farden' "? The youngster answered--"No, it aint, It's the Fire at Covent Garden"! The WIZARD took six hasty strides As smit with sudden gout, It might have been that his sole was sore, And his corns were shooting out; Then back he came to the trembling lad, And shouted with a shout. THE COMBAT. "Aye, well I know", quoth he, "for truth My foe's fell hate's extreme, With envious jeers they cluster round My Magic Lanthorn's gleam; But oh! methought last night I caught One of them, in a dream! "One that had never done me wrong, But he was very small, I singled from the motley throng That gathered to my ball; Now, TIDDYWINKS, my pretty boy, I'll make you pay for all! "A sudden grasp at his broidered vest, And one at his tattered breech, The latter so nearly touched the ground, I had to stoop to reach; When lo! the dwarfish monster clutched My throat with fiendish screech! The startled guests assembled there, Were witness to my shame; Ten hundred thousand mocking eyes Were looking on in blame; I took poor TIDDY by the hand, And called upon his name! "Oh, Boy! it made me quake to see Such sense in him I'd floored, Had it been other of his size, He'd sat him down and roared. But TIDDY, cast in sterner mould, Could never tears afford. "Upsprang he then, that demon small, With horrid yell that smote Upon my ear, the while he seized The tails of my dress coat; And the rascal rent that bugled garb On which I used to dote. "Down stairs ran TID with a frantic plunge And vanished in the crowd, Anon I changed my ruined coat, And muttered curses loud. And entered then the Ball Room gay, With air serene and proud. "And joy went with them, one and all, When laughing home they sped, But Old Tom was the Chamberlain That aided me to bed; And tucked me in with ghastly grin, And the sheet drew o'er my head! "All night I lay in agony, In anguish dark and deep, Some loathsome things kept haunting me, And o'er my flesh would creep; I scratched and tore myself in vain, They would not let me sleep! THE CONSEQUENCES. "All night I lay in agony, Tossing from side to side, With one besetting horrid thirst That would not he denied; I seized the Water Jug at last, And drained the crystal tide! "Yet one tyrannic thought arose, That made my heart's pulse stop, Stronger and stronger all night long Across my brain 'twould drop-- Still urging me to go and see My VICTIM in his shop! "Heavily I rose up, as soon As the gas-man quenched the light, That glared before the Hotel door Where I hung out for the night; And I rushed to the shop with a skip and a hop, And TIDDY met my sight! "Merrily rose the cry of 'fish'! And the morn was cold and raw, But nothing of all around me then, I either felt or saw; Nothing but TIDDY I beheld With a bandage round his jaw! "And lo! inspection still more close, As, trembling, I drew nigh, Revealed to sight a damaged nose, All swollen and awry, And a fat rump steak but newly cut Was plastered o'er his eye! "Oh, then I hid my anguished face, And first began to weep, For then the secret well I knew If "BELL" learnt, he'd not keep, But would immortalize the deed Before he went to sleep! "Oh, Boy! that horrid, horrid dream Besets me now awake, Oh, for a cup of water cool My fevered thirst to slake, But in default of Adam's ale, Geneva will I take! "And still no peace to my trembling soul, Since that night of awful row, That horrid "BELL" will show me up, I see him writing now!" The fearful Boy looked up, and saw Some smut upon his brow! * * * * That very night while gentle sleep "BELL's" sinless eye-lids kissed, Two jolly gents set out towards home With many a curve and twist; And ANDERSON he walked between, As a man walks in a mist! 