VICTORIA. By the Telegraph we have papers from Melbourne to the 1st instant. A long report, with reference to the Aurora Australis which appeared on Monday last, has been furnished to the Argus by Professor Neumayer, of the Melbourne Observatory, and contains a lengthy account of the appearance of the aurora light in various parts of the colonies, and its effects upon the atmosphere. The Melbourne Amateur Glee and Madrigal Society have generously resolved on giving a special concert in aid of the Admella Relief Fund. His Excellency the Governor has accorded the Society his patronage. Mr. Rochfort and Mr. Fisher, two of the survivors of the Admella, have each subscribed £100 towards the Relief Fund now baing raised in Portland. A person named Drinkwater, a clerk in the Bank of Australasia, reported at the Detective Office that he had been fired at, at half-past eight o'clock on Mon- day evening, whilst passing through the hay market, »ear Victoria Parade, and that the ball passed within a few inches of his left ear. A Tather singular robbery took place a day or two since. A man went to the Hospital and represented himself to be Underwood, the snake-charmer, and obtained a snake, the property of Dr. Motherwell, with which he made off. , On Wednesday afternoon two persons, Messrs, Stone ; and Davies, arrived from the Cape Paterson coal- fields. From the report given by them it appears that the Victoria Coal Company have succeeded in finding ' two seams of coal of a very superior quality-one of ' the thickness oí 1 foot 2 inches, 42 feet from the sur- 1 face ; and another, 2 feet 2 inches, nt 56 feet from the surface. By this discovery it is found that a large ' quantity of coal may be raised without incurring the ' expense of sinking new shafts.-Argus. ! Messrs. Duffy and Russell arc not to be permitted ! to walk over the course for Villiers and Haytesbury. , A requisition has been forwarded to Mr. W. Rutledge, ' asking that gentleman to become a candidate. " ' The racehorse Barber did not arrive in the steamer , Lady Bird on Saturday, as was expected, as it was blowing too fresh to take him on board safely when the vessel left Portland. He will be brought over- land. A man about sixty years of age, committed suicide during Friday night by hanging himself from a chain attached to the jetty beside the Yarta falls, Queen's Wharf. A petition is being got up on Ballaarat, praying the Executive to commute the sentence passed upon James Mulholland, the- late town clerk of Ballaarat East, for embezzling the funds of that corporation. A ruffian named Dunbear was tried at the Castle- maine general sessions, on Saturday, for biting off the nose of Mary Ann Dodd, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment with hard labour. On Friday two bodies were found floating in a water-hole in a paddock at Preston. They have since been identified as those of Bridget Nihill, a servant, and her illegitimate fe»nnle child, aged two months. The evidence token at the inquest went to show that the deceased woman had been seduced by a man named John Delhanty, whom she ha I summoned in the Dis | triet Police Court at Melbourne, for the support of the ? child. The case, however, was dismissed. Dr. Crook stated that, at the request of the unfortunate woman, he had written to Delhanty, but had received no reply from him. The bodies were casually found by one of the servants'of Mr. Motherwell, a farmer, in whose paddock the water-hole is situated, and presented the appearance of having been in the water for about a fortnight.-/iritis. The ¿If. A. Mail states that Mr. Warden Pyke, who was lately elected one of the members for Castlemaine, received a telegram on Tuesday afternoon, from head quarters.^ stating that Government would at once dis- pense with his services as Warden and Chinese Pro- tector. This, the Mail is given to understand, wa3 in answer to an offer made by him to retain his position | for a few weeks, or until his successor was appointed. Mr. T. P. Hill, whose lectures on elocution, read- ings, etc., have obtained for him a substantial reputa- « tion,. has received the appointment of Professor of Elocution to the Scotch College.-Herald. i The movement in favour of payment of members appears to be getting into favour with constituencies as well as candidates. The Ovens Constitution reports that Mr. John Scarlet lins received an invitation to .contest the district, accompanied by a guarantee of £300 on the part of the requisitionists. Within the last few days certain rumours have pre i vailed, which are now, we understand become matters of absolute certainty, that a well-known land agent in this city had levanted by the Royal Charter. It ap- pears that n gentleman who was very anxious to see Mr. Wilton Gardiner (for that is the name of the ab sconrler) called every day last week at his office, but without being able to meet with him. On Saturday, however, he. was informed that he had left the colony by the Royal Charter, and on going down to Bright, Brothers, it was discovered that Mr. Gardiner had taken passages in that vessel for himself and wife under the name of Mr. and Mrs. Garden. It is stated 1 that Mr. Gardiner, had a large sum of money in his possession at the time of his departure.-Argus. A deputation from a publio meeting of the inhabi I tants of the vicinity of the Little River, consisting of Messrs. Rees, Buckley, M'Naughten, Macord, and Cousins, had an interview -with the Deputy Surveyor General, on the 31st ultimo, (in the absence of Dr. Evans), for the purpose of presenting a memorial against the further leasing of the Crown lands reserves ¡ in the district until the settlement of the land question by parliament. Tho prayer of the memorial was well supported. THE CUAMFIOX SWEEP-STAKES,-WC extract the subjoined paragraph respecting the Australian Cham- pion Sweepstakes from Bell's Life in Victoria:-"The announcement in our town edition last week, that the Barber had swam ashore from the wreck of the Admella, appears to be quite true; but we are not in possession at present of any particulars of this unexpected turn- up for the backers of the Adelaide horses. Mr. Hurtle Fisher, who has nrrived in Melbourne, and who is next door to being as well as ever he was, lins no idea how the Barber escaped ; we must therefore content ourselves with the fact that he is in the land of the living, and . wait his arrival amongst us, which is expected to - day, per Lady Bird, from Portland, before our curiosity can be satisfied as to how and when - he reached the shore. On Thursday we had a pee? at Zoe and Zíngara, «t their residence at South Yarra ; they both had coats on them like a looking-glass, and appeared to be as lively as kittens. Not a ghost of Zoe's shy leg was to be seen in her box, and her owner (whose interest it would be rather to encourage the report of her lame- ness) and trainer, denied that she hod over gone amiss since her arrival in Victoria. As a proof Air. Tait's ! confidence in her, he ha3 backed her for seven hun- dred, since his return from Sydney, at 100 to 7 and 100 to S. There continues to exist a strong desire to lay against Miss Rowe, and wo have not heard of a single investment on her for the last week. Strop is very firm at 100 to 25, and the longest price offered against Io, on Thursday evening, was 100 to 8. Sailor, Quick- step, the Moor, Phoebe, and Alice Hawthorn remain good favourites at last week's quotations, and Nut with has been backed during the week at all prices between 100 to 6 and 100 to 3. On Saturday, when the report of the Barber's escape had been firmly established, he found several friends to entrust him with a fesv fivers at 20 to 1, but later in tlurweek the same odds have-been laid against him and Black Bess coupled. BROOMBEE DIGGINGS.-We have again been favoured by a gentleman with the inspection of samples of gold from Broombee and Lamrock'e diggings. A beautiful little nugget of 3 dwts. 10 grs. has been obligingly left with us for public inspection. The quartz on Mr. Bowman's ground (Broombee) contains a silver-like mineral in great abundonoe,'said try BOae to be platinum,-Mudgee Newspaper. 