SUPERSTITION IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. Credulity is the homage which weak minds yield to the strong, and is usually accompanied by the payment of that solid tribute which knavery exacts from folly. The principle or feeling, with whichever term we may dignify it, seems part and parcel of our nature, but its development depends entirely upon the amount of intelligence or the degree of ignorance in fluencing the community of which we are a portion. In all ages there have been would be sages, professing by occult means to fortel coming events, not always by the poet's method of the shadows which precede them, but by innumerable modes of divination— all, doubt less, equally efficacious. The prevalence of the class and the diversify of its pretensions aro rendered palpable to us by the variety of the methods by which they professed to acquire their knowledge. These dealers in- human feebleness and traffickers in its fears and hopes have been known as magicians, sorcerers, wizards, enchanters, diviners, students of the black art, cum multit aliis. Their modes of practising on the super stition of their dupes must, indeed, have been all but universal; nothing escaped them. There were omens drawn from Auspices, or the flight of birds, and from the entrails of animals ; enchantments by the aid of demons or familiar spirits; astrological decisions derived from the stars; soothsayings from the divine afflatus in the temples ; necromancy sought its authori ties, like modern American spiritualism, by intercourse with the departed; rabdomancy indicated the future by rods, and palmistry by the lines which seam the human hind. The professors of thaumaturgy in our own day do not command that sway over the wealthy and well-informed portion of the public which enabled their predecessors in the classic days of Greece and Rome to make a good thing of it; a Sybil now would stand 'much less chance of receiving attention than in the days of ancient Rome, and would probably have to burn all the leaves of her mysteries to avoid discovery by some shrewd detective sent to unearth her. But it is equally clear that there is scope for the exercise of talents of this order even yet. It is true that the prescient priestess is now generally a peripatetic wanderer, with black hair, jet eyes— which have a very cunning look— a coffee-coloured visage, and whose lair is in some den of the huge city or in a dirty tent by the wayside of the common. Occa sionally a cunning man also turns up, and now and then finds the reward of his duplicity and wickedness in a long imprisonment in a county gaol. Knaves of this class are usually found practising on weak young servant-girls or aged ignorance, and seldom venture on meddling with those cases in which their own sex betray a disposition to be befooled. That a practical belief in the power of the conjurer or the wise man still retains its hold in many parts of enlightened and educated England the police reports frequently furnish imple testimony. The last mail conveys to is admirable proofs of the advance made in icientiflc research, as manifested in the great gathering of notables in every branch of science ind philosophy at Leeds, at tho annual neeting of the British Association ; it also mpplies us with evidence of a growing desire )n the part of our philanthropists and social ?eformers to promote measures which affect the veil-being of society at large, and of which ;he eloquent and fit addresses of Lords Brougham and John Kussell, Earls Shaftesbury ind Carlisle, and the Hon. Moss Cowper and Jir Jame3 Stephen, at the meeting of the National Association of Social Science held in [jiverpool last October, give lucid witness. We have long held the opinion that there w many mistakes made iae»tiin»tiBg the rT»a^ of education, and- of testing the existing igno rance in our native land. The light which has been gradually piercing the gloom enables us to discover the foul and filthy creatures which inhabit the darkness. They were there before, but were hidden from sight; and now their deformity and loathsomeness are rendered visible, we attach an undue importance to their presence, and overlook the fact that each of its own natural desire is seeking to avoid exposure and molestation. The simple faot, as stated by the venerable-Lord Brougham in the address to. which we have alluded, that there aro at least two million readers of the various unex ceptionable penny periodicals which issue weekly from the London press, speaks incon testably for the vast spread of education and the love for knowledge. Yet, like the courts at Doctor's Commons, celebrated by Oowper, 'Some twigs of- the old scourge are left be hind ' The half-instructed peasant and the ill-educated town girl become alike the prey of the designing and flattering fortune- teller. Seve ral instances during the months of September and October occurred, in which one or two wo men of the Bohemian tribe (vulgo, Gipsies) had imposed on domestic servants, induoing them to confide to them nearly all their wearing apparel, in order to work successful oharms for procuring them suitable husbands ; while in the county of Essex, adjacent to the metro polis, a firm belief seems; to have been placed by a whole family m the : hallucinations of a poor insane girl, that a very harmless elderly neighbour was an arrant witch. We had thought that since the renowned Hopkins, witch- finders and witch-doctors were like the good people disgusted with the realities of existence pervading modern times, and had rolled themselves up for better days. Not so. The witch-doctor was found and called in; the case proving beyond his skill— probably he had not mastered more than the rudiments of Abracadabra — a more potent master was there fore invoked. He came, and full 200 persons were assembled to meet him; Of the pro ceedings we have no account ;. they ended in a tremendous drunken riot. It will scarcely be credited that on the clergyman suggesting tho removal of the poor insane girl with whom the matter originated to a lunatic asylum, the overseers objected, on the ground that a person (the witch-doctor No. 2) was expected over to cure her. Our German cousins seem also to be afflicted with a similar propensity to peep into futurity for their own special benefit. A Prussian tradesman named Mag, living in the eait of London, was desirous of venturing in the Frankfort Lottery. No one likes to run need less chances. Mag had a belief in that wild spirit 'Luck;' so he repaired to a fellow countryman, also an eastern denizen of the great metropolis, who seems to have lived, like a great many aboriginal Londoners, on his wits. His name was Steinthall. He proposed— the better, doubtless, to juggle his victim— to go shares in tho venture. This worthy operated by cards and some other peculiar methods, which give a smack of humour in his roguery. He required Mr. Mag to tie up in a handker chief coins of all the denominations he could scrape together, which he did from a sovereign to a half-farthing. They were then to bo deposited in a midwife's bosom, and well shaken about in that curious lodgment. Finding he had a customer whose gullibility had apparently no limits, he required still fur ther deposits, and when enough had been secured a sort of incantation in the German style was proposed, and tho two proceeded to the Victoria Park. Stointhall carried, or rather professed to carry, all the money which was to buy the lucky number, wrapped up in a parcel ; they solemnly buried it under a hedge, repeated the Lord's Prayer, sprinkled a Bible with earth, and then retired about a hundred Dr two yards to let the spell work. It had done so most effectually, for on their return there was no parcel to be found. Then Mr. Mag began to doubt in conjuration and to have strong faith in the police. Mr. Steinthall wbb arrested and sent to one of Her Majesty's places of discipline, to brood over the weak points in his career, and to revolve more Bagacious plans for the future. It was proved that there was a midwife, who, in addition to lending her bosom as a Bank for Dame Fortune, had a share in the profits, and was a touter for the concern. Herr Mag's hopes— brilliant ones, too— were of course dashed in little pieces ; he and Herr Steinthall on gaining iho great Frankfort prize, which of course was certain, were to wed two sisters, have lots of boys and girls, and be most extensive merchants. Now these are both pitiable and laughable proofs of the march of intellect. We havo had no pretenders to supernatural gifts that we are aware of in South Australia Bince the time of Lo Yanberyl, who threatened us with the end of all things some twelve years ago, and whose evident error in his calculations has doubtless prevented other .enthusiasts and fanatics from committing themselves to such definite conclusions. There is too little scope here for the imaginative faculty1; we have no old houses fit for a ghost too haunt; no glens and waterfalls and fountains which the fairies would stop in, save as casual travellers; no horrid church yards with banihees on the tombstones; no gibbets and cross-road graves where mur derers have been buried to scare children in their evening walks!:'' We are disposed to think a fortune-teller would have small chance of picking; up a scanty living; and although we occasionally Bee some middle-aged people avoid passing under a ladder, we are inclined to think it may be as muoh from fear of a pre sent falling brick as from dread of a prospective calamity. There are occasional traces of super stition in some very common and everyday customs, but we do not believe them to bo ob served from apprehension of evil so much as from habit So fer as we know, our young people are growing up happily divested of many erroneous notions and superstitious obser vances and fears which cling to the old asso ciations of their parents. - ' . The National Bahk.— We learn that Mr. Wright has returned from Melbourne with his appointment as Manager of the National Bank 0! Australasia, and it 13 understood that all the conditions insisted upon by the Adelaide share holders are to be fully complied with ; and that the Adelaide branch establishment is to be put upon a fair working footing as soon as pos sible. ' Bate- Depaitltee8. — We are requested by the Town Clerk to state, in answer to Mr. Glyde's letter, which appeared in Monday's Register, that the error of overlooking that gen tleman's payment of rates arose from their being received at the office instead of by the Col lector, upon whose book they were not entered. Mount Lofty. — We have been favoured by Mr. Hardy with the following range of the thermometer at Mount Lofty for the week ending the 7th instant :— i lExxxornxn nr bhaoi. un, ?' Loweit 1859\. 9 a.m. 6 pjn. Noon. Highest, previous Inchet ? ' ? _^_ - night. Jan. 1 77 80 81 84 ~~74 ~ 2 67 60 64 64 66 - 3 68 63 73 73 63 — 4 66 67 65 68 66 - 6 60 68 78 7S 63 ' — 6 78 74 87 87 SB '01 7 63 63 67 67 60 ' '01 A New Maekbt.— The Moreton Bay corres pondent of the Sydney Morning Eerald sayB :— 'Attempt* have lately been made to open np a Dew trade between Brisbane and the neighbouring colonies. The sohooner Vanquish sailed two d»j» ago for Adelaide, with 76 000 feet of cedar boarda, and 10,000 feet of pino do The timber ii ihippcd by Mr. Pettlpetr and Mr. Fleminir theproprieton of two steam saw mills— one at Brisbane and the other on the Bremer. The VanqaUh has been chartered by Mr. Fleming to bring a return cargo «f wheat from Adelaide, the establishment of that gmtiesua coataiatog ? flow milV Lefbtee's Peninsula Bbidge. — This ' bridge is now nearly completed. It has been used by foot passengers for some time past, bat before it can be available for general trafflo the approaches to it mult be made and a road leading to St. Vincent-Btrect, as well U another across tho creek near the Government Dockyard, will havo to be completed. Tho biidgo is built upon - Dilas of Vau Dlemcn'a Land bluo gum. The work bai ' been substantially czeeuUd, and the structuioinappoar anco is by no means inelegant. Its total length is 718 feet: it has 27 bays 23 feet n;.an cacli, the lour centre bays being 17 feet aud 14 feet, leaving a clear spaoe of 28 feet for drawbridge. The height of tho bridge in the centre from high water mark is 8 feet, from low watormarkie feet, and from tho owest level of the creek 23 feet. Tho plies upon which tho bridgo itsts are 70 in number, and aro all 13 inches square. The width of the bridge ia 13 feet, 12 feet of which is ap propriated to a carriageway, end the remaining 6 feet to a footway. Handrail.-, 3 fcH 6 inches high between the carriageway and footpath and on their outer rides, extend tho whole length ot tbo bridgo. There are two turn-outs or f idingf, one on either side of toe bridge, esch 70 feet in length and 13 feet In width, making tho total width of the bridgo at those plBcesSO ? feet. A drawbridgo in the middle of tho bridge opens In two halves, each leaf being raise.! to a vertical ppjition by means of au improved double-brake crab and suitable gear. The longitudinal girder?, bearing on corbels 10 Inches square, arc 12 inches by 10 inches scantling, and three in number, except the centra ones forming the drawbridge, which aro 16 inches by 8-inch scantling, trussed with wionght- iron, and arc Dve in number, placed at canal distances from cither dele of tho bridge. The whole of tbe fucd portions of tho structure la covered with two layers of 3i. ch 1 linking laid diagonally. Tho drawbridge is covered with 2-lnoh plankinglidd in a similar manner. The piles on either side or the bridge are throughout stronply braetd by timber of scantling 10 laches by 6 inchec, and the sides of tho openirg forming the drawbridge ore protected by a frsming or piles and fenders to guide vessels through. The bridge wai de signed by Mr. E. A. Hamilton, Government Architect, aud has been built by Mr. C. A. Perry in a very crcd.fc. able manner. The amount of contract is £4,650. Geey Ward.— We understand that a requi-. sition is in course of siguature, filling upon Mr. W. Hubble, of the firm of Morcomb i Hubble, ooachbullderi. King WlUiam-street, to allow himself to be plaoed In nomination ns Councillor for tho above ward at tho forthcoming election. East Toebess Institute.— The fine arts exhibition in connection with thii Institute wo have much pleasure in stating is to be open to the public during another week. Doubtless many who paid but a hasty visit to it during the past week will again avail them wives of the privilege of inspecting the many curious, In teresting, and beautiful objects which havo been gathered into tho room of the Institute. Tho additions made during the last day or two arc not numerous. Had tnej been so. no srjaea could have been found for them. So crowded is the room with objects, mat we ywier day fouud a most beautiful and truthmi water-colour palntinj, quite hiddon behind other and more imposing articles. Tho additions are prin cipally oontribntcd by His Excellency the G»vcrnorln Chiof and Mr. F. H. White. His Excellency has Bent two colonial paintings— uuo a ' MoouliRht Scene,' the other a party of natives, and both by Schram. The like ness of one oftlio group in tho latter painting to a fine hoary-headed chief of tho aborigines, who used a fow years ago to visit Adelaide aud its vicinity, and pcrhapi feasted on opof suniB on tho site of tko Institute long before tho first white raan stepped en Australian shores, is very striking. With the paiutlugs them came a mag nificent piece of malachite, and a beautiful chalice, formed of au emu's egg, set in silver, evidently, however, more to bo valued for its gracefulness than for its utility. Mr. White's contributions chit fly consisted of 10 smill cases of most bcautirul African hummlug-birda. Tbe magnificent wombat has now a plaeo worthy of Ulm. Several articles we noticed raoro advaatageously placed than during tho earlier part of the first week. There were additional oil paintings also-ono a loch iccne, anil one after Murillo. We were not able to learn the pre cise number of visitors to tho exhibition during the put week, but the Committee express themselvei highly gratified with tho attendance. We hope the feeling and tho cause of it may continue and even increase during the ipr&ent; week. Fejee and the Fejeeans.— A lecture on Pfjee and the Fejeeans was delivered on Monday even ing, at the Congregational Chapel. Hlndmarih, hy Mr. William Owen. Tho chair was taken by Mr. J. W. Cole, M.PH who, after a few prefatory remarks, Introduced the lecturer. Mr. Owen stated at tho commencement that he wished to dispel tho idea that he was interested in Fejcc, and was trying to induco persons to loave thii place and go there. Ho then went on to describe the voyage from Fort Adelaide to Port Ridley, in one of tho Fejee Island?, toucbiug at different islands on the route. He gave at somo length a description of the position and geological features of the country, illustrating his re marks by reference to some maps suspended in the room. He also gave.n variety of interesting anecdotes illustra tive of the superstitions, habits, and customs of tbe in habitants. Ho exhibited a numerous collection of curi osities in tho shapo of implements of war and of dsmestlo use, dresses, bottles, musical instruments, Ac. He stated that a few years ago tho whole of tbe islands wero lu a state of heathenism and cannibalism, but by tbe inoessant labours of tbe missionaries, the greater portion was now brought to civilization. The lecture throughout was listened to with great attention, and tbe lecturer was loudly ap- plauded at its conclusion. Mr. Cole, after a few remarks, proposed a vote of thanks to tbe lecturer, which was carried by acclamation and duly acknowledged. The attendance, although not so large as could have been wished, was exceedingly select. We perceive by the advertisement that Mr. Owen will deliver his lecture at different places in the suburbs during the week, and the proceeds arising from the lectures are to be applied to benevolent objects. Public Lecture. — On Monday evening, a lecturo was delivered by Mr. Williams, at the Chapel. Carrington-street, belonging to the Adelaide Society of the New Church, 'On the style proper to solemn read- ing.' About 40 persons wore present. Tbe lecturer maintained that articulate sounds are the exponents of the ideas of thought, and that the tones of the voice an cxproslvo of tho predominant feelings and emotions foi the timo being; contequcntly that in order to tho proper and effective delivery of any written discourse, it wai essential that the reader should r.ot only have a oleu comprehension of the meaning of tho words employed, but tbat he should enter into tho feelings of tho writer, and having done so to deliver tbe sentiments as though they were his own. A number of the moat sublime and pathetic portions of the Sacred Scriptures, as well at selections from several classical Euglish authors, were introduced as Illustrative of the necessity of oorrcol enunciation. Tho more common errors of publlo reader! were pointed out and unsparingly denounced. The de livery ol the lecture was followed by some enquiries as tc the proper oourse of itudy necessary to acquire tho high standard of excellence which tho lecturer contended lor, and which were intelligibly, and wo think satisfactorily answered. A vote of thanks to the lecturer concluded the proceedings, which occupied nearly two hours. Mr, Williams engaged to give a second lecture ontbesamj subject on tome future evening if required to do so. Tempeeance Meetings. — The following hai boen forwarded by a correspondent :— 'Ou the 3rd and 5th instant temperance meetings were held in the Bible Christian Chapel, Mount Torrcns, Mr. W. Furaman, Bible Christian minister, in the chair. At both meet ings Mr. James Piesing, of North Adelaide, was the lecturer. He depicted by many startling facts, most 0f which bad como under his own observation, the social mental, moral, and physical evils connected with the use of intoxicating liquors as an article of diet. He answered the objections frequently brought against teetotalism, and ably exposed iho arguments generally advanoed is favour of moderate drittlcicg. Throughout the delivery of the lectures, each of which lasted one hour and a half tho greatest interest aud attention prevailed. The meetings closed by presenting votes of thanks to the lecturer, and receiving pledges to total abstinence.' The Eev. Thomas Bix.vey at St. Kilda, —A correspondent of tho Melbourne Herald says :- 'Nearly seven years ago, in tho old Weigh Houie Chapel, we listened to the last sermon wo ever listened to In England. It was from the lips of Thomas Blnney It was no unusual thing iu those dayB for young men to leave home, and Thomas Binnty, essentially tho youna man's preacher, braced many a heart, and fixed many s principle in those who since have met with few whe cared littlo to take the troublo to do the one or tb- other. On Sunday we again, for ths first tlmi since leaving home, listened to his preaching and again he addressed himself to young men, and with that iinprcssivencss and truth to which so many of the ttrugglers in Australasian ad' ventures can so well testify ho held up a pattern foi their guidance. And as we watched and watted for hii words a- they fell, and gazed upon the glorious head and faoe we bavc so often looked upen S&bbath; after Sabbath in the old time, and followed him in his graphic descrip tion of character, send forcible appeals to conscience, wi felt better for hia teaching, and hopeful for the people with such a teacher fur their guide. It would be lmpoi- siblo to conceive anything more telling than the sncctS' Blon of pictures portrayed by Mr. Binney in illustrating the life and character or Joseph. Commencing witb h'm at 17, and leaving him whilst still a young man at 30— from the tender, loving, and withal God fearing boy, to the strong, earnest, honest man describing, with the facility of a master, tfee refining In. fluenceof his trials, and his eventuating through them to the greatness ho achieved— iho slavery, tbe toil the success, tho temptation, tho fake charge, the abasement, and tho renewal of good, the unflinching manliness of endeavour supporting him under all re verses, and the elevation of motive accompanying tho whole, wero described with a vigour and earnestness only paralleled by the strength of entreaty and exhorta tion to the hearers to ' do likewise.' It wonld be im possible to estimate too highly tho Influence of inch preachings as these, as well upon the spiritual aa upon the everyday life of everyday men. An elevation of sen timejjt, of feeling, and of character must necessarily and naturally be the result ; and it would bo well for ua hi our new homes to endeavour to retain Buch a means of good amongst us.' The Laek.— The Melbourne Heraldhaa the following:— 'Agentlcman whohas resided in the Aui tralian colonies since 1810— for the last four yean In this colony— states that on Monday last he and a friend were out shooting near thejunction of the Yarra atid tha Saltwater Biver, when, for the first time linee he left England, he had tho pleasure ef hearing the wild lark sing. There were three birds soaring in tbe neighbour hood, and singing the unmistakable aotcs of the British lark. After some time one of tbo birds descended, and when within about 6'J yards of tbo ground darted rapidly down into the grass. Tho sportsmen were near enough to have shut tbe birds, but were prevented from doing: so by the charm of the song, and the old associations and memories awakened by it. We hope t hat noae who may havo an opportunity like that of our informant and his ftiend will act otherwise.' Accident at Clarendon.— A correspon- dent sends the following :— ' A very melancholy accident occurred on the 8th inst. to a son of Mr. J. P. Chapman, of Clarendon, a boy 17 years old. Whilst driving an empty dray and four bullocks up Dashwood's Gully, one of the wheels came in contact with a stump and cap- sized the dray, forcing the end of one of the iron standards of the dray into the back of the boy's skull. Medical assistance was soon obtained, but the poor boy died before the doctor arrived from the injury done to his brain.' Hobse Accident.— A correspondent writes —'As Mr. Connell was coming from Noax'unga on Friday evening, and when Immediately abreast of b\t house, the how, from weakness in the fore legs or some other cause, fell suddenly down, precipitating Mr, Connell with great force on tho (luckily sandy) ground, hia left foot leing entangled in the stirrup. Fortunately both girths breaking, the saddle at the came instant wect flying over the horse's head ; had they not broken the accident might have b:cn attended with serious conse quences. However, the injuries sustained are light, being a few bruites on the liip, Bboulder, and collar bone, causing a painful stiffness about these joints.' Chaege of Theft. — Three persons were, taken into custody on Monday, at the Port, on ijdhitf*. of stealing a gold natch from the Britannia &S;&1 in June of the preceding year. The case will be heard to day at the Port Police Court. Mvbbat Krvan LiuNDET,— The scarcity of water on the Indigo, and iu high price, have called into being a laundry on a large scale, on the banks of the Biver Murray. Under the style and title of the Biver Murray Laundry the proprietors undertake to collect, wash, and deliver cleansed and purified, starched, ironed crimped, &a.;, &.s., all the soiled linen on the new rush, for the moderato price of 6i. per dozen. Clean shirt! mutt henceforth cease to be aa unattainable luxury.— Oveni Comiitution. Eeeata.— In the report of the Horticul tural and Fioricultoral Society's annual meeting jara graph 4, line 1, for ' Mr. Greenham' read ' Mr. Goorefl Uray;' paragraph 7, line 3, for '£13 14s. fid.'^re4d 'nearly £15:' last paragraph but 6^ line 4, fori'fbur guineas'' read 'fiyo guineas.' W We are requested by Messrs. Greent Parr, 4 Luxincore. to call special attention to their Sale this day, at C.B. Pemfold'i.Esg.Mafill.of that era Y«£' K? H0IW Stwk- '''^ toPkowti, 