PASTORAL. The following Pastoral Letter of His Grace the Apostolic Delegate, has appeared in the Irish papers. 'Paul, bv the Grace of God and of the Apostolic SBe, Archbishop of Dublin, PrimAte oe Ireland, &c;, &c;, to the Catholic Cleugy and LaitV of the Diocese of Dublin, &c.; ' Four years have now elapsed since, writing from tha centre of Christianity — this city purpled by the blood of the apostles andwartyrs of Jesus Christ( I announced to you the glad tidings that our Holy Father was about to proclaim Immaculate and free from every stain of original sin the Conception of the Holy Mother of God. With what exultation was not this decree of the immortal Pontiff received throughout the Catholic world ? Every heart was filled with joy, and all hastened to offer their tributes of jubilee and loVe in union with those of the Vicar of Christ. ' Once more does the Church now invite us to commemorate this singular and special mystery of the Immaculate Conception j and oh ! how just, how natural is it that we should recal to mind with joy, this glory, this exalted privilege, of our dear Mother Mary. In her womb God became like runto Man. Through her was achieved the ineffable union of earth with, heaven, and she herself became the sanctuary of that reconciliation of God with man, for which the Patriarchs and Prophets, and all just men of old, had sighed. And of how many blessings hns not Mary been to us the overflowing source. ? Hail,1 cries out the great St. Cyril, whose words were adopted as their own by the Fathers of the Council of Ephesus : ' Hail, thou by whom the most Holy Trinity is glorified and adored ; by Thee is the standard of the Cross unfurled triumphant over every land ; by Thee is Satan vanquished, and all nations summoned to Christ's saving fold.' Yes, well may we rejoice in com memorating the privileges of Mary ; through her was the Ipng wished-for Redeemer granted to us j by her were broken the fetters of our slavery ; by her the abyss was vanquished and all heresies were overcome ; through her has heaven been opened to our hopes, and all the riches of the treasures of God's mercy and love have been poured out upon our souls. ' And, dearly beloved, how glorious to the Blessed Virgin is the privilege which the Church now in vites us to celebrate. In the eternal counsels of God it had been decreed that, through the mystery of the Incarnationj man should be redeemed ; and in the same eternal counsels, the Virgin is predes tined to be the channel of this redemption to us, becoming at once the beloved daughter of the Most High, the Spouse of the Holy Ghost, and the Mother of the Eternal Son, Even the first moment of her existence calls forth a special miracle of God's omnipotence. The course of our nature's guilt is suspended in her regard, and she comes forth from her Creator's hands all beautiful and fair, re plenished witli the graces and gifts of heaven. Even then might be addressed to her the Angers words, ' Hail, full of grace.1 Hail ! thou chosen one, who proclaimedst God's power and majesty and glory. The Eternal Father contemplates her as the blessed one of all creatures, His own beloved child;; and to Him who rules the universe has she become the ob ject of complacency nnd delight. Her soul is as the altar of holocaust on which is unceasingly of-' fered up the sacrifice ; a sacred fire is kindled there which shall continually increase, and a fragrant in cense ever ascend to the throne of God. Then, in deed, was seen on earth the true Holy of Holies, in in which God's glory dwells, the living Ark of God's Covenant, of which the Jewish Ark, with all its splendour, was but a figure and a type; and well might the heavenly choirs exclaim with the Prophet, ' How lovely, O Lord, is thy tabernacle with man.' ' It is in this sanctuary of the Most High that ire celebrated the mystic nuptials of the Holy Ghost with this chosen one of the daughters of Eve. How then must the soul of this beloved spouse have been adorned with all His special graces and gifts — with the comeliness of chastity, the candour of humility, the radiance of charity ! How must He have clothed her with the rich nuptial robe of His es pousals, and decked her with all the gems of His heavenly graces ! ' When, on the feast of Pentecost, that Holy Spirit descended from on high in the form of tongues of fire to abide with the Apostles, how blissful was the change which was produced in them. From being timorous, and fearful, and earthly, they on a sudden were filled with heavenly ardour, and, as if divine, became wholly intent on fulfilling the mission which they.had received from Christ. But what must it have been with Mary, on whom the Holy Ghost descends, not partially communicating himself, but in the whole plenitude of His essence 1 If so great are the favours granted to His servants, oh ! how ineffable must those be which are granted to His spouse, and how boundless must be that communication of His graces which rendered her worthy of being the mother of God. -j; ' Yes, dear brethren, Mary is not only tho chosen daughter of the Most High, nud spouce of the Holy Ghost ; she is also destined to bo the true mother of the Eternal Son. Oh, privilege which exceeds nil that words can express : that the Creator should bo indebted to a creature— that the Got! of all things should need her care and watchfulness ; nay, more, should observe towards her all those relations of obedience and respect winch aie due towards a mother by her son 1 The Royal Prophet declares that the Eternal World built for himself a taberna cle, adorning it -with the pillars of virtue to be its riches, its ornament, its support. Yes, He would not dwell in an abode which Ho had not especially formed for himself; and, if the Redeemer would not allow His sacred body, even in death, to be laid m a tomb which had seen corruption, oh 1 how much more must Ho have preserved from tho corruption of sin, and hallowed, that chosen dwelling-place in which Ho was to assume our nature, and which, with His own hands, He now forms for himself! Though all the things that God had cSlleil into existenco in the first creation were perfect, and displayed tho glory of their Maker, tha only expression of their benuty was, 'God saw that it was good.' But how fnr surpassing are the words of eulogy 'addressed to Mary on her coming forth from her Creator's hands ?? 'Thou art all beauteous, all comely, my btloved, my chosen one' (Cant. i. 4.). The most brilliant stars are not undimmed and spotless in my sight, but 'thotl art free from every stain.' Other crea. tures rlfieet some ray of my perfections, but all are combined in thee, ' my dove, my perfect one.' And how the angels contemplate with ecstacy this image of God's perfections, this earthly mirror, rejecting in such a perfect manner all tile glory of the most august Trinity — the sanctity of the Father, the wisdom of the Divine Word, the eternal charity of the Holy Ghost. Filled with raptures, they.. . exclaim, ' Who is she that arises from the deserc,1': ( '. teeming with Heaven's graces, and decked with all the glory of our King?' .Oh! yes, beloved breth ren, truly great was the beauty, the comeliness of this Queen of Heaven, and no words are sufficient ' to proclaim her glory. The moon, in all its splen dour, is but her footstool ; her brilliancy is as the heavens, and stars have become her crown ; her radiance is as the mid-day sun — nay, this earthly tun is but the mantle of her glory. How joyous, how cheering should be and is this ornament of the new Jerusalem, this glory of our race. Let us in spirit hasten to enjoy ' the fragrance of her odours,' and let us mingle our voices of praise and exultation with those of the angelic choirs. 'How consoling will it be for us thus to share in the joy of the heavenly choirs, and unite our hymns of praise with theirs. Yes, let earth combine with Heaven in honouring Mary, and chaunt in holy rivalry the praises of her who is thus exalted by the Most High. And while we thus honour the mother of God, let us not be unmindful to invoke her aid and im itate her virtues. Let all have recourse to her. Let just and fervent souls pray to her that she may sustain them in the narrow path of sanctity : let the tepid have recourse to her that she may heal their languor, and obtain for them true peace of heart. And yon, toD, sinners, oh ! hasten to this bosom of this Refuge of Sinners, the mother of us all. No matter how strong the ties which bind you down in the slavery of sin, no mntter how heavy the yoke which vour iniquities have imnosed upon you, rest ssured of pardon and reconciliation if, with liu lility, with contrition, and confidence, you. turn our eyes to Mary. Let us, especially during the liese holy days of preparation for her festival, often epeat, with sincerity of soul, the words of her ins pired canticle : we shall find in its sentiments a nodel for our imitation, and it will fill us with that rue humility which renders our prayers acceptable o God. With Mary, each one of us may say : ' He hath done great things in my bohalf.' ' Cruly hath he done great things for us in our. xeation, drawing us forth from nothing, and stamp ng on our souls His own image and likeness — in 3aptism, making us His own adopted children and einpies of the Holy Ghost — in the Sacrament of ?enance, purifying our souls, and restoring to us that nnocence which sin had destroyed ; but above all, in. . he Sacrament of the Eucharist, in which He himself las become our food, nnd remains with us ever eady to hear our prayers and bestow His . graces on is. How ineffable, too, is tho blessing and mvilege He has conferred on us in making us in leritors of His saving faith, and members of the me true fold. See those without the pale of truth ; * ;o how many storms are they exposed, and how lreadful the eternal shipwreck which awaits them, should they fail to enter the Church — the only liarbour of salvation for man. Oh ! let us esteem ever more and more this sacred treasuroof faith, mid with all watchfulness let us seek to pro . serve for ourselves and our children this most precious gift. Abovo all, beware of exposing it to temptation, and guard it from every danger ; for it is a treasure which too easily may be lost, .and for which, alas! now-a-days, tod many snares' are laid. With Mary, too, let us humble ourselves, and confess, that instead of meriting theso graces, -we have only deserved chastisement at the hands of God. For we of ourselves can present to him only our own nothingness, and our unworthiness, and our sins, whilst everything else is the work of His omnipotence and mercy. Hence, lot us bewaro of usurping the rights of God, by claiming to ourselves any share in His great works ; for surely thero will fall on us those dread anathemas which in this same canticle are pronounced against the wicked and tho proud : but rather let us take Mary for our model ; nnd, imitating hur virtues, we may rest 'assured that tho riches of God's mercy will be poured out un sparingly on our humble souls; ' for He exiilteth the humble,' and ' the hungry Ho iUleth witli good things.' '' 'In fine, dearly beloved, cense not by ueous ot charity to render yourselves pleasing to God. How would we esteem ourselves privileged had it been our happy lot, in union with the holy Virgin, to minis ter to the wants of our loved Redeemer, and assist Him in his earthly need. And yet, tho words of infallible truth have declared to us, tlint whatsoever we do in His nnmo to one of tho lowly nnd destitute of our brethren, He will repute ns done unto Him- . self; and again the same eternal wisdom' is. our voucher, that whatsover wo thus bestow^ ? will bo treasured up for us an hundred fold in spiritual be nedictions. Be untiring then in your deeds of cha rity. It is this season of the year thnt presses most severely on the poor, anil hence more particularly demands your charity. Do not wait until tho sick and destitute should solicit your aiil ; be yourselves the first to seek them out, and let your charity be unbounded in their regard. Listen witli a merciful oar to tho petition of the widow, and provide for the temporal and spiritual wants of the orphan, and of every destitute child ; nbove all, employ your in fluence to preserve them from the assaultB of thoso ravenous wolves that nru endeavouring to destroy their faith, anil to poison with heresy the immortal souls redeemed by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Aid those' excellent orphanages, which aro a credit tii our city, and which will be tho means of preserving many pour souls from eternal perdition. Thus may you indued expoct to be made sharers in the promises of Christ ; and, having enjoyed tho blessed lot of ministering to Him witli Mary, hero below, to be presumed by her to her divino Son in Heaven. , ? ' The grace of our Lord Jesus bo with you nil. '+ Paul Cullun, Archbishop of Dubliiu 'Feast of the Dedication of the Basilicas of SS. ' I'uter and Paul. « From the Villa of tho Irish College, SaUrian -Way.1' 