CHINA AND THE CHINESE. A LECTURE BY THE BISHOP OF VICTORIA. The Bi*hop of Victoria (Hongkong), delivered the opening lecture of the session of tbe Syd ney Mechanics' School of Arts, on Tuesday evening, the 7 th instant. The chair was taken by tho Rev. Dr Woolley, ono of the vioepre Bidentsof tha Institution ; on tho platform were Sir Charles Nicholson, Bart., the Bishop of Sydney. the Rev. Thomas Binney. and other gentlemen. The following is a verbatim repent of tbe lecture. The subject on which I have, under taken fo address you this evening is 'China and the Chinese.' I may as well state to you at the very commencement, that, from the limited time placed at my disposal, my address will ne cessarily partake of a very desultory and ge neral character. At the same time, I hope to he able to givo you a briof and general des cription of the religions that prevail in that land, and then to pass on to such detailed statement respecting their Government, their literary system, their usages and custom*:1, and their civil institutions, as m-iy en able you to carry away from this meet ing a tolerably accurate estimate of the political, moral, and social condition of that people. 'The very name of China is calculated to raise a feeling of curiosity and interest in the mind of the man of letters, as well as of the Christian philanthropist. Her great antiquity as a nation — the vast amount of her population — her isolated position among the kingdoms of tho earth — the long period during which fhe has maintained her seclusion from the rest of mankind — the peculiar form of her social in stitutions — and the prominence which she has lately occupied in the political events of eur native land. - all combine to give interest to my subject, and to direct attention to this remark able race. One of the most striking facts that we must observe concerning tho Chinese people is, the early, but stationary, civilisation which has prevailed amongst that race. China appears to have been from the very earliest period peopled by a race advanced in material civilisation, having a very simple form of religion, and possessing a system of patriarchal government That country possesses an authentic history dating back nearly two thousand years before tho Christian era. That continent seems to have been peopled by an early migration from the cradle of tho human rase ; there seems to have been an early movement eastward from Mount Ararat ; and we find that at a period pre ceding any other known history she had her laws, institutions, and government. And such she has continued with but few interruptions down to the present time. For some few in tervals the vast continent of China was divided amongst several independent governments, re sembling what occurred during our own Saxon Heptarchy ; but for more than two thousand years she has remained under one government, partaken of the same customs, and such as she was then she is in tho main at the present time. A remarkable circumstance connected with China is, that we find originally the reli lion of the country to have been a pure mono theism. Probably in no part of the pagan world have we plainer recegnitions than those we find in the writings of the earliest sages, of an Almighty Ruler and Upholder of the uni verse ; and though there are but few and ob scure intimations respecting the Divine Being, yet all the early Jesuit writers and historians of the Chinese people who first imported into Europe any detailed acquaintance with that country, give as their uniform testimony, that the Chinese in early times attributed to this Al mighty Being tho attributes of wisdom, power, and justice, deposing evil princes, sus taining virtuous monarchs, and direct ing the affairs of this lower world. The Supreme Being they call Teen (Heaven), or Shang Ti (the Supreme Ruler). But about a thousand years ago, during the Sung dynasty, there arose a school of materialist philosophers, who introduced their comments on the writings of the sages, so as to give an atheistic turn to the whole system. There was in their system no longer an Almighty Ruler of the world, but a mere material principle of order and of fatal ism, denominated Li. But besides this recog nition of an Almighty Ruler of the world, the ancient belief of the Chinese also peopled the various departments of nature, the elements, the hills, the vales, and the rivers, with an in termediate and subordinate class of beings whom they denominated Shin (spirits or demi gods) — who have come to be at the present time tho popular divinities of China. They reserved the worship of the Supreme Being for the Emperor, who, as the Great High Priest of the nation, at certain periods offered up solemn sacrifices. Then tho various classes in the sub ordination of civil and military officers, wor shipped these demigods, these spirits or angels, the messengers or servants of tho Supreme Being. The highest class of mandarins worshipped the spirits or gods of heaven ; a step below these worshipped the gods of earth ; find those still lower in the social scale worship ped the gods of the lower regions So that the re ligion of the people, which was originally Monotheism, afterwards degenerated into Poly theism, and has at length become associated with the idolatrous worship of gods of wood, stone, and metal. There are also the more rrcent idolatrous systems of the Taouists or Buddhists, and tho worship of the national canonized heroes of men who from time to time have been elevated to tho divine rank by the will of the Emperor. It has thus come to pass that the Chinese, though monotheists ac cording to the tenets of their ancient writings, are yet in practice idolaters. And here I would remark, before I leave this part of my sub ject, an interesting circumstance connected with the diffusion of Buddhism through China. The Buddhists arrived in China about tho period of the Christian era ; and it is well known from their history, that it was principally by means of an itinerant priest hood, by printed books and by tho press, that Buddhism was propagated through the eighteen provinces of China. But if I were to speak of tho native religious sects in China, I should leave you under a misapprehension, unless I stated that in China, except among tho priests of each religious system, there is hardly such a thing as a religious sect. Tho whole multitude seem to recognize the mental and moral ascendancy of Confucius as their great law-giver and teacher — the great national sage of China, who generally advised his disciples not to attend too much to the concerns of another life. His argument was characteristic — that we have only an imperfect knowledge of the affairs of this life ; why, then, should we waste our time in vainly attempting to understand the things of another world ?--- that we cannot well and perfectly perform tho duties of this world, how then can we hope to please the gods ? But besides tho priests of these Buddhist and Taouist superstitions, there are no persons who range themselves as parti sans beneath the banner of any religious sect in China. The empire of superstition is, how ever, almost universal in that land. Their scholars generally profess to disbelieve in ido latry and polytheism ; but the illiterate class of tho people, and the female sex generally, when ever a domestic calamity occurs, send for a Buddhist or a Taouist priest, who comes and performs various incantations and charms. This is the only way in which idolatrous rites are reoognised by the Chinese, and obtain a prevalence in the country. The Taouist monks are not so numerous as the Buddhist priests; and, perhaps, we might say that on the whole Buddhism is tho most prevailing and in fluential form of superstition known in China. And yet their priests seem to exercise very little influence on society. They are gene rally found in numbers of from ten to a hun dred ; some monasteries possess so large a number as three hundred priests. They have endowments in land and in the offerings of their votaries ; but they possess no respect in the minds of the people. They go about from place to place begging alms and ready to hire their services on any occasion of domestic calamity ; but they are generally men who have been sold in their infancy and become tho pro perty of the temples ; or are driven by their poverty or their crimes, or by outlawry, to find an asylum within these temples. It is a strange and affecting sight to see these monks in China, sauntering about in the precincts of the temples with an idiotic smile and vacant stare, scarcely raised in intellect above the animal creation. These men are universally despised by the Go vernment, and by the scholars of the country. But there is nothing like reverence amongst the Chinese people for religion. For instance, during the New Year holidays it is a common thing to see the temples filled with gambling tables ; it is a common thing to see theatrical representations, too, carried on in their sacred buildings. I once saw a priest who, in order to practice asceticism, had burnt off with a slow match one of 'his fingers to the end of the second joint, with tho view, as he conceived, of obtaining greater purity, and to purge away some of the grosser eltments which form the compound being — man. But generally throughout tho country beyond a few idle senseless superstitions, there appears to be no interest on tho subject of religion ; and, probably, the statement might with truth be made, that in no part of tho world are there so few positive obstacles of a strictly religious kind to oppose the progress of Christianity. I pass on to notice one custom universally prevalent among the Chinese race, which is found more firmly enthroned in the national belief, and that is the worship of ancestors. I know scarcely any custom which requires more delicacy, more kindliness, more wisdom, more forbearance' in the intercourse between foreign ers and Chinese, than this custom of worship ping their ancestors. It forms a great difficulty in the intercourse between the missionaries and the Chinese race. I should state to you that the Chinese believe every man to have three souls; at death, one of these souls passes into the world of invisible spirits, the other is in ducted to its habitation at the tomb by a super stitious ceremony, and tho third is supposed to abide at the ancestral tablet ; this is a small wooden plane, about twelve inches long by three inches wide, and is inscribed with the name of tho deceased, and the period in which he lived. Now, however much the Chinese race may differ in other respects, however lax they may appear in holding their own national super stition, yet tho worship of their ancestors is tho great duty which every Chinaman fulfils, and which he never neglects on his return, even after long separation from his native land. In some parts of the country tho most beautiful scenes in tho rural districts are occupied by those little ancestral halls, in which a clan pre serves with reverent respect tho ancestral tab lets of the first founders of their family. They sometimes date back many centuries, and record tho simple fact, that such a person of a certain name, perhaps a twelfth or thirteenth of that pedigree, came from such a province in the in terior, and settled in that district ; and before those tablets the Chinese are accustomed to burn incense, to place offerings of food, to offer sacrifices from time to time, and, in fact, to perform all that homage which in other coun tries is generally afforded to deities. During a recent visit in tho northern parts of China, about six mouths ago, I took a journey of about thirteen days from the city of Ningpo, through a portion of the province of Chehkeang to Shang hae. I stayed during that trip for a period of four days in tho large and populous city of Hanghbow. It is about the third most populous city in tho empire ; it is estimated to contain two millions of population. They have a saying in China, that ' Heaven is above and Soochow and Hanghbow are below,' from which you may see the great celebrity which it enjoys throughout the whole of the empire. Its scenery is of the most beautiful and striking kind ; it is the seat of the Govornor of tho province, and the abode of vast numbers of native scholars. During my stay of four days at the beautiful lake near tho western suburb of that city, I mingled amongst the population that came out to those picturesque park like hills, groves, and avenues, and with hundreds of Buddhist monks who people every nook and corner of those lovely and sequestered retreats. On one of those days, which was a great festive occiision, when by ancient traditional custom they go forth to worship and to weep at tho tombs and to offer sacrifices to the shades of their ancestors, it was one of the most affecting sights to see the old and tho young, clad in holiday costume, carrying gilt paper, folded in imitation of gold and silver bullion, which they burn reverently before the tomb with superstitious belief that the fumes which arise from the embers would be transferred into real money in the world of spirits for the use of the departed. I felt that it required great delicacy and tact on the part of foreign teachers interfering with a custom so intimately linked with the national customs, and the need of great caution till they are well prepared by matured experience to teach them a better belief. I think that in no part of the world is there more respect paid to the memory of the dead or more reverence shown to ancestors than there is in China. I once saw a magnificent tomb which must have cost an immense sum of money, lately raised by a rich family to tho memory of a deceased father. But it appears that in some of the carved images of animals, or what we should call the armonial bearings or escutcheon, along the precinct of this tomb, they had departed slightly from tho ancient precedent, and had brought themselves within tho meshes of some sumptuary law. Tho mandarins of the neigh borhood, desirous of practising extortion, gladly seized tho opportunity, and involved the family in law suits which ultimately, stripped them of all the property they possessed. Tho tomb is the only thing that now remains of the large property amassed by the deceased, parent. Frequently as I saw in different parts of tho country, the great respect given to parents, the deference paid to age, the great power of authority conceded by universal con sent to ancient mothers and grandmothers, I felt that this was a feature in their national character which could be equalled probably in no other part of the world. I believe that the national cohesion of China during so vast and unprecedented a period of time, amid tho ruin of surrounding empires, and the frequent changes of her own dynasties, is a remarkable historical comment on the fulfilment of the temporal promise annexed to the fifth com mandment, ' Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.' It may appear strange that a people who pay such respect to their parents, and show such veneration to age, should generally be supposed to have none of the kindly feelings and tender pity dictated by human nature towards their own offspring. I fear that with all my predi lections in favor of tho Chinese character, I must state that the report of the prevalence of female infanticide in China is only too true. It may not be right to say that the prac tice prevails in all parts of the country, yet I have taken great pains to learn from the people in distant villages, and to collect statistical facts ; and, grounding my opinion on these data, I have been compelled to come to the conclusion that in the villages of the island of Amoy, and in tho adjacent parts of the province of Fokeen, nearly one half of the female offspring are put to death, and this not so much from any cruelty on the part of the parents, as from the poverty of the rustic population. They never put to death their male offspring, knowing that as soon as a son comes to man's age, he will be able to sup port his parents in honorable ease. But their daughters are considered as useless encum brances, and after a period are married into other families. They believe too, that females cannot perform sacrificial offerings to the dead, consequently families without a son consider it a very great misfortune, as there is no one to sustain tho family name, and no one from year after year to worship at the tombs, and to offer sacrificial rites. The dreadful effects of female infanticide are checked in some parts of tho country by tho institution of foundling hospitals. Tho Chinese infants rescued from drowning, or pickcd up by the way side, are brought to the hospitals, and passed through a little- drawer into the inner part of the building. But I believe that these foundlings are saved from an early death, only to be purchased by Chinese speculators in after times, and subjected too generally to a life of degradation, worse than death itself in infancy. The marriage customs of the Chinese have one peculiar feature that would strike us as very objectionable. Their marriage contracts are generally made in very early life, and the se verest penalties are imposed upon any Chinese family who commits any breach of contract in regard to matrimonial engagements. They are generally betrothed in childhood by their pa rents, and their own wishes or inclinations are never consulted. Some time ago I had a pupil who, after spending four years in Melbourne, returned home, being commanded by his father to marry. He had ten thousand dollars with him, and was a very intelligent respectable youth. Tho occasion of his wedding was the first interview he had had with his wife. Yet he was twenty-four years of age, and had been engaged to her for sixteen, years. Though he had thus been betrothed at the early age of eight years, and had lived for sixteen years within two English miles of her father's house, he had never fixed his eyes on the face of his bride until the occasion of the wedding day, when, led out from the gaily decorated sedan chair of the marriage procession, she was lifted by two matrons over the threshold of her husband's dwelling, and introduced for the first time to her future lord and master. To such an extent do they carry these early betrothals, that cases have been known of two Chinese mothers who were neighbors agreeing to betroth their yet unborn offspring, in the event of their being of oppo site sexes. And when you see this state of things you cannot be surprised to hear that polygamy prevails in China, and carries with it no disgrace. The first wife whom a man marries at the command of his parents is con sidered the only proper and legitimate wife. They rule paramount in the household, and tho other wives are called by lower titles, as se condary wives, but their children are legitimate. The first wife is alone considered the mistress of the household, and often treats the other secondary wives with tyranny and cruelty, as drudges and slaves. In conversing with en lightened Chinese who had been for a long time acquainted with foreigners, I have sometimes dwelt on the unreasonableness of these customs. Even when they saw the unreasonableness only to a slight extent of other practices, they all seemed to regard polygamy as most prolific in domestic misery, and one of the greatest curses of the land. They said that no imagination could picture the cruelty, the tyranny, and the suicides which prevail in households through the plurality of wives. Then, again, as regards the small feet of Chinese women : many persons may think this a very perverted taste ; and such undoubtedly it is. But it is a strange fact that those Chinese who have associated with foreigners, and have travelled through Europe and America, come back with undiminished attachment to this foolish fashion. I knew a Chinaman who lived for some years in England who had the advan tage of a good education, and was flattered and carressed in every way, who even gave his au tograph to the Queen and Prince Albert. He was for some four or five years an inmate of my house, and yet I suspected that all along it was only my influence that prevented him from cramping his daughter's feet ; and when two years ago I returned from a visit to England I found his little daughter hobbling about with her feet tightly bandaged. It is done from the absurd idea that otherwise they will lose caste, and will no longer have tho appearance of gen tility, unless at least one daughter of the family ' complies with the absurd usage. There is one point which I must notice before I leave this part of my subject, it is the Chinese estimate of well doing ; it is one that might be copied and followed by the subjects and citizens of every country in the world. A Chinaman when he wants to do virtuous deeds on a large scale, repairs idol temples — (that I would not recommend) — he beautifies the public buildings, builds bridges, raises useful institutions, erects places of public refreshment on the high roads, and in this way he endeavors to obtain a place in the remem brance of the people, and is sometimes honored by the permission of tho Emperor to allow his children to erect a monumental arch in memory of his good deeds. I have seen in Southern India, in Palamcotta, the chief town in Tinne velly, an elegant and substantial bridge across the river, that must have cost £10,000, built by a rich Brahmin, for the convenience and benefit of the public. He had saved a large amount of money from the emoluments of an office held under the British Government. I will now offer a few remarks upon the Government of China. Here I must observe that the theory of patriarchal government and paternal rule pervades every department of the empire. This theory of patriarchal govern ment often degenerates into a severe rule We find this boasted patriarchal govern ment of the Chinese Government very oppres sive through the cruelty and corruption of the subordinate officers. The Emperor is absolute ; his will is law throughout the empire ; yet the autocracy of tho Chinese monarch is a very modified absolutism. Tho people generally seem to have no doubt of the benevolence of the im perial will ; they only deubt tho rectitude and the integrity of the mandarins who are ap pointed to carry that will into execution. In their courts of justice strange scenes sometimes occur. You may have seen pictorial represen tations of the forms of judicial procedure in Chinese courts, and from tho large number of attendants and executioners you would think that a great deal of terror was inspired and cruelty exercised. A few months ago I was staying with a family at Shanghae. A theft had been committed, and it was found neces sary to call in the aid of tho Chinese mandarins. Two Chinese who had been dwelling in the family, a nurse and a tailor, were arrested, and remanded from time to time for examination before the district magistrate. One of the clergy residing near was commissioned to go and watch the proceedings, and to act as an in terpreter. On his return he reported to us, that though the defendants had as usaal to kneel on the ground before the magistrate and to beat their heads on the ground, yet that their impu dence and boldness towards tho mandarins ex ceeded all his expectations; that it was merely a quarrel between the two defendants — the wo man giving vent to her tongue in the most abusive language. It was, in fact, such a pro ceeding as would not be tolerated in an Euro pean court of law. I stated that though the Emperor of China is absolute, yet it is a modi fied absolute government in China. In fact there are various and very powerful channels of democratic influence in China. The demo cratic element is becoming formidable, and few of the rulers dare to shut their ears altogether to the popular voice. Tho institution which above all others gives force to Chinese democ racy, is the ancient system of literary degrees — in other words, a system of competitive ex amination for tho posts of honor, and tho emo luments of office. In China, from ancient times the professed theory of the government has been to confer the highest offices of the state on those natives who have acquired lite rary degrees. And it is a remarkable fact that the Mantchow Tartars, who above two centuries ago subjugated China by force of arms, have in their, turn been conquered by the civilization of the subject race, respecting this literary sys tem of promotion, and consenting to associate the Chinese race with themselves in the govern ment of the country. The first or lowest degree is conferred by examination in every depart ment. Every third year an examination is held of these sew tsai graduates, for promotion to the second or higher degree of keu-jin, in the capi tal cities of each province. In the province of Canton the number of successful candidates is limited by law to seventy two. Three months ago I visited the large building in the interior of tho city, in which the triennial examinations are held. There are about eight thousand cells in which tho students are placed, strictly guarded and narrowly watched, to prevent any illicit help from without. They have a subject given them for the composition of a literary essay On three successive days. The excellence is made to consist in adapting these compositions in antithesis of style, of sentiment, and of tone to the standard and model of tho ancient classics. After a certain time all their compo sitions are sent, sealed, under an assumed motto, to the Government examiners, and after a period of some few weeks has elapsed the names of tho successful seventy-two candidates are inscribed on a placard and exposed to public view. The literary chancellor of the pro vince, or some other high mandarin brings out the list, and after reverently bowing to the placard, retires within the walls of the gover nor's palace. Three guns announce to tho citizens of Canton the success of the much en vied scholars. In process of time tho news is rapidly spread over tho province, and the students return to their native districts amongst the congratulations and plaudits of their friends. So influential is this system of literary degrees on the Chinese that in the poorer families it sometimes happens that if any child appear to possess more than ordinary talent, the promis ing scion of the family is exempted from the necessity of bodily labor, his friends contribut ing from their hard earnings to allow him to give his time without distraction to his studies, in the hope that he may some day obtain a literary degree, be in consequence promoted to wealth, honor, and emolument, and ultimately be the means of aggrandising his family. All tho people arc admissible to these literary exa minations except three classes — priests, play actors, and menials. The Mantchow Tartar dynasty has committcd a great mistake by clos ing this safety valve to the aspirations of native patriots, and disaffected individuals of Chinese descent. In China, if any man has a sense of humiliation at being governed by a foreign dynasty, if he desires to be rid of a foreign yoke, or if any one desires to obtain political distinction, there is no necessity for him to become an agitator or a demagogue. In the ordinary course of things he is able to seek political office by success in the literary exami tions necessary for every man's promotion in the State. Thus the most ardent minds, when engaged in a protracted course of studies, gra dually cool down, till at length they are as much interested ia the stability of the Mantchow Tartar dynasty as even those who are of Tartar descent. The Mantchow Tartars have greatly imperilled their tenure of power by discouraging the sys tem of literary competition. Some intelligent Chinese have told me that it was usual under the Old Native Ming dynasty to bestow all situations in the Government only on those who distinguished themselves at these examina tions. Beyond tho two lower degrees already specified, there is a higher grade called Tsin-sze to which only 360 graduates are promoted at Peking, once in three years, from the whole empire. Beyond that degree again there is the admission to the Han-lin, or ' forest of pencils,' a national college of the highest literati, to which only thirty scholars are admitted, at each triennial examination, from the whole of China. From amongst their number are selected the chief Ministers of State and grave councillors to advise the Emperor in matters of emergency. The Mantchow Tartars, instead of imitating the policy of the former dynasty, in giving away all their offices of State to the successful scholars and graduates, havo been led, through the necessities of an impoverished exchequer, greatly aggravated, if not originally caused, by the indemnity-money paid to tho British, at the conclusion of the former war, in 1842, to bestow honors and offices on wealthy purchasers making donations to the State, aud thus virtually to put ' up these official promotions for sale throughout the empire. It is complained that, out of every ten vacant offices, about three are given to 1 Mantchow Tartars on the ground of birth, one is given in return for money or a pecuniary 1 bribe, and only six are given to poor students on the exclusive ground of literary merit. I believe that the Maatchow Tartars are fast losing the attachment of the Chinese scholars throughout the land, on account of this outrage on popular opinion, and this insult to Confucian literature, in the persons of the slighted literary graduates. To obtain a literary degree, never theless, continues to be an object of the highest ambition to tho Chinese. On tho outside of dwellings you may sometimes see in Chinese characters, about a yard in length and breadth (inscribed so as to be read at the distance of many hundred yards), an announcement which consists of a simple intimation that a member of that household, perhaps as long ago as a great grandfather, had attained what is equivalent to our M.A. or LL.D degree. That simple fact was handed down from generation to genera tion outside the dwelling ; and though poverty might now be the lot of that humble family, they by this literary escutcheon universally command respect. Any scholar thus distin guishing himself acquires a lasting honor even for his parents, for the father of a highly dis tinguished graduate has all the terms of respect given to tho superior order of mandarins. Perhaps China is the only country in the world where a youth can acquire the power and have the opportunity of ennobling his ancestors. I stcted that this system of encouraging litera ture and promoting poor scholars forms a great ovitlet for democratic feeling am«ng the Chinese. When the scholars are assembled together for examination, they are accustomed, doubtless, to discuss any real or supposed grievances. When I was visiting the city of Hangchow the trien nial examinations were in course of Leing held, and those assembled scholars took the oppor tunity to placard the walls of the city with some very severe criticisms upon the acts of the Government, more especially as to the concessions they had lately made to the British and other foreign ambassadors. These placards are their only substitute for a free press. They are accustomed to write up against the city gates placards containing political squibs and anonymous lampoons against tbe magistrates. On one occasion, at Ningpo, a number of anonymous placards wero posted, in which some discontented scholars called atten tion to an act of corruption and dishonesty on the part of a newly-arrived officer, who had just been promoted to be a district magistrate at Ningpo. They warned tho people against his servants, who, in a former sphere of his magis terial duties, had been in the habit of fleecing the people by their extortions, and receiving pecuniary bribes in order to propitiate ostensi bly the favor of their masters. One aot of cor ruption of which he was accused was that of making out a list of successful scholars, in which it appears that some means were adopted by which unfair partiality was shown to the son of a rich man. For this it was commonly re ported that a bribe of two thousand dollars had been given. The placard contained a list of all the scholars in their different names and order, till they came to this unpopular and unmerito rious individual, beside whose name was put merely the designation ' Mr r'wo Thousand Dollars.' In fact, no government in China could afford to slight the opinion of the scholars. When difficult matters come before tho local provincial authorities, they are accustomed t» invite the gentry and scholars to give their united counsel, and thus endeavor to test the popular feeling respecting it. A memorial from 'the scholars is often sufficient to bring down from the Imperial Court at Peking, a speedy rectification of any flagrant abuse, and exerts a potent check on corrupt and unpopular magistrates. The scholars are exempt from corporeal punishments, and examination by tor ture, in many ways psssessing weight and en joying prescriptive rights. They ordinarily have direct access to the mandarins, and pos sess a power which we might compare without danger of misunderstanding to what was known in mediæval times by ' benefit of clergy.' China is at the present time in a state of great disorder and convulsion ; a great part of the country seems to be almost in a chronic state of rebellion. Tho lecal mandarins are generally corrupt, compensating for their small stipends by extortionate gains. They receive bribes and practise injustice ; and often this gives rise to local disturbances. Tho people nave no scruple under such circumstances in rising in a body and burning down the houses of the mandarins. Every local official knows it is dangerous to lay the burden of their exac tions too heavily upon tho people ; for if the people rise in tumult they are ruined men. If there is any disturbance of the peace the mandarins are usually liable to be punished for not tranquilising tho multitude and pre serving tho quietude of their district, however skilful they may be in putting down the dis turbance. Generally an unfortunate magis trate, who has been so unskilful or so inefficient as to promote a disturbance, has no other course left to him than to commit suicide, and then to obtain a condonation of his demerits, often in tho shape of posthumous honors. The Chinese, ordinarily, are one of the most orderly, tract able, and docile races in tho world. Until they have a real grievance, and real grounds for dis content, they aro generally found to pay strict obedience to tho laws. The most dangerous feature in their social institutions is the preva lence of secret societies ; and there is especially one society, which prevails in tho south of China, called the Sam Hop Hwai, or the ' Triad Society,' which is the occasion of great anxiety to the Government, and gives fre quently great trouble to the provincial rulers. Two hundred years ago it. 'appears to have beenamere combinationof political adherents to the old Chinese Ming dynasty ; and the asso ciation was formed for the purpose of expelliug the Mantchow Tartar dynasty. But tho ori giaal objects of tho society have been appar ently lost sight of, and now they serve as a mere nucleus for the disorderly, disaffected, lawless elements of society, affording to crimi nals the moans of baffling detection by the po lice through a system of papers, secret signs, and oaths of mutual protection and help. The members of tho Triad and other secret societies have given great trouble to the Government, and are at the bottom of all the local rebellions on the Chinese coast. It has been my lot to be present frequently at these scenes of local re bellion and riot ; and I can assure you they are very serious matters. Though there is very little courage in the combatants, the results are most appalling, in the spectacle of whole dis tricts ruined, agricultural and commercial pur suits interrupted, and daily labor brought to an end. During the fifteen years of my acquaint ance with China, I have been residing at times in tho city of Ningpo during no less than three distinct local rebellions. These rebellions had no connection whatever with any secret socie ties ; they were all the involuntary utterings of tho popular heart, wearied, goaded, and burdened with the grievances of the local mandarins. In 1845, the man darins of Ningpo kept a strict watch at the gates, through fear of sudden assault and cap ture of the city. It appears that when the as sembled scholars were brought together for examination, at the neighboring district city of Fungkwa, on account of some recent case of cor ruption, they had risen in a body upon the ex aminers. The mandarins who were sent to negotiate with them were ignominiously beaten and put to flight, and a period of violent con vulsion and division ensued. In 1 852 again, thero was another revolt, arising from the oppressive exactions of the farmer of the salt monopoly ;' and again, in the past year, during my recent visit to Ningpo, there was a most serious local rebellion among the rural popu lations, extending twenty miles cast of the city walls. In these eastern villages the land was out of cultivation, and the people were For months continually lighting with the man larins. At first the sympathies and secret wishes of tho citizens were in favor of tho oppressed villagers, but at last the stoppage of trade caused impatience ; the head mandarins hired Cantonese pirates to do their work, and the rioting villagers were overpowered. This revolt arose from so simple a matter as tho exchange of money. It appears that tho local authorities issued paper notes, but tho ciedit of tho Government could not keep up their value to that of the copper coinage. The mandarins issued a daily proclamation that for a thousand copper coins the discount should never be less than a certain sum named. But it was found that the country people would dis- obey these official orders and disregard their threats- As they received their wages in one kind of money and had to pay taxes with an- other, they were subjected to heavy losses, and a most bloody series of riots took place. I happened to live on tho edge of an open space, used as a military exercise ground, in tho centre of the city, where every day the chief , mandarin, called tho Taoutae, exercised his soldiers and prepared them for an onslaught. On one occasion, while in tho missionary's house in which 1 was residing, we saw a con- course of people assembling before our dwel ling. Proceeding to the spot, we heard a gun fire at a mandarin station, at a little distance ; soon after we saw a poor rustic, of middle age, brought in a sedan chair; he was turned hastily out upon tho ground ; there was a yell of sanguinary hatred from the mandarin soldiers and a part of the crowd ; a number of crackers and fireworks were discharged ; two or three executioners displayed and flourished aloft their broadswords. They then hastened to their wretched victim, who quietly met his fate. Gloating in bloodshed, they vied with each other in hacking the head from his shoulders. In less space than it has taken me to narrate, and within ten seconds of time, I saw that poor man's head severed from his body and thrown aloft a dozen yards in the air. Placed in a little wooden vessel, it was forthwith carried off to be put on the battle ments of the city. There was a wild rush of people endeavoring to saturate their handker chiefs and towels in tho blood from the still bleeding corpse, in the superstitious belief of its acting as a charm or spell against ghosts and evil spirits. This man was said to be a fortune teller, and was, on the information of a spy, suddenly captured as a rebel while pursuing his vocation at a table in the street, and summarily convicted and put to death. It is difficult to say how many thousands of innocent wretches have thus suffered in these local riots. In the year 1854 I was residing in Canton during the general dread of a capture of the city by Triad Society rebels spread over the whole province. During the tenure of office by the notorious and unfortunate Commissioner Yeh, no less than seventy thousand Chinese are estimated to have been beheaded for political crimes. In 1853 the city of Amoy was captured by a body of the same Triad rebels. I went with a missionary to the palace of the Chinese tetuk or admiral, where we witnessed a body of ruf fianly freebooters and pirates carrying out all tho forms of a petty court, decked out in red turbans, and forging weapons in the prin cipal square. The end was that after a few weeks the pirates found it convenient to retire to their junks, and the mandarins returned. Tho latter then proceeded to despatch about a thousand inoffensive men in order that they might send up to the Emperor a grand pom pous narrative of the bravery of the troops in putting down the rebellion, and receive decora tions and peacocks' feathers from Peking. And my friend, Captain Fishbourne, of the Hermes, who saw this massacre from the deck of his vessel, sent some men-of-war's boats to the rescue. The crews forcibly interfered, and as sisted in saving about a thousand men from instant execution. I was present also at Shanghae in the year 1853, when that city was also taken by a body of local Triad Society rebels, when tho district magistrate was slain. The city was held by them for a year and a half, till it was recaptured by the mandarins. All this sinks into insignificance, however, com pared with the vast rebellion in the interior of China, which for the last eight years has more or less convulsed tho southern parts of the empire, and which for six years has been con centrated in tho city of Nanking, the old capital of the empire. Time will not permit me to enter into details on this subject ; but I will merely say that the Taeping rebels appear to have originally set out from the province of Kwangsee. After various alternations of suc cess and failure, they, in the spring of 1853, captured by assault tho city of Nanking, and put their Tartar opponents to the sword. They seem to have received some vague knowledge of Christian doctrines engrafted upon tho Pagan views of Confucianism, and to have waged a wild warfare as fierce iconoclasts upon the old temples of priosthood and image-worship of the country. Among other strange things they put forth a Chinese version of portions of the Scrip tures. I have myself collated their Books of Genesis, Exodus, and Matthew's Gospel, with a Protestant version of the Bible published by the British and Foreign Bible Society, and found it a literal and exact transcript, They have put forth also various forms of prayer, some of which were not inconsistent with a Christian profession ; but with all this they mingled up a great number of falsehoods and blasphemies, the chief calling himself the second son of God. They have also perpetrated many sanguinary acts. One of the subordinate princes, called the Southern King, appears to have imbibed some knowledge of religion from the perusal of our Scriptures, and after composing some of their books to have been slain in battle; leaving behind him no quali fied teacher to fill his place. One of the sub ordinate princes, the Eastern King, called him self tbe Holy Ghost the Comforter. Tho pro sent state of that extensive movement is, I fear, what it might under the circumstances reason ably be expected to become. After being for six years shut up in the capital, cut off from all contact with the influences of missionary in structors, and left to the devices of their own half-enlightened minds, it was too much to ex pect that under such exceptional circumstances, the leaders should not have deteriorated in knowledge and practice, and evil have not proved more potential than good. Though it would have been an unjustifiable step for British dip lomatists to have propped up by foreign bayonets so corrupt, effete, and cruel a dynasty as the Mantchow Tartar Government, yot on the other hand I think also that the present tendencies and developments of the Taeping movements are of too dubious and unsatisfac tory a character to justify the wish under any circumstances that foreign intervention had been exerted in its behalf. What may be the result of this strange rebellion it is impossible to foresee. No missionary engaged in China could fail to look upon tho Taeping movement without feelings of excited interest and sanguine expectation. I believe it would have argued a want of natural and proper enthusiasm in his cause, and of hopefulness in the final results of his work, if any missionary had looked upon such a move ment involving a partial recognition of Chris tian truth and a partial circulation of the Chris tian Scriptures without feeling that it was a 1 marvellous event which God might, in his Pro- - vidence, overrule for the propagation of Chris tianity and the ultimate introduction of a better faith. The fact is, that tho whole of China is in a state of disorganisation and convulsion. If - you go to some of tho districts on the sea-board of Canton province, you behold a succession of village warfares and faction fights, and you find every man's hand against his neighbor. Three years ago, I made a tour of seventy miles on a part of the mainland opposite to Hong Kong. Tho farthest point which I reached was distant about fifty miles from that island. I was visiting some German missionary sta- tions. Early one morning I was suddenly sum- moned by the boating of a gong and tho noise of drums, and my missionary friend hastened to my room entreating me in tho most earnest manner to hurry out of the dwelling I and escape from tho village. I found that this noise was tho calling of the villagers to arms against a neighboring village, distant only three miles. The elder inhabitants of the village who represented the peace party, were remonstrating against tho disorderly young men of the district, tho war-at- any-price party. They succeeded for a time in delay ing this threatened conflict, but, later in the day, a most sanguinary conflict took place, in which some of the combatants lost their eyes, and others had fractured limbs, though I be lieve no life was lost. All these conflicts arose from the pettiest causes— such as tho right to some well, or the property in some pineapple grounds, or the rent of some little piece of land. Tho mandarins were utterly powerless to pre vent these émeutés. They had collected in this district no taxes for about ten years, no officer being bold enough to visit those disturbed dis tricts ; and tho Chinese laws were without effect in stopping these excesses. I saw whole villages depopulated, the houses gutted, and the people dispersed. I have reason to believe that many of those Chinese emigrants who visit your shores are men who have been driven away by political disturbances in the villages of the interior, and especially of the southern coast of China ; and that they have sought in this land that quiet opportunity of toil for their sub sistence which they were unable to find in their own country. In fact, the danger to the Mantchow Tartar dynasty is that tho whole empire is heaving in a state of convulsion, and the whole country is out of joint. There is no such thing as patriotism in the land ; there is no public spirit, no integrity, no loyalty in their statesmen ; there is no secu rity for the liberal politician who, rising above the general level of ability or of worth, dares to utter sentiments favorable to foreign nations ; there is no opportunity of enlightening the im perial mind as to the power of other countries. The consequence is, that at tho present time China presents a very mixed and melancholy picturc to the mind. Centering within itself tho elements of great natural prosperity, and including within it twenty degrees of latitude, it combines the various productsof temperatercgions and the tor rid zone. It contains a thrifty, industrious, order ly population, who need but a good and cnlight ened government to give security of person aud of property, in order to render China the first and leading people among Asiatic nations, Tho character of the people, of course, bears a double aspect. On the one hand we must not expect among a pagan nation that high moral standard of character which we recognise in Christian countries. The state of morality is such as we must ever expect to find prevailing in the ab sence of the holy precepts and moral restraints of the Bible. Infanticide is, in some parts of the empire, legalised by custom, and almost divested of disgrace by its frequency. The paucity of females is one dreadful consequence of this custom, and leads to a variety of awful crimes, habitually staining the domestic hearth. There is a dreadful prevalence of all the vices charged by the Apostle Paul in his Epistle to tho Romans, upon tho ancient heathen world. There is a general disregard of truth, and a tendency to dishonesty and deceit in their ordinary transactions between man and man. But they are, with all these unfavorable traits, found to be in the main an orderly, gentle, temperate, kindly, aud well-disposed race. At the present timo the Spanish Governor of the Phillipine Islands would gladly encourage the introduction of Chinese laborers as a means of agricultural and commercial wealth to the Phillipines. Tens of thousands of acres of rich uncultivated ground would, by means of Chinese immigrants, pro duce all the various products of tropical cli mates. At present these rich lands are lying wild and untilled from the absence of labor. There is, it is true, a material civilization in China, but it is a mere tinsel splendour. In tho palaces of the mandarins there is no such thing as internal domestic comfort, The civil man darins are always promoted from a distant part of the country, where they leave their wives and families behind them, lest they should show any partiality in the administration of justice. The population of China, from tho most recent data, is estimated at four hundred millions. Amongst the two millions of Chinamen, who have emigrated to the Straits of Singapore, to Lacca, to Java, to Borneo, to Siam, to the islands of tho Eastern Archipelago, and to these colonies, only one female Chinese emi grant has left her native shores. At the pre sent time something has been done by foreign philanthropists, in the translation of useful and scientific works, on tho theory of storms, on the electric telegraph, and on the general prin ciples of astronomy. Dr Hobson has also pub lished a work on surgery, with plates showing the anatomy of the human frame ; and I believe it was the father of Yeh who voluntarily in curred the expense of reprinting this work and distributing it at Canton. As regards tho poli tical prospects of China under the new state of thingB, I may briefly state to you that Lord Elgin has, in my opinion, successfully and ef fectively performed his great, honorable, and arduous task. I trust and earnestly pray that those European powers who have lately appeared in such warlike de monstration and force on tho Chinese coast, and exhibited before that people their strength, the giant's attribute, may also in their future intercourse show that noblest spectacle of Christian government, in their su periority to the arts of oppression and in their philanthropic regard to the best interests of mankind. I trust that hereafter all the govern ments of Christendom will place great, and ade quate powers in the hands of their plenipo tentiaries and consular representatives for the restraint of lawlessness and crime. I much fear that the stipulation in tho various treaties by which the Chinese abandon their rights of territorial jurisdiction over foreigners coming to reside in their country may lead to great and complicated difficulties. Some governments are too poor or too parsimonious to pay a fair amount of stipend to their consuls, or to have a worthy representative at all in these consular cities ; tho consequence is that an unknown and unprincipled European or American has only to proclaim himself a subject of some European power unrepresented in China by a consul, and he is immediately placed beyond tho control of the Chinese authorities. There is at the present time a great danger of tho districts on the sea board being overrun with Portuguese pirates, Californian adventurers, runaway sailors, and tho moral scum and dregs of all parts of the world. Tho consequence is that these lawless persons may go into tho interior and become an occasion of terror, violence, and oppression to the helpless villagers. I trust, therefore, that having extorted from the Chinese these great concessions, foreign Governments will, in their turn, remember that they have a duty to per form, and that their own subjects must obey the stipulations contained in the treaties. Respecting the mercantile prospects opened up by the new relations of China with European powers, I am not qualified to speak with authority. But if I may express my own opinion, it is that it will be well for the merchants of England and the United States not to cherish too sanguine ex pectations of an immediate enlargement and expansion of their trade with that country. Without doubt, the favorable articles of the new tariff will operate beneficially ; but we know that all the operations of commerce, shipping, and trade cannot be forced; they must follow the natural and unvarying law of supply and demand. I trust that one great fact will ever bo kept before the minds of the English and American merchants — that a sure method of increasing their commerce with China and of augmenting their own mercantile gains will be to cherish generous and unselfish aims — to look beyond the mere question of immediate profit, ' and not for the sake of filthy lucre to pander to the sensual indulgencies and vicious tastes of tho Chinese — not to take advantage of tho new treaty to inundate the maritime provinces with a large increase in tho imports of opium — but rather to turn their attention to a reproductive commerce — to see that they endeavor to establish such a trade with China as should benefit both races; in short, to render foreign commerce the means of promoting the moral and material prosperity of those who, as industrious, thrifty, frugal customers, should take in exchange for their own produce a larger share of tho manufactured goods if Great Britain and the United States. The opium trade is a dark page in English history, and it is one of the foulest blots on the escutcheon of tho East India Company. As regards the prospects of Christianity and of Christian mission, I trust that as a Christian bishop I shall not be travelling out of my track when I say, that though Protestant missions are yet in their infancy in China, and have only a feeble beginning, I trust that there are not wanting grounds of hopefulness and motives to perseverance. In tho secure residence now given to missionary labors, in tho access now afforded to Europeans to every part of the empire, in the friendly, respectful demeanor of the native population, in the general prevalence of education throughout the land in tho liberal form of their social institutions, in the absence of any form of native superstition strongly enthroned in the national mind, and iu the growing tolerance of the Imperial Go vernment, we have much encouragement and hope of final success in our work. During the past year it was my privilege to confirm forty Chinese converts as tho fruits of our Church of England mission. Probably if I were to count up tho converts of all tho va rious Protestant missionary bodies in China I might roughly estimate the number of Christian baptisms within the present genera tion to amount to one thousand. As you are doubtless aware, the Roman Catholics have been for three centuries in that country, and they have a large number of adherents in dif ferent parts of the empire. Having stated these facts, and having already exceeded my limits of time, I must hastily bring my lecture to a close. Within the limits of ono lecture it would be impossible to comprise so large a subject as that of China and the Chi nese.' I would only, before I conclude, beg the Committee of the School of Arts kindly to accept for their library the gift of a volume on China of my own authorship, as a memorial of my lecture this evening, and as a supplement to its unavoidable omissions and deficiencies. If I have afforded this evening an hour's ra8 tional amusement to tho members of the School of Arts ; if I have lent my aid in diminishing the number of temptations to tho young men of this city by giving them an opportunity of pursuing intellectual recreation to the exclusion of sensual pleasure ; if I have succeeded in deepening in the minds of those who have kindly attended here this evening an intelli gent and philanthropic interest in China and the Chinese immigrants now attracted to these coasts, — then I feel that I have an amplo recompense for my task, and have not trespassed _ cn your patient and indulgent attention in vain. Permit me, ladies and gentlemen, in closing this lecture, to express the oarnest wish that all the intended benefits of this and similar institutions may be abun dantly realised in the mental and moral eleva tion of the rising generation of your youth ; that ia this new and growing metropolis of tho southern hemisphere tho arts and sciences of Christendom and the divine philosophy of tho Bible may produce their hallowed fruits on no uncongenial soil ; that the British oak trans planted to these Australian shores may ever reJ tain the freshness, the beauty, and the vigor of tho parent-stem ;— that the Anglo-Saxon race, born to its heritage of freedom, and true to its noblo descent, may long emulate all that is good in our father-land, and never degenerate in these regions of the Southern Cross ; that if ever (what some have exultingly predicted, but which may the Almighty long avert !) the power of Britain's maritime supremacy and tho lustre of Britain's imperial glory shall have begun to fade, and tho imaginary scene, depicted by an eloquent living writer, shall come to pass, of a New Zea lander sketching, from a broken pier of London bridge, the ruins of St. Paul's ; then, in such a possible, but (it is to bo hoped) re | mote contingency, it may be found that tho auu_ of Britain's greatness and opportunity has set in one hemisphere, only to ariso upon her children carrying forward, unier happier auspices, her mission in other lands. May the future history of our world then record that, while at these antipodes of our native land, wo were colonising the ends of the earth, laying the foundation of future empires, and forming the nucleus of vast and independent nationali ties — the genius of our Anglo-Saxon civilisation, and the spirit of our British Christianity, were also indelibly impressed on your character, in stitutions and laws, that, by your instru mentality, the great influences of Christian evangelisation were extended over the islands of the broad Pacific, and the Sun of Righteous ness at length beamed from tho waters of tho Southern Sea with healing on his wings. 