THJB BEDfDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLTSIII2D DAILY.J PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST. TUESDAY, SEPT. 27, 1850. THE PROSPECTS OF THE MINISTRY. THE table which we publish iu another column, and which has been compiled with great care, will show what the prospects of the Ministry are. Even if all the doubtful should become men of " stable mind," and go over to the Minis terial side, still Mr. O'Shauassy will find himself iu a lamentable minority of eleven, no very plea sant prospect for the opening of a new parlia mentary session, that is, as far as the " ins" are concerned; for the " outs" it will be pleasant enough. Still, who cau predicate with certainty of the votes of seventy-eight gentlemen what they will be 1 Who can say whether the opposition, now apparently so formidable and compact, may not be disunited before the opening day of Parlia ment. Some meeting in some store (not the celebratei "blue stone store" this time) may bring the opposition together only to separate in disgust with one another. The apple of discord may be thrown amongst them. A defeat of the present Ministry will imply the construction of a new one, but how to select seven gentlemen out of forty-three, every one of j whom regards himself as one of the " heaven born," and not make mortal enemies of the thirty six excluded ? Far be it from us to doubt the patriotism and independence of the great majority of the members of this our first really representative Assembly, as it is our duty to consider it. But somehow in Parliament, as out of it, personal feelings have their sway, aud when the question of a premier to be selected is on the carpet, what wonder if Brown thinks him self as good as Smith, aud regards himself as an injured, neglected, and depreciated man, if the shtir r,f sm:tn riaea m uuu ascendant,-wiint j wonder if Carpenter thinks himself as good a ' man as Pyke for the office of Mining Minister, i I or that Prendergast, having already got brevet j rank as Solicitor-General at the celebrated Maryborough supper, should pit himself for the Attorney-Generalship -ogainst that mercurial gentleman Mr. Wood, who comes into Parlia ment hot and reeking from the Ovens. It is not that the issue of the Parliamentary battle now about to come off ought to be in doubt for one moment. It isnot that the victory ought to be hard to win. i'hc difficulty will occur in the division of the spoils of conquest, and the worst of the business is that the lion's skin will be squabbled for, by anticipation, before the lord of the . (Government Ollices) forest is even brought to i bay. It will bo the old story again, most likely, I of the bundle of sticks. Par be it from us, j however, to make any irreverent comparison, even by implication, when the Parliament of the I people is iu question. All we mean to say is J that union is strength, and that there is a very j slight prospect of the opposition which looks so j formidable on paper remaining long united. ) As it is, notwithstanding the unfavorable j auspices with which the Parliamentary Session opens, the present Government have by no means J a bad card left in their hand, if they only know j how to play it. Their game is not lost-with a neat shuffle aud a little bold discarding, they may sweep the board yet. But according to all report, the Ministry are shuffling prematurely. First it has been insinuated by all the Melbourne papers that the Ministry has it in contemplation to prepare a difficulty for its successors, to "put them in a fix" by witholding from them, or at least from print, the Estimates, which it is un derstood are already prepared. This would, indeed, be a shabby device. Next, it is said, that the Ministry have determined to resign before Parliament meets; and this would be a shabbier business than the other. Let us hope, for the honor of the country, to say nothing of the honor of its statesmen, that neither of these rumors are more than the mere slip-slop of the Melbourne press. It is true that some allowance may be made for that feeling of irritation which Ministers who have had notice to quit must naturally feel. It is true, also, that this country may he very possibly a hard task-master, that it has an ugly habit of turning out one Ministry after another, in the apparently vain hope of at last getting a good one. Butthese things happen in all free countries, aud latterly, even in England, the life of a Cabinet is not on the average of a higher insurable .value than it is in this country. But iu England a Minister, even though he may leave office with regret,, at all events, leaves it like a gentleman, aud most certainly he does not disqualify himself from ever returning to power again. Else, where would Lord Palmerston have been in these days, that evergreen of almost all the Cabinets that ever were, or ever will be 1 When a Minister, yielding to the inevitable force of circumstances, for the moment leaves office, he ought still to keep one foot be. tween tbo door and the door posf, and leave, at least, the name of a high minded gentleman belied him, going out like the ghosts of Wood stock, with "a melodious twang," not slamming the door oehind him like a porter. W e know very well what would be the fate of a minister in England who had not the pluck to face a new Parliament, or who attempted to em barrass his successors, and to inflict, perhaps, irreparable injury upon the public service by resorting to BO pi'.iable a device as that of com pelling his successor at the close of the financial year, to construct estimates for himself. Such a i minister in England, if he escaped impeachment, would at all events be politic illy cut for ever, and 1 such, we hope, will be the fate of any Minister .in Victoria who degrades himself by placing factious impediments in the way of Constitu tional Government. We hope for the honor of statesmanship and for the interests of the country, that despite the gossip of the Melbourne press, Mr. O'Shanassy will meet the new Parliament boldly, and not belie the reputation for frankness and mauliness which even his enemies give him credit for, by shrinking from justifying as a Minister what ho has done as a Minister, and sneaking at once into the Opposition cover. Let it, at least, bo said of Mr. O'Shanassy, that nothing so much became his official life as the manner of his leaving it, and who knows but that one of these days, when Mr. O'Shanassy has sown the last of the wild oats of political youth, and by a diligent study of copybook texts has learned to avoid bad com pany, that he may return to office fragrant in all the odor of popularity, which he has not breathed for a long time past. 