NEW SOUTH WALES AUXILIARY MULE SOCIETY. THE annual public mooting of the No« South Wales Auxiliar j Bible Socict) was held yesteula\ e\emng, m the-Infant Schoolroom, Cnstlercngh-streot The chair-was taken b\ lus Exccllcnc) the Gtfvei nor Gcncinl at sc\e~»o clock The nttendanco vi as modciato and among those present w as a large numboi of ladies, the platform being occupied bj the mo\ ers and seconders of the various resolutions The CirAiUMiN, hating lend the icsolution con v cuing the meeting, called upon the Bex. E HooLns, who rend the 10th Psalm ana offeicd up n piaxei Thelxcv S C IVLNT (honoiaij secietnn) îead tho follow uig report and financial statement of the past year lour Committee present tho forty second Annual Report of tho Now South Wales Au-illory Bible Soclctj with minglod feelings of gratitudo and regret .-gratitude that something lins been done towards tho diffusion or "tho Word of Ufo," and regrot that so little has been accomplished m comparison with tho talents in- trusted to us, the opportunities afforded, and tho vast and cver wUlentng field in which wo aro called to labour Vi hile, bowe\cr, the rosiilts proceeding from this particular auxillirj arc comparatively Insignificant your oommittco cannot hut " thank God, and take courage," when they remember tho signal manner in which tho pircnt sooloty has been blessed and prospered rrom the last Annual Report wo leam that the receipts of tho tear ending Marou 31, 1858, exceeded thoso of any preceding year (excluding tho Speoial 1 unds) The amount npplioiblo to the gtnainl pmposes of the Society Is i"9,010 10s 2d , and the amount receded for Bibles and lestaments, £70,207 10s lid , making the total receipts fiom tho ordinary som res of incomo ¿119,305 7s Id , bolug ¿11,551 12J 2d more than in any former \car v To tho abovo must bo added tho sum of £13"9 13s 7d , for the ChlnosoVew Testament Fund, and £1885 2s lOd for the Special Tund for India , making a grand total of £152,5* 1 3s Gd The isiiics of tho Societ) for the year are as follow - 1 ram tho depot at homo 97« 563 |, ... ,», _"_,., Irom depots abroad G25.G21 j 1.C0-.'S7 0°Plcs Being an increase of 81,320 copies ovci thoso of any preceding year The O; limai u Payments havo amounted to £140 503 flj 1 d anil the pnjnicnts on account of the Jubilee and Chincso Now Testa- ment Funds tb £0013 19s 7d , mai ing tbo total expenditure of the year to amount to £153,177 4s 8d , being ¿1136 10s lid moro than in any former year The total issues of tho Society now amount lo 33,983,910 .opios Tbo amount of good resulting from this immense circulation of tho Hoi} Scriptures it is impossible to estimate, or c\en imagine One cato referred to by the noble F-residcnt of tho Parent Society, tbe lllght lion the Earl of Shaftcsbury In which only n fragment of tho Sacred Book fell into tho hands of two lidies, may be taken as affording an i lustration of the benefits whloh It confers It is related In a letter from an Indian correspondent - " I was introduced to Mrs Orr and Miss Jackson * . They aro comfortably lodgod in a home near Banks' bungalow, but they evince, In countenance, a painful air of suffering, the effeots of tholr long capthlty Their li\cs were spared, indeed, but thev wore watchod day and night by armed guards, who did notbcsl tate to use gross and insulting language towards them, and whoso oonstant delight It was to tell thom of the outrages and ma«sicrcs which were taking placo all over India during the time of our troubles Their lhcs wero preserved by the fidelity of tho Darognh, or by lils doslro to sccuro his personal safety, in oasc tho British became masters of tho city Day after duv, -while they wore concealed in his house, thov lived In tho expectation of death In the midst of their coptluty thcro was onosourcoof consolstlon shut to thom Tbcj had neither Bible nor prayer book, and they felt tho want exceedingly , but they could not remedy it, for nny attempt to procuro n religious book would not only have been unsuccessful, but would havo increased tho severities of their gaolers Meanwhile, a little child, a Miss Christian, fell sick, and for fovernl days they in vain sought as- sistance for her At length, In a mood tf contemptuous pits, tho mti-c« obtnincd the service of n natl\ o dootor for the dying ohild, and this man sent some x ile potion or other wrapped up in a plcco of piper torn from tho flrat book he could lay lils hands on Fora moment or two the printing on this fragment escaped I attention , but as Mrs Orr, now drawing it from her bosom, placed it before us willi an air of gratitude and retcrcncc, Tcould , well understand how It was that (ho words thus conveyed to them seemed promises from heaven, and bade them hope, and fear no more Of the fragment thus com eyed to our countrywomen I hive prooured an exact transcript willoh I scud herewith It may bo Imngned how these words of comfort and assurance lighted up tho prison-a handwriting on the wall in characters of fire, to Illuminate the gloom of their dungeon The fac simile I havo seen-a short ragged plcco of pnper Suffice It to «ay, that the fragment coateincd portions of the 51st and 52nd chapters of Isaiab, but tho words most leaiblo wero these -' I, eton I, am "te that comfortoth you Who art thoa, that thou shouldst bo ufraU of a man that »ball die, and of the son of man which símil ho made as grass," " And forgcttest tho I ord thy Maker, that Inth stretched forth tho heat ens, nnd laid tho foundations of tho earth and hast feared oontlnuallv every daj, because of the fury of the oppressor, as if ho wero ready to destroj 1 and whero is tho fury of the oppressor ! ' " ' Tho capii\o exile haBtcnoth that ho may bo loosed, and that be should not die in the pit ' " Thoso words where accepted hy our fellow countrywomen as promises from beaten, and from Unit time they hoped on till they w ero rescued from tho midst of the enemj " Who can calculate the good resulting from the millions of copies which hato been issued! Seeing what was dono in this »Ingle case-not bv a tolumo, but by the smallest scrap-let us not then bo backward to sow tho Bible broadcast in all directions. In turning from the affairs of the parent Society to those which moro immediately affeot our own auxiliary wo cannot but pain- fully feel the absence of oao by whoso exertions this Branch was originated, to whom we were Indebted for valuable counsel and aid, and who, even to tho last year of his Hfo occupied his wonted placo upon this platform-the late venerable Archdeacon of Cum berhnd Tho following resolution wns passed by your committee upon receiving the intelligence of his death - " That this meeting, having heard with mingled emotions of the decease of the venerable Archdeacon Cowper, one of the vice pre- sidente of this Society, would record its high estimate of the value of his past sen iocs to this community As ono of tho originators of this institution and for many years its activo secretary, ho has boen intimately associated with Its progrpss and success Othor kindred societies have shared in his warm sympathies, and been fostered by his zealous and pious exertions During tho last half century he has occupied a position of importance in this city, as a minister of the Gospel By his diligent and evangelical abours as a Christian Fastor, he has embalmed himself in ths memory ofthojo who were favoured with his ministrations By his kind and catholio spirit ho has secured the high esteem and affection of his brethren In the ministry of other denominations And by his philanthropic efforts to promoto the physicil, moral, and religious well- being of society at large, ko has earned the universal respect of tho com munlty "Itls with sincere gratiflcstion wo learn that his useful Ufo haB been crowned by his Divino Master with a termination cminontly peaceful and triumphant ' "i our committee hove to report that during the pastyeai the sales to the public from the Depot ha\ c been slightly in excess of I those of the preuous year, vi? -Bibles 975, and testaments 505, The sales to the branches have been, bibles 741, and tost&inents; 831 Tho branches have been further supplied with bibles 222, and testaments 171, but for »heso payment has not yet been re- ceived 1 ree grants have bien nudo to Sunday schools and otho" insti- tutions of 4G3 bibles and 8S9 teetimcnts £210 17s "d bate been paid to the parent Society in course of the year on purchase account, and £1000 hate boon remitted asa freo contribution Tho branches and associations connected w ith thlB Auxiliary have largely conttibutcd toils funds and your committee hereby dcslro to acknowledge their obligation to those gentlemen who hato from timo to time, as their serriccs have been needed, travelled to distant places to ndvocitc the claims of this Soolcty Mr Rec? early In the t eir kindh placed at our disposal a case of Chinese tcatimcnts In tie di tnbution of these among the Cc limmen who have t ¡sited our shores great assistance has been recela cd from Leau Appa, i Cliristiin Chinaman It has longbeen a subject of complaint thittho free contributions of subscribers phould bo taxed to enable Tour committee to sell at tho London invoice prices to non subscribers the 1 irger and better bound class of Bibles lo romed\ this a special general meeting of this Society was held, in the School of Uts, on July 20th, 1858, when, on the motion of Dr Charles, seconded by tho Rev F Ashwln, tho 5th iule which prevented a higher price being charged, was rescinded The Rev Forster Ashwin, one of your secretaries, having re- moved from tho city to Kiama, tour committee were reluctantly compelled to accept his resignation. Tno Rev L Rogers, his suc- cessor »t Trinity Church, has generously complied with their invi- tation to fill the vacancy thus caused Tho following gentlemen, according to the rules of tho Aux- iliary, retire from tho committee, but arc eligible for reelection viz -Messrs Adams, Birkcr, J Campbell, Hogg, Rees, and Sprigg In closing this report, suffer us to urge you to seek with in- creased energy, zeal, aud prat cr tbo success of this society The writings of 8U"h men as Moses David, Isaiah, Daniol, John, Paul-had they not been inspired and onlv Riven us the fruit of their own genius and thought, would hare been of great value But when we remember that they wroto bv inspiration, being full of the Spirit of God, and heavenly light ond truth, who can speak the prcclousncss of their productions Lot us not, then, rest until the Sacred Scriptures aro rendered into evcrv language, and until a copy of tnat book which is " able to make wise unto salvation " is placed in tho hands of cverj child of Adam "Let the people praise thee, O God, let all the pcoplopraiso theo Then shall the earth yield her increase, and Goa, oven our own God, sholl bless us God shall bless us, and all the ends of tho earth shall fear bim." The Treasurer s account showed that the receipts for the j ear had been ¿62417 12s lid, and that the expenditure was £1711 Gs lid , leaving a balance in hand of £706 6s The Re* S C KE\T also read two letters, one from the Bishop of Sjdney, and the other from the llo\ S Ironsides, both expressive of regret at not being able to attend, and the latter's acknowledging valuable aid from the society, The Bet GHOIIOE Kn*o mot ed the firstresolution - That the report now read bo adopted, and, together with the treasurer's accounts and lists of subscribers, bo printed and circu- lated under the direction of the Committee. He said he felt a ehfiiculty m the very com- prehensiveness of the great subject, and in order to speak to it, he would narrow down lus obser- vations to one of the points which the annitersary just past presented to their reflections in the incarna- tion of the Dix me AVord The Bible -«as, ni fact, a simple disclosure of Divine wdl, the grand object being obedience to that will evercised ni faith and supported by reason Tor while, on the one hand, the lot e contained in the re\ elation constraj jieth us to obedience-on the other hand, it would rob the Bible of its highest earth!} triumph, to cast an ay the pre- rogative whereby we v\ ero able to givet'jeverj one that asked us a reason of the hope that is \n us But when we turned from the grand object of Divine revelation in the Bible, and entered upon the held of meta- physical enquirj regarding the evidences of its sacred truths, w c then brought our restricted mental vision to bear upon a field of investigation as boundless as the umiv erse Here we could uideed behold w ith clearness of perception the portion of the evidences which immediately surround us prophecj and its fulfilment, miracles with their proofs and attestations, the facts of history, sacred and secular, and the eter liung stream of witnesses, which, in unbroken suc- cession for eighteen centuries and a half, having lived and died u\ the faith of Christ,-all spoke to us with ten thou"and tunes ten thousand voices that God in Christ is its Divine author (Cheers ) But beyond these surrounding and all-convincing evidences, there was a horizon, which bounded oui Tiswft. we could not carry- our ii»M>nn>- ~"-« within that shatiowy region ThU T,CH when presumptuous man attempted in T on. it, fades into a mystery. Here htj'^ analogy of nature led us[to behold in th,15' *. tery the footprints of a present Deity. (Cheers 7^ we looked abroad upon the outspread book of Nature and observed the order and harmony which pervaded the whole, we recognised the shadow of the Creator fostering wings. In these his works we behold plain facts, simple realities ; but when we nttrmñ. J ptol vestigate the cause of their existence, and to trace their origin, we were at fault, and confessed that there was a mystery; we perceived that they were, but we knew no more regarding them. We coull I,*6 compass a knowledge of the essence of our n,T J?? nor trace the precise distinction of its scvml <W and attributes ;_ we felt that wo carried ffi¡^ a thinking spirit, and we knew that that strfrft acted upon by the material substance ¿f^ Creator had fashioned so fearfully nnÄÄÄ our outer man. This union mul int««^"!,"1 spiritual and material wo beheld as ii. S al he but if we proceeded to trace their list» £0"^ tions, they faded gradually into a profound Ä How, then, could this little complex mind of i 7 able to comprehend the mysteries connected wäf.i revealed mind of the Eternal ? If with ni tin 1 *e of the soul directed to the investigan ï S thmgs, wo knew them not, how should we tmdeS awe to eomprclieiul the mysteries connected vri.t .i revealed minti of the Eternal ? If, wiSA¡¡»S 011 of earthly ve gozed upon heavcnlV^hiñesV^pu'81^ What, then, was thîs mystery, arid wnfdid iI.?.'' the sacred volume ? It was a portion of the Ä which had descended from Heaven in consequenT its ermnr-virm win, nfho,. tr"fl," ...i.:-,. tu"s(-'luTCe i.iiL..so, "u iv.^n UU.-U1 not, nowSllOUld we unn»-i.»J when wo gazed upon heavcnlv tlii"»= s /mlaT the things which "wo know not now, but TO 3 know heienftcr." The design of tho ¿Sr one object at least, was to us appreciable. Wo c3 seo.in it n field for the exercise of faith. ll>h i" telhgeiicics might .perhaps, now look (lownde upon tho spu-itual horizon of our revelation . mid til tune was coming when we, too, should take ¿ur stand in that exalted region where faith was swallowed un m sight. Meanwhile, we cultivated the exercise oi that heavenly principle which enabled us to endure as seeing J Inn who was inrisablc. The sceptic on the' other hand fastened upon this mystery, and quarrelled with the Bible on account of it. IIe contended that what the gross eye of sense could not see, mul the net' vorteil faculty of a fallen intellect could not perceive' existed only in the fond imagination of the credulous' Ile could behold the sun, the moon, and the stars and see not in them the handiwork of the AlniMitv ' lie could admire the vast, the complicated,0 vet hat monious movements of heaven's mechanism ' and see not lum who governs the whole He could mark the course of nature in hot- walk on earth, as she assumed her verdant mantle, and one by ono put on her rica and varied ornaments until she stood forth pos«es=ii» n fragrance and n beauty with which Solomon in all his glory could not compare, and in it see not the ia. visible hand whose omnipresent touch perpetuated the order which his unsearchable wisdom originally designed. Ho could penetrate the crust of this sohi globe, and mark in every hair'sïbrcndth of his inquisi torinl descent the multiform, yet consistent order ant adaptation of particles which, baring subserved the purposes of the Creator in past stages, awaited their remoulding under the over-active hand whose energy was felt at all times, and in all places of his vast laboratory, and yet shut his eyes against the existence of that Almighty power whose omnipresence constitute the' vitality of the otherwise inert mass which his omnipotence first cnllccl into existence. (Cheers.) When the bright beams of the Divine volume poured their steady lustre upon the darkened and bewildered path of man, ho would fling the dark mantle of his perverted sophistry upon the heavenly lamp whose light offended the surface of his guilty conscience. Verily, there vas a consistency in his universal abnegation of the Divine power ! If God wero not in the heavens, if the cann were not tho work of his hands, then God was not in the Bible. But if there were a creator and sustninet of all things, He was theauthorof the Bible. (Cheers.) And yet, to the book of Divine revelation alone ive, were indebted for all the information we possessed re. garding ourselves and the world we inhabit; regarding our origin and future destiny. There was something very sublime in the record of man's primevnl state. Our rapt soul mused and dwelt upon the contemplation : Behold Adam in Eden-how noble, yea, how full of glory must he hate been when God breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul, the lord of creation, through whom the beneficent creator shined upon, while by him he guarded and perpetuated the other works of His hands. With the Bible in ourhand we could read the history of our globe, wc could tell the story of its birth. In this sacred volume the vroria of the Almighty wero mirrored forth to our view, glassed in order. There we behold this beauteous globe moulded with fixed rules for the future wants o£ mon. We see itlyingintho hollowof the great creator's hand, with whom a thousand years are but as one day and one day as a thousand years, rising with slow and gradual invclopment through the growth, decay, and regeneration of its material framework, into a mighty consistency, crowned nt last with the repro- ductive principle which constituted the field of nature, as lasting as the globe, and launched into the abyss of space, with the impress of its Creator stomped upon it. (Cheers.) The same Biblical science which disclosed the embryotic state of our lovely world below, and ex- hibited Ilis omnipotent hand in the order which per- vades the' wonderfully diversified strata of its crust ; at the same time uncurtained to our view the glories of the heavens above-and all declaring his glory one and all showing forth his handiwork. Yes, with the Bible alone in our hand, were we able to trace the wonders of the Great Creator, and the more deeply we searched the more triumphantly were we' persuaded that nil His footsteps in creation 'harmonised with His character as revealed m the Bible. (Cheers,) But let us narrow the field of our observation, and mark the results which followed the march of God's Word through the world. Observe its progress from the commencement of tho Christian dispensation as it visited individuals, families, and communities. It found the world a moral desert, and wheresoverit had been received the wilderness had been converted into a garden-the desert bloomed like the rose; and that the excellency' of the powsr might be aU of God and not of men; the weakness and contemptibility .of the human instruments by which it was propagated triumphantly exhibited. Even apart from its direct evidences, to conceive the fishermen of Galilee as capable hi them- selves of divising the scheme of the Gospel, and carrying i£ into effect, was to conceive a miracle more incredible than any which the Gospel itself contained, and to demand a degree of credence greater than aU the miracles of Christ and lus Apostles. And then to read the recorded history of the New Testament ; its attested miracles, the coincidence of its facts with the prophecies going before, and the triumphs of the Gospel over all its potent and persecuting enemies, and not to recognise in all this the power of God and the wisdom of God, was to sweep away the facts of the highest and most authentic history in the world, into the region of fable and romance. No ; the most sublime argument attendant upon the word was to be found in the suc- cess which followed it, notwithstanding the weakness of the instruments by which it was propagated, ana the power of the enemies which it encountered and subdued. (Cheers.) Even in its very style, which «e called scriptural, there was a peculiarity distinguish, ing it from every production of the most enlightened age, which seemed to stamp it with a superhuman character. Translate the writings of Homer, Milton, or Shakspero, in the most engaging style, into aftreig» language, and they lost their charm ; half their force, and more than half thou- beauty, vanished in the translation. On the other hand, let ono of the chap ters of the Bible be translated by the simplest mis- sionary into the language of oue of ti* islands of tno Pacific, and it comes home to the heart of the hearer with all the power and efficacy of the word of wo. Almighty. In. its simplicity it was oU-powcrnu. (Applause.) The words of eternal life wluch dropper front the lips of Christ in his divine mission, contain^th in themselves a virtue not of this fading world ; ar-.dso long as man continued to dwell upon the face -0f the earth, they should remain, possessing still, throughout all ages, the freshness, au.d full- ness of their first bestowment at th» hand, and from the lips of our gracious Redeemer himself, amaranths which neverfade, yielding ali manner of 'fruits, the very leaves being for the healmg of the nations. (Cheers.) With these few observations he begged to move the resolution . The Rev. T. ARNOLD secon-ded the motion, »c remarked, in commencing, t\lnt there was nothing which seemed to give such fc notion of the extent °i the British Empire as corang to these colonies alter » three months' travel, arad reflecting that you wert. occupying the very antipodes of the old cpunm There was not a quarter ofthe globe mto which.wa great empire did -not extend her arm and exert «? influence. Our sovereign held, he should say, tue brightest Sceptre that had gleamed tor thousand years under the canopy of heaven -(cheers)-and if all the kanga and ««*»? wer« to reign like our queen, there MOUI» be no republics in the world. (Applause. He hod had an opportunity of testing tîie -¿"^"g cxisted among the millions of the Tnufac urmg cis tricte of England, and he thought he «¿tW« there was not among thom a man whose heart did not beat hi"h when the mime of his Sovereign was men tbnûd-andthat name shed a lustre upon every one connected with her. He had not been ong uisiden here but since he had been hero he had found that the acts of his Excellency the Governor- General had obtained not only the sanction but:the high npprova of the people of this colony. (Applause. And . to his well earned fame carno the fame of his Sove- reign, shedding a greater lustre upon it. (Applause.) But wide as wns the British Empire, the Bible Society, whoso interests they were now advocatmg, wns still wider. (Hoar, hear.) It extended over nil ?parts of the world, and had its supporters nmong nil Protestant peoples. That great Empire of the ^ est mi~ht be said to be one vast Bible Society, uermany, the old fatherland of literature in Europe, so far ns it -vas Protestant, wns a great Bible Society; and 1-ranee would noter be free until she received the Bible as the revelation of God. (Cheers.) He had long had the pleasure of supporting this Society. It wns but little 'one voice or one heart could do; nevertheless his hcait had been most freely thrown into the work. (Cheers.) Nino months ago ho had the privilege of odvocatmg the claims of the Society in Birmingham. How strange it was to think that, in so short a time, his feeble voice should be hoard at the antipodes in advocacy of the snme cause! (Cheers.) The Society was the most catholic society m existence. "(Hear, hear.) All its supporters believed the Bible, and delighted to draw from it the great principles ol' then- religion- looking upon it as the great lamp of heaven to light them to the realms on high. (Cheers.) Thus they did what they could to spread the sacred volume throughout the world. In the history of our fatherland a name ' occurred, in connection with the ancient church, that would live ns lon~ ns out language existed-that name was the Venerable Bede. (Cheers.) Eleven hun- dred years ago thnt Anglo-Saxon resolved to give part of the Scriptures to his fellow-countrymen in their own language. Beins; like John, gentle and loving, he selected the epistle of'that apostle for translation. God sent sickness upon him, but the venerable Bede ' spent the last fourteen days of his life in completing the translation. In the afternoon of the day on which it was completed ho sent for the priests of the convent -for he was, like all the rest of the people in those days, a Boman Catholic,-and spoke to thom such words as were in his heart, and gave them -the few things which he had to bestow. " It is time," said he, " if it so piense my Maker, that I should return back to him who created me from nothing. I have lived long-the time of my dissolu- tion approaches ; I long to depart and be with Christ, for my soul earnestly desires to see my King Christ in his beauty." Thus he conversed till morn- ing, when one oflus scholars-to whom he had given something to write, begging him to make haste and finish it-came and told him he had but one sentence to write. " "Write it quickly, then," said he. Soon afterwards the young innn reported "The sentence is now finished." " Yea," answered Bede, " thou hast spoken rightlv-it is finished. Tnko my head in thy hands, for it is n great joy to mc to sit over against the consecrated spots where I have been wont to pray in order that I may quietly call upon my Father." Supported thus by his scholar, on whoso head he laid Ids hands, he sang " Glory bo to the Father, and to the Holy Ghost." And the spirit of the first translator of the Holy Scriptures into the Saxon language departed to heaven. Seven hundred yeal s afterwards there was another English scholar, whose name was Tyndal. Ile was n fine Greek scholar, and was as familiar with the Greek Testament, which he carried about with him, and could qftotc from it as readily as tve could from our English version. Ile roused the animosity of the priesthood against him, and at last the priests, who had hitherto failed in all- their efforts to convert Tyndal, commissioned n celebrated divine to under- take it. The Reformer replied from his Greek Testa- ment ; the theologian was speechless, " Well then," ho at last exclaimed, " it were better to be without God's laws than the Pope's." Tyndal roused by this blasphemous confession, said, " I defy the Pope and all his laws ;" and then, as if unable to keep his secret, added, " If God spares my life, I will . cause- a boy that drivcth the plough to know more of the Scriptures than thou." Tyhdnl's translation was the great translation prior to one which succeeded it, and which was based upon it. Subsequently the Scriptures had been revised in the Chinese language, and were thus extended to 300,000,000 of people. (Applause.) Ho could not conceive a greater honour done to a language than making it the vehicle of presenting the Word of God to others. They spoke of the Hebrew and Greek as sae«-ed tongues, and they well deserved the name, for it was in those tongues that the inspired writers gave the oracles of God to those for whom they were in- tended. The Greek language had a peculiar adapta r hility to shape itself into all the sinuosities of our grand religion, and sublime contemplation con- cerning God, the soul, and immortality. But God had now cnused the Saxon tongue to be not only the language into which the Scriptures should be presented to the minds of Englishmen and such as speak the English language, but also that it should be the language from which other translations should bo made. The Bible lind, through the labours of the society, been translated into 159 languages, 100 of which, probably, tvercnew, and had received their shape through the Saxon tongue, which seemed even to' transoend the Greek. Through Saxon thought and piety five millions of earth's inhabitants might read the Word of God. («hcers.) There was . another thought in association with . that. -It was a difficult thing to learn, a language so well as to express religious thought in that language, ' -but at the Day of Pentecost God sent His Holy 1 Spirit, and gave power to His Apostles to speak in all languages. It was, however, only when man at- tained to his true dignity as man and to high brother- hood with his follow men through his relationship with the Lord Jesus, that God seemed to say that there shoidd bo only one language upo* earth, or that all men should be able to understand His AVord in their own language. What was then done by miracle lins lately been done through the piety, devotion; and love of Christian men. The translators' of theJBiblo hod had a great task in catching the accidence of foreign tongues from speakers, and reducing their language to grammatical form. They hod, however, laid the foundation of the literature of those rising countries, and they would reeeive ' the gratitude of future nations. (Cheers.) There was grnndeftr in the works of ancient times-the Pyramids, the Parthenon, and the Colosseum-and also in the achievements of modem science,-but the translation of th-.Bible into other languages far transcended them all. (Cheers.) Surely it must be a great labour that unfolded the human mind, and brought home God's Word to the heart of universal man. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman concluded by relating an anecdote in re- ference to Madagascar, showing the consolation which had been derived by two orphans (whose parents had been destroyed at the time of the persecutions in that Island,) on reading the passage " I will not leave you orphans [as given in the margin] ; I will come uuto you. And remaiked, that if even the society had no higher object than than to dry the tear of the orphan and- afford consolation to the afflicted, it would be indeed worthy of support. (Cheers.) The resolution was put and carried unanimously. The Bev. Mr. STI-.ELE rose to move the second resolution. He was a stranger to the progress made by the Bible Society in this colony, unless except in so far as he had learned it from the report. On the last occasion that he was on the platform of a Bible Society meeting it was in that mighty place called Exeter Hall, when some 7000 or 8000 persons had met together as one man to forward the progress of God's word. Upon that occasion the president or chairman of the Society was the Earl of Shaftesbury. He was glad, however, to . learn that im- mense progress had been made in the good work here. But it was difficult to read the reports of this Society without turning aside from the consideration of who was president here or chairman there, and at once confessing that God himself was the Universal President-that it was God's own society. (Applause.) Human means and human instrumentality could not in the course of fifty or sixty years advance a society from small beginnings to the position this Society now occupied, with its enormous income for the dissemination of the Bible, and from a circulation of a few hundred copies, extend that circulation to millions of copies, printed in every language known. This result must be the work of God alone. The resolution says-that the progress« of the Society ought to be an incentive to increased exertions. Indeed he thoueht that the progress of the society in this colony ought to be an nicerftive to increased exertion, especially when Gods word was entrusted to a Christian people, .mere could be no human instrumentality where even Kí?¿£LWOman faÜ,ed to be H« or her Mother's keeper. Jiut every man and woman was responsible to God for S^ÄT8 the? mad? m BP"ading the knowledge tiu.,r.^nh0l>',rrdt° Sinncre- He Sa* heard that In tius colony there was no opposition to the teaching ' ? - -? ' »Il and spread of God's word, that the word was received by the people, and honoured to the 'fullest extent. Ile regretted that this was not more generally the case in Christian countries. But he was proud, indeed, to learn that here met together men of every denomination-men who acknowledged Christ as the head, and salvation the end. Ho did not stand there as the advocate of prayer-books, though perhaps he prized them as much as anyone ; but ho stood on the platform that night upon the broad principle of their common duty, whatever deno- mination each might belong to-to spread tho know- ledge of the Lord's word, till they or their children saw the prophecy realised which saith-" The know- ledge of the Lord shall cover the -whole earth, even as the waters cover the sea." To the fulfilment of this prophecy it was theil- great privilege to look forward. There were great opposing influences to battle against, which were not perhaps generally known to the people of this Cluistian land. He was an Irishman, andas such was well acquainted with the subtle trickery of Romanism as directed against the Bible. Ile was aware that the Bible was a book blasphemed by the decrees of Home, and he was also aware that the Bible Society, God's society, was denounced by the decrees of that Church as a blasphemous society. If these sad truths could be made known-as he would give instances of thom-he had strong grounds for calling on them to come forward ; and by nil the means in their power to ndvanco the progress of God's word. Would they believe that so late as the year 182-1, Pope Leo X11, wrote thus of tho Bible Society ; that European sovereign said, " It is not n secret, venerable brethren, that a certain society, vulgarly called a Bible Society, is audaciously spreading itself through the whole world,, even despising the traditions of the Holy Eathers, and in opposition to the decrees of tho well-known Council of Trent. This society is collecting all its force and directing every mean's to one object-the transla- tion, or rather the perversion, of the Bible into the vernacular languages of all nations, from the fact, there is strong fear lost, as in some instances al- ready known, so likewise in the rest-there be formed from the gospel of Christ a gospel of man, or worse a gospel of the devil." This is the written opinion of the Pope of Rome of tho labours of the society. Such a statement as that ought to urge them to the posi- tive duty of spending their energies in defence of the gospel-in spreading the knowledge of the word, and in inculcating the principles of the Scriptures. (Ap- plause.) The reverend speaker then referred to the progress of the Bible in Ireland, notwithstanding the opposition of the priesthood, nnd observed, as stated in one of the journals in that country-" that Romanism was dissipating in Ireland before the "ad- vance of the Bible, in some such way ns tho Red Indian lied before the advance of the white man." He was glad to find also that the Gospel was spread- ing at the Capo of Good Hope. When ho was at Cape Town he ttas present at'a meeting, at which the Governor, Sir Harry Smith, declared that the best way to put an end to the Kaffir war was to withdraw the buyonets and to send out Bibles. This course Sir Ilany Smith said he would recommend to the British Government. Ho was aware that subsequently a large grant of money waa sent out from the Govern- ment funds at home to the oolony for the express pur- pose of spreading the knowledge of the Scriptures among the people. (Cheers-.) And now the Scrip- tures were being largely translated into the Kaffir tongue ; and now it was a remarkable fact, that since the introduction of the Bible ."ito Africa there had been a complete stop to the war, and the people were becoming peaceable. InNorth America, too, the Gospel Avas making rapid strides among the people. When ho was leaving Nova Scotia, thero was then pre- paring for ordination nn Indian, of the Mick Mack tribe, a man remarkable for piety and for r.cal in spreading the knowledge of the Bible among his own people, the Mick Mack Indians. That man was now, no doubt, an ordainel nvnistcr of tho Gospel, sent out to preach the Word in the Mick Mack language. The present professor1« the Irish language in Trinity Col- lege, Dublin, in his early day, was an orphan, and an outcast. When quite young he was taken into the house of a charitable Protestant lady, who, taking n liking to the lad, sent him to a hedge school, where he learned to read, -uul made such progress that the lady sont him to n school in Dublin, and ultimately she sent him to college. Ile himself heard this pro- fessor say, that he traced his progress to an event which happened while he was still in the house of his patron. -Ile was in tho habit of reading the Bible, and committing the chapters of it to memory. The priest heard of this, and paid him a visit, on which occasion he was found with the Bible in his hand. The priest asked him what book was that he was reading, and he replied that it was the Bible. The priest told him that was a book he ought not to read without his consent, ns it would teach him heresy and destroy his soul. The priest then took the book from him nnd threw it in the fire, when it was burned. The lad at first grieved and cried for the loss of his bible, but, presently, ho began to jump about and laugh, upon which the priest said, "Ah, my fine little follow, I am glad that you begin to see that I know what is best for you to read." " Oh, it is not for that," said the lad, " that I laugh, but I laugh because you cannot prevent me knowing the tliirtcen chapters 'of the bible I learned by heart." (Applause.) That lad is now the pro- fessor of the Irish language hi Trinity College, Dublin. Ile trusted- that the resolution would not only be received by the meeting, but that it would be heartily acted upon. Ile had great pleasure in moving the resolution. Mr. Mowim.iY seconded the resolution, which was put and carripd unanimously. The Rev. A. BUZACOTT moved the next resolu- tion : 3\. That this meeline; gratefully ocknnwleilpci tho continued interest manifested by the Parent Society towards this Auxiliary, nnd rejoices in tho increased usefulness of toot great and noble institution in nil parts of the world, and in tho munificent contributions stilt pouted into its treasury by the Christian public As the preceding speakers had conducted them to England and Ireland, he might be excused if he took them .for a short time to one of the islands of the Pacific, to show them how the Bible had .ope- rated there. " It had" been his happiness to see the progress of, and to take an active part in, the com- mencement and completion of the translation of the entire Word of Go'd into the language of a certain poition of the islands of the Pacific. On his arrival there, the inhabitants were heathens. They had no written language, and it was consequently impossible to translate books for them. There were great diffi- culties in the way of obtaining a knowledge Qf their language;' and they were obliged to catch the sounds as they fell from the lips of the natives. To do this, it was necessary to be amongst i them, as the people were to be their first study. To do this, his first work was to build a house, and'whilst the natives were doing this he had his pencil in his hand, asking the name of this and the other ; and in this way he contrived to form a vocabulary, and to string a few words together. Por some time, the only two words he know in their tongue wero " good" and " bad ;" and he had made a plentiful use of them during the progress of the house-building. As to the moral condition ' of the people, he would not harrow the feelings of the meeting by describing that, suffice it to say, that they were cannibals. He would con- sider now what the Bible had done for them. They had heard a great deal of the savages of the Pacific from persons who had visited them ; and he had come in contact with some who could not believe that human, nature could ever sink so low as that men should become regular cannibals; but to his knowledge, the Tongese had sunk thus low, nay more, that they used to eat each other. The island was very small, so that all on it were more or less related to each other, yet they used to feed upon each other, and parents had even eaton their own children. After a time, however the Bible was brought amongst them, and they were taught the word of God. In the first place, the chil- dren wero got hold of, and weretaughtto read, as they were more easily impressible, and it was found very hard to get the old men to learn, because thoy could not be got to understand that those strange little cha- racters, caUed letters, could be made to form words, itie children learnt much sooner, and then many of them were put over classes to teach the older people. And this had called to his mind the beautiful ¿Wage nilsamh.« The wolf also shaU dwell with the lamo, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid ; and the calf and the young lion and the failing together, and a little eluld shall lead them." He recollected seeing an old chief, who had been a mostferocious andbloodv savage m lus time, who had been converted by the book of God-hy his side was an old priest T°. ,ha£ .,Ve.elî " n» al(ler and abettor of his chiefs villainies]; and on the other side was an old warrior, who had told him (Mr. B.) that he had never been without human flesh in his basket He had been accustomed to go to a neighbouring vülace and had only to show his club, when the women wno saw lum would follow him. He would then drive them before lum to lus cave, where he would keep them confined, killing them one after another and eating thom. He had seen these with a little child [teaching them to read, and he had remembered the words of the prophet, " And a little child shall lead them. When the natives became enlightened this cannibalism troubled them more than anything else, and they could nothelievo that such an, offence would ever be pardoned them. One man "in particular had waited on the rev. speaker to consult him on this point ; and though ho (Mr. B.) had quoted the passage, "The blood of Jesus cleanses us of,"« sin," yet the individual could not be made to understand that it referred to any other than ordinary sins; and it had only been on his (Mr. B:'s) pointing out that no exception was ninda in God's promise, that the convert had gone away pacified.* Many instances of this kind miglit bo related, ne remembered a pestilence arising, and had seen not less than Ave thousand persons die on this Mnall island. The missionaries were then, in fact, living amongst the dving and the dead. They had been afflicted by a disease which had arisen from famine, and this carried them off by hundreds. This liowever was not before the missionaries fully understood them and their language, and had had tho Scriptures translated and circulated amongst them. It lind boen delightful, in the midst of theil- pain and suffering, to hear them thank God for bringing tho missionaries amongst them and sending thom His word to comfort thom. And, oh"! how many here, in this country, go ' to death with n lie in their mouths, whilst on these islands tho simple natives confess their sins, and that they deserve nothing but punUhment, but -trusting humbly and faithfully on the love of God and the blood of Christ, and on these alone for thoir remission. * The progress of the society, then, really appeared to him to be a sub- ject for rejoicing, especially when lie had heaid that no less a sum than £150,000 had been , collected last year in support of this noble institution. But when he had heard this, it had occurred to him that the society was like a noble river, upon which all looked with admiration and delight, glowing in its depth, its width, and ita length. Yet if this river were traced upwards they would find that it arose from numerous tributaries ; following these up again, smaller streams and rivulets wore reached, until at last its sourcetwas to be found in t\ little rain or a casual dow drop. Sjjtih. sums, like noble livers, did not all come from thejóne source-there were numerous tributaries to it.'-IIo had heard that over £1000 had been, sent from this country ; nnd he had brought up £200 for the Society, and this was a large sum for a country whore only n few years ogo they did not know what money was. Ho recollected at Raintea, that a man had como to him to be shown some money. He^hap . poned by a rare ;chancc to havo a dollar by him,-and showed it to the native. The man looked at it for nn instant,, and then said, " Is that all r-Is that the money that all this noise is about ? Why, I can go on the beach and pick up stones far handsomer than thnt."j (Besides, the money he had brought up, there had been more collected since ; for these uoor people valued thoir Bibles, and purchased and paid for them at thoir full price. Ho had much pleasure in moling the resolution. The Rev. Mr. AMOS, although it was then late, felt it to be.his duty as a Wesleyan minister, and as a re- turned preacher from the South Seas, to say a few words in seconding the resolution ; moro especially as he wished to return thanks to the Society for tho large and munificent gift of Bibles that had so greatly aided him. and his fellow-labourers. It wasnowsome two months since he had left the Friendly Islands, and'he was happy to say that he had left them a Bible- reading people. He might now be excused for giving a few facts relative to the distribution of those Bibles. When the missionaries first went down thoro ivas no written language, and with the exception of tho few words contained in Mariner's vocabulary, there was nothing to guide them. They had thus to form an alphabet of their own, and tench the natives to road, so that the Scriptures being translated into the ver- nacular, the converts might read the Word of God in their own language. In such a case he looked upon this Society, as ifhad been described, as a stream of salvation, upon tho banks of which the missionaries stood, crying, " Ho, ho ! come any of you that thirst, and drink." Ile looked upon this Society and the missionaries as largely dependant upon and indebted to each other. lie at all events confessed himself largely indebted to the Society for the ten thousand Bibles he had received ; and of these he would tell them that, three months ago, there were not 500 left. They had all been distributed amongst the people, and this in an island which did not number over 18,000 souls. Thoy were, in truth, a Bible-reading people, though formerly in the very lowest state of degrada- tion, and cannibals. . One ruffian, ho remembered, who, so lately as 18"l9, lived in a hollow tree and caught all those ho could come across and fed on them. In addition to these, there had ''been 4000 printed at the local press of Vosau, through the labour of the natives, who did the whole of the manual labour connectcd with the work. Every one of these had been sold in two years, and for some time afterwards a Bible could not have been bought in the island if n sovereign had boen laid down for it. The missionaries only looked upon it a > so much gain if they could once get the Bible into a native's house, as they relied not so much upon mero oral instruction upon the book, which was something for them to take home and ponder over-to rend, mark, learn, and inwardly digest. In those days "of scarcity, however, the people had a way of multiply- ing their Bibles, by separating it leaf by leaf, and dividing it, a portion for one family and a portion for another ; and in this way they all managed to become acquainted with the facts of" Christianity. Thoy had read and had appreciated the Word ; they had not been mere hearers of the Gospel, but they had re- " ceived it into their innermost hearts, and 'had become new creatures. Christianity there was, r indeed, real and heartfelt. A' captain- of a man-of-war, some time back, having been told of the Christianizing of these islanders,'had said that perhaps they had been taught, to talk Chris- tianity like a parrot ; but since that time better days had arrived, and now the missionaries had no bettor friends and supporters than the captains of her Ma- jesty's ships of war. They attended the prayer meet- ings and the religious exercises, and gaye the mis'- I sionories much support and position by so1 doing. He" i»stancodthc case of a native who hod received one of these Bible leaves from an old woman, who had lent it to him. By this he had been turned) to nominal Christianity ; but a war occurring, he had put off his regular entry into the Church until after that should have been over. At the same time, fearful that he might bo tempted to make cartridges of the bible, he had returned -it to . the old woman prior to taking his place in the ranks. Ile had subsequently, and after the war, become 'a sincere convert. The rev. speaker defended the mis- sionaries from the charge that had been made against thom, of having caused the wars amongst the natives ; and showed that these wars could not have been pre- vented, though the circulation of the Bible had don very much to soften their asperities. He passed a high culogium on the character of King George, of Tongo, whom he is described as a really Christian monarch ; and mentioned an instituée of that king haying on one occasion to do battle with a rival chief. . He had his musket loaded, but the chief was armed solely with a club. Remembering the Christian maxim, " to do as he would be done by," he drew the charge of his piece aud met his adversary with the unloaded musket, and conquered him manfully. Once more thanking the Society for the copies of. the Scriptures ho had received, and hoping to get more, he seconded the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried. The Rev. Mr. OUAW then moved the following re- solution :-" That the following names be added to the committee, in place of those who retire under the fifth rule, viz., Messrs. Adam, Hogg, Campbell, Love, and Nott ; that G. W. Allen, Esq., be treasurer ; and the Rev. E. Rogers and Alexander M'Arthur be joint secretaries ; and that the names of the Rev. S. C. Kent and Foster Aslvtvin be added to the list» of vice-presidents of the institution." _,, - . The Rev. J. MAL VEUX seconded the motion, and in doing so took occasion to advert to his missionary ex- perience in New Zealand, and to the value of the ser- vices the Bible Society rendered to missionaries, by which he said incalculable obligations were incurred. There was but one occasion on which, when in New Zealand, he had felt afraid of the natives', and it was when he had not sufficient copies of the Word of God wherewith to supply them, for they would not be sa- tisfied with his explanation. An old grey-headed chief, with 600 or 700 natives, carne around him when he had but sixteen copies of the Testament, which, with the exception of the one he wanted for himself, he wanted to distribute among the teachers ; but the chief carno determined to have a copy. He brought a great stake from the fence, and threw himself into a fighting attitude, and that was the first and only time the natives had inspired him (Mr. Mal- vern) with fear, and the reason was that he had not Bibles to supply. A supply of Testaments was soon afterwards received, and when the people knew it they congregated in large numbers, when the Testaments were sent into every viUage, and he told them that ho had received them from England to divide among them. He told them it was a present to them, and, according to their usual custom of returning favours, in four weeks afterwards, a large body of natives brought eight or ten tons of potatoes and corn, ten live pigs, and all the dollars they had in their posse." sion-they even took them from their females by wVm i < they were worn as ornaments, fhere was about £2C worth of provisions for which he ielt indebted to the society in England ; and he must express his own sense of obligation as a Wesleyan Missionary to that noble institution, the British and Foreign Bible .Society. The rosolutioiinwas then put and passed unani- mously. A vote of thanks having been awarded his Excel- lency Sir William Donison for his kindness in pre- siding, His EXOT.I.LUNCY thanked the meeting for the way in .which the vote had been given, and remarked that ho thought this was the fourth time he had presided on similar occasions, and he was sorry to seo in the present instance a scantier attendance than on the previous occasion. Thero might, however, be cause, but if hp was spared another year to fill the chair he hoped to see a more numerous gathering. He thought they, and all that portion of the world calling itself Christian, ought to share with England the burden of sustaining tho funds of this institution, as it was loft to a voluntary society to put the charter of salvation into the hands of every professing Christian, though ho did not possess the hope thnt made him wise unto salvation. Ile thought it ought to be different, though ho believed many so-called members of the Church weie in ignorance of its teachings, and that that was largely the case in New South Wale3. The maintenance of the dissemination of the Scriptures was still left to the voluntary efforts of a few individual*, the subscriptions amounting to £200, which sum in fact was not contributed by more than 250 persons. He thought this rather disgraceful, and ho did not consider that they had reason to congratu- late themselves upon the condition of the Society hero. He quite agieed with Mr. Amos, who said that his friends in Tonga wore better friends to the Society than the people hero, and that they were more gene- rally Christian. They (the Society) put the Bible into' men's hands, and think they had done enough by so doing, but the truth was, little nrovision was made for'teaching what the Bible contained ; thoy took it for'granted that all wore able, and what was more ex- traordinary, willing to-read it. - He thought the second lesolution was the onc'upon'which-tiiey 'ought to lay particular stress, and that the way the success of the ¡society was to be effected was by each individual member, not contenting himself with disseminating the Scriptures or inducing people to puichase thom, or by buying bibles, or by inducing others to distribute them, but by inducing others to pay attention to the iules therein laid down. The Bible was a practical book, teaching thom truly, not only what and how they ought to believe, but what they ought to do, and in that particular thoy would find themselves wanting. They would find hundreds who could repeat their creed, and toll prac- tically what the faith of tho Bible was, but of those hundreds few would show their faith by their works, and the Society's efforts should be used in striving to inculcate the truth, and to exhoit all nien to act as Christians. (Loud cheers.) The Rev. S. C. KENT pronounced a benediction, and the meeting then separated. 