REV. T. BINNEY AND THE ANNIVERSARY SERVICES OF THE INDEPENDENT CHURCH, COLLINS STREET. Mr Biimey preached on Sabbath morning on tbe renewing efficacy of tho Holy Spirit, taking two i texts — Titus Hi. 5, ' The washing of regeneration and the renewing of the Holy Gbo3t;' aud 2 Ojr. iv. 16, ' The iuward man Is reuewed dny by day.' The following U a brief analysis of the discourse, cominuuiciteu' by a hearer : — The preacher remarked that ' the washing of re generation denoted the imparting of spiritual life. ' The renewing of the Holy Gho3t' referred to tho invigoratioa and resuscitation of that life. The operation of the spirit of God in man was a glorious fiat, resting on tho Diviuo authority, though above human understanding — declared in the Scriptures to be aa in man as tho work of Christ for him. There were two tliingi appertaining to regeneration in the humaii soul 1\. Truth. 2. L ve, Tho action of these two prin ciples, whoa healthy and vigorous, exhibited the grandeur of duty, the beauty of obedience, the hero ism of self-sacrifice. By the power of truth the man peroaivos duty : by love, he is drawn to that which he perceives. A cliango for the worse may come over the human bouI. There is a tendency for Hpiri tual things to recede, and earthly things to cotuo for ward and take their place through contact with busi ness, pleasure, &o.;, -&c.; ThiB deteriorating process U to be counteracted and stayed by the renewal of the Holv Ghost. Tha manner iu which it is effected is— lat,'that is thu work of thu Holy Ghost which, by tho truth of Scripture, flashes light into the under standing, and love iuto tho heirt. Means in order to enjoy it : — 1. You must keep tho mind in contact with the trath, and you must keep the channel of communication open by prayer, else secular things will deaden spiritual things. The heart grows cold when the head grows dark. A little prayer may bring a largo blessing. It is by the constant repetition of little nets that things ate kept right. It is bo in secular life. It is daily dusting that keeps the house clean. Iu respect to the preser vation and growth of spiritual life, much is to bo done by practical effort. You must live in consistency with your prayers. Every act must ?be positively avoided that has in it any approach to sin, for sin grieves the Holy Spirit. You must keep away from nil persons, places, and circumstances likely to ensnare the ssul, either through the tongue, the temper, or the appetite. 2. Acquire the habit of doing not only what 13 right to bo done, but to do everything with the motive aud purpose to please God. Emotions of right feeling must all be reduced to practice. 3. Everywhere bo true ; do right, be canscientious. Pau3e sometimes in daily hurry to give a direct oyo to God ; and to grasp a distiuct consciousness of the wish to plaa3e Him, and secular life will become a divine thing, and the world a sanctuary ; feeling and practice inust be weddeJ, they must never be divorced. The prayer of tho morning must becomo precspt for tho day, and mu3t be turned into praise at night. In the evening the Rev. A. Morison preached on Col. i, 12. The annual meeting of the church end congregation took place on Tuesday evening, in the Victoria Grammar School, Collins street east. After par taking of a good tea, prepared by the ladios, tho old friond and quondam deacon of the church, Robert Smith, Esq., was uuauimously voted to the chair. Tho Rev. A. Mcrison. read a, report, which detailed the statistics of the Congregation and Church, referred to the collections made during the year for public objects, and oxprefsed regret that many claims of this kiad had to be refused in consequence of the urgency of wants of tho church. The prosperous state of the daily schools was next Ret forth ; the UYUiu&G; ^hbcuunu^g ivi imu ticm UCIII^ XI'U, nib1! it 1U11 of 151. Tha Sabbath school ilso was iu a fnvorablo financul position, but required more teachers and moro ener^v iu the work. Next, the Lvlies' Bene volent Sj'j'.ety stated that forty-one ca.«s of distre33 had been relieved; ths districts of the city had hun visited, as well as the hospitals. The income of this laborious association of ladies amounted to £'33 15j ; the outlay has been £ii Os 9d. Tho re port appealed for help. Lastly, tha report anticipated llio-t at least £100 would be collected by the Auxi liary to the London Missionary Society, connected with the cju;ivi;.ition. The financial statement showed that ±493 Ss liK.,1 been raised during the yoat for the current aspaaaca of the cburcb, the ,S»bbatb. I schools, the Ladies' Benevolent Society, and the col lections for the hospital, the Congregational Home j Missionary Society, &c.; I Letters from the Rev. Mr Now, and Rev. Mr JVmney were re;id, which utalcd that iH-heal'.h jire Tentcd thuu from being present. Thu absence of these 'Ustiiiguished ministers, as well :.h the cause of absence, tended to throw a damp on the meeting by a feeling of dis.i]ipointmrnt. The Chairman alluded encouragingly to tho financial affairs of the church, to the Sabbath and day schools, and the ladies' Bene volent Society ; and then called upon the Rtv. T. Odell (0 address the meeting, who gpoko at some li-n^lii on ' Benevolence' Mr Dixw made eorue excellent remarks on ' Pro greus,' urging upon the friends of the church the necessity for progress in tho ' Divine life.' Mr Stehium spoke of ' Self- denial ' as an impor tant principle to be cultivated iu every Christian Church, and aa especially necessary in acts of Chris tian buncvoleocc. The Italian Chorale 'Holiest breathe nn Evening Blessing,' was then sung, aud prayer offered, after which the meeting separated. 