POLITICAL. (From the S. M. Herald.) In our issue of Wednesday List, wo |)ublished an analysis of otn1 bills of mortality. Our citizens will there learn tine death in rapidly gaining on tlio population, and that our statistics show a worse result tiian those oi' (ho least favored English cities. The rate of mortality in Kn^land, in Ils57, was, in towns, its in the thousand, and in the villages and rural districts IS in a thou sand. In our last quarter we show 33-34 in the thousand. We have no wish to damage the reputation of this colony, to which nature lias not been unkind, by imputing to the climate or soil a result so much to deplore, but tiie fact is not to be denied or slighted, that we have a tremendous waste of life. The sanitary reforms at home have shown their results, and, by contrast, (hat more human beings have been des troyed by a disregard of sanitary laws lhan by ihe sivord. Mr. Bright, depre cating the wars of England, called up as witnesses the ghosts of the thou sands who perished in the Crimean war. They at least took the chances of life aud death. There was not amongst tliem a single man who might not have refused to fight on that field — not. one who had not himself demanded to be made a soldier ; and, whatever may be the opinion of Mr Bright, the blood of those who fell was not slier) in vain. But it is shown by statistics that; a far greater number than England lost iu this gallant struggle perish through contempt of tlie laws of health' In tlio city of Ely, for example, tho report of the liogistrar-tieneral of England in forms us '.hat, before the city submitted to sanitary reforms, the deaths were 26 to the thousand, — after, they were 19 ; and those reforms are based on nn abundant supply of water, iind tlie des Iruclion of 4000 cubic yards of cess pools. Thus, again, at Liverpool, in in 1837, no less than 39 in a thousand died ; when the town was partially re formed in 1857, tlio number fell to '20 in a thousand. Often the progress ol death first leads to tbe discovery of the lurking miasma, and disease follows with stealthy but uudeviating steps in the track of filth and corruption. Hut often Hit' conlngion passes lo neighbor hoods deemed healthy. The following is full of warning and instruction : — 11 Typhoid fever, which s young physician (Dr. Hurchison) propose to cull ' pvthog'inic lever,' to point iis origin Horn putrid etiluvia, has been prevalent in souls districts. Several dcalliB occurred from it in Dnvenlry. All dm cases were confined to a email tpace which was b.dlydiained. The Regius Professor of Medi cine in tho University of Oxford hns recently written an interesting report on tliifi fuvcr occur ring in the paribh of Gieal Norwood. The township contained n iwpuhtinu of 704 in lP.Tl ; mift 123 hid been attacked, IS killed liytlio fever up to thi- itth Julv, tlio date ol this report. He shows how the village, «» tlie sido»f a hill, ilia (iamb pleasantly wooded, with line pas tures and fruitful corn liuMf, occupied by a po pulation wholly agricultural, was attacked liy thn fever; how ihe fii-t case, appearing about Michaelmas in last year, ocenued in olio of tho best liouecB '-( the place. The patient had been at Buckingham, and there was much fuvcr at the time. Uo then tells how tho brothers and eislertinf the servant, and the tcrvsnt her. self, finally fell 111 iu iheir home; how alltlie | oo pie of « room over filthy water, in tha wori-t house inlhepaiish, wereatlReked.and Ihreoof the family died ; aud then how the inmates of a new row of houses and of old cottages were, vititcd by the village plague. He sums up by ascubing the continuance of the disease dur ing tlie Url nine months in various degrees to contagion, overcrowded dwellings, putioscont niattoi.nud an insufficient supply of fresh air, or, as it is called, bad ventilation. Tho evil is most gi icvous in Ihe sleeping rooms. ' We can do no more,' raid one woman, 'than keep clean that which we have. We cannot got our land lord to give us more air, orruiko the windows we have to open. ' Women,' he Baid ' aro best shut up.'' '1 often awake stifled,' said ano (her womjn, ' and me and tny liusbaLd go and fit at tho window.' The poor people, however, can remedy tho o her great evil lrom which they suffer ; ' accumulations of muck, filth, and piggeries close to human dwellings.' Here is the type of fevor and its cau-es iu ngiieuilursi districts. Dr. Acland shows how the ravages of disease may bo diminished. Ho Bkelchcs a model cottage and relerx for luither infoima lion to the admirable volume by Rolicrts, on the dwellings of the labouring clatses. Ho tells how dwellings should bo managed, and how ?juisanccB should be abolished.' We have to deplore in this country tbe continual sacrifice of children life. Iu colonies of but recent establishment, there can be comparatively few who have reached llie period allotted to man. Such communities ought to teem with young life. The loss of a child is the loss of a multitude — it is the destruc tion of a race ; tiio young life of a young country is its strength — the basis of all its hopes. The great task of society is the preservation and moral training of ils youth. That which threatens infant life is, ihercfoic, to be numbered ninoug the worst calamities. If there were any decline in the staple of the country, we should have com mittees of enquiry and public meetings, and appeals to Government. Hut so it is — not tens, but hundreds and thou sands of children perish every year, whoso deaths arc to lie ascribed to a neglect or violation of physical laws. There is ,i riuperistitiou ihat children are under some special Providence— a boon which the same superstition as freely giants (o tbe drunkard; a scarcely worse supcrsliliou is (hat which treats infant mortality na a thing to be de sired, under a general impression that the death of tlio child places it beyciid spiritual danger. If these notions were carried out, we should see children abandoned — or some benevolent Herod would slaughter tbe innocents. But, in truth, all such notions arc as abxurd as they aro unnatural. We have our part assigned in tlio economy of life, and it in our duty to sacrifice every thing Io preserve tho children entrusted to our care. The fact, then, stares us iu the face: — children who might have elevated the world by their intellect, served it by their labor, mid purified it bj their virtue, have dropped oft' in hundreds into the untimely grave. They died the victims cf the violation of sanitary laws. Tliey perished either by the negligence of tho parent, or (lie apathy of society at large. They were fed with improper food ; they were bli fled with impure air ; they were besut everywhere with the malaria of dykes and cesspools ; they were drenched with drugs to abate the irritability of dis ease ; and thus they bad scarcely tasted the banquet of life before they were poisoned. Evils lire tolerated in society because no person feels responsible. \Ve forgot that we aro so involved in each other's fate that no man can with impunity neglect the social circumstances of his neighbor. The alleys of the city send disease in to its squares and terraces ; the malaria generated in a miserable den is carried to the mansion, and (he fever which carries off the beggar's child avenges the neglect of which lie was tlie victim by smiling down tlie heir of the wealthy house. We aro made up of contradictions. The poorest parents among us would repel with scorn the temptation of gold to sacrifice the happiness of their off spring. They often endure privation and toil, not only with constancy, but with cheerfulness rather than subject their children to danger, and yet they will see one after another die from causes under tlm control of science, of cleanliness, and precaution, without onee demanding the help of society to arrest tho arm of the destroyer. They risk becoming childless rather than submit to taxation. They sacrifice the life of their sons and daughters rather than inculcate and enforce those laws which are the condition of life. 