TOPICS OF THE MONTH IN EUROPE. , T (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) London, June 18, 1859. If, as is of course the case, you have been opening your eyes wider and wider each success save mail for the last half-dozen at the eccentrici- ties of that most spanish of all females, Mother Country, you had better close them at once, O'S will they tumble out altogether, and there will be no such thing as scratching them in again, as in the familiar instance recorded by the nursery historian concerning " that man of Thessaly which was so wondrous wise," and who, by jumping into a quickset hedge and back, performed an operation for ophthalmia that would have astonished our oculists, or a double sighted Highlander who is always looking into the middle of next week, without, however, being able to see much farther than his nose, and hence is snubbed. As for the " eyes of Europe," which the people of England For at least the three tailors of Tooley-street for a hem-have always been saying are over open. up they are now off, or at any rate find it no us in any longer being on, for the sight convoys no sense; there is no comprehending what is seen; and the spectators must suspect they are contemplating the spectacle through the medium of the child's telescope, which shows everything upside down. Whether the eye of another hemisphere: will be more discerning is to be seen; but probably you will be of opinion that there isn't much likelihood of that when you open your despatches on receipt of this, and behold the view of dissolved Derby is and re-instated Palmers to his when you find the Comic Old Gentleman not only laughing in his sleeve but broad grinning like Grimaldi in Mother Goose, at the foolish yet self-satisfied faces of the majority of his ministerial colleagues ; while certain of the minority laugh too, but at the wrong side of their mouths', partly in contempt for themselves, and partly with disgust for the nation that could permit so preposterous a combination, which, nevertheless is the best that can be made, and if it were not made, then the British Constitution would have to be unmade, and would tumble to pieces of its sheer wickedness, and cabinet reconstruction would be beyond the power of carpentry. Who are these colleagues ? You'll think it a' joke, but you'll find it isn't, when you are told that the chief one, or rather the chief three, the) Cerberus of the Happy Family, three gentlemen rolled into one, is John Bright. What of Birmingham ? Yes, the Quaker and well may you shake as you hear it. Here we havn't a f River left, and there isn't a man amongst us would be startled if tumbled into a congress of electric eels, so familiar are we with other odd fish considerably more shocking. But surely Bright isn't in the Cabinet, and in the Cabinet of Palmerston, whom he gibbetted only a few short years ago as the most arrant impostor in all this age of charlatans and shams ! No; John himself certainly is not he knows better than that and audacious as he is, he host scruples. The first that may be mentioned is concerning unmentionables- breeches to wits The entire dray-horses of Barclay and Perkins wouldn't draw John into a pair of Court smalls ; nor all the men-at-arms in the Tower, at the point of the bayonet, fix a toasting fork in his hand ; saying nothing of shoe buckles, knee ditto, and the rest of the anti Pennsylvanian toggery essential to appearance in the Royal pre fence. But he of Birmingham is nevertheless the Warwick of the occasion; sets up and pulls down premiers almost at pleasure and of course, controls the Council Board through his puppets Of these the principal for the present is Milner Gibson, whom he has put at the head of the Poor Law Department. Having placed Cobden, although in America where he still is, in Parliament for Bright's own borough of Rochdale, He has also now placed him in the Cabinet as President of the Board of Trade. It takes a, good deal to astonish the Unadorned at any time; but assuredly, if there be one grain of surprisability in his composition, it must explode like an kOrsini bomb, when tidings reach him among the Yankees, showing that not only ist Richard himself again, but a greater man than, ever. But will be so consider himself ? Will he consent to be so considered by others ? Doubtful He will be here in a few days, and then we shall know. But Cabinet Minister he is at present, duly sanctioned and approved by the Queen ; after all because John Bright commands it. You will know, perhaps as it is to be hoped you did long: ago recognise the justness of the measure taken in this correspondence of the potentiality of the Quaker, at whose supposed feebleness and the-' practicability and wretchedness all our sages oS Senate and Press have been sneering these six months. The bare idea of two so prominent members of the peace party as Cobden and Gibson, at the b. best of a third Bright, sitting in a Cabinet whose head is the professional firebrand Palmerston cool enough is the noble incendiary, however, when a certain Northern fire-engine plays upon, him), is so outé that all other anomalies and incongruities, combinations and dislocations and sanctification, seem trite and common-place in comparison. Yet are there other things of a like kind much more fantastic In Cobden's june tion, if he join, there will be self-contradiction only on one side, and that not his side. If he enter the Cabinet, it will be to put an end to what he has ever denounced as the great destroying race of the English governmental system scores diplomacy; and if he can't put an end to it, he will very soon make a finish of the Ministry, though Finality will perhaps anticipate him in: that for Lord John, too, is a member, and will speedily dismember the whole body, scattering it ' limb by limb to limb. Yes, the author of " Don Carlos" will presently re-enact the leading incident in that long-damned piece of bedevilmouf;» and destroy his own offspring, this very Ministry; for it is his even more than Palmerston's. Had it not been for Lord John, Granville, and not Palmerston, would have been the Premier In this case Palmerston would have been Foreign Secretary, and Lord John the Lord knows what. Now, rather than Palmerston should be Foreign Secretary, the Court, by every member of whom he is abominated Louis Napoleon and the Czar know why, as do also Kossuth and Mazzini, all four being now hard follows, and tumbling all the old houses in Europe out of windows would far prefer his being pre- mier. In this post, having to do his work through other instruments, and his tool, Clarendon, being thrown aside, he cannot be supreme, as he would be were he in the foreign department for foreign purposes "foreign" in this sense, meaaJ ing " alien." The only man who has a chance of not know ingly becoming Palmerston's tool in such departs ment is Russell ; but Lord John's vanity in 158 enormous, he carries that little Pontifical, cooled! sparrows, bantam-chickenish head of his doings in the air, that he will porch upon any twig-,' however thickly lined, if at a flattering altitude,' Hence the old Tiverton fowler, as sure as a gun; will lure him on to ruin, as he has often done before and then the unfortunate will be matta game of in the most unseasonable season. If; was so in the two great blunders of Lord JoluVaf life-a life full of blunders, for even his successes have all been the consequences of "something not turning out as he intended, or something else turning out as he did not intend. These two were, first, the Italian mission of?, his father-in-law, Minto, in 1848, to stir up, as the befuddled Envoy himself imagined, and as the mistaken Russell also of course thought, the Italians to resistance. That was exactly the object of Palmerston also. Holet his poor little egotistical dupe take credit for it, and for writing speeches for his father-in-law [rather younger than himself], with scraps front' Dante and Ariosto, tobe spouted, as they were spouted, from Venetian balconies and Mantuan, balustrades] the noble pledge also, strutting water ntlif^ayipri'^with'a wide-awake on his head, a pair 5fjBighf¿and-sixpenny high-lows on his hoofs, and his hands in his pockets, and asking the 1 ' attend scene triple-hatted chimera," as Carlyle' has it] how he found himself, and what was the reason it should be 23 o'clock on the Tiber when it was only half-past 11 on the Thames. a But there was this all essential difference between. the motives of the then Premier and the Foreign « 'Secretary-the one'meant the democratic uprise ' 'jug to be real and successful ; the other meant it to be a mockery and a failure It was not that manner; it was the latter. The Republican move '" In lion was stimulated for the purpose of betraying P. to the despots those who confided in the English i i and hence the enormity so monstrous as to be incredible, were not the actors the witnesses of the Sicilian insurrectionists being prevented by British men-of-war from returning the fire of Bombs, whom they had been incited by British emissaries to dethrone. Hence, also, the not less incredible, but yet more elcarly-demonstrntj 1 fact (set forth in the Blue Books, and raked up in the recent debates all over again), that in '" "J 843, when Austria wanted to abandon Lom ' 'handy, and be off Dnnubownrds, Palmerston paragon of nationality-mongers, truly British Minister would not let her. He forced her into retaining the Milanese provinces, by the: means forced her into bringing the Russians upon the Hungarians, thereby rendered inevitable the Crimean war, which, in its turn, renders 1 inevitable the Peace of Paris; and thatagainhasljl H. to this terrible Russo-Fianco-Sardo confederacy, in presence of which we are now trying to sing . '' Riflemen Form" with the rattle in our tin ore, crying "Who's afraid?" with the valour of i , school-boy whistling in a churchyard to keep the ghosts off. The second great blunder in Russell's '' career was, the Durham Letter, which produced the first irremediable fracture in parliamentary liberalism, and the consequences of which bid defiance to repair, save in such miserable cob Wer's; work as the present Cabinet disclose?. the real history of that most suicidal epistle is still a secret to the public; but it is well known to have been the result of a trap laid for their self-sufficiency which, as Sidney Smith used to say, would have impelled Lord John to take the command of the Channel fleet, or attempt the chef d'oeuvre of lithographic surgery." He was told to take the Papal bull by the horns ; but the only horns he got hold of were those of a , dilemma which have never ceased goring him from that point to this. But perhaps a more poignant dilemma even than that is the one he is now impaled upon. You remember who can ever forget? the circum- stances under which he made his double exit ), from office on the last two occasions. t First, he turned round all of a sudden on Aberle on, an I tripped up the heels of the two Peelites, the Duke of Newcastle and Mr. Sidney Herbert, for their " horrible and heart-rending" mismanagement of the war, undermined the House, and then, with the instinct of a rat, fled ere it fell. Soon after he was made a Cabinet minister by Palmerston and telegraph, while wandering about the Continent, and' proceeded as ambassador extraordinary most extraordinary ambassador to Vienna. Here occurred the famous episode of the Four Points, one being that the war should then and thus terminate, and the siege of Sebastopol be stopped at, once. This he vehemently urged, as did also his French colleague, Drouyn de Lhuys, who, like a man, threw up his post when his own Government refused to back him, which it died, Palmerston saying ditto to the Imperial gentleman as regarded the English emissary. Home came Lord John; but instead of carrying his tail between his legs, he brandished it NOT er his head, expanded his mane, stretched forth his paws, and raising his voice for war, stood forth as the impersonation of the British lion in the most rampant state of pugnacity Nothing would do for him but the extermination of the Russian bear, whom he growled at for having in "rhinoceros hide " (his own words) and not coming out to fight to the death. But what must have been the forty-hippopotomac hide of that man who could thus talk while knowing that all his Cabinet colleagues know he had been urging upon them the adoption of the very opposite sentiments? For a while the imposture prospered. At last the truth came out, that this bellicose personage, who roared for " guns, blun- discusses, trumpets, drums, and thunder," in St Stephen's, Westminster, had been coming as tirelessly as a sucking dove in St. Stephen's, 1 Tionna. Then, indeed, on the discovery of this duplicity, rose on all sides a cry of disgust, the like of which never was heard before, yet soon may be heard again. Still he wouldn't stir Either affecting to be, or actually being, in sensible to the indignation, he adhered to the Treasury bench with all that "feline tenacity" with which Whittle Harvey stigmatised the Whiggery of five-and-twenty 3 years ago. But the measure now nosed a oat ' whom it was essential to drive to the dogs, and to the dogs they drove him Most hydrophobia bowling, on his part. All the subordinates the lowes, Fitzroys, and so forth- signed a round ' robin, presented by a good-natured friend, Bouverie, son of Lord Radnor, calling upon him to go, c' for with him they wouldn't stay. Accordingly, 1 he had to go, and went with the worst grace possible, publicly telling those who expelled him that they only deserved his silent contempt. This intimation they received with a grin of derision, which was echoed by a gwaffof hilariousness from the Opposition, who rejoiced at this arangement of the trick played off upon poor Peohtes ; 1 albeit these two, together with Aberdeen, were, of all the coalition, specially obnoxious to the Derbyites, Disraeli's journal singling them, out for perpetual] attack, so much so that the Premier himself mentioned the matter in the Lords, attributing the authorship to Benjamin, point-blank. Well, wonderful to tell, the Peelites, Newcastle and Herbert, are back again, sitting at the same board as the man who had thus treated them, and had, to all appearance irretrievably deceased himself by so ( doing. The Duke again takes the Colonial Seal, that unlucky stamp being, as usual, bandied about from one hand to another till it finally stuck to his Grace's fingers ; the Under Secretary being Mr. Chichester Fortescue, who had nine months of the office before. At first it was supposed that Lord Elgin, who, according to oil anticipation, is the real coming man, was to have the department ; but he has been obliged to be satisfied with the Post Office, the Duke of Argyll, who last held that office, being now Privy Seal, yet redolent of the unsavoury contact with Olan ricardo., Then Sir George Grey was to have it, but that most ill-conditioned and jaundiced of red-tapeism has been put off with the Chancellor- ship of the Duchy of Lancaster, an office of no work, some eminence, and much pay, and therefore in every way too good for him. Next Wood was to have it; but then, as any sort of capacity is supposed to be suitable to the management of the,! 40 dependencies of Great Britain, particularly at a time like this, when the foreigner has a keen eye to some one of those and may some fine morning relieve us from the necessity of looking after some of them, and as Sir Charles does know some In little about India, he is placed in that department, the luckless Vernon Smith being left to bemoan that geographical ignorance of his which represented Delhi as being surrounded by the Ganges, of the Tigris, or the Volga, or the Yarra Yarra, or whatever flood of foolishness it was he jumbled into on that tsai comical occasion. Clarendon was another who, was mentioned for the colonies ; but, luckily for your antipodean sensitiveness, that highly moral personage, who once prosGi ved " law and order "" by conspiring with Mr. Birch to accuse inoffensive citizens of being qualified to figure' in the Newgate Calendar, has been excluded altogether and to mark the significance of that exclusion more empha tical, so too has his brother, Charles Villiers, formerly Judge Advocate-General, now nothing in particular. Last came Lewis, who, however, having been superseded by Gladstone in the Exchequer, has taken the Home Office, and having nothing to do there, will probably perform it with great industry and assiduity, as he does everything else, including the blowing of, his nose, which he does in the most exemplary manner, as though the organ were a cornet-a-piston. I I Gladstone's junction with the Ministry at all is one of the most startling of all the phenomena we are now talking of Not only did he become a virtual Dcrbyito b> Vis undertaking the lonian Island anti-Ulysscan expedition, but in the division of this day week, which has caused these changes, who voted with the then Government, and against the want of confidence motion, which has overthrown them by a majority of 13 in the largest House ever assembled ; yet now ho joins the new coalition, and undertakes to ma ago their finance, in the face of his own pledge to abolish the Income-tax i of 1800, and in the face Of his own principle to defray all current expenses Out of current receipts, and not to tax posterity through loans now; and all this with an hourly increase of enormous expenditure in preparation for a war that is as certain as quarter- day itself. The fact is that, like other feminine articles, there is no doing with him nor with a ut him. If he is not in office he tears any Budget to pieces ; if he is in office his own budget is rent in, atoms and it is only the budget he will condescend to accept, partly to prove that he is a practical man, which he isn't, and understands other figures than those of rhetoric, which he doesn't and partly to show his competency to compete with Mr. Disraeli in leading the House, which he can't for Palmerston is to be his own leader, but with a team of wheelers that will assuredly kick over the traces, and leave the State-coach squelched in the middle of the road, with all sorts of spokes in its wheels, ere Six months run round. Sir James Graham was to have been a potent pack-horse, but then as it as the Admiralty portfolio he would have to carry it would never do to bring him and old Sir Thunderbolt, Napier together again, or the catastrophe of the Kilkenny cats would, take place to a dead certainty. Napier is, once more a great man, and is ready, aye ready," as the motto on his crest prescribes, Nelsoiiically to do whatever duty Englaijdjoxpeets at his hands, and that is no trifle, for there are no other hands to do it, and his are now threescore and three- quarters of a score old. Graham then is out,'but,his son's father-in-law, the Duke of Somerset, husband of the Queen of Beauty, and, whose, knowledge of gunnery is confined to an experiment with pistols on the head of the papa of the young lady with whom one of the Sheridan's, ran away, is wow First Lord, and about the very last man who should be so. His Duchess is byinuclïhis tetter-half-the real man of the family, as Napoleon said was the case with a certain feminine Bourbon who wore the virile garment ere the Bloomer unwhisperablcs turned up. 0 It is bor Grace who wrote, or gets credit for, writing, the admirable army and navy reports of the Committee over which the Duke presided when lord Seymour and certainly in neither House has he given the least evidence of being able to write them himself. He is a curious, economical, mneenronified creature, the sight of whom is enough to give any Jack Tar seasickness, especially as he is always in the most jaundiced name of mind, and seems as if he just came 53 n pitch-and-toss cruise in the chops of the Channel, inthenioststomach-dUturbingweatlier. Poor little I Pakington, with his rural air of half-knowing silliness about things nautical, was grotesque enough, but Somerset is doubly so; and ] his apparition in the Downs will be sufficient to set all the sailors dancing hornpipes on the masthead, which is the I usual marine mode of saltatory exercise, ! according to Mr. T. P. Cooke, of Long Tom Coffin immortality. It is the Duke's I temper, however, that is intolerable, and many a post-captain would rather encounter a broad- side from a French three-decker than stand a raking fire of gall from the bilious peer. Fortunately he has for secretary Lord Clarence Paget, who does know something about ships; so between them they make up an amphibious set of rain that may keep the department from foundering that is, foundering sooner than any other, for the whole crazy craft will go down by the head almost at her moorings, before she put i to sea at all, notwithstanding a whole crew of Jonah have been thrown overboard Panmure, Crauworth, Sir F. Baring, and others, beside 3 those already mentioned. danville is President of the Council, instead of Presidents of the Ministry. He represents the Court, as does also his cousin Argyll and his cousin Carlisle, who goes as Viceroy to Ireland again and the aunt, mother-in-law, or grandmother of the whole of them, the Duchess of Sutherland, is once more Mistress of the Robes, and of other palace habits besides wearing apparel also bringing with her Bessborough, as Master of the Buckhuunds-impoi tant functionary in a crisis like the present, when the foreign wolves of despotism and democracy are howling at Bull's door-when Bonaparte and Kossuth hobbies in the Tuilleries to the confusion, if not exactly of Britannia, at least of those who stand between her and the fate they themselves are experienc- ing. What fate that is you will see by the narrative of the sweeping successes of the France Sardinians over the Austrians ; yet the principle of the present Administration is to support the French and oppose the Austrians and Germans, and this is the condition on which Her Majesty has been obliged to accept her new advisers at Windsor to-day Waterloo Day, of all days in the year. What wonder that V.R. and the Consort Field-Marshal should be in a fright ? They both are so, and neither attempts to disguise it, least of all the marital warrior, who trembles for the parochial patrimony of Tliiiringia,comntonrycallol Coburg and Gotha, of which territory, as well as of Belgium, there will be Flemish account too long. Meanwhile the Albertine reaches, the Phijipses, are croaking as if under a harrow for the plough of Palntorstonian patronage turns up nought for them now. The chief of them, Lord Normanby, who owes so much to the Viscount, came out with a prodigious phillippe on Palmerston the first night of the session, wanting England against receiving the counsels of the avowed accomplice and parasite of a man whose design? were so palpably perilous to this country as Louis Napoleon's, the Marquis adding that he had personal reasons of the most conclusive kind for believing that these designs were ripening fast. Considering the long intimacy of Normanby with Bonaparte, as our Ambassador during the Presidency and after the coup d'etat, and considering, also, his long official residence in Italy, and his acquaintance with the condition of the Continent generally, this ominous J declara- tion has naturally produced a great sensation, as well because, of its pregnant meanings, as being obviously prompted from the palace. Not less piquant was a similar speech, to a precisely similar effect, from a similar speaker Lord Howden. He, too, owes everything to Palmerston, by whom he was employed everywhere to do . all sorts of things, dirty and clean-very little of the latter and a great deal of the former. Yet he came out the same night, and proclaimed his belief, and said he had the best grounds for believing, that this Cossaok-Zouave-F eclniontese combination was meant' for the ruin of England, beginning with her expulsion from the Mediterranean, exactly as had been arranged by the first Napoleon and the first Russian Alexander, at the treaty of Tilsit. Pleasant prospects all these, and with one Ministry having just tumbled into chaos, and another hardly upon its legs, and going to do the same" thing day, even before it has got upon its legs it has nearly perished. Last night Roebuck, who spoke and voted for the Derbyites, was about to make an assault upon their successors, and had he done so, there is no saying what might not have happened, considering the almost evenly balanced state of parties, and that the Dorbyites have their men well in hand, sales manager for a fray. But no Ministerial statement was made, and no opportunity offered for I " Tearom " to fasten on him of Tiverton. But the . ceremony the occasion serves John Arthur, the 1 ShofScld blade, means to play swordfish to the Treasury whales, and then we shall see some j amaring spouters laid low. You will be glad to learn that, drawing the short., sitting last night, the late Colonial Secretary, Sir | Bulwer Lytton, appeared in the House looking better than he has done for a long time, which, to he sure, would not be difficult even for a loss clever. follow than himself ; but much, better than could be expected from the reports, which had represented him as being at death's door. He will now have leisure, and " what will he do with it?" is the question at the circulating libraries. It was thought that he would be made a poor but domestic considerations, connubial and his - rental, probably prevent him. Nor has he had any other titular or decorative distinction, though Pakington and Malmesbury have got the red ribbon of the Bath, and Derby the blue ditto of the Garter ; why so, or what for, there isn't wit enough in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to guess. The Whigs, or Coali- tionists, or whatever you may call them, and it doesn't much matter what, have already made one poor-viz., Sir Benjamin Hall, now Lord of Llanover-and they deserve a vote of thanks for taking so conceited a goose off the Common?. Their reason for this is, that they thereby not old , of a claimant for one of the Ministerial posts, and were able to put Caldwell in the Cabinet a? Secretary for Ireland, in which office he will of eel about as much at home as if he sat down in a wasp' nest without his pantaloons. But the Peelites would have sent in and Sydney Herbert, the now War Man (who has Lord Ripon for his secretary it's a wonder he didn't take Quaker Gilpin, who is also in the Ministry, another of Bright's proteges would have made a row of the most Balaclnyn-liko confusion, if his crony wasn't in the Cabinet somehow. Well may the Queen (God bless her 1) be well-nigh at her wits' end, though surely it would be enough to drive her out of her was to be presented with a keeper of her senses once in the person of Plain Jock, commonly called Lord Campbell, aged. 60, and who looks a century in addition. Fancy such an individual, about as picturesque as a sack of potatoes and as polished as a hedgehog on a muddy afternoon, being made Lord High Chancellor. Then think of Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, and say if it is wonderful if every ward in the Court became a lunatic one, and inn stark mad at the sight of such folly on the part of men whose province is to practise as well as preach wisdom, and who yet put new horsehair wigs on their tends instead of nightcaps that would last till the Day of Judg- ment. This is the Benson, for canards, and all sorts mo flying about. But don't treat as such of to report, if it should reach you by next mail, that there has been another Ministerial crisis, and yet another in progress ! 