riTHE CHAMPION, SWEEPSTAKES.. r ï'VâvàaBvn," in Bell's Lift in'.. rictoria.;(hd»-eontioaeB his.nUtemenf« of the pedigree» and performances of norse« catered:-- , , ..tf.. > , TOMBOY. ' ! . Tomboy, a, brown gelding, bred .by, Mr. John Orr, at Stratford Lodge, in 1630, is hy The Premier oat of Flight. Full particulars of The Premier I h ive already given two or three times. Flight, bred by Mr, Vf. P. Greene in 1815, is by Rory O'Mcre out of Ñora Creina, a fall account of whom I gave last week. Flight baa been in tho stud since 1818, but up to tbe present time bas had only.two foals by a thoroughbred horse, viz., Tomboy and Romp, who WOB foaled in 1352. Flight was covered last year by Boiardo. ! Tomboy made his first appearance in pnblio as a two year-old at the Kyneton raoss of 1853, a fortnight after ho had been broken in, and bolted, the lad who rodo bim being unable to hold him; and I may hero remark that the memorable Black Thursday, on which occasion all his owner's hay, oats, and grass were burned, militated greatly against the early growth of this equine celebrity After his defeat at Kyneton, he was well fed, and about December of the flame year appeared at the Charlotte Plains meeting, where bo boat some of Mr. Simson'* horses., Ho was then left in that gentleman's stable to train, and at Kyneton, in fair condition, ran away from everything that opposed him. He then repaired to tho metropolis to have a shy at tho Leger, but bad boen f'rird so much with Balloon, that both colts wero run off their feed, and Tomboy appeared at the,post in no condition, ans was unable to get through tho deep ground. Asa four-year-old, his first effort was at Bendigo, anil being in good form won his races with the utmost ease, Jeannette bein his most formidable opponent. At the Turf Club Spring Meeting, Zanga beat him in a cantor for the Spring Stakes, though the formor had tho same dny pla-ed a,Rood field hors de combat, inoluding Sirawok, Arab, Flying Pieman, &c;, in the Victoria Plate ; but I remember that Tomboy's dofe.it wos attributed to bnd hay and oats, on the road, which purged bim ; at Caris- brook he walked over for one race, but being f.»t nnd short of work, woe benleu nt three miles. Ho was then entrusted to ;dr. Simson ogsin, who took bim to Bollaarac, where he was beaten in all his en<agoments. After this, Mr. Orr to k charge of him, and ho carag out as fit OB a fiddle at Melbourne in March 'öö, and ployed a wonder, fully suoaessful engagement. On the first day, tho Pub- licans' Purse fall to his share, in whioh he vanquished Caledonia, Sarawak, Jeannotte, and Modesty. On tho second, Vanguard and Frantic beat a retreat in the Mern bera' lJlate. On the third, carrying Ost Sib. ho ran nwny rom Haphazard (8st 101b), Sarawak (Ojt 01b), and Don Diego (7st 01b), in tho Foroed Handicap. On tho fourth with a thumping lOst, did not turn a bair in tbe Auc- tioneers' Plate, beating Sarawok (Qst lllb), and Vapour (8st 101b) ; and the some afternoon, under list 71b plaood Degreaves's Cup on the credid side of his lodger, and on the MondBy following, I Want It, the winner nf the Queen's Plato that yenr, hadn't a ghost of a ohonoe, in a matob, threie mileB, for a couple of omturies. Ho was taken next week to Geelong, where ho went nil to pieoes, after winning the Town Plate, but was patched up to run his match with Jeannette, far too good nn animal at three miles to throw a chance away with, as the event proved, for she made a groot example of poor Tomboy, and everybody said that ho could not qo so fir os three miles. He then bad a spell in a paddock until March,'50, and his und. rstandings not'being all there, appeared at the psst for the Queen's Guineas short of work, but he won the MOO notwithstanding, after n slashing set-to with Freeholder, and beating a good field, in whioh were Petrel, Cardinal Wisemin, Becky Sharpe, Tennnette, otc. Noxt doy, with n 71b penalty, ho was nowhero-ñn tho Town Plate, won by Van Tromp. But the Sweepstakes was more in his woy, and ho howled over with ease Cardinal Wiseman, Alma, and Jeannette ; and tho last day, secured the Auctioneers' Pnrso against nn indifferent field. At Geelong he was beaten twioo by Van Trom p, but tho middlo day nppropri nted the Stewards! Purse, tinder welter weights. Ho then took a provincial tour, and finished the season at'Cas tlemaino, whoro ho playad duoks and drakes with every thing he met. j .Tomboy then loy on bis oars for a wholo season, and came out in splendid condition to compelo with Coorn min in a mile and a hnlf match on the day of tho great contest between Vono.nnd Alice Hawthorn, Tho Sydney people oertainly were in luck that day, for in bis match with Tomboy, Cooramin earned the only viatory ho has over achieved in this colony. But tho tables wire turned the next.weok, when Tomboy ran tho memorable race with Veno, and retrieved the faded laurels of tho crest filien Victonians.. I never shall forget the excitement of that afternoon, when Holmes returned to scale after the race. It wan pouring with rain, but nobody sceraod to know it ; and I verily believe that the exoitod multitude would havo oarried tho horse into Melbourne hud thoy boen allowed. At tho Princess" Theatre tho next even- ing. Holmes was presented with a watch and fl purso of I sovereigns ns a trophy of victory, and everybody believed him when he said that " Wellington nt Watrrloo was not I mora proud of victory than he was on Tomboy." The "bills of the pla}" announced that Tomboy would ap- pear on the boards, but the apology that was giv^n by Mr. Anthony Green, his trainer, amusod the audience quite as much. At tho November meeting Tomboy was in groat foroe, and secured tho Viotoria Plate and Sweep, stakos in a canter, in both of whiob ho vanquished Van Tromp, besides Alice Hawthorn in the former, and Woodpecker in tho latter. But tho last djy he wns mur- dered with weight in the big bandi :op, and Mr. J. Orr did not push him when he found his burthen, IO st. 71b , too much for him. Ar Ballaarat be wont for tbe Great Handicap but a certain fulling off in his oonditon, and nn accident at tho baok of the course, prevented his shewing at the finish. His last appcaranoo upon the gay and festive scone was in tho Q teen's Guineas last year, when he broke down badly, alter uoing a little moro than a mile. Ho waa soon ofter turned out and fired by Mr. Anthony Green, and has enjoyed his otiuin cum dig at his owner'd station on the Colyban, almost up to tbe present time. Last week he was brought to Melbourne, andjis now enjoying the seo air of St. Kilda at the private stablos of Mr. Dougherty, where ho is being looked nftor by Monaghan. Ile stands rather low in the betting world, and lots of rooney can be put on him at tho pre- sent time at 20 tj 1. WAir-A-WIIU-E. Wait-a-while, a black gelding, bred by Mr. A M'L. Hunter in 1803, is by Rory O'Mora out of Silvertail, a mare whoso pedigree I am unable to give you. Bory O'More was imported to this colony nearly twenty years ago by Mr. W. P. Green ;-bois by Irish Birdo.ttcher out of a mara by Drone, grand.darn Mary Anne by Waxy Pope, and tho siro of the followinggood winners:-Tara bourine, Glenelg, Woodpeoker, Alma, Warndoo, Sn. Rory O'More is also tbe grindsiro of Tomboy, Flat caloher, and Flying Jib. Wait-a-Wbilo oommonoed business in tho Maiden Plate nt the T.C. Mnroh meeting of 1838, in whioh ho WOB beaten with ease by Partisan and Inkerman. ? Next day he broke the ioe in the Forced Handicap, with 7st. 71b. on him, putting to fight Partisan, 8st. 71b., AVood pecker, Ost. 7lb., and Chronometer, 8st. ; but tho lost day was again disappointed in tho Dootbolders' Purso by Inktrmnn by a-head, who had half a etona tho best of it. Burring a trip up tho country, which was not a souroe of profit to bis owner, this closed his career for that season. His first great performance was in tho Free Handicap, at tho last Oo:oher meeting, in whioh ho astonished the talent, and landed a good Blake for his owner ; ha won the moe with ense, under 8st. Olb. Maid of tho Mill, 8st. 31b., scoond, nnd Flato.-itaber, not in his best form, 8st. 121b., third. A dozen and a-half started, amongst thom being threo or four good 'uns. The ForcodHandioap.in whioh ho gave Goldflniernoarly astono and a-half, and Tiger a stone, fell to bia abare tho foui th day; but ho waa beaten in a handicap the last day by Othello and Loais Napoleon, to both of whom bo ceded plenty of .weight. At the November tryat ho goinod n flrst-olass oharaoter, and|was an easy oonqueror of Wood- peoker and half-a-dozen others of the second division, in the Spring Stakos, but Woodpeoker hod been beaten only an hour pr^vious'y by Flotoatohor -in tho Viotoria Plate ; on the third day, with Oat., ho ron Flntaatober, Sst. 101b., to a-hond for tho Grand T.C. Handicap, and beat a good field, but in the Foroed Handicap dirootly afterwards, was most injudiciously started against Attila and Sultan, both of whom, with light weights, could go a oraolter for a milo and a-half. The result wns that Wnlt-a-"While, who carried Ost. 3lb., nover nhowed near tho front. Ho thon wont to Bnllnarat to try his poworB ovor throe miles with Alioo Hawthorn, but booamo. tender in his foot before tho raoe, and had'nt a chanco with bor ; but ho must havo boon in tho beat form to beat her that day, for I nover saw tho old maro so flt, and that was tho genoral impression at tho time. Wait a-Wbilo then liy by for tho Jookoy Club Autumn Moot- ing, when he came out right again, and had a good innings j ho found no difllonlty in bowing ovor Bed Door and R?d Hover in tho Trial Stakes; in the AVoltor llaudiaap bo was run against, opposite tho gate, and lost a good ohiriae; but in tho Sweepstakes waa again auo- j coaaful, Blink Bonny, who rnoed him stride for stride for tholait half milo, brooking down at tho distanoo. Tim Moor going inside a post, and the last af tho quartotto, Bed Bovor, not hoing good enough for tho company bc waa in. With thia viotory he abut up Bhop, nnd spoodily raturnod to bis oountry coat near Fyan's Ford, ia the neighbourhood of Geelong, where, under tho fostering caro af his owner, Mr. Kelly, and Mahon, ho ia boin« preparad for tho Champion raoo. On chango he stund-, very low, oven twpnty.flvo to ono, but at sbortor odds 1 than that ho has boon booked to win a good stake, 