SHIPPING INTELLIGrENCE. HOBSON'S BAY. TIDE TABLE THIS DAY. - High water, morning,10.15; do., afternoon, 10.37. January 31. -6 a.m. Wind N.E. Noon: Wind S.E. 5 p.m. : Wind S. ARRIVED. - JANUARY 30. Royal Shepherd, s. s., 184 tons, W. H. Saunders, from Launceston 28th inst. Passengers - cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Weir, Miss Grey, Mr. and Mrs. Collins, Miss Wilkinson, Mrs. Houseman, Messrs. A. McKinnon, Kennedy, Alfred Smith, C. Duck, Davis, Walker, O'Brien, G. Levy, A. F. Saye, Morris; and 27 in the steerage. Wm. Baylis and Co., agents. Swordfish, schooner, 155 tons, J. Roberts, from Hobart Town 25th inst. Passenger - cabin ; Mr. Evans ; and two in the steerage. Gilles, Nicholson and Co., agents. Monarch, barque, 315 tons, William Marr, from Sydney 24th inst. Passengers - cabin : Captain Mor- rison, Miss Hobbs ; and 10 in the steerage. Downing, Griffiths, and Co., agents. Henrietta Helena, Danish ship, 1,050 tons, S. Iver sen, from London. One passenger. Captain, agent. Alexander, American ship, 596 tons, A. H. Holway, from San Francisco November 27. Passengers - cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Quinlan, Mr. and Mrs. Aronson, Mr. and Mrs. O'Nell, Messrs. M. Henry, J. Mildred: and 10 in the steerage. Dickson, Williams, and Co., agents. JANUARY 31. Kingfisher, barque, 164 tons, William Bartlett, from Newcastle 24th inst. No passengers. Captain, agent. Harriet Nathan, barque, 114 tons, G. F. Lloyd, from Hobart Town 28th inst. Passengers - Mrs. Lloyd and child. Gilles, Nicholson, and Co., agents SAILED. - JANUARY 31. Douglas, schooner, for Newcastle. Monica, barque, for Manilla. Gananogue, ship, for Mauritius. Sea Leak, ship, for Liverpool. ENTERED OUTWARDS. - JANUARY 31. Amalia Augusta, Dutch ship, 648 tone, H. M. von Small, for Guam. Boundary, brig, 188 tons, F. Hempseed, for New- castle. Golden Spring, brig, 170 tons, F. M. Rozea, for Sydney. Harriet Hope, barque, 250 tons, Wm. Spain, for Newcastle. Palestine, American barque, 675 tone, A. Howes, for San Francisco. CLEARED OUT. - JANUARY 31. Prince Albert, brig, 98 tons, Geo. Stevens, for Newcastle, N.S.W, in ballast. William Barker, agent. Sir Isaac Newton, schooner, 121 tons, C. H. Bissett, for Willunga, S.A., in ballast. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co., agents. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. FOR ENGLAND AND THE EAST. - Oneida, R.M. s.s., 1st February. FOR LONDON. - Resolute, early; Sydenham, Conflict, 1st February; Sussex, 8th, February , Coleroon, 10th February; Monarch, 24th February; Owen Glen dower, 10th March, Prince Albert, Chile, early. FOR LIVERPOOL. - Morning Star, 31st January; Shooting Star, 1st February, Mermaid, 2nd Febru ary ; Ellen Stewart, 5th February. FOR HAVRE-DE-GRACE. - Cora, Ville de Montpelier, early. FOR DIEPPE. - Aquitaine, early in February. FOR SYDNEY. - City of Sydney, 3rd February. FOR ADELAIDE. - Admella, 1st February. FOR WELLINGTON. - Boomerang, 10th February; Pirate, early. FOR CALCUTTA. - Daniel Rankin, Tricolor, early. FOR CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. - William Jackson, early. FOR BATAVIA. -Dorothea, Maria Louisa, early. FOR MANILLA. - Monica, early FOR HONG KONG. - Ludwig Heyn. FOR SAN FRANCISCO. - Georgiana, Glimpse, Palestine, early. FOR ST. JOHN'S, N.B. - Crimea, 10th February. IMPORTS. - JANUARY 30. Royal Shepherd, from Launceston. - 300 bags oats, H. Burge and Co. ; 60 bags bran, Williams ; 2 hhds. 6 qr-casks wine, C Brookes, 21 bags bran, W. Bayles and Co.; 12 bags onions, 4 packages, 1,500 cases fruit, 1 horse, 1 chaise cart, Order. Swordfish, from Hobart Town. - 30,000 feet timber, 10,000 palings, 9 trunks boots and shoes, 531 bags malt, 377 bags salt, Gilles, Nicholson, and Co. ; 1 derrick, Order. Monarch, from Sydney. - 485 casks bottled beer, 1,460 bags oats and barley, 710 bags beans, 4 coils rope, 110 tons coals, Order. Alexander, from San Francisco. - 7,686 sacks oats, 4,893 bags barley, 3,109 pieces lumber, 50 barrels pickled salmon, Dickson, Williams, and Co. Henriette Helena, from London. - 10 hampers, S. G. Henty; 1 box, W. Lee; 40 trunks, Raleigh, Dau glish, and Co ; 2 cases, J. Rumpff, 1 bin, 2 bales Swire Brothers ; 3 cases, R. J Paling; 14 bales, Flower, McDonald, and Co. ; 27 packages, 500 cases, Gibbs, Ronald, and Co.; 1 box, T. O. McDougal, 7 coils rope, Catto, Thomson, and Co. ; 465 packages, 15 sheep, Rae, Dickson, and Co. ; 50 hhds., Joshua Brothers ; 32 packages, E. Whitby ; 8 packages, - Turner ; 1 box, J. Philpott ; 3 cases, Mrs. McLachlan ; 2 packages, Holmes, White, and Co. ; 100 hhds. 50 bales, 300 cases, Order. JANUARY 31. Kingfisher, from Newcastle, N.S.W. - 227 tons coals, Order. Harriet Nathan, from Hobart Town. - 45,000 pal ings, 45,000 feet timber, 80 bags oats, Gilles, Nichol son, and Co. EXPORTS. - JANUARY 31. Nil. PORT PHILLIP HEADS. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) January 31. - 8.30 a.m. : Wind E., fresh; weather fine. ARRIVED. - JANUARY 30. Mary Stewart, schooner, from Circular Head. Swallow, schooner, from Port Frederick. January 31. Don Pedro II., barque, from Hobart Town. Squaw, brig, put back. Victoría, H.M.C. steamer, from Wilson's Promon- tory, SAILED. - JANUARY 30. Francis Hentyy, ship, for Portland. George Canning, barque, for Guam. D. F. Weber, Sen., ship, for Hobart Town. Royal Charter, steamship, for Liverpool. Indemnity, ship, for London. Gem, schooner, for Sydney. JANUARY 31. Squaw, brig, for Newcastle. Monica, barque, for Manilla. PORT OF GEELONG. ARRIVED, January 29. - Otway, from Western Point. January 30. - C. F. Lessing, Hamburg barque, 250 tons, Captain Lessing, from Plymouth. SAILED. January 29. - Dart, brig, for Hobart Town. January 30. - Indemnity, ship, for London. PORT OF PORTLAND. (ET ELECTRIC TE-EORAH..) January 31.-8.30 a.m. Wind E., iroih; weather fine. ARRIV3C. January 31.- Frances Henty, from Molbourno. PORT OF SYDNEY. (BY FLKCTRta TELEORArn.) January 31.-8.30 a.m. : Wind E., light ; weather, rainy. ARRIVED. January 29.-Governor, HiromUllt, from Bouth Seas; ironía TPóiiffa, from Melbourne. January 30.-ttrsevtranct, Zone, Mineda, Abbty, from Melbourne. January 81,-Zingari, Mary and Rose, from Mel- bourne. SAILED. January 29.- City of Sydiuy, lor Melbourne. January 30.- Wagool, tor Sbanghac. PORT OF HOBART TOWN. ARRIVED. . '-'January 23.-Alarm, Zfctrtfwitievfroni Newcastle. January 20.-Macquarie, from Port Albert. January 27.-Munford, from Mauritius ; Flying Fish, from Geelong; City of nob art, from Mel bourne. SAILED. January 21.-Amethyst, H.M.S., for Valparaiso. January 25.-India, for Hong Kong ; Prairie, for Adelaide; Mercury, for Melbourne. January ii,-Iris, H.M.S., for Auckland. PORT OF LAUNCESTON. ARRIVED. Janusry 27.-Highlander, from Adelaldo. XIHE-BALL.-MELBOURNE ANS WILLIAMS' TOWN. Lat. 87 deg. 62 m. 12 s. Long. 9 b. 89 m. 11 s. S.E. Drops .at 1 o'clook, mean time ; or 16 li. 20 m. 13 s, 2, Greenwich time. Monday, January 31, II. M. S. Time of drop. .. NU. TI Í1K-SIGNAL.-LIGHTHOÜSE, GELLIBRAND'S POINT. _ ¡The light is obstructed at 2 min. to 8, and reappears at 8 p.m. moan time. Monday, January 81, H. M. s. Time of reappearance. NU. FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION. , (rr.OM IUH TIMES, NOVEMBER 17.) , The ghost of old Protection, exorcised once more "?oin the realms of Chaos and old Night, to which, :1th other lumber, we had hoped It waa finally con- signed about six years ago, has been walking tho oarth "uring tho last few weeks with suoh oil'ect on tho linds of thoso tvho have encountered it as such ap- paritions are ordinarily said to produce It has tightened a Minister of Ststo back to Protection, and member of Parliament almost out of Froo Trade, roud must the great magician who evoked it from s resling-plaoa be to eeo the efiect he has pro [need on the convictions of one man and the ervous sensibilities of another. Wo have all read *wf tho lady who was an unexceptionable matron in Uli other respects, but whom tho presence ol a "ouse had tho power lnstantanoously to convert to tho cat out of which she was made. Such, we ar, is Lord Malmesbury when brought Into oontaot lth the quostion of Free Trade. He enacts, not ithoat success, the part of a liberal Ministor on all her topics. Ha boggles neither at property qualin tlon, Jowish emancipation, nor Neapolitan coercion ; fact, acts the part so well that one is on the polut .' forgetting that ho was not brought up to it ; hen suddonly an evil chance flings In his way the 'aintive wallinga of the British shipowner, and lo I e metamorphosis is complete and instantanoous, and ir Foreign Secretary, Buch as he was in his days ol ture, stand» revealed before us. We had thought, any rate, Lord Malmesbury and bis colleagues had ide a decisive and final election ; but it would now jem as If tbey were not indisposed to take what edit may be had for being Free-traders against their til, and by mingling their tears with those who nurn for the fine old English Navigation Laws to attract to themselves whatever unappropriated sym- ' pathy the last of the Protectionists may u»vo to. I übe Greenook Chamber of Oommorco had memo- rialised the Foreign Ofllco on the subject of the un- willingness shown by foreign nations to return In hind the liboral policy of Great Britain, urging no doubt, that as tbey were foolish enough to tax their general industry for iho purpose of encouraging their , flapping interest, it was highly unpatriotic in us to pretend to bo wiser than our neighbors, and that wo ought to loso no time in following their exanple. It was not a bad opportunity for Lord Malmesbury to air his new principles, only ho availed himself of it to ventllato his old ones. Ho directs Mr. Hammonl "to state to tho men of Greenock that he rogrots to say that the apprehenrions that wore entertained by many pcraouB of the prohibió effect of the abolition of tbo Navigation Laws have boon realised, and that the tffurtsof Her Majesty's Government have hitherto i proved unavailing to obtain for the shipping of 1 England that reciprocity of tho liberal moaouros site baa grauted to other nations which BIIO was entitled toixpoot." We must bo permitted to say that ? this official statement contains a complsto misrepre r entation of tho real nature of tho controversy with regard to the repeal of tho Navigation Laws. Any- one would Bupposo, from Lord Malmesbury'» trium- phant regrets at the too speedy and painful roalUvtlon of all which that prophetlo sagacity for which ho is so Justly celebrated foretold, tbatthe roal Itsue on whioli tboropcal of the Navigation Laws was dccldod was whether or no foreign countries would foi w us in the oxamplo of liberality wo sot them, the Froutratlors urging that thoy would bo sure to do so, and the Pro- tectionists thnt they would csrtalnly not. Tho roil ocntr-iveray vnw whothor, even supposing that foreign, countiioa wcro not onllghtoned enough to follow our example, as was only toollkoly to be the case, wo did not gain as a nation by their competition and the con- sequent lowering of freights, oven though thoy might not bo wiso enough to seouro a similar advantaEo for themselves. Tho question of reciprocity or no reciprocity waa of the highest importanco from the Protectionist view, and quite immaterial to tho Free Trade argument. Our Protectionists turn Freetraders, and then reproaob us with a colUtaral result of tho new policy which could only bo impor- tant when viewed from tho Protectionist point or view, which thoy profess to discard. Tho mouso has come, and the matron is a cat again. Nor is tho revival of this unpalatable topic without a cortain amount of tribulation even to stanch Free- traders. Protection being no longer a party cry, hav- ing, in fact, vanished from tho region of politics, o »ti now bo introduced without difficulty by constituencies to tbo attention of their moinbers. It has sunk from being a great publlo question to tho moro diminutive dimensions of a private job ; such n job as influential supportors may ask, and perhapB complaisant mem- bers concede It fell to tho lot of Mr. Ingham, the liberal and conciliatory member for South Shiolds, to attend a moetlng of his ship owning constituents, at which the rociprooity grievance seems to have beon fully venti- lated, and then the opinion of the mombor distinctly askod. It Is to Mr. Ingham's credit that, though sorely pressed and dreadfully anxious to con- ciliate, though with some apologies and apparently not with a few miigivlngs, ho did contrive to maintain his principles, and to refuse any promise, expressed or Implied, that he would attempt to rovorse the policy of free trade. Ho wai sanguine as to tho futuro and complimentary as to the past; he deeply respected one gentleman's knowledge and another gentleman's talents ; all that man could do he would do to put lu motion whatever machinery thero might bo which could induco foreign Governments to enter into the flowery paths of reciprocity ; but his allegi- ance to free trado ho altogether reservod, and could not by any means bo brought, whatover pressuro was applied, to give any hopo of surrondor on this point. Mr. Greenhow wescomplimontod for hiacxcollcnt pam- phlet, and tbo shipowners werocondolcd with for their depressed condition, but Mr. Ingham showed ovon from that oxcellcnt pamphlet itsolf that from 1316 to 1867 Britiih tonnago bad increased £7 per cont. ; entrances and clearances 86 per, cent. ; In fact, fcom 12,600,000 tons to 28,600,000. What was assorted in the navigation law controversy was, not that foreign tonnago would not increase, for it was the very object of the measure that it should do so, but that whllo foreign tonnage Increased British tonnage would increase alBO ; and wo regret to say, as Lord Malmesbury baB it, that tho apprehensions of those who feared an opposlto result have been signally fal- sified. In this matter we must Gay the Commoner EeeniB to como bettor out ot It than the Peer. Lord £Ialmosbury,°wbilo deriving every advantage which Is to be got from the adoption of Free Trade, relapses oa the very first temptation into protection, while Mr. Ingham, though sorely pressed, cannot bo induced to compromiso his alletrianco to freo trade. After all, there Is somo difforenco bolnoon vonooring and solid wood,-between doep-scatod conviction and enforosd conversion,-between a policy which ÍB the result of opinion and an opinion which is tho result of policy. The barque Harriet Nathan has made a fino pas ?ago ofonly tbreo days from Hobart Town, having left that port on tho 28th ult. The »bip Alexander, from Ban Francisco, sails l thenco on 27tb November, crossed tho equator on 16th December, long. 150' W., and called at Savage Island on 2nd January, since leaving which, Captain Hoi way reportB having had baffUug winds and squally weather. The ship Daniol Raskin completed her lading of horses for the service of tho lion. EaBt India Company, slongsido the Williamstown Railway Pier on Saturdiy last. She takes 130 head (solocted by Colonel Robins), consisting chiefly of well-bred powerful young stock, for whose safety and propor treatment on board every posslblo arrangement appears to have boon made. Two of the horses, in consequence of violent plunging, got "esr of the slings in which they were suspended, and 'oil-the one into the sea, from whichlho was rescued uninjured, and tho other on board, receiving Inj urie« of so Bovero a nature a3 to ronder it necessary to Invo him killed. DEVIATION OF THE COMPASS.- A well informed correspondent, writing to us on tho above subject, says :-" The researches and scientific experiments of the late esteemed Captain Scoresby, for a long period of his useful life, are known to most of your readers. The last voyage he made was on board tbe Royal Charter. undertaken principally for the purpose of discovering the cause of the variation of the mariners' compass, or, in other words, the deviation or the needle from the true North or South Poles. This most important subject has attracted tho attention of scientific men for centuries, and but slight success has attended their effects. On board iron ships this ievlatlon wa« particularly felt, and it was Captain Uooreaby's ingenuity and study that oflootod mush improvement lu doing away with local attraction, by having a compass susponJcd a considerable holgnt from the deck. It is now, however, my pleasing task to state that Captain David Irons, of Dartmouth, has, after a long lifetime spenlin Btudying tho subj set of the variation, at length succcodod in Constructing a oom pass in which tbo needle points to the truo north or south without variation, and la not Hablo to be at- tracted in iron steamers or iron sailing vessels. He has Bubmittcd throe of them to tho Admiralty for inspection, and talton out lottern patent, The value of this discovery is immenso, and will bo tho means of saving many lives and much property. Captain Irons was lu his young days a midshipman on board the Bclloropjion, and waa In that vessel when Napoleon snrrendored. Ho, however, not having sutllclout interest, entered the mercantile navy, oommanded the Rnj'allet for Rajah Brooko, in 1813, where I first know bim, and recollect his then saying ho folt con- fident of succeeding in making a compass, as aboyj alluded to. He has slnco becu in Melbourno as mastor of the Lady Elgin, and during his atay hore was univorsally CBteomed for hlB unassuming aud gentlemanly deportment. I have rccoivod some of the plans and drawings, and the remainder will arrive per next overland mail, whon steps will be at ones takon to bring them boforo tho public." KEW SunMAitiA'E CABLE.-There la nothing which illustratos so forcibly tho complete infaucy of the ?elenco of submarino telegraphy as the important Recoveries and Improvements which aro daily taking place in all that relates to it. Morr.o's recording tele- graph, with its cumbrous modes t f signalling, is not long for tho present age, and hardly has the printing telegraph been mado known oro a code of signals it being arranged which promises to dovelope to ths greatest extent of which It l8 capable the rapidity of transmitting messages In any languago hy a few abort Lignais. Most of our readers will recollect the objec- tions which have been urgod, on mechanical grounds, over and over again, against the principle of having submarine cables covurod with wire in spiral folds. Ihe inoonvenlenco and risks of such a method hare been genorally admitted-the greatest being the liability of the wire elthor to becomo untwisted or form .'kinks." A simple arrangement to obviât» all these difficulties has now been brought for- ward In a patent rope by Messrs. Stevenson aad Bink«, which so add» to tho ltghtneas and «trength of the cable, and so admirably facilitate« the work of submerging, that it appears astonishing why it was never thought of before, especially as it« prinolpte of construction has boen known for five or six years at least. Tho improvement elmply consists in platting the outer covering of wires in a braiding machine, precisely in the samo manner wlih wire as sash-line or picture cord ia mado with cotton. A plaited! sub- marino cabio mado on this plan, and closely woven, has Its outer covering wound round it with tho firm- ness and almost the closonosB of a gun-barrel, while, by regulating the alzo of tho w iros used, an ampi i degrco of flexibility is secured, especially as a rope so mado cannot poraibly form in''kinks," as la the caco with those enclosed in the spiral strands. Tho speoimen which has been made oonBlst« of 12 platts, each plait being composed of six galvanised iron wires of No. 16 gauge. The diameter of tho whole wiro is an inch, its weight is as slight as that of the Atlantic cabio, while its cost Is very litilo moro, though by tbe plan of plaiting the wiroa its breaking strain is inoreased to no less than 7i tons. One of the Btrongost objeotlon) which was urged against the Atlantic cabio by every engineer of note wa» the cortalnty of tho outsldo spiral «1res stretching under tension, while the gutta ptroha could not. It was contended, therefore, that ths effect of any severe strain must break the insulation in minute places, and, of course, expose the condaoter to all thoso electrical derangements which, from some cause or other, we have recsntly seen the Atlantic cable nndorgo. None ever attempted to deny that this mechanical defect In the principle of the outer tpiral wirea was really of the most aorlous kind, aa< It was only met by saying that a cable so covered should not bo exposed to severe »train ot any kital. In a plaited wiro, howevor, the only effeot of the attain would be to oompreas to the very utmost the inner core and conductor without the least possibility of elongating them. In the specimen of whloh we »peak, an inch in diameter, tho outer wires are plaited to completely round that the section show« (hem resting as ono pleco, and thus In the centre, lnstea of one conductor, ampio room 1B left for four. These aro insulated, not by gutta porcba, as has hitherto always been the case, but with indiarubber. This, though electrically apeaking a worso intulator, pos- sesses many peculiar and Important advantages, the greatest being that it IB totally impormcablo to wator under any pressure. Of coureo it would bo impas- sible to coil' a submarino cable mado with a plaittd outer covering, and it would have to be stowed in a vctBol in straight lines, runoing foro and »ft. This, however, would bo no dis- advantage ; on the contrary, in many cases it would bo decidedly preferablo, and the only roason whloh, up to the proscnt time, lias mado It absolutely neces- sary to coil all submarino cables is their oxtromo liability to " kinks" in any other mode cfatowago-» liability which evon the colling often falls to overcome. All risk from afoul wire breaking and »tripping the callo would bo equally done away with on the near principle. lu every point of view, therefore, a« regards strfngtb, lightness, durability, capacity for carrying several conductors, end freedom from almost all the accidents to which past submarine cables have been exposed, the plaittd wiro covering li the rreatest Improvement which has yet beeu made.-ZYi« flf»n«, November«. , j 