ALDINGA, Ocisbsb I. Present— Messrs. ralmer (Chairman;, Masiim, btuart, and Fidge. Communication received from the Myponga District Council respecting opening the boundary road aloug tho top ot tne range. Clerk to reply, that this Council will be willing to co- operate in the matter, so far as it affects the district, provided the expense be not great. Slaughtering lictucca granted to llr. Palmer and Mr. Trini«man. Accounts paid amounting to £20 59. Mr. MuKeuzie authorized to expand £2 in making the bridge near Allen's as wide as possible. Messrs. Fidge &cd; Stuart to report upon additional work required near Aday's bridge. Thb Casixos of California. — A ballroom heroine, a Creole girl from New Orleans, waa stabbed iu the shoulder by a jealous Chilena. The doctor was called upon to attend the beautiful and now blaspben.iag vixen, who, between the sharp stitches of his suture needle, cursed alternately her rival and her Adam*.'* revolver that bad hung fire. 'I he wound was healed, but our author was no physician to so bad a mind as that of the Creole vengeful spitfire, who had scarcely escaped from his hands when, at a dishevelled masked bait, gbe struck her Chilian enemy a fatal b-w with a bowie-knife. Introduced by this adventure to tho orgies of the place, Dr. Palmer soon learned and witnessed the incidents of 'The Fate of tbe Fairleigbs.' . Amid the revels he detected a tall and singularly graceful young English woman, who seemed strangely out of pLcs there, and hopclesily wretched— who moved in the dance, grave, pale, aud abstracted, with, no apparent interest in it or consciousness of it, 'How like the very ghost of a bacchanal, with her motions merely, but not emotions, she flung herself de sperately into the brave abandon of the Spanish dance, flashing her soft, white shoulders, beautifully balanci-ig her pensile arms, proudly careering her con quering n»ck.' This woman, a refuse from the English home of her husband and from the society of bor acquaintances, had come ' to see her fata out'— to dazzle and d&nce; her life away in all the rudeness of Califor nian adventure. Her proud spirit, however, remained to her; and when her husband also made his appear ance iu California she found his accroach intolerable. w neuter u were a bccbc ci injury or oi remorse, sue onl? flamed with pajsion. But this was but for a moment ; sooa she turned ashen pale, with a deep, dan gerouF, and despairing katc; her health and beauty de parted at once; arsenic was attempted, but the doctor came just in time to pump it up ; but, impatient for the end, the sequel seon came, and her corpse was recovered from tbe river. The most interesting circumstance, which proves how curiously goodness and wickedness are sometimes blended together, remains to be stated. She left to her ion, the offspring of her marriage, a large legacy, which she had industriously hoarded, signing the will with her assumed name and a fearful appendage— 'Lucy Mason, the Lost.'— 'Bomantic iipccCt tfColifvrni* and India,' in Xwcforfrefcr, 