THE PAPAL STATES. Some recent incidents (says the Times correspondent) appear to strengthen the impression that the I Pope will make an effort to occupy the Romagna. For several nights past troops of the line have left this capital, as also gendarmes in great numbers, both I infantry and cavalry . but few troops, therefore, remain in Rome. Those who have left are destined, I understand, to replaceable Swiss now in Perugia, who are to join the Papal army quartered in Pesaro and the neighbourhood, amounting in all to about 7000 or 8000 men, with their cannons, good or bad. How with such a force his Holiness contemplates the reduction of provinces inhabited by a brave and war- like people, animated by the most hostile sentiments to a government of priests, and garrisoned by volunteers who have been under discipline for many months, and many of them exposed to the marasmus or war in Lombardy, I cannot say. The army of Romagna is here said to amount to 20,000 men, under the command of General Fanti, while Garibaldi has the command in chief of all the Italian army, both of the Duchies and the Romagna. Nor must I omit to state, that the Romagnoli are punc- tually paid, well lodged, and well furnished with arms ; and cannon in great abundance and of the very best quality. All these facts would make it appear to be highly improbable that the Papal government would undertake an enterprise so. little likely to succeed. The advocates- of this Government, however, maintain the probability of a French occupation of Ancona, so as to put a larger force at the disposal of the Pope, and the return, of the Duke of Modena with Austrian troops in the uniform of his own house. Leaving, however, such, speculations, which, if ever verified, will greatly I compromise the Emperor of the French, that which I can assure you to be positive is that the Pope within the last few days, speaking with a person admitted to a his confidence on the critical position in which he was placed, observed-" Cardinal Antonelli is to be blamed for all it is wished to change the Secretary of State. I would do so, but what is to be done ; none of the Cardinals will accept the office."' This is true enough. Cardinal della Genga, who was present, said-" He who is the cause of his misfortunes must weep by himself ; let him who placed himself-and us in these difficulties think of the best way of getting out of them." The Pope added-" It is wished that I should give a Constitution ; I would do so, but how can I without running the danger of seeing Some inundated with my enemies through the deputies who would be elected in the provinces ? It is designed also to give effect to the project of Portion that of sending five Cardinals as legates a fiery, thus dividing the State into five large compart-' I' ments, destroying the system of centralisation, and rendering the provinces independent of Rome. But how can this be done now that a new and a large debt has been incurred We have no means of providing for the dignity of these five Courts of the Legations, and for all the new exigencies which would be created by these institutions." The observations of the Pope were so confidential that the person addressed had the courage to remind his Holiness of the danger of preserving the Cardinal Antonelli in power, who has fallen into much discredit both at home and abroad. "I know it, I know it," said the Pope. "He himself only now was regretting to me the injuries which the foreign press published against him in journals and in pamphlets, and I did not conceal from him that the conduct of his brothers, notorious for their acquisition of wealth, had procured for him and preserved many enemies. But the Cardinal continues to say that he has nothing in common with his brothers, and that were he to attempt to restrain them it would be only giving confirmation to stories which are false. I was compelled to be silent," said the Pope, " for he is blinded by the interests of his family." From this discourse, which is true, it results that the Pope has himself good intentions, that he has not decided, nor is he in a way to decide, on any step that Antonelli has rendered himself necessary, and that the clerical despotism of this unhappy State is likely to continue. The Monitors di Bologna denies in the most formal manner, and with justly indignant emphasis, the in- famous calumnies of the priestly and legitimist Press with regard to certain alleged acts of violence committed by the patriotic party, particularly the assault on a convent at Vemicchio, the assassination of two priests, and the murder of a Bologncse nobleman in his own house. All these stories are declared by the organ of the patriotic Government to be impudent falsehoods ;" and the clerical Press is challenged to give names and dates. So much for the veracity of the organs of his Holiness and the right divine. Now let us read what a letter from Rome, in the Universe, contains for our edification ? Some persons have from evil designs endeavoured to spread the rumour that the Holy Father is seriously ill ; but your readers will learn with pleasure that the general health of the Pope is in nowise affected by the complaint in the leg which for some time past has forced him to take repose. His sojourn at Castel Gondoffo, where the air is excellent, will, it is hoped, soon restore him to his usual avocations. The ceremony in honour of the nativity of the Most Holy Virgin has just been celebrated according to ancient custom in the beautiful church of Santa Maria del Popolo, in presence of the cardinals, prelates, and. magistrates now at Rome. Although amelia this church is decorated with a richness and' taste worthy of the party of the faithful towards the Mother of God. Pintu richly ornamented it with paintings full of grace and. poetry ; Raphael designed it in a chapel surmounted by a cupola, and placed in it a piece of sculpture by himself ; Maratta, Caravaggio, and Carrachi, have in it pictures more brilliant than pious and Bernini has placed in it some laboured pieces of sculpture by the side of the chaste productions of Sansovino. Accord- ing to tradition, Pope Pascal II. founded the church of St. Vlary.inorderto free the people from some phantoms and nocturnal visions which were said to be produced by the corpse of Nero, who was buried, as Suetonius relates, in the hill now called Pinero. In recalling to mind the tradition, I could not help thinking that if this ghost of the infamous Emperor no longer comes to torment the Romans his spirit seems to have descended on the present race of revolutionists. What, for example, has Mazzini to envy in Nero The Universe hardly appears to be so happy as usual in its comparison of Mazzini to Nero. The last of the Roman triumvirs has his faults, and grave ones, as a political leader, no doubt ; but there is no analogy between the misguided republican patriot, and the Emperor who fiddled while Rome was burning. We' think the Universe might have found a closer analogy, without venturing so far to seek for it 