MR. PARKES AND THE COWPER MINISTRY. (From the Empire of Monday,) What will be the indignation of the Liberal party what the thoughts of true- hearted men of all. parties, when made fully aware of the unholy alliance which, if not quito consummated, is on the eve of being bo, between men who were elected as advanoed and uncom- promising reformori, and the leaders of those faotious sootions of politicians which claim Martin, Plunkett, and others of that stamp, as their representatives? What will bo tho indignation of all truo Liberals to leam that at the hoad of this unholy alliance between men who havo not a single prlnoiple or sympathy in oommon, ia ono on whom hitherto much of their hopes rested ? That this alllanoo is being formed for the sole purpose- of overthrowing^ the present administra- tion is beyond a doubt. That it will assume the form of a faotious and unscrupulous opposition in tho house is equally certain. To bo forewarned is to bo forearmed. Bearing this in view, it may not bo atnisB to endeavour to forecast, for tho benefit of our readers, the kind of opposition which the present administration is likely to meet with from these mon-from its secret enomios and opon foes-in the npproaohing session of Parliament ; and to endea- vour to ascertain, as far as possible, what are the mo- tives and aims of tboao who are likely to oomposo that opposition. What exouso some of them can offer to the country for tai.ing the oourse they havo evidently marked out for thomBolves, and whioh wo firmly boliove they are determined to pursue at all hazards, we are at a loss to imagino. It may be ohjscted that, as publio journalists, wo havo no tight to asBumo that the oourse of any of these gen tlemon will bo at vnrianoe with what can bo gathered from their printed or spokon addresses as candidatos that we have no right to draw conclusions not warranted by their publio acts as publio men. This may bo truo under ordinary olronmBtsnces ¡ but thore are exceptions to all rules, and, if «vor there was an exception to a rnle, this is one. Moro than one of the members of the approaching Parliament-those who will be found most determined and ranoorous In their opposition to the Cowper Ad- ministration-have attained their present position through the. suffrage* of «leeters who, innocent souls, .«thought they wore voting for men who would-be etaunoh in their support of the present Government. ' How these confiding and unsuspecting people have boon1 deceived, a few weeks, or months at most, will show. To those who are able to look below the surface, the intentions of the wolves in sheep's clothing are already sufficiently apparent. The aspect of tilings on the surface of a i stream is by no means a sure indication of the tendency of the current beloir. Keeping this in mind, we shall endeavour to placo our reade« in such a position as to enable them to judge for themselves, whether nome, at least, of the elected membors have not attained their Bents by sailing under false colours ; and whether the course which tboy are undoubtedly about to take íb not in direct opposition to that which tho electors had in view when thoy held up their hands in their favour at the hustings, or recorded their votos at the polling-booth. Beforo stripping off the miserable rags in whioh theso political .Tildases have disguised themselves-by means of which thoy have managed to swindle tbo doctora out ,of ,their votes-we will briefly allude to the mortal re- mains- the disjecta membra of the old Opposition-the skeleton of the Thomson- Donaldson-Parkcr clique-the old Tory and red-tape inoubus-whioh so long crippled the energies and sacrificed the interests of a rising coun- try-men who looked upon the advent of a liberal Ministry as an unantho. ised invasion of their vestod rights, who firmly believed that Hoaven had made this great country for their' especial benefit-that the people were oreated that they might rule thom. Contemptible in numbers, and utterly wanting in ability-the remains of this used-up faction would, of themselves, bo utmost powerless for evil. They might obstruot, but could not prevent the reforms necee sar) for the proper woiking of "Responsible f'overnment. The country can see so clearly through their transparent motives and aims that no «or.I of miming is ««-allied on our part to put the public on its ginini ng.iin»t them or thi'ir machination-.. Tliosoeneof ihr oui» mischief the.« ure likely to accomplish is in Donning-not »cqimii.« -Street. Ihe backst.irs of the I'ohii.ial > flioe is ihe way by whioh they go to their dirt» work ; the Austra- lian Association is the funnel bv which they pour into tho ears of tho sleepy inmates of the Colonial ( iflice th.-ir '. leprous dittilment," The .*' respectable" and "influ«' ential" Mannings and P.irkors are the "leeohes" »ho administer the suhile po't-on. To cmitiiin the public against any meisifres that the ghosts of this faction may attempt here is' needless. They aro too well known to be trusted-too weak to be feared. But if this almost lilelesi carcass is to be resusoilated -if thin expiring faction, with the death-rattle in its throat, is to have new life breathed into its idirivi lied and shrunken skeleton, to baie its withered limbs clothed anew with flesh and blood ; and if this is to bo done by traitors to the liberal cause-by men who, from motives of faction, personal enmity, lust of power, or disappointment of place, have agreed to unite their forces in an unholy alliunoe vvith the old enemies of liberty and progrosB-the cause of good government is not unlikely to be pined in imminent danger, the ex- istence of the only liberal ministry «vhich is posiible under present circumstances-whatever may belushoit comings-will be imperilled, and all the truuhle and anxiety winch have been undergone to secure tho return of the right men will have been thro >n away. That Mr. Parkes has. determined to use his utmost endeavours, on tho meeting of Parliament, to ovorthr.iw the present Government, is certain. However secret have been liia maohinations-however cautious and hidden his mores-however concealed his views up to tho period of his eleotion for East Sydney-no ono who has paid attention to his recent course of conduct can doubt for a moment the end be has in view. The evi- dence is so clear that he who runs may road it in every line of the last chapter of the Acts of this political Uriah Heep. For what else than to seenre a handy tool-to be used whenever required-did he Bupport, for the electorate of St. Leonard's, tho cause of that old Tory squatter Shepherd, a man whose most ardent aspirations would be gratified by a return of the good old times of the triangles and the lath ? For what else did Mr. Parkes taking advantage of his extraordinary influence over the fervid temperament, immature judgment, and generous impulses of his yonthfnl disciple- sond Mr. W. C. Win- deyer to contest the electorate of the Lower Hunter with one of the most consistent liberals and thoroughly inde- pendent men in the conntry ? For what else has ne used ids utmovt influe ce in favour ofthat political vagabond Deniehy, when opposing the man who, of all others in Australia, has shown himself to be both a statesman and a patriot-we mean, of conrse, Richard Jones ? For what other purpose were the defeated and scattered forces of the Doniehy clique, after their rout at Mait- land, rallied to the rescue of his blind follower on the Lower Hunter ? What else does Mr. Parkes'a present coquetting with those unscrupulous and bitter opponents of the Cowper Administration, Messrs. Martin and Plunkett, mean ?-what else, his intimate relations with that political Jim Crow-John Bayley Darvall? Questions might be asked, and examples might bo quoted, to muoh greater length ; but we are saved from the necessity of arguing by induction-from tbe occasion for any further inferences-by Mr. Parkes himself; he has at lost thrown OB' the mask. No« that be has ob- tained a seat In the home, ho no longer cares to conceal his intentions. Ambition has blinded bim to the con- sequences of the course he is pursuing. Those whom Heaven dooms it infatuates. The lust of power hits warped his judgment and rendered him deaf to the voice of reason. His intentions stand revealed in glaring colours. Mr. Parkes makes no secretof those intentions, and why should wo? No political delinquency that has ever occurred has given us greater pain than this-no words ever written flowed more reluctantly from the pon. We confess to have been among the most ardent admirers of Mr. Parkes. We believed-notwithstanding ali that was said against him-that the fire of patriotism burned pnre and holy in his heart of hearts-that whatever might be its trials in the furnace of adversity, the fine gold would ultimately come out bright and undimmed. It has been tried-it has bean weighed in the balance and there is no concealing the damning foot, it has been fonnd wanting. At a crisis in bis oonntry's history, when the united action of all true liberals ii absolutely essential, in order to gratify his personal ambition-to indulge his lost of power-ne is attempting, or about to attempt, to plow» himself at (be head of a faction, com o-ied for the most part of men with whose principles, if the.» have an», fais own aie at inter variance-with whum ho agrees ou no .«ingle point but the du- ire lo oven hi o* the près ni ad- ministration. >ueh i;ro-s |Mili io.il piofllitacv its ihU su h a sacrifice ol prinoiple to personal aggrandisement, the country can never ovei look. He is ait««ni|.ting to b.irter his birthright for n nmerebto mesn of iioiuge. I'u iittnin power and place he is allying himself to ihe en'omiesol liberty-to tbo foes ol' those who have hilhe. to supported bim-to the bitter opponents of tho-e who ,ha»e been his best friends. Heretofore, whenever the noisy vociferatious of place-hunters and political para- sites rung in oui- ears-whenever we have turned sick and disgusted Irom the squabbles of tho rabble rout who were attempting to secure the loaves and fishes of otlicc, one green «pot on the barren wase-one oasis in the desert-rose on our mental view j the imsgo of one man was before our eyes, und tho burning words of lijron, Then turn wo to livr latest tribune'« name From her ten thousand tyrants turn to theo, came unbidden to our lips. But the delusion is gono the spell is broken-tho «¿olden imago turns out to bo nothing better than Brummagem metal-hardly as good -clay rather. How are the mighty fallen ! 