V A R I E T.I E S . Hope is a good breakfast, but rather a poor sup- por One of the very best of all earthly possessions is self possession. Your tou'viuants, who aresuoh 'good livers,' ge- - norally mako very bad diers. Liltlo drops of rain brighten the meadowe, and Jit— tlo aots of kindness brighten the world. Ambition often puts men upon doing tho meanest ofiioes, as olimbing is performed in the same posture with creeping. There aro thousands who covet 'not only praise, but the reputation of despising it. AVhy is a tale-bearer like a brioklayer? Beoause he raises stories. What money do men most long after, and in many cases would like to exohange when they have gained it ? Matrimony. ' Oh dear !' exolaimed a fashionable girl when she first beheld a ououmher, ' I always thought suoh things grew in slices.4 Mirabeau, when asked by a friend wbi>h was the h®y®r, the single or tho married state, replied, Vvhiohevor resolution you come to. repentance will follow.4 There is a limit of enjoyment ,'though the souroes of wealth be boundless, and the choicest pleasures of life lie within the ring of moderation. 17hj i3 the left stooking always the last pulled oft? When one stooking is pulled off, there is another left on; pulling off that is taking the left stocking off : last. A head properly constituted oan aooommodata itself to whatever pillow tho vicissitudes of fortune may place under it. ' Why should marriage be spoken of as a tender tie, when it is so confounded tough that nothing but death can out it? AVben you receive a note from yonrladye love, and kiss it (as of course you aro expeoted to do), why is it liko the nightmaro ? Because it is the iuk-you- buss . An editor says that the ouly reason why his house was not blown away in the late gale, was beoause there was a heavy mortgage on it. 4 1 bopo you are not disposed to question the obey— aoter oi my milk,' said a oairymau to his customer. 4 Oh, no, indeed, it has evidently been.pumpedenough already." The man who got the last word in disputing with a woman, has advertised to whistle for a wager against a locomotive. Did you ever save your baggage ?' exolaimed some sympathising friend to a gentleman who had just es caped from a wreoked steamer. 4 Oh, yes,4 said he, pointing to his wife. would-be wit having fired off. all his stale jokes without efl'eot, at laBt exolaimed, 4 AVhy, you hover laugh when I say agood thing ?' ' Don't I,4 retorted J errold, 4 only try me with one.4 y'Hoyi' called out Brown to the waiter at Sams's. Don t oall me boy, Bir. I'm no boy, sir,' said the latter. Then do as you would bo done by,' put in Brown, 4 and don't oall this mutton lamb any more.' Three boa oonstriotors were recently landed at Sa lem, United States. One of the sailors of the ship which brought them says, ' They are the most affec tionate creatures he ever saw, always ready to em brace, anybody .' ' There are some members of tho oommunity,' said the sagaoious and witty Thomas Bradbury, 'that aro like a crumb in the throat. If they go the right way they afford but little nourishment; but if they hap pen to go the wrong way, they give a great deal of trouble.4 Pat's Explanation.— ' But I tell you they do not T ' Iridade I tell you they do, ma'am.'— 'Pat,' replied' his misti ess, somewhat neitled at his ooutradiotion, ' j ou had better tall me I lie !'— 'Indeed I don't tell you you lie m i'am ; but 1 know you're not. spakin! the truth.' A barrister on the northern oireuit rushed to the bar of for bitter beer and a biscuit. ' You have plenty of time,' says Ganymede in orinoline, re pressing t' e perilous haste with whioh he took his refreshment ' 'you have eight minutee.' 4 Oh,4 said bo, 'if 1 have plenty of time there is no need to ohoke myself.4 4 AVby, sir,' was the phiiosopbio re ply, 'there'B no need to ohoke yourself if you haven't time.' ' Too far north for me that, girl,4 muttered the midlander and vanished. — Gateshead Obter » ver. A Yankee who had just oome from Florenoe, being asked what be had seen and admit ed, and whether he was not in rapture with the A?enua de Medioi, replied, 4 AA'ell, to tell the truth, I don't oarerbout these stone gals.' The last financial dodge is the following :— It seems that a firm iu Now York advertise that they have money to loan. On application being made, the bor rower is required to advance ono per oont. on the amount he desires, pending the consideration of his application. If it ib rejeoted ono half of the amount of one per cent, ou the sum desired is returned to him and the remaining half goes to the firm, for the 4 trouble 4 thoy have been placed at iu considering the applioation. The peo ple of Elbe valley have a wild belief which has prevailed sinne the Thirty Years war. From time to time at midnight, as tho people think, ghosts make their appearance on the banks of tho river. These phantoms are mounted on horsebaok, clothed in a blue uniform faced with red, and traverse the oountry between the difieront villagoF, not only causing the greatest alarm to those who may be out at that time, but sometimes wounding them with their swords. The peasantry say, these apparitions are the speotres of Swedish cavaliers who have remained in the coun try sinoe the war. Basil Montague, when at the bar, 6eidoiu read his brief. One day in the Court of Ban; ruptoy he was inveighing against the oonduot of a bankrupt, who was hiB olient, having mistaken the side which bad instructed bim. The attorney whispered a few words pointing out the error ; but still Basil Montague went on painting the conduct of his olient in the blaokett terms. Suddenly he turned round, Baying, 4 Now, if suoh had been the oonduot of the bankrupt, then indeed it would bave been right to have visited him with all the obloquy whioh had been heaped upon: his head; but as bis oonduot had been quitothe re verse, ho hoped the certificate would be granted-at onoe.' And it was granted, to the great relief of all parties concerned. -- It is not always a mark of kindness to possess an open countouauoe. An alligator is a deoeitful crea ture, and yet he presents an open countenanoe when in the very act oftaking you in. AVe have heard that there are some remedies worse than the disease. AVo saw a man on Sunday who had - taken a liquid whioh haa been recommended to him for a cold, but whioh affected him so badly that he was unable to walk straight, aud his tongue was swelled so that ho could soarceiy talk. Lord Chief J ust'ce AVilmot gave to a party of us one ovening a curious account of an innkeeper at AVarwiok, whom he had tried for having poisoned 3ome oi his customers with his port wine, and that the indictment was quashed by the impudence of the follow, who absolutely proved that there had never been a drop of port wine in tho hogshead.— Cradook's Memoirs. It is considered a great oomplimeat in the east, to say to a young girl 4 Your skin is as clear and beauti ful as tho fresh peel of an onion just drawn out front1 between its flakes.' 