GRINDING, u! (To the Editor of the Tasmanian Telegraph.) March 12, 1859. SIR,—This is a ministerial exposure as respects J hn Walker's contract to grind for the public service at 6½d per cwt., when a poorer, and by all accounts an honester man, offered to do the same for considerably less. The subject will not he allowed qui 'tly to rest, the matter will be readv for the'Par iament, for, besides an imposition and a cheat on the British Government, it involves the credit and prestige of the Commissariat Officers in this part of the world. The quibblers have it that the contract is taken in the son's name, and that therefore a coach and six can be driven through the law, by the 10th section of the Constitutional Act says clearly, if any person shall directly or indirectly take any contact on account of the public service, he is liable to lose by the 28th section, the sum of £500! The Walkers would not have the ghost of a chance with a jury. The Treasury at Whitehall will sift this extraordinary affair to its full, and they will require to know the antecedents of the order, whose tender was accept ed to a larger amount, what must end in a surcharge somewhere. The Honorable John Walker figures just now as a puritan, and a member of “the savage government" of Smith and Co., but his record since his advent here does not pourtray a very clean sheet. He figured before the Presbytery for a fraudu- lent attempt to impose sharps for flour some time ago, and he was reprimanded. Salmon and Walk r is a bye-word of reproach, and thereby hangs a disreputable tale There is the tobacco theft which is a very curious business indeed. Mind you, I do not say that John Walker purloined a keg of tobacco—for that would be a libel, which I could not prove or justify—but I do assert that an accusation was so made against him. i go no further than that. Who would ever think of remind- ing John Walker of his m sdeeds but that he is now a very great man in his own estimation —and he hears his for unate success,—not lowly and reverently, as befi ting a chu ch elder of christian principles,—but as a parv nu upstart, and he puts himself forward as lead ing member of a ministry who are loathed and detested by this community for their misgovernment of this unfortunate colony. Just fancy this sanctimonious man, emerging from the 'grinding establishment,' after having concocted a nice lot of flour for the Commisariat, and then proceeding to the Executive Council, and with all due decorum and relgi ous saucity, pass ng an opinion on the neces sity of taking the lives of the unfortunate men who lately suffered death without co mitting any serious crime, and pas-ing them offhand to the solemn and awful presence of the r Maker! Walker and his mates are for hanging on every occasion—th ir thirst is for blood. Such is the present working of Responsible Government in Tasmania. If any poor wretch was now to commit the dame misdeed that these Executive Counc ilors did themselves in times past, and were found ‘guilty,' —they would now most assuredly swing for it —on the plea of the necessity of example. What a frightful state of things is this? According to ethics, charity is one of the cardinal virtues, and it leads us to relieve the distresses, to tolerate the imperfections, and to ameliorate the condition of our fellow men, —and it is opposed to persecution, cruelty, and injustice. Now, we have a cabinet composed of Messrs Smith, Henty, Innes, Walker, and Kermode ; and I should be glad to be informed which of these five individuals possesses in any degree the God-like attribute of Charity? Is it John Walker? or does the malignant Smith head the list? It certainly is ot the Attorney. Whether Innes or K rm de have it in any degree, let the reader judge for himself. Perhaps the t rmerhas - for—"CAVE CANEM!” Your's obediently, A COLONIST. A COLONIST. 