SYDNEY, MONDAY, JULY i, 1859. "WHAT will bo tho indignation of tho Liberal party,-what tho thoughts of true- hearted men of all parties, when made fully aware of the unholy alliance which, if not quito con- summated, is on the eve. of being so.botwoen men who were elected as advanced and uncom- promising reformers, and the leaders of those factious sections of politicians' which claim MABTIN, PLUNKETT, and others of that stamp as their représentatives ?. What will be the indignation of all true Liberals to learn that at the hoad of this unholy alliance between men who have not a single principle or sympathy in common--is one on whom hitherto much of their hopes rested ? That this alliance is being formed for the sole pur- pose of overthrowing the présent administra- tion is beyond a doubt. That it will assume tho form of a factious and unscrupulous oppo- sition in the House is equally certain. To be fore-warned is to bo fore-armed. Bearing this in view, it may not be amiss to endeavour to forecast, for the benefit of our readers, the kind ^>f opposition which the present ad- ministration is likely to meet with from these men-from its secret enemies and open foes in the approaching session of Parliament ; and to endeavour to ascertain, as far' as possible, what are the motives and aims of thoso who are likely to compose that opposition. What excuse some of them can offer, to the country For&taking; tho course they have evidently marked out for. thomselves, and which we firmly believe they are'- determined to pursue at all hazards, wo are at a loss to imagine. "It may be objected, that, as public journalists, we have no right to assume that the course of any of theso gentlemen will bo at variance with what can bo gathered from their printed or spoken addresses as candidates,-that we have no right to draw conclusions not warranted by their public acts as public men. This may be true under ordinary circumstances ; hut there are exceptions to all rules, and if over there was an exception, to a rulor this is ono. Moro than one of tho members of tho ap- j proaching Parliament-those who will be found most determined and rancorous in theiroppo sition¿; to tho COWPEB Administration-have 1 attained their- present position through the 1 suffrages of electors who,, innocent souls, ' thought they were voting for men who would ' be staunch in their support of tho present 1 Government. How these confiding and un- 1 suspecting people have been deceived,, a few ' weeks, or months at most, will show. To 1 those who are able to look below tho sur- 1 face, the intentions of tho wolves in I sheep's clothing are already sufficiently > apparent. The aspect of things on the surface 1 pf a stream is by no means a sure indica- ' tion of tho tendency of the current below. 1 Keeping this in mind, we shall endeavour to 1 place our readers in such a position as to ' on able them to judge for themselves,, whether ' some, at least, -of the elected members have not 1 attained- thoir Boats by sailing under " false ^ colours ; and whether the course which they 1 are undoubtedly about to take is not in direct f opposition to that which the electors bad in ' view when they hold up their hands in their < favour at the hustings, or recorded their votes < at tho polling-booth. * Before stripping off tho miserable rag3 in < which theso political Judases have disguised < themselves,-by moans of which they havo man- ^ aged to swindle the electors out of their votes, we will briefly allude to the mortal remains the diyecta-'mambra of the old Opposition-the . skeleton of tho THOMSON- DONALDSON-PABKEU T clique-the old Tory and red-tape incubus which so long crippled the energies and sacri- j need the interests of a risingebuntry;-monwho , looked upon the. advent of a liberal Ministry as an unauthorised invasion of their vested rights, ' who firmly believed that Heaven had niado this * groat country for their especial benefit ;-that tho people were created that they might rulo c them. « Contemptible in numbers, and utterly want- ! ing in ability-the remains of this used-up fae- ( tion would, of themselves, be almost powerless l for evil. They might obstruct, but could not i prevent the reforms necessary for the proper j working of Responsible Government. The , country can see so clearly through their trans- < parent motives and aims, that no word of warn- < ing is wanted on our part to put the public on ' its guard against them or their machinations. , Tho sceno of tho only mischief they, are likely ( to accomplish, is in Downing-not Macquarie- J street. The backstairs of tho Colonial Office is the 1 way by which they go to their 'dirty work ; the J Australian Association is tho funnel by which , they pour into tho ears'of tho sleepy inmates of I tho Colonial Office their "leprous distilment." The "lxspectablo" and "influential" MAN- J NINGS and PAUKERS aro tho " leeches" who ad- , munster the subtle poison. To caution the public against any measures that tho ghost of 1 this faction may attonipt here is needless. ! They aro too woll known to bo trustod-too wonk to be feared. But if this almost lifeless carcass is to bo resuscitator.!,-if this expiring faction, with tho death-rattlo in its throat, is- to havo now life breathed into its shri- velled and shrunken skeleton, to havo its withered limbs clothed anew with flesh and blood ; and if this is to bo done by traitors to tho liberal causo,-by mon who, from motives of faction, personal enmity, lust of power, or disappointment of placo, havo agreed to unite tlioir forces in an unholy alliance with the old enemies of liberty and progress-tho cause of good Government is not unlikely to be placed in imminent danger, tho existonco of tho only liberal Ministry which ' is possiblo under pre- sent circumstances'-whatever may be its short- comings-will ba imperilled, and nil tho troublo and anxiety which have boen undorgone to se- cure tho'rotura of tho right mon will havo beon thrown away. That Mr. PARKES has dotorminod to uso B utmost endeavours, on tho mooting of Parlia- ment, to overthrow tho prosont Govcrnmontj is certain. However socrot havo boon hts machina- tions-howovor cautious nnd hidden his moves -however concealed his viowsup to tho poriod of his olootion for East Sydnoy,-no ono who has paid attention to his recent courso of con- duct oan doubt for a moment tho end ho hns in vlow. Tho ovidonco is so clear that ho who runs may road it in ovary lino of tho last chapter of the Acts of this politioal UiuAn HEEP. . For what OIHQ than to soouro a handy tool to bo vised, Vfhonovor rocmirQd.-~d,id ho support, for the electorate of St. Leonard'«, the came of that old Tor/ squatter- SHEPHERD, a man whose most ardent aspirations would' be grati- fied by a return to the good old times of the triangles and the lash ?. For what else did Mr. PARKES-taking advantage of his extraordi- nary influence over the fervid temperament, immature judgment, and generous impulses of his' youthful disciple-send Mr. W. C.. WINDEYER to contest the electorate of the Lower Hunter with one of the most consistent liberals and thoroughly, independent men in the country ?. For what else has ho used his utmost influence in favour of that political vagabond DENIEHY, when opposing the man who, of all others in Australia, has shown himself io be both a statesman and a patriot-we mean, of; course, RICHARD JONES? For what other purpose wera the defeated and scattered forces of the DENIED:? clique, after their route at Maitland, rallied to the rescue of his blind follower on the Lower Hunter ? What else does Mr. PARKES'S present coquetting with, those unscrupulous and bitter opponents of the COWPER Administration, Messrs. MARTIN and PLUNKETT, mean ?-- what else, his intimate rela- tions with that political Jim Crow-JOHN BAYLEY [DARVALL ? Questions might be asked, and examples might be'quoted to much greater' length ; but we are saved from tho- necessity of arguing by induction^r-from the occasion for any further inferences-by Mr. PARKES himself ; ho has at last thrown off the mask. Now that he has obtained a seat in* tho House, he no longer care» to conceal his intentions. Ambition has blinded him to-the consequences' of the course ho is pursuing-. . Those whom' Heaven dooms- it infatuates. The lust off poweç. has warped-his judgment and rendered' him deaf to*tho voice of reason. ' His inten- tions stand revealed in glaring colours. Mr. \- FXRKES makes no-secret of those intentions, and why should we ? No political delinquency that has ever occurred- has given us- greater pain than this,-no wordsievcr written« flowed moro reluctantly from the pen. We confess to have been among tho. most ardont admirers of Mr. PARKES. We believed-notwithstanding all that was said against him--that the lire of patriotism burned , pure and holy in his heart , of hearts,?'-that whatover might bo its- trials in tho furnace of adversity, the 'fine gold would ultimately come out bright and undimmod. It bas- been tried -it has been weighed in the balance-and, there-is no concealing, the damning;fact, it has been found wanting. At a» crisis in his country's history-when the united action of all true liberals io-absolutely essential-in order to gratify his personal am- bition- to indulge his lust of power-he is attempting, or about to attempt, to place himself at the head of a faction, composed, for- the most part, of men with whose principles, if they have any, his own are at utter variance-with whom he agrees on no singlo, point but the desire to overthrow the present administration! Such, gross political profligacy as this-such, a sacrifice of principle to- personal aggrandisement, the- country can never over- look. He is attempting to barter htsbirthrighfc for a miserable mess-'of pottage.- To attain power and place ho is allying himself to the enomios of liberty-to tho foes of those who have hitherto supported him-to tho bitter op- : poncnts of those- who have been his best friends". Heretofore,, whenever tho-noisy voci-. ferations; of place-hunters and political para- sites rung in our ears-whenever- we have turned sick and disgusted from the squabbles of the rabble rout who were attempting to se- cure the loaves and fishes of office,-one green spot on the barren waste-ono oasis in the desert-rose on our mental view; ;-. the image of. one-man was before our oyes, and the burning;, words of BYRON, Thon turn wo to her lnlost tribune'* name From ber ten thousand tyrants-tuno to thee, came unbidden to our lips; But the delusion isgono,-tho spell is broken,;-tho golden image, turns out to bo nothing better than Brum- magem metal-hardly as good-clay rather. How are tho mighty fallen !' .*' " ? 