COCKNEY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. London, November 6th, 1858. ANY one who has breathed Australian air can never again feel patriotic in an English atmosphere. Muddy porter and sparkling hock are not more diverse. I used to "crack up" the old country when I was on the other side of the water, but now, oppressed by the dark, dense stuff my lungs are forced to inhale-- stifled by London fog--I recant my praises, and remembering the balmy mornings, the golden noons, the tranquil eves, and the celestial nights of New South Wales, I repent me of thc everlasting abuse I ungratefully poured upon that lovely land, and most penitentially sing my palinode. Last Monday was a real November day. The me- tropolis was buried in a cloud of mist. Omnibuses crept along like hearses. Even Hansoms only ven- tured on on amble. The river steamboats ceased to run. Bilious-looking jets of gas lighted bank, and shop, and eating-house at dinner-time. As though determined to dispel the gloom which lat- terly has shrouded London, fierce fires, night after night, have broken out. The sky has been lighted with a lurid glare, "flaring like a dreary dawn." The engines, startling the night-capped cit in his first sleep, have rushed clattering along the paved roads to the scenes of conflagration. Slums, wherein a moment before, the "very houses seemed asleep," have belched forth their thousands at the cry of "Fire!" to stare, and help, and steal. Those unsung heroes--the brigade that Mr. Braidwood heads--have stood dark against the roaring flame, rushed fearless through the suffocating smoke, performing for their paltry pay deeds that, in olden time, a Pindar would have chronicled in thrilling verse. Magnificent fellows are those bronzed, brazen, helmeted firemen! To-night, or rather this morning, the fires have been not accidental but commemorative. Guy Fawkes and his Holiness, after pervading the city and the suburbs, have been committed to the flames, amidst an explo- sion of bad gunpowder, and hurraying Protestantism. As I write, I see the church opposite to me lighted by the flickering blaze of a decaying bonfire. The bells in the tower alternately "show" and melt back into the dusk. The mural tablets, the knight in the chancel, the moth-eaten pulpit-cushions, the worm-eaten pew- tops, are, also, constantly exchanging gloom for glim- mer, glimmer for gloom. How strangely the mind travels! The sight of that worn tombstone in the aisle has sent my thoughts wandering hundreds of miles away. The returning Spring still sprinkles the old Parson- age garden with tangled tufts of golden daffodils (that look in that sad, lonely spot like truants from some happier scene), but all the other flowers are gone. Rank grass waves where the queenly lily once raised her spotless head, and nettles have supplanted the nimium breves flores amænæ rosæ. The wall is green with moss and grey with lichens: as much of it, that is, as still remains--a ruin tottering to its fall into the treacherous sea, that long ago beat down its guard, and carried off its fair and fragrant words. In summer time the ancient stones are chequered with the shade of a silver birch's dancing leaves. The Deep had done his deed of wrong many and many a year before the Lady of the Woods put forth her first young buds to drink the dew; but, as though prescient of the bridled wrath that lurked beneath his false, bright smile, even when a sapling, she could not bear to look upon his face,--and now that she has seen the mask cast off, and heard the roar with which the de- tected traitor beats the rocks, when foiled in his attempt to rob and ravish, she stands with arms ever outstretched to the land--straining for flight, but powerless to flee. Had an old Greek seen such a tree, his graceful fancy would have devised a sister legend to that of Daphne, in which Poseidon would have played Apollo's part; but this tree grows in Gla- morgan, where dreams, ghosts, fairies, and camp- meeting conversions constitute the sole mythology. Of the old parsonage no trace remains. Moist, tawny sand covers the mullioned window of the little study where many a time, in the Sabbath morning, and the weekday westering sunlight, the curate glanced ruefully at his threadbare cassock, conned his well-thumbed concordance, recalled gay college days to mind, or sighed for unattainable Tertullians and Chrysostoms. The merciless main foams and mutters over the nursery that once echoed to the tripping tread and merry laugh of his bright-eyed boys, and girls with tresses like curled sunbeams. The bones of the young bride he led so proudly from the altar of his own church to the hearth of his own home, to share his poverty and multiply his peace, and to give to his still poorer parishioners her gentle, constant care, and what they valued more than the haughty Castle lady's gold, the wealth of her winning words and winsome smile,--lie bleached and mouldering down there. Her husband rests beside her; and there father, mother, children, must sleep on; forgotten, even nameless now, until the trump of Israfil shall sum- mon all to judgment. One winter's night the sea arose in wrath, and swept a whole family away. All of their history that has come down to us is written in that line. What hosts of other hearts that in their day beat high with all the hopes and fears, the loves and hates, that make our own little span of life to us the most important period, in our old world's annals, have passed away and left no sign, like that Welsh house- hold! '"Alas! for Love, if thou wert all, And nought beyond, O Earth!" Data sunt ipsis quoque fata sepulchris. The grave- yard, too, is hidden--the dead have been twice buried; but the old church may still be seen beneath the brine when the slumberous summer breeze has ceased to crisp the sapphire waters. The roof has fallen in, for the rafters have long since rotted, and floated in frag- ments far and wide on the Atlantic; the Welsh craftsman's work, perchance, has furnished fuel for- an Indian's fire. Pulpit, reading-desk, and pews are gone. The rood- screen, refretted by the wild waves' untiring fingers, and that deft carver, the insatiable worm, has mouldered into slime. Many-coloured tangle swathes the broken arches, and streams from the stone altar-rails. Bibbed, silvery sand, is hooped around the thick, dwarf columns. Limpets cluster on the corbels. The green, mottled crab sprawls in the font. Up the aisle once reverently trodden by rustic worshippors--Sunday-garbed and Sunday visaged-- the silent fishes glide in glancing shoals. On the purple shingle that has gathered in the ruined tower, the church bells lie in rusty rest. The mellow voices that used to float so blithely over the nodding cornfields on the Sabbath morn have long been dumb; but fifty years ago, they say, the dismal boom of that big bell--the last of the peal to topple from its perch--was-heard, dully rising from the deep, by startled fishermen setting out for sea, when the rushing breeze sang shrilly in the shrouds, and the leaping billows washed the tiny deck. It must have been a dreary sound to listen to upon a moonless night. A grey- haired, weather-beaten dredger, who had often heard it, told me that it always made him think of the moan of a drowning man "just sinking into hell." What this yarn about a church has to do with "passing events," my reader may be puzzled to know; and I am sure I cannot tell him. It has taken up so much room, however, that I must defer my genuine "comments" on the week's incidents until another opportunity. WE have been desired by John G. Cohen to call the attention of builders, marble-masons, printsellers, stationers, watch and clock makers, and others to his sale this day, Thursday, January 27, at the Bank Auction Booms, at 11 o'clock, consisting of marble man- telpieces, tables, clocks, watches, jewellery, carvings, &c.--; Further particulars, see advertisements.--ADV. 