COUNTERFEITING THE, QUITTEE. '' (From the New York Tribun».) ;WE suppose when a dry devotee of Bacchus en- ters some Dionysian retreat panting for a drink, and having offored , to the deity three pence, sixpence, or a shilling, according to tho splendour of the shrine, calls explicitly for rum, that ho means rum, wants ruña, fondly bolieves during the delicious ingurgitation that his stomach ¡ is receiving that fluid, and attributes his subsequent thrills and* titillations to tho presence : in his ventricular regions of ancient Jamaica or'of the humble but hot New-England. If some friendly sage athis crooked elbow should tell him that he wns about to bolt a beaker of con- centrated nastiness, a hell-broth compared with ,whiöh tho witch-pottage in Macbeth was ah innocont. mess, the remonstrance might be effectual,-and tho stomach, of tho rovellor, rescued ; from perilous inflammation. If tipplers and tavern-haunters were not at the same time so credulous and so incredulous-if they would beliovo less -firmly in tho dirty contents of the decanters, and would give some credit to) tho sickening revelations of tho chemist, tho world would witness a sensible abandonment of swilling nnd of swipes. But, the most accurate and irrefutable analysis is wasted upon those whoso helllos forbid thom to believe, and they would discredit tho informa- tion although it should come from tho ghost of a Wollaston or a Davy. But what can tho. thirstiest ! bacchanalian say, when we detect nnd expose-as wo have recently done-such fellows as'Georgo Harrison Brown, of Philadel- phia, offering, by circular, his sheaf of recipes for making spirits and wine, and for putting a sumptuous collar within the roach of the poorost? ? What will they say when, they aro informad that thoro is in this city a man by the jaw- fraoturing namo'of Feuohtwanger-Dr. Lewis Fouahtwangor-who is the rival of Brown, and who has set up his still in Malden Inno, from which, he,; too,' dispatchos circu- lars to rustic or urbane ram-sonors-''Confi- dential Olrculars to the trade"- ono of which hoi roached us, Not being in the " Trade," "'i i tm . ? ;we shall consider it no breach of confidence to inform our readers of the contents of this irnissive, and to suggest to all jolly old souls that they had better inquire of the liquor dealers who own them, to .what extent they "aro'subjected to the Feuchtwnngerian dilutions. In this letter the respectable Doctor-solicits J'- the attention of-the-Manufocturers of Liquor and Wine." An unsophisticated person might suppose from this that the Teutonic Mithridates of Maiden lane was the proprietor of innumer our jgrape-vines/ and, . not haring a wine- press .'of his own, desired to sell his. purple' clusters to moré fortunato fermenters. Nothing could be more erroneous. ' The doctor's vine yáydlis his laboratory, and his grapes are not ' inr.bunches but in_ bottles.. There with won- derful skill "does' herprepare, if we may credit his circular-" Cognac oils; extracts of brandy, Holland and London gin'; oil.of ryq for pro- - during a superior . monongahela or Bourbon whisky from, common corn spirit ; essences of rum, peach and cherry brandy." Nor is this all<\- Tlie , . connoisseur! . moy. . . like fine old wine,- hut may not : be able to pay for it, pr 'even,, although his purse may be distended and his heart \he best in tho world, to got it for money or for love. Here the Maiden lane necromancer interposes. Ho has for sale " invaluable preparations for giving age and body to new liquors." He can make them live with celerity. Ho ean convert a callow bottle of the most fiery brandy into a perfect'Methuselah of a-tipple, in five minutes ; and no matter how attentuated may be the potation, tho Ductor, can give it body in tho drawing of a cork. Thus he annihilates time ; and then proceeds to annihilate space. Ho informs the confidential friends-to. whom he sends this Circular, that he guarantees to produce . six barrels of good ". merchantable brandy from ono ounce of his best Cognac oil."' If it be not I suggesting a paradox, we should like to inquire ; how many barrels ; his ? " worst " Cognac oil" would make ? Twelve, we ' think,, at- the very least. ' Everybody has heard of tho- inestimable medical virtues of port wine, famous in phar- macy as a bracer.. /The medical men-prescribe , port and bark for- tho ladios ; port wino plain for old gentlemen ;: port wine by the gallon in casos of lock-jaw. It is also swallowed prophy ! tactically- during- tho unpleasant visita ' tions of tho cholera. It has not, how- ever, been an easy fluid to prooure. Tb . be sure, tho grocers all havo "Fino Old Port,", I"Old Crusted Port," "London Dock Pori," "Port bottled in Oporto." But 'tis very dubious drink,, however, it may be either brandied or branded. How grateful will tho medical men of this country bo to the benevo- lent Feuchtwanger for dispensing, as by this Circular we find' that ho dooiv " Cherry juice and Malva colouring for the manufacture of Port Wine !" Nor does the miracle man of Maiden lona stop hore. He has also "Flavor-, ing" for tho manufacture of Claret, so that anybody with a spoonful of this mysterious essence and a pitcher bf Croton can make his. own Medoc ns-ho wants it. Give a little of the "Flavoring,"'a tumbler of Croton, anda few drops of " the invaluable preparation for giving ago and body to new? liquors," and tho mellowest conviviality may be extemporised/ under the least advantageous circumstances*' And, what is best of all, Vf yoti do not like claret,, the Doctor has a Madeira " Flavoring,.* so that you- may carry the- best Southside by the gallon in your vest pocket ; or if you have a sweetjpartiality, you can procure the Malaga .' Flavoring " in a compass equally small. It must be confessed that the Doctor's prices are pretty high ; but thea it must bo remem- ' ' bered that a lew drops of his precious essences ' will convert tubs of rain-water into tubs of. - excellent old rum. We oro informed' by the Circular that " one ounce - of the best Cognac Oil," at 8 dollars per. ounce, or 100 dollars per¿ pound, will make .* six barrels" of brandy. Ona gallon of tho Doctor's "Extract of Hol- land .,- pr London Gin,'' which is fur« tiished for the insignificant sum of 5 dollars, will make half a pipe of inimitable Schnapps. The - most venerable Bourbon Whisky -recommended by the Faculty in. cases of that ;d e>dful disease known as " a kind of a sink ling"-can be made of the Doctor's " Oil of. Rye,", which is' furnished at 5 dollars per . pound. Ono gallon of" The- Age and Body Preparation " is sold for 10- dollars, and ia warranted to- instantly put th« friskiest juvenile liquorr-twenty barrels of it-into a condition of tho ripest senility; and perhaps even to cobweb the bottles and blacken the corks. Hence you may have your liquor as old as yoti please, ? If one gallon of " Tho Age and Body Preparation" will make the 'youngest tipple twenty years , old, ton gallons, will of oourse make it two hundred years old ; so that every man's water-pail may be converted into a private and personal Great Tun of Heidelberg. We hopo that our readers will forgive this ' somewhat-protracted notice of an eminent phi- lanthropist. When wo consider the lamentable blight of ithe Madeira vintage, the horribly high prices of brandies, and the imminent peril of ' whisky-yielding wheat and rye, oan we be too thankful ito tho. erudite Feuchtwanger. for his dulcet distillations ? The age of deification has indeed passed ; but who does not feel that if tho Doctor had but kept his shop, and workod his still in old Athens, men and maidens would havo crowded about his premises), would havo celebrated the great Dionysia in his honor would haye crowned him with ivy, and would have shouted until .they were hoarse': "*Evôe, Fouchtwangor 1 Io. 1 Io 1 Evoe 1 Eyohe 1"?, " A neighbour asked a country vioar for Mi pulpit for a . young dlvin>, a relation bf his. " I really dou't know," : aiid (be clergyman, " how to refuse you} but if the ? young man should preaoh .bettor than I, my oongroftn tlon will bo dissau>Bod with me afterwards j nnd if no Bbould ,prPBoh wórsé--why, I don't think ho's flt to preaoh aVall." TUB BUNMX or STICKS.-Tba bundle of sHoks is loosed, and the strength that lay In,their unity is turned to weakness. Austria and Kassia' eye eaoh other with little affection, while eaoh is connected by triple ties of gratitude with France. ' Prussia and'England are-left atone, and Austria is no-friand to Prussia, Russia no friend to us.. Is the honour of Franco sjlieflod, or ara tra always to have wara «nd rumour- of wars f Tho two imtlonB tbnt were the conquerors at Waterloo now stand apart, anxious for the future. What saya tho Imperial kinsman "of j tho eonq'uered f1 ls it peno» 7 Once, upon a solomn órlala of lils career, Louis Napoleon proclaimed to France and Europe that his mission was to remember that fatal field. Has he forgotten it Î At least be has - never said so. Wo do not asaert that the sore stilt rnnkloa in bin momory. He In dark, he ls po'ltle, he ls profound. Wo only sty, "Who knows *" Is tho last step In tho policy of the nephew of Napoleon to bo the separation of tho two remalnino allies r-Saturday Review. ! '"?'-.' " Doy I" called out Brown, to tho waiter at Sam's. "Don't call1 ma boy, Slr; I'm no boy, Slr," said the latter. " Then do as you'd be done by," put in Brown ] " and don't call this mutton lamb aqy more I" 1 A lady said to her husband, in Jerrold's presenoo : " My dear, you osrtaloly want some now tronsors." "No, I think not," anawersd the affaotionate husband, ' W U,", Jerrold lnterpoted, "I think tho lady who wears thom o»9b? loknow." "". 