A STINGING EXPOSURE. WHAT will be the indignation of the Liberal party,-what the thoughts of true- hearted men of all parties, when made fully aware of the unholy alliance which, if not quite con- summated, is on the eve of being so, between men who were elected as advanced and un- compromising reformers, and the leaders of those factious sections of politicians which claim Martin, Plunkett, and others of that stamp as their representatives ? What will be the indignation of all true Liberals to learn that at the hoad of this unholy alliance between men who have not a single principle or sympathy in common-is one on whom hitherto much of their hopes rested ? That this alliance is being formed for the sole pur- pose of overthrowing the present administra- tion is beyond a doubt. That it will assume the form of a factious and unscrupulous op- position in the House is equally certain. To bo fore-warned is to be fore-armed, Bearing this in view, it may not b~ am;gs lo endeavoui to forecast, for *'n0 ^^ of oU)1 readers, the kin^ of opposltlon wych the present ^ministration is likely to meet with tom these men-from its secret enemies and Open foes-in the approaching session of Parliament ; and to endeavour to ascertain, as far as possible, what are the motives and aims of those who are likely to compose that opposition. What excuse some of them can offer to the country for taking the course they have evidently marked out for them- selves, and which we firmly believe they are determined to pursue at all hazards, wo aro at a loss to imagine. It may be objected, that, as public journal- ists, we have no right to assume that the course of any of these gentlemen will bo at variance with.what can be gathered from their printed or spoken addresses as candi- dates,--chat we have no right to draw con- clusions not warranted by their public acts as public meru This may be true under ordinary circumstances; but there are ex- ceptions to all rules, and if ever there was au exception lo a rule, this is one. More than one of the members of the ap- proaching Parliament - those who will be found most determined and rancorous in their opposition to the Cowper Administration have attained their present position through the suffrages of olectors who, innocent souls, thought they were voting for men who would be staunch in their support of the present Government. How these confiding and un- suspecting people have been deceived, a few weeks, or months at most, will show. To those who are able to look below the sur- face, the intentions of the wolves in sheep's clothing are already sufficiently apparent. The aspect of things on the surface of a stream is by no means a sure indication of the tendency of the current below. Keep- ing this in mind, we shall endeavour to place our readers in such a position as to enable them to judge for themselves, whether some, at least, of the elected members have not attained their seats by sailing under false colours ; and whether the course which they are undoubtedly about to take is not in direct opposition to that which the electors had in view when they held up their hands in thdir favour at the hustings, or recorded their votes at the polling- booth. Before stripping off tho miserable rags in which these political Judases have disguised themselves,-by means of which they have managed to swindle the electors out of their votes,-we will briefly allude to the mortal remains-the disjecta membra of the old Opposition-the skeleton of the Thomson Donald son- Parker clique-the old Tory and red-tape incubus-which so long crippled the energies and sacrificed the interests of a rising country ;-men wiio looked upon the advent of a liberal Ministry as an unau ' thorised invasion of their vested rights, who firmly believed that heaven had made this great country for their especial benefit ; that the people were created that they might rule thom. Contemptible in numbers, and utterly want ing in ability-the remains of this used-up faction would, of themselves, he almosl powerless for evil. They might obstruct, but could not prevent the reforms necessary for the proper working of Responsible go- vernment. The country can see so clearly through their transparent motives and aims, that no word of warning is wanted on our part to put the public on its guard against them or their machinations. The scene ol the only mischief they are likely to accom plish, isinDowning-not Macquarie-- street. The backstairs of the Colonial Office is the way by which they go to their dirty work ; the Australian Association is the funnel bj which they pour into the ears of the sleepy inmates of the Colonial Office their " leprou distilraent " The " reepectable" and " in- fluential" Mannings and Parkers are th< "leeches" who administer the subtle poison. To caution the public against any measures that the ghost of this faction may attempt here is needless. They aro toil well known to be trusted-too weak to be feared. But if this almost lifeless carcass is to be resuscitated,-if this expiring faction, with the death-rattle in its throat, is to have new life breathed into itSNshrivellod and shrunken skeleton, to have its withered limbs clothed anew with flesh and blood ; and if this is to bo done by traitors to the liberal cause, by men who, from motives of faction, per- sonal enmity, hist of power, or disappoint:, ment of place, have agreed to unite their forces in an unholy alliance with the old enemies of liberty and progress-the cause of good Government is not unlikely to bo placed lu imminent danger, tho existence of the only liberal Ministry which is possibly under pre- sent circumstances- whatever may be its shortcomings-will be imperillod, and all tho trouble and anxiety which have 'been undergone to secure the return of the right men will have been thrown away. That Mr. Parkes has determined to uso his utmost endeavours, on the meeting of Parlia- ment, to overthrow the present government, is certain. However se'crct have boon his machinations-however cautious and hidden his moves-however concealed his views up to the period of his election for East Sydney, -no one who has paid attention to his re- cent courso of conluct can doubt for a moment the end he has in view. The evi- dence is so clear that ho who runs may read it in every line of I ho last chapter of the Acts of this political Vriah Heep. For what else than to socuroa handy tool-to bo used whenever required-did ho support, for the electorate of St. Leonard's, the causo of that old Tory squatter-Shepherd, a man whoso most ardent aspirations would bo gra tifiod by a return to the good old times of the trianglos and the lash ? For what else did Mr. Parkes-taking advantage of his extraor- dinary infiuenco over tho fervid temperament, immature judgment, and generous impulsos of his youthful disciple-send Mr. W. C. Windeyer to contest the electorate of the Lovvor Hunter with one of the most consist- ent liberals and thoroughly independent men in the country ? For what else has ho used his utmost infiuenco in favor of that political vagabond Doniehy, when opposing tho mau who, of all others in Australia, has shown himself to be both a statesman and a patriot -wo mean, of course, Richard Jones? For what other purpose were tho defeated and scattered forces of the Dcniehy clique, after their route at Maitland, rallied to the rcscuo of his blind follower on the Lower Hunter? Wnat else does Mr- Parkes' present CGqiiôt ting with those unscrupulous and- bitter opponents of the Cowper Administration, Messrs. Martin and Plunkett, mean ?-what else his intimate relations with that political Jim Crow-John Bayley Darvall ? Questions might be asked, and examples might bo quoted to much greater length ; but we are saved from the necessity of arguing by induction-from the occasion for any fur- ther inferences-by Mr. Parkes himself; he has at last thrown off the mask. Now that he has obtained a seat in the House, he no longer cares to conceal his intentions. Ambi- tion has blinded him to the consequences of the course ho is pursuing. Those whom Heaven dooms it infatuates. The lust of power has warped his judgment and rendered lirra deaf to the Voice of reason. His inten- tions stand revealed in glaring colours. Mr. Parkes makes no secret of those intentions, and why should we? No political delin quincy that has ever occurred has given us greater pain than this,-no words ever writ- ten flowed more reluctantly from the pen. We confess to have been among the most ardent admirers of Mr. Parkes. We believed -notwithstanding all that was said against him-that the fire of patriotism burned pure and holy in his heart of hearts,-that what- ever might be its trials in the furnace of ad- versity, the fine gold would ultimately come out bright and undimmed. It has been tried -it has been weighed in the balance- and, there is no concealing the damning fact, it has been found wanting. At a crisis in his country's history-when the united action of all true liberals is abso- lutely essential-in order to gratify his per- sonal ambition-to indulge his lust of power -lie is attempting, or about to attempt, to place himself at the head of a faction, com posed,v for the most part, of men with whose principles, if they have any, his own are at utter variance-with whom he agrees on no single point but the desire to overthrow the present adminis- tration. Such gross political profligracy as this-such a sacrifice of principle to personal aggrandisement, the country can never over- look. He is attempting to barter his birth- right for a miserable mess of pottage. To attain power and place he is allying himself to the enemies of liberty-to themes of those who have hithorto supported him-to the bitter opponents of those who have been his best friends. Heretofore, whenever the noisy vociferations of place-hunters and political parasites rung in our ears- whenever we have turned sick and disgusted from the squabbles of the rabble rout who were attempting to secure the loaves and fishes of office,-one green spot on the barren waste-one oasis in the desert-rose on our mental view ; the image of one man was before our eyes, and the burning words of Byron, Then turn we to her latest tribune's name From her ten thousand tyrants turn to thee, came unbidden to our lips. But the delusion is gone,-the spell is broken,-the golden image turns out to be nothing better than Brummagen metal-hardly as good-clay rather. How are the mighty fallen! Empire. 