.... MEL BOURNE. B&BCT.RfC; TE^EGRAfcH,] s Wednesday evening/ \-- - His Excellency Sir H. Barkly dis■ • -solved Parliament this nity with the ' " " usual formalities. . The writs jvill be >J .. issued to-morrow (this-day). They ■: T'. ■' aremurnableon the 29th September. "THE ADMELLA SHIPW$EC&. A private telegram reports that the ■' j^dmella struck on a reef, and broke .amidships ;. her aitejvpart retpainyd gjiigh aboye water, and the fore-part J-jsank. The pea was high but there " t fceing a boat at the lighthouse (about V .15 miles from the wreck), hopes are ,eutertaihed of the cabin passengers being save$. Several well.known South Australian colonists were on board. She had a valuable cargo, and carried two horses, Jupiter and Barber, for the .Champion match. It also reports that . .there are other survivors and that the Lady Bird steamship has been des' patched to the scene of the wreck. , . (... Tao Adelaide Council had adjourned ,owing to the fyct ot two pf the sons of .their President the Hon. J. JI. Fisher jbeing on board the ill fated vessel. Jumping- Extraordinary. — On •Tuesday a member of the canine raca •the property of Mr. Witt the storekeeper of Foid street, sma ting under •' ithe indignities heaped upon him by iis tyrannical master, and being envious, .of the gambols performed by some of .his comrades outside the shop in which he was, against his will, confined, with ...... .a. view of asserting hi* independence $roke his chain and made a desperate bound through a large square of glass in the sbop front, greatly to the con • .sternation of storekeepers assistants, ..and customers. The animal escaped unhurt from his, desperate enterprize,. not so however our worthy storekeeper,. who though unharmed in person was .touched in pocket. Another JumpingCase.—Scarcely' .was the ink dry on the paper which recorded the sports of Mr Witt's canine -companion, than another'similar case" is brought to our notice. Mr. Ewinothe well knoyfn baker of New Town having a regard for the safety of his' ... • .cereal stock had a good looking specimen ot the dog genus chained up ' jin his shop, who at the time of which we speak was engaged in dissecting1 .the muscular portions of a leg of beef, ,and,Narcissus like, thinking he saw an. • enemy in the shop Jront of his patron, \- ,made a desperate bound to reach hitri, •broke his chain and smashed Mr. Ewing's plate glass. The animal we are told .went through in regular •harlequin fashion. \ >P!he Approaching Er.Kcnox.—a .meeting for the purpose of discussing the,steps necessary-to be taken for /the selection of candidates for the represen■tation oftbe Ovens district, will, we are . .'informed,.be held at the public room at" the Three Mile, on Saturday even'clock ; all those who Jed an awwMmhi—■c—ana—c*a*eam*n imi—rum—aria nrrr« iuterest ii\ forwarding the settlement of the country are requested to attend. New: Telegraph Stations.— Through the kindness oi- Mr. Austin, we are enabled to inform our readers that telegraph communication is now opened with Dayleeford and Dunnolly. Police Court,—Another maiden sittings took place yesterday, no cases being set down'on the charge sheet. We think out assiduous and affable Sergeant of the Court, Mr. Whelan, is now fully entitled to a pair of ' white kids. f : •' ' Auction Sale.—The. stock of Messrs, T. J. Mathieson of the Victoria store, ^"ine Mile, will be offered for sale this day by Messrs. J. H.Gray & Co. ' . TheGardeners'Chronicle.—-We are indebted to Mr. Ingram for a copy of this interesting periodical. The information it contains, and the loy/ price at which it is sold, render it an apqui • sition to all engaged .in - horticultural pursuits. ". The Empire Minstrel?.—This talented company of Serenaders have coins " with songs to greet us." They are to perform on JYiday and Saturday evenings at the Star, and should they only prove themselves worthy of the smallest portion of the praise theyhava pained in eyery place they have visited, those who neglect hearing them at the Star will much regret it. A Batch of Amusements.—-Eyery pqrtion ofthe district appears resolved upon holiday making on Friday (tomorrow) evening. First we. notice a grand free ball and supper fit Ho«t1 Anderson's La Serena Hotel put forth I by him as his " opening night," fol- I lowing up this line of road we fjnd our j old friend not "Jack" but Charley] Fro te providing a select entertainment I for hi3 unlimited number of friends, in ! which pursuit he has a rival'in the per- J son of Mr. B. Ljnch who announces ] fin opening- ball and supper $t the Harp of Erin, starting off again, "to the Buckland we find a similar process being indulged in by Mr. Yardley of the Buckland Crossing who in addition to the evenings entertainment offers a ' good array of morning sports. Yerily [ no one need brood oyer the hardness of his lot on the night of Friday with such opportunities for banishing blue devil's within his reach. IJew Ballarat Amateurs.—The spirited gentlemen who have devoted themselves to the task of sustaining the dramatic tastes of their neighbours at the above place, Jiad on Tuesday evening a grand field night at Wallace's Star Hotel. That their exertions were fully appreciated, the simple fact of some 600 or 700 persons actually forcing themselves into the theatre whila hundreds besides had from the inability of the building to contain more, to remain outside, and eventually to ret re disconsolate to their homes, is a most convincing proof; and we feel much pleasure ip congratulating the Amateurs on the result. Amongst Other pieces performed by them, they ventured upon Sbakespear's master piece !' Hamlet." That much time and study had been giv n to its production, by the Amateur's, no one who witnessed it could doubt, but we hardly think they calculated u; on the real lightpings of the . heavens to assist them in thedevelopement of the 'f Ghost Scene." Unasked for, however they had it, the appearance of the Ghost would seem to haye been the signalfor f.he commencement of a terrific thunderstorm which though adding greatly to the scenic effects brought to bear upon he audience, had the effect of sending many a one horne with a wet jacket af er waiting some time in the hostelry of Mr. Wallace in the hope of its clearing off. Altogether the affair was a great success. 