FEMALE, CHIME IN .ENGLAND AND ? ,-. < WALES: . . ' / (From the Edinburgh Review, September 2'i.J SOME of "our ' political economists '' appear to wonder why the rate of female. crime through- put tho, cquntry is not decreasing in quite such a satisfactory manner as . male crime.' It is a great and'pleasant fact.that while in Engjand and Viales alone the population is increasing at the rate of :»80,000, br 1-rOth part every year,, the number of persons committed for trial is not increasing in proportion, but actually diminishing at the rate of about 11-0 per cent,, the relative, decrease, in proportion-to the population being thus about 13 per'cent.1 -The increasing prosperity of the working classes, , the greater advantages which they now possess in the' way of education, the. efforts made by religious .bodies of all denominations, to imbue the lower, .grades pf ..the people with religion and /habits bf ; industry and temperance, have all. tended to produce a. diminution : of crime. ' Koforrhatory' schools have'also been of invaluable service, by check- ing juvenile offenders at their first ' step in contravention of tho" law, and thus striking at the .very root pf the evil.' Thé decrease of crime, as a whole, can therefore , be placed alongside of those other agreeable statistical facts, th« lengthening of human life,, the increase of ' intelligence and; ' education/, and the rise of national prosperity. ' / ? It is true, however, that tho decrease of female crime is by no means so rapid as' the decrease of! male crime. " Thus, 'while" the total decrease in commitments/last year, as we'have seen, was! 11-9 per : cent., tho, de- crease in1 males committed,rwas' 18-1* per cent., * and that in .females only.17-9 'per,' cent. The proportion,'' therefore, ' bf female* to male - crime has increased. This^increase,, hówevér. is only relative, arid not actual/ 'Still,. ii" is' .'a' -noteworthy ; fact,; ' and "" óné i .which; has given an/opportunity to some .persons to. cry out as if crime was not decreasing, but merely being transferred from men to ¡women.r This allegation, has j been well answered, " on * the statistics, by several metrópoli tan journals.'; In none, however, have we noticed the real causes of the discrepancy sufficiently; explained. A few, words on , the "subject' may. therefore be neither uninstructive nor ¿unimportant.-r.'2 The great work which,' in additi n to increa- sing prosperity, is producing the reduction of crime, . is twofold-reclaiming ',' : ' and preventive« ' 'The reclaiming work is being carried on ; with great energy throughout the length and breadth of the land. City mis- sionaries, district visitors, and temperance . reformers, aro, with many others, labouring in the good cause, and are' succeeding, .year by year, la reforming greater numbers of those who had formerly been drunkards, profligates, or' thieves. It is, however, muon easier to reclaim a man from the paths of vice than a woman.. When a woman has fallen into evil courses, she becomes tenfold more hardened id them than aman. The number of female criminals is much less than that of male criminals ; but the great excess in the proportion of female recom- mitments is only ono of the many proofs > that when a woman has once become a criminal, she remains more constant to crime than a man. She has fallen from a greater elevation, and therefore finds it more difficult to rise again. Her moral nature suffers more deeply by her fall than that of mao, and beeomos more utterly perverted and debased. A really bad woman is the wont of human beings. Not only, how- ever, does the essential difference that exists between the moral natures of th« sexes thu» make it probable that comparatively a greater number pf malo criminals than of female can be reclaimed, but external circumstances have the same effect. It is much easier, even exter- nally, for a man to repent than a woman. . The repentant male criminal finds much less diffi- culty in Urning to honest courses than tho fe« male. A hundred fields of employment are open to him, where he may gain an honest live- lihood, without being harassod by his past his- < tory ; at the worst, he can work his way to Cali- : fornia or Australia, and commence ; a new life in a new field. Not so j woman. The brand of her disgrace fol« j lows her, generally, wherever she goes. Those ' of her own sex scorn lier, and men .are . sus- i picious of her. The ghosts of her past trans gressions meet her daily wherever she goes, '! and frown down her attempts at honest: living as vain and useless. " Once down, always j down,'is the sound that ring in her ears. She j finds it almost-impossible to regain a footing as ; j an honest woman. Continuance in vice, or ;¡¡ starvation, is generally the alternative before jj! her. We ' need not wonder, therefore/; that ,1 fewer female criminals comparatively are re- ii claimed. ' i'j ' ' The other great branch of the work which Sj is producing the reduction of crime is preven- j tive: Its aim is to prevont the innocent from f falling into orime, or to check them at* their first 'step. Its . agencies are various, j The schoolhouse, the reformatory, - the j ragged sohool, check the increase of the 1 number of juvenile offenders.; while tho other means, which we formerly advorted to as avail- able to reclaim criminals, are equally available ' as preventives. These agencies aro directed, i' as regards adults, pretty equally towards both I sexes. With regard to juvenile offenders, the , ctfse is somewhat different. A, very, great pro« ! portion of juvenile offenders is. of the male sex, Reformatory schools, therefore, aro much more ! useful to tho malo sex than tho female ; and ;¡ the diminution of juvenile crimo is, chiefly a j diminution of malo crime. A woman seldom [ falls into crime till she has lost her virtue As 1 j a general rule, she cntors orime by the gate of 'j: profligacy. Hence, ono, of the .bost ways to 1 ¡ diminish fem alo crime of all sorts is to striko at I Í ita origin, and to strive to tho utmost to check j Í the progress of tho " groat social ovil." Every j effort to lesson the drinking habits of the peo- j pie is of uso for this purpose, inasmuoh os it j removes stimulants and incentives. Every en- : oouragoment given to prudent and industrious j ' habits is also beneficial, as it promotes carly ' marrlagos. Evory innooont amusomont in mo- , deration, overy rational enjoyment, lessens thor.j craving for vicious ploasuros. More dircot ;, measures might very probably bo found of uso,{| i j if taken with proper caution. Wo trust thatt'J j oro long,' although tho reclamation of female"or criminals may still be moro difficult than.that ,',¡¡1! of malos, thoro will be fower fomalo criminals^'* j than at present to roclaim. I|¡| 