THE IRISH GOVERNMENT AND THE SECEET SOCIETIES. Tf Lord Pglintonn had in fnce of him a steel clad knight with nodding plumes and lanco at j rest, ho would no doubt know what to do, acquit ? himself right manfully, and come out of the con- j test, honourably, if not successfully. But he is called on by his Sovereign Lndy to do his devoir in another sort of warfare, in which plate armour is of no avail — in which the cool head of the statesmen is of mpre worth than the- hot blood of ' the soldier. Tt is no warrior armed cap a vie he Bight say, bribe you to it ? . But wo have hardly begun what we have to say : And first to Lord Eglintoun. Taking this act of his to be just and oxpediont, wo wish to show him how the clangor lirta arison, in the hope that he will ?see that his proclamation, however necessary, is no ?cure for it. The Irish people have, or it will serve our turn \--- as well, if they think they have, great grievances to redress.' ? ?''' There is first the Established Church imposed , on tr.em' by the sword, hateful to them as a spoiler, . and' as a badge of servitude. Then there is the land grievance ; they have said from, one end of Ireland to the- other — that the tyranny and spoliation of Landlordism is intolera ble — that the burthen is heavier than they can bear- rthat no other peoplo bear the like. They eay truly, that bo tho relief duo to them on the score of justice or public policy, small or great, it is woll nigh universally acknowledged that the law of landlord and tenant requires' some rovision or another in their favour, but that they can get no revision. Then they complain of tho thousand manifesta tions of an implacable and domineering hatred to their ? creed. That mixed schools, dangerous to their faith and condemned by what they hold in consoieuco to bo the supreme spiritual authority, are richly endowed with the public money, whilst thn University which they havo erected out of ?their poverty, is unable to confer a degree. That the rising generation are on the one hand bribed to become Protestants or infidels, and on tho other debarred from tho fair temporal advantages of a .Bound and learned religious education. They complain that a malevolent spirit, hostile to their religion and to their nationality, pervades tho administration of the laws — that Cntholics are loekied out of the jury lists — that their learning, rank, wealth, aud station, are not fairly represented in the county magistraturo or on the bench, but rather that treason to their creed and nationality is tho sure stepping stone to advancement. Wo are not in tho least concerned with the jus tice of their complaints, but ouly with tho fact that they are made and well nigh universal. The constitution provides a remedy. You have not only the right, says the constitution, to address your complaints to tho Queen, the Lords, and tho Commons, one or all, but you have also a potential voice in tho settlement of your own grievances. You have a voice in the muking of tho laws under which you live. Return, then, to represent you in tho House of Commons, men who will speak your sentiments, and return them in such numbers as will compel attention to your complaints. Woll, in 1852, tho people, in a fit of constitution alism, acted up to this advico. Theysont some 60 men to Parliament pledged to obtain a remedy for their wrongs. J3ut mark how the constitution and the aspirations of tho Irish people wove defeated. Their Representatives were bought, as you buy a pig, or a cow, or a che3t of drawers, or a whistle. One knave and traitor was mado it Lord of the ?Treasury, andao on. Not all were bought ; somo could not be bought, others did not want buying ; but the party was broken up and redueod to a pow erless fraction, which it was safe to insult. Tho practical result was, that tho people wero defrauded and tho constitutional remedy defeated. But the pooplo wero not entirely weaned from somo reliance on a. regime of legality and a re course to the constitution for a remedy. They moved, but with abated vigour, at tho last general election. If there was one man inoro than another who really represented the people of Ireland, it was George Henry Moore. AVo aro not saying that tho man was worthy, or that the choice of tho people was wise ; wo say only that lie was their choice. No machinery was left unturned to de feat his election in his own county. Tho material influenco of Government and tho landlords was met and opposed by tho moral influenco of the Priesthood, and tho national voice barely tri umphed. But that very influence which had not opposed, but with great diflleulty rendered eU'ectivo the voice of the people, was attacked, and not only did the House of Commons nullify Mr. Moore's election and disqualify him from re elec tion, but tho Government prosecuted the Priests who had, liy moral intluonco alono, secured tho temporary potentiality of tlio free choice of the pooplo. Here was a double coup. Tho Government and ? tho landlords not only triumphed over tho consti tution and tho people, but they Btruck a blow Against tho Priesthood. In a word the constitution and tho voico of the peoplo' havo been defeated, and the Government lins triumphed over both. Deprived of tho effbo tivo representation of their will in tho Houio of Commons, their leaders brought over or relegated to private life, their Priesthood inenacod and has now in front of him, but the ghost, whilom j laid, of the secret societies. No flourish of trum pets precedes the encounter, but a Viceregal 'Whereas;' and the knightly spear and sword give place to an invitation to misguided men to turn traitors to each other, and fight by the side of Lord Eglintoun and Winton, Lord Lieutenant General, and General Governor of Ireland — for a considaration. ' All creeping things, and venomous, and low,' now is your time — you have broken the laws of God ar.d man, become as hattful in the eyes of your neighbours and coun trymen as you are despicable in your own : the Government want somo convictions — betray your nssociates ; if your neighbour have done an illegal net, denounce, him — your reward shall be propor tionate to the service and your own merits in the eyes of a nobleman and a man of honour, who now represents your Sovereign. The Queen is the fountain of honour, and can anything from Tier right royal hands debase yi.u ? And do not fear to accuse the innocent, for although the high and honourable reward offered bespeaks the value' of a conviction, the accused will only bo con demned on pood proof, an impartial jury of his countrymen will be impanelled, and the justice of your country will be worthily represented on the bench 'by a man who, if ever he took tho namo of God in vain by uttering an imprudent vow, at least did not feel himself bound to keep it. And do not you, men of Tipperary, take such an exceptional cose as that of the Cormacks too much ? to heart, nor be weaned from a dependence on the law of the land to protect the innocent, by the, perhaps, erroneous notion that in that case, not withstanding all the impartiality of the jury and the merciful acumen of the judge, human justice was at fault. Or if you cannot bear to believe that it is highly probable that your countrymen wero hanged by mistake, do not turn away from con solation. It is tho nineteenth century, and you have, or some people near you have, railways and telegraphs ; and the universal exhibition of 1861 is already intended to plant those seeds of universal peace and brotherhood which failed to take root some seven year3 back, under the dispensation of this same century of brotherly love and good will. 'When you aro sufficiently consoled, look about , you — a hundred pound note is to be got. There is perhaps ore of youv neighbours who has refused to be consoled for that or soms other fancied grievance, perhaps, for the good of the country, and in Btrict accordance with the latest and ?most improved theory of political economy, ho .has been ejected from tho little holding he so wofully miscultivated, and in his despair has out raged the laws of the Church and of tho land by administering an illegal oath. He is your man. If you owe him a grudge, how many birds you can kill with orio stone. First you bag a hundrod pounds, next you aro on the side of tho law hunt ing up a criminal, then you are acting with Lord Eglintoun, aud then you are following the dictates of your own noblo heart iu crushing an enemy, with the healing reflection too, that it is ?justice and Lord Eglintoun, and not you, who strike the blow. If the act were base, treacherous, or dastardly, would Lord Eglintoun reward you for it, or, aa Borne of you will perhaps at first defeated, the least religious and tho more lawless amongst thoso who find the existing state of things ?intolerable, have had recourse to secret societies. Tho law will uot right them, and tho misguided men vainlv think to right themselves by flving in the face of the Church and of the law. They feel lcenl relief to be hopeless, and present misery to be intolerable ; and in despair of help from God or man, thev turn rebels and traitors (.o both. Lord Eglintoun will not euro this state of things by bribing these men to turn traitors on each other, nor will ho raise a respectable police force amongst tho more orderly classo3, who, for a hundred pounds a-head, will never consent to de nounce those whom they feel rnther bound in charity to reclaim, and from whom it is not in regenerate human nature to withhold pity as to men suffering under groat wrongs and seeing no hope of redress. If these men were Turks, they would clamour at the Gate of Justice for tho head of the Vizier, ac cording to sanctioned custom. Being not Turks, but Irishmen living under another regime, which they have tried and found inoperative for redress, they swear to each other unlawfully, that they will obtain justice or revenge. If Lord Eglintoun, or rather Lord Derby, wish to servo liia Queen and country by putting down secret societies, let him labour to show the people that tho ordinary constitutional ways are sufficient for the redress of their grievances, let him assist tho people in returning to parliament tho men of their choice, and let him protect, honour, . and foster that religion, and its priesthood, which are the most' effective barriers against lawlessness or despair. And one word finally to the members of these secret societies. You are, of all the enemies of Trelnnd, at once the most malignant and the most ?effective. You would rob your country of that one bright jewel which she has held through blood and suffering untold and unremeinbered, except afc the foot of God's throne, which shews your hateful ma'ignancy : inasmuch as you succeed, render an amelioration of her stnto impossible, for you would array aeainst any amelioration associated with such champions, and instruments every instinct of reli gion and order. You will be dragged on from bad to worse, from one infraction of law of God to ano ther, until you become assassins. You, who have not the holy courage to face the priest in the tri bunal of penance, nor to present yourself at God's Altar, will be seized with the frenzied and impious courage to break his laws, and, usurping his pre rogatives, to say that vengeance is yours. Your one only safety .lies in turning from your present path, and the only effectual way of tnrning is to confess your sins to the priest and tho court of heaven, and so reconcile yourselves to God whom you have rebelled against, and to your country which you have injured. But, if you persevere in wrong doing, the be3t thing that can happen to you is a short shrift and the death of a do?, that your punishment may not be an eternal one, and that the land may be cleared of the guilt of blood —Tablet, Dec. 11. 