Correspondence* PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. To the Editor of tht U, and D. Adwrtiier. Si«,—Your leader of Wednesday headed "A Gold Fields' Congress," advances argument* to my mlad strongly in favor of tbe principle of payment of Members, You justly complain of the indifference and ncglect with which the Interests of the mining districts are treated. The centralizing tendency lo build up Melbourne at the expense of the actual producers of tbe 'wealth of the Colony—the miners. Hie immense sums lavished and the numerous snug berths provided for that favored locality, and the scanty and mean pittances doled out for tbe protection and advancement of the gold fields. Why ii this? Your panacea is a " Gold Fields' Congress.*' Why not carry that principle into the Legislature} 1 What is the impediment? Why not liave men til the bouse who in their "debate* 'and the results that spring from them " will exhibit instead of " culpable ignorance," a profound knowledge of and detlre to supply tbe want* of the mining commuplty. To aver that such men could not be f.uha would be a Ubel upon the intelligence of the great body ofminers, w bo have given ample proor that they possess within themselves the elements of self-government. The simple fact of two or three policemen being deemed sufficient by the Executive to control and keep in order a population of 30,000 men at the Back Creek, is evidence sufficient that they •t least believe in the' intelligence of the mining community. What Is the reason then that we have not representative* for the miners P It is atmiily this, that there ere few men on the gold ftddt rich enough to leave thiilr employment ana give their services gratuitously to their adopted country, and we are thus thrown for representation itipon Supremo Court Lawyers, Banker*, wd nthen, woo are totally ignorant of our want*, .and only enter .the bouie fej y their ambition by * , pre&x; ft *ir name* M • •tmegte fyt. « IpMfi berth for themselves or friends, or to dip their itching palms into the pylilic imids, In the shape of Railway Loans, These men of course care not a flg about the important interests up-country, Tho extent of their travels into the interior probably did not exceed a hasty run np by coach to address their constituents, and a precipitate retreat by the same conveyance, glad to make their escape from what, BO doubt, to their refined tnste, must be deemed the discomforts and heatheni Ji exittence ol a life on the diggings. These men think nothing of wiling £50,000 of tbe public money to disfranchise their constituents by an absurd system of registration, but talk ol payment of members, oh dear, no! wo can't think of that, we should not have a ghost of a chance. The tttndanl of intelligence would be raised above £ s. d,, we should be required to know all about the diggings, and the exaet locality oud wants of our constituents. We should have to sit in tbe House all day, and devote our entire time and attention to the interests of the country during the session, instead of spending a lew pleasant hours of talking in the evening after tbe counting bouse is closed. No wonder, Sir, that the payment of members, acknowledged to be correct in the abstract, meets with men strong opposition in the House. Tho object sought by you in a "Gold Fields' Congress, would be more surely attained by the payment of members. The members of the proposed Congress would have to belaid in some way. Their deliberations and conclusions would no doubt have a moroJ cffect on Government, but Central ir.ntion would reccive a death blow, and the mining community ihpjr fair fclmroof consideration in tlie legislature, to wtncli, trom their important position, they are justly entitled. 1 am, Sir, yom's obediently, A BESILENT ON THE GOLD FIELDS. 