HUOCTVITH: a«a h!» lT.UFORII.lttCEH To the Editor of Bell's Life in Victoria. DhahISki.l,— Nutwith.a chestnut gelding, bred br Mr. Hiion, near Albury, in 1850, is by Tom Jones out of Jcanncttc, by Young Theorem out of .Maid of Au- trnlia by Hector. Tom Jones by tho imported horse Vagabond cat of Xantippe by Whisker. When a two-yr-old Nutwith was purchased by Mr. Layton for thirty-flvo ])ounds. anil was broken in and omployed in tho utility lino of business by that gentle man for threo or four years ; and I believe (hat oil more loan one occasion he was actually let out by luc day. He wan frequently entered for a ha :k raco, aud occasion ? ally ho managed to win a trifling stake. His next ?Timor waa Mr. Howard, who bought him for fiftv pounds; and from Mr. Howard he fell into the bands of ilr. M'Alister, who kept him for a short time, and then disposed of him to Mr. Beckett, of the Wootaheil, for ?ixty pounds. Early in 13.77 his present proprietor. Mr. H'Lcod, bought him at tho same figure, nnd a certain share of bis winnings, should ho bo bo fortunate as to ?eenre any, that season. Nutwith, during the autumn meetings of 1857, in the Ovens district, managed to pay his way, and won two or threo unimportant stakes. During'1858 his star was wrotchodly in tho dosceu'lant, his number never being telegraphed, and his owner always entering his name on the wrung side of the ledger It was not until tho beginning of tlin present year that the fame of Nutwith (hitherto named Tho Colonel) commenced to sproad far and near, nnd having Bocured toe Miner's Purse at Wnhgunyah in January, he came out in great forco at Wangaratta in February. On the second day of the meeting he was tin easy con queror of Hanger and Moss Trooper in the Town Plate, running tho three miles in 6 min. 7 sec. ; and 011 thu tkird day, in tho Ladies' Purse, welter weights, throe miles, he again defeated Ranger by five lengths. At the Kino Mile District Rices, in March, be played lending fcusinesa in the Town Plate, Fitzjimes being his only ?nponent, whom ho conquered easily. At Beech worth, the same month, ho had another good inning. On the flrat duy, carrying lOst lib, he appropriated the f'ubli Cina' Purse, a two- miles handicap in heats, Moss Trooper (8st 71b) running him bard in both, but neither Hothrr'cm (9«tl2lb), Ranger (Out 41b), nor Fitzjumcs (8-t7lb), hav ing a ghost of a chance j and on tho second day Im was fortunate enough to obtain the Minors Cup, a three miles handicap, Nutwilh carrying lOnt lb, and Juin buck, apjed, hi* only adversary. Sat 71b At a quarter ?f a mile from homo the twain were racing neck' and neck, when the latter broke down. In tho Squatter's . Parse at Albury, in April, threo miles, be gave Valentine the go- by, winning after a slushing race to the distance by a couple of lengths; but on the second itj of the meeting ho was doomed to disappointment in the Town Plate, threo miloj, in which, carrying 9it 81b, ho -Ta3 beaten by Junius (Bit Ulb) by * Icn^t'i, and by Tranby (3it 81b) by half a head, the journey being porformed in 0 min. 2 sec; but in the I'nrccd Handicap, the last day.ho was again victoiiou«, Valen tine, at even weights, being half a length ln'.hhnl at the finish, and Kinerald, Bothor'em, and H;ilfcaitn fol lowing in his wake. The last appearance I bus far of tho Ovons Champion was iu tho Town Plato, at the Ute Haathcoto Uaces, in which, with 71b punilty, hn waa nn easy victor, Starlight and Acrobat hi-ini: thu Vanquished ; but itis only duo to tho last mimed to tttiito that ho was pulled up by mistake after he bad gone Iwico round. At Essendon he allowed on the course, lut wo* not started for the Handicap iu consequuiwe of, M his owner alleged, tho rough ground. This I very much regret, as tho metropolitan public would hnvv been aWo to get his measure had ho gone for that rain Ho ?ia now quartered ot Sam. Waldock's stables, at Fleming ton, where hojs being trained by that excellent light .weight rider. He is not without a friend in tho butting ?market, and has already been backed to win at lent 'a monkey' at about 100 to 6. VOUTHJKUU. 