AUSTRALIAN WESLEYAN METHODIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY Ix conformity with advertisement, the annual moctiW of this society took place lost evening, in the Wes Wau Chanel, Botirke-strect, Surry Hüls. Although the chapel was not nearly full, there was a very numerous and respectable attendance, composed min-. cipnlly of ladies. After a hymn had been sunc and prayer oileied up, the Hon. George Allen was called1 to the chair. ThoCiiwitvivv begged to congratulate thom on meeting them for the first time in this colony at their annual meeting. There was something peculiar about this meeting. In England the parent Society was; accustomed to hold its annual meetings on the first Monday in Mav, unless It happened to full on a particular day of the month. At about the time, therefore, that they were at their proceedings yesterday in York street, the parent body were commencing their annual meeting, and a few hours after they were about to commence theirs here. If they continued to hold their meetings so closely together, he hoped the time might not be far distant the committee there might be able to tell what their friends in Éiighnd had done the day before. (Chceis.) It vvns not necessary for lum to inuko n speech, but to ask thom to listen to the spçcehos of othcis. He did not w ant them to make a noise, but if the spcakcis spoke well they might cheer them on ; if they spoke badly, he hoped they would soon sit down. He would now call on the Secretary to icad therepoit. The Secretary read the follow ing ' _,. _ , . Rr.i'OUT, mo The Committee of the Ausinla.iin VWsleyan Methodist Mis rionary Society, in presen lumhelr Fourth Annnil R.port.havo . lo rejoice in the continued success of tt.c mis-nna under their chnrgc. Î ho npperlmndc last year tithe various auxiliary and branch societies ha« bren in soino degree successful. The committee» hilve Mt the importance of luv lug their anniversaries sooner, and the general treasurers huve heen f wound with cnrllcr remit- tance« than during the preceding vcar. Tour crmmittec regret that nearly tho cost of twomi-s'onariis is «-.111 expended in hanlt in- terest for advance«, mid they would agitn record their obligeons to those gentlemen « hoso personal guar nntee cnuhles the society tosecure advance« which sometime« luvcixceulcd fire thousand pound*. Your committee would «HU pre«s this m.hjcot upon the attention of the branch «ocluios that, by having their weitingj cnrllcr in tho yenr, and hy niompt remittance« of tho proceeds this part of ihc oxpendittiro moy be con>idcrab!y rrduced. Tho tuial expenditure of the Society for the pist year his heen . . ... JCI3.550 7 0 The not riciipt« from the ro'onlr« and misshn dis- trict«, including £141-1 I is. 8J. nativo contribu- tions in oil, have bien. ,. .. . 9 D33 4 S Leaving a balance to he pud by the¿lisslonary Committee in London of .... . £3,(120'3 7 Your committee would gratefully acknowledge tho hearty libe- rality with which the parent bocietv in 1-ngland ha« hitherto re- spondí d to these drn/ts i,n Ihtir icnoiircc. They rejoice to learn from thdr nnblication« th it general pra «irrnts, and Iheslrong and urgunte-1 _China load Tour commutée to conclude th it eviry effort should bo made to limit their annual cill< upon Iheir fund«. Your committee « ould, on hell il( of this Society, express n deep sympathy with the pjrent Society, In thi los« they havesjstnlncd bv tho rerroval ol their venerable counsellor, tho R v. Dr. nuntin?. His valuable service« In the formation and develop, ment and maturing of the parent Society's excellent organisation cannot be too billilly esli nntcil. viler a lone; nnd honourahio conreo of vigorous and useful service« he has been gradually and grucious'y removed to bia in mai reward. Your Society has to record the removal of those who have been formerly useful in the fields of labour occupied by its agents. The Rev. Walter Lawry, who was a colleague with the first missionary in New South Wales—who was eleven years the General Superin- dent of the New Zealand missions and visitor of the Friendly Islands and Fiji, and who has been during the last four years a supernumary, has been removed to the rest that remains for the people of God; his memory is embalmed in the hearts of many in these scenes of his early labours who will be his crown of re- joicing in the day of the Lord. The llov. W. VVoon, who cuter, d upon tho mission work in 1830, and who, after labouring in the Fiiendly Island« for four years, removed to New Zealand, whero he v\ isu'c'ullv employed lu some of tho most trying periods In that IntcrcMing mission, wa« com- pelled, by tho failure of his health, to rttlro fromiho full work about live years since. Ho com murd realnuslj to labour as his s-rcngth permitted, until in the pulpit, «hilo conducting service, his disenso nssumed a moro dingerou« form, and in a few weeks terminated his labour« and «uHiiing« lu the church militant. Your committee havo abo t> liirutn the inroad of death amongst the activo laboun rs In the mis«i m fiild. Soon after the last annual meeting of this Sncletv, intelligence arrived of the drcth of tho Rev. John Crn» f lrd Ile w is a J mug man of great energy nnd resolution, and g ive promise of being an enterprising and zealous labourer, but he wa« invi-tcrlouslv cut down when he wa» but just entering on a sphere of 1 ibnur which engaged hu heart'« warmest sv mp ithii'» An attach of dysentorv scirod Mm, and after acute suffering his Divino Muster accepted his purpose, and took him to himself Yourcomnitteo «ould feel these removals n call to "work while it i« day," and under a deep sense of responsibility for ac- complishing the work of God « bile opportunity is afforded, they would call upin tho frirmls of missions to seriously consider the prisent embarrassing circuni'tmrcs of this Society and to give their liberal help. Unprocedm'id (-'leece« invite» and compel«your committee io an extent of expenditure, which is far b"yond ihe present amount of tho society'« reef Ipts. They aro cheered by iho fact that the Churches in Fnglnml deeply sympathise wita them, and urge them to meet the grui pig dunands of tac island work, and the home Society will cheirlulv assist in sustaining a mission that I« sa evidently used bj O d in the «election of men. Dut on the other hand, lhere is nn 'ardent wish on the part of tho colonial churches to have tin« ln-tittillon scT-supportlng ¡ they rightly frei that the p irent Snci" > b is a largo sphere of 1 ibour and strong demand« on all ¡l» resources, nnd they are anxious to sec tho missions under iho charge of thn Au-.tr ilasian Conferences sustained without any lulp from llritMi ford«. Your committee sympathise with the idea, mil would rejoice to «coa gcncnlmoicmfni of Christian bcne\o)mco whioh would relievo tocm of the nccessi'j of further he'p from other sources. But at the simo timo thrj feil lb it while the r.irenl S «¡¡ely is willing to help, they cannot incur tho rcpnnslbllityof al'owlng field« ripo for the harvest to waste ungnthercS lito former desolation. In each branch of their mission«, thero appears to be a crisi» which requires promptitude. In New '¿elland Iho Maori race i« In a trtnsiuon state, which demand» \ig rous oversight and evan- gelical cffirt, or the devil, cast out, ii idimr the house empty, swept and garnished, will cntir with spirits of a dc»ncr banne««, and uttir ruin will bo tho result. In the Friendly Islands, we havo a people rescued from heathenism just emerging into iden« of civili-id life, and panting for knowlcdgo and Improvement, bu> the paucity of labourer« rend rsitvorj iliillcult to give anything like n proper oversight. The Rev. Thomas Adam«, well knowa lo our friends in New South Wules, has, in the Viv m Circuit alo-e, to supciin'end the print- ing establishment, toloik attir sixty-s'x day school« with 3Ï0O scholars, to «npcrinicnd a farming institution, to direct ono hundred and eighty-two lay preachers, and to exercise pastoral supervision over one thousand six hundrid and eighteen members of tho Cnurch, in nddit on to the otlu r attendants on public wor- ship, nnd he hss a wciUy c nsututh n In 1'ijl the mlss'onarleshivc been p rplexcd bv tho rapidity with which the proplc havo announced their wi«h to abandon heathen- ism and all iheir former atrocitic", lind to embrace Chri-hanitv, If they can be supplied with teachers. At the first Australasian Can f renee thire were In tins (Mil eignt inusionarlc« and two English training masters fur the schools. Thcto missionaries had to superintend Î051 mcmhirs, mid ihe cmgrcgation then numbered abiut 9780 soul«. Last year we had in this important field only eight missionnrles and two training mister«, bat these minister« had pastornl charg8ofS13î full numlcrsol tho Church, and the attendants on public worship nu nbercd 51) 101 persons, 25,991 of whom are attending day schools to receive instruction. Your committee feel eenuin that when such ficts ns these are considered, the Churches in these c ionic« « ill sustain the v Igorous appeal to their liberality which has been made in sending out ten additional missionaries this ye ir. T«o have been appointed to the Auckland district, unit two to ihe Wellington, in New Zealand. I hese arc young men who after they havo Kcnred a kno* ledge of the Maori langu ige, will b icat to those parts of Now Zealand where tho native« are In dinger of relapsing into their former vice» for want of mims'crial nltention. Two arc appointed to tho Friendly Islands district, one on account of the expected returnof the honoured Chairman or tho district, whose labours for more than u quarter of u craturv in that wasting and exciting field of enterprise In vo impiiridhis health, and rendered neccs«ary a return to hi« native land. The other is Intended to a'slst ibo valued missionary, whoso cxeessiye dune« have been already adverted to. Four havo been npp doted to Fill to assist to some degreo In taking ctinrgo of the tern of thousands who have testified their «enso of tho i npnrtanco of Ctiri«lianlty by aban- doning their false gods, and pledging to ceiso from their canni- balism and oppressive wara if tbiy can be instructed iu the " lota." Your commillce, in thus enlarging the number or labourer», fearlessly c ist tbom-elves on thchinuur and Christian feeling/of ti o friends of thi« society. Th y have ImKrd lit the large expendi- ture that would be involved In the onlfit. as well a» in tho regular support of these now ini'»!oniirics In Fiji tho new missionaries have io bo provided with bou-es un 1 furniture, each to the cost of between two and three hundred pounds ; but your eoraintiiec have felt thnt necessity wa« laid upon them. Tho missionarlos for Fiji have already embarked in the John Wesley, and your oommituo hope have now reached the sphere ot their labour« The Rev Jo«opli Walerhouao has teturmd with his family to the scene of his «uftVnngh and triumphs, with re- cruited heaith, to again resume hi« labours. He has been en-rusted by the Conference with the charge nf the district, and yourcommitleo havegrest oonflilenre In hisjuiUment and energy. Tho three b'clhron who havo aeo inpanicd him ( Vlessr«. Bairn, Biker, and Carey) aro evidently zcilniu in their desire to conse- crate themselves io this service, and the prayers of the Church aro desired for their sucas». .. The Rev. John Malvern, tho late chairman of the Fiji district, has returned to England. He ha 1 long s-rmrgled a ainst the pro- stration which hi« labour« in that put had induced, but he was at last compelled to abandon his post, and seek in a more congenial clime, and umidBt less exciting circumstances, lo recover ins Your committee would now refer briefly to the various fields or labour, and give summaries of lb» cueilli report«, and quotations mat will tend to Illustrate and exhibit the present state and pro- spects of the missions. NEW ZF.ALVND. In the New Zealand districts there are evidences of advance- ment. Your committee have been cal'lmr tee svention of too minister« and peoulo to the subject of scir-»upport, and they are encouraged to believe thai vigoious i frort« arc being made to tulcatc the duty orsustuolng the causa of God by personal con- tributions. Tho European churches hive ever *«P«W * praiseworthy zeal in this respttt, and aro «>an,1 tint supplementary assistance which these çolrnies soi longJJt ceived from the parent 8ociet>. To. > arc gr »1"1>,1y.bcc.?miDi£n8.e"i supporting, and are eo-itribuling liberally lowerd« tho general fun! Iii native churche«, noihaving b-en in the: habit ol contributing at the commencement of th. rai-sion, find It ?dlrBoua to admit the rellgiou» claims of the gospel to i heir support, their improvident and indolent and irreSular lubitäoieo present oo stacles to tho discharge of the du'y. ACCKtAK» Dl.TRICT. . In the Auckland dis'rist, the visits uf the Cha rman to we var?ou-.¿non' (the journal of which rMtb P«^^'"^ MiV.ionarT Notices) has been u-ciul in diffiHng more healthtul idea« in th . »u» j'ct. and your commltb o hope aoon to «eo be w«k in New Zealind vigorously extended amongst the ««}»£ t" be», without any Increased demand upon the fund, of the ""rhè^uckland circuit h.» rcquc«ted an °«f«°° ?'%$£*%} and pledg d It« entire support; nnd a« he will have >»«»"" ""j i^uFlngMi acquaintance with the Maori lanpu ig«V""^»"ä prcpsriïg for tho native work, this roquet ha« ^«»»K'iîî wiX Toen.ble theChUrman vigorously to «»» '»»»^'Ä* lion of the circuits, a young man has been appointed.with.hire[jo theOnehungacircuit/.nd ii is understood that spec«l UMU li to to Mid «o b°'n the"e Tounï men ln PrePatlnKthcm for *° «ervioo in the native work. "i.»-.«». and The mtsslonarie« deeply deplore the absence of eplrltaalitjr, ano the fact tLt with Bimberi ot the Christian B.tlte» the»« I« '« the lhere form of godliness ; bnt your eommittco ia rejoiced to leam thnt this Is becoming painfully felt, and they bcspcalr, on behnlfof this mission, tbs »pedal praytr of tho Cburoh of God . that tbo Spirit muy como 'rum tbo four wind*, ond breathe upjn these forms of life, and quieken them inti Christian energy. A pleasing instanco of the outward cifVcU of tho gospel is re- dor led in tbo Hokianga Circuit Report. Toe superintendent states " In evidence that tho Gispcl has been working a s'lcnt, but very powerful change upen the habits of thl« people, wo mar in- stance a fact that lias recently been communicated to us. About tiree years ago a respectable merchant of this river died, Icivlt.g a largo part of lils property In tho hands of the natives, in the shape of old debts, which, when his cxectiton ramo to rxamine into, wero thought to be so bud ns not to he worth collecting, ci cn if it wore possible to got them in nt all. Slnco that time, however, trade his rcvivotl, and more thin £2000 have been brought and paid to the person appointed to rcccivo It. This fact shews that right principles triumph over mttve avarice, oven when no law ?Would reach the case." The simo ml'Mnnary states that some of tho natives have left the Omrah, being nn» tiling to contrlhuto towards the support of the ministry. Thi ir Ign lrn-ice and ai arico havo readily caught up the cry of Ho .anist* and others, who re- present ii as " rnbberv and extortion " to ask them to sustain their Church ordinances. In the jÍAtpAT1A cmcoiT Tho missionary report» : " Our chapel* are woll ntlcnilcd, anti ' tho people aro not only attentive, but In their genrril deport rarnt oro kind and liberal. Wc trust that tbey are feeling a greater interest In the good work of silvatton; yet we reel that 'thorn is not that dcen spirituality of mind which characterises the more ndvnnced Christian. The people of the Wairoa nro desirous of harina- a minister located among them, ns they cannot po*«lily be visited oflene-r than once a quarter. I! ah n iilvcs and Knro pcans arc willing to contribute towards his bup^ort. They have nlreidy promised more than £l"0." Our-calou* missionary In the Walpa Circuit has been untiring in his efforts to raise the people of lils charge from their sloth and indolence, and-to induce habita of industiy which mlirht soon lead to improvement in their outward circuinstancis. His loiters during the yerfr have evinced his dep anxiety for their elevation. In the report ho savs : " The social habits of this people are most unfriendly to the'progress of Christianity among them. Indo lenco octs as a drag upon everything that is good. They appear to bo trying the experiment of living without labour,'and, as the natural rcMilt of meh a course, they aro wretched and misernblo and filthy and naked to an extent which it is sickening to oin. template. I hive been endeavouring to rouse them from their Antinnmian slumbers by preaching industry, cleinlines«, and natural affction to thelr'cltildre-, a* the legititnnte fruits of faith In Jesus. In addition to Drenching, I have worked regularly with mvhamUunin the misrktn lund, In order to prove to them that labour is not degrading. Wu have not toiled altogether in vain. Two blocks of lind, each consisting of about 151 acres, havo been tit'istm'lnllv enclosed by the two tribra rssHlnsr near tho ftiion. These I Intend to bo vlllago sites, each cnttago to hive from three to four acres of land ot'.ached. Taklnr into consideration the «pirie popu!-lion, f>r in a circuit SO miles in length the population do not number over 000, the nttendniico at our different chapels is encouraging, and the peoplo appear to listen attentively tn the. Word of Life. We aro th mkfill to repirt nn incren.oof members duiing the year, and although our pro- gress is not very apparent, yet what seems to be Ziouward." In this district wo have. 47 chapel*, 01 other preaching places, 14 ini- sioinries mid assistant roisMo uric«, 10 day school loieher«, 189 Sunday fchont teachers, l811 churoh members. 170 on trial for membership, 51 j) ntt- ndsnts on worship, 1022 scholars. '. WU.MNOP'.V DISTRICT. The English department in the Wellington district is rnciurig ing. A now chapel has hren crested at Canterbury, nn nddiiional minister has been nsked for, and ono is appointed who will bo sus- tained by tho people. In Nelson» largo now chapel ha*been erected, and the cxtcudituro Ins bren nearly nil met. Too nativo .work languishes far want of efficient culturo ; in many parts of llio field there is promise, hut the labourers are wonting. The Wellington Circuit reports : In our native deportment we have nothing remarkable to record. Tho members are sto uly and coii'istent, and, considering the many temptations lo which tiley arc exposed, from their proximity to town, wo havo reason to be thankful that they ure what they aro. Ha wiri Puaha, an in- fluential chief, and a toiohcr for many years, has died lately, fie ?was conspicuous in the tragical massacre nt Wnlrau, in ISI1, by his earnest endeavours to prevent bloodshed, and be muitlaincd ii good character to tin limo of hi* death. Wulmutj and Whanganul Circuit reports-an increase of mem- bers, and shows tho necessity for nu increased agency. Tho Supjrinteaiient says, "A* some 200 of our Church member.* resida from 40 to CO milrs distant from the station, nn 1 tho Mission- ary's time Is so much tnkm UD in vMtinc tho town of Whangnnui and in «Herding to tho affairs of tho Industrial school establish- ment, the Sacramrmal occasions arc nl-nost tho only ones on .which ho enn sec the distant natives nnd converso with the leaders and local preachers. During theso visitations, the time I* fully ocoupied in answering all manner of questions, both theological and political ; so much so, that for several nights ho is able to ob- tain but little test. Little, however, can bo clfccted nmong them until a mission iry can bp loo >t-d with Hiern." In this elistrict, wo' have 27 chapo's, 40 other pronohing places, T missionaries, B14 church nvmbors, 22 on trial for membership, 1S00 scholars, 3Î50 attendant* on public worship. TllK FllIKSULV Isr.ixi)*' DISTBIOT. , It»porlfl Indicate the continued ÜPÍII of Ino missionaries, and tho blestingof the great Ileud of the Church. Tneir patience and faith wire tried durng one part of the year by the outrage c'-im millrd upon the feeling.« of tho native* by tho captain of n French man-of-war, compelling Protestant Christians to erect twomi-slon bouse* for tito residenco of th« priests of Hame, bat they havo to rejoice in llic evident presence of Him who can make the wrath of man to praise Ulm and ran restrain the remainder. The houses were built, the priests look possession of thom, but the people aro more than ever indisposed to treat with the agents of Home, and not one convert has been made to the Homlsh Church. In the Ton_o Circuit, tho Miperintcndcnt states, that tho Word pf God has bien regularly preached during tho year, tho mean* of gr.ico have upon ihe whole been well attended, and the I/ird has blessed his Word to tho edification of believers as well ns the salvation of sinner». A number of interesting young men have bzfn reciived as local preachers during the year: anil others uro seeking useful know- ledge, in order ti qualify themselves for b:lu_ received. This we regard ai a token for goid. IS ItAAlllI CincuiT. The returns will show an increase of 119 on the list of full and accredited church members. Among a large and increasing num- ber of our flock tho general tone of rc'iglous experience and feeling is very healthy and indicative of continued progress in the Divine life. But the inattention of th» young of both sexes to the concern* of their sou's, especially on tho l.ifukn Island, cannot - but (11 vnur mis'bnnries with painful apprehensions. There is a strong effort being made on tile part cf the ungodly for the resus ciiation of before apparently dead heathen practices. Our insti- tution fur tho training of native teachers has been erected and put into operation ; all tho expenses of which hnvc ben defrayed on' tho spit hy tho p-oducc of nativo contributions. Wo havo found a strong desire oi the part of tho youne local p-oichcr* ti bo atl m i I ted to the privileges of tho seminary, and their conduct since ailndttcd ha* been such ns to grealy enoourage us. Wo have eften.'whilo bowing down with thefc joung men before the throne of the Mosillieh, experienced as much of tho pre.*-nee and power of tho promised Spirit as wo have cv-r been privileged to enjoy, VAVAD CIRCUIT. The Vavnii circuit ennuin* 31 clupils, situato on 12 island-, populated by ab mt 4500 souls-the oversight of which 1» com- mitted to one. liuropean inis«louary, assisted by two native assistant missionaries. The missionary's labours aro dtvldcel be- tween the circuit, tho native insiitution, nnd the printing oillao. If the staff of missionaries could he increased, we might hope to seo Immediate finit, for " the fields aro white unto tho harvest." -Wo hovo been privileged to receive thu dying testimonies of several of our members, and a few of our locnl preachers and leaders to tho sufficiency or Divine Grnco to enable them to con 2uer their latest foe. Thiir hope was in Jesus, nnd when near cath, thiy were enabled to exclaim, "O, death, where is thy sting." In the mniority of nur places the work of God Is steadily prngrcs'ng. Wc uro cheered by nn improveil tono of piety nmong ourchurch members; wo have witnesiedciso« of real conversion ; some young men have been turned from the error of their ways, and give promise of becoming useful members of the Church of Chrii-r. Wen cord with great pleasure that King George has ex- ceeded his forim r self us n nurting father to the cause of the ltedrefrr in his dominions. A letter has been recently receive! from tho superintendent of this circuit, dated February 3rd. Mr. Adams says, " I am happy to repirt favourably of mv circuit. Wo ure just now delightfully engaged in n revival of religion. Moro than a hundred souls h ive been movc.l to seek the Lord, and havo commenced to meet in class during the past month, and there is - very blessed atato of feeling among our members and local preachers. Truly, showers of b'essing have desi-ended upon our /¡Ion, the songs uf rrjoicing oro heard in every diroctlon. The children in our schools uro be- ginning to sine; with the Spirit, " Hosanna to Jesus." I never beforo saw King George so fully dovoted to the work of the Lord-his whole BOUI is engaged. On tho eve of his dep- irture, ho p'cichcd la-t Sabbath morning in our large chapel, to an overflowing congregation from Gul. 5. c. v. 22 (first clause)-" The fruit of tho spirit is love." Truly his Majesty preached «ith tho Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven ¡ the Word o ima with'power. Nine or ten prayed before we could git an opportunit > to conclude tho s ,rv'c ;. The congregation teemed to be bowed before the Lord. On Wednesday afternoon his Majesty preached again-his last sermon previously to removing the Cou-t to Hiabai. His text-was, "Why art thou cast down, O mvsiull and why ait thou elis quletrd within mc I li; po thou in God." It wa* n time of r-fresh ing from the. presence of thu Lird. Would to God that tho King* of every nation woro engaged in so blessed a work. Simo mem- bers o( the King's family li ive been brought to God in this re- vival. A son and a daughter profess to have found peace, and aro rejoicing in the Lird. I should like to sro you in some of our meetings lo rejoico with us. I am sure you would exclaim, " What hath God wroiwht 1 To him ho all the glorv 1" SAMO.VN CIRCUIT. " The Missionary states that he has difficulty, nrWng from tha distance he has to truvol, to visit tho churches that belong to us, but ho his boen encouraged in hi* work. "True religion," be says, " has struck its roots here in goad ground, but tho my tory of iniquity doth already work among the S imoaiis. May wo hope that the spread or Scriptural holiness in these island* will keen that mistress of sin from defiling the whole land." It. is evident that, had not your committee resumed the work in lois station, that much of that pirtim of this people who woro originally Chris'iinised by the early WeMcyan mlsiionirics would have beca taken pr.sso>sion rd by the Church of Home. lu the Friendly Isl inds District wo have 1.51 chapels, 7 mission- aries, 8 nativo utsinnnt missionaries, 12 catcchists, 013 day-school teachers. 10.140 day scholars, OG 10 ohurch members, 253 on trial for membership, 17,505 attendant» nn public worthlp. F1GI DISTRICT. The work of God ia the F.gl District is still rapidly progres-ing. The letters from the missionaries aro or a spirit-stirring cha- racter. B Wo give the following extract* from the Circuit roports :- I I.AKEMUO ClUCUIT. Wc have not to report a largo increiso to the number of pro- fessing Christians in this circuit, all the islands belonging to it I having for some years previously been called such. It does not I como within our sphere to aim at preventing ennniba'ism, strangling, murder, ¿c, us much ns to cxpo-e and attempt to countcroct the more ordinary though no1 len destructive workings ajthe carnal mind. Ficts warrant the conclusion that throughout the length and breadth of the circuit spiritual religion bad never a better prospect of success. ' One of our most efficient teachers has been removed by death. The Church's loss ii his ctirual gain. Ho lefia clear testimony b.hlnd that ho has gone to ho numbered amongst tho-c who are before the throne. A refcrenco is made to the readiness or the rcoplc to contribute had they the means of receiving the oil. Oil tunks hive recently been for- warded. RBEVA CIRCUIT. Thrco years ago this circuit was all heathen, with the exception of sumo foi ty sauls. Now wo number above twenty-three thou- sand who bow the knee to Jehovah, and listen to the preaching of Christ cruclfltd. True, the great raujoritv are only nominally Christian, but there is all the difference. beU cen the Fijian b liv- ing the knee, and hi* heathen neishbour, that there is between tbo maniao amongst tho timbs, and the maniac at Christ's feet. Three years ago we had tbirty-nvo members scatter-d through the circuit, now wo number above two thousand who evidence a desire to flee from the wrath to come by a coui-istcnt walk, m, ^UA CIRCUIT. The statistic* will show un increase of upwards or 800, who bavt- turned from the pollution or heathenism to tbo nrofesiion of t_rl»iianity. In this part of Fiji, as well as in the Yasavn group of_ Islands, tne faith of the heathen In their former vanities and vile superstitions is completely shaken, and th^y freely confess thnt they believe Chriaiiaiiitr will soon subluo all Fiji. . . . God is preparing tbo way beforo his people. At one plaoe. four hundred have made a profession or religion, built a chapel, mid feavc Bent to say " nil things aro ready, send us a teaohcr." But, m«, we have none to send, without robbing other churohes of loni_^_r standing. ^uiiï'liÎÎ:îwI',fr,1""i!en?'''1,,lnra'-T5rort,le«tatlons, ft\, oeen. /?*4by_lw»*eiiry, si glun in the »litriot Retaros for 1858 j- i i Chan«!«. Í5? Olhcr prcnohlng places . ..... ...... s« Misslonarie» and assistant mu»lonariea in- .. eluding supernumerario« .... ..'.... ' " " ' Catcohist« in Friendly Island« ami Fiji . . »B Day school teacher«. .":;;:. "AT. 8iiHday«chaolteaoher« (no return from Fiji) «U Loaal preachers . . . *J¡-¡2 Clnss leaderB (no return from Fiji) ...... " «J« Full and accredited ohnrcli member« . ¿ini On trial for membership . . jT}» Sabbath scholars (no return from Fiji) . 6J0J . Diy school« . "35. Day scholar« ..'.. »".'»I , Attendant« of pubUc worship ....... oí,'8' Printing establishment» . . *, In conclusion, your committee -would appeal to the Christian pti'ilic for special a>«ist»nco thi» year, and they would inv te their trienl« at thi« anniversary to strike n key note of liberality Which »hall Tibrato through nil tho' auxiliary and brinch «oclctlc«. Your commlt'.co r.joico to havo hean favoured with the valuable «ervlec« of tho Rav. Thomas ninney in preaching hi« valutb'o sormon beforo tho Society last evening, and would record iheir grttitudo for his assistance. The olnlm« of the Gospel arobilng felt by tens of thousand« of cannibal Fijian», who havo nwoko to the misery or their condition, and aro crying for help. Your cainmlttci cannot conclude thir report better than by quoting nn appeal from Iho the Rev. J. s. II. Roger. After explaining their necessitous con- dition ho says : i" Our he irt» arc not within usbrclhrcn while wo think and writo on thi« subject, may the Spirit of th» Living God como down upon our Churches. May the tongue of fire rest upo.i caob of its member«-trcasuile« of gold will got unlocked ; h'-.arts cxpvnde 1 by the Saviour'« love will he ut the service of the church, exclaim- ing ' livre am I, »end me.' Then the prayer« of the churoh wi.l constantly ascend as a mighty cloud of incinse, and sign« and wanders'will bo wrought in tho name of Jesus." "Wuaro rejoiced in the fact, that the little one ha« become a thousand - the solitary place i« glad-tho Lord hath mado b.uo.his linly arm ; but tho victory is not yet won. Am ilek Billi prevail»--thd hands or.Vfo'Cshangdiwndrojplngat his sWo. Brethren? strengthen our hands, »boro thom up qu ckly, by your prayers by your con- cern for iho heathen, by your means, and by a reinforcement of misslonaiic« to FIJI." , Your coininittcu hive responded loone parto(.t_il* appeal. Four additionol missionaries hue already gono to this interesting sphere. Spc:lal (limitions have been given In Tasmania to meet this special expenditure. A don ition or £50 has been given in Sydney at th" Gîncral Committee meeting, four cmmltte-o Mists that these examp'c* miybo fi ¡lowed, and that unceasing privera will bo offe-red by tha Chin cb for tho continued blessing of God on all thesi sphcics of missl in toll, until the work shall so extend and prevail, that «II men shall be blessed ia Christ, and all nutlons shall call Him blessed. The Secretary also announced that he had re- ceived letters from Dr. M'Kay, Mr. Cuthbertson, and Mr. Clark, expressing their regret that they were un- able to attend ; also, a letter from Mr. Isaac Shep- herd to the sume effect, enclosing a cheque for £5 as a subscription to the Society. , The ¡Rev. J. A. MANTOJT moved the first resolution, as follows :-" That the report, an abstract of which has now been read, be adopted, and piintcd under the directions of the committee, and that the success vouchsafed to theil Society and other kindred institu- tions, is an evidence of the Divine sanction given to the agency employed, and should call forth gratitude and encourage prayers for enlarged effusion of the Holy Ghost." Of the ' adoption of the resolution, there could be no doubt, and as he appeared almost as a total stranger among thom, it would be unbecoming for him to trespass on their time-even if there were any necessity for a speech. Ile therefore confined himself simply to moving the resolution, which he did with much pleasure. The Cii.uiiMAX regretted the rev. gentleman should look upon himself as a total stranger among .them. He certainly was not a total stranger to him (Mr. Allen), as ho had the pleasure of meeting him tliirtv years ag 1, and of introducing him to many members of the Wesleyan community. He certainly should not like to put the resolution to the meeting until some argument had been heard in favour of it. The Rev. S. IUON'SIDE seconded the resolution with much pleasure, as he felt his heart warm towards missions and missionar es. Ile had, in the provi- dence of God, been permitted to labour a long time as a missionary, and he should feel it his duty to do all in his power to support those who wore engaged in that blessed employment. Ills only regret, on hear- ing such glorious news from the Fiji Islands, was, that he was not twenty years younger, that he might again offer himself as a Inborn er in the mission field. The report alluded to the success that had boen vouchsafed to us. "Wherever we had laboured, God had blessed us with success, ne had crowned the labours of His servants. It was only a short time ago that in New Zealand, the oldest mission we had in hand, there was not a single native convert. But now the whole population was Christianised, the whole people, from north to south, had embraced the religion of Jesus Christ. Ile did not say that they had all embraced it with all their heart-would to God it were so ; but a great point had been gained ; they had given up their former heathenish practices. For the last twenty years there had not been a single case of cannibalism known. The rev. gentleman here related some instances of this horrid practice which had come under his observation when a mis- sionary in New Zealand. We might rest assured that if ithndnot been for missionary operations and the influence of Christianity there would not have been a colony formed in New Zealand; we must thank Christianity for the prosperity to be seen there. Previous to the introduction of the Gospel the natives of New Zealand were dreadful thieves ¡ as soon as any Uritish vessel visited one of their ports before there was time to look round every loose thing on deck was removed in their canoes. But now the natives of New Zealand were as . honest as Europeans. They had also improved in civilization ; they wore excellent farmers, excellent shipbuilders, excellent carpenters-in fact, everything they took in hand they succeeded with. But the missionary was not sent there to promote civilisation or domestic comfort merely ; their object was to save souls, and they had been blessed in so doing. Soma had thought that the Christianised natives might have contributed more towards the mission ; but there had been many things to hinder them. They.had been toldth.it the gospel was offered " without money and without price," and that pas- sage had filled many of them with particular comfort ; their covetousness was worked upon, and hearing that money was contributed for the mission by the English, they told us that wc wanted to put their money into our pockets. Besides which, there was another church in New Zealand which made it a rule to give to every chief that would attend divine wor- ship a fine scarlet lined cloak, and it was an understood thing that after service was over, he should be invited to sit down to a veiy good spread, and the natives liked a good dinner quite as much as Fnglishmen. These were the reasons why the natives did not do more in the way of contributing. How- ever, he saw by the balance sheet that no less than £2100 of our income had come from the mission dis- trict, as much as from the wonderful colony of Vic- toria. Tlie resolution was then put to the meeting, nnd curried unanimously. I The Kev. G-. HUIIST moved the second resolution, I which was as follows : " That this meeting recognising tho urgent and increasing demand for labourers in the diifcrent parts of the mission field oecupied by this Society, especially in Fiji, where tens of thousands ;have recently renounced heathenism, and asked for religious teachers, rejoices that the general committee has made arrangements to send forth ten additional missionaries this year ; four to New Zealand, two to the Friendly Islands, and four to Fiji ; and has also resolved to commence missions to the Chinese in New South Wales and Victoria, and earnestly commends the increasing claims of the society to the liberality of the Oiristian public." The rev. gentleman dwelt at some length on the high object contemplated by Christian missions, and the advantages that would arise if every human being were employed in the work. He illustrated the case hy supposing a family of nine children, eight of whomvvere fortunate and prosperous, and one who was unfortu- nate and reduced to want, but knowing the better circumstances of his brethren, submitted his case to their consideration ; ought they not to express Jhetr sympathy by liberally contributing to his need ? So ave as a part of the great human family were exceed- ingly foitunatc and prosperous, but our brethren the heathens were in the most destitute circumstances, both as to the present life, nnd as to the life to come To spcik of their destitution and miser) we scarcely knew where to commence ihe lcsolution referred to our labours in the liji Islands "\\\ lint a feaiful pictme that part of the world presented until y cr j recen ti j ' Lv cry thing that vv a» degraded an 1 disgusting 1111! cruel w as con ccntratcd tiu.ro O ni j 1 short time ago they would meet not only to mut der awl to m ingle, but to e it each other Hut he was thankful to leam that our missionaries hid done a cr j much tow ards banishing war, cannibalism and vice from these islands though some of the missionaries had informed lum that the I honors to which he had adverted were still found to exist there What must be the fearful degradation of those who fed upon one another' And had not our brethren who weie 111 these circum stances a ti inn upon our sympathies and our help i Die lev gentleman then alluded to India, where moie than two hundred millions of people were sunk in the most revolting superstitions and also to China, the most numerous n ition on the face of the eatth, con sisting of nearly one half of the globe lins spiritual and moral state w ere fearful to contemplate Ile had found, from conversation with one of these people, that their minds were fearfullv dark, without one. glimpse of Divine light or one ray of cheering im niortfd hope Some xcars ago British Methodism Hew to their help 111 their own country, and he was 1 glad to find that Australian Methodism had resolved to help the Chinese both in this colony and in that of Victoria. We were resolved to listen to the application for help, and to send that help which we had at command, and which would prove not merely a palliative but a cure-he meant the gospel of the grace of God. Nothing else would meet the case, but that would. Some had recom- mended the promotion of civilization, but this was beginning at the wrong end. We must plwit Chris- tianity before we could expect civilization to flourish. It was his conscientious belief that true civilization was the product of true religion, and as Christianity was the only true ïdligion now existing in th%¡ world, he believed that true civilisation was a product of Christianity. If civilisation could exist apait from Christianity it could not meet our case-it could not renovate our nature- it could not secure our highest interests, either in this life, or in that which was to come; it was Christianity, and Christianity alone, that could meet the wants of fallen men. The reverend gentleman concluded by referring to the means by which the support required for the missionaries should he raised, instancing the collec- tors and the money boxes, which he hoped "would be as effective as thoy had been heictofore. Mr. A. M'AUTHUR seconded the resolution. Rev. B. Asios, on rising to support the motion, made some humorous allusions to the opinions some of the people of the islands formed of the power and effect of speechmaking by ministers. Thoy did not wish to have them like* dumb dogs, but desired to bear them so bark that they should drive away the fiends of darkness. They had an idea there 'that God Almighty gave the power of speaking to nil those who wore faithful believers of the Holy Word, and that this had been the power of God unto the salvation of many precious souls, and that while Christianity was the means of saving souls, its ministers by the aid of speech went to the foundation of the civilization and renova- tion of societv. Down in the Friendly Islands some of the greatest manifestations of the power of the Gospel had come to his knowledge during their love feasts. All the missionaries there were glad to go to those meetings, where all hearts were warmed, and where some most remarkable facts carno to light as to the power of the Gospel to sustain conversion under very trying circumstances. Before he (Mr. Amos) left, he heard a very extraor- dinary incident related of a man, the son of a chief at Tongataboo, who had not the light of Heaven to guide bim in the way of peace ; but who felt desirous of be- coming a Christian, though there were many hind- rances in his way. At length he made up his mind, and, nt all risks, he embraced the religion of Christ. This brought upon him the ire of his father," and the village was up in arms against him, as having become a traitor to the cause of his country in embracing the religion of their enemies. They said, if he became Christian he must leave the village ; and he was com- pelled to live with strangers for many years for God's sake, like many hundreds of others, who wore driven from their patrimony rather than they would give up the religion that had" saved their souls. His father, however, same time after, waa in a dying state, nbout to enter the unseen world, and the old uncle was in charge of the chieftainship of the village,, his nephew being the rightful successor. The young man was sent for, but he was not informed that before he be- came chief ho must give up his religion; at the time appointed for meeting, however, the whole popula- tion entered with barbed spears, clubs, knives, &J.;, and the old dying father was there like an incarnate fiend. The chieftainship was his son's, and the lands at his disposal by the right of birth, and now they thought their opportunity was come to make these things the handle for inducing him to give up his Christianity. The old uncle and the people said they would have none of the new re- ligion, he must drink from the cup used on such oc- casions as the assumption of the chieftainship, or die. Thoy demanded an answer, and he said he would not drink of the cup or give up his Christianity, but he would die. Such was the people's fierceness on hear- ing this that they jumped up, commenced the war dance, uttering the most horrible yells, levelled their spears, brandished the'r knives, with the intent either to intimidate or kill bim ; but they soon differed among themselves as to the propriety of killing him at once. They went outside to settle the matter, and there arose a tremendous fight, which led them to forget the poor fellow thoy were about to kill. Hither than give up Jesus Christ the young chief left his tribe, but some time after when Christianity had made some progress, he WAS welcomed back as chief ; but there remained two parties, that of the young chief, who was a Wesleyan, and that of his uncle, who said he would never be of the same religion, and was Roman . Catholic. The young chief, for his fidelity and noble integrity, had restored to him the whole lands of his family, and in the village n chapel was erected. This was a noble instance of what Christianity could enable a converted heathen to maintain and sustain, even in spite of all the persecu- tion and hinch anees which are in his way. It had been said that the conversions in the Friendly Islands had been accomplished through the chiefs' influence. But with regard to this, be might say that although they were giatl to get i chief converted, yet they were generally found the greatest obstacles to the conver- sion of their people. The fact was, that men and women who would have given themselves up to' Ga«l and the Saviour had not the moral courage to do so, knowing that the club law of former d lys would be exercised towards them, or that they must become wanderers from their native homes. Their civiliza- tion was the product of Christianity alone, and was a manifestation of what the Gospel could accomplish when preached to a heathen people. Civilisation un- doubtedly had some evils ; but to the people of these islands the missionaries had endeavoured to implant it without its vices. King George, however, seemed to have confused his ideas as to Christianity nndcivilisa tion on his return from a visit to this country. He cer- tainly learned a great deal of valuable information, especially with regard to the self-support of churches ; and he (Mr. Amos) must claim for the Friendly Islands £2000 of the sum subscribed by the heathen converts towards the missionary fund ; but there was ono thing King George did in another way woith noticing, namely, he said to his people that he found the people of this country, whether at their chapels or their houses, dressed altogether like Christians ; but that his people were only half-Christians-that was down to the waist-that they were wanting in trouseis. (Laughter). He said they ought to be wholly Christians, and that all should wear trousers ; now there was not a respectable local preacher in that district who did not wear trousers. As to the inuendoes one of his reverend friends had thrown out relative to the good feasting the chiefs were given by some church who sought converts, he must say that the reverse was the the case with the Wesleyans, for they generally were well received at the tables of the people, who were friends of the missionaries. The rev. gentleman concluded by explaining how the mis- sionaries to the Pacific Islands had been beneficial to this country in a commercial point of view, and urged this as one reason why they should be liberal in sup- port of the cause. The resolution was then put and agreed to unani- mously. A collection then took place. The Rev. A. SALMON moved " That the thanks of this meeting are due and are hereby presented to the General and Executive Committees, to the Ger.er.il Treasurers,, and to the General Secretary, for the valu- able services they have rendered to the socicty in the direction and management of its affairs ; to the parent committee for their liberality in making yearly advances to this society; to those gentlemen who have incurred personal liabilities in the arrangements necessary to meet the society's financial requirements; to the Treasurers and Secretaries of the auxiliary and branch societies ; and to the collectors and contri- butors who have exhibited so practical an interest in maintaining and incrcasmtr the funds of this society." The reve rend gentleman, in speaking to the resolution, congratulated the Wesleyan Church- upon the success of its missionary efforts. He said it was refreshing to them as ministers to hear such glad tidings of salvation from a far land, and see the love of God manifested among those people lately barbarians, after fightin" in this city to do all they could against evil influence with so little fruit. The Rev. J. DAWSON seconded the motion, nnd it was briefly supported by the Rev. W. HCSSEL. The resolution was then put, and passed with unanimity. . The business of the meeting was closed by singing the Doxology and pronouncing a benediction. The contributions to the fund by collections were on Sunday, £30 ; after Mr. Binney's sermons, £51 ; at the present missionary meeting, £27-makins; a total of £111. ° SKVEIIN.-A site has been fixed upon for a village, to be called Severn, at the undermentioned place, and copies of the approved plan have been deposited for public information at the Surveyor-General's office, in Sydney, and at the Police-office, Glen Innes. Severn, situated at the head of the river of that name, about seventy-seven miles from Armidale, on the road leading from that town to Darling Downs. DU.NOOO.-Sir. Henry Gordon has been appointed \ clerk of Petty Sessions at Dungog. 