I . NI£W ZEALAND. v, BY tba Lord Wortley, steamer, «re nerd received Auk. land peprra to July 37tb. ' . The Provincial Connel net ágaío, after adjournment ; on the Soto, when a' abort debate too'c place oh^tba : motion of Mr. Buoklaod, for the production of all cor. respóndenos between the Superintendent and the Gene, ral Government, in reference to the acquisition of land from the natives. The motionweb carried, ' On tho 25th a publio meeting-washeld; the Supérin tmdent in the. chair, for the purpose of presenting Cr. Hoohester, of Korara, with a purBe of. money, for; the ~ purchase of a piece of plate, in testimony of the publio appreciation of his services in tbe geological survey of New Zealand. The purse contaius £150. After: the presentation and address, with a suitable roply-? PAQBA, TUHABRE, a chief of the Ngátiwhatria tribe, who waa surrounded by several of bis fellow-country- men, here stood forward and addressed Dr. Hochstetter ,to the following effect (as interpreted: by .Mr. W. B. Baker) :- :. .., " Friend, I salute you, and ara miioh pleased to meet you here, because T was the first person who addressed the strangers: who' came hither by 'the Novara. last summer. Ii was toldtbat they wera friends of Queen Viotoria, and 'that their objeot in visiting Now Zoaland was to make themselves acquainted with ' the people, and te, examine the features of the country. They found us living in peace. War and dissection > had disappeared from among us, and we submitted to the laws of our Queen. Thus it waB that you were .enabled to travel through tho, length, and ' breadth of the land .without fear of molestation ' or interruption. We re- cognised you as a friand ; we wore i told that yon took a deep interest in our welfare ; and .ia every /place yon found a weloome. But now that yon are going away, let me express my regard for you ; and, aooording to the custom of my ancestors. .1 addross this farewell song to you:-. ' ': ; '.' ' « ! ? :? ?'? " Whilst the misty olouds are rolling - ' . ; ' Bound the peaks of, Taut ari, [ \ . ? -.î \- . Let me weep in silent sadness". . . * . For the loved one torn from me. . * . Friend, whilst thou wert near me dwelling,1 How my heart's love clave unto thee ; .. . . ' : Bat to distont lands thoa goeat, ., ???f Wandering like a ghost of night,; ' r . . .... Vainly did my best affeotioria, Tell.me that thou wert mine own ; .' ( 'r. ' "Arid In midnight dreams I fancied ; : '; * ,: /That we never should bo parted .;, ?.' i r r ¡ j Soon, alas 1 thy form must vanish, < .. ,, Lost in distanoe-Fare thee well.". . , ' 'V Dr. Hochstetter replied to Poora in Maori-of .Which- " his pronunciation was so accurate, that his native'audi tory said they thoroughly understood every, wordi Wo . subjoin an English versi.n:- : . .-,.,r,; ...\;v',.,r, "Friends, T'salùte youl . Friend Paora*, .1 salute yon, the Chief of Ngatiwhatno, who bais ever been the friend . of : the Pakeba. ¡I am muohpleased to meet! you here ; because when our frigate,-tbe ..Novara, ..anchored in-* the waters of ;the Waitemata, y ou were 'the first'of ' your.... race' td weloome the strangers''wfap'were1 visiting' your" : \- country.. Arid how, you stand here to bid faro Veli to me,' to the person who was left behind. ; I also.am'abont to depart ; and then, all those whom you-greeted with 'shouts of welcome, and' the waving'of mats, wilt have passed out of your sight., ',. ,l '"'', . ; " This parting rends 'my heart with sorrow', ' I .' And.overcomes all.other feelings*.'' <';.>.".I I have heard your friendly'expressions; lot it be my ' . duty arid pleasuro to convey them tb my 'friend», who are now far away. Fiiends, the Chiefs of this :plaoe, - and of other plaoes; T salute you. - Here am I, th* only person who remained to :'examine your island; I* haver travelled through tbe country, from tbe West even unto the East. I have" visited Kawhia',, and.-seen.' .Taino] there; I ha.e 'been. ' to Maketu',' on .the .'other coast, to the place where lies the anchor of " Te' Arawa;" ' there were the canoes in which . your ancestors em- barked, when they sailed from.Hawaiki, and landed upon Te Ika a Mani. I have climbed to tho tops of the hill», and have desoended' info tbe valleys; and I have stood at the base of the mountain wbiob lies to the south of ' .Tongariro and of Ruapahu. In all places whither I jour- neyed with my companions, our ears heard the friendly . greeting, " Weloome I Welcome to tbs Strangers 1 Wel- oome I" The whare punt were prepared for na, that wo might sleep in warmth and comfort; the wivés and daughters of the Chiefs spread before us 'the food mott" prized by the Maori. And my sight was dimmed/wheOr . looking back, I saw the.smoko of your dwellings .fillip, pear behind the ranges of. the interior. Friends I it ia well that I see you standing before me ; but others, oar ' mutual friends, are dwelling at their homes' When yon meet theohiefs of Waikato, of Mokau, and of Whanganni ¡ ? tell them that I. still bear them in remembrance.. TeU the Cbiefa of Whaingaroa, of Aotea, of Kawhia, of Tau- ranga, of Maketu ; tell the men of Taupo, of Tarawera, of Boto Iti, of Botorua ;-let them all know ' how my , heart rejoiced.when I saw them living in health, and en«. . joying the blessings of peace,' in their village». . I have seen the Pakeba and the. Maori dwelling together aa brethren, hav ng on God, one Christ, one Law, and one administration of Justioe; being subjects together of one Queen. You have embraced Christianity-hold it fast ; teak after . .those things of the Pakeba which will improve, your condition, that ye ' may Hr« .' happily, and' enjoy the blessings of civilisation in tbit beautiful and pleasant island. Theta »ro- my farewell words to the Chiefs of New Zealand. So long as the vapor eddieB round the summit of Whaka ' ari ; to long as riseB the steam of Ngauruhoe in a blond piercing column ; so long as tho waters of Te Tarata and Otukapuarangi descend into Botomabana; to long'aa the taored fire from Hawaiki burua on Tongariro;¡ ap long will I remember them. Farewell,, ray friends!'dwell peacefully in your homes. And. when l am' far away,' remember me, even asl also will ever remember you. The native'guests, at the close of tibia address,"shook bands, with Dr. Hochstetter, and .thanked him for bia friendly farewell words. A coronet's inquost was held at the Metropolitan Hotel, on July 23rd, on the body of Thomas Maddison1, who, while engaged on tho same 'afternoon wiih two others in laying' out an additional anchor for the security of the outter Clyde,, moored off the Queen street Wharf, was unfortunately submerged in the water by the filling of tho dingy. ..The verdict returned:wtB accidental death by drowning.-JNeto Zealander. ' ' '". i FIRES.-It is .with much regret we aro called to record two deatruotive fires which took plaoe last week , in our agricultural districts, and by which much produce and valuable property have boen swept away. The first fire occurred at Mr. W. Thorburn'* at tbe Wado, at 3 a.m. . on the morning of tbe 15th, when ' ari out-hous'e con- ' taining grass-seed, s¿od potatoes, sundry implement», boat Isaila, and a four months' eálf werb consumed. The value of the property dostroypd is estimated at £60, which.waB uninsured; Tbe other fire was that of the spacious and well known barn, on the farm in the occu- pation of Mr. James Burnett, by Messrs. Henderson and Maofarlane's saw-mill. This barn, whioh" was ono ot the largest and most complete , in the' province,,'where barna are too muoh of à rarity, was 100 feot in length ' by 44 feet in. width, and with its .various outside offices, . fiuoh as - dairy, - stables, ' and - the like, might well be considered' as an . establishment in itself. At the time of tho fire,-which took placo on Tuesday the 10th, between 0 and 6 o'clock,-and whioh ia supposed to have been caused by tho reprehensible praotioe of smoking in suoh perilous places,' a man being engaged outting chaff for the horses-the build Jog contained bats, potatoes, machinery, tools, and dairy utensils, the whole being of the estimated value of abr.ut £000, rio portion of wbiohis insured. The horBet were laved with difficulty.-New Zealander. TUB TOWNSHIP OF EIXEÍIBLIE.-The township was sold by auotion on the 30th July, by Mr. Alfred Buck- land, at Messrs.-"Henderson and MoFarlane's stores. The number bf tores sold was 77, and the gross amount realisod £3353. TbiB township is situated on tba northern bide or tho Otahuhu road, immediately above its junotion with tho road, to Panmure.. It was sub divided into a largo number of allotments', of'whioh those having frontages to tho. Great South, and the roads traverm'ug tho property, contained about a quarter tore eaoh. Those sold at tho highest pn'oos. The oorner allotment, next to tho " Harp of Erin," running baok 234 links, sold at 36s. per foot frontage. The other lots, fronting the B.me' road, 'told at from 8s. per foot upwards. Baak lots sold at (rom 3s. 3d. to 10s. per foot.-, Southern Crois. - , QUAND BENEFIT ON BEHALF OF THE FAMILY OB- TUB LATE li. H. IIAVENU, Esq.-Wo ore pleased to find that tho bUggoBtion made in our columns yesterday as to an appropriate mode of ' expressing" tho sympathy of tho ' publio ' for ? tho family ' of the late Mr. Lavonu, has met with a ready response. A prlvato meeting of tho friends of the lamented artist was held .yesterday, at whioh the managers of the Prinoo of Walos and Boyal Victoria Theatres .were prosent, and unbesi. tatingly offered the absolute use of their rospeotlre establishments for the production of two grand musical onterainmonta for tho -benefit of the family of tba deoeased gontloman. A publie meeting will he held at Mr. Clark's Assembly Rooms, Elluaboth-stroot .North, at. tkreo. o'olook. this afternoon, fer the purpose of forming a committee to carry out tho arrangements. It needB no further romatks on our part to exolte publio enthusiasm in so good a,'cause j tho latente of the deoeased artist, and his truly kind nature, have gained him suah a host of friends, that we aro con- vinced tho theatres will bo crowded by audionoes largor than those ever witnessed at these bomas, 