The Government organ, in its summary for England yesterday, has mado some of the most ' astounding revelations' that ever gladdened tho heart of a penny-a- liner on tho one hand or a scandal-loving reader on the other. Tliero has been nothing equal to it in the history of tho colonial press. The other Government organ treated us last week to some ' revelations on tlie .Education ques tion ; but his ingenuity, brilliant as it un doubtedly is, has been completely thrown into the shade by the following ' stunner,' as the boys say : — (Fronv the Argus, May 16.) The head quarters of this BASJi and SELFISH Opposition conspiracy is the office of the Constitu tional Society — a society nominally formed for the purpose of protecting our Constitution, which has not been attacked or even threatened from . any quarter. Its real ol.juols, however, as well as the elastic charac ter of the political principles of its membors, may bo inferrod from the following circumstanco, which is ro parted on good authority. At a meeting of the so ciety,, soma timo ago, it is said to have I een proposed and seconded, that the Secretary should be directed to write a pamphlet for tho puxpoae of influencing public opinion prior to the general elections. Of this pamphlet it was suggested that there should be va rious editions, the political views of each of which should be adapted to tha various quarters of the colony in which it was intended to bo circulated. Protection principles find favor in the agricultural dis 'tricts near Geelong, and the Geelong edition was ac cordingly lo be Protectionist in tone. - Melbourne was to have a ?free-trade edition, while the mining districts were to have an edition of their own, in which the navn.intiiLiit. im.nnrlanM nf mrnina i.ntrvfinlfi ?tart a in h* advocated. But the main' feature of ths pamphlet, which was to be common to all the editions, was to he a narrative — we need not add, A SCURRILOUS NA1UIA.TIVE — 6] the life of each member of the Government, embelli'hed with every circunntance that could engender feelings of hatred and contempt for the subject of the biography. This proposal, which mi'ht have fitly emanated from a committee of HOLYWELL STAKE I' rRINTSELLEUS, would, we believo, have beeu adopted, had not one leading member of the Opposition retained a sufficient regard lor his personal honor to denounce the project, with indignation, and to quit THE DISREPUTABLE SOCIETY by which it had been received with tole ration. Since that time this body has been engaged in collecting funds, to be employed at ths approach ing elections, it is presumed, in TKli PBP.UHASK OP VOTES. Subscriptions have poured in on all side* from THK SQUATTERS, whose solo object lias been for some time past to delay legislation on the Land question r by embarrassing aud defeating every Government in succession that attempts to deal with it. The sum already collected is said to amount to upwards of £15,000, aud, considering the apathy of the public (intending settlers excepted) upon this vital subject, there is every reason to fear that tho interests of a united class may continue for a long timo to come to prevail over those of a disunited commuuity. 'Did you ever?'... Not for a moment doubting that our truth-loving and most re spectable contemporary had (as in tho case of his attack upon Mr Ebden, his attack upon Mr Dalaiaiioy Campbell and the directors of tho National Bank, his attack upon Messrs ICaye and Butciiaut and Ihe cattle salesmen) in quired into tbo truth of his statements before milking them, wo determined to drag these mis creants to light — a step wlncli our coQtem pora.ry evidently lacked courago to take ; and, on. inquiry, wo find that this ' committee of H cly well street print-sellers' consisted, at tho ti'tue referred to, of the following gentle n ion : — Charles Hotson Ebden, Esq. William Montgomery Bell, Esq. William Nicholson, Esq. A. Micqie, Esq. J. C. King, Esq. A. F. A. Greeves, Esq. . James Service, Esq. Travers Adamson, Esq. John Downes Owens, Esq. Of these, none have left except John Di ywNEs Owens, Esq., who was Secretary of tl io Association, so that bo must be ' the If :ading member of the Opposition wlio rc fc ained a sufficient regard for his personal ) ionor to denounce the project with indigna- ' tion, and to quit the disreputable society by which it had been received with toleration.' 'We do not dispute the justice of this flatter ing estimate, Oil the contrary, we are happy to see that our worthy friend is beginning to be properly appreciated iu quarters wliero he has hitherto beeu described as a sort of political ragamuffin — wo need not say, how unjustly. Wo have further learned that, with the exception of -Dr Owens, this ' Holywell street Committee '' consists still of the gen tlemen abovo enumerated. It is lamentable, but true. Wo leavo them to their fate. The Solicitor-General will, no doubt, feel it to bo his duty, for tho pro tection of public morals and public decency, ' to subject them to a criminal prosecution. Regan has escaped ; but it would be awful if these Holywell street miscreants escaped 'likewise. Public indignation demands their punishment, and far be it from us to say a word in their favor. But it is quite clear to us that the whole truth is not out ! Such a ' base conspiracy' is not to bo thus summarily disposed of in an obscure and cowardly corner of a sum inarv for Encland. There is. no doubt. more in it than ' meets tho eye.' And who so likely to unmask all the ramifications of this ' conspiracy' as the hundrod-eyed guar dian of public and private character ? Another thing wo suggest in this emergency. 'Why has the retiring Secretary not been examined ? Why has ho not vo luntarily come forward and denounced these conspirators ? He must havo ' more reve lations' in storo for us than he chose to divulge at Bendigo ; and, however painful it may bo to his feelings to turn Queen's evi dence, it is importaut, and, in fact, indis pensable, that ho should tell all that he j knows. Ho owes this to himself and to the public. Ho will assuredly lose the high cha racter now justly ascribed to him, if lie stands upon any delicacy of feeling in a matter of this description. Wo write in plain, dead, earnest. We are neither insinuating ono thing nor another. It is no affair of ours. We are indeed chagrined that, while generally forestalling our contemporaries in regard to news, we should have been ignorant, in this instance, of what is apparently so well known to others. But we throw that feeling aside in order to bring the offenders to justice ; and we cordially unite with our contemporary in effecting this object. Our contemporary has discovered and detailed tho ' conspiracy' — we have discovered and detailed the con spirators. We havo also indicated an impor tant source of information ; and we think that tho public will unite with a united press in having the matter fully and fairly brought to light. We, therefore, await tho exSecre tary's ' revelations' with much anxiety. The most startling piece of intelligence brought by tho last mail has been entirely overlooked. Ah ! What is that 1 Aye, in deed, what is it ? You are guessing : but your guess is quite astray — it is not one of the things you are thinking of. It is not Louis Napoleon's terrific moustache (pleasantly com mented upon by Leigh Hunt in the Spectator), nor is it liis more terrific spur-clatteringa aad ingenious manoeuvres to plethorise his privy purse by every now and then unsettling tho nerves of sensitive fundholders — it is not the dodges of Minister Dizzy, or of ex-Minister ?Pam — nor tho labor of Times and Moniteur, each endeavoring, in its own way, to prove that the what is is best — or of palavering Paris conferences and plenipotentiaries endeavoring . to push tho is'nt as far off as possible. Neither doas it apportain to sensible and silver tongued Gladstone's foolish mission to bring ' the seven islands' to their seven senses, a task, by the bye, moro suited to 'horse- taming Trojans' than to scholarly dan cers of tho Romaika in Homeric hexa meters ! What have tho divers elaborate Mrs Partington and Mother Guondy schemes, philanthropic or misanthropic, to do with it — whether they mean a coaxing of the Kthiop to discard his duskiness, or an embank ing and channelling in of the strong current of curious coming eyonts, with reams of well inked foolscap ? Even broad-brimmed Brioht's brilliant speeches (and there is ' gravel' as well as glitter in thorn), are beside the question. What are all these things, and a hundred more of prominence, which the old world mails of yesterday, and of the day before, and of the day before again, tell us about — what are they but mere ephemera, ' shadows passing over the grass,'1 in comparison with one little announce ment of a certain Horse Guards secret just como to light — viz., ' Armstrong's gun V' Armstrong's gun — what it is, and what it amounts to 1 The mail is explicit on the first point. The thing has been accepted and ap provedby F. M. the generalissimo and his assis tant Va.ubans in Westminster, and is to be forthwith put in recognised trim as a military power. Two at least of tho great nations of the Continent are said to be in ownership of inventions of similar and tantamount capacity for defence and destractiveness, and the result is, as the advices truly say, that warfare is about to bo revolutionised over afresh, and this time on a more tremendous and compre hensive scale thau even at tho original intro duction of ' villainous saltpetro ' ! To depict the potency of this new volcanic device, the official intelligence states that at 1000 yards ' it ?hits its object every time in fifty-seven, a com mon cannon in that number of dis charges hitting only once ' ; while at 3000 yards, or nearly two miles, its precision is also something miraculous. It is, moreover, a mero bagatelle in weight, com pared with present ordnance. By its means tho dastructiveness of artillery will at once be multiplied fifcy fold. But terrible as is this new weapon of war, it is only the pioneer of something more astounding s ill. The cocked hats of belligerent science confidently calculate that by increasing its sizo and power three or four fold, it will be quite possible to overturn fortresses, and sweep armies from tho face of the earth, at eight or ten miles distanca ! Tho resources of punctuation fail to let ono draw his breath after Eueh a reflection as this — it necessitates a new paragraph. Scattering an army or an annada a dozen miles oft', as you would popper a covey of partridge at a dozen yaids! Knocking over tho ScLastopolp, and Coniorus, and other ' iuipiegnabks ' of contemporary military engineering, just as you would a band-box with a snowball ! Ghosts of the .Great Captains, Shades of Macedonian Phalanxes, Roman Legions, and British Grena diers, what is the world coming to at all ! Is your occupation solong going, going, fairly gone at last — about to he transferred to a smutty Beu.ona of saltpetre, who may kill a host of heroes a day's journey away, without as much as scorching her oyebrevv 1 Evil was the day for paladins of spear and bayonet and broadsword, when you, Rooer Bacon, audacious Paul Pry in alchemic diablerie, rovealcd that discovery of-gunpowder, previously hid in tho Celestial Empire — in that central, flowery, and tea-leafy land where souchong-sipping Chinese would never have mado any terrible use of it. Why did you not let it remain in Tartary or Tartarus, instead of dragging the Cerberus to upper earth in restless Europe ? Has tho pro phetic hour struck at last ? A deeper shadow was on the soul of Pierre Bayard be Terrail I when he predicted that ' gunpowder would bo tho grave of valor' — sadder and deeper than whonhe lay a dying man, with his back against that treo on tho battle-field of the Sesia. Tho j grave of valor truly, when it sent him his death billet — he, the bravest of tho brave— -'le Ion ihevalier , sans pear et suns reproche /' And is the propheey indoed about to be fulfilled in tho senso he meant it 1 13 ' long shot,' after only menacing that result for centuries, at last really about to make manhood a superfluity on th e red field of war 1 Aro Armstrong's gun an d the cognate inventions which it is stated aro in the hands of France and of Prussia, to bo tho means of consigning the sword to the muBeum and the antiquarian's shelf, only to take it3 place themselves — implements of battle moro destructive and le3s chivalrous 1 If so, then thero will be something more than a mere sceno shifting or discarding of old 'stage properties' in the theatre of history. Tho fascination of martial individua lity — the exploits of personal prowess — tho noighing of the war-horse, tho clash of steel, and that ' fierce joy of battle,' which tho chronicler has said 'intoxicates like wine,' will all be blown away in tho smoke of this new ordnance. The 'pride and pomp and circumstanco ' of fiery-eyed Mars will depart with them — and must not that, deity, then, whom under one name or other all nations in heathen days worshipped in their temples, and whom so many of them still worship in their hearts, bo condemned to decline to the dignity of a mere butcher, who slays without risk to himself?-— a mere Jack Ketch, or .Cal craft — | ' One who doth murder for a dole ' ? Any change that will tand to bring war into disrepute will achieve more for the objects of the Peace '^Society than all the sermons ever preached on tho wickedness of hard knocks. If it is primed and loaded, therefore, with even, one-half of the revolutionary effects we havo alluded to, Armstrong's gun, however nasty its immediate influence, may in tho Ion g 'run be a good sort of thing after all. Who knows but that its thunders may he yet used as a feu de joie to inaugurato the millennium ! With such prospects, shady and Bunny, in yiew, the first sounds of this giant's voice will be a tremendous shock to the nerves of romanco aud poetry ; but they will gladden the heart of the merchant among his bale3, and tho man of share3 aud bulli.on over his arithmetic. Will not all those warrior souls whose deeds from timo immemorial afforded the spirit stirring themo and pabulum of bards and fictionist3 and of the martially picturesque — will they not bo sent to tho right ! about from tbo future arena of tha world's action ? We see them already in our mind's eye packing up their portmanteaus, or as we suppose some horrid commentator on their departure will yet profanely express it — ' humping their swags' for the melancholy Exodus! There they pass before us, a long and varied train : — 41 Heroes of history, phantoms of fub!c, Charlcmagae'fl champions und Aithur's lloTjnU Table.' Red-cross knight3 and troubadours, swarthy with the sun that gleams on saored Jordan, and afoot this time in sober earnestness to hang their harps 'on the willow tree'! The men who fought at .Thermopylte, and the men who fought at Balaklava — the three hundred and the six hun dred. Tho 8cythemen of Kosciusko, and the turbanned clansmen of Abd-el-Kader. Tho Cid is there, despair at last on his bold brow ; and ' the Little Corporal ' with shaking hand, is taking out a pocket- handkerchief. The Black Prince frowns as he never frowned on French foeman, and William Tell looks back on human nature as if it was ?' all G^ssler ' as well as vanity and vexation ! The Iron Duke lets fall a silent tear, aud Czar Nicholas droops his tall figure till it is no bigger than a gooseberry bush. Why should Leonidas re turn to a world where he might bo set to drill mangold- wurzel in lieu of Lacedemonians ; or Gustavos Adolphus, when it might be his lot to have an interest in ' Swedes ' of quite a different description from those ho had with him at Lutzen 1 It is a tremendous stride, truly, from Mars to Trip tolemus — from heroism to green-grocery — and tho world is fast making it. If we happened to have Horatius Coclf.s among us to-morrow, it is as a toll-taker ho would bo probably set to keep that celebrated bridge where he mado his body tho bulwark of Rome ! Tho world is changed, and wo have undergone metamorphosis with it. Politicians aro yabbering away in tho old styled and if we look exclusively to fcho poli tical arena, wc should say that the ivorld is going backward— going, verily, to perdition. But wlion wo look beyond tho squabbles of party and realise the achievements of science, we are forced to recognise this as the §ra of change, and, we hope, of progress. 'Tha Ministry have thrown me overboard,' said a disappointed politician ; ' but I've strength Otfgh to bw.w to the other side.' 