C L. .. , EePAS" ,k mos?! A GnoiYl -In doys 1on9 since .-pa?hd the word "hoset" was sufficient to t ifya whole community ; but through the .hltnoiou of soudnd .uqeful knowledge, those :dreaded and vapoury pisitors hIave gradually •departdl from our mhlndane sphere. Occa sionnlly our senses are aroused by a stonrtling' nnoioincement in the newspapers of somen modern Ghost Story, and nfter its p.rusal, instead of feeling tearified nod aowve struck, we find ourselves indulging in to immoderate fit of luglhter. It happened on a stormy and toempostuous night las i wekI. the wind was hocvlig in fitful Bgusts, and the rain canme tliorin"g agAinst the window, of a small cot tge,g situated in a certain striet in Mudgee, wherein were sitting, around h blazing fire, a family of the name of -. One of them was rending from a newspnpe' a terrible tale of some ghostly visitor, who had (in a imnnuar which ghosts only ktro howv) made some unearthly noises, and causad the doors of a house to ily open and shat with terrific bangs. The voice of the reaer wlas low and tremulous, showing that his mind was pos iteded with fear through the (to him) :sidtrtling tale he was reading. All tales have an elid, and so had this; bet the fearfnl im pression could not be shaken off tie mind of the reader, whom we shell call Timothy. Now Timnothly is n tradesman, and hap, to conmmence work every morning very early. Well on the morning of this greitt nnd fearfoll episode of his life, Tim narose bolat six o'clock; creeping gently from his b droom, with the startling ghost tale of the previous ovening deeply impressed upon his memory, lie s'rted from his homeo, care filly shutting the door after him, whlich fas teneid writh a sprlig lock. Good master Tin had not aroceedei fitr on his joerney before he fi)nid, to his utter astonishniment, that lie had.forgotten his hat, havilng left it ulpeon the table. He had therefore to retrace his steps. Timothy soon arrived at his cottage door, d'd tblt nlode of entrine being securely fostenedi inside, lie ihad recourse to anothter; that was admnissiin by tlhe windlow, ill prle feryiceo to rousing the other inmates of tilhe cot. The window, which was slightly flus tened, was ea-ily roised; .Tim gained an enitrance, iand cautiously felt his way to the tihle; but sonmehow or otlher (fr tim most cautious meet with mishisp) lie nmade a slight noise with otne of ithe chairs, sllficient to prouse his respected papa fromT his mnorning aleep, who instantly sat bolt upright in his bed, his tasselled night cap reaehling to tile topl of his eyebrows. The good old gentlemnn sat listeniag wvitlh tralininog eye bulls, striving to catch the les.ot suspicioll saIiiiind, until he bud a bfearftiul conviction tlhat tllere were thieves in the house, and being a bold man, he quietly crept out of bal, with the intention of pouncing lopn the scatnps; ste?lthily, inch by inch, he crept towards tbhe door of thile room, whein one of the floor boards "creaked fearfillly." The noise instantly attracted tli attention of Muster T'im, and lookiing in tile directiin of the counll, to his astonishment ind horror, lie saw what his imnginlition instatiily pour tireved to bili as the fearfuill and IIlmysterioui viltoro of the banunted house in the tale of toer ror of the previous evening. With a screech and a bound Tim flow out of the door, and ran vitf a heandnll g speil down tile road slhoeting j Ohbost! A Ghost Mull'dPer! Murder?! (lId- , feeling convincedl tile intruder wis t thief, instantly darted out after his son, vl!onting I'11 Coatclh Yon! I'11 Catchl You! Theh rminu now becamte quite exciting, the pur su etind purneed runningf with extraordinary s)Ped;',Tim every now and then casting a look of terror behind hibl, and 'liin's thtlher withi nigbtcenp on, and the tail of his shirt flyiug in tile win , panting with brethiless Ilhaste after tile silpposed hurglar ; how lonr they might haIve kept on rtunning of cour ei- waq implossi ble to say; buit one of our midnig'ht gaordians trnimng the oi'ner of Malrket-street, recelived both titherl and son in his arms, wlhen or citirse the denouement tookl place. - Mfudgue .'.rsouamper. DIABOLICAL MURDER AT KENTUCKY.— In the beginning of the week a report was current that the decapitated body of a man, with the head lying some distance off, had been found on Kentucky Station. Captain Scott immediately proceeded to the spot, and found the information to be correct. Accord ingly, on Thursday last, 19th, an inquest was held at the nearest out-station, before Dr. Markham, coroner, and a jury of four, touch ing the death of David James Edwards, a one-armed man, who had been employed on the station as a shepherd. The witnesses were Christian Grant, J. B. West, M.D., and Alextander Grant. It appears from the evi dence that deceased left the out-station on Monday morning last, with his flock, and in the evening his flock retuned without him. Next morning Grant, who is a shepherd on the same out-station, went in search, but finding no trace of deceased, and supposing he had gone to the public-house, about two miles off, and got drunk, he proceeded to the head station, and reported his absence. Sub sequently, about ten a.m., whilst shepherding deceased's flock, he discovered his headless body in the bush, about half a mile from the hut. He then returned and took other men to the spot, who found the head about sixty yards from the spot (where it was probably removed by the dogs). The skull in front was broken, as if by a blow from some blunt instrument ; the head, which had apparently been severed from the body by a sharp knife and an axe or a tomahawk, was eaten in the soft parts, as if by dogs, and within the skin of the neck the body was similarly mutilated. The blow on the skull was sufficient to cause death. Grant, it appears, had a stranger, calling himself Tom, employed for a week to dig potatoes for him, and one day Tom asked Grant if deceased had much money, and if so did he keep it on his person, or where. This Tom left on Friday morning last. About three weeks before the inquest, deceased, in Mrs. Grant's presence, requested Mr. Owen to change a £10 note for him; but Mr. Owen had not change, and deceased asked Mrs. Grant to tie up his pocket book for him. The jury returned a verdict—" That the de ceased was murdered by some person or pers sons as yet not known." We understand that the police have hopes of apprehending Tom shortly. He is said to be a person who has had some experience in California and Victoria.—Armidale Express. S?unrous ACCIrDerNT.- A miner named Eldward, engagedil in catting a tail race near 'Twist'a Hotel, was eeriously injured last week while drilling out a damp charge, which aRd denly exploded, and ehattered his hand so friglhtfiallv that he had to be conveyed to tihe Beechworth Hospitnl, where he now lies in a precarious state.-Constitution. 'TllE INorato.-The polpulation on the In ligo has suiftred considerablelo diminution. According to the latest census taken by the rpolice, it is not mnore than 8890, of whom 2(52 oro men, 530 wome?n, and 691 children. This eiludres New Ballaralt.- Constlitution. NEW BANKING IlouseS.-We are glad to oee that thie Amsoarlian Joint Stock Bank is about to colmmnnce the erection of their new bankilag.house in West Maitland, having called tir tenders.-It is runoured that the Bank of New South Wales have purchased tihe vacant ground adjoining Mr. Capper!'s stores as a site for a new banking-house. Maitland Mercury. Tun LA.Te Rev. G. K. Ru?seoe;--We hear with polasure, that the parishioners of tlio late Rev. G. K. Rhiden, of St. Peter's ERast Maitland, are about erecting a tablet to his memory, to be placed in the church ; already upwards of sixty Ipounds has been collected for that pm.pose.--lbid. VINEYARD CoPAN Y.-nMr.. Joh1 Sanger, of the WagmonIIg Plains Station, is making extensivt irelrlotations, to plant a vineyard on a largeo scale, at Corows, on the Murray, about thirty miles below Albury. Some suitable land has been purchased, and we understand that Germaln fitmnilies will he brought from Eurlop to superintend thie vineynards. We are informed that three vineyard sites at Corown have already been let on lease by Mr. Sunger, to Germans in this district, who will be sulpplied with the requisito capital to commence operations. Several of our squat ting capitalists are about to invest largely in the undertaking; but we learn that until the vineyard is in full operation, it is not intended to throee the shares open to the public. From the well-known energy of Mr. Sanger we feel convinced that success is certain to attend the scheme.-.Border Post. A VICTORIAN CLERGYMAN SHOT IN TAS- MANIA.—On Friday last, John McGinlay, Arthur Porter, Michael Ryan, and Michael Rowe, four desperate scoundrels, absconded from the gang employed on the swamps, saying as they went off, "We mean it; " what ever they may mean, being interpreted, we presume it means murder and robbery. Since they took leave of their late companions in this way, many rumours have reached us of travellers having been stopped and robbed of small sums, in different directions. Several cases have occurred on the banks of the west Tamar and elsewhere. Yesterday morning information reached town to the effect that the Rev. Mr. Taggart, a young clergyman from Victoria, who had temporarily exchanged pul- pits with the Rev. Robert Russell, had been shot by bushrangers on Monday. The infor- mation, discredited at first, was but too true. Mr. Taggart was riding somewhere near Lo- gan Falls, when he observed a man bailed up against a tree, and an armed bushranger searching him. He did not consider it safe or necessary to interfere, and was riding away, when the murderous villain raised his gun, took deliberate aim, fired, and wounded Mr. Taggart in the hand and thigh ; the horse shied, and Mr. Taggart was thrown to the ground. The bushranger then came up caught the horse, and rode off at full speed towards Ben Lomond. Mr. Taggart was removed to the residence of Mr. Ralston, where we believe, he now remains. We have been informed that the young men of the Longford and Evandale Mutual Protec- tion Society promptly mustered to the num- her of 150—most of them mounted—all well armed, and dividing into parties, proceeded in every direction in search of the wretch who had made so wanton and murderous an attack upon an inoffensive visitor to the colony. We have also heard it stated that the bushranger met with Mr. Ralston's shepherd afterwards, and sold him the double-blarreled gun with which it is believed he shot at Mr. Taggart.— Cornwall Chronicle. 