CLERICAL NONCONFORMITY. CONSCIENTIOUS CLERICAL NONCONFOR MITY: a discourse, delivered at Chadwell-street Chapel, Penton ville, on Monday, April 15, 1830, on occasion of its re-opening, for the use of Ridley H. Hersachell, a con verted Jew: by THOMAS BINNEY. (Concluded from "Launceston Examiner,' March 10.) V. ANXIETY, DOUBT, FEAR, DECISION. "These Canons, offices, and acts,"-we suppose him - to say-"these Canons, offices, and acts, if I conceive of them aright, appear to involve the three follow ing things:-Ecclesiastical exclusiveness - sacerdotal pretensions, and spiritual re generation as occurring in baptism. My impression is, that, as a clergyman, I must sanction the first in the act of subscription; realize the second perpetually in myself; and affirm the third, in so many words-in words directly addressed to God. I may certainly be mistaken. I may be mis taken as to the meaning of the formula ries; or I may be mistaken in my views of evangelical truth. Right in my inter pretation of the terms of subscription, and the language of the offices, the terms and the language may be right too. It may be right to be in spirit as exclusive as the Canons; it may be right to pretend to what appears to be claimed by both Presbyter and Prelate: and it may be positively true that God in baptism does regenerate by the HIoly Ghost. If so, and if sincerely, and 'from my soul,' believe all this, I can take orders. If not, what am I to do? "I dto not believe. If I am right int my interpretation of tllree things lying before me, they are wrong. I regard them as unscrliptural. I deem them dangerous They who think otherwise-and there are manyuchll--can have no dillicultis. Thleir path is plain With l ' good conscience,' they can call 'God for a record upon their souls,' tilat they approve all they assent to in subscripltion, and believe all that they address to licm. I cannot do this. Still I may be wrong-wrong in my interpreta tilon of the Cations and offices. The sense of both may be different fiom what they appear' to nme to soly; anti if so, and if I couhl be sure of tiis, then I could sub scribe, without feeling thaint I had either incurred the Divine displeasure, or for ever forfeited my own respect. Blit I wist be sure of it. I most be free from misgivings. ' Whosoever douhteth is con dcllened if he eat, ,ecause he enteth not of faith (of the full and satisfied persuasion of the mind) : fr whatsoever is not of faith (the offspring of such persuasion), is silt.' "I wish I could be sure that the real meaninlg of whalllt at present connfronts me, is altogether different froml what it appears. 'llis would etffctually stooth my path, because it would fully satisfy my consciecce. I might perhtaps be brought to regard the Canons with little concern. It is said tley were never ratified by Parliament. It is also said, however, that without this, they Iter upon nud bind the clerical body, because they received the Royal sanction -the s:anction and approval of that authority, which is acknowledged iin subscription as sulpreme by itself in spiritual things. Still, acts of Parlin tlellt many Iave since passed, and passed of course with the Kiiig' concurrence, whlich have altered the law in relation to the parties, or in relation to somle of them, whose excotmmunicietion wasoslce approved: anti, y suclh aInws, have not tho Canons lost their original rigor ? Perhaps Yet \- I don't know. This I know, that there are cases in wllich what would be legally wrotng would,o ecclesiastically rightl, ipp in thIt oft the ndtlnission into the pulpits of the Establishlment of Scotch aind Amelican Epiacopalians. It may ie, tlherefore, that other thliga legally righbt tiny hecntonicilly wrong. Parliaments lmaly have eicicited what tie churclh dare not acknowleilge or accept. But if not--how fatr ave such relnxing enacrtments proceedled ? Ilow many have there been ? \\\'lere are they to he met with ? \'ihat is the extent tnd and limit of the liberty they ihave conferred upon Clurchmtu ? Alter subscribing, could I, or could I not, acknowledge the church-stnte, the ministry,the sacralnents, of the torthtern Establishincllts If I could legally, bIcause it is ai Establitsh iient-could I canonically, since it is Presbyteriant ? Could I acknowleldge any nlinor Christian comintnletiesP Durst I Ibelieve or onght I to profess it, if I did believe-or conil I consistently profess it, if I did so-that Independthit, lBllttist, Meithodist teachers, are ministers of Christ, or anly suchl society a church of God ? Whatever might be my private oilnioln, could I recognise'in John Howe, ltathlew I-enry, Dr. 'Watts, Rolbert I:u11, or in any such, living or dead time really ministers \- having a valid right to plrealch tie Gos. pel, anld dispelnse the ordinances? I fear not. But even if it were inot so-even if exclusiveness is not to ibe professed, and need not tihe defeuded-if tay heart may be free from the necessity of narrowness, still I must act on the repudiatedt principle. My hands, and mty feet, and my tongue, must te bound. As a clergyman, I could have public ministerial communuiot in the services of the church, with none but memhtrs of my own order. Any ono of them I might legnlly and canonilanlly admit into mliy pulpit, wlntever his character, or whatever Iis creed ; all others I iimust treat as inthruders nmolig holy things, tlhough each of tliem, in fact, were as pure, as a sernlph, or as sound as an apostle. Milny, I know, do not feel this. They think it right. Tlhey hlonestly believo nll It imtliies Presbyteri:an, Intdelpendent, mIetliodist ministers, are really accounted by them presumptuous pretenders, of the sacred office. Instead, therefore of wishingti to encourage or countenance an enormity like this, they ffirmt and think. that Church ment ought, as a dity, religiously to guald tile *great gulph' betweens others ntid themselves, and to deemt it nt once is Impossille i itself, and Iaspelfectly agree tble to tile will of God, ns tha:t wvlichi dllviled the richi mani and Lanzarus Be it so. 'these ient ianve their opliniolls, nod thoy liauce a rigt to luhave Ihem. It Iecrtiles me to think tihat tiey were perfectly con scientions iiin anllolotig tIeln nt first, antll are sincere in Ilrofessilg and aIherilllg to ttheti still. .uit these opinions are inot mite. I Ianve o it symitnatyh witll what I consider thlir pretension nod intoleranlice, ntd I sbrilik from a statilu in woitch I IiUstt act as if Ilalntl. "As to absolutioll (publin nd private), I do inot see wllnt can be said. ithe Inn pliage of tihe hisitlp itn ordninilg n priesct- the Inaiguage of the priest to time tlrcsthath Ilenitent--ite abitietnce of thie deacot homi a partliular part of thie hutinbi er' vic-t-aud thl bbsteaenoc of the bishop frorm oaldoning hidn with a 'singular ntid awful gift and thus fitting him ttar fulfilling the fundtion in question-all thlis c?n only be accoaited for, as it seems to me, oni the priuciple of admitting secerdo hll pretensions. It may he urged, indeed, that my life may pass without my ever being required to rend the form of absolu tion for the dying. But tills does not meet my diiculty. The form in public wor ship is not only left unaffected by this rir. llanstance; but my subscription is to be, not merely to what I may read oat of the Prayer Book, but to every jot and tittle that is iri it. I do not believe in any priestly charanter as belonging to the minis. ters of the New Covenant. I reject the idea of ofiialt absolution. What is merely deelaratory-a simple statement that God through Chirist pardons and absolves all who repent; why, as a statement, this might bIe rade by any nlldividual; its power is in its truth, and its truth is in dependent of the lips that utter it. The absolution of the Church of Englanud is not this, It is something more-something Inmneuseoly more; something partaking of a mysti challnracter, and therefore reserved to be spoken with ' authority' by one who has bIeen qualified by a mystic gift. He tllat call believe that it is not this, let him he lieve it; Ihe may conform, though he thinks as I tido o tile geleral truth. He who believes that it is tits, and that thlis it ought to he-he too may couloral, because inl subscripiion lie would not have to sign1 what to him would be a falsehood. But I -I believing that it is this, and that thils it ought not to bo-believing that here therele a positive departure in the Book of I~lnn from the Book of God - what am I to do ? Aln I to assert, and to subscribe to tile assertion, that there Is .not the dis crepancy whlich I feel there sP? Ant I to do that 7 Who will say so ? \ " But may not the words in the bap .tisilal Service admit of explanation ? Perhaps. 'To mite, however, at present, they stem to mean just what they say. As a clergymanl, I mnst assert to God, that every infant, baptized by my halnds, has been regenerated by Ilim WITH TI HIOLY GnosT. There is notllhing hesitating, hypothetic, or equivocal about it. It is not merely the affrnlation of an outward ceremonial change, but of a real aid spi. ritnal operation on the sonul. In plain words then--do I believe this ? Can I say it ia good faith? Shall I, or shall I not, in the act of uttering the thanksgiving before me, possess tihe consciousness of doing and saying ' thi thing that is right ? Tie use of this form comes to be a mlatter to be met and settled by common morality. If thile words mean what they say, nud a person believes it, he may of course use them in speaking either to God or intan. If the words do not mean whallt they say, and another person know this, and knows what they do mean, andl means Ithat by them and nothing else, lie may bring hiimself to use them too. But he who believes that they cannot be made, by asite fair and equitable means, to ttter any thing else than their obvious sense ; he who shrinks front tle tuse of language in divine worship, which would proceed Iromn his own lips in one sense, and enter the ears of his auditors ins another -in which lihe would express one thing to God, and convey another to the minds of nmortals; lie who, moreover, feel itug bound to take the worts is in their ' plain, literal, and grammatical' meaning, believes that meaning positively to assert wlhat is either not known, or whist is not true ; le sirely has no alternative but to decline doing wllhat, with his views, would be at once, ait act of impiety and hy pocrisy;-impiety and hIypocrisy committed by a priest ;-committed by a priest int the most Folemnl circumstances--while actually oflieiating on ilthe floor of tihe temple, and hiting his voice to tihe Divinity tlat fills it. " Stil I nay lie wrong. I may be under the influence of mistaken views both of truth and duty. The language of the offices may be capable of being unlderstood in some other sense from that wlllich p pears; and ifso, and if I use it in that sense, I am not ceconstable for the false impressions others may receive from it. Mllay it not be possible, then, to bring him sell' to believe that this is tile case? After ..II, may it not be, that the terms of snb scription, however enormous they may appe:lr at first, are yet easy, 'or at least tolerableic; nud that expressions, which sound contrary to the known belief of the subscriber, miy yet be taken il such a sense, as to justify or allow iis consenting to use them ? 'This may be. It seems, Ihowever, dangerous and delicate ground. I cannot. but think, too, that the effort must be imnlslense, the labor inlllite, to explain, to the elntiro satisfaction of one's conscience, thie meaning of certain of the sentences before mne Still it mfigllt be done. But whly should I do it? Wlhy should I take such estrelne pains, to get smy understanding to inform Ily conscience, that thlere is nothing in the terms of clerical coiformlity, and nothing in the doings and sayings of the priesthood, at which it need revolt? Let toe put to my soul a plain question. Sllould I take all this. trouble snider oilier eicllemstances? Should I for a molment think of attempting any such tiling, if tie terms in question were pro. posed to ile by a poor and persecuted sect P If admission to tile ministry of a voluntary conventicle was to he purchased at tile price of using the offices of the English Church, should I in that case, with- ny views, have siay doubt about the meaning of tile words, or set myself to find, with huge labor, sone principles of mild and mloderating exposition? I don't know. I have my fears. If I really believed the scriptural correctness of the Spirit nud Pretensions, tile Laniguigs and Offices, ofa particular community, I hope I should be able to conform ors adhere to it, though obscure, and scattered, and uneidowed; but doubttlig, as I do, all this, in resplect to the Establishment, why, under these cir cumsltances, should it occur to Ite, or to any man, to bribe his conlscience to submit to conforlsity ? Would we do tkis, if it were not, that by entering thle curch we enter the world; thant sooiety at large opens to receive us; that natural tastes altd rI"e ferences are gratilled ; that nmuch that would be msorilfyitg uid vulgar is avoided ; aod that iusteld of hinvig to hierld with ilaniy wtlom it will be timie enough to know ill Ilesven, woe mry mlove foreward, in olir way thither, surrounded bIy the rigards nuld the Iespeclabilities of eartl P " I sm itjaloas of myself. IfI sincerely f It that I could assent to subscription, witllout exposing the act to my own suS IiOtlos, of corse 1 Islolld subscribe. But I nit tortured with dloubt. If I tilke orders let me do It considerately, calmly, honestiiy. TIhe terms terrifyme. Tim net of subscrliption must suarely Ihe mealt to ltitsate tiat thie slscorlher admits vlwhat hle sigis. I ntl told not. Whastever it. was nltended to signisy ait firt, it now iguifices a) thinug or slothlug; it binds no u one. Thlisis ftrange docthinc. To utter it, would seem to calumniate the clergy; but they say it themselves by inlldisputable facts. Many of them appear to have paid, in subscription, a price for the privilege of preaching in tile church, the opposite of all they ncknowledge at the threshhold. Every party into which the clerical body is divided, is chargeable, it seems, with dissenting from something-from one or other of the many points to all of which they all subshcribed. But is this right? Is it right to exercise a liberty of thought and utterance which violates a solemn re. ligious pledge? Is it right to reduce such a pledge to a mere formula P-to mahko the act of qualitying for the sacred office as little a zeality as a legal flction? Are the consequences of tlls publicly decent p Such as, that parties of 0od's ministers, brethren by professiou, of the samre ecclesi. nsticalstock and lineag, should cooe forward and charge each otlter with official false. hood, or official unfaithfulness ? Is it seeotlly--is t likely to mend the public morals-for clergymen to have to memo. rialise the IIeads of the Church, against books ani men, described as the deposi. taries and disseminators of error-books and men, sanctioned by these lHeads ofl the Church themselves, or sanctioncd by some of them P The one party or the other must be acting in violation of their vows anti sul scriptlons; or nil must have agreed to. Vow and subscribe, what none amongst them can consistently keep. In either way, the act of subscrilbinug must have taken place without thought, or against it, or upon the principle of its meanin nothlling. -Notitng I 'to call God fore record upon one's soull I'- Can I do this ? Would it be right P No: it never can be right, sanctioned, as it may be, by Cathedrals or Colleges-by bodies sacred, venerable, au gust-it never can be right, to trifle with anything of the nature of an oath, or to reduce to a formula what was meant for a reality. Any man who sincerely believes wht he tho sins, tlouglt he gn the absur dities of 'brent itself, is for tlhat act ac couhtnable only to the God he swears to. but he who subscribes what he disbelieves, and who evinces hIis disbelief by a life in contradlictilon to Iis solemn professions that man is answerable to earth as well as heaven-answerable to Society for his pestilent example. In proportion to the emineuce of the station he holds, and es. pocially in proportion to its sacred cha mrter, is thile insult he offers to Public Virtue. Numbers of such men, devoted by profession to the advancement of this, and exemplifying in themselves a perpetual contempt for its very appearance, may, certainly, impose on the ignorant, puzzle tile conscientious, bewilder the simple, stagger and surprise the manly and the moral, but are not likely to breast and confront the current of corruption, or 'to commend Truth' and.trutlfulness to a keen sighted scoffer. "But the sects differ. They differ from each other as mu:hl as tile clergy differ nmong themselves. I know it: and I know also, that in each sect, respectively, tile views of its ministers are so uniform, as to tempt one to ascribe it, as much to the force of opinion within the sect, as to the freedomof inquiry within the men. Still, this latter is an evil Iofinitely less thsu the open contempt of solemn sub. scriptions. As for the former, since the different bodies are 'ostensibly founded on their differences-stand separate and dis tinct because of their "known and acknow ledged disagreement--this is a thing posi. tively virtuous, in comparison of that of a num?er of men professing to be one, by common subscription to a common creed, and yet existing as many from oppositions of opinion. If any thing like this existed amtotng the sectsa-if theMethodist Con. ference, a body of ministers who have given their adherence to one and the same system of faith : if, in spite of this, it was broken into parties, one charging the other with Popery, and that again denouncing tihe first as unfaithful; some being describe as violating their articles, and subverting the Gospel; and other saome, as saving at the font what they ascend the pulpit to unsay; denying to man what they affirm to God; countenancing error in their official formularies, and contend. log for the truth in their personal capacity -if the Methodist Conference presented to tie public any thing like this, no man would hesitate to pronounce at once upon its real character-no one would be blind to its openly sanctioning contempt for principle in public men i no one would believe tlhat it could admit of defence, or that any would defend it; all would fear that a class of persons, ostensibly devoted to the interests of truth, morals, and reli. gion, would, in fact, endanger the interests of each, by exposing to the remarks of the ungodly and profane, in their own con duct, what would seem to be either decidedly bad, or, at the very best, but equivocally virtuous. " What am I to do? I see these things -I feel them. I cannot advance to the act of subscription, as if it were a tlhing that meant nothing. Shameless enormities flow from this. It is both in Itself an aet of wickedness, and necessarily tihe parent of many more. To promise to do what I never purpose doing at all ;' solemnly to say l-efore God that I believe, and to bind and pledge myself to his church to teach whoat I neither believe nor intend to incal. caon; to reduce subscription to a mockery and a Jest, by reserving the liberty ofcon tradicting after it, what in it I should recogniso.as ecriptural and true;-this, to tn, seems like deltberately entering on prefessional life in a way to render it, from beginning to end, an impudent, acted, liv. ing lie. H How can I do this great wicked ness, and sin against God ?' I will not do it. Catn I then, with my .views, do any thing else P Is there any principle, which will harmonize with the terms and results of subscription, the feelings of one who regards as I do, Ecclesinastical exclusive. ness, sacerdotal pretensions, gild the ques tion of spiritual regeneration ina baptism P I fear not. To become d clergyman, I must not only. anertfice the liberty of act lug as I thiok thile Gospel prescribes and prontpls--the liberty of lorilg, and of proviag that I love, all whom I believe to bo 'men of God, slowing to others the way of salvation;' but I imnst adoptl, I think, int ordei; to get ridl of expressions that pIerplex mle, snch a mode of interpret ing langunge-such special pleading, wrigglitg, ntd reservationt-such strange.. nid unsatisfletory admissions, to find a sense for words, or to evade it- as would lnot he tolerated in anty straight-forward busiuess il ordilnary life, or permitted to hIavo a place in the conduct nnd the covodnnting of Worldly nmen. Such, n Itppily, are mty present Impressions. lThe views 1 take ofevtangelleal truth compel me to cometn to tIlis conclusion. Others tay not think and feel as I do. Holding sentimeuta :.cutical with mine, they may be able to do without scruple, what I shrink, from as a positive immorality. I judge them not. ' To their own Master they stand or fall,' I envy them indeed: for with my. predllections, preferences, and tastes, I,would willingly advance whcre they advance, and serve at the altar where they serve. I cannot do it. I envy anld congratulate thosowho can. I envy them at once their, ppinions and their repose the views that permit them to do what they do, and the feelings that enable them to do it, and live. I felicitate them on their .tranqujility- on thellir caln persua sion that they do right-their unrufflled reflections in the review of their patlh their enjoyment of a blessedness I can never share. 'llappy is he who con demneth not himself in tile thing that he alloweth.' " With my biews I should be condemed. Masked or mitigated as subscription might be, it would often, I fear, rise before tme in its true character-cover me with confusion -fill me with bitterness. Rletaining my sentiments as scriptural and true; yet admittlng as such, and promising to use, and actually using, languige aplarently the . very reverse-what would this demand?-to what would it expose me? I must sophisticate my understanding. I must fetter my intellect. I must shut my eyes, and close my cars, to much that at present seems distinct and load. I munstcall things by their wrong nalmens, and that, too,,lwhcre mistake may he infl nitely hazardous. I must say to God, in an act of worship, what I should repudiate to man in confidential conversation. Acts like these would be pregnant with painful and punitive consequences. I should lose, I fear, the love of truth ; or the power of pursuing, acknowledging, maintaining it. I should ceanse, perhaps, to be affected by evidenoe ; plain words might cotme to be lost upon me; if I got over sonme that are lying here, I seem to feel that I could get over any thing-that there would be no language I could not pervert, parry, resist, or oxplain away. With my views, the act of subscription would either indicate the death within me of the moral matl, or it would inflict such a wound that Ihe would soeen die-die, I mean, so far as those things are concerned which muist be lost eight of to subscribe at all, and of those which are to be done and said after sub scribing; or if lie lived, and continued to live, I should be daily obhliged to be doing something, which would lacerate, and.pain him, and pierce him to the soul. The very services of religion would be sonices of anguish. Prayer itself would consist, at times, of words which I feel I can. never approve, and which, ever as I uttered them, would renew my misgivings, and disturb my peace. My nature in its high eet essence, would be injured. "ly moral sense would be sacrificed or seduced. I CAnnoT Do tr. I will not. This, too, would be 'great wickedness, and sin against God.' It would be sin against myself. I never.will consent to pay such a prico.for the advantages which clerical conformity can confer. I see them all. I feel their attraction. :Principle as to some-preference as to otheratast,phibIt, association as to most-strongly induce and impel me towards them. I could wish them, mine. I should, be glad to secure thom.,;:1 would give for them any thing consistent with honor.., It should not be heroism to.refuse.that.:, [ determine to re fuse It. r nTo all the inducements to enter the Establishment, I oppose one tling, and but one. .With my predilections, I have little else ; but with msy opinions,I ought to have,ithat-a.living conscience. By God's help I will strive to retain it. It shall be kept 'by me, and kept alive. It and I must part company, if ,I offend it .by deliberately doing what is wrong. God of my strength, preserve me from this; ' let thy grace be sufficient for me;' 'keep back thy servant from presumptuous sin ;' with the light which Thou, I trust, hast poured into my soul, and the love with which thou .hast replenished my heart, I care not permit myself to sanction and to say, what I feel I. must, if I consent to use these forms and offices. ' A good con ecience'. is to be found only in wsthholding that consent. I am determined to with hold it. I go nowhere unless conscience cango with me. I am satisfied to remain wherever it remains. This is my feeling; and on account of this-and of this only I'here resolve to refuse orders." 