MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. 'Tuesday, 16tli November, 1859. - The Council met. at three ('clock. Present The Chairman, t>nd Councillors Abbott, Strickland, and M'Intyre. _ , .The minutes of (he previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the following correspon dence, received, was read : From the Under Secretary, intimating that the Bv-law for the shilling rate had received the sanc tion of His Excellency the Governor. Office of Koads and ft ridges Melbourne, Srd Novem ber, 1850-Sir,-In answer to your letter of the 19th ull;.' in which you claim reimbursement to the amount of L2348 10s Id, for moneys expended by your Council in the maintenance of the sludge channel at Bendigo, I do myself the honor to inform you that I could not recommend the Government to make provision on the Estimates forthis department for reimbursing you -any liability in the matter of that expenditure having been ' declin«d by Mr Duffy when President of the Board of Land and Works, i would suggest that you might, if thought expedient, be reimbursed out of this year s vote "for removal of nludgo from the goldfields," under the control of the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, and I advise you bringing the claim under his notice. I have, &c.;, JOHN STEAVENSON, Commissioner of I'oads and Bridges-To the Chairman of the Municipal Council, Sandhurst, From the Secretary of the Philharmonic Society. requ< ami if tbe use of a room in the Town Hall for rehearsals every Friday evening. From a number of ratepayers in tlie locality of Golden Square, relative to the formation of Claren don-street. .Referred to committee, and for Town Surveyor's report as to the estimated cost, &e.; 28 Queen-street, Melbourne, 11th Nov, 1859.->lr, I beg to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 8th inst., and in answer to. Btate, that the statements made by Mr Hea Brodie and Thomas Carpenter are substan tially correct. The exact words used by myself I cannot at this date speak positively to, but they were to the effect as stated by those gentlemen. During the interview with the above gentlemen I sent for Captain Pasley, and told him what my impressions were upon the subject, and that gentleman then in formed mo and the deputation that X bad been wrongly informed and that tho Municipal Council were in no way responsible for tho delay, giving the reasons as set forth in the letter nf the 2Gth nit. I have, &c.;, U. S. W. lioI'.NK.-To the Town Clerk, Sandhnrst. The Town Inspector's report was read. It sug gested thepropercIearnnceofBridge-Iane, the better protection bj' fencing in of the cemetery, in order to keep out the goats and pigs, which were commit ting damages on the ground ; also suggesting the filling in of a dangerous unused quartz shaft in Mitchell-street, near Quarry Hill. The reports of the Council Committee meetings of 4th and 11th instant, (already published,) were read and adopted. The report of the sub-committee on the appli cation from parties to mine in Violet-street, recom mending the Council to grant permission, subject to the usual conditions, was brought up and adopted. THE TOWN INSPECTOR'S REPORT. In reference to the suggestions" contained therein, the Town Inspector informed the O'ouneil that the nuisances complained of in Bridge-Iaue could be removed at an expense of about L.7. With reference to the goat nuisance, the Chair man thought if the Town Inspector were instructed "to shoot a few of them, it would in some degree abate the nuisance. Cr Abbott asked if the Inspector would he allowed to "discharge firearms within the municipality. The Chairman thought he would be while dis charging his duty. The other suggestions in the report having been canvassed, the report was received and adopted. BY-LAW .FOR THE SUPPRESSION OF NUISANCES FROM SOiP FACTORIES. The By-law for the suppression of nuisances arising from soap works, &c.;, was, on the motion of Cr. M'itityre, seconded by Cr. Strickland, read | and passed. THE CAD STAffn IN PALL MAT.L.^ In accordance with the notice of motion by Cr. Strickland, the By-law of the Council, appointing the cab stands in Williamson and Bull streets, was reconsidered. Cr. Strickland thought it was desirable to have these stands altered," as they were found to give great di*s<irisfaction to all parties, as evinced by the late cases in the Municipal Police Court. He thought that the stand should be made in front of Pall Mall, at the other side of the road, where there was plenty of room, without interfering with the traffic. He moved a resolution accordingly. The Chairman seconded the motion, and ex plained that the object would be to have tbe rank of vehicles so placed that those plying to Kan garoo Flat and E/igleliawk should face the western end of Pall Mall, while those for Epsom and the White Hills would face in the contrary direction, the middle of the stand being about opposite the Commercial Hotel. Au amendment of Cr. M'Intyre's, to the effect that the stand be made in Camp- street, opposite Williamson-street,. having lapsed, wanting a seconder; the original motion was put and carried. Cr, M'Intyre then gave a notice of motion for the appointment of a Committee to consider the scale of fees to regulate cab drivers ; also to con sider the advisability of fixing proper hours for their departure, whether full or empty, as the public were often subjected, he said, to great in convenience on that ncoount DELAYING THE CONSTRVCTIOH OF THE SLUDGE CHANNEL. In reference to the letter of Mr. Home, alluding to the statement of Mr. Brodie' that the delay had been occasioned by the Council, tbe Chairman said he was glad the subject had been taken up, as it had brought forth the fact that Mr. Home had made use of the expressions referred to. It waB shown, however, by Mr. Home's letter that before the deputation left, his statement had been con tradicted by Captain Pasley. THE EXPENSES INCURHED IN MAINTAINING TUB SLUDOB CHANNEL. I The letter of Mr. Stesvenson on this subjeot was again re.td. ! . The Chairman said that Mr. Steavenson's asser tion of Mr. Duffy having declined to recommend the reimbursement of the L2 348 10s Id was quite correct. Mr. Duflfy had informed him (the Chair man), "hen ho was in town as a deputation, that > they had no funds out of which they could reim burse them, except somewhere about LGOO or L800, out of which they had consented to allow the Council L520, when it was represented that the roads were being injured by the sludge ; this 1 amount having been allowed by the department of Roads and Bridges. ' Mr Duffy then advised, as the better plan, that the Conneil should use their best endeavors to get tbe matter brought before the House, and if the matter was approved of the money would be granted by a vote in the Esti mates. He, therefore, could do no more at the time but take the LS20, and let the other lie in abeyance. He remarked, that if they had not sent a deputation at that time, they would not have got the L520, as they had been telegraphing and letter writing for some time ineffectually. With regard to the Council's having incurred the expense alluded to in Mr. SteavenBon's letter, he said the Council had been induced to go on with the woik in consequence of the representations then made by Mr. Duffy. The time had now arrived for doing something at once, and if they wasted time in correspondence and teh graphing, the Estimates would be framed in the meanwhile, and the oppor tunity lost, and the Council would be so much out of pocket. He thought they should take imme diate action in the matter. Cr. M'Intyre asked if there was not some corre spondence in the Council to justify this expendi ture. The Town Surveyor said the work had been carried on on the faith of Mr. Duffy's promises to reimburse the Council. Cr. M'Intyre suggested that, instead of tho Council sending a deputation, the four members for Sandhurst and Mandurang, together with Mr. Pyke, should be requested to wait on the Com missioner of Public Works and urge the matter. Cr. Abbott asked if it was Cr. M'Intyre's sug gestion that the money should be asked for out of the vote for the present year. Cr. M'Intyre said it was. Cr. Btriokland thought that such a deputation as that alluded to would be greatly assisted ? by the Chairman, who had the subject at his fingers' end.«, whereas the otliers, although they might he equally anxious to serve them, were not quite up in the su! ject. The Town Surveyor said tnere was one tlnng they appeared to have lost sight of. When the deputation (of which he was one) was in town, and the Council had obtained tiie L 1600, they had been informed, tlmt there was not the ghost of a chance of their obtaining any tiling from the "resent year's vote, which was already mortgaged. He could only, therefore, recommend the Council to try and obtain it from next year's vote. Cr. Abbott thought, from these remarks of the Town Surveyor, that it would only be a wilful wjste of time their trying to obtain reimbursement from this year's vote. A motion of Councillor M'Intyre, to the cffect that the five members referred to be requested to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works on the subject, having lapsed, wanting a seconder, Cr. Strickland moved that the Chairman be re quested to go as a deputation in conjunction with the five members mentioned. He thought no time would be better than the present, when the new Ministry had just come into office and he be lieved that if the representations of the Chairman were backed up by a long arraj of members, they would be likely to have some force with the Go vernment, As far as regarded the expanse of a deputation, it was not worth considering when the result was taken into consideraiion. Cr. Abhott seconded the motion. Cr. M'Intyre in opposing the motion, hoped that the. time had arrived when they could do without these dt:putationB. Ke believed that the members he had mentioned were well up in the sludge question; at all events let them try first. He was certain, that with all the Chairman's knowledge of the subject, there were those amongst these members who also knew something about it; as for instance, Mr. Pyke. He had never believed in these deputations, and believed less in them now when they had members who represented them in Melbourne. Tliey were bound to save ihe funds of the ratepayers for the good of the town, and he thought they could use them to better purposes than in sending deputations. He then moved an amendment similar in efl'ect to his former resolu tion. He said that a deputation, including the Chairman, could do no more than ask the Govern ment to put the amount on the estimates; they could not force the Government to do it. The amendment was not seconded. The Chairman agreed with the motion. It was a subject that could not be properly explained bj writing. If the deputation, mentioned by Cr M'Intyre, waited on the Commissioner, some questions might arise which their not being full) acquainted with the miautice of the subject in ques tion might prevent them answering satisfactorily. VVith regard to these deputations, he could only Buy that it was a most unpleasant duty; but still ir. was absolutely necessary that one of themselves should go down if they wanted to be fairly dealt with by the Government. He agreed with Or. Strickland that it was necessary that the matter should be settled before the new Councillors were appointed; and as they would now only have three Council meetings before their period of office expired, they could not move in the matter too soon. The motion was then put and carried, Cr. M'Intyre voting against it, THE PHJZ.HAB.UOMC SOCIETY. Cr. Strickland moved that the Council Chamber be allowed to this Society once a week for the purpose of practicing in. Cr. M-Intyre seconded the motion, which was assented to. COUNCILLOR OARPKNTBe'S RESIGNATION. Cr. Strickland asked the Chairman if he had received any iutimation from Cr. Carpenter of his resignation. The Chairman said lie had received a latter from Cr. Carpenter on the subject, and lie (the Chair man) had informed him that he thought as the Municipal year was abo"t expiring, it would be better to wait until his term of office had expired, instead of having the turmoil and vexation of a fresh election for so short a time. Cr. Carpenter had seen him subsequently, and again spoke of sending in his resignation, when lie (the Chair man) had told him that if he still wished to do so, well and good. He had not, however, done so, and it appeared as if some misunderstanding ex isted in Cr. Carpenter's mind on the subject. Cr. Strickland said he had received a letter from Cr. Carpenter, in which that gentleman complained that no notice of his readiness to send in his re signation had been taken in the Council, and as he would not wish the ratepayers who had elected him should suppose lie was not acting rightly by them, he wanted the matter explained. The subject then dropped, and the Council ad- I journed. 