THE GREAT RELIGIOUS REVIVAL IN IRELAND. (From the Londondcrru Standard.) LONDONDERRY, Resuming our narrative of the religious awakening in London/Jerry and its neighborhood during the past week, we havo to state generally, that the work has progressed satisfactorily, bringing many ' through great tribulation'' to Christ, but an infinitely greater number, by means of the ' still small voice ' ?peaking hope and consolation to awakened souls. , OPEN AIR SBRVI0E3 In the Victoria Market have been held every evening of the week, attended on each occasion by from two to three thousand souls ; and on Sabbath, before the meeting was dismissed, there could not be fewer than 5000 souls assembled to hear attentively the Word of God read and expounded, and to join in earnest prayer to God for tie salvation of the world. The following clergymen cordially co-operated together at theee edifying reunions : — Rev. Jamea Crawford, Rev. William M'OIure, Rev. Dr Denham, Rev. Richard Smyth, Rev. Matthew Wilson, Rev. Robt. Robs, Rev, Marshall Moore, Rev. Robert Kevin (Re formed Presbyterian Church), Rev. Robert Sewell (Independent Church), the Revs. Messrs 'Wallace, Donnelly, and M'Millan, Wesleyan Ministers, and the Rev. William Flaherty, Primitive Wesleyan Minister, Rev. Mr Canning, Malin, Rev. Mr Sweeney (Re formed Presbyterian Church), together with other ministers from a distance. Not only has this evange lical union been the happy result of thiR outpouring of God's Spirit, but members of the Roman Catholic Churoh are not unfrequently scan listening with reve rent atttention to the voice of exhortation and prayer which they would once have scoffed at. Another great featuro of the movement is this, that the Pro testant lounger on the Lord's Say is rarely seen ; and a devotional feeling hag been manifested by par ties hitherto indifferent to their eternal state, and who viewed the desecration of the Sabbath as a matter of trivial, if of any importance. The houses of worship open every evening are crowded by anxious inquirers after truth, or joyous possessors of the ' peace of God which passeth all understanding ;' and it would hardly be understating the trnth when we say that several conversions take place on each occasion beside those attended with outward manifestations of convic tion and dread of punishment hereafter. On Monday evening last, a commercial traveller, at n hotel in this oity, became doopiy affected, and for a time suffered much mental ngony. 'JCnoIUv. Dr. Den ham and tho Rev. Robert Sewell, on being apprised or vu& .i»».,m. stance, visited and prayed with him. Next morning he left for Belfast, stating before hia departure that he had got an answer of peace to his soul. This case we were not aware of last week, and we are glad to be in a position to state that this event has happened to one of a class whose habits of life and opportuni ties are so little calculated to foster religious impres sions. At half-past three o'clock on Sunday, an immense congregation assembled in the Victoria Market. The solemn services were conducted by the Rev. Richard Smyth, Rev. Robert Sewell, and the Rev. William M'Clure. Mr Alex Gordon, one of the recent converts from Balljclare, alco addressed the meeting, and spoke with much fluency and earnestness. He Btated that before hih couversion, because ho was in the habit of attending his place of worship on the Lord's day, and reading occasionally a chapter in the Bible, he thought he wan good enough, hut that he bad since felt quite differ ently, and knew that there was no hope of Halvation for the sinner unless Jesus Christ, through the iu fluence of the Holy Spirit, was received into the heart, aud reigned there. He said that before tbij movement commenced the people of Ballyclaro were proverbial for their carelessness about religion, and their Sabbath-breaking propensities, but now prayer and psalms of praise were to be heard in almost everj house. He related a remarkable instance of a mau between thirty and forty years of age, and the father of a family, who, before these Revivals, had never prayed, and could not even repeat the Lord's prayer. — This man, when returning homo one evening, after having a con versation with him (the speaker), was struck down, and when prostrato on tho road, cried to the passers by to prevent Satan from fastening chains round fain limbs in order to drag him away. He was visited by the Presbyterian and Church of England clergymen, ?who wero acting there in concert together, praying with and exhorting the people ; and indeed he might say there was no such thing as sectarianism amongst the people of Ballyclaro. All denominations were working for Christ as one body. Mr Gordon in his address reminded the people of their souls being as immortal as eternity, which would never have an end, nnd that should they die in their sins, they would be consigned to that place of torment which was prepared for the devil aud his angels — ' without holiness no man would see tho Lord.' The Rev. Win. M'Clure, in his address, observed that since these Revivals has set in, although political changes had taken place, and a fierce war was raging on the Continent, religion had become the engrossing subject of conversation. Even among the prisoners of the Jail, where the worst characters are to be found, a change had taken place — bo much so that in hia long experience he never before saw them pay such marked atten tion to the preaching of the Gospel. No outward demonstrations took place at this meeting, but many no doubt felt serious impressions. TUB 0UUK0HE3. In the Great James street church, as was an nounced by us lost week, 'anxious inquirers' prayer meetings' were held at half past two o'clock each day, beginning on Thursday, and continuing for the remainder of the week. Those meetings were largely attended, and beoame specially blessed to many souIb. The artisans and female operatives of tho city snatched a half hour from their meals to meet with tho people of God in tho houBe of prayer, and commuuo with their Makor ; and many of those who have greater opportunities for usefulness were also present, participating in the good work and blessings of the Lord. Rev. Dr Denham conducted those services. The crenine oraver meetings in the Virst Presbyterian Church have been singularly suc cessful. The house is always crowded to overflowing, and the audience fael thu solemnity of worshipping the Lord their Maker, and recognise the work of Spirit in their midst. The number of stricken souls' have been great during the week ; outcries for nneroy are of daily and nightly occurrence, and the voice of exhortation and of prayer is heard within the walla of that church or lecture- room til' an hour which would have lately been termed unreasonable by even Godfearing people. But it is the work of God ; anil the ministers of the Gospel do not leave tho penitent soul without advice and consolation ' till a more con venient season ' — they are zealous for their Heavenly leather's glory 'in season and out of season.' After the public prayer-meetings in tho First Presbyteriau Churoh, the Rov. W. M'Clure, Rev. Richard Smith, or other ministers meet anxious inquirers in the lec ture-room, and it is thero that the moat refreshing BhowerB have been poured out; and many a wonderful ense of conviction and conversion has come un-3er the observation of the privileged Berv.inta of God who have conducted those services ainop. llm n-iinm--nfip. uiei.t of their Revival labors. The public B''i vices ou Sabbath last were truly re freshing ; ami l,he evening prayer-uieetiugs were still more encouraging. Many on both occasions wero brought to Christ — some by means of mental suft'or iup and physical prostratiou, and others by the more ordinary aud siient workings of God's Spirit. Ou Monday evening a Kovival prayer- meeting was held in this church after the open-air meeting in the Victoria Market. Tho houso was filled in every part, and the same blushed resffitefollowed aa on preceding evenings. The extra services in the lecture- room were also well attended, and several persons were convicted of their Bins, somo of whom found peace in Christ. Thero aro also morniug meetings for anxious iaquirers met by the Rev. Richard Smyth, and these have been very prolific of i^ood. Tho Rev. Robert Sewoll, iu the Independent Chapel, Great Jamea street, continues to meet anxious inquirers evory morning. These meetings aro well attended, and have been very successful. In the evening of each day a prayer moeting U held in the Chapel, aftor tho service in tho Victoria Mar ket, find the houfio is generally tbrougod by a large and anxious audience. Many conversions have lately taken placo there ; and, on Monday evening last, two young men, natives of this oity, atnted in unaffected terms, the nature and results of their conversion to God. On Saturday evening tho young persona from Bullyclare addressed the audience, narrating tho man ner of their conversion. They all ascribed tbe result to the loving-kindness of God in Christ Jesus, who died for them while they wero yet in sin, reconciling them to the Father ; and they urged upon their hearers to put aside the triiles of earthly enjoyment or earthly pursuits for the more important, because wore valuable aid lasting, enjoyments of the life to come. A special prayer mooting wan held alter the larger part of tho audience wore dippersed, and at thut meeting the Spirit of God was poured out iu uo stiuted measure. That night and next | morning not a few professed to havo found peace ' with God through Christ Je3us ; ami others are j silently endeavoring to work out their own salva- : lion with ? f.:a;' and trembling, looking unto ! Jcaus the author aud finisher of their faith. A ] special service was held on Sabbath morning, before the ordinary hour for Divine worship. Tho housa was overcrowded, tbe pews and aisles being filled by an intelligent and devout congregation. The young men from Balljclare, already noticed, after an ex position of a chapter of Holy Writ by tho Rev. Robert Sewell, spoke in an afiecting manner to tho people ; nnd special prayer was offered for psace and salvation. rNDaruNnEXT chapel. In the forenoon the Rev. R, Suwell cave an inte resting account of the Revival in Coleraine, the week before last, of which ho was an eyewitness, and in which he largely participated. lit said that he had been under an engagement to preach the an niversary sermon in a now chapel near Bulljmena, ia which ho had preached tho opening sermon a twelvemonth since, and left this city on Wednesday week, in order that he might hare time ta inquire into the woa derful Revival that had taken place in the neighbor hood of that town. Like other Christian people, ho was uncertain what to think of it, and he was deter mined to examine the workings of the Revival, to as certain whether it bore the marks of the spirit of God or not. When bearrived nt Coleraino, ho called on the Rev. Mr Kidd, the Independent minister of that town, whom he found greatly exoited. That gentle man apologised for not meeting him at the train, say ing that the Lord had poured out hi3 spirit on Cole raine, and that his house had bean filled all the pre vious night, and up till three o'clock in the morning, with persona who were crying out, in their anxiety, for ealvation. He (Rev, R. Sewell) thought his brother minister was too much excited about the matter, f»r he had not, uutil then, heard of any movement in Coleraine ; but he was informed that a revival meeting had been held iu the opon air ou tbe previous evening Somo hundreds had assem bled outside Mr Kidd's house after tho open air service, and M-nile he was engaged within, tho rector, Rev. H. O'Hara, preached to the people from the door. Still somewhat doubtful of the great results his brother had told him of being caused by one meeting, ho left tho house to proceed a short distanceintotkecoun try, where hs was announced by Mr Kidd to- preach iu the open air. But they had great difficulty in getting out of the town. In almost every house » stricken soul was lying, and tbe sound of praiso and the voice of prayer wore heard, at every step, mingled with the moans and supplications of the stricken ones. Men and women, young and old, besought them, as they passed along, to visit some dear leinUim .i.. OTtta under conviction for sin. And thus they passed out of the town uu - »i,«,i, -*,ay off the place where ho wa3 to preach, when they acceded to a request t« go into a house and pray with a stricken Bonl. When they entered tbe housa, they saw a young man bent down with sorrow. H13 hands were claspod, resting on the kitchen table, hia eyes were fixed and expressionless, and there he sat in sullen silence, unable or unwilling to speak — a sad picture of remors'. They prayed with him, and, when they left the houao, Mr ICidd said, ?' That was one of the most regardless and godless men in this country ; for when I used to pray in this house with his father and mother, so hardened and impious was he, that ho would not even remove hi3 hat during prayer.' When they got to the place of meeting, a large concourse of people were gathered together. He conducted the services, and he Baw no commotion — no unusual manifestation ; but, after a lay brother had offered up a prayer to God for the outpouring of Ihe Holy Spirit, here and there through the vast crowd one and another fell, and as tho lay brother continued supplicating God in prayer, the work continued till there were large num bers of persons lying prone ou the earth, calling on God for pardon and mercy. They did all they could to attend to them, assisted by Christian friends, and it was near twelve at night when they got away. But they had not proceeded far when they were over taken by a messenger, saying that a lady of high rank in the vicinity was following to solicit them to viait her female attendant who had been stricken down at the preaching. They accompanied her, and prayed with this female, and after a time she found peace and joy in believing. On inquiry they learned that she had been a moral, and what was supposed to be, a Chris tian woman. On their way home they were repeatedly stopped to minister consolation to stricken souls, and it was a late hour before they got retiring to rest. Houses wero open for prayer in all directions, and he saw the Rev. Mr Ritchie, the Presbyterian Minister, praying over one stricken soul, the house being filled with an anxious audience. Ho had purposed leaving the next day for his destination, but it was impossible for him to get away. The ministers of the Presbyterian Church, the Wesleyan Ministers, with the rector of the parish, Rov. Mr 0' Hara, held an open-air service, which was attonded by thousands. Mr O'Hara opened the meeting, and requested him to address the audi onoa, which he did. Everything went on quietly for a short time ; but the Spirit of God was at work, for on all sides the people began to fall down. It was a vrondorful scene, and all attempts to preserve order were unavailing. The field was strewn over with men and women, and the moans and cries were such as to remind him forcibly of descriptions ha had read of a field of battle. Tho meeting was broken up into sections, and every little group was ad dressed by a Minister or a Christian, brother. Ho had never seen anything like it. The meeting was adjourned to the Town Hall, where the anxious remained till near five o'clock in tho morning. Next morning they had service in tho Independent Chapel, which was crowded to overflowing. That congregation was dismissed, but the house at once filled with others ; and again, and again, and again tbe congre gations were dismissed, and as often wero their places takon by others anxious for their salvation. At last they were forced to diBrnies them altogether. They were up all night praying with, and advising souls anxious for their salvation. After he had retired lor rest, at an advanced hour, they were roused by a knocking, the person calling upon them to go to six men who had been stricken on the road at tho Rec tor's Qate, after leaving their meeting. Being com pletely exhausted, they requested the mes senger to ask the Rev. Mr O'Hara. and if he did not speak to them, they would go. They were not disappointed, for the Rev. Mr O'Hara visited them, and endeavored to remove them into his own house, but they refused, saying — 'Here the hand of theLord has stricken us, aud we will not move from this spot till we receive the assurance of pardon ; ' and they did not leave the spot till they professed to have received tho peace of God. The nest day he was engaged from an early hour till lato at night preaching and visiting. The Town Hall was opened aud kept open till five o'clock in the morning, and even then the people were not willing to leave. On Friday ho went out of the Inde pendent Chapel to get some fresh air, having been engaged all day, and ho eavv tho peo, le running ia an excited state. On inquiring what was the matter he was told that all tho children in the Society's large school were affected, nnd they wero going to see them. He followed, and he would never forget that scene. There, on their knees, wero one hundred children, and beside | them, ladies 'and gentlemen of position, who were too genteel to attend tho extraordinary meetings, or who were prevented by delioate hnnll.li. w'prf* nrnRfrnteil liii'rt.hsr bfiforo tlln Throne of Grace. The godless and wordly minded mini of business wan there ; the professional man . was thero ; old and young of the higher classes were there — all j lined together, cryiug out for grace aud pardon. Ouo young gentle man in particular wa3 bo prostrated in miud that he feared tho physical frame could not long bear Ihe ntrain put upon it ; and ho was removed to hia own borne, after hours of ngoniaing Buffering, but ho trusted that that young man had tasted that God was good. Mr Sowell narrated several affecting inci deuU of the Revival in Coleraine, and said that many a doubting soul was comforted by tho Mossed assurance, that 'while we wero yet uiuners,. Christ died for us ;' and ono passage from thu prophecy of Isaiah — 'AH' wo, liko sheep, have gone ustray ; we have turned every ono to his own way ; and the Lord hath laid upon Him the iniquity of us all' — had proved a gnvour of life unto many. Among tho incidents of .Friday which he mentioned, was one of two unfortunate Mngdalenes who inquired from him tho way of salvation, with tearful eyes, aud he was euablod to speak a word of consolation to their souls. Ia the evening, Mr Sewsll aWo addressed the meet ing. At the conclusion of his remarks, up3eial prayer was made for the anxious souls present. Tho tears and stitfed sobs attested tho efficacy of tbe prayer of faith ; and before tho proceedings closed, (several of tho congregation professed to have found peace in Cliriat. — During the service, three young convert from Ballyclare, county Antrim, stood up and exhorted tbe people, stating what great things God had done for their souls. After tho public services had conoludod, a, special prayer meeting w;ib held, at which spiritual comfort wa3 i, Horded to many anxious inquirers, and thero is i\3ijii to believe that God's word was blessed to many 1 souls. Several remained aftor tbe meeting was dis | rairsed, and it was not till ne ir midnight that the ' p oplo separated. ; Oa Monday evening a special prayer meeting was I beld ; and pr.iyer meetings havo since been held each evening, after the proceedings terminate in the Corn Market, in the Independent Chapel, nnd have been productive of good results. They aro sometimes pro tracted till a hte hour, aud Mr Sewell and his deacons are unwearied in their attentions to the trembling and anxious siuuera who sock for advice- and assistance. The morning, noon, mid-day and evening services in the Wesleyan Chapel have been continued with great success up till the present time ; and m.iny persons have been brought to a knowledge of the Sa viour through the instrumentality of a preached Gos pel, and exhorlation and prayer. Some of these have been extraordinary cases ; and it Bccms as if the Lord were, in many cases, selecting individuals to show that ' His arm is not shortened that He cannot save ; neither is His ear dull of hearing that He cannot hear.' Mr Wallace, one of the ministers of this house, was absent siuce Monday, the 13th instant, at tlia Confereuco in Belfast, but his place was well supplied by the Rev. Gibsoa M'Millen of Dublin. Special services havo been held in the Fourth P. esbyterian Church during the week, attended with the same blessed results ns those already specified. On Sabbath morning last especially the Spirit of God was poured out upon the congregation under the ministration of the pastor, the Rev. Robert Ross, whose discourse on the occasion was one well calcu lated to produce devotional feelings. Ho gave all tbe glory to God, who, he said, was showing man how vain were all his machinery to effect the conversion of the world unless the Spirit of God accompanied them, and showing at the same time that all their precon ceived ideas of working with God and fer God wore proved to be comparatively vain. Anxious inquirers have boon met during tho week by Mr Ros3, who, in company with his brethren of tbe Presbyterian Churcb, have spent largely of their time in house hold visitation and exhortation, apart from their concentrated efforts nightly in the Victoria Market and in one or other church each evening where tbe united prayer meetings are held. The pastors of tho Strand Presbyterian Church have also been refreshed by a manifest outpouring of the Spirit in their midst, on Sibbnth last, in addition to those cases which they have to advise in private or ia the household ; and their morning and evening ser vioc-s wero moat cheering. Prayer meetings have been held aud special addresses delivered in the Reformed Presbyterian Churches in this oity and vicinity, and the people everywhere appeared to bo impressed with a convic tijn for Bin and a desire to unond their lives and conversation. a.. -r— ..;,. tjnifitiqor was held in the Victoria Market yesterday evening, presiin.a v,.w Uj. »i,« itj-v. Mr O'FhUierty. Thero was a large attendance. After this meeting had adjourned, meetings wore held in the First Presbyterian Church, the Independent Chapel and Wesleyan Chapel, which were crowded with auxious worshippers as usual. ' To give some idea of the work every evangelical minister is doing, wo have merely to state that Ihisy conduct five services e.ich day, in addition to private visits, and ths discharge of other ministerial duties. The only clergymen of evangelical views in this city and neighborhood who have stood nloof front the movement are tho Episcopalian ministers. No pub lic steps have been taken by those gentlemen to identify themselves with the revival of religion among us. MIDDAY PRATER JtHETINaS. This week there have been mid day Revival prayer meetings every day iu the Town Hall, from half past two to three o clock. These prayer meetings are largely attended by hundreuB of our fellow- citizens — the opulent merchants, and business men especially. . The meeting on Monday was presided o?er hy the Kav. Dr. Denham and was addressed by several Evan gelical ministers. On Tuesday it was presided over by tho Rev Wm. M'Clure, and other ministers joined in the services. On Wednesday the Rev Robert Sowell presided One peculiarly pleasant foature of these meetings is, that laymen take part ia the devotional exercises. In this aspect they approach towards the perfection of the American Revival meetings. SPECIAL SERVICES OH VRIDAY. A meeting of members of the different Evangelical churches in town, whose ministers have taken part in the Revival meetings, was held last night, in the largo school-room, attached to tho Lecture room of the First Presbyterian Church, John C. Kyle, Esq., -in the chair, when it was resolved that two special extra services, to be presided over and con ducted by laymen, be held on Friday next in this city. It was thought moat advisable that the meet ings should be held in the Town Hall, at eight o'clock a.m., and in the Victoria Market, at twelve o'clock noon. These services, while they will meet the requirements of many in the community, will not interfere with the united prayer meeting ia Corpora tion Hall, at two o'clock, to be holdeu there at that hour as usual. Wo have not yet heard the arrange ments of tho ministers for opening their churches, but, of course, they will make such announcements as will not interfere with the extra services already stated. A very general feeling was expressed of the desirability of relieving the ministers of at ieast a portion of their multitudinous duties. CROSSROADS. On Sibbath last, iu the morning, the Rsv, S. M'Clure gave a narrative of the visit he lately mado to some of the districts in county Antrim, where tho awakening has been going on. In tho evening, a very large meeting in tho church was addressed by two young men from tho neighborhood ofBallymoney. Another meeting was held on Monday evening ; it was also very large ; tho same two young men spoke. A member of the Crossroads congregation, aud a ? young man from Derry, abn pressed upon tho peo ple tho necessity of accepting the Great Salvation. Four persons, fumale3, were stricken, and cried for mercy. Three of them returned to their homes re joicing in God their Saviour. Several others, strong men, were deeply impressed, and eagerly desired to possess a consciousness of pardon. On Tuesday evening, thejRev. A. Lowry, Ballyshanuon, preached in the open air at Carrigans, to a large and very attentive aujionce. As, in concluaion, he was pressing upon hia ueureru vuu auuepvuuuu ui buu pnruon onereu in tno Gospel, the Spirit of God moved the hearts of some to cry for mercy. Four persons, three lemales and a otrong young man, were very Beriously impressel. Itach of them, from tho depth of conviction, cried unto the Lord nnd He heard them. We are gratified to learn that the Rev. Mr Skipton, curate of Taugh boyne, and some other Episcopalian Christian friends, were present at this open-air meeting. We liko to see such brotherly kindness, and our hope is, that while the present gracious doings of the Lord may not destroy sects, they will give a fatal wound to bigotry iu nil parts of the Church of Christ. BTIUBAXE. The first Revival moeliug was held in tho Town Hall on Wednesday evening. Tbe hall was crowded by about 400 or 500 persons, while fully »a many were obliged to go away from want of accommodation, Tho meeting w.-ih addressed by the Rev. MoBsrs Ru3sell nud Chancellor, and George M'Cirter, E-iq., Chiiir.nau of the Town Corami sioners, detailed Uie scenes ho had witnessed in connection with tbe Revival movement iu county Antrim. The congrej.v Uos was moat attentive, but no cases of nbri-ical prostration occurred. Another meeting was held iu tho Butter Market, Strabane, ou Friday oveuin-j, the 17tU iuat. About 700 persons wero present. Thu religious service weie conducted by tho Il3v. Messrs Ruswll, Chancellor, Chambers, Mac Luighlin, aud Me Clarke. The utmost itjal anJ earnestness was exhibited by those gentlemen, nnd their several addresses were lis tened to with the deepest attontiou by all proseut, At the conclusion it was announced that other most ings would be held iu the simo place. Or. Monday evening last, a highly successful meeting was held in tho Butter market). There wero about one thousand persous present. A deputation of the young converts from County Antrim attonded, nud delivered addresses which were listened to wich marked attention, LV.TTEnKENNT. A largo moetiug ia connection with tho present groat awakeuing was held on Thursday eirenin^, the lGsh instant, iu the Firat Presbyterian Church, Let teikenny. Two of tho young converts who had, on the previous Sabbath, taken part ia the meetiugs iu Londonderry, attended, and successively addressed the audience, specially on tho subject of their own conver sions, and their subsequent happy experience. The elder of the bo^ s spoko in a very humble loving spirit, and iu a most nffocting and winning manner Ilia prayer was at once earnest, simple, and impres sivo, and indeed both prayed as if from the deepest sincerity, anil in much faith. Tuo Rovda Kinuear, Leitcli, and Jack took part in tha proceedings, and tbe countenances of the largo asaouibly indicated feelings of anxiety, and a spirit of solemnity more than usual was manifested. Tho only disappointment felt was that no announcement vva3 uir.de for a futuro meeting of a similar kind, It is, however, to bo hoped that arrangements for continuous meeting;) will forth with be completed. One good result alreitdy arising from this meeting Is a desire for union among all evangeli cal parties, which was strikingly evinced in the united meeting for sppcisl prayer, nud statements on the sub jen t of the Revivals, held in tho above-named place of worship, at seven o'clock on last Sabbath evening, at which there could not be less than ono thousand persona of all denominations present. Such results are oheering, beingcause for much thankfulness, and afford ing hope that God will soon refresh this part of bis vineyard with a portion of the great shower of grace now being poured out by the Holy Spirit. BOVEVA AND LARSY. A great rclipioua awakening ha3 reached tho con gregations of Boveva, Serigean, and Dungiven dur ing the past week. At a prayer meeting in Boveva, on Saturday evening, the 11th inst., the first symp toms appeared. On tho following Sabbath one of the converts (Mr Craie. from Cullvbackev.) addressed the congregation of Boveva on 'Revivals' in county Antrim. The assembly became bo large — members of the Scriggan and Dungivcn congregations having joined them — that the service had to be conductsd in the open air. At the close the deep feeling pent up during the services broko forth in many prostrating themselves on their knues, and pleading in the most solemn manner for mercy. At a prayer meeting in Scriggan, on Monday evening, the 13th inst., the ar.mo loud wail was heard throughout every part of the large congregation ; and at Bovova, on Wednesday evening, wheu tho house was literally crammed, multitudes were ci nvinced of sin. At tha prayer meeting in Dungiven on the following Friday evening, after in troductory services by the Rev. J. Davidson, the congregation became so largo that they had to retire to a field whero the Lord spoke in awful power and majesty to tho conscicnco of many thoughtless sinners. A similar awakening has reached the congregation of Inrgy, and many there have been led to Jesus. Last Sabbath tbe Rev. A. Magill waa obliged to stop when preaching, the Bobs and cries fir mercy became so loud from several pews. In this district the whole face of society is changed, and a solemn earnestness appears in every countenance. Some hundreds dur ng the past week have evidently been convinced of sin, and led to Jesus. The most sceptical has yielded and acknowledged tho work to bo tha Lord's. In somo districts all work has been given «p, and the voice of prayer and praise is heard at all hours of the day in many a family hitherto careless and thought less about the one thing needful NBVrTOWNLIKAVADY. The wore is going on hero in a most wonderful manner. Hundreds havs been converted through the Graco of God. Duiing the past week meetings wero held here both day and night, often until two andthreo o'clock, in the morning. Hundreds of persons mii^ht have been seen walking with their friends, thanking Grod, and singing, 'Glory, honor, praise, and power be unto the Lamb for ever.' A great number of Roman Catholica have been converted in and around this town, and great sensation was created here amongst some of the ttuiuM-:..,. nn learning that three young lailies, daughters of a gontlernuu ..u, i.nlja a government situation m tho town had been ' strucn cu.,,.,,' an(j though the Grace of God, were converted to Christ, and of course refused to enter any place of worship where the creature was worshipped instead of the Creator, and iu spite of all threats, they have refused to kneel to any but tho one true God. Ott Friday last bbvou persons in the work house were struck down, four of whom wero Roman ists, but the priest strove to persuade them that it was merely weakness, but in vain ; they still cried for the Great High Priest who alone can bring com fort to the wounded heart. They havo all, thank God, been plucked na brands from the burning. Tho priests bere have used al! the means in their power to prevent any of their people attending our open air meetings ; but, thank God, a spirit of inquiry has entered the minds cf the people, and they will not bo prevented from attending where knowledge can be obtained. We havo received tne lollowmg irom a Wewtown limavady correspondent : — ' In our various ;places of worship here, the extraordinary religious excitement tins been suppressed, and the physical manifestations have now become fewer. The former pro longed services from eight o'clock, p.m., till four, five, and six o'clock, a. m', have been given over ; and the ordinary time for religious services has been resumed, -we hare got quite quiet, but thoughtful. Many havo come out to their places of worship who have not come out for years ; other.) whom all the entreaties of a faithful ministry couldn't per suade to think of their soul's welfare— mucli more talk of it with him or others— have been suddenly arrested, and seem nnxious in their religious duties. Whilst this is an undoubted good, eotne etfects wliloh are to be regretted have been pro duced. I quote you tho worJs of my own minister on last Sabbath. Ho said—' I havo heard it stated by fifty persons, wittt tears streaming in their eyes, that because they wero not stricken down, they were therefore neglected by God — that they wero beyond the means of God's mercy In answer to this I say, what became of all those who died in faith, without being thus stricken down] They have ontored into that rest which remnineth for the people of God.' Again, 'It has been said by some, that the more excitement you hare the better.' Head the xix. chap. 1st Kings, at the 9th vurse. This is like the KctIvuI meetings. The physical manifestations are but the thunder, and tho earthquake which goes before tho 'still small voice.' This uncommon excitement has completely revolutionised society. Business has been completely nuspended ; families thrown into disorganisation. Out of this God is bringing about his own order of things, as ho did at the first, when 'tho Spirit of God mored upon tho face of the' waters.' It was;in the raging of tho ntorm that our Redeemer said, 'peace, bo still.' To those who have been aroused to a cense of their sinfulness by nature, aud havo felt something of that terribl e conflict experienced by tho apostle— that great strugglo of his members with the law of bis mind— Go:i will speak peace, if they continue steadfast in the faith which they havo now so openly professed. Let them continue '. steadfast, immoveablc, always abounding in the work of the Lord;' and by consistent walk and conversation, adorn the name of Him whose naino they bear. COLERAIXIi. At Coleraine tbe movement still eontinues. Every day during the week the people have met in the opea air and iu tho house of God.- for united and congre gational prayer to the Throne of Grace, and an occa sional case of conviction is still occurring in public. Meetings for united prayer, held in the Town Hall at half past nine o'clock each morning, are largely attonded — many tradesmen and laborers in their shirt sleoves being attentive listeners to tha preached Goapel — and are presided over by a clergyman of the town. Tho new Town Hall was opened in a most unexpoctod and gratifying way. Instoad of the dance and music; of the ball room, the walla of tho hall gave back the almost despairing groan of a stricken sinner, the heartfelt prayer of a believing peni tent, or resounded with the adoring thanks of a redeemed saint. The moat laudable and practical efforts are now being made to render permanent the impression which the more youthful and ignorant portion of those brought under conviction have already felt. The ladies of tho town, do3irous that those of thtir Bisters who wero formerlv a diseracn to tlmir sex, but who have now given as much evidence as any honest individual could ask that a lasting aud bleaaecl change has been wrought on them, havo formed themselves into a committee, that moans may be taken to make some permanent settlement for them. Those avowed prostitutes who have been convinced of sin — numbering eight individuals — have stated their willingness to do whatever their kind friends may think right, but we believo it has »ot yet been decided whethur a y^ar or two in the penitentiary, with assi3tanc-3 to emigrate then, would be proper. At all events, a fund to be managed by ladies, h is bean provide 1, and ws -Joubt not but, aided by tbo counsel of male friend?, such steps will be taken ns will tend to tbe support and confirmation in holiness of thoso unfortunates. The good effiicta of the Revival, aa evidennod in tho orderly conduct of Uiosa wUo were formerly druaken and disirdarly, U beyond dispute. Tho Head ooastable, who has had eighteen yearn' experience of the people of this town, says thut never iu that time hail he a r-osiy sessions to a'.tenu, ac vvnion ne nau not to pro seouLu parties for both riot and drunkenness, except at the Sessions held ou Fri lay. On Saturday, which formerly drought crowds of busy couutry people to town to transact business, which was very often terminated with drink, there was not to be seen a uingle case of drunkenness. Indeed, we have it on good authority, that iu one house where it was usual to take pounds to the number of thirty or forty on a Saturday, not a uinglo glass of whiskey had been sold up to three o'clock iu tho day. Hero we hava iucoiitrovertiblo eridouc* that iv completa reformation has been effected in the habits of many people who had formerly been guilty of offences of tho most debasiij character. May tho work progress aud prosper. pomiujsu. The work still progresses here. About 100 souli) have come uuderdcep impressions of eternal thing* in the towuand neighborhood. Tha Presbyterian Church is openfid on Wednesday evenioya for public worship, the Wesleyan ou Thursday evenings, and Episorpjl Established on Friday evenings. Several Roman Ca tholics aro among the 'impressed,' and avow their intention of returning to mass aud priest no more. AGUADOWET. An esteemed Aghadowey correspondent write* to us as follows : — The great awakeuing tint ia passing over society, nnd , vrhicli has been so powerfully felt in Coleraine and N'ewlown limavady, has been felt all over tho vale, from Boyd's Moun tain to the Bann. In the 1'resbyterian Churches of Kilrea, Gin vajih, Riii(;send, ilacosquin, Crossgar, Moneydig-, Bally hagan, Baltylintisgh, and Aghadowey, ?where about forty have been convicted, a movement has been felt which lius produced great seriousness, reading of the Word, prayer, pious conversation, nnd tho relormation of bad habits. Pro tracted meeting! have been held, anil many persons have been deeply impressed— have lamented their sins, an.l have 6ought p»rdon and peace throngh Christ's blood. Iu many cas.s, persons who have not attended meetings, andhure not been BUbjected to external excitement, have felt seriously impressed ; and oven cirelcsi creatures who hnTO taken no part In tho movement, 'lood amazed i at what God has done. Meetinsr.i, however, have been held i often, conducted in thfl ope i air, atul very numerously attended ; and, when persons hnTe been stricken down, they havo been prayed with and comforted by ministers and other pious persons, and it has been found difficult to close such meetings in any reasonable timo. There is great danger that such excitement may be abused or perrertod, and, at nil events, misrepresented, and therefore the standard works of Jonathan Edwards Bhould be carefully read ; hitherto the movement has been very salutary, and Bccms evidently Intended by God to awaken the masses from that state of lethargy into which they had fallen, All classes of Protestants partake of tho showers of mercy, and are drawn near to each other by their love of Christ. A very few Koraan Catholics have been influenced, and have abandoned their errors ; but the priests are frantic, and are employing their power to keep their people from contact with tho movement. KILIiTiltmiUS. We have received a letter from the Rov. John Wil son, of Killymurrii, in which he says : — It affords mo much pleasure in being able to inform you that, since I last wrote, the religious awakening has bctn rapid in iu progress and most beneficial in its reult-. Our weekly congregational prayer-meetings, and all the prayer meetings about here, are largely attended. Every week evening has a Sabbatical appearance. The song of leTily and tho ribaldry of many hare (riven way to tho »ongi or Zion and religious conversation. If our gardent and fields a-e being decked with flowers and clothed with grass and grow ing crops, the moral aspect of Bociety is being ornamented with better hues and moro abiding fruit. You can read in the countonanco sincerity and solemnity indicative of deep devotional feelings within. Men aro being arrested amidst the busy bustle of th« world, or -whilst gliding imperceptibly towards moro destructive falls than those of Niagara, and brought to serious thoughts and eolemn meditations. This is -visible in onr fairs nnd markets. Ono who was in ? fair tsld me ho could perceive a marked change in the ap pearanca of m»n. Another, who wns In the same fair, said he invited a friend to a tumbler of alo, but they had the public house to themselves. I have heard of o person receiving the arrow of conviction when drinking in a public-house, and immediately falling upon his knees in prayer. It must be admitted a great nnd good change has taken place, but scep ticism loads samo to throw out tho doubt It may not long continue ; and thus they exonerate themselves from taking any part In tho movement. Though I have no doubt of tho results in many cases being permanent, yet, leaving it to tho future to answer tho sceptical objection, I will speak of tho past, it is now about six weeks since I fisiteii the first in conviction, and the impression on my mind to-day regarding them is moro favorable than It was then. If searching the Scriptures with fervent prayer — if a desiro for the house of God, and to do good to all— if the administration of consola tion to those in eorrow, and oon-rcrsation becoming the Gjspel of Christ, be evidences of a good work, they are not ?wanting. It has bean reported that after the awaken ing there is little or no attention to tho statement, ' Not slothful in busino8B.' It is true that, for a few days after the deep metal anxiety through which they pass, thero ij not the performance of so much manual labor as formerly, but this is more owing to tho -want of bodily strength than any indifference t« their daily avocation. When strength is restored taoro is their wonteu uingenco in business, dui their minds are not 80 much absorbed with the world ; it is not so much tho themo of their conversation ; they can find timo for family worship, and to attend our prayer-meetings ; they will in thoir daily employment think and talk of Christ ; co that from many a loom, and shop, and field, fervent prayers ascend to God, COMBER. The good work progressing with such power as to he almost the only matter thought of in the place. About ono hundred an 1 twenty oases of awakening h-we occurred in connexion with Mr lillou's church il one, and tho number of conversions ia proportion ally grein. *?'??* ABT, The good work continues to i--B.oq8 steadily aud hopefully in Belfast. The public nianutt.w;,;11B of conviction are less numerous than they were ioi some time after the comrneapement of the Bevivals ; but scarcely a meeting is held at which persons are not stricken down, who afterwards find pardon and peace, and show the reality of the change in their hearts by their walk and conversation, and by their laboring to bring others to a knowledge of the Saviour. The revival assem blages are now almost general in tbe Evangelical Churches throughout the town, and are held nearly every week-day evening, and Beveral times on Sab bath ; and prayer meetings take place in many quar ters in private houses. All these are attended by crowded and deeply anxious audiences. It id highly gratifying to know that tho Episcopalian olergy in Belfast are entering fully into the move ment, and exorting themselves actively to pro mote it. A new periodical — tho Jievivalisl — has ipfln (at- arhflrl in Olnnrrnw_ wltinli i« Inrnrplv nn/»nni**H with accounts of the religious doings in the north of Ireland. In London a meeting of ministers, convened by circular, has been held, to take theBe Revivals into consideration. A private mooting of ministers and laymen was held at Belfast on Monday, to consult upon the incidents of the Revival during the past week. The secretary was instructed to address letters to tha ministers of localities whera awakenings have occurred, requesting them to preserve records of the cases which have come, or may come, under tboir no tice, in orde.' to aicertain tho praotical aud permanent results of the movement. The Her. Charles Seaver writes thua relative to this movement : — A revival in religion in the North is now n great fact ; the enemy may Bcoif, but he cannot deny. Thousands flook to the liou.se of God who wero careless and ungodly. In my i^n district some of the most abandoned characters attend regularly my d'lily prayer meetings, and othei wiso how a changed life. With all those affected tUero is a sound and Soriptural profession of fuith, and v«ry many hare found peace aud joy in believing. The physical manifestations ac cuniijuujiiig im.-* uiiuiige are uoi peculiar iu lug present rc vivul, but havo appeared frequently at other time* and in other places ; iu many instances they are, doubtless, easily accounted for, baing simply hysteiic3; but in others I am persuaded they cannot thus be explained. It may bo that God the Holy Ghost has cho3cn to direct attention to His Word, by associating these remarkablo und striking manifes tations therewith. I think, however, we should take pains to impress upon nil classes that there is no necessary connection between the physical weakness *nd spiritual conversion. ' Perhaps I may bo permitted to give ono other caution— namely, that wo should avoid any display of those affcored ; thut we should oppose, as far us in us lies, all visits from mere curiosity. I am the more deeply impressed with tho necessity of this from the fact that a similar work, in a neighboring country ceased at once, when ladies and others commenced visiting, from curiosity, the persons thus affected. It is injurious to the pcrsonx themselves, as well a* offensive in the eyes of God. One remarkablo feature in this work wo should, I think, keep before our minds— the neglect of human agency. There have not been eloquent or impassioned discourses, peculiar meetings for prayer, or any of that human instrumentality usually thought neces sary. It has been the direct work of God the Holy Ghost ; this we should remember, and keep Him prominently for ward in all His gracious olilees and operations. 