HOW FABMBK BBIOOS GOT MARRIED. ! Tv my food friend tbe reader will* accompany me, 1 have for tho nonce an Asmodens power b/ which I can peep down the chimney of a farm-house, and, with even more than the power of this far-famed bera, ran tell ali "that is coing on. , ____... The room is "a cosy and"onrnfortablo room enough, though it is very large. 1 herb is a healthy, happy look aboutit which smacks of jjood living, the furniture is old fashioned and perhaps h-.s~Jon.7 ogo seen its best days, but it'is solid end substantial yet. Why they should, have a stone floor, and why they should havo tho stone so curiously white-wr.Bhed all round tho edges, I don't know; it seems like a relio of the good old timos when tho Normans took such prida in the' stbno'work, and thought wood not good enough for their halls. But. what pleases mo most ia the, ' cheery-looking hpàrth, with those tremendous logs upon it, sparkling andi crackling away with n delicious glow, and over,and nnon'> emitting bright fpirks as though tho fairios were at' worlcupon them. ; : Ibero is a fine English gentleman sitting cosily in the' large settle placed by the fire-sidu. Ho cannot be called a-fino old English'gentleman, for he is evidently on the right side of forty ; but his burly, jolly, good-humoured^ fnco preoludes the idea of h's being called a young? English gentleman. Ha has rather a sober, " seriouB look, and ns ho takes long, steady pulls at his long, steady pipe, he stares vnoantly nt. the -crackling logs] with the air of o man who has something oh bis mind. Í " What's the use o' me having this house arid farm: about me," he mutters to himself, " and ne'er a cbiokt nor child, and ne'er a creature to love br care forf" and' Farmer Briggs fell into a brown study, and his jolly.î good- humoured face' would hove boon oloudod and un-': hoppys had not the ruddy glow'of the Sro fell upon >it nnd lit it up into apparent comfort flt' least.. Farmer: Briggs smoked and smoked away rather more! furiously than before,-replenished his tumbler of whisky'toddy,] and foll into a still deenor brown studv. ' ,: - " y CB, T ..willi" he muttered aloud; " cluan mo ii dotftl TH make up my mind, to it lita á mao. It's n uso moping here like' an old owl. I'll " " '. " Tb« farmer had been so intent on thin little bit of sol I examination and confession, that he had not beard tb door open as he was cogitating aloud. Nor did he kno that he was no longer alane till a familiar voice close I him startled him by asking over his shoulder, " Whi will yon. do,eh7" r . " Now whether it was that the gentleman felt glad of th opportunity of making bis intentions known, or whetbe . he felt ari'Englishman's determination to do as.ho like in his awn house, I know not ; but with a veheraenc whioh quite startled the intruder, be exclaimed, as h dashed hts hand upon the oak tablel and made th whisky-toddy pTasa dance'with astonishment-'.' Marry f : If a bomb-shell hnd suddenly exploded, the cornel; lady who Olid entered could riot have been morí surprised, and I don't think'she could have looked mon vexed.V She was evidently taken aback and not a littli ? annoyed. ' . '. ..'"," : Farmer Briggs was sitting in' tba farm-house whiol hod been his -father s, grandfather's, and great-grand father's before him. ' There were none in tho bouso bu his sister, who had been brought up, rather too maot likoB fine lady"to superintend tho work of,the house, i 'little nephew, and: the lady- for' it .would bo very ungallant to say woman-who had intruded so suddenly upon thé farmer's evening meditations. Sbe had been the only child of parents who,died when she was but s giri, who had had monoy and friends and land, but who somehow ', managed very, rapidly, to do what,' is familiarly called ."going" to the dogs." The result was that when Mary Butler was but a blooming girl of sevonteen she found herself homeless and almost penni \- less. Tbe boase she was born in, and in whioh she had passed n happy girlhood, was mortgaged, the mill.and ito stook wore wil!ed"BWmy_to_a"-CEoditor,-ana- tneTa"rm was «old to poy dnbts mora than it would fetch. Mrs.Briggs I then very kindly took Mary as a servant, and before the good old dame ¿led she bade her daughter " look' after Mary, for sha was a good girl and had no one elso to care for her." So that Mary Butler had gradually ' grown from a sorvnnt, .' into . a stately and somewhat self-im- portant ' housekeeper. Malicious people did say that Miss Briggs, who felt herself approaching thot certain ego whioh' is so very, indefinite, had a " soul far above housekeeping, and that abo was too intent upstairs upon her kalydor, her milk of roses, and her rouge, to caro about what was going, on downstairs. People will talk, you know, and people did say that Miss Briggs WOB dying to got married, a,,d that, like drapers with an alarming sscrifloe, "no reasonable offer would be refused." Be this as it may. Mary had a capital place of it, and was really mistress - of tho house while' Miss Briggs was disporting her not partioularly.lovely flirure at neighbouring flower ehows; ot Dorcas meetings, whero tho curate used to come and read to the ladies; or, in fiot, anywhere -where there was tho slightest chenoo of getting an introduction : to marriageable gen- tlemen. ' ! . It WOB not without alarm, therefore, that Airs. Batter (as for tho last year or two she had been called-though for the mattorot that she could not have been, I should say, above thirty) had overheard tho demonstrative announcement of Kir. Brigg'. "With tho keen shrewd- ness of women in general,; and housekeepers in parti- cular, she saw immediate vision a of a new mistress who would infallibly-to use a figurative expression not en- tirely unknown-put her nose out of joint. The startling apparition of the brido turning drawers topsey-turvey, altering this and .doing away with that, and, in fuot, making that horrid confusion whicu-lndies call " putting things to rights,'!-this started up before hor in a moment, as Farmer Briggs demonstratively pronounced thnt portentous word, "Marry." . ?Whereupon a strugglo commonoed between Mary Butlor's womanly desire to know all about it, and her feeling that any question on her part would perhaps bo regarded as impertinent curiosity. But curiosity triumphed over caution, and she boldly popped tho fol- lowing question, " Who may il be. Mr. Briggs ?" But it would seora that Mr. Briggs was in no humour to tell; ho had no idea of making a clean breast of it, and so, lookiog rather foolish, he said, with n simper whioh appeared not very natural to him, " Well, Mrs. Butler, she's by no moans a bad-looking lady, and sbo does not live vary /hr from here. You must have seen her very often." " Ah, I know," ohuokled Mary, with a self-satisfied air, "it's Mrs. Ormond, tho interesting young widow lo whom you wore so attcntivo coming from church last Sunday." " Bah I Do you think I'd marry a lady who Is always talking about her dear departed husband. Why, I should be jealous of his ghost I' 1 " Well then," persisted tho lady, satisfied with the h oar ty denial of ' the master,' " it's-" "Bash my wigl'° said the farmer, starting up with feigned wrath, "1* ra not going to tell you. You'll know all about it in time, and I'm quite suro you'll approvo of tho Indy." Mary Butler appeared tobe anything but sure of so desirable a conviction, judging from her looks: for added to tho horror of being tifllioted with a mistress of tho house, whero sbo now did i retty well BB she liked, she was piqued at having boon BO near tho discovery of o socret, and after all being frustrated. But it was of no uso attempting any further to sound tho depths of tbo mysterious Mr. Br'ggs' intentions, for at tho moment when another guess was about to be vantured, in ramo Miss Briggs, who had been to a cora-, miltoo meeting of ladies mid gentlemen, who were bent on giving a testimonial to their curate, though they scarooly know what for. Mary Butlor now bod a scoret which~ wa¥~fôTmëntiiïg her; she knew enough to make her want to know more, but nobody but." tho master" knew so much an she. Farmer Briggs too was determined to Iteop the matter a secret, and what puz«lod Mary was tho faot of his ever having so suddenly annouuood his intontion at all. She found that bia sister know nothing about it, and doy after day thoy would speculate ns to whoever it could bo.' And all the whilo Farmor Briggs scorned to (uko a delight in teasing his sister and Mary on his (ulura plans. Ho would propose sundry alterations in til6 bouse, and would talk of what bo intendod to do ywha ti he t brought homo Mrs. Briggs, Kpno evening when Miss Briggs, after having paid r^flujl 'attention to nor toiler, noa gono out f\ P"r,y 81 0 neighbour's, tbo, farmor fi* Rosily again by tba fire; tho great logs «uti i\DA sparkled ns heforo; tho whlsky-toddy was fi t ^Vowod to lils sotlsfnotloo, and ho wes sraoliig i,il»Pir° N?eaoe, apparently on very good torras with uimsrlf nnä^j tl,0 ^or|ti, " Woll.iMaX, Bnid j,r., with a merry twinkling of tho oyo-Hopping &>. b1jo was Roing out of t 0 r0ora A BhortimonosyRL, ,th t froWn,ond a alight toss of tho ho d -wiiwfm oniy answer. _ <« Well, -I'm tblnl-iirror puUing up tho bunns noxt Sunday. Whit di you s^f* * " Oh, I haven't anythings.,, say to lt, of course. It does not obncorn me." X «' Ah, but it does though," àù Earner Driggs, and ho grow wondrously oilVotlonate fkjj|8 roonuor : " it does !ü?í-r? Ji?u,iJ1»nn't Put up '"Vvbanns without you agroo to it, Will you hnvo me?" \ "rw.l,0.,,u<"f Mo7 had evor oonlomplkd tho possibility orilla thus suddenly popping tho queiw I know not. IJut shei sofcmcd not at all disagreeably swiged, os the I rising blush and tho (remuions look shoved. Whether SH? S?'!) o» "no" qoujdnpt hijyo loefctold by poy ! . * ? one, far tba farm er's Jolly, good-looking fae« WM *O close lo tba bloibing fane of Mary that it mast bava been ?barp eara indeed that could have caught anything bat ? aouod whiob I doubt , not is iuailiar to most «f ray readers. . .? . ..... _ And j)o« the arrangements <or the wedding went on rapidly and cheerily enough. Kiss Briggs tossed ber head a little at first, and posted and ß maced, about ; but her brother's will was not «acily oontrolleâ,and after all his happiness was very dear to her. ' The forthcoming wedding of .course gave ample food for the talk of the whole country for a few weeks; bat many a stranaer one bad beon hoard of, .and at the din- ner after the interesting ceremony all " wrat'merrily as a marriage bell." Never did Former Briggsdook more happy, and well-to-do; never did Mary'louie brighter or happier after she. had got over -that one good cry ; and' never was a more pleasant chorus, .than: that whioh honoured Farmer Briggs when he sung:. Oar fathers of old wero robust. «toirt, and«tiionc;, ?And they leapt open hoaso with good oheer all'dayilong, Which mada thoir plamp tonanta rojoloo ln tilla sacs , Oh the roast hoof infold England, And oh 1 tho old English roa»t'beef r" 