WATER! WATER! TO THE COMMISSIONERS OF THE WATER SUPPLY (?) Pray, give us to know the reason why, We have not a better water supply? But first let us ask in accents grave, Why we pay so much for the little we have? Oh! Sir, Hugh Myddleton's ghost might stare, And with anger intense and astonishment quiver, To be told that the Yan Yean cannot spare, As much water for use as his own New River, Without the Commissioners making a clutch for it Of a sum that at least is three times too much for it. Say, to our houses they bring Yan Yean, Sufficient to keep the children clean, To wash, and to cook, and scour the phizes Of the discontented master and misses. Customers forced to accept the fluid, And to pay on the nail, or be instantly sued, When they find to their cost with faces wan, They're brought to a court where the law's laid on, And Mr. Commissioner, giving no quarter, Makes them pay for law as much as for water,— Yet why, when we're call'd on to down with our dust, By rate-collectors as sharp as ferrets, Why should not the Water Commissioners just Be requir'd to lay that "mud in high spirits." (To use a phrase of poor Miss Landon,) Which they to its wicked will abandon? Look at the streets, when the winds are high;— Look? no, you can't, for you have not an eye, That is not blinded by dust that careers, Filling your mouth, and your nose, and your ears, While chok'd and perspiring you make your way, As well as you can through the storm that rages, And when you get home a strange figure display Of a very brown mummy that, lying for ages, Under a pyramid, now comes forth, may be, To startle his wife and frighten the baby. Look with a mental vision at those Who keep shops, whose doors they dare not close; For as to their goods 'tis better to dust 'em, Then lose every chance of the ladies' custom. See! here is one who has come to seek Some new "love" of a dress—a moiré antique;— "Antique, indeed! Messrs. Buckly and Nunn, This they wove in Anno Domini One." "The dust, ma'am, the dust, 'twill brush off in a jiffey." "No, a, poplin I'll have from the banks of the Liffey." "This a poplin! and this a shot silk that hangs nigh it!" Cries the husband, "My love, I'll be shot if you buy it; And this ribbon, once rich, so I will not contemn it, Why the thing is as brown as a saddle-girth, demmit! Let's be off; to spend cash here's by no means expedient, So Buckley, good morning, and Nunn, your obedient." Now then, Messieurs Commissioners, tell us, If you've a grain of candour in you, Are n't you a trio of precious fellows, To let such a state of things continue? You charge, and you give as suits your whimsies, And you draw your salaries once a quarter, And as long as the water-mark's in your flimsies, That's all you seem to care about water. But public opinion's astir, I deem, And gentlemen, what I wish to exhort, is, Look alive,—for I fancy 'twill lay on a stream That'll prove as scathing as aquafortis. 