CHINA. By way of Mauritius we obtain the follow ing particulars, extracted from the Calcutta Englishman of August 6th, of a most disastrous engagement between the English and Chinese forces in the Kiver reiho. RENEWAL OF WAR, DISASTROUS DEFEAT OF THE BRITISF1. By the Fiery Cross we have papers from Hongkong to the 19th, Singapore to the 29th, and Penang to the 30th ult. 1 lie Fiery Cross left China on the 19th, nnd Singapore on the 30th of July, and Penang on the 1st. of August. She brings most disastrous intelligence of a renewal of the war in China, for no purpose that we can imagine, except to gratify a whim of the Admiral, who chose rather to attempt to force a passage by the usual channel of the Peiho, than to proceed by another which tho Chinese authorities told him was open for him. A disgraceful defeat was the consequence, and the destruction of two of the attacking squadrons. The report says that the fire of the Chinese batteries was evidently directed by Europeans, and the Hongkong paper concludes that they must have been Russians. It is much more probable that they were the Euro pean pirates driven out of the Canton rivers by our cruisers, for the Chinese are known to have murdered the Russians at Pekin. How Admiral Hope will answer for this calamity we know not. We are informed that the Admiral was warned bv people at Hongkong not to at tempt the Peiho, as the Chinese were wellpre pared to oppose him. He has been guilty of the most dangerous of all faults in war, that of despising his enemy. It is the more mortify ing because the Chinese were evidently sincere, as they have allowed the American Ambassador to pass up to Pekin by the passage indicated. Indeed, had they laid a trap in that channel, they would have put themselves decidedly in the wrong, whereas they have now evidently justice as well as success on their side. The worst part cf the business is, that if, as has never been surmised, they are desirous of get ting rid of ths treaty, they have now a legiti mate reason for declaring it void as to the English and French, who have so ivantonly commenced hostilities. The mail steamer Aden arrived from Shang hai yesterday afternoon, having left that port on the 12th in at. She brings advices of the defeat of the British forces nt the mouth of the Peiho — a catatrophe which reflects more disgrace on Her Majesty's arms than anything that has happened »\nca her accesion. Mr. Bruce arrived off the Peiho on the 18th ult., where the British force had been concen trated, some messages were exenangea oe tween the British Minister's suite and some mandarins of inferior rank on shore. The tenor of these messages was to the eff- ct that the foreign Ministers and suites would be re ceived in Pekin if they would proceed by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Peiho, which river it was intimated foreign men-of-war should not enter. Mr. Bruce finally declared that he would force an en trance, and leaving the matter in Admiral Hope's hands the attempt was made on the 25th ult. The following extracts will detail the lamentable result : — We do not pretend to a knowledge of mili tary matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we unhesitatingly record our con viction that such a series of complicated bungles is not to be found in British annals. It is a matter of sincere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if the force he had had been doubled or trebled the only difference which would have resulted would have been the augmented ratio of the casualties. A simultaneous attack by land and sea should have clearly been made whilst the flood tide was running — the land force making a detour and attacking the forts on the sides. Be sides, the forts should have been taken in detail —after the first should have fallen the rest could have certainly been shelled. Again, the position should have been recon noitred, as it might have been safely inferred in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booms had been constructed, that masked batteries were certain to be placed. Tipperary tactics are scientific in comparison to the mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position — that is to say, the entire sea force was run into the trap which had been made and provided. After it bad been destroyed, or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, the land force was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they eould not be brought up for some time. When they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud-bank, almost in the face of those victorious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the case ; two ditches intervened, and the end of it was that fifty cf our brave fellows reached the wall without a scaling-ladder or a dry cart ridge. Why, had the whole of the Royal Ma rines in the Bervice been landed nnder such cir cumstances, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result ? We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They be held the flotilla go into the trap — they imme diately saw that their own fire was overwhelm ing—and, China-like, they became elated, and worked bard at the guns there was nothing to drive them from. Remembering how the Russian Minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year ; bearing in mind the intrigues he made whilst the Tein tsin negotiations were going on ; not forgetting the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on the Amoor just about that time ; and seeing, moreover, that there is no Russian Ambassador now dogging the steps of the British Minister, or, indeed, near the scene of action, it needs no ghost to tell ns that we have been victimized to Russian machinations. Moreover, it is known that the Russians made one of the stipulations for the territory they filched the payment by them to the Chinese of seven hundred cannon— as if the Chinese would have made such a demand unless they had been told to do so ! We do not think there were any Russians in the forte, because our troops were assailed by gingals and arrows; but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stockades, and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt, Russian guns being of course used. We presume the United States Minister will proceed to Pekin, and will be well received there, when he will be used as a mediator. Doubtless, Heenfhng'i wounded honour being now healed, His Celestial Majesty would coma to m eoay iftttaneat if we would let tan. bare his own way. Our right to force a passage ti Fein- tain is very questionable, particularly as a ?iafe conduct was offered our Ministers by ano ther route, and an audience promised. This, of course, would have ended in smoke ; but still it forms a Celestial pretext. It is a sorrowful affair, and, besides the valu able lives lost, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should he reinforced, and ano ther attack made immediately. 