WE have already alluded to the persevering efforts that hare qeen made by tbe supporters of Messrs, Wilson and Carter, to secure the withdrawal of Mr Kenuerley from the approaching contest. Amongst the means resorted to for this purpose, have been the more than hinted, but still obsoure, promise of support on some future ocoasion, prorided Mr. Kennerley would leave the field clear on this. Our contemporary on Saturday speaks of Mr. Kennerley as a gentleman whose eleotion at another time be might himself possibly favor, There is a considerable body of the electors also, we may infer from the tone of tbe article we are alluding to, who bare the mo£t friend)/ feeling to wards the independent candidate; who are sufficiently satisfied with his qualifications, to be prepared to encourage his "future" pretensions; but who are under an inexorable necessity to oppose him now. If nothing, theB, can be said against Mr. Kennerley, as it seems from this nothing can, but that he is in the way of somebody else, we are very fairly entitled to ask who and what is Mr. Carter, that Mr. Kennerley should be expected to give place to him ? Mr. Kennerley's intention of offering himself as a oandidate has long been known. It was well understood by tbe electors at a time when it certainly had not entered, however remotely, into their dreams, that they would be addressed by Mr William Carter, under the auspices of the great patron of the Borough. Why Mr William Robertson should have Belectcd Mr Carter as his nominee is unintelligible, unless it was for the same reason that the nobleman sent bis footman into the House of Commons for, in the old days before reform. We must suppose that the great man to whom politically Hobart belongs, has taken it into his head to make an exhibition of his absolute mastery over the place, and of tbe profound and abject subserviency of tbe electors to him. Would it be possible tor him to do this with more dramatic effect than by thrusting Mr Carter on the Constituency. On Buch an hypothesis as this, this gentleman's candidature is intelligible, and possibly those who know best tbe constituency, the subjection in which it suffers itself to be held, and the " influences" that are being worked to secure Mr Carter's return, may be right in their confident assertions that no one has any chance against him. We are anxious, however, to an the temper of the songtituency in this respect tried. There are some independent men amongst them we know; some men who have not sworn to accept any candidate that may cone duly recommended (o tbem; some men who would go the length of resistance if for instance,Mr William Robertson sent his footman to them properly accredited. Possibly these gentlemen may be a majority. Mr Kennerley will do a public service in testing that fact. It is to the independent section of the electors he appeals. He appeals to them against the dictation on which Mr Carter's can' didature is based. It is notorious that butforthepatronageby which he isaided that gentleman would not have the ghost of a chance; that he is about tbe last man in Hobait whom tbe electors would have invited of their own motion; and that the first sensation with which the announcement of his name was received was one of unmixed astonishment. We say this, tbe requisition notwithstanding. Mr Carter has no.requisition. The published document with the long list of names at its tail, is a requisition to Mr James Milne Wilson with the name of Mr Carter added at the head. We ask pointedly how many of those whose signatures are paraded were given at the time distinctly to understand that they were signing a joint requisition ? We know no earthly reason why Mr Kennerley should be peremptorily ordered to get out of Mr Carter's way. True he does not bear the brand that is thought to be such a sure passport to electoral success. That, however, in Btead of being a disqualification—will, we trust, prove his great recommendation with the electors. On other grounds surely Mr Kennerley need not shrink from a comparison with Mr William Carter. In what respects does Mr Carter excel him ? HaB he pursued a public career which affords better guarantee of his proving a judicious and disinterested statesman ? Has his life been distinguished by a series of acts that recommend him more strongly to the popular sympathies 1 Or, lastly, is the political summersault which has suddenly deposited him at Mr William Robertson's feet, the sort of thing to assure us that he will be a representative of more inflexible independence than Mr Kennerley is likely to prove ? Our contemporary seems overwhelmed with astonishment tbat there should be people impudent enough to provoke contest," the will of the great man once having been made known. This is Mr Alderman Stewart's offence, as well as Mr Kennerley's. " Insufferable conceit" to put himself forward aB a candidate without having first presented himself in certain quarters for endorsement as a "fit and proper person! " We are told that " it was earnestly wished that no contest should take place." Of course it was. Whenever on a similar occasion was the same thing not equally wished ? But if there was an honest anxiety to avoid a contest, why were not candidates introduced to the electors of such a cbaraoter as might have proved • generally acceptable? Mr. Stewart's c candidature is a protest—such a protest n s OTcrj deeter few • right to stake is I f liis own person, if he please, against tha systematic attempt that is being made election after election, to dictate to the constituency of Hobart and Hobart Town, as to whom they shall send into Parliament. And if the electors ard wise, and have not abandoned all their self-respeot, they will fix their choice upon those who come before them as independent men, rather than those who wear the badge of a servile dependence upon patronage and " infiuenoe." Louis NAPOLEON, and the remnant of his Italian army, have made a triumphant entry into Paris. Tbe Parisians never rejeot an opportunity for a fete, and whatever the radical failure of the Emperor's intervention in the affairs of Italy, he was yet able to flaunt • before the faces of tbe French people banners inscribed with the victorious names of Magenta and 6olferino. So acclamations awaited him, aud he has achieved a new dramatic triumph. The terms of tbe peace were not agreed on at the date of our last advices. The armistice was indefinitely prolonged, but many delicate questions arising out of the interpretation of the general conditions of peace hurriedly assented to at Villafranca, remain to'bo disposed of. As was predicted, tbe intervention of Louis Napoleon has precipitated a crisis in Italy which the results of the brief war have failed to consummate. Instead of freeing Italy from the Alps to the Adriatic, the selfish and unprincipled impostor, whom an unfathomable Providence permits to hold the throne of France, has dazzled tbe Italian people for a moment with the dream of independence, only to excite a revolutionary condition of the public mind, which may give him an excuse for military interposition in the interests of " order," such as we have seen a specimon of already, in the occupation of Rome by French soldiers. The pretence of this crafty despot will be tbat Italy ought to be satisfied with what be has done for it, and that if it has the presumption to aspire after a larger measure of liberty than he has been pleased to define as its due, he will be justified in imposing on it the yoke of an iron despotism. What is the signiGcant news brought us by the Benares ? " Fifty thousand French troops are to remain in Italy for the present." There is a volumne of history in that brief sentence. What is the work reserved for these fifty thousand soldiers of the Empire ? Let ns read on. " The citizens of the respective states refuse to receive back their eld rulers." Over the breakfast table at Villa franca, Louis Napoleon decreed that the Grand Dukes of Tuscany and Modena and the Duchess of Parma should resume their thrones, from which, by a popular movement, they had been deposed. Is the army of the " Liberator" of Italy—the man in whose professions of liberty, the Italians, in spite of the history of imperial France, were fools enough to put faith—to be employed in forcing back these obnoxious sovereigns upon a protesting people ? Let us read again. The Sardinian Commissioners are withdrawing from Tuscany, Modena and Parma, under French pressure." Louis Napoleon will not have a united Italy. It is not part of his scheme (though he let tbe infatuated patriotism of the Peninsula dream so, as long as it was a vision to serve his ends) to allow Sardinia to grow into the dimensions of a great and powerful kingdom. He has driven Austria from Lombardy without weakening the Austrian influence in the Councils of Italy. He has exchanged for Austria an immediate neighbour on the south of tbe Alps, bound to him by ties of gratitude and not sufficiently trong to be independent of his protection. And what more? If the Duchies will not have their old rulers, there is an alternative. " Despairing of annexation to Piedmont, the feeling gains ground that Prince Napoleon will be invited to govern tbe united dukedoms as King of new Etruria." Tbe designs of tbe limperor and the meaning of the mysterious peace arc undergoing a rapid explanation. The defensive attitude assumed by Kngland, had given offence, it seemed, to France. Louis Napoleon affected to be hurt by the manifest mistrust with which Albion regarded him. As a means of re-assuring bis ally, he reduced his armies to something like a peace footing. Bat until he dismantle Cherbourg, Great Britain may point to it as her justification for a precautionary policy. This is a subject which seems to have very earnestly engaged the attention of parliament, and the result has been the appointment of a royal commission to examine and report, and the determination at ooce to establish a reserve of naval volunteers, 30,000 strong. England is not the only power tbat looks with an uneasy eye on the enormous military strength of the French empire, in the bands of a man of such restless ambition and sinister designs as the Third Napoleon. Belgium haB been fortifying Antwerp —another sign of mistrust. It is evident that the war has been finished too soon to admit of any hopes of a long peace. Amid all the Beething elements out of which mischief is brewing in Europe ; England is tranquil; on her guard, not panic strickeu. Parliament, had been prorogued after a brief session, and the Queen was pursuing her Autumn steamtrips. This year she has visited the Channel Islands, and was last under weigh for Scotland. WJB give to-day an abstract of the prinipal intelligence brought by tbe Beares, and shall continue to cxtract irwaouiTolamittOM file* notwe* of the s more important events of the month la the order in which their comparative importance naturally ranges them. The topic of primary interest to the great majority of readers will, of course be the most recent developments of the Italian question, and the attitute of England with reference to the Napoleonic settlement of the affairs of the classic peninsula. Scarcely seoond to this great European topic, in a matter affecting us as Englishmen, is the news of disaster to our arms in China. The defeat of a British force by tbe soldiers of the Celestial Empire is an occurrence as undreamt of, that our readers will not complain of our giving the fullest details of this contretemps which the Calcutta papers supply us with. We are glad to find that the subject of postal communication between the Australian and the mother-country continues to engage a large measure of attention both in parliament and, in tbe public press. The contract now in operation, by which the mail service is performed by the P. and O. Company, has now, it appears, been formally completed—no positive agreement having been arrived at as to the expediency of continuing the present route, via Mauritius. The demand of tbo enormous commerce of Australia for something more than a monthly communication with Kngland, is being enforced on the Government both by influential colonisis, at present in England, and by some of the icading journals. The project of a mail, via Panama, seems to be, for the present, deferred, but there are signs that it will not be allowed to slumber. Perhaps, after ull, it would be premature to enter into any new postal arrangements, until the capabilities of the Great Eastern have been tested. She was ready at the date of our last; advices for sea, and the next mail will, in all probability, bring us the narrative of ber trial trip. If the ocean leviathan is a success, and the power of ships of her dimensions to accomplish the Australian voyage in thirty days, or thereabout, is demonstrated, it is impossible not to foresee tbat an entire revolution must take place in the conditions of our comunication with Europe. It is now definitively announced that this latest wonder of the world is to be put on her berth for Australia and India as soon as her trial trips are completed. It will be seen that the general complexion of our news from Continental Kurope, confirms to the most minute particular, the conclusions we drew from our telegraphic summary, and published in the " Advertiser" of Saturday. 