THE QDucnsan&ilturrag; Stboertiscr. BEECHWGBTH, TUESDAY, Jan. 11th, 18-59. The Chinese.—"Were-we, as a peo ple, to "adhere to the old proverb, " do. unto others as you would they should do unto you," we certainly would not act so tenaciously in respect to-restricting the Chinese from;enteringv-this colony' under a hea,vy penalt}^; v As part aiid parcel of the British Empire, we cannot feel justified: iu.^i^steicting'.'tlie - entamfce-; of Chines^ into the colony j great have been; the concessions of the Chiiiese in their new treaty ; the Celestial Empire is thrown j open to the free" access of British subjects. Has •. this -been done' freel}r and frankly by the Chinese 1 no, it has been wrung1 from theniljythrea tenmgs : and intimidation from the .British Government." if Since the war in ISiO, there; liave- been occui'ring con tinually slight skirmishes" and-, petty contests between the British and. Chi nese—and now that the;object seems to have been obtained, by the''present treaty, of allowing the British"to pene trate, to the innermost city'of the Em pire, we may anticipate hearing- of still greater outrages and blood shed than has ever been experienced by the two Empires. The British Government, however, must take upon itself the res ponsibility of internal revolts—tlie Chi nese have agreed to allow the British to enter within any of its walls ; .has the British Government determined to reci-. procate the same concessions ? that is the question. They may possibly be prepared to do so; as for as concerns Great Britain ; but, in reference to the j Colonies, we would protest to the fullest | extent against such an invasion on the social privileges of a British people, and trust there may be demonstrated that moral stamina inherent in the breast of Victorians against any steps that may be taken'by the home Go vernment to permit Mongolians to enter free on the shores of this colony. If the home Government are committed to make concessions, of the above nature, to the Celestial Empire, there can be no reason, on- that account, why they should be - extended to the Australian colonies. Take'a verdict" of the people of this colony in; reference to the free admission of the Chinese, and we ven ture to sa}rr tliat it .would be utter exclu sion. The colonies arc now becoming over-run. by these wily and cunning1 tribes of Mongolians, and if allowed to persist in their, attempts -to penetrate into the social circles of our communi ties, we shall soon' have; to: bid-farewell to, morality". By the European news we find that this question of interna-, tional fellowship between- the Chinese^ and English is exciting great attention, find, as an evidence of the extent to' which it has arrived, we give the fol lowing quotation from the home corres pondent of the . ': " The extraordinary advantages ex torted by us at the cannon's "mouth are not, -however,; without1 certain draw backs,-which may: prove-of a somewhat serious and ^embarrasing character to: our '■Government.'1' It is but fair that we should reciprocate these concessions when required to do so, and fulfil our part worthily in the international fel lowship about to.be inaugurated. This momentous point is already beginning to 'attract attention in this country, it haying. been started by an animated correspondence in the Times relative to the prohibitory' measures .adopted by the Australian Legislatures, to restrain the influx of Chinese immigrants. This epistolary contestwas commenced by an in dividual signing himself 1 Viator,' who, during a. recent visit to the colony of Victoria, dwelt ior> several weeks in the vicinity of a camp of 3,000 Chinese gold-diggers, and while there was so enamoured of their social, political/ and ipersonal-Jyirtues, that lie determined to appeal to the. Imperial Government on behalf of these oppres sed and ostracized people. The, ap pearance of the new Chinese treaty, with its liberal stipulations, as to the free and unrestricted afocess-to jtll parts of the Celestial Empire, renders it im - perative, contends this gentleman, that ,'th$ ' short-sighted and liberal' policy of tliecolonies should- never• be reveresd. Numerous letters pro. and con •- have subsequently appeared. The question is felt here to be one of, groat delicacy and difficulty, and will demand the most consummate tact: for its proper solu-. tion." . " . i; " Beech worth - Ath enjeu jr.—This evening a lecture will be delivered by Mr. G. W. Henderson, on Germany and the G ermans. After the lecture, a meet ing of .members wilt be held,to consider the present relations of the institution and -the Municipal Council. All inter ested in the welfare of the Athen;enm are earnestly invited to a'tend.' The last quarter's ticket will enable the holder to take part in the proceedings. Oriental Bank, Wangaratta | .branch.—We perceive from an adver tisement that the Oriental Bank Cor poration opens a banking agency at Wangaratta to-morrow. Surely there must be a great increase of business during the past few months in the above district—it's a good sign of the times. The Resident Warden.— Mr. Price left Beech worth-" yesterday for Melbourne. We believe his stay in the metropolis will be but short, and in the meantime, the duties of the office will j be performed by Mr. Drnmmond, Chi- J nese Protector. Polyglot News Letter.— We i have been favored with a copy of the | above publication, for this month, by 'Mr;. Ingram, bookseller. The illustra tion is that of' a " Bush Farm," which is certainly one of the best executed en gravingsithat has appeared in this new 1 production. The news is also of a very i important character, and is well worth transmitting home. Star5 Theatre—Shakespere's. play ■ of "'Hamlet " was performed here last night, Mr. Holt sustaining the charac ter of the Prince of Denmark. Hamlet is~?aid to be one .of this celebrated actor's greatest impersonations, and certainly his delineation of the charac ter last night was almost equal to any thing we have ever listened to, -on the colonial stage. Mrs.. Holt- was exceed ingly happy in her interpretation of his character of Gertrude, and Mr. Birch as the. Ghost .fully maintained the previous reputation of being- an excellent actor. This, ./evening' "Richelieu" is to be re-produced by particular request. The great success which- attended its ,la,st. representation augurs; well for a full house again to-night. ; D . Speculation and Rapid Com munication.—Steam Commuaio'ation and telegraphs do not seem in ail cases to ^ have destroyed or mitigated the effects' of distance as regards the value ofthe . same commodity in different markets. At least, whatever may be the case with articles of produce, such as'coffee or sugar, prices of public securities sometimes constitute an ex ception. Doubtless, if it were known in Mincing-lane that saltpetre could be bought in New York at 10 per cent, below the selling rate in London, allowing1 for freight and charges, orders would at once be sent out until the rates on both, sides had become equalized. Indeed, as: a general prin ciple, quotations, like water, find their level. If discount rise to 8 per cent, in Hamburg", the movement %vill soon cause an efflux from Paris, Vienna, London, and all surrounding' jiSSants, and its ripples, as the circle extends, will ultimately be felt at Rio Janeiro and at Boston. This is merely the result of an unfailing- desire of most people to buy . in the cheapest market and sell in the dearest. On Tuesday next, however, will be witnessed ^hel anomalous spectacle of a number of the shrewdest capitalists of this metvopol. s eagerly attending- in Leadenhall-street to hieI about £89 per cent, for an article which can be had of superior quality and in any quantity at Calcutta for £81 I os. The Pour per Cent. Debentures of the East Indian Govern ment, of which an additional £3,579,000 are about to be offered^ rest upon precisely the same security as the Four per Gent, paper at present current in India. The half-yearly dividends are receivable in each case with ease and punctuality, since, although those on the ordinary India paper in Calcutta, the latter will be remitted with perfect regularity and at* small expense' to English holders by the Bank; of Bengal, or any other bank or ^mercantile esta blishment by power of attorney. It is true the London debenturesSave. to be redeemed at par ,in five • years^/'.but people generally dor not prefeiv|aniih ^vestment destined to be paid off at a certain day without their option ; and moreover there can be no little doubt that If the - Indian Government find themselves in a position to, pay any thing in five years, the Four per' Cents.; in Calcutta will then be saleable at least at their present'price, or a little higher," so that the." investor in ' the; latter will have as good ah opportunity of getting- back his money if he should choose to do so. On his part, how ever, -the arrangement will be not compulsory, but according ' to his pleasure. • In fact, the only vital dif ference between the two securities is one which tells immensely in favour of the. cheapest. The dividends],oii- the loans contracted in India are payable in silver. The importance of this.. has been illustrated in the events of the past five years,; and ;with- the gbld dis-' coveries in British Columbia it is'' not; likely to be less worthy, of attention in calculations, connected with the next five years. Under these circumstances it seems evident that the moneyed classes; of Great Britain are not always impelled solely by sordid- calcu lations, and that theyv can., indug-e in fancy' or sentiment "a!s -|well^as other people,'and pay for it as readily. What the particular fancy is that makes them willing to give. 16 per cent, more for a commodity stamped " London" than for a similar one stamed " Calcutta" is a point jvhich.. ordinary calculators need hot try to fathom.—Times. .. ' Blight among the Gereais.— This antidious and all-prevailing . pest, the aphis, appeared in seyiei'alj portions of this district, and has attacked the growing ereal crop?. Mr.' Eyah Evan's, ofDapto, informs us that'he has had a large quantity of English barlej^ com pletely destroyed, by this, pestilence, Adjoining the 'barley is a wide area of grooving wheat and oats, which have not yet been touched,; but Mr. , E. expects7 that will next fall a prey to the aphis. Thebarle}"- was a splendid crop, and Mr. Evans had bestowed extraor- i dinary pains on its sowing and subse quent culture. A paddock of fine ! barley belonging to Mr. Armstrong, "at ICembla Grange, has also been com pletely destroyed by the same' enemy., | We have heard of various other cases._i Mr. Evans gives as a "reason why the aphis first attacked the barley where there were other crops growing-, that the barley is more juicy and sweeter , than either wheat or oats, and he expects the oats-to go next. He also remarked that the English barley is preferred by this insect in its attacks. We were also informed by Mr. H,: Waldron, of Spring- Hill, a few weeks ' back, that he has a large area of-wheat [ suffering from an attack of smut. What makes this more remarkable is,' that the usual precautions were taken J to clean the seed, smutty wheat had never been 'grown on the same ground before, and-the site is one not at all calculated to induce the visitation-— being, high, dry, and exposed to wind and warmth.. The only way to account for it is, that the smut has been earned by the wind from some other locality. Illmmrra Mercury. : ' Gold iit Guiana.—A correspon-, dent of the New York Tribune, who dates his letter from Cindad Bolivar, August the 20th says :—" Since my last I have visited the £>-old mines of Guiana, the veritable El Dorado, so fruitlessly sought for by Sir Walter Ra leigh. The mines were discovered about two years since by an Indian, while hunting in the woods for stray don keys. lie pulled up a bush and found a | large piece of pure gold at the roots, i He carried it to a German merchant at. i Tapeqween (six miles distant) and the" trader endeavoured to obtain the secret of its discovery from the Indian. He refused to give the required information and he was made drunk, and then cruelly beaten - until the secret was finally | wrung from him. - The discovery of these mines corresponds wfth the de-' scription given by Sir Walter Raleigh of the manner-in which the Indians ob tain their gold—viz. ' And being asked how they got the same gold they told us they, went to a certain down or plain, and pulled or digged up the grass by the root, which done, they took of the earth putting it in great buckets, which they carried to wash at the river. That these mines were known to the early Span iards is proved by the ieceut discovery of certain letters found in a trunk in the abandoned cathedral at Guasipte, 15 miles from Caratel. The mines are' undoubtedly exceedingly rich and large quantities of gold have already been discovered. In consequence, however, of the labour required to obtain it, and the deadly nature of the climate, they will not repay individual enterprise. Companies, well organised, with the re quisite machinery to work the r>oi,i j quartz, and drain the pools at the |ase of the various cascades,Jwill undoubted lj realize vast fortunes. During' ^ ..stay of four weeks at the mines then> were only about 60 miners engage Ja ' working-, and over 5,000 dols. in tr0j(j was found. One piece weighed f0U{ pounds and a-lialf.; The quartz is ex. ceecling-ly rich, and a charter has- been given to' a, company, composed mostly of citizens from New York, conferring upon them the e»«lusive privilege oF six'years of working- the quartz in Caratel and Tapequeen. 