THE WAT/1.1 Lti IX I Hi:LI XU, (Tlhiu 17tli ti'p!-) The Irish ltiy.'.iis revival have ken now !'<jr S'lim; lime cxciliugso Jiiu!i r:ir> iiy that tourists ;nj to tin: Koilll tos'.-o tlit- |;!i* uomciloii. Explanation lias liecn moru than usually inge nious, and p»yclwlwgist3 have |.(ougLt th'em under a particular head-the genus hysterical. It has been observed tic- preachers pitch their note at a particular height, and go on upon it, which note is ascertained to be the hysterical note known to medical men iis having a par ticular eflocfc upon nervous systems, working them un to a sort of frenzy, if long dwelt upon. We presume this explanation allows SOP'iC room for the forco of doctrine and theological influ ences as well, otherwise a pitehpipe could work a religious revival. As far as we can make out, there seems no particular difference between this Irish and other religious revivals. These manifestations are perfectly well- know facts of religious life. There arc local revivals going on always in the Methodist districts in this country ; it is only when the spiritualinoculationisona particularly large scale that it attracts notice, as it docs now. There appear to have been a great many of the common effects produced 011 this occasion, -people struck in a moment with violent over whelming impressions, which make them fall to the ground, where they lie stupefied 'or uttering cries. The feeling which throws the victim into this fit is said to be an intense sudden con viction of sin, which in an instant.lightens up the darkness within made visible by the moment ary glare. The sinner staits back in horror at the cavern in which lie. at once finds himself; he sees death straight before him; the revelation of Divine wrath is .to much'for the mortal frame to bear,! and he becomes insensible. This is " conversion." It is supposed that the dreadful vision is never parted with, even when the victim has revived after the prostration produced by the first sudden sight of it, but that it ac companies him through life, and makes it, as it were, impossible that he should fall back into habitual sin again. Miraculous effects, mar vellous coincidences, second-sights, sounds in the air, heavenly impulses, and mysterious visit ings from the invisible world accompany these occasions, and the Irish revival seems to have its share of them. Young women are particu larly favoured with thoso communications. The extracts from the Irish papers yesterday in our columm gave some instances. These minv culous impressions and voilcnt effects arc said, however, to be the exceptions, the main result of the movement being increased seriousness of the ordinary kind, crowded attendance at places of worship, and a general apparent awakening of religipikfccling.. ' . Vt; It must be remembered that the Dissenters have a different standard of conversion from that of the Church. Our sccts, aud especially the Methodists, look upon " conversion" as a sudden thing; they do hot recoguizc gradual conver sion, taking place insensibly in the course of time, as the result of slow ordinary influences ; individuals indeed may think this " conversion," but the popular creed only acknowledges the other kind. The sudden conversion of the indi vidua! being the ordinary rule, we have only to 1aii(i tile gregarious or sympat hetic principle, and : we sae immediately that extraordinary effects must be sometimes produced. So long as sudden individual conversion goes on in a scattered way, it is a quiet thing enough, but the instant people are convered suddenly, and also con icrtcd together, there is of coursc 8 scene, and a movement begins. All the conversions that would otherwise take place separately now take place congregationally, in public, amid the stimulants and exciteincnts of the preacher's appeals;spark kindles spark, the whole effect is multiplied tenfold by sympathy, each case of conversion intensities the one next to it, heightens its sensations, exaggerates its synip toms, and makes it more of a phenomenon. A Church of England congregation could never become a scene of this demonstrative sort, because if it were addressed ever so effectively and powerfully, if the preacher were nofc a Canon of Westminster, but an angel from i Heaven, its standard of conversion does not allow suddenness, or therefore give room to the action of sympathy. Three thousand of them might be undergoing conversion at once, and nobody would see anything; it would be all as noiseless .and as invisible as thought itself. The glacierliko movement would not attract the slightest attention, and the whole mass would go out of church looking very much the Kiuie as when they went in, becausa the process in their case is long and steady, takes its time docs not limry iuself, and has no tangible and sensible climax. There is no fear, then, that either St. Paul's or Westminster Abby will ever witness, after the most "awakening" succession of sermons in the naves, such ellects as these. Hut where the principle of sudden conversion ! reigns it must be always liable to an extraordi nary development under the influence of the' additional principle ofsympathy. The principle of sympathy gill produce a scene, one will produce another scene, ami so the movement will spread. It is difficult to measure exactly the praise or the blame of a whole religious like the present one in Ireland. Religion, unfortunately, hardly oicr gets the aid of impulse and excitement without getting a great deal more of it than it wants, and. being overwhelmed by its ally. But it does want a certain amount of this, and therefore when it gets it, even though the ex cess will be injurious, it will have gained an ad vantage to a certain point. A great many people have, doubtless, hrul serious impressions implanted in them at such times, which they never afterwards lose. Even the fanatical ex cesses of such a movement bear witness, amid their, extravagance and their delusions, to the deep power of the religions principle in human nature, to its reality and life. The fault ap pears to be, when we sift the matter to the bottom, that they make a spiritual luxiuy and a dramatic excitement .of a principle which was implanted m human nature as a- motive to action. Tlic sense of the supernatural is most excellent as a basis, something at the bottom of the mmd which makes it act with reference to another world. But if this sense of the super natural is drawn out. of its modest practical place, in which it does most real service and work, up to the surface of things, and indulged in on its own account simply as bavin" to°do with the supernatural and invisible world it then becomes a mere luxury and excitement just like auy dratiiatic appeal to any passion or sentiment. It is evident what an intense interest all forms of allusion to the supernatural world all conjeeturc3 about it, even the wildest fancies about it, when vividly expressed, create. Any-! body who has heard a good ghost story well told has observed this. These revivals do in a' different form, surround people for the'time with an atmosphere ofsupematuralism,withits characteristic interests and attractions. People feel as if they were relieved from the dry pro saic pressure.of common life, and were trans planted to a scene of spontaneous wonder and mystery, lyhere deep impressions were the order of nature,'and could be got'and sustained with out effort. These violent demonstrations-rtho sudden prostration, the horror, the stupefaction, the ecstasy-all speak of invisible influences ;\t work around them, and impart tho idea of belonging to another world. Tho idea is sus tained professedly as a conscientious duty, but it is really indulged as an unconscious luxury -a spiritual luxury-a luxury of religious sen timent and imagination. This is a form of pleasure and excitement which is not confined to medircvalists, or poets, mesmerists, or spirit rappers; the rigid Puritan is as open to it as the reader of romances, and the Irish Presbyte rian, Baptist, and Independent Revivalist feels it mlns-way as much as the Romanist believes in Virgin s riots and Addoloratasl ' ' ' Bie Cincinnati papers give an account of a melancholy tragedy which lias reccntlv taken place in that town. It appears that a young man, named Thomas Eugene do Marbais, had a wife hying;m an improper house in Plum-street. He liacl five times previously attempted to kill .himself and his wife. One evening ho sent the following note to his wife" Send me word by the boy, may I come and see you? I wait an answer at the corner. I cannot exist without seeing you." Let me come) must see you very soon.Oh, Blanche 1 Blaqchc 1 Blanche! I am vpeyrepentant. Dome, come. I cannot live 'Wittot seeing. you.". Ahqut eleven o'clock ?t night he called at called at the house in street,'and desirod to see his wife. - She came down to, see' hiiri, and he told her he wanted to walk out with her, and said he, " I am going to kill you.". .She said6lte was not afraid, and they walked out together. Soon after the police were startled by hearing two pistol reports at the corner of Plum- street and Kighth-strcet. Thoy immediately ran to the spot, and found Blanche sitting up quietly, while fla Uybais iyas tjtctcncd Qt, fall length on the pavement apparently dead. Upon being assisted up' De .Marbais exclaimed, " There is no one to blame but inc. I did it." Blanche said, 1 I came out of tho house to die." She then added, " Oh, my daughter, oil, mv daughter! Her daughter, it seemed, was with Marsh troupe. Upon examination it was fonnd that Blanche was shot in the I,-ft breast just above the nipple, and that lie .Marbais was shot in the ri;ht ear. The latter said they had taken thirty grains of morphine divided in in tivo ii0, lions. IJlur.irhe io r. yomj./ woman cf areat beauty, ruvl iun a sweet t'ouutawwe. Jt U thought she is French. De Marbais is a voun" man who had been well olj; but had l.-itclv'/jikn into a state (if great want and misery, and had been in the m-ro minstrelsy business. Several letters were found upon him addressed to his wile and mother and sisters. In the-;., letter- he speaks of the extreme distress to which he had been reduced; that the public of this uld hearted eity h el refuse,] I i" ,,np!,.vni, ht, and >e lad neen leu de,:;:un, lie earnestly repeats ic.'\ !'? 'Kl 1 '"v 1,1 '''s «»d how fiutlilu! s.ie h:u\ bton to liiiu uuUl ],oeu t0 Witt gre.it. r uUU He s:iys tin* principal cause of his nii firtunes arose fioiu the conduct of a eleik in a large drug store. That if u man did wroii^ once they would not |;:-lp him, but tram pled him wider t{-j ;;oes on to xtati that tli" t:.b.-a by liimsMf and his wife h id I (J.'ii taken dulhejat.-iy, ;.,ud because l!;ey p;e ferred death to a dishonourable Hie, 