A Degenerate Noble is like a turnip, there is nothing good of him but that which is under grounds — or rhubarb, a contemptible shrub that springs from a noble root. He has no more title to the worth or virtue of his ancestors, than the worms that were engendered in their dead bodies, and yet he believes he has enough to exempt himself and his posterity from all things of that nature for ever. This makes him glory in the antiquity, of his family, as if his nobility were the better the further off it is in time as well as desert from that of his predecessors. He supposes the empty title of honor sufficient to serve his turn, though he has spent the sub stance and reality of it, — like the fellow who sold his ass, but would not part with the sha. dow of it, — or like Apicius, that sold his house and kept the balcony to see and be seen in. And because he is privileged from being ar rested for his debts, supposes he has the same freedom from all obligations he owes humanity and his country, because .he is not punishable for his ignorance and want of honor, no more than poverty or unskilfulness is in other profes sions, which the law supposes to be punishment enough in itself : he is like a fanatic, that con tents himself with the mere title of a saint, and makes that a privilege to act all manner of wickedness ; or like the ruins of a noble struc ture, of which there is nothing left but the foundation, and that obscured and buried under the rubbish of the superstructure. The living honor of his ancestors is long ago departed, dead and gone, and it is but the ghost and shadow of it that haunts the house where it once lived, with horor and disquiet. His no bility is truly descended from the glory of his fathers, and may be rightly said to full to him, for it will never rise again by his means to the height it was in them : and he succeeds them as candles do the office of the sun. The confi dence of nobility has rendered him ignoble, as the opinion of wealth makes some men poor : aud as those who are born to estates neglect- industry and have no business but to spend, so he, being born to honor, believes he is not fur ther concerned than to consume and waste it.. He is but a copy, and so ill done, that there is no line of the original in him, but the sin only. He is like a word that by ill custom and mis take has utterlylost the sense of that from which it was derived, and now signifies quite the con trary, — for the glory of noble ancestors will not permit the good or bad of their posterity to be obscure. He values himself only upon his title, — which, being only verbal, gives him a wrong account of his natural capacity ; for the same words signify more or less according as they are applied to things, — as ordinary and extra ordinary do at court; and sometimes the greater sound has the less sense,— as in accompts through four be more than three, yet a third in proportion is more than a fourth. — Butler (the author of Hudibras), 1660. Rape.— It is stated by the Ballarat Times that the young man Siddous, convicted at the present sitting of the Circuit Court, of rape upon a child of eight years of age, and under sentence of death, has confessed to the llev. Mr Searle that he committed that crime, but denies that he is guilty of the heinous ac companying atrocity with which he was charged. He also denied that he had a dog with him when he committed the offence. We will only say that the evidence on these points appeared as clear as that upon which he was convicted of the separate act of whioh he acknowledges his guilt, and will refrain from ' ascribing any Motives for those denials. 