Quid venan atque decent, euro et rogo, et omnis in hoe wr WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1859. The whole question with respect to* Female Go&victs; having been solved, and all agita tion set at rest, we can afford coolly to examine the subject with reference to the past. The opinions of some of the members of our Executive Council, printed in a recent Blue Book and published by us in last week's issue, must have provoked a quiet smile among many of our readers. It is but seldom that the proceedings of this body obtain publicity, and, were it not for the official Blue Books, the colony and world at large would be blissfully uncon scious that so much wisdom, was lying dormant among us. The CoiiOMAX Seceeta-HT has the honour 3f having made the most impudent, and the [ate Advoca.te GesteeaIi the most extraor linary statements. The former gentleman listinctly stated that from personal investi gation he was sure that the majority of the colonists were in favour of obtaining Female Convicts, and believed that they wer» never so ready to receive them as at that time, tt would be gratifying to know who were ibe persons he interrogated, and how many lie questioned, for it is somewhat strange ;hat not long after the enunciation of that -piuiou an address to the Secretary of State, — signed by 338 of the most respectable and nfluential of the colonists, protesting igainst the introduction of this class, and isserfcing that the recent vote in the L,egisr ative Council on the subject was not an expression of public opinion — was forwarded :o the Governor, and by him submitted to Mr Secretary Labouchere. It may well be isked, then, where were^he majority of the settlers to whom the Colotax Seceetahy alluded, and who were they f The wild jpinions hazarded, that we should be ' com pelled' eventually to sue for these women, bhat we should be 'forced' to accept whatever terms the Home Government might choose ao make, were proved to be fallacious in a very [narked manner on the receipt of the Secre tary of State's despatch, which settled the matter so far as the intentions of the Home Grovernment were concerned. The argument of the Advpcate Geke r\l is based upon two fallacies; first, that ill free immigrant girls ave necessarily bad ; second, that all convict women are necessa rily good. He starts with saying that he is convinced the introduction of the latter would be 'a clear boon and positive bles sing,' and he forms this opinion upon his experience as a practising barrister — what- ever connection that may have with the question at issue. He then describes a female immigrant. She is indebted to luck or the ability of her counsel for an acquittal in the Criminal Court ; she is rapacious ; her holiday finery suggests that she is something very naughty; she is thriftless, untrustworthy, and indecorous. The female convict, on the contrary, is ' emphatically' her superior in thrift, trustworthiness, and decomm. Unlike her more fortunate fellow criminal, she has not had luck or able counsel, and so she is transported; she cannot, therefore, corrupt the free immi grant but may improve her, and she, her self, will not steal so much in a month as the immigrant wastes in a week ; she has been transported, not because of her own personal depravity, but from her position in a particular gang; she is far from slow witted, and, not being itlind to her own interests, will pause before she descends to vice. Having thus impartially described both classes, the opinionist advocates the intro duction of the most virtuous but less fortunate of the two on the score of the inequality of the sexes. The opinion of the Council was demanded with respect to the advisability of admitting a fetv Female convicts ; but a few female convicts would not do much towards equalizing the sexes, and as the late Advocate Geseeax had previously demolished the free immigrants, contending that a conviction was the only certificate of character, it is hard to imagine bow he intended to obtain the desired equalization. He maintained that the tide of popular feeling had changed and was now flowing in the direction he desired, but admitted that the country settlers were generally against the scheme, who, by the bye, are the people who have a more direct and permanent interest in the matter than any other section of their fellow colonists. He further assumes that the op ponents to his scheme, or some of them, deny to female convicts ' the reality of con trition, the possibility of amendment, or the blessings of Christianity.' This, we need scarcely state, is indeed a mere assumption, and a very absurd one. The question is not whether we desire the reformation of a certain class, but whether we desire to have that class living among us. We may earnestly desire the reformation of a burglar and yet not be anxious to have his society in. bis professional capacity. Besides, con trition, amendment, and the blessings of Christianity are evidently, according to his own showing, more required by ttie emi grant than the convict female, and therefore they ought the rather to engage our bene volent attentions. :v.v y :1' Having pointed out the richest gems in this collection of ' State' documents, we will only, in conclusion, observe that the opponents to the scheme briefly expressed in well-fitting language, and with logical pre cision, the various weighty arguments Which have all along been used against the proposed measure, and which the Secretary of State has adopted in his able despatch. It is unnecessary for us to raise the ghost of a second discussion, for any one who is inclined to study colonial history may refer to the documents themselves as printed in our journal. The arguments used by Colonel Bhuce are unanswerable. Let us hope that the statesmanlike qualities pos cessed by the members of our Executive may never be required upon a similar occasion, and that the whole question, de bated so freely at the time, may be con sidered for ever buried in the recesses of the past. 