EE VIEW. Idylls of the King. By jAieeed TenwtsON, -D.C.L., Poet Laureate. Mozon, & Co. M'Jie JJritisIi public have once more been delighted by fresh poems from the pen of Tennyson, and ere long the -whole Anglo-Saxon race, so far as they prize the highest style of poetic composition, will have made themselves acquainted with their contents. The theme of the " Idylls" may be best indi cated by their motto, " Flos itegum Arthurus," indicating that our Laureate poet has been1 busying himself still further with that legendaiy lore from which he gave the world his " Mort. d'Arthur" some years ago. Indeed from all we can gather, and we have not the volume before us, the "Iydlls," so far as three out of the four poems designated by that term are concerned, may be regarded as an addition to, if not as a completion of, the " Mort d'Arthur." The other, which is the first of the four, entitled the 45 Enid," says the Daily News, is probably taken from some of the many other legends not in cluded in the prose digest. "Enid" and " Elaine," which is the third, are much longer than the other two, and have also in the number and. variety of incidents more of epical breadth and fulness about them. Enid is the. wife of " brave Geraint, a knight of Arthur's Court, and tributary Prince of Devon." He loves her with a passionate devo tion, and watches over her with shell jealous care, that on the rumour of the Queen's love for Lancelot he removes her from Court, lest from Enid's great tenderness for Guinevere she should suffer any taint of nature .. _... —- wherefore going to rhe King, He made this pretext, that his princedom la; Close On the borders of .a territory, - - Wherein were bandit Earls and caitiff Knights, " Assassins, and ail flyers bom the hand Of Jostiee, and whatever loathes a law; And therefore, till the King himself should please To cleanse this common sewer of all his realm, He craved a Mr permission to depart. And there defend his marches; and the king ■ Mused tor a little'on his pies, bnt last, Allowing it, the Prince and Enid rode, And fifty knights rode with them, to the shores Of Severn, and they past to their own land; Where, thinking, that if ever yet was wile True to her lord, mine shall be so to ms, ' He compais'd her with sweet cbservances And worship, never leaving her, and grew Forgetfal of his promise to the king, Forgetfal of the falcon and the hunt, Forgetfal of the tilt and tournament, Forgetfal of his glory and his name, . _ Forgetful of his princedom and its cares. And this forgetfalness was hatefol to her. And hy ami fej the people; when they met . In twos or threes, or fuller companies. Began to scoff and jeer and bsbole of him As .of a prinoe whose manhood was all gone, And molten down in'mere uxoriousnee*. And this she gatherid bom the people's eyes; This too the women who attired her head. To please her, dwelling on his boundless love. Told Enid, and they aadden'd her the more: And day by 'day she thought to tell Geraint, Bdtoonlduot out of bashful deUcaoy; While he that watoh'd her sadden, was the more Suspicions that her nature had a taint _ She laments aloud" * one morning, .while. Geraint etill. sleeps, over this csoasbf gnef ;• ■ and he, awaking,: bears' confusedly her pelt- ■ reproachful fear that she fads in duly as a true wife. In sudden jealousy he falsely suspects : her of unfaithfulness,; and, , to prove both his own valour and her fidelity, commands her to set out with him at once, without provisions Or attendants, for the; wfldoiuuse;; "After many perilous" adventures,' » one'of wl.mh he is sorely wounded; he discovers his error, and re turns to a deeper even than his first-love and trust The main -Interest of the poem lies in the picturesque and vivid narrative-of these adventures. But there "is an episode in the early part which is as exquisite as anything in the poem. It is an account of the chivalrous expedition in which the brave deraint first saw, and wooed, and won- his bride. Bnid herself recalls it on that ead morning when he bid her so abruptly " put on her worst and meanest dress," and ride fprth into the wilderness with him.. We can only extract a descriptive passage from this adventure, which arose out of an insult offered by the attendant dwarf of a stranger knight to a waiting maiden of the Queen while she watches the hunt on a knoll beside the- wood. Prince Geraint was directed by the Queen to follow and find out who the proud unmannerly kni At might be:— And Prince Geraint, now thinking that he beard The noble hart at bay, now the far horn, A -little vext at losing of the bant, A little at the vile occasion, rode, ' By una and downs, through man; a grassy glade And valley, with fixt eye following the three. At last they issued from, the world of wood, And climbed upon a fair and even ridge, - And showed themselves against the sky. and sank. And thither came Geraint, and underneath Beheld the long street of a little town In a long valley, on one side of which, White from the mason's hand, a fortress roSe ; And on one side a castle in decay. Beyond a bridge that, spanned a dry ravine; And ont of town and valley came a noise , As of a broad brook o'er a shingly bed Brawling, or like a clamour of the rooks At distance, ere they settle for the night. . The little town is so full of bustle^ preparing for a tournament next day, that Geraint can at first obtain no reply to his enquiries about the strangers, or even as to where he may lodge liim-elf, hat is at length directed to the ruined castle. Then rode Geraint into the castle court; His charger trampling many a prickly star Of sprouted thistle on the broken stones, fie looked and saw that all was ruinous. Here stood a shatter'd archway plumed with fern ; And here bad fallen a great part of a tower. Whole, like a crag that tumbles from the cliff. And like a crag sras gay with wilding dowers: And high above s piece of turret stair. Worn by the feet that now were silent wonad Bare to thesnn, and moastrous ivy- stems Clasptthe gray walls with hairy-fibred arms, And enek'd the joining of the stones, and lookM A knot, beneatb.cf snakes—aloft, a grove. - And while he waited in the castle court, The voice of Enid, VnioL's daughter, rang Clear thro' the opening casement of the hall, Singing; and as the sweet voice of a bird. Heard by.tbe lauder in a lenely isle. Moves him to think what kind of bird it is : That sings so delicately clear, and make Conjecture of the plumage and the form; So the sweet voice of Enid moved Geraint, And made him like a man abroad nt mom " When first the liquid note beloved of men Comes fljing ever many a windy ware To Britain, and in April suddenly Rrantra frnm a wmniiw Breaks from a coppice gemm'd with green and red, And he suspends his converse with a friend Or it may be the labour of his hands, To think or say," there is the nightingale So fared it with Geraint; who thought aodsrid, " Here, by God's grace; is the one voice for me." One more passage from the later adventures in the wilderness will be sufficient to illustrate the finished- art; both of narrative and descrip tion, that characterizes these " Idylls And in the moment after, wild Limonra, Borne on a black horse, like a thunder-cloud Whose skirts are looeen'd by the breaking storm, Half ridden off with by the thiDg ba rode, . And allin passion uttering'a dry shriek, Dash'd on Geraiat, who closed with him and bore Down by the length of lance and arm beyond The cruppet, and so left him stuan'd or dead, And overthrew the next that foUow*d him, And blindly rnsh'dna all the rout behind. . Bat at the flash and motion of the man They vanish'd panic-stricken, like a ahosl Of darting fish, that on a summer morn Adownthe crystal dykes at Camelot Come slipping o'er their shadows on the eand. Bat if a man who stands upon the brink - Batlift a shining "hand against the son. There is not left the twinkle of a fin Betwixt the cressy islets white in flower, "So, scared bat at the motion of the man. Pied all the boon companions of the Ead, - And left him lyingin the public wsy; So vanish friendships only made In wine. - Tlie main features of these new poems ar» their Homeric breadth," picturesqueuess, and simplicity as wholes,-and the exquisite delicacy and finish of the parts. They contain not a trace of (hat metaphysical" subtlety of thought and obscurity of expression which mar some of Tennyson's best poems; and they Are a de lightful contrast to that large class of recent poems mainly occupied with dreary mono logues,cohBumirfg" selfintrospeclipn, and the morbid analysis of isolated and ,unhealthy emotions. There is-a dewy freshness in the landscapes, a glow, and life-niad health in th» heroes, a breadth of human interest, and a con crete reality in the whole-picture which makes it as invigorating as it ifl delightful. The " Idylls" hare the ymd ease add simplicity of Homer with the wild- picturesqiierieas of oust own Spenser. The prevailing scenery, indeed, in its vast expanses of wood and waste and water, its grey castled heights and green hollows^ is thoroughly Spenserian. But the narrative is far mom distinct and simple than in the "Eaeiy Queen." It is not weakened by long descrip tions, nor broken by elaborate pauses of moral reflection. It is,, as we have said, purely Homeric. This is strikingly illustrated in tha exquisitely bappyT>ift~atrthe same time sparing use of epithets. Homer rarely uses more than a single, epithet, "either simple or compound. This is very much the. case in these poems. And .the. compound epithets are often Homeric in form—" dusky-raftered many-cob webbed, hall," "many-wintered fleece of throat and chin," "rusBet-bearded head," shadow- casting men" (opposed to ghosts), "isle-nurtured -eyes," and the like. -- Surely mora than one or two epithets are used, and if more he needed to make the description perfect a 'simile ic added. The "Idylls" abound with brilliant imagery of this kind, often derived from water in motion, either of the sea or of rapid inland streams. But we cannot pause to extract these gems, and the readers of the poems will find them "'and enjoy them for them selves. - _ The " Idylls of the King" are perfeet of their kind, and we can only hope they are not the last we are destined to receive from Mr. Tenny son. They have the same virtues, in even a higher degree, which have made the " Morfc d'Arthur" so well remembered. We have here the results of the most careful and loving study of the - old legends touching the Hound Table, and the . profoundeat insight .into what is beautiful in nature and nobly.simple in human life and character, presented in tha most perfect forms of art, that art, too, being of the, highest order. . ' A Visit to Robinson Cbusob's Island.— While on board the ship Golden Bucket, lying at Greenich Doek,wewere permitted by Cap tain C. Ni Pendleton to . examine hisj log-book, in which he gives an account of his visit to the Island of Juan Fernandez (Robinson Crusoe's island). The ship was on- her last passage to this port from Boston, and had on board SS'passengers (25 of whom were ladies), who intended to make California their future place of residence. Getting short of water, Captain Pendleton decided to stop at Juan Ferpandez for a further supply," and" therefore shaped his course thither—the island being nearly in his track. At 6 p.m. on the evening of .March 24 they doubled the eastern end of the island, and at 7 rounded to off the Bay of St. Joseph, at the head of whioh the few inha bitants now remaining on the island are located. The facilities for loading water at "the island Captain Pendleton represents to be not very good. The casks most be taken on-shore and filled, rolled back into the watei^ and par buckled into the "boat. While the crew were At this work the" passengers rambled off in different directions to" make disco-reriea. The island is about: 25 miles long by about four in breadth. The" land is - very high, rising in ragged precipitous peaks—one of them, called Tnnkqne, 3,5S0 feet above-thelcyel of the sea. The peaks are generally overhung with -clouds. < Tha valleys- are exceedingly fertile; the grass-growing—to the height pf six or eight feet. Figs, strawberries, patches, and cherries-abound In their season. The Golden Socket was there in the season of peaches, and the valleys and hillsides were nail of trees loaded down with delicious fruit,7 Captain Pendleton bought four barrels of the inhabi tants, and the passengers about as many more. Strawberries flourish best in December and January. There are three remarkable caves in the side of the hill filing - the. harbour, about 30 feet in length, 26 feet in Width, and about the same in height. The inhabitants now number 14, of whom-Messrs, Day and Kirkaldie,from Valparaiso,are the chipf persons, they having been appointed overseers by the Chilian Government. Formerly a penal colony, numbering 500, ' was located here;- and the caves aboyementioned were used by them, but the project was found to be impracticable, and "the convicts were taken -back to the mainland. The Golden Socket anchored on the opposite side from that npon which Selkirk lived, and there being a mountain to cross, to reach fihft Robinson Crusoe abode; no one .yentured to make the journey. The best landing is on the eastern side, but tbe.trater is 20fathomB deep at the head of the bay, and in Some) laces so bold is the shore that-a'boat tied by her painter and drifting.-to' thB limite would 'be in 75 fathoms. An immensenumberof goats are running wild over .the .island, and abundance of fish are taken on every coast. Thp water is obtained, from aVnumber'Afneyer tailing rivulets, trickline down overJthe'rocks from tfie cloud-capped iQounbuns,^ San lYancitco Imes. 