TO TUB ELECTORS OF WEST. OEELONfl. (Per ft tor of the Geetoiig Advertiser,) I Uextleiibn,-The time has agaiu arrived when the question again and again recurs Who arc to be the men '? and indeed after all 'tis an important question. The present time is not so fraught, with anticipations that we should lie inert and cold. The question applies to us- our individual interests-to the interests of every man amougst us. It would seem there are three men solicit ing our votes-Mr Brewer, Mr Brooke, aud Mr.Harrison. We must clecttwo. Of Mr Brewer this much may be said: he appears a gentleman; and, though ft stranger, should meet with tiie.futlest sympathy, if not assist ance. I have heard him, and I think he scarcely comes up to the standard that we require. It appears to ino he is rather too closely conuected with the present govern ment to be satisfactory. Now, as an elector, and as one who notes somewhat what is done in high places, I consider that nq expressed supporter of the present administration de serves the shadow of a vote. If our morals are to take a high tone-if our ministers are in their conduct to be the relics of the I wisdom and meaning of the age-then every good man, every one wishful for real pros perity, a social progress biiscd on the foun dation of truth and right aud manly feeling, must desire-must demand- the removal of the O'Shanassy administration. Mr Brewer says he will not vote for their removal; and really I don't see how he could,-a relation to Chapman, a holder of. briefs for the government-having a linger in the pie, and a possibly rare and beautiful vista opening into tlie future of progressive benefit,-every instinct would be alive to protect O'Shanassy aud aid Chap man, and. hob a nob with "one per cent, more" Miller, and thus protect himself. So I must consider this is against him. Every moral feeling, every conscientious instinct, every hope of real progressive movement is concerned in th{- removal of the present government Even the ghosts of the victims of the Aduielk shriek it-Down with a venal, a corrupt, a selfish government. It appears to me also that his views are1 not satisfactory in reference to protection., lie is emphatically a free trader, and every operative who does not vote for a thorough redistribution and alteration of the present tariff aids in committing political suicide. As a working man at iscwtown Hotel last even ing said, though his fellow working meu would not hear him, (shame)-" keep the cash in the country." Agaiu, Mr Brewer's conclusions in refer ence to retrenchment don't go far enough. Fellow clectoK, as a country, we arc living beyond "our means; but we can't see it in cuusequeucc.of tb'c gold dust in our eyes, but yet it is a fact-a ruinous fact, and cach day we shall become" weaker and weaker, and auluo ui' these Hue dnya tlio shadow of a nioo income-tax will loom upon your goods and chattels. It must come, uidess you rctreucli. Tiiea begin witii the Governor. Tliey say lie swallows fifteen thousand acres of land every year. Fellow electors, believe me; let us look at the fact like men. Fifteen thousand a year for a Governor! and in proportion downwards. Verily we pay too dear for our whistle. Then let us insist on retrenchment -nothing cloudy, obscure, a Will o' the wisp sort of Brewery retrenchment, but one neces sary for our present position-retrenchment to suit the times. Mr Brewer has no certain claims upon our 1 affection, and his principles arc equally sha dowy-as shadowy as the impartiality of his chairman; but let that pass. We want two good men," and fortunately for us; at tills juncture two geutleuieu present them selves-Mr Harrison and Mr Brooke.^ As to | the first it would be a perennial stain upon our name were he not top ot the poll, as he i*a man every way deserving of our con fidence ; 'and as for Mr Brooke-let us speak well of the bridge that hands us safe over he deserves the position'he seeks; but with your permission, more of these two another day. -Yours respectfully, bANDEBS THOTHAS. 