CONGREGATIONAL TASMANIA. UNION ANNUAL ASSEMBLY AT GREEN PONDS. The Ministers and Delegates of the Congregational Union of Tasmania, assembled at Green ponds on Wednesday and Thursday, for the transaction of the usual business. The expected presence of the Rev. Thomas Uinney, Minister of the Wcigb-housc Cliapci, London, rendered the meeting additionally attractive—and a number of ministers,delegates,and visitors from Oobarton Lounceston, and intervening districts, arrived on Wednesday, by different conveyances, the towuship presenting an unusually animated appearauce in consequence. The Independent Chapel (Rev. W. Waterfield, Minister), was the place of meeting]; and according to arrangements the proceedings opened by Divine Service there, the Rev. Thomas Binney having engaged to preach before the Union. The Chapel was fall, and the Kev gentleman took for his text 1 Corinthians, chap. 1, vcr6es 21 to 24— [For after that in the wisdom of God the ! world by wisdom knew not God, it j pleased God by the foolishness if preaching to save them that believe. For the Jews require ft tign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom; bat we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumbling block, and unto the Greeks foolishness; but unto lliem which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ;the power of God, and tho wisdom of God. A collection was made in aid of the funds of the Colonial Missionary Society amounting to £16 10s. At the conclusion of the service, pro forma meeting was held in the Cbapel, when the names of the Ministers aad Delegates were called over, amoDg whom were — MINISTERS. Kev. THOS. BIN-NET, (visitor from London.) , Rev. AV. WATERFIELD. Greenponds. Rev. F. MILLER, Brisbans street, Hobart Town. Rev. G. CLARKE, Davey street, Hobart Town. Rev. J. NISBET, Congregational Church, New Town. Rev. C. PRICE, Tamar street, Launoes ton. Rev. W. LAW, St. John's Square, Launceston. Rev. H.B. GILES, Franklin, Huon. Rev. A. BLACKWOOD, Cambridge and Richmond. Rev. W. DAY, Hobart Town. Kev. — SHIPPHIRD, Bagdad and Brighton. DELEGATEES Hobart Town.—Brisbane street Church.— Messrs. Woollcy, Perkins, Lumsden W. Giblin, Rolwegan. E. Kout. Davey street Church.—Messrs. H. Hop kins, J. Facy, B. Rout, and — Searlc. Launcestoa.—Tamar street—Mr. Akenhead. St. John's Square —Mr Powell. GREENroiiDS.—Mr. Gorringe. In addition to the above, were Mr. R. E, Dear, the Secretary of the Bible Society, oauer, j. Urosh}-."S:evens, Davis, Ellis, Bell, &c;„ &c.; The Rev. Mr. Nisbet acted as Secretary. Messrs. Basil Rout and R. E. Dear were elected scrutineers to the Assem bly. The appointment of Chairman was next considered, with reference to the fact that the Rev. Mr. Law was to have filled the office, but that reverend gentleman relinquished it in favor of the Rev. Mr. Binney, who was unanimously requested to preside. Mr. Binney acquiesced, and took the Chair accordingly. An application was received for the admission of the Rev. Mr. Shipphird to the Uuion. The Assembly adjourned morning at half-past nine o'clock. THURSDAY, MAHCII 37. to the next The Ministers, Delegates, and Friends mustercdstrongly at iiaif-pait 9 o'clock. The President (Mr Binney) having given out a hymn, (which was sung) he read a portion of scripture, 1 Peter, ch. 5, and offered prayer. THE CUARGE. Mr. Binney then commenced his Charge to his honored nnd bclured brethren, who had placed him in that Chnir, and which he had accepted, believing the grounds of their choice to be tho circumstance of his having come from the father-land, and having had some experience in connection with tinir congregational brethren there. He assumed no powers but such as belonged to one chosen to preside over a public Msembly, a Brother presiding over brethren. Ho pretended to no faculty but what was possessed by every pastor, or what might be expected of one who had had experience, of a public life for five and thirty years, and, he might say, one who had the recollections and feelings inspired by the rela tions of a man and »n Englishman. Ia thus apprising before taf m, it had occurred to him that he might address them on a subject which had been brought prominently btfore the christian public in these lands j He referred to the idea of the linion of lrotestant Evangelical Denominations contained in letters addressed to himself by tho Lord Bishop of Adelaide. These letters contained many important suggestions; but he could not apprehend that they were made to him in a representative character, inasmuch as he did not come out to these colonies to represent any Body. But in reference to the CongregationalistB, he observed, that »h?y involved in their views and their statements none but themselves; aad in what he was about to say, he spoke for himself and none other; although it might come to pass that they might accept and concur in what they heard. He had, n j Ver b!cn ' somewhat unexpectedly called on to address a number of brethren in the ministry and delegates from various pThnroi, and delegates from various jr-Mwa exchacge of pulpits by the ministers of the Church of England and those of other donominations. The other had respect to the union of all Bodies in one great while. These two questions sprung from opposite quarters and were the surgestions of difierent minds ; though simultaneously biought forward, they were separate in their origin j end he (Mr Binney) bad nothing to do with either, except being the innocent medium ot both (a laugh), _ The list question was of episcopal origin j the other was started by certaiu lay members of the Episcopal Church ; and he (Mr Binney) hardly knew which of the two surprised him most. Bnt the two ques'.ions got confounded ; and his object now, was, to consider the Bishop's tuggistione, to look at htB lordship's idea of the church of Ihe Future. His lordship's letters could not be read without admiration. The pleasant dream of union was so pleasantly told, it was so beautifully depicted that they did not at first see w hat i: really was, what it included Mr Binney in treating tho subject, E3)d lie thou'd first endeavor to ascenaia what hiB lordship's idea really seemed to be : then to offer some remarks upon it, with reflections on certain ccclesias'.ical matters. After several introductory paragraphs, the bishop proposed the two following questions:— I. Whether lieuier an uu uuiwaju outward Union, um-ju, ouwjo- suppis- mgno essential truth of the Gospel be compromised, is iestrable am ngst Protestuit and Evangelical Churches ? and II. What are the principles and conditions on which such Unfoa should be „ . , p It was not necessary to say much on the first head, for all were convinced that some more open and distinct union among the Bodies which hold the Head, so as to approach tion, or to absolute uniformity. Thty could admit that it wou'd be well if some mo c visible proof were given to the world [hat the different Protestant Bodies were substantially one. Mr Binney, at some length, noticed the bishop's scheme of union and spoke of tho great words, the beautiful words descriptive of an august mission to be accomplished, and the bishop's readiness to give up his state-nominated episcopacy, — and then, compulsuy uniformly of Divine l)ivinc worship, in order to conduce to the ae i>e S union ; but requiring the acceptance of an | orthodox creed, the use in common of a I settled liturgy (not to the exclusion of free 1 prayer) and an episcopate, freely elected by the united evangelical churches. Hav- 1 ing stated the substance of his lordship's ideaofthe "church of the future," Mr , Binney proposed to submit to the meeting , his views and impressions of the bishop's ' jU I The first remark he made was this, that , there appeared to him to be discord, two ' opposing tones running through the docu- j ments, inconsistent with each other, and ! which tended to destroy the effect. On | the first perusal, they were struck with : the number of notes of the most musical j sweetness which told on their ear, as paragraph after paragraph was presented (Ho read por'iotis of the letters in illustration). Such were some of the glittering wavelets of the golden thread which ran through the Bishop's letter. But the music was marred by the notes which leferred to the superiority of the Church of England above those whose orders were declared," by the tradition of eighteen cen turies," to be irregular: wlinRB,ui' cs ''"'- n,s^ : 0 wo ' u 'd not sav, 1 schism, but aichostacy, a standing apart. rh" feelings of the man in these letters, I however now and then, got the better of j the spirit of the ecclesiastic. j the second remark Mr. Binney offer, d was, that thp Bishop's scheme crnti-raplated not only the recognition of different denominations as parts of tho pr.iposed union, but it was to bo so worked as to maintain the supremacy of the English Episcopate ; and there was, throughout, an air of condescension which was more " W i h repel than to conciliate. He (Mr. Binney) did not attach much importance to ordeis: he believed more in that prophetic impulse, gi't aud call, referred to in the ordination of a minister of the Church nf England, who professed to be m ° Te ? y = he Ghost > to ta ke «n him- Bell the office: a solemn tlnught, impressive and feublim , a looking to office in the Church, not as a profession, but a vocation. That was a reality ; the words presented an impressive and a grand idea, bat if only words, and whenever the formula WBB iisud, if it was only a formula, then the thing was terrible. Attaching, as he (Mr. Binney) did, morj importance to what (jnd imparted than what man could confer, heb lievtd admission to the ministry ought to be closely watched and solemnly conducted. Jt was not they alone, bat all ministers in every Church who only had received Prcsbvterian ordination, ell over Europe and the world, to whom the Bishop offered his Church of til- Future With regard to the Episcopate, so insisted on, Mr Binney incidentally remarked that be did not woDder at the Bishop holding Episcopacy as a Divine thing, for that was the dogma of his Church, bat he did wonder that he should think men on the other side would coma to do the salon, and thus, ia his Lordship's words, to fill Up tho sunk fence between him and every one else, and render access easy on all sides. For h mtclf, he (Mr. Binney) could accept the Bishop u representation that episcopacy was thought by some to be divine, while other bodies deemed the question to be indifferent. But he went further, and while he (Mr. Binney) denied that cpiscopacy was found complete ia the New Testament; he thought the germ of it appeared in the Pastoral Epistles, and was a perfect development of primitive usages; still, he could never suppose that his friend tbo Bishop's plan could meet 8 on era] favor in the non-episoopai churches the world over. The third remark was, that in the proposition of the Bishop, he did not appear to contemplate many important changes which it was the deep conviction of spiritual minds in other communions were necesea-y in the Church of England, He (Mr. Binney) could easily imagine great changes would be accepted, as far as government and discipline went; but the other things to be torched belonged to a higher sphere, which the Bishop did not recognize. Mr. Binney here adverted to the two points held by the Church of ea OSILASSJ believed the Creed and Orders of the Anglican Church included a Sacramental and a Sacerdotal clement, at variance with ; the teaching of Scripture, ^^d spiritaally injurious; Baptismal regeneration, and priestly absolution. This having been suggested to them in what the Bishop said thS Church of England witnessed, they, as a Congregational Body bad a special rifi-ht to that view ; for the points named were among what led to their ejection . ^ ^ from the Church, for they objected to , submit, in conscience and hoaor, and, • therefore, they were cast ou*, and Ibis non- 1 conformity was, independently of the question'of a political and scriptural ; cstabli'hment, nnd grounded on that . which justified their dichostasy. | Tho reverend gentleman referred to the ; Bishop's letters, from which he quoted, commenting as he proceeded; and then , said, on these several accpunts it appeared , to him that the idea of the Bishop of Adelaide, of ihe Church of the Future, •was one which wasnot likely to findgeneral acceptance by the different Protestaut communions, from its requiring too much : but it was further impedtd by the fact that far more would be required from his own communion (the Anglican Church) in the •way of icformed doctrine, than his Church was willing to concede. He (Mr Binney) deeply regretted that circumstances had obliged him to c^me forward as the apologist of non-conformity, . involving as it did, the exhibition of the .. - ot^rf(| .Jjf f rom borne, il m health; he de^ ined .rrangew h ' ch hl8 ^ f°r him; heeauee ! » » b m i a of possibility Uiat hei should j go from colony to colony in weakness and i" «*>«>« t and as to pubUahiog any thing, « ™ g ^ letters, (in the papers for m- Btance,) why, die very ment.on of his name journals gave him pa n, like the exprosed his deep regret that he had written S3 much of a controversial character. When he came here ho had m wish but to move quietly amine o.her ptople and live peaceably with all men. bo far back as July, when a deputation wished to wait on him to solicit his services in the opening of a Free Episcopal Church, he declined, because he could not as a visitor a^d a stranger, mix himself up with the * winger mix mmseu up wuu u. , i ?>ssonaoce , , of ... the parties. He . did not ': know, " tn9W . and did not care to enquire dj wh ° "? h . t a n d Y U ? w rong; the point was, that he did not c ° mc to M>y thln ff do with * ua " e,s or controversy, but wished to live P™J> leave differences and gnev- 5" ecs ?. thei f- «t Adelaide, he did and said nothing till necessi y was laid on him.by hardworde such as" unordaine i minister, "b^resy "schismatic layman.'applied to himself, when he thought right to ask to be heard in defence, he aaked to he permitted to sot forth the founds which compelled him to remain 'be Anglican Church, and la- "^"i* a P ttrL . f .^e^tors at Adela.de was going to do r, but he (the editor) received such communica.ions from t h « , oth " side, that eventually he would have been spared the distraction, but duty seemed to demand it of him, duty towards himself and those who agree with him, as well as towards those who spoke and wrote of matte!s which, he thought, they did not fully understand. Fidelity to his convictions and those of many others, compelled him to »d»ert to M,r e ,V D \ err ? fs ofthateomof ^rgeVoui .!.-.^^, England) the . A", 0 " 0 , - 1 -----*- < which he thought would remain a hindand a bar to all union of other churches, which.as he thought, had amjre si m P ,e and a more scriptural and apistolicil Ministry, by the rejection of j^ptiemal regeneration, and priestly absalutlo .. n - . They J wcro justified « to refus' conformity to th?se, choosing rather t> be ' called schismatical lavmeu than perjured ecclesiastics j and if they needed coi.ii.malioni they had it in the words of the Bishop of rasmania-thcy had a compete uefence in his lordship's charge delivered in 1851 wherein the consistent Churchman thus speaks: — It is perfectly incomprehensible to me the denier of baptismal regeneration can make up his inind to use the services in which the fact is so positively insisted on. He must, as itBeemsto inc. speak with doubling lips, and a misoivine heart. He must 6urely use the Church's words, not in that literal and grammali. cal meaning, which she so evidently enjoins ; but rather, in that non-natural Bense, through the application of which, an attempt was made, some years ago to explain nway the Articles, as to render it possible lor a man to hold any doctrine of Home, and yet to subscribe to them, in that peculiar sense. The principles of Tract »0, (for it is that to which I alluie) are, in my judgment so essentially dishonest, that I have no mind to wink at the adoption of their system of interpretation in this Diocese wnether they lean or lead to Rome, or Geneva—(a laugh). Now that would be their, (tbo Congregationalisms) position if, with their views of tlio nature of Christianity and the meanlngofthe Prayer-book, they conformed. He did not regard Ihe charge as applying to those clergymen who differed from hi! lordship : the views of the Congregationalists and those of the clergy who differed from his lordship, might, possibly, harmonizs ; they should judge themselves by their own views and not by those of others, and on these grounds, for himself and his brethren, he (Mr Binney) claimed honor and respect for their dichostasu, instead of spitting aud shame. He believed the Bishops at Kvdnev gave the right interpretation to the praverbook when they said :_ < We heheve that it is the doctrine of our Church, that all infants do, by baptism, receive this erace of regeneration." Ho (Mr Binney) belicTed the moa wore right, and among the nanus of the bishops attached to that declaration was that of " AUGUSTUS ADE- Mr Binney here made a passing observation with reference to his viow of the Gorhamcjsc. He said he quite concurred with the Lord Bishop of Tasmania as to the opinion of that case and the little weight which attached to the judgment of the Judicial Committee of Privy Council. Oheir lordships stated very imperfectly ho question of Mr Gorham's doctfine, and they admit that it would be possible to construct another judgment in favor of tfiose whose opinions were tho reverse of uorham s; that is, that there was a middle thing, ar.d the argument by which they showed that Gorham's doctrine was not inconsistent with that middle thing, would equally apply to the doctrine of those who dine red from Gorham. But the judicial Committee were the proper lejjal authority by whioh the Queen, as Head of the Chunk, decided on «11 casui wotaiwtiMl in the Church of England; assnoh, it factions th« interpretation of the cffices of the Church which he (Mr Bin- « Y ^ C l ^ ^ f ^ . ^ . l ^ S L ^ "ot think " the book" believed. Bishop Nix™ was both right and wrong ; right as I member of the Church of the Prarer Book bnt wrong as a member of ^ Church of England s and, in relation to the latter, be was a dissenter! and a nou conformist !0aughter.) 0 n tfce ^ November, 1844,Bishop Niron read a pro. test in the Cathedral Church of Hobart town,by which he proclaimed in words that he was a dissenter fom Home. Agiin and _aff«in he had declared that he rejected the judgment, of Her whom be recogni^ as having a right to speak autboritaimly and to decide the interpretation of the Prayer Rook, and he (Mr Binney) believed him to be theoretically right, but ecclesiathcally wrong ; his lordship was a member of the Church of tho Prayer Book—a dissenter from tha Church of Esglind (applause.) He believed there was a lame number who, though not dissentera ffom the Church of England, were dissenters from the f'hurcli of the Prayer Book, who agreed with hem (the Congregationalists) in spirit and feeling as to the errors of the Church of England : they differed and objectcd, and did not believe the Prayer Hook. Southey, who wrote the " Book of j the Church was ore, nnd there were many others, who allowed that there was a sad state of things . - , ,in. the , . Church ;. something Jomething rottenAnd this being so, they (the Congregationalists) were quite content la take all the consequents of their own professud and bated non conformity and to " stand apart" from any church of the Future which retained what they (the Congregationalists) did notbelieve. While they respected the ministers and members of the Anglican Church, they felt it to be their duty to give their testimony aga'nst its errors, and to decline to be parties to any new organization hy whioh those eriors would seem to be perpetuated, (applause.) [The foregoing is but a meagre sketch of the masterly aud lengthened address bat as the reverend gentleman publicly requested the representatives of the press not to give a verbatim report, (although it would have been gratifying to meet the general desire) we content onrselves with the abridgment, more especially as Mr Binney has since intimated his intention to comply with the unanimous request of the Union to permit the Charge to be printed for universal circulation.] VOTE OF THANKS. Rev. F. MILLEE moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Thos. Binney for his valuable address with a respectful request that he would permit its publication. Kev. Mr LAW seconded. He saidthe address commended itself, and nothing need be urged to induce their unanimous acceptance ol the motion. Everything Mr Binney did whether to write a book, preach aseimon, or give an address bore ihe broad arrow of his genius ; and the address to which they bad listened was like his previous efforts ; clear as sunlight in statement and exposition, discriminating and accurate in description, aud calculated to render good service to his brethren, and to the cause of christian truth and charity, if the address were printed and circulated in this and the other colonies. And if the venerated chairman saw fit to comply with the request; he felt certain that money for that object would not be wanting, and that thereby good set vice would be done to their own body and to the great work of christian union (ppplau' e). The motion «vas then put by Mr Miller iinAno—.a unanimously. Kev. Mr B,„„„ ;n repiy observeJ t)lat certainly siugujir and wonderful thinea came to pass; as the humble christian in heaven said ; it was a wonder to see so many there he did not expect; another wonder was that there were so many absent that he did expect; but the greatest ot a ! was to find himself there. Now it was a wonderful thing to find him (Mr Bmuey) there ; he haidly thought it could be true but h-suppos dit was so fa laugh) though in these days of clairvoyance one scarcely knew what to think. It gave him great pleasure to meet them; he thought they would cxcusa his taking advantage of the requast to preside by taking up this suhjec . As to the publication, of course, it must be paid for somehow or other ; lie (Mr Binney) could not afford to print books that would not pay, and if he p inted h9 f,houM like to get nis money back, but if they chosc to have the char« printed iu a pimphlet, and the letters as an appennix at a risk bearing him harmless, (a laugh) he must fall in with it (applause). Mr HOPKINS _i 6Uppose r must something. If our friend will take tha trouble te prepare (he pamphlet, I wiii bear him harmlefs from the expense of r printing (applause). Rev. Mr KINNEY—That's just like the ma-i who sent mo home £500 at ones fir missionaries. He and t will share ths cridit of publication (laughter) WATERFIELD in illusion to the wonderful things that had been named by the chairman mentioned a further one the " wonder that such an address should have been delivered in Greeflponds r (laughter). NEW MEMBER OF THE UNION. Th» Standing Rule that proposfd members be ballo cd for was suspended, oa the motion of Rev. Mr Neebit, and it was then unanimously passed by a show of hands that the Rev, Mr Shipphird be received as a member of the Union. ANNUAL REPORT. The Secretary read the Annual Statistical Report, by which it appeared there were in Union six churches with pastors, one minister without a charge, and three missionaries of the Colonial Missionary Society. It referred to the petitions presented to parliament during the year, prayiug that the ministers of tlie various Bodies might be placed on an equal footing with rega'd to the celebration of marriages. Reference was also made to the Act to give ra.idity to the Synod of the Chnrch of England, tho bilJ as originally prop seed, having beeu divested of tome of its obnoxious claims. The " Southern Spectator" Was next adverted to, and the opinion expressed that the work should be more generally supported, in crder that it might be self-sustaining. Miss Watttins' Legacy for Ibe education of ministers' children, and the Ministers' Provident Fund were alBo alluded to, the Fund being stated to amouut to £350. Rev. W. DAY moved, and the Rev. Mr WATERFIELD seconded the adoption of the Report, which was passed, the Chairman remarking, as another singular thing, that it was just forty years ago, that he (Mr. Binney) was sitting at Mr. r , ay'a feet, that gentleman having been engaged for a time at his College, on the death of his Otuekd Tatar, his fir«t uu- Shaving been writtenathis direction ^ read to him a (a laugh). MISSIONS. The Rev. Mr. PWCE being called upon, brief report of the mission oa the S i d e there was one agent, they were pSg1heir «pe0Ses,and they werojust RJE. DEAR said, that by attending (lie Annual Meeting at pavey-B'rfet, on . , friends would be abl« to learn n?i°about the southern hraneh of the Cololl MlBBionary Society. All o<outof he would debt SftSTw ' ^ * (t t A U foue diecussion took place on the Jferal Subject of missions in the colony, Cstr.- iw, Mr. Hopkins, Rev Mr. Miller, Rev. Mr. Price, »fr. Dear, and Mr. K Bout taking part, the discussion bv the adoption of a resolution S n S a eoTrnttee to take the cubject K»Js»to consideration, and report at the next meeting of the Union. MINISTERS' FOKD. Mr. Hopkins, Treasurer, read tho rash account audited by Basil Rout and Mm E L , the balance amounting to m i te 4d He laid the book on the tabic for inspection otthe members fThe meeting adjourned until two o'clock, the Ministers and Delegates, &c.;, heirtr entertained fit a dejeuner tastefully prepared by the ladies of the congregation, Jndlaid out in the Schoolroom adjoining (he Chapel. A party was made up at the Tntf Hotel, where dinner was served in a tery creditable style. Thee pare time was occupied bv the more youthful portion of the congregation in cricketing in Mr. Gorringe's paddock.] ADJOURNED SITTING. At two o'clock the Conference resumed' Mr. Binney apain presiding. Discussions took place, and action was taken on the following subjects, which appeared on the business paper:— Mies Watkins' Legacy, "Southern Spectator," Marriage law and Divorce, Cemetery Bill. CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF ENGLAND AND WALES. A letter from the Congregational Union of England and Wales was read by the Secretary, and draft of a Reply was produced, when the same were referred to tho Standing Committee. CONFERENCE IN SOOTH AUSTRALIA. The election for a Delegate to the Conference to be held in South Australia, in October, 1859, was then proceeded with, it being understood that the lay gentlemen proceeding to the Conference, at their own expense, would be also considered The vote was then taken by ballot, when the Rev. George Clarke, Minister of Davey-street Church, was chosen. COMMITTEE AND OFFICERS. The Treasurer, H. Hopkins, Esq., and the Secretary, Rev J. Nisbet, were unanimously re-elected by show of hands. The Bev. Mr. Law was elected Chairman for nest year, and the existing Committee re-appointed for the ensuing year. The next meeting to take place at Laun- CfStOD. The business having been got through, the Cbairman said that if he should live to get back to London, and any of tho friends came to London, he should be happy to see them there. The reverend gentleman then commended them to God iu prayer, and the meeting broke up. 