CHIEF EVENTS AND TOPICS OP THE WlîlSK. rïVom Mo Liverpool Mall, Mau 31,) I War foots and phases sinoe our last week's publication have, in their broad outline and main features, presented little or nothing which is remnrkably oxoiting, because thoro is literally nothing deoiBtve. Borne acoouats from Paris state that the Froncb have not yet got up ¿11 their artillery and cavalry ; and yesterday's foromost leading artiale m the loading journal seems to confirm tho inti- mation ibat "nothing important is expoctcd beforo the end of the month, or beginning of June, whon the French will be in possession of all their supplies." Other acaounts from Alossandria indicate earlier notion, and mention au ominous military arrangement which foro« shadotVB Frenoh incorporation and absorption of the Sar- dinian foi'oo in a manner anything but palatoablo to Plodmontoge pride, namely, that the wholo allied army Is to be divided into two corps, each of which will be ' commanded by a Frenoh Marshal, and each of whioh trill consist of three Frenoh and one Sardinian division. And Inter accounts import that the rains and floods have now subsided, and that the two opposing armies already are almost within cannon shot of each other; so that a great battle may bo going on even while we write. The war no« h thus increases in interest, although still barren of any deoisive notion or remarkable event. In the absence of these, increasing interest attaches to the letters of the special correspondent of the leading journal who accompanies tho Austrian army. With due allotr anoo for his obvious and perhaps natural leaning to his Austrian comrades and protectors, that correspondent, ' as a writer of high oharacter and keon observation, will dpubtless do good service in correcting garbled and exaggerated statements. Alroadv ho plainly infers that the bulk of the Piedmontese people dislike the war ; that the Austrians have acted with more tact and moderation than their enemies describe ; and that the Sardinians have even carried off women to labor at i the works at Casado. This last will sound Btrange, almost incredible, to readers who may bo unaware that many of the female peasantry of Piedmont, like the women ot somoiparts of tho south of Ireland, mainly perform the severest out- door drudgery and toil, while the men quietly stand by and give orders. At all evontfl, it is re-assuring to bave a faithful chronioler to photograph the campaign, true to life. French military annalists are generally ac- cused of "cooking" history, of straining after dramatic effect, and of being so dovoted to martial glory and systematic bounce, as to be quite "too modest for tho naked truth." The French loan has proved a great success. The Emperor has been offered three or four times as'much mouoy as he wants just yet, and the Moniteur is instructed to say that "suoli results provo the solidity of the French ftnanoial system, and the wealth, power, and patriotism of France ; they uIbo show the intimate union between France and the Kmperor, and the entire confi- dence of the nation in the strength and wisdom of the Sovereign »ho presides over its destinies." No doubt t. good deal of this is sheer nonsense. The " solidity of tho French finanoial s) stem" is no more proved hy the eagerness of the people to subscribe to the loan than it would bo by another railway or mining mania, or by a repetition of the South Sea Bubble. Nevertheless, the manner in which the loan has been taken np is really something significant. It shows that tho war is lamentably popular with large masses of tho French people, and that their faith in the Emperor's fatalism it undtminished. Count Buol has ceased to be the Foreign Minister of Austria, and Count Reohborg has been named as his ano cossor. Time onlr can determine how far this change is a wise one. But it is, at all events, an indication of the Emperor's strong disinclination to listen to pacific coun- sels, and of his firm determination to prosecute the war with vigour. Count Buol is said to havo been dismissed because ho countenanced and accepted the lost offer of mediation made by the British Government, and ¡bo causo he addressed to tho Emperor of the Frenoh a com- munication which was meant as a last effort to bring about an amicable arrangement. Count Reobberg is understood to have been nominated in his stead because he is regarded in Austria ii " favourable to an energetic policy," and a man of the stamp likely to be of service in times of great danger to the ¡state. If Francis Joseph ' hhS resolved to throw away the scabbard, it is quite possible that an energetio and vehement minister like Count Rechberg may be found to answer his purpose better than Count Buol ; but he will have to look loh£ we believe, will look in vain-for an abler counsellor or more faithful servant than his late Minister of Foreign Affairs. Prussia is preparing herself for all possible eventuali- ties, although both'the Regent himself and the members of the Diet have, for the most part, been singularly vague in their allusions to the polioy which she may ultimately feel called npon to adopt, " Prussia," says the Prince Regent, " is resolved to maintain the bates of international law and the balance of power in Europe. It is her right and her duty to provide for the safety and the defence of the national interosts of Germany. She will not relinquish her guardianship over these govern- ments. Prussia expects that all the Gorman Confederates will stand firmly by her side in the solution of mistakes, and will place confidence in her desire to act for the com- mon country." If thero is nothing in this to lead to the supposition that Prussia contemplates tho immediate abandonment of her present position, " not of neutrality, but of armed mediation," there is much to justify the inferonce that she contemplates at least the possibility of being called upon to take part in tho war " in the in- terests of international law and of the balance of power in Europe " The minor Gorman powers con hardly re- strain their people from hurrying south to join Austria. In the debate in the Prussian Chamber, M. de Vinoke, who was enthusiastically cheered, had pronounced that Prussia ought " to arm to the teeth," as bo thought the war in Italy was only the first act in the drama, and that the others will be played on the Rhine, then in England, then in Russia ; and that while Belgium, Holland, and Switzerland would stand by Prussia, if England, Prussia's ally in the «even years' war, hesitated to do so again, the ghost of Chatham would rise to warn her. It is under- stood, however, that an English note to the Confedera- tion at Frankfort intimates that, if the German powers interfere with the war in Italy, the ports of Germany, if subjected to a French blockade, cannot be assisted by England. There can indeed be no doubt that, if the Emperor of the French should ventnre on this desperate game beyond a certain point, he will find the whole of Germany confederated and arrayed against him ; whether the certainty of this will in any manner restrain him it is not very easy to foretell. Russia is reported to be making certain military movements, which, to say the least of them, look omi- nous. The Emperor, it is said, has already given orders that five corps d'armée shall be placed immediately npon a war footing, with tho whole of the artillery and cavalry belonging to eaoh, and in addition to this, we are in- formed that " the reserves are to be called in, and all soldiers on furlough to rejoin their colours, to be ready to march within three months." This may mean little, or may mean much. It may mean "preparation," or it may mean simple "precaution;" bat we confess we do not Uko the look of it. Russia might very easily have carried out her engagement with France, to place an army of observation on her German frontier, without calling in her reserves or plaoing so large a body of troops upon a war footing ; and, in spite of diplomatic assu- rances, wo can scarcely divest ourselves of the idea that thero is still something in the background-some ulterior object, if not some oovert understanding-which it does not suit her present pnrpose to disolose. At all events it will be quite as weil to keep a slurp look-out, for we know from experience that both Russia and France are only too apt to say one thing when they mean another. Mexico is still in a miserable state of anarchy, and the atrocities perpetrated by the chiefs of the contending factions ere of the most revolting and heart-rending description. Murders are perpetrated in cold blood the most diabolical tortures are systematically and re- morselessly inflicted-and neither ago nor sex is spared. Tho priost party havo shown themselves inhuman monsters. At present they and the Reactionists are in the ascendant, and their loaders aro the most conspicuous in the perpetration of these barbarities, but tho Consti- tutional ohiefs are not one whit better than their oppo- nents, wbon they happen to have the upper hand. We obsorve with satisfaction that Mr. Otway, the British Ministor, has issued an official circular, in which he states that " it is the intention of her Majesty's Govern- ment to take advantage of her fleet in the Gulf, and to hold Vera Cruz, by whatever party it is occupied, to be the Treasury of Mexico, and to enforce tho-e, as far as possible, the payment of all outstanding claims of British subjects." These claims are of enormous amount, and have remained for far too long a period unrecognised and unsettled. Wo rejoice to see that Lord Malmes- bury'* energy and determination have induced bim to take the only step by which a settlement is likely to be secured, namely, holding Vera Cruz as "a material guarantee" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 