Monday. March 14. A very respectable Jury was impannelled on Monday, at the Old Bushman's Inn, Gawler, to enquire into the circumstances of the fire, which occurred early on Sunday morning, and of which I gave some particulars in my last letter. The Jury having chosen Mr. T. O. Jones foreman, proceeded to Inspect the site of the late fire, whea Edward Wall, Laudlord of the Bash Inn, being sworn, deposed that on Saturday night, soon after 12 o'clock, he went into the stable, and was coming from the box in which the racehorse was, when he heard footsteps near tbe yard. He listened, and, hearing no more of tbe sound?, went iuto the parlour and proceeded to read the newspaper. Some lime after he retired to bed, and was dropping off to sleep whtu he was aroused by Mrs. Wall's calling out, " whatever's that," there being a sound as of someone being about the back premises and presently running off. Not long after his wife aroused him again by calling out there was a light shining, when witness jumped out of bed and saw through the window that the western end of the long stable was on fire, and also the hay, of which there were several tons. Witness ran across the yard to the stable to liberate the horses, the fire enlarging every moment. As soon as they were at liberty they galloped down the stable, and, as he at first supposed, out of the door, but he presently perceived that they had galloped headlong into the blazing hay, which they scattered so as to envelop the door in flames and prevent his exit. He then pulled out of the wall two of its pine logs, and escaped through the opening, and in a few moments the whole building was on fire. By the Jury—John Michael went with witness to get his horse, which was in front of the stable door. All was right when he went about twenty minutes afterwards, to fetch hay from the stable for the racehorses Had a candle with him. In reply to Mr. Rudall, who attended on behalf of Mr. Wall to watch the proceedings, witness stated that the second sound of footsteps at the back of the house was heard by him and his wife a quarter of an hour before the fire, and that there had been a good number of people during the evening in the bar, but no strangers and none drunk. By the Coroner—Witness had no reason to suspect any one. By a Juror—Persons occasionally might cross through the stockyard, but not at such a laic hour. Edwin Boou stated that he ha I been visiting with a friend at a house ou the hill near. On returning home saw the light and heard shouts. Came up to the fire. Helped to catch a horse that was loose. It was Mr. Wall's racahorse. There were several people 011 the spot. Christoph Paum was with previous witness at a house on the hill. On their leaving for home saw the fire. Was frightened, being lame from a broken leg, and was afraid of getting hurt. By the time they could get to the place there were several people assembled. Knew nothing how the fire began. Jonas Goodwin, barman at the Old Bushman's Inn, stated that he went to bed on Sunday morning at 1 o'clock. At about a quarter to 2 heard a dreadful scream. Jumped out of bed, went to the door, and saw opposite to it the stable on fire. Put on some clothes and ran into the yard. Saw Mr. Wall with a blanket in his hand. He had just got out of the stable. After wards did his best to stop the fire. By Mr. Rudall—No one had left the house intoxicated. There were only three people in the parlour at closing time. Browning had been in the bar, but he left at 7 in the evening, when he was rather the worse for liquor. The ostler, a youth, went to bed before witness. On the following morning Browning handed him a piece of fuze, which had been, lighted, to see if it had been used. Understood it was found at the time near the house by Browning and Henry Hawker. The ostler used a lantern in the stable at night. Henry Hawker, sworn, stated that he was at the fire at 2 am, and remained "till a quarter to 4. Saw the fire first from his bedroom, near the church. When he reached it the roof was falling in. Next morning was looking at the ruins, talking with Dr. Nott, when he picked up, near the corner of the house, a piece of safety fuze. Jack (Browning) cut the fuze and found it had been used. Dr. Nott remarked that the circumstance looked suspicious, and ought to be noticed. Mr. Wall recalled.—By a Juror—Mr. Michael was not, to the best of his recollection, smoking in the stable when they went there. Dr. Nott deposed to his having visited the scene of the fire on Sunday, which he had not before seen. Was talking with Harry Hawker, when he (witness) observed that from the peculiar spot where the fire was first seen to break out he should imagine it to be the work of an incendiary. Browning was there, and said he would suffer to be hanged if he could not name the man that did it. Presently afterwards a piece of fuze was found a few feet from the corner of the house. John Browning, sworn—Did not know anything of the fire till 7 o'clock oa Sunday morning. Had been at Wall's on Saturday, at Causby's, and at Buckerfield's. Left Buckerfield's at half-past 12. Slept at Waldon's. Had been at Wall's from 7 a.m. till 10 p.m. Did not on Sunday morning hear Dr. Nott say the fire seemed to be the work of an incendiary, but heard others say so, and said so himself. Said he could name the man that did it once out of three times, and not be wrong the first guess, if it could be proved. Had reasons to suspect a certain person. By Mr. Rudall—If he must explain, there were only two horses in the stable—one was Wall's, the other the bailiffs. Wall had lately sued a man for debt and sold him up. The man was a notorious bad character. He had been committed eight years ago for highway rob bery, but owing to the prosecutor's absence at the diggings he bad been acquitted. (Sensation.) Had met that individual recently several times. Had not seen him near Wall's since the day bis goods were sold. Witness had lived in Gawler for five or six weeks. In reply to Mr. Rudall's repeated enquiry where he had worked, witness at length answered: Five days at Sismey's during the five weeks. Witness continued—He had gone to Mrs. Weldon's for a bed. She assisted to make him up one in the pump-house. She called him when the fire-bell rang, but she said she could not wake him. By a Juror—Had not said to any one that he slept elsewhere ou Saturday night. Alfred Charles Fryer—Had been at Wall's the evening of the fire, and left about half an hour before the fire broke out. Saw Jack Browning at Wall's on Sunday, at half-past 10. Knew nothing ol his mode of life or habits ; only knew he was one of the greatest sponges in Gawler. In consequence of what Browning had been saying, witness had seen Mrs. Weldon, who denied having attempted to waken Browning, or having said so. This witness detailed further conversation with Mrs Weldon, who was forthwith sent for. Mary Weldon stated that she had recognised the per son below, whom they called Angaston Jack, as the individual who came to her door at 1 o'clock ou Sunday morning, applying for a bed. She bad no bed to give him, but there were some bags in the pump-house upon which she let him sleep, lending him a blanket and a rug. He was there till about 9 o'clock on Sunday morning. Did not make any attempt to wake or disturb him when the fire-bell rang. By Mr. Rudall—Whilst he was dressing himself or pulling on his boots on Sunday morning, witness asked if he had heard of the fire, he eaid " What fire." She replied, " At the Old Bushinan." He asked her if his nose was scratched, and if his face was bloody. She told him no. When Martin's bell began to ring it was two minutes to 2 o'clock by her timepiece. William Henry Buckerfield, Mill Inn, Gawler Bridge —Knew Jack Browning. It was about 10 minutes past 12 on Saturday night, when some of witness's young men put him out of the house where he was wanting to remain all night. He was not perceptibly intoxicated. He had no scuffle with any one whilst in witness's house. There was no mark upon his nose or face. A wish being expressed by the Jury to see the party upon whom the witness Browning had cast such direct suspicion, the police bad been dispatched inquest of him. Alter some little delay, he was met with and introduced into the Court, when the Foreman made known to him the cause of his having been sent for, and Mr. Wit, who acted as Coroner's Clerk, read over to him the deposition of Browsing. The individual referred to therein (an elderly and remarkably inoffensive looking man) briefly said that it was very wrong to have accused him of ill- will to Mr. Wall, who had done nothing but what he was justified in for his own interest, and he agreed to it, and there was an end of the matter. In reply to queries by the Foreman and other Jurors and Mr. Rudall, the person referred to stated that the only refereuce he had ever made to Browning about the selling of his goods was to request him to ascertain from, the bailiff what they fetched, when he found the account to agree exactly with his own. He stated that his habit was to retire early to bed, and that there were half a dozen persons at hand who could testify that on the night of the fire be was, as usual, iu bed by 9 o'clock. He further stated that he knew Browning, having some years ago employed him as his barman when an innkeeper at Bowden, but he was obliged to part with him. He know nothing of him since. The individual who had been aspersed was assured by the Foreman, on leaving the Court, that the Jury attached no weight to the statements or suspicions that had induced them to send for him, which they had done for the purpose of affording him an opportunity of having the defamation promptly cleared away. The Jury then retired, and after considerable deliberation brought in a verdict that the fire had originated through the wilful act of some person or persons unknown, and not othewise; and that the Coroner be requested to forward an earnest aod respectful application to the Government to be pleased to offer such reward for the apprehension of the incendiary or incendiaries as may tend to his or their detection. South Australian Debating Club.—The following has been obligingly forwarded to us by a corre spondent :—" A meeting of the above Society was held at Aldridge's, on Friday evening last, when the announcement that Mr. T. P. Hill would give a Shakesperian reading attracted a large audience. The play selected (the tragedy of Hamlet) is one which is but seldom produced on colonial boards; the necessity for good acting, appropriate scenery, and the thousand-and-one minutiae of what are commonly known as stage effect being all but imperative. There is also a unity in the pipy itself which renders desirable its performance as a whole, as is illustrated by the old proverb of "the play of Hamlet with the ghost omitted." Mr. Hill had of course to contend with the entire absence of scenery, dresses, and stage effect, while the time allowed for the reading was so limited ta to admit only of selection?, and those by no means lengthy. We think, considering these cir cumstances, tbat Mr. Hill's effort was decidedly success ful 2 bis voice is flexible, though not very powerful; his reading dear and pointed, without rant, bombast, or tliat absurd mistake of attempting to alter or improve the text—* to speak more thaa was set down fortbem'— iuto which many histrionists fall; aud the action wob made quietly and lucidly to interpret and .enforce the words, instead of (as is too frequently the case) the words being used as a mere stalking-horse for the action. We were especially struck by the reader's rendering of tbe gliost scene, the gravediggers' colloquy, and Hamlet's advice to the players, which last Mr. Hill seems to re member as well as recite. At the conclusion of the read ing a vote of tha rks to Mr. Hill was moved by the Secre tary of the Clinvwbo especially commented on Mr. Hill'a readiness to assist that and kiadied institutions, seconded by Mr. C. Sabine, and carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. James Macgcorge, concluded the proceedings." Photographic Picture.—We bare been favoured by Mr. Allen, of Bundle-street, with a copy of the photographic pictures of tbe late cricket match be tween the British and Colonial playars, which he took upon tbe ground prior to the secoud day's play. The group ing in them is very good, the altitude i>f the players is very correct, and although the figures are generally small, the likenesses of the spectators are. in many in stances, evident without a glass. The pictures^ offer a pleasing memento of perhaps the moBt interesting and well-contested cricket match ever played in South Australia. Burton's Circus. — We understand that Mr. Burton's agents in the other colonies arc actively employed in securing new and celebrated performers, and tbat the next season in Adelaide will be distingubhed by a larger amount of talent and more rapid succession of novelties Hum any of its inapt ao&cQBsfcl; predecessor 