EXTRACTS FROM PUNCH. A SAINT IN CRINOLINE. A newspaper paragraph ascribes the following act of enlightened devotion to a lady whom we should think incapable of it Eugenie, the Empress, has presented the dress worn by her on her first appearance at Church after the birth of the Prince Imperial, the embroidery of which cost £20,000, to the statue of the Virgin in Notre Dame de la Spare." The writer of the above perhaps, confounded the Empress of the French with the Queen of Spain, or the Queen of some native tribe lately converted from catechism by the labors of Jesuit missionaries. The idea of Eugenie presenting a dress to the statue above named, is too absurd. There was, indeed, said to be an idol of the same denomination, " Who at Loretto dwelt in wax, stone, wood, And in a fair white wig looked wondrous fine ;" But the Empress of the French would have, at any rate, better taste than to cause an image of the Madonna to be attired in that ridiculous- fashion. Yet to dress such a image in Crinoline would be just as ridiculous and doubtless, Eugenie would not even put a statue of Venus into the preposterous drapery in which her milliners have arrayed herself. If otherwise if the Empress has actually presented the Madonna with her own petticoats, we may expect that the Emperor will honor his wife by following her example. He may just as well present some Saint with one of his own uniforms, and dress the holy man's image up in a kept, a tunic, and a pair of Napoleon boots. In kissing the latter, an Imperial devotee would be enabled, in that case, to kill two birds, as it were, with one stone. NOT TO BE FOUND IN BOSWELL. " Is it wrong, Doctor, to believe in Ghosts ?" "No, Sir j no more wrong than believing in you. It may be foolish ; but there being no substance or foundation for the belief, the folly, Sir, is quite immaterial." Mr. Punch's Unpublished Anecdotes of Doctor Johnson. IN MEMORIAM. The Waiter's Epitaph.-" Coming, Coming! " The Auctioneer's Epitaph.-" Going, Going, Gone ! ' ANECDOTES FROM BALMORAL. Connected, with the permission of Mr. Macflunkey, from the Scotch Papers.) Any incident in the Highland life of our Sovereign will be interesting to all her subjects, and we are happy to be able to give one which we have obtained from a favorite domestic in the Royal household. Going out for a drive, the other day, Her Majesty, as she graciously ascended the carriage, was observed to look at the mists that where curling around the majestic brow of the opposite mountain, Ben Cutty pipe. The Queen pointed them out to Princess Beatrice, and said, " Is it not like smoke ? "* We have ourselves frequently inspected the scenery, and can bear testimony to the accuracy of Her Majesty's comparison Peebles Parasite. The Queen, accompanied by the Prince Consort, was walking on Saturday in the beautiful road from Glen brimstone to Clantoddy, when an old Highlander, named James Macturk, who has just accomplished his i hundred and seventy-second year, but is as hale as a man of sixty, met the distinguished couple. He was not aware, from the unpretending appearance of the Royal pair that he was in presence of such illustrious personages and his cheerful salutation as he passed had more of cordiality than of reverence. Her Majesty smilingly responded " Good morning. " When told of his mistake, the old man, nothing daunted, said, " Weel, she's a bonny leddy." Fifeshire Fawner. Truly gratifying it is to know that the Prince of Wales, who inherits no small part of the wit and humour of his illustrious parents, is also exceedingly well read in the history of Scotland. We are informed that His Royal Highness was amusing himself, on a recent occasion, by an amicable engagement with the forts, in the hall at Balmoral, his honored antagonist being the youthful Lord Macduff. In the course of the graceful exercise the Prince, perhaps thinking his foe somewhat slack to lunge, exclaimed, with an excellent imitation of a distinguished tragedian, " Lay on, Macduff! " ' It is equally to the honor of a Prince who has been most carefully brought up, that he abstained from completing the somewhat irreverent lines of the great Scottish dramatist Listener of the Lothians. Her Majesty, it is well known, is very fearless about weather when she is in the Highlands, and sometimes is pleased, good-naturedly, to rally her attendants upon their fear of catching cold. Overtaken by a shower, one day last week, in the neighbourhood of Loch Jabber, the royal party paused for a few moments, and Lady Hermione Normanton, the lady in-waiting, suggested that they should take refuge in the nearest cottage. Her Majesty assented, and the shelter was gained, when, turning with a smile to the fair and distinguished hydrophobia, the Queen said, " Now, Lady Hermione, I hope that you are happier." -Hlgin Eavesdropper. Our revered Sovereign, as is well known, sets an admirable example of attendance to religious duties. Being in her pew on Sunday week, in the little church of Banchorister, the Sovereign paid marked attention to the worthy minister, the Reverend Andrew Fair service, as he gave out the text. The Queen was then seen to lay her royal hand upon a book, and the intense curiosity of the whole congregation was excited to discover what their monarch was about to do. They all rose, and either stood on the seats or leaned over the gallery to observe the Queen's movements. What was their delight to behold their Queen open the sacred volume, turn with apparent ease to the text, show it for a moment to Princess Alice, and lay the book down again to listen attentively, to the excellent minister.-Clackmannan Chatterer. QUEEN VICTORIA takes a lively interest in the field sports of her illustrious husband, and rarely fails to come down-stairs on His Royal Highness's return from deer-stalking, and look at the spoils of the place. An unusually fine stag fell a victim to the Prince's great skill last Wednesday, and on its being submitted to Her Majesty for examination, the Queen regarded it with mingled admiration and compassion, and remarked to the Prince of Wales, " Really, papa ought to be in the Rifles." Glasgow Gohemouche. " Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown," says our great Scottish bard, Allan Ramsay, but we are delighted to be able to state that in the case of our beloved Sovereign, old Allan's dictum does not hold good. We have reason to speak positively to the fact that the Queen has repeatedly said that she has been graciously pleased to enjoy exceedingly good nights during her sojourn at Balmoral. That this arises in part from our Queen's mind being calm in the conviction of being beloved by the nation, we do not, as loyal subjects, doubt; but for the honor of auld Scotland we must claim for the mountain air of Caledonia some of the credit of procuring for her monarch " rosy dreams and slumbers light Inverary Idiot. It has, we believe, been remarked that after a certain period of enjoyment of a delightful scene, human nature becomes less keen in its enjoyment and satiety ensues. The observation is founded on a good general knowledge of mankind. But that there are excep- tions to the ride we are able to testify, and one of them is in the case of the illustrious offspring of our beloved Sovereign. On their coming out upon the lawn at Balmoral, on the morning after their arrival, the Princess Louisa exclaimed, that she believed the scenery grew more and more beautiful every year, to which remark her brother and sisters assented. Need we add that the indulgent smiles of their royal parents showed that even if the scene had not improved (and it would be difficult to improve it they were not displeased at the enthusiasm of their amiable children. Dundee Dunderhead. N.B. Mr. Punch, his Sovereign's most devoted admirer and champion, solemnly declares that he will publish a great many more of these things (with their exact pedigrees), if the Scottish penny grubs do not abstain from persecuting that royal lady and her family with the twaddling effusions of unmitigated flunkeyism. Nemo se impure lacessit. POACHING UNGEB EXTENUATING CIRCUMSTANCES. The following pretty little illustration of rural felicity is extracted from a country paper : " Condition of Dorsetshire Labourers. - At the Wimbourne Petty Sessions, last week, a case occurred which painfully illustrates the condition of the Dorsetshire peasantry. George Frampton, a labourer was charged with being in possession of a hare, a fortnight old, which he had caught while he was at work in a harvest field. A nominal fine of Is., but a real mulch of 12s. costs, were inflicted upon him but, inasmuch as it was stated that he had a wife and five children, and that his wages were only 8s. a week, a fortnight was allowed him in which to pay the money." The Magistrates have no option in cases of this kind but to convict for a nominal offence they must inflict a nominal fine, and cannot help the costs which attend it. However, they might as well have sent this unhappy swain, Frampton, to prison at once as have allowed him a fortnight in which to pay 13s. Given, 8s. a week, a wife and five children, how shall a Dorsetshire swain contrive to save 13s. out of the money in two weeks ! Twice 8 is 16 ; take 13 from 16 and there remain 3. There are 3s. left for the swain to live upon and maintain his wife and children. A county meeting should be called in Dorsetshire to take into consideration this problem appointed for swan Frampton to solve. Somebody might, perhaps, move, so to speak, the previous question namely, how any British swain could con- trive to exist and keep a family of six upon 8s. a week at all No wonder that a swain, with a limited imagination, and a dreadfully low moral sense, should think that a little poaching might furnish a practical solution of this difficulty especial poaching of such mitigated enormity as the offence of picking up a hare that came in the way of his sickle. The probable hunger of such a swain might almost be allowed to reduce his offence to gameslaughter. Wimbourne is in Dorsetshire. From Dorsetshire to Warwickshire is some way ; but if the person who was mean enough or cruel enough to play the in- former against Frampton is an inhabitant of Wim bourne or the adjoining district, his neighbours might surely, amongst them, manage to send such a disagreeable brute as far as Coventry. CLERICAL CONSCIENCE MONEY. The following was inserted in the Times of the 20th:- " The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 1s. 3d. from c A Curate,' on account of Income-Tax." There must surely, we should say, be some mistake in this. Curates surely must be paid their yearly stipends free of Income Tax. Surely any clergyman who can afford to keep a curate would take care to pay his salary clear of all deductions. Oh' yes, the more we think of it, the more we feel persuaded that such is, because it must be, the inevitable fact. In this case very possibly the clergyman neglected to make mention of the payment. Small wonder such a trifle should have escaped his memory. What was one and threepence to a reverend employer who could afford to pay £300 to have his work done for him So not knowing that the tax had been duly paid beforehand, the curate, in his rectitude, sent it up as conscience money. Had it teen really due, it would have certainly been called for but the tax-gatherer of course was as well aware as we are that curates are invariably paid their incomes free of tax, and he therefore abstained properly from second application. Feeling quite convinced, then, that the tax has been paid twice, we may expect to see another announcement in the Times, to the effect that " 'A Curate' acknowledges the receipt of 1s. 3d. from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on account of Income Tax in error overpaid." 