SABBATH OBSERVANCE. The following observations were made by the Rev. J. C. Symons last night, in the Mechanics' Institute, with reference to our remarks in Monday's Admilur. The Kev. lecturer was kind enough to allow us the use of liis manuscript, and we give that portion of.tlie lecture, bearing upon our remarks,.. In full :- ' BUT it i3 again objected, ahd the objection In? lieea urged in the public press ivitliin the hut few days. If you insist upon ttoreligious observance of tho Sabbath, you mu boiui&.to the day' also. Voil do not, however, keep the seventh, but tbf> first day, upon your own principles, therefore you are guilty of Sabbath breaking. - ? . Our reply to this must necessarily ba very brief, and wilt' merely consist in indicating the line' of argument by which the change of day is sustained. 1st-The essence of the Sabbath law. is, that a definite portion of time shall be separated friui common uses, and consecrated to the religious service of God. "The'portion thus separated is one seventh. " 2ud-It could never bava been designed that the seventh day, commencing the enumeration from the cessation of creation, shoidd, in all time, bo the Sabbath, because it . is impossible by any calculation to discover which ia the seventh day. The confusion of tongues, and consequent scat tering of the people, would introduce irregularity, in computation, and affect the exact calculation of time. , The Flood would also. have a similar dis turbing influence. What errors must have crept into the computation of time from the creation to the resurrection of Christ' may be inferred from tho fact, that between An. 201) and 1751, a period of 1500 years, there was an actual loss of eleven days. This caused the alteration of style, by the adoption of the "-.Gregnian Calendar, making Christmas-day iu.the -year* 1751^ fall eleven days earlier tlian usual, and advancing the dato'of every day eleven days, which now style of notation hi continued to the present. 'And oven now, with the improved calendar, aud aided by all tlie scien tific discoveries of recent times, an actual error of three days occurs in .every four hundred years. Besides, it is well known to be impossible (b keep the same Sabbath hours throughout the world, siiico it is night in some parts while" it is day iif other?. .God never commands us to perform physi cal impossibilities. It is morally and' physically impossiblo to know. which is the seventh' day; or, if1 it could be discovered, to keepj tie same, day iu all pal-ts of the 'world. God has therefore ndt commanded it to be kept as the Sabbath. .. !3rd-There is no evidence whatever that the Jews kept the seventh day from the creation. They lost ,the observance of the Sabbath iu Egypt; it was restored to them in the wilderness, in connec tion with the giving of manna, aud was to them as a -people, commemorative of their deliverance from Egypt. There ia a curious tradition among the Jews, that the world was creatcd on the 1st of September, aud that the 7th of that month the First Sabbath was the first day of the week. .1th-The words of the fourth commandment are entirely confirmatory of this view. It does not say-remember the. seventh day to keep it holy; but-remember the Sabbath Bay; or iu other words, the day of rest, to keep it holy. Directing iu fact that the day devoted to the" physical and mental rest of man should be sanctified and de voted to the Bervice of God. 5th-It is iu the highest degree probable that the change of day under the Christian dispensa tion is not the fir»t change uf the Sabbath Day. To the patriarch the Sabbath commemorated the completion oi creitiou. Tu the Jew, iu addition to this, it was a memorial of the deliverance from Egypt, where for more than acc-utury he had been deprived of his weekly reit. To the Christian it has still an additional significance, and reminds him of redemption finished. Is it inquired what evidence have we of the change from the seventh to the first day'! We [ reply- » 1st-The example of the " Lord of the Sab bath." He met his disciples on the eveuiugof the day of his resurrection. This was unexpected, and one of the number was abseut. The first day of the week returns, it is to man-the first Christian Sabbath. Again He meets His disciples; this time lie is expected, and all are present. Thomas is among them. Why are all present on that day if it be not by direction and appointment of their Master! 2nd-'The day of Pentecost-the mirac ulous baptism of - the Holy Ghost was on the first day of the week. "On the morn ing of that day the disciples were "all with one accord in one place." Was this by accident, or design ? -If by design, from whence the cus tom which brought them together on that day, if not by the sanction and authority of the Saviour! 3rd-The example of the Apostles who assem bled for christian worship on-the first day of the week. That they did this on the day of Pentecost is evident. That it was their constant usuage may be seen by reference to Acts xx, 7; I Cor., sxi., 2; ltev. i" 10. : 4th-The uniform and uninterrupted obser vance of the Christain Sabbath; from the [time of the Apostles to the present. My time and space will not permit my fur nishing the evidence for this' statement. The fact, so far as I am aware, has never been ques tioned, and the proof of it is most abundant. ?..?.' 5th-r-The testimony of Pliny, who wrote only'about six; jears after the death of St. John. He charges it as a crime against the' Christians that they met togogether on a fixed day, before it was light, and sung hymns to Christ as to a God; and bound themselves by ail oath not to do evil. u. xuq uatne given to the Christian Sabbath, "the Lord's day." Here, tben, are the facts for which we are askpd. Here the proofs for the Divine obligation of the Christian Sabbath. J)ut we arc met with the objection in eoiqc directions, that we liave no comnuiud, in so many \yords, to keep the Lord's day as the Sabbath. That its oliligatIoti'rests upon inference only, and therefore only on human opinion. We reply The question to bo'decided is, what is the will of God, as to this particular point. There are two ways iu which the will of God nay be ascertained from his word: one is by distinct command, the other by incidental circumstances. Let us allow that we have.here no explicit command, yet it is quite certain we have none to the contrary. We are left, theu, to infer the Divine will in this par ticular; audIa&-&!i£candidman'tositdowttuud follow out the' line of : aliment which I have sketched, and I have no fear but that he will be come fully perauadedof the obligation of Christians to observe the Lord's day as the . Sabbath. No command wa3 necessaiy.' The law, as we have seen, did not confine the Sabbath to any particular day-not to the seventy day, bvjt tooijeday in seven' ' And finally, the "onus prdiandi'] rests with the objtfttors. It is in fact, an action of eject ment. The proof that we are wrongfully in pos session lies with those who deny the authorily of the Christian Sabbath. We show that tho Lord's day has been observed as the Sabbath by nil the precediug generations since the Apostles, by the Apostles themselves, and by Christ. Oar title is perfect, and by it wc have held our blessed Sabbath till this hour. Let our attempt?'! ejectors show the defect in our title- -let them set forth at wliat poiut that defect crept in; let them exhibit to us when and how we obtained wrongful possession in the first place. Will they do this ! if they will not, then by all tlw arguments of law and equity they must submit to oar claim. He who gaye tho Sabbath-who was I.ord of it -had a right, by his own practice, and that of his apustles, to authorise and sanction the change. Are we asked "the reasons for the change ! They are found in it-s fitness and appropriateness. 1st.-It marked the cud o£ the old, and the be ginning of the new dispensation, 2nd.- It is a perpetual and world wide monu ment of the Resurrection of Christ, and ame m-.-nto of completed redemption; " "i\vas grcit to speak a world from nought, " Twas greater to redeem." 3rd.-It is a remembrance to us of our resur rection. It points back to Christ, as the tir.st fruits, and forward to the general ye.iuvrLCtir.n, a» tho full karvotl. The conclusion to which we are forced, there fore,' is, that tlie change of day in uo respect les sens our obligation to 4* keep holy " the Sabbatb, hut rather increases our duty to sanctify it.' It is intimated by the editor of the (Jahmj A<1. n-discr that I am required " to look .steadily in the face th« uio.it dreet testimony to be found in the Script tm-s rejecting tVT/J very earliest mude of (.Serving tho Chri»tlau .Sabbath." It is hinted, also, that I shouid " dwell witli sufficient patience and a proper appreciation of its immense impor tance, upon the narrative of the way in which Our Saviour and his apostles spent the first Chris tian Sabbath." 1 thank the editor for his hint, I am not above acting upon it. Neither myself, nor my brethren around me are iu the habit of shirking. Perhaps the editor folds' corn by hit. own buUie!." ft is somewhat imfortunato that the curiosity of the editor cMiiuot be gratified by a narrative of the way in which Christ and his apostle# spent the first Christian Sabbath. One incident only of that day's proceedings is recorded. Uu the evening of the resurrection day, Clm?t had appeared to Ijw disciple* iti the uw\»;- iypw. Tiiuiu&s; was not with them, and \\\ _the testimony cf hi- brother disolples that their Wd had ivpiwwed to iliom. On the evening in the eighth day from this resurrection-the iirst christian pabbath-all the The S.iviour appears among them. Stretching out his pierced hands, and removing the loow robe from his wounded side, ht? addre^es tuc unbe lieving on"-'JJcach lather thy Digor and Miuld my hr.M'i, r.'j'i lLr.ch hitler thy hand andyutit into hiv fide, and be out faithless but believing " TUomafc Kinks at llivt foot of his Lord and exclaims -"My Lord, and my God/' 1 am quite willing to take ibis as an illustration of the way in which the .sabbath should bo spent, lias the ivlilor any objections ? The Editor falls into an error in calling the day of our Saviour's resurrection the firnt christian sabbath. It was the wbk'.tU ta i\\\a Hiivwur him self,- H;5 d;»y of rwt iram thy work oi redemp tion, aa the tUv of rest Jvoui creation was the xvb bath to and of the Creator, But to man the lirst sabbath was the eighth day after crcation, and in 1 like wanner the first christian sabbath was the ; I eighth day after the resurrection. ! He lias also committed a tecoud error in assum j ing, as he has d'Uie, that the two disciples who i journeyed to Emmatis were a^istlei. If yaw com* i pare the Dth aud 23rd versi'3 of Luke xxiv. yon j will see that persons were associated vfith tlio apostles andftre designated "the eleven, and to all the mt;" in the t>th verge and in the TJftrd ver.-c " the c'.evrn gathered tejeiiier, and them that were with them." Tho rams of one tvho journeyed to Kmroaiu was Clfopjs. H,-, we know »ot Who tho h.,eM!,l MM, cannot now lc told. Tne I'craan Gospel says it w,n Luke himself, ami this is corroborated bv an ulinoat universal tradition. Tint one was not an apostle is certainthat neither to is evident, because tho o3d vor.se tells u.s-" They ruse \ip the same hour and returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together and them that wore with them. If then these persons were not apostle". e\en though they might be acting inconsistently with the rest of the christian sabbath by thei'i journey, yet no ai^uuient iu favour of Smith) travelling can be drawn fiom their example, be raiise they could not have known the will of God lo sanctify that day, inasmuch as they did not even know of Christ's resurrection, for they did not'believe the rumors which they had heard until he was made known iu them in" the breakinu' of bread.' ? The editor has fallen into a third error, in as Burning that the npostlea and disciples ought to have kept the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath, before they could possibly havo received directions from the Lord of the Sabbath to do so. The very earliest time when such direction could have been given was, when the risen Saviour met his disciples ou the evening of the Resurrection Day. The conduct, therefore, of the apostles, much less of the disciples on the resurrection day, can afford no.aiguinent or illustration, either for or against, the religious observance of the Christian Sabbath. i But I can afford to he generous and for the sake of argument I will waive these fatal objections, and 1 am quite ready to adopt the conduct of our Lord's apostles on that day, as a fitting illustra tion of how the Sabbath should bo spent. ' The disciples were up early that morning, their minds filled with thoughts of their Saviour, and of his mysterious words respecting tho third day. Strange rumora reach them. It is reported that a great earthquake had happened at the grave-that a mighty angel, his countenance like lightning, and his raiment white a3 BUOW, had descended from Heaven, rolled away the stone from the sepulchre, arid by his majesty struck terror into the hearts of the keepers, bo that they becamc as dead men. . Tho affrighted guard rush from tho j tomb into the city, and tell o! tho resurrection of Christ.. Some of tho disciples and apostles hasten [ to the sepulchre for authontio news. Tliey return to those of their company, and tell them of visions of angols, an empty grave, and an angelic message. He is not here, but he is risen; they are not be lieved, their words seemed as idle tales. '1 wo of tho disciplcs leave Jerusalem to journey to Eminaus, a distance of seven and a-halt miles. Their hearts are full of anxiety-their counte nances are sad-their communications are about their crucified Master. They have heard rumors of His resurrection, but they do not believe them. A Stranger joins them. About what do thev con verse with him! Is it the state of trade, or poli tics, or pleasure ? No! their entire conversation is -Christ, and Him crucified. The village is reached. They sit down to meat. Is it a sumptuous entertainment-are they plea sure-taking and feasting ? AVe trow not. Frugal £iro is theirs. Uread is the onlv kind of food mentioned, aud they offer thanks "ere they cat it. But, how strange! the two disciples look up with astonishment-the Voice which offers thanks is familial*-it has touched a chord in their memory and heart-it is their Lord. Yes; Ho is risen indeed! The Saviour leaves them. 1'hej are new men now-the sorrow and anxiety have fled from their hearts-the saduess has passed away from their countenances. ^ ith rapid steps they retrace the journey to Jerusalem, and iu their happy and ex cited conversation they forget the distance. They reach the upper room, the place o£ rendezvous. They think to bring the first authentic intelligence that the Lord is risen; but the news of His ap pearance to Simon was .before them. Thev are telling how their Master had joined them by the way-how He m made known to them in break ing of bread. While they are speaking, Jesus himself comes into their midst. The disciples are terrified, supposing they have seen a spirit." He calms their fears-allows them the scars of IIi3 passion-expounds to them the Scriptures con cerning himself-gives them counsel aud authority respecting the church, and constitutes them His witnesses-promises to meet them again on the weekly return of that day, and blessing them re tires. Oh ? who can describe the gladness of tho disciples 011 that evening. Fain would we partake iu the joyous emotions which they then experienced of all the melting and. hallowing religious services with which the church or earth has been UesseJ, not one can compare with this meetiii" between Christ and his disciples, on tho evening ofhis resurrection-day, I am asked by the editor " to show, if I can, how it is possible that j wo can do wrong in fol lowing so exalted an example" as is set to us in this narrative of tho way in which our Saviour and his appostles, (he should have said disciples, fur these as we have seen were not apostles), " spent tho firet christian sabbath" (as the editor erroneously calls this day), in their journey to Eminaus and back to Jerusalem." Far from at tempting to do this, I have waived the errors which I have pointed out in his statement and repeat, I am quite ready to take this narrative, and say to every man and woman in the land: go thou and do likewise; and full well am I as sured, that if they will act upon the example of this, (the editor's) model sabbath, there will be no need for christian men, and christian minis ters, to raise their voices against business, or pleasure taking, or feasting, or strolling about the country under pretence of studying the beauties of nature, or railway or steaia-boat travelling, or any other forms of sabbath dese cration. And I will follow this hint of the editor a little further, and will u look steadily in the face/' the very earliest mode of observing the Christian Sabbath'as fotmd "recorded in the scriptures.. The seveulh Lord's day since the resurrection, -the second since the ascension had dawned. Early, the apostles and disciples of Christ, to the number of are met " with one accord in. one placc." We cannot novr go to the house, in which was that large upper room. "We do not know how long that morning they were occupied in prayer; nor whose voice was pleading the promise of their Lord, nor what was the exact state of their minds. JJut, "suddenly there came a sound from heaven, as of a rushing mighty wind-not a gale sweeping above and along the earth-but coming direct from heaven. Yet n3 wind stirred. As to motion, the room was still as death; as to sound, it was awful as a hurricane. A liame of fire-of tongue like form-descended, and rested upon each of them. They were ail iillod with the lloly Ghost, and Ptranre tn tell, they fcegar. to speak with'"other tongue.'-. This man'ellous transaction was rapidly noised abroad, and the multitude came toother, aud were Confounded. Here were rough, un learned Galileans, who were suddenly enabled to 'speak in the languages uf all the strangers from various parts, the wonderful works oi God. Spe culation was rife, as to tho cause of thi^wonder, and while all were perplexed, some were sage enough to aliirui that the men were drunk,-as though being drunk gave men the ability to speak in foreign tongue.?. Mut l'eter stands up before that multitude, to preach the first gospel sermon ever uttered by mortal man. 0! the effects or that sermon. II >sv the multitude bowed and swayed under the p .. \ er of his word. Three thousand souls are pricked to the heart, converted to the fail!, d Jcsu«, and baptized into the profession of Christianity, 'i hat Lord's day had dawned upon a small kind of weak and feeble men and women; it closed upon more than three thousaud earnest, de voted Christians. Their master had fuiiilled his promise. Jesus being exalted by the right hand of God, had shed forth the power from on high upou his people and fitted them for the im portant work of proclaiming his Gospel throughout the many tongued nations of the earth. The entire of this first recorded Christian Sab bath then was spent by the ApostU- «ud bi»t Christians in religious c.vc.rcUes, commencing with prayer, eont:nr,ii;2 with the miraoulouK baptism of me aud gilt of tongues. Preaching and exhor tation are attended with soul-converting power, and the evening closes after the baptism of 3,000 persons, with the multitude of new converts uu iting with the Apostles in breaking of bread and of prayer. There was no pleasure taking, no to. cular engagement, no mere r,uin;al recreation on this Sabbath. As tlte bay of Pentecost commemorated the in auguration of the old dispensation amid the thun ders and voice and flame of Sinai, so 1 take it was this Pentecostal Sabbath the grand and awful openiug of the glorious dispensation of the Son of God. This then is the model Christian Sabbath. I have as the editor required looked it steadily in the face, ami I say, that nothing could be more conclusive as to the spiritual character, thu holy exercises, and the cntive religious employment of the Lord's day, than this " very vailiest (recorded) mode of ob serving the Christian Sabbath." 0 \ fur such Sabbaths as this! 0! for tho spiritual influence of that day I-T>r pcntooostal baptisms of the Holy Uhostv '+\\\\\2, indeed, wis Sabbath observant of tho most sanctified char acter. ' I will not detain you with the notices of Sab . bath keeping by l'aul and the church at Troas lior with the direction given by him to die eluiichts of G'.vlatia and Corivi*,!'., to' lay by their contribution to the fund? of Ilib church oh each ill's', day c'f thi? week; nor with the spiritual ecstacy' of John, nji the Lord's day. l-'ar ;',\V;iy from his fellow-disciples-a prisoner in I'aunos, " Cor the Word of God, and tor the testimony of Jesus Christ,"-solitary, and alone, deprived of the privileges ol the sanctuary, unable to unite with his fellow-christians, in public worship. John did not waste tho Lord's Day ill idleness, or desecrate it by pleasur-; tuia^, ur secularising it. ilis mind, hi; hia thoughts, his words, his conduct, were not only spiritual, hut were b.j. iMiuely spiritual, as, that ho describes ' , hitua-U" iu the spirit" on the Lord's Day. I think 1 tuay fairly claim to have met the do. mand of the Kditur. 1 have "looked steadily in the face tho most direct testimony to be fot.w.'l ill the Scriptures, respecting the very car'tiesi mode ,if observing tho Christian Sibbati." What is the result of that sto.",iiy gaze ? Do I need (o hold down my head, or turn away my eyes' from the evidences of Sabbath obscrvahce which tliey pre ient! Do I find, that revelry and mirth, pleasure taking and feasting, excursion travelling fyr aiero iniinai recreation, visits to wofka .>{ art for mental excitement, are the features which stand out iu bold relief iu these earliest modes of observing the Christian Sabbath (' No f But in the highest degree they rejireutnt ft day devoted to the Lord. I give the Editor joy of hie newly found argu ments. He is most hcirtily welcome ts all he cm find iu the modes of spending tho Christian Sab bath of Christ,-the Apo»tles, and first Christinas, in favor uf his impression '? '1 int tho running of Sunday trains, as a matter of true expediency, is morally fi^Lit. 