DUNOLLY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) March 31st. 1859. The report with which I have to furnish you this month is by no means so satisfactory as many previous ones. Since my last communication, there has been one continual stream of migration to Back Creek, and even now a stray dray may be seen wending its way thitherwards. This new field, has taken away considerably more than half our population, and yet, — and it is a striking proof of the rapid and increasing development of our resources, — our last escort, which left only three days ago, conveyed to Melbourne three thousand and forty-seven ounces of gold, a yield perfectly marvellous, considering the now depopu- lated state, shewing also, most unmistakeably, that quartz reefing is our staple trade, as that branch of mining has, of course, been least affected by the general move. This sufficiently proves our permanence as a gold producing community, and should form an assurance to the croakers who think that all things are going to ruin ; and to use the language of an adjunct town, Dunolly is " dead, defunct, gone for ever.". Whatever may be in reserve for the future, things have not come to that pass yet. By the way, a new journal, the Dunolly Guardian , has sprung into existence within the last two months, and report says it has lived its day. If so, it is no credit to the Dunollyites, who were loud, indeed, in their clamours for a local organ, but have withheld that support by which it alone could exist. Although but a small sheet and of humble pretensions, it has done good service to the town, and its mining news is more especially noticeable, as having been much more extensive, both in amount and detail, than we have hitherto enjoyed. However, if it is to give up the ghost, peace to its ashes ! Your own journal must, as far as possible, supply the want, so far as the mining department goes at any rate ; and as for politics, why they must rub along as they can. A new reef has been discovered at Quaker's Gully, Burnt Creek, from which some exceedingly good stone has been obtained. This is an important discovery for Dunolly, if it turns out to be a good one, and everything looks promising at present. The Guardian says that half- an-ounce was obtained from 6 lbs. weight of stone. In the same neighbourhood, some alluvial work near the camp, has been shaping for some land which was about to be put up for sale, but which the Council requested the Govern- ment to withdraw, as, in all probability, a lead of gold would be found running through it. The old lead is said to be again struck, near where the splendid nuggets have, from time to time, been turning up. The lead at that point suddenly jumped from 16 to 40 feet, and it has long been supposed that these formed two distinct runs. It is to be hoped the other is positively dis- covered, when we shall soon be visited by some of the Back Creek gentlemen. A small rush has also taken place to some ground near the Beabiba Hotel. This ground has frequently been rushed, and very little good has accrued, but I believe that something has really been found to war- rant the work at present going on. Several holes are about being bottomed, and a few days will perfectly test it. Moliagul has been yielding up its treasures right worthily. The far-famed Sparke's Gully has been turning out its nuggets in a manner perfectly astonishing — from 9 ozs. to 30 lbs. weight,— the latter found by some parties whose mates had left for the rush. Of course, they speedily came back again. The gold is found at the upper end of the gully, which has hitherto been but little worked. Of the other up-country places, for the present " Ichabod " may be written of them all. Sandy Creek is every now and then breaking out afresh in quartz discoveries, but water is now so scarce that only one mill is in regular work. Doubtless, when the liquid element becomes plentiful everything will take a turn for the better. Kaye's has, perhaps, suffered most from the recent migration. It is now almost deserted, except by those who have really first-rate claims on the reefs. This place pro- mised to be one of the most prominent in the district and may yet regain its fallen fortunes. The Kangaroo, Specimen, and other reefs, continue to yield well — indeed, splendid returns have, in some instances, been realised. A new reef is said to be discovered at Jones's Creek. The local paper asserted the former one to be but a myth, which drew from a correspondent a sort of chronological history of its rise and progress. By this it would seem that good hopes may yet be entertained, that when more perfectly prospected, Jones's Creek may yet be prolific in profitable quartz reefs. With this short and imperfect account I must close, hoping that before you may resume, water may be plentiful, and, as a consequence, my mining report more definite and satisfactory. 