MR. CHARLES DICKENS' READINGS. '' Amongst living authors it maybe affirmed that there is not an instance to be found of greater versatility of talent than is presented in the case of Mr. Charles Dickens. He was admitted, Whilst on the phronicle, to be. one of the best shorthand writers' that ever stept into the gallery ; as a journalist, his name has long stood high ; as a: Writer of fiction his fame is European; one of the besttspeeches that has been made for years sips delivered by Mr. Dickens on Administrative Reform, at the, grand gathering in Drury-lane Theatre; his histrionic abilities would do credit to any stage ; and last, though not least, it would appear that his powers as a reader are adding alike to his fame and to his resources. Referring to tiie 'readings,' the Leeds Mercury of Sep tember 18 writes as follows :— 'The desire to' meet a deservedly popular author, and. the novelty or hcflringihim -read one of -his own workSf proved sufficiently a'ttraofive to araw together a host of friends, from all classes, who listened wiflt rapt attention to the quiet humour and feeljiig jvith which the work abounds, and which was admirably reflected by Mr. Dickens In his reading. The story is femiilar to -every reader, as one of the most charming pfose carols in the language— sparkling with wit and humour from the first page to theJast, and at the. same time full of earnest kindly feeling— and It affords in a .remarkable degree aeppe for' the most vivid powers of elocution and expression. Few Christmas books have left a more genial impression upon the memory, and though there is a certain apparent anachronism in readings ghost story, prepared for a Christ mas fireside, .iii mid-summer, before a fashionable ? audience, the great truth thatthe author aims at, and the faithfulness with which Jie has worked It out, adapt it to all seasons, and give to 'It a. freshnesB and.' vivacity so full and rich that the mind never wearies- with the progress of the tele; but 'follows 1 every 'character with incessant interest until the scene closes. As to Mr. Dickens himself/ his '?? portrait . js ? scarcely -less familiar than his works, and-jf it were otherwise, we should not like. to trust ourselvesio a pen andink uketcn of one whose features the artist's- pencil has so often felled ta convey. There is something; sufficiently .striking :In. the face, and r general physique ofTSIr. Dickens to interest you:without exciting any peculiar sentiment«f wonder !dr surprise. There is, at first, a certain monotony of tone which leaves -an unfavorable im pression, but this soon wears off, and you find yourselves un wittingly reciprocating alike the ' kindly humor and tender pathos of the reader so thoroughly, that before you are aware you have burst intc-a hearty laugh, or have shed a silenltear. The reading was-admlrable, the varied wepreasion given to it, aotonly by tifc:tone-itf voice, iut -by the action erf thefaoe a'mj hnndB, showed 4 fnll concepttonofttieBtory, with all its Incidents crowding upon each other In unbroken succession, jand-thS po'wer id Impress,- Tkbre;fareibly'e»ren than by ms own - graphlcjien, the-apirit .rf; tjiat soijceptiijn upop, the bearer. Believed from any restraint by the express sanction of Sir. Dickens, the audience entered heartily into the story, and In dulged in repeated manifestations of enjoyment. The reading lasted two hours, and afforded a high degree of pleasure to all present The Manchester Athenceuin of September 20, notices the ' readings' thus x-^ On Saturday evening Mr. Charles Dickens presented him self for the second time before a Slanchester audience, to read extracts from his own writings. The large room at the Free ?rade Hall was filled with a fashionable assembly. Mr. Dickens lad selected, to occupy the two hours which he spends .with his hearers on these occasions, two stories which, we believe, originally appeared in Christmas . numbers of ' Household Words,' namely, 'The Poor Traveller,' and 'TheBootsat the Holly Tree Inn ;' and a third reading, consisting of two chapters in ' Martin Chuzzlewit'— those wtiich describe the character, long since become famous, of JIrs. Gamp. The tone of the first story is serious, almost quasi- tragic; the other two partake largely of the comic. The history of ' The Poor Traveller' points a good moral; but is, on the whole, somewhat uninteresting. Its style is , principally narrative; and, although read very effectively, the voice of the reader sometimes prolonged a monotone that would have been wearisome had the tale been longer. But in the em bodiment, by his- reading of the Boots, and of Mrs. Gamp, Mr. Dickens is .quite unapproachable As he portrays these characters by his skilful pen, and breathes his rich voice into their sayings, they become living jealities: and the reader is soon lost in the interest attaching to the inr amauauty, so true, so perfect in its kind, which he has created. The variety of facial expression, and the admirably adapted, although quiet gesture with which the great no velist accompanies and illustrates his readings, greatly in crease the pleasure of listening to him, and serve to intimate what a consummate actor Mr. Dickens would have been had he. devoted himself to the stage. His 'Boots' was best en- oyed ; und the auditory, accepting his introductory invitation to express without hesitation any emotion his reading might givense to, applauded, and laughed, and sometimes would ain have cried at the fortunes and misfortunes of Master Harry and Hiss If orah. Mr. Dickens was exceedingly well received on entering the hall, and was also loudly cheered as he left it At the close of his reading he announced that on Saturday, October 16, he hoped to have the pleasure of read ing the storey of '? Little Dombey' in that hall ; and on the 23rd of the same month his 'Christmas Carol.' Mr. Dickens has already visited most of the principal cities of England, Ireland, and Scot land, and has everywhere been warmly received and well recompensed. ? 