INQUEST. — On monday last an inquest was held before the Coroner of the District, Dr. Busby, and a, jury, at the Black Bull, on the body of a male child, aged about five months old, the son of Mr. J. Sergeant, storekeeper, of Howick-street. Mrs. Jfuchatrio and Connell and Mrs. D. W. Craiij were severally examined, and from their evidence it appeared that the child had been ailing ever since the date of its birth, but had been growing considerably worse during the the last three weeks. Dr. Mauchattie had seen the child on the 2nd instant ; it was then suffering from diarrhoea which he attributed to the illness from which the mother was then suffering. Dr. Machattie prescribed castor oil, und Mrs. Sergeant, under the impression that the child's health had im- proved, continued to administer this medicine occasionally and Dr. Machattie having left for Sydney, never again saw the child alive. On Saturday morning last Mr. Sergeant sent to Dr. Machattie requesting his attendance, but he, under the impression that the message came from the house of Mr. Serjeant, the solicitor, when he was attend- ing a patient, did not immediately obey the summons. On the evening of the same day, Mrs. Sergeant look the infant to Dr. Connell, who described the child as being very much emaciated and suffering from disease in the bowels, for which he prescribed an anti-spnf modio medicine, which was adminis- tered, apparently without producing the slightest effect. The next morning, he was called in to see the child about 8 o'clock a.m. ; it was then extremely ill, screaming with agony, and he again prescribed for it. On Monday morning, he again called at Mr. Serjeant's, and found that the child had died about 4 o'clock on the preceding evening. It appears that Dr. Connell was labouring under the impression that no medical advice had been resorted to previous to his being consulted, and reported the case, as one betraying culpable neglect, to Dr. Palmer, who ordered an enquiry to be made. A post mortem examination was held on the body, and a verdict returned— " Died by the visitation of God." APPROACHING LAND SALES.— We beg to re- mind our readers of the Crown Land Sales , announced in the Government Gazette to be held at Bathunt on the 1st and 2nd proxo., and at Hartley on the 9th and 10th proxo. THE NEXT MAIL TO EUROPE. — The Penin- sular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's steam-ship " Emeu" will leave Sydney on Mon- day, the 14th proximo, with the mails for Europe, touching at Melbourne, Kangaroo Island, and King George's Sound. It may be useful to subjoin the following time table of the dates of departure and arrival of the mails between Australia and England :— For Australia, the mail leaves Southampton on the following days: February 12, March 12, April 12, May 12, and June 12 ; and should arrive in Sydney, March 9, April 9, May 8, June 7, July 8, and August 7. SCHOOL OF ARTS. — Our readers will have been apprised by advertisements which have appeared in the local papers, that the locus in quo of the Bathurst School ofArts has been changed within the last few days. The large room in the Free Press office has been engaged for the purpose, as affording a more commodious and more central situation than the building in Durham-street. We are authorised to state that the rearrange- ment of the library &c;, consequent on this re- moval, will preclude the possibility of opening the institution until to-morrow (Thursday.) CONVEYANCE OF MAILS. — We observe that con- veyances are still required by the Post Office for Mails from and to Wheeo and Cowra, via Reid's Flat, once a week, and from and to Condobolin, on the Lachlan River, and Lang's Crossing Place, on the Murrumbidgee River, once a week. Offers for these contracts must be forwarded to the General Post Office, Sydney, before 12 o'clock on Wednesday the 2nd March. THE GOLD YIELDS. — The temporary decrease in the yields from the various gold fields of the Colony, attributable probably to the prevalence of the Christmas festivities, appears to have termi- nated, for it will be seen from the returns of the Gold Escorts published in another column, that, no less than 8631 ounces of the precious or3 were brought down to the metropolis and lodged in the Royal Mint, during the past week ; an amount which we need not remind our readers, is far in excess of the usual quan- tity. THE JUNIOR MUTINEERS. — Boston papers, received in Sydney, report at length the trial of these men, which lasted nineteen days. Plum- mer had been convicted of murder, and Cartha, Herbert, and one of the others, of manslaughter. Plummer's counsel had applied for a new trial. AUSTRALIAN HEARTS. — The Dublin papers state that the Australian mail, which was de- livered in Dublin on Sunday, November 28th, contained the almost incredible number of 1,400 registered money letters transmitted by emigrants to relatives and friends in the old country. ACCIDENTS ON THE LACHLAN. — Intelligence has reached us of two accidents of a most pain- ful nature which have lately occurred on the Lachlun. In one instance a young man, in the employment of a person namod Thomas Dick, whoso name we have been unable to discover, went out in search of some cattle, and while so engaged, the horse on which he was riding carried him between two stumps, and, the girths break- ing, the unfortunate man was precipitated to the ground upon his head with great violence. In this position he was discovered by his friends, and we understand that he lingered in a state of insensibility until the following day, when he expired. In the other instance to which we refer a man on Mr. Gibson's establishment, was in pursuit of a mob of cattle, and, the horse.on which he was riding, having been startled by some object ran away and threw his ill-fated rider in violent contact with the limb of a tree which lay in his course. The man attempted to escape by throwing himself back upon the horse, but unhappily, without success. The bough struck him under the chin, and it is be- lieved that death ensued immediately. This makes the sixth accident of a fatal nature which has occurred in this vicinity during the last four months, and it will be easily believed that these circumstances have thrown a deep gloom over the community generally. THE RANKIN-STREET GHOST. — It rarely hap- pens that it falls within the province of the journalist to deal with the supernatural ; facts rather than phantasms generally supply subject matter for the lucubrations of his brain. The mysterious circumstance, however, whether ideal or not, to which we allude, has been in every one's mouth in this good town of Bathurst during the past week. It seems that a certain loving couple, who happen to occupy a tenement in Rankin-strect adjacent to a cottage of goodly pretensions which has lately been untenanted, were indulging in a moonlight stroll in the garden attached to the house Suddenly the lady uttered a piercing scream, and sank insensible into her companion's arms. On recovering her senses, she declared that she had distinctly seen a figure, of ghostly propor- tions, moving in the neighbouring garden, " with slow and solemn tread," not clad like Paulina, in the Winter's Tale, " in pure white robes, like very sanctity," but in the ordinary garb of erery day prosaic mortality. In consequence, however, of the ascertained facts that this apparition presented itself at an early period of the evening, and not at the witch- ing hour consecrated to such visitations, — that the garden in question held out some temptation in its produce to marauders, and that the fair ghost- nfer had previously partaken rather plentifully of ;i petit 'ouper of lobster salad, that notable enemy to digestion, the alarm which the story rapidly orear d in the neighbourhood has newly an tisidr.d, and we are glad to learn that the landlord of the haunted tenement has in no wise suffered detriment from the notoriety attracted to it, since that very circumstance has induced a desirable tenant, who declares himself ghost-proof, to tender for its occupation. We strongly recommend him to ensure himself from further molestation by "goblin damn'd," by the immediate purchase of a trusty watch dog. Mr. STANLEY. — We regret to state that no further authentic information has been received relative to the fate of this unfortunate indi- vidual. The whole affair is, as yet, purposely enveloped in such mystery, that it would be prejudicial to the ends of justice to divulge any of the very tragical circumstances connected with this most mysterious business which have lately come to our knowledge, and with which the public will, dc-jbtless, 'ere long, become acquainted. In connexion with this subject we have been requested to contradict a statement which appeared in the Bathurst Times of Tuesday, to the effect that Captain Battye was accompanied in his search on Tuesday by " W. Rankin, Esq., and son." The gentleman in question, whatever may be his parental as- piration in future, totally disclaims the honours of paternity so generously thrust upon him iuprafstnti by our worthy contemporary. THE BURWOOD MURDER.- The coronor's in- quest, held on the body of the man John Perry, who was murdered on or about the 27th of December last, at Burwood, after four days' sitting, was brought to a close on Thursday last. The first parties arrested were Henry Crane and Sarah Frazer— the latter, however, was dis- charged from custody on the second day of the inquiry, and her evidence taken. During the adjournment from Saturday to Monday, the wife of the murdered man, Mary Ann Perry, aged about 47 years, was arrested, and on Monday she was brought before the Court as the principal party implicated in the murder ; upon statements made by this woman, the police felt justified in apprehending another party, named Charles H. Shepherd, who was for some nine weeks previous, and subsequent to the murder, a resident at Burwood. Mrs Perry, in direc- ting suspicious against this person, must have been actuated by a most wicked intent, and could not have had the slightest grounds for the dreadful charge she brought against him, and upon which he was arrested. The jury fully and unhesitatingly exculpated Shephered from any participation whatever in the dreadful crime it had been their duty to inquire into. The result finally was, as regarded the other two persons in custody, that the jury found Mary Anne Perry guilty of the wilful murder of her husband, John Perry, and Henry Crane guilty of being accessory thereto. Shepherd was acquitted of all participation in the affair. The Jury also censured the conduct of Sarah Frazer, John Wood, and Mrs Kennedy, for the manner in which they gave their evidence and for withholding important evidence. THE CUSTOM HOUSE FRAUDS.—The examina- tion of Messrs. Gibbes, Newton, Manton, and Brown, for the Customs fraud, is still pro- ceeding at the Water Police Office. Newton, against whom the evidence is particularly clear, has been ordered to find sureties for his appear- ance, the others are allowed to be at large ? each day's examination on their own recogni- zances. On the opening of the Court on Friday, it was announced that threatening letters had been received by the police magistrate, Mr. North, and by the counsel for the Crown, Mr. Bayley. Both letters were anonymous — the one to Mr. North threatening to waylay him; he decided against the defendants, and that to Mr. Bayley containing similar threats if he pro- ceeded further against one defendant mentioned. Who that was did not transpire. Messrs. Manton, Brown, Newton, Rogers, and Sears, have all been summarily dismissed from the public service, and Colonel Gibbes. Mr. Frederick Garling, Mr. Bramwell, and Mr. Nash, are all required to show cause why they should not be dismissed also. INSOLVENCY — The following appears among the proceedings of the Insolvency Court, during the past week. Surrender : — Richard Rupert Ewen, of the Glebe, near Sydney, gentleman, Liabilities, £550 7s. 1d. Assels — value of personal property, £96 ; outstanding debts, £5 14s. 10½d.; total, £98 14s. 10½d. Deficit, £457 12s. 2½d.— Mr. Mackenzie, official assignee, IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. — These returns, for the year 1858, have just been published, and show a somewhat extraordinary coincidence in the relative amounts of exports and imports, the sum of £6,016,310 being set down as the total of both species. The returns from Newcastle and Rockhampton are wanting for some reason unexplained. During the past year it appears that the wool shipped amounted in value to £1, 131,016. This shows an apparent falling off of no less than £141,051 from the wool export of 1857, and of £169,054 from that of 1856. The total gold exported last rear was worth £1,499,681, being £398,233 more than in 1857, while the gold export of 1856 amounted to . £156,148 only. In, tallow there was a great falling off, the export being in value £53,123, against £82,134 in 1857, and £137,202 in 1856. 