; THE I7ANCE OR BE AT H. . 7 (Frqui Poems and BallaiUof Goethe.) Tho warder looked down at tho doad of night On the graves whore tho dead wore uleoping, And, oloarly as day, was tho pale moonlight O'er tho quiot churchyard oreoping. Ono after another tho gravestones began To hoavo and to open, and woman and man Rose up in their ghastly apparel I Ho, ho, for tho danool— and tho phantoms outsprung In skoloton roundod advancing, Tho rioh and the poor, and tho old and tho youpg, But the winding shoots hindered thoir danoing. No shamo Imd theso revellers wasted and grim, So they shook oil the coreuieiils from body and limb, And scattered them o'er tho hillocks. They orooked thoir thigh bones, and they shook their long shankr, And wild was their reeling and limber ; And each. bone as it orosses, it oiinks and it ulanks, Like tho clapping of timber on limbor. : " Tho wurdor ho laughed, the' his laugh was not loud , And tlio Fiend whispered to him— 'Go steal me the shroud Of one of Ihoso skeleton danoors.1 Ho has dono it I and backward with terrified glanoe, To tho sheltering door ran tho warder : As calm as bofuro looked tho moon on tho danoo Which thoy footed iu hideous ordor. But one uud another retiring at last, Slipped ou their wbito garments and onward they passed, And a hush settled over tho greensward. Still, ono of thorn stumbles and tumbles along, And laps at eaoh tomb that it soizes; But 'tis nono of its mates who has' done it this. wrong, . ..' , : For it soonti it's gravo olothos in the breezes. 1 . : , It, shakos tho tower gato, but that drives it away, '. 7,-' For 'twas nailed o'er with orossoe— a goodly array— And well was it so for the wnrdor. It must liavo its shroud— it, must havo itjbetimea— The quaint-.Uolhio .carving it oatohes ; And upwards from storey to storey it oliinbs, : And sdramclos with leaps and with snatches. Now woo to tho wardor, poor sinner, betides ! Like a spindle legged spider the skeleton strides ' From buttress to buttress, still upward. 'The warder he shook, end the wardor grew pale, And gladly the shroud would liavo yielded, Tho ghost had its olu'.oh on tho last iron rail, I Whioh tho top of tho waloh tower shielded. Whom the moon wus obscured by tho rush,' of a oloud; One ! ' thuniloi ed tho boll, and unswathed by a shroud, Down went tho taunt skeleton crashing. 