, fe Stowe Jag entries. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10 1869. NOT only are our late sleeping partners, the good people of Sydney, as yet amoured of their regrets for our loss, but they are daily discovering fresh reasons for lamentation and impotent protests. The old jokes about Brisbane and Ipswich rivalry, and the soda- water war between them, will no longer tell The " Corporal's Guard of Mr. JOB N BAYLEY DARVALL has ceased to raise a smile Even the ancient peasantry, anent the " mud bank " and its three tailors, eau ox cite no more than a sickly grimace-the ghost of risibility. The Treasurer of the old colony, while bitterly grieving for the fact that the estimated balance of his predecessor is reduced from £110,000 to some £16,000, talks of the separation of Queensland as being, in some measure, the cause. He finds all on a sudden, that the before con- temptible Moreton Bay districts, which it was pretended were a drag upon the Sydney Treasury, have already diminished for cash balance, in prospector, to the extent of some thirty or forty thousand pounds. There is no joking over this. The popular wags are silent on the subject-quite chap-fallen and Mr. DARVALL solemnly interrogates the Government as to their intention with reference to their debentures whether they intend to pay any more of them, or shelter themselves from their creditors under the plea that they have lost, like MICHAEL CASSIO, the best part of themselves. But now comes as another complainant, who finds that Queensland has robbed New South Wales of certain lands and hereditaments" to the northward and westward, which ought still to have remained with the elder colony. This complaint is worthy of some attention, seeing that it is put forward in a daily journal which has hitherto shown a disposition to act fairly in discussing the questions aris- ing out of the recent changes. We shall, therefore, endeavour to show how small the real grievance is, and how entirely the colonists of New South Wales have themselves to thank for it, whether it be small or large All the late protests and objections of the New South Wales colonists appear to go upon the assumption that separation is something new to them. If the Secretary of State, like some Russian or Austrian des- pot, had suddenly cut off a portion of an established province, leaving the abandoned purse to pay the debts contacted on the general account, there might have been some cause for all this hubbub ; but nothing of this kind has been done. No no less than thirty years the probability of a northern colony being established has been before the public. Eighteen years ago this probability assumed a more distinct shape, by being embodied in an Act of rai hument. Ten years ago the subject WAS mooted here, and an agitation was commenced for the purpose of securing the separation. Nine years ago another Act of Parliament confirmed and extended the Queen's power to grant this separation, and six years ago the New South Wales Constitution Act ratified this right. Since then, successive Ministers of the Crown in England promised that our demands should be conceded, and now, at last, the issue of all this long preparation and cautious inquiry is-that we are free from the dominion of Sydney. How can any rational or candid man say that there was anything sudden in this? During some years of the latter part of this period, the Legislature of Sydney went on contracting debts with the most wilful blindness and perversity. The utter recklessness of consequences exhibited by them, in incurring such weighty responsibilities at the very time when they knew that a portion of their professed assets did not really belong to them -that the northern districts were only under their guardianship until the rightful owner chose otherwise to dispose of them-was such as would have caused any upright judge to refuse a certificate of honesty to the most influential insolvent. It may be convenient for them now to pretend previous ignorance, now that they are inconveniently called upon to pay the inevitable penalty of unprincipled extravagance ; but they cannot honestly deny that they have run into debt with their eyes open, and that any assistance which they may receive in redeeming themselves from the consequences, will be more owing to the generosity of their youthful neighbor than to their own deserts. So, also, is it with the boundary question. Up to this time we had only heard of disputes as to the Clarence River territory. Great efforts were made to prevent the annexation of that district to Queensland, and those efforts were successful. The daily and separation organ of Sydney has recently congratulated itself on its signal triumph, and we had hoped that the victory would have soothed, in some degree, the too evident soreness of our late masters. But this hope has not been fulfilled. We now find that a claim is laid, not only to a slip of country between our western boundary and the eastern boundary of South Australia, but also to the whole of North Australia beyond the 20th parallel of south latitude, which, it is suggested, sioitld be the northern boundary of Queensland. On what pretence is this modest claim set up ? We can discern none, excepting that of previous self-assumed possession. But New South Wales, in reality, never had possession of any portion of the territory which is now claimed for her. She has never cultivated a foot of ground there, or fed a beast upon the wild grasses that she now covers, excepting by means of exploring parties which we helped to pay for Nothing is plainer than that the Imperial Government has all along carefully guarded itself against giving any territorial rights to New South Wales beyond the 26th degree on the north, subsequently altered to the 30th degree, by the Imperial Act of 1856. Although the Governor-General's commission, as a matter of Imperial convenience, was made to extend over the lands of the Crown in the localities indicated, it was clearly intended that the jurisdiction should be temporary only, and that it should cease when the time arrived for the foundation of another colony on the north-an event now happily for us, brought about. And just as the northern boundary of New South Wales was long left undefined, so is the northern boundary of Queensland at present. The Duke of Newcastle's despatch wisely leaves that point to " await the decision that may be suggested in the proper progress of cole sation." In point of fact it cannot be decided in any other way. We do not say that the 20th degree, or somewhere there abouts, may not hereafter be found suitable for our northern boundary, but that can only be determined when the centre of another colony to the northward is fixed. As to allowing New South Wales to overlap and extend for hundreds of miles on each side of our territory, the thing is manifestly absurd. If the enterprise and capital of New South Wales should establish a settlement on the shores of Carpentaria, or in any other suitable locality in that direction, it is not likely that the legislature of Queensland would pretend to any right to interfere with such an adventure. The growth of a flourishing community in that quarter would doubtless expedite the definition of our northern boundary, and also the proclamation of a new colony, which would not be without commercial advantages to New South Wales perhaps more so than to us ; but anything like a territorial claim on the part of the older colony we utterly protest against. As to the future necessity of establishing a telegraph station on the north coast, that is a matter which by no means appertains exclusively to New South Wales. The expenses of any such establishment will have to be borne by the whole of the Australian colonies which derive benefit from it, and, whether one of those colonies or the Imperial Government has the custody and management of the station, it is clear that it would be highly impolitic to give any one colony an exclusive right of control over it. There is something more reasonable in the demand for a right of way between Queens land and South Australia. By one of the BO accidents or oversight. which were common enough of old, there is a tract of country between South Australia and Western Australia which at present belongs to New South Wales. As yet she has never attempted to make any use of it and it is questionable whether she ever will. It is, to her, something like the elephant which the man bought and didn't know what to do with. But, as it is only generous to open up a way between the old colony and this distant patch of country, it appears to us that the basis of a negotiation might be suggested, for the purpose of surrendering to New South Wales? a, sufficient tract of territory between our wojiern hominy and South Australia, to enable her to get at this dig last part of her territory. It is suggested that, for this purpose, our western boundary line should be drawn on the 145th meridian of longitude, instead of the 141st, as fixed by the Queen's Letters Patent. This, however, is asking too much. A sufficient tract of territory to answer all necessary purposes might be surrendered, without giving up our degrees of longitude. But if ever any such proposal should come under the consideration of our legislature, it should only be entertained in connection with the owner of an equivalent on the part of New South Wales, and nothing should be given up further north than the south boundary of Western Australia. In exchange for the country surrendered, New South Wales should consent either to give up the coast country as far south as the Clarence River, or to allow our south boundary to be conterminous on the 29th parallel, from the western interior to the Pacific, as might be considered most equitable. At all events it is not to be expected that we will now give up any guaranteed right, excepting upon a principle of mutual accommodation. New South Wales has long shown us how deftly she practised the precept " that they should take who had the power," and she cannot complain if she has learnt us the other part of this Highland philosophy that they should keep who 