RELIGIOUS AWAKENING IN IRE LAND. Moat of our readers are aware tnat an ex traordinary religou3 excitement, to call it by the most unquestionable name, has recently been manifested in Ireland. Thi3 excitement has taken place in connection witn earnest evangelical teaching ; it has not been confined to the humbler classes, but has included amongst it3 subjects banters, merchants, and others of superior station and intelligence. Its manifestations have been of a most un usual character, having a physical as well as a moral and spiritual aspect. The first of these, the physical, has greatly resembled some forms of violent hysteria, and has been treated with ridicule by some who believe little in strong religious emotion ; while it has been regarded with great jealousy and with a feeling of regret approaching to positive disapprobation on the part of those who hare hailed with delight tho concomitant, perhaps the causative, moral and spiritual indications. Cautious Christian men have expressed themselves warily with reference to the movement, waiting for fresh facts to guide them in their judgment about it. Some have gone so far as to visit the scene where the excitement- has prevailed that they might be eye- witnesses of what has occurred and is daily transpiring. Among others Monsieur Napo leon Roussel, a well-known French pastor, a man of most enlightened mind, exalted piety, and thoroughly philosophical caste of character, has gone to the spot and has given to the world a record of a most painstaking observa tion, and in addition some carefully con sidered deductions from what he observed. We feel sure that his remarks will be appre ciated by all our reader?, and consequently give insertion to them in their entirety. Monsieur I am about to give you an account of my tour in the North of Ireland, in the midst of the revival which is going on at this moment. To appreciate my conclusions it is necessary to understand the state of mind in which I left. I went to Ireland solely for the purpose of Forming a judgment of the revival. I felt that there was in it, if the movement were genuine, not only a motive to rejoice in the salvation of so many souls, but also a striking proof of the truth of Christianity. It was this last motive especially that induced me to under take the journey. I went full of mistrust. I had decided to surrender my judgment only to evidence ; to question without ceasing ; not to mingle my Belf up by a single word in public with what I should see ; to let no one know my intention of publishing. I followed this plan literally. In the morning and evening of many days I visited new converts ; I assisted, day and night, at the prayer-meetings and the reunions, and I wished not to form an opinion till at a dis tance from the place3 and persons I had seen. I believe thus that I took all proper precau tions for forming a correct judgment. I wish, first, to bring under your observation what I saw, and then to declare the conviction at which I have arrived. The great number of cases which I visited were accompanied by the physical crisis, which, in general, consists in wringing of the hands, raising the arms, moving the limbs, in a state of violent despair, or at least of great excite ment, under the sense of sin. After one, two, or three days of this state, I have seen the persons 'struck down' arrive insensibly at peace and joy by the thought of the salvation which is in Christ. All this takes place even without the accompaniment of a preacher or of reading. Without doubt, the preacher is often there ; the reading of the Bible takes place ; but neither the one nor the other is absolutely necessary. There are also two diffe rent opinions on this subject. Some believe that a prayer pronounced in a loud voice, and a hymn sung at the side of the patient, do him good. This is the conviction, for instance, of the Rev. Mr. Toy and his assistants ; but Dr. Cook and Dr. Morgan believe, on the contrary, that these hymns, these exciting prayers, only increase tho agitation. In all cases I affirm that, with or without prayers or singing, the attack follows its course, and terminates always in peace and joy. 1 wished to visit persons converted m tnis awakening without their having passed through this crisis. I saw many of them. I saw men especially, who, without having escaped entirely the physical influences, had in their struggle avoided at least falling down in public ; but their agony was invariably more slow in subsiding. I ought to add that, according to the testi mony of men worthy of credit, the cases of awakening without any physical crisis are by far the most numerous. The physical crisis is comparatively a new phase. It is produced almost exclusively in the cases of those less instructed ; however, there are examples of it even among the pastors. That which invariably accompanies these awakenings is — 1st, a deep sense of sin ; 2nd, a remarkable love of prayer ; 3rd, a peace and a joy deep and lasting ; and, finally, a moral life consistent with the Christian profession. But this is all which I saw. There was no particular attraction to such or such a denomi nation ; no secondary view3 ; not tho shadow of the spirit of party. Sin, pardon, blessedness through Je^iis — this was all the theology of the new converts. How does it come that such results are pro duced ? One knows nothing. Often the at tack occurs in the midst of a meeting, but also frequently, in all the districts, in other places. It is not even necessary that the persons seized should have been previously occupied with religion. The indifferent, the unbelieving, are themselves unexpectedly seized. It is a charac teristic trait that one can assign 'no explanation. It is proper, however, to observe that the large meetings are generally, if not the means, tit Iea3fc the occasion, whe.-e the ' striking down' takes place. Among the meetinga which I saw there is one that ought, in this respect, to be described. On Friday evening, the 1st July, at 8 o'clock, a meeting was assembled in the church of the Rev. Mr. Toy. The crowd was so great that it became necessary to hold it in the street. There a preacher mounted upon a table, and spoke with animation. He was a simple artisan, awakened less than five weeks before. The crowd grew larger and larger until it became so large that a second speaker could plant himself at the other extremity without disturbing the first. The street was very broad ; there were about 4,000 or 5,000 hearers, all attentive, all closely gathered together. After tho workman preacher, an aged pastor spoke with great ani mation. After htm another pastor, more calmly — and still patience and attention were sus tained. After this pastor, or rather beside him, from a small fir table, a girl spoke who appeared to be about ten or twelve years of »ge.* She spoke, exhorted, preached to the crowd of 4,000 auditors ; she said how joyful she was, how joyful ! that she did not wish any more for a new dres*, nor hat, nor flowers ; that she wished one only flower — Jesus. ' I do not desire virgin nor saint (she had been a Roman Catholic), but Jesus alone. Oh, come to Jesus, if you would know my joy !' And all this she said with life, with joy, with perfect naturalness. This young girl, who spoke with out fear before 4,000 hearers, was listened to with marked and serious attention. They wished a companion, who had been en lightened in the same manner, to speak after tier. She was, however, too feeble. The first ipoke again for her. ' I will tell you what she wished to say.' She then recounted with the samo animation the hiatorv of her friend. During these services of such varied charac :er the people not only listened but wept ; they ;ried ' Amen, amen !' And from time to time me after another fell, ' stricken down' by the conviction of their sins. They were carried to the church, which thus became an hospital for receiving the stricken ones who were succes sively borne into it. I went to the church, and there saw the strangest spectacle I had ever witnessed. Eight or ten of those ' stricken down' were here and there on a bench, surrounded by friends, who prayed for them, sung suitable hymns, or ex horted them. Those ' stricken down' are some on their knees, others stretched out ; all cry, weep, pray, despairing or rejoicing ; it is a spiritual confusion impossible to describe. At tbe same time the assembled people chant a hymn, and afterwards the pastor, who is not in the pulpit, nor has even turned towards the flock, pray a in a high, high voice, as if he would besiege heaven with his words. All this took place with a seriousness, and even with a certain degree of order, in so far at least that no acci dent occurred. This is not all. I pass to the garden, and there, under every tuft of verdure, I find again little groups praying and singing around one of the 'stricken down.' Those in the church, in the garden, and at the door of the pastor amount in all to about twenty, stricken at the same time. I do not reckon those who were immediately carried elsewhere. It ia 10 in the evening ; all continues as before, and I retire. On the following day 1 speak ef these twenty before a young man at a prayer-meeting of the Rev. Mr. Knox, and this young man informs me that, without any excitement, without any noise, twenty persons have been ' stricken down' that morning in the place where I now was. In fact, I see yet there a young girl who, * I afterwards beard th»t ike wm 18. for three hours p&3t, has been without move ment, except that she spoakj in a suppressed voice of her sum. Here, then, are two instances in each of which twenty cases have occurred ; in the one, in the midst of mu;h excitement; in the other, in the midst of calmness. On the following Sabbath, there wore in Mr. Toy's church 50 cases of awakening at the morning and evening services. As I desired to know whether many cases were produced without the physical attack, I devoted my attention to searching into such cases, and I now relate what was told me, or what I saw. The Rev. Dr. Morgan, who, without ventur ing to speak against the physical crisis,, desires to avoid it, and who has not always succeeded in this, assured me that, for some time past, three different persons of his flock had come to him daily to speak of their religious feelings— all new, as they proved. Now, ob serve that his congregation is chiefly composed of merchants, bankers, &c.; Dr. Morgan, also, while regretting the physical aspects, recognises them as possibly a means of attracting the at tention of the world, and of serving for a short trial to thoso who are afflicted by them. The views of Dr. Cook are similar, and he adds that these attacks are inexplicable to medical science. He also believes that excitement is hurtful to the cause. I have seen men and children who have been converted without the crisis, and equally sud denly. Oae of these men, for example, was constantly swearing at the workmen under his direction, violent in his family, almost insolent to his superiors. After a month's frequenting of the prayer meetings he was no longer the same man, and finally the last day, or rather the last night, he encountered a severe struggle. It terminated by victory in Je3us Christ. In the same manufactory I saw two boys of 13 and 14 years of age, who, the manager told me, had been formerly the greatest blackguards, in solent and impertinent, and I found them seated on the ground, the Bible in their hand, reading it to four other younger children. These boys spoke with so much humility and wisdom, that I was astounded when their master told me what they had been a short time before. Here is tho resume of a conversation that I had with another young lad of thirteen years of age. 'How do you feel?' ' I feel happy.' ' What is the difference between your state now aud formerly?' ' Formerly, I loved sin ; now, I hate it.' ' You were then formerly happy in sin, since you loved it ?' ' Yes ; but my happiness wa3 very different) and did not last, but left ouly regrets ; my happiness now, on the contrary, lasts conti nuously.' ' What difference is there between your tastes now aud in former times ?' ' Formerly, I became weary at tha Sunday school ; the sermons tired me. Now, on the contrary, I love the Bible ; I love especially to pray.' ' Why has God done this for you, which he has not done for others ? Is it becauso you were better than they ?' ' No, truly ; on the contrary, they were better than I. I was the vilest of the vile. Fancies the most diabolical pleased me most. But God has changed me because I prayed, and now I pray for others.' ' Take care of not being lifted up with pride because of what God has done for you.' ' Oh, I hope not ; for at tho commencement I experienced this pride, and my faith dimi nished. I perceived that God was displeased with me ; I praved, and my faith returned.' Afterwards, 1 learned that some one had wished this youth to pray in pubh'c, but that he had refused. At this stage I ought to say that the love of prayer is one of the chief cha racteristics of the new converts. The following fact tends to show that the line of demarcation between the 'stricken down' and the others does not arise solely from excitement produced by external causes : — I saw a woman who withheld herself from every prayer- meeting, who even prayed to God that the physical crisis might not visit her, be cause she said she had not time, and that she must attend to her children. This woman w&9 after wards stricken down without being present at any meeting, without any desire on her part, and I aaw her lying weeping for her sins. After passing many days at Belfast, I went to Ballymena, where I visited many persons. The following are some of the leading charac- teristics which struck me : — 1\. The change of habit is so great, that many spirit-sellers have given up, or about to give up their business from want of customers, or on grounds of principle. 2\. I saw here the case of a vision-seer, but this person acknowledged that her visions were without importance. 3\. According to the experience of a pastor, if the physical attack itself cannot be avoided, tho outward expressions of joy which some times afterwards seize the converts may at least be overcome. Thus, when the pastor witnesses a commencement of this in his church, ho partly ridicules it, and tho convert becomes tranquil. 4\. A Christian physician, who closely ob served the revival at Bullymena, told me that, according to I113 observation, the striking down did not resemble any malady. He gave a very simple explanation of it. ' We Irish,' he said, ' are very eicituble. The people iu general, when visited with a stroko of affliction, are ac customed to wring their hands, raise their arms, extend their limbs, &2\. Now, in the case of conviction of sin, the outward signs are exactly the same. Tho only difference is that they are more violent and longer sustained — a difference which is easily explained on the ground of the effect being in proportion to the cause.' I abridge my narrative in order to give my conclusion. After much reflection, and after having got rid of the feeling of surprise which I felt during my visit, I have wished to attain to a calm judgment. I begin by saying I put myself very strongly upon the defensive. I so kept the feelings of my heart in abeyance to the questionings of my intellect, that in the midst of all these meet ings, all the excitement, all the striking cases, I was not myself moved. Great astonishment overcame me, but any emotion when I met with converts who thoroughly satisfied me, as in the caso of the child of thirteen whose conversa tion I have, described, only gradually strength ened into conviction, which grew but slowly day by day. Now, I have considerad all the natural ex planations without finding any that thoroughly satisfies me. Have the clergy got up the movement for t heir profit ? N o, for often the laity have been originators, and often there bos been no agent. Is it the work of a particular church ? No, for the couversions have not profited any church in particular, or any secondary ideas. The revival has not mode Episcopalians, nor Presbyterians, nor Baptists, but only Chris tians. Is it illusive ? Is it hypocrisy ? It may be so in some cases, but how are the hundreds and thousands to be accounted for ? There remains only one other natural hypo thesis. Is it a physical or mental malady ? But then how does this malady produce always the same results exactly; results, note well, which do not bear any trace of previous opi nions, nor of opinions foreign to Christianity, but in every case the elementary, fundamental opinions of the doctrines received by all — the sin of man, pardon through Jesus Christ, and sanctification of the Holy Ghost? It would be a wonderful and blessed malady which could always produce humility, love, holiness, espe cially when one thinks that there are among the converts those who were formerly noted sin ners, as well as the haughty aud the basely sel fiih. No, the conclusion is forced on the mind it must be admitted, or the eyes and the eara be closed— this is a great work of God. This conclusion satisfies me. I give thanks to the Lord for having placed before me & new evidence which I may call a miracle— a second Pentecost; and I believe that this favour granted me of God makes new duties devolve upon me, or rather makes me feel anew the old duty of, working perseveriBgly for the advance ment of His kingdom in the world, and espe cially in my own heart A Model Wife.— In the ' Recollections of William Jay, of Batb,' by his son, the following is given as Mr. Jaj*s description of his first wife:— 'I was always dasiroos and aniious to be a (rood husband' nothing in my estimation and remarkiags ever beta? able to atone fjr tbe want of consistency and excel lency here, especially in a minister. But I most have been one of the basest of men had I not always endeavoured to act worthily towards the wife of my youth, to whom I was under so many obligations. It was she who contributed to give me that exalted idea of the female character which I have always entertained and expressed. She excluded perfectly tbe entrance of every notion and feeling of submission or authority, so that we had no rights to adjust or duties to regulate She possessed every rr qaiiite that render a helpmate— hT special qualities were admirably suited to my defects Her domestic virtues rendered my house a complete home, the abode of neatness, order, punctuality, peace eheerfiilnesi, comfort, and attraction. She calmed my brow when ruffled by disappointment and vexation; she encouraged me when depressed ; she kept off a thousand ?ares, and left me to attend to the voice of my calling ? she reminded me of my engagement* when I was for getfol, and stimulated ae when I was remiss, and always gently enforced tha present obligation, u the dntj of tbe day required,' 