THE BELFAST INVESTIGATION. ?' ??'.?.'.The following report, which appeared in the Northern' Whig of Saturday, lias caused, as we learr ''from our Dublin correspondent, much surprise and annoyance to tlie Irish Government. The depo . ill ions of the approvers were taken, as our readers will remenVber, in private ; but the precautions taken to prevent the premature publication of the proceedings have been defeated by the Northern Whig, in which paper they appeared at Ien2th on Saturday last. Tn what way the newspaper became possessed of this important matter we have no roeann of knowing ; but that its publication has cauecd much surprise to the Government is stated ascertain. The details include many singular facts not mentioned before, and enter iutn a full expla nation of the objects of the society and ita organi lation. THE FIRST ARRESTS. The prisoners charged on the first arrests were — James Kelly,. Patrick Kelly. John Kelly, Hugh Carlin, Henry Smvth, James Donaehy, 'Daniel M'Kenna, David M'Veigh, Bernard Smyth, John Pinlay, Hngh Finlay, W. J. Macanlay, William Iiaverty, .William Finnicran, Daniel Barr, Francis M'Goiiran, and James Hughes. Of the above, John Kelly and Hiieh Carlin became approvers, and gave evidence on the part of the Crown. ; The .proceedings. were opened by Hugh Carlin .(one of the approvers), examined, siith — T am a member of the society called the ' Knights of St. .Patrick Thrasher Society.' T heard it ealled ' The Ribbon Society.' The members are admitted by the printed form of allegation being read to them. The printed form No. 1 now handed in is the same, description of form which I saw when I joined the society, and which I believe is used yet. There was a printed form of rules and regulations. To the best of my judgment, it was similar to the form No. 2, which I hold in my hand. The rules and legn lations now shown me are the same, I believe, used ?now in the Ribbon Soci ty. We had signs and passwords. I don't mind the signs of the last quarter ; but I remember some of the passwords, as near as I can recollect, were, ' We expect a war between England and France j' the reply to which was, ' Yes, the Irish Brigade is on the advance;' 'Let each man fill his station;' 'The navvies are making preparation.' There were, also, passwords called ' quarrelling passwords,' which were, ' Don't ? be ignoraut j1 ' the rejjly to which was, ' I am better bred.' There is a night password, which is, ' The clouds are dark ;' the reply to which was, ' Yes ; they are dark as heresy.' I know Mrs. M'Kay's public-house. It is at the corner of Chichester street and Great Edward-street, in Belfast. I recollect being arrested In it, on the 12th of Decem ber, on Sunday evening, about five o'clock in the afternoon. I was arrested by the police, with a number of men. I know of Henry Smyth, now present ; he was there then. I know three boys named Kelly; two of them were there then. I know Bernard Smyth and Daniel Ban; they were there then. I know Hugh and John Finlay: they were there then. I know William James Macaulay, now present; he was there then. I know William Finnigau, now present; he was there then. I know Daniel M'Kenna, now present ; he was there then. I know Francis M'Gouran, noiv present; he was there then. I know Daniel McKenna, now present j he was there then. I know David McVeigh, now present ; he was there then. AW those men belonged to the ?nine society as myself— the Ribbon Society. It was by agreement we appointed to meet at Mrs. M'Kay's. It was Henry Smyth appointed the meeting at Mrs. McKay's about a month before. Henry Smyth is called ' Ma3ter' of the body, which is called Lodge No. 12. We were taking some drink when the police arrested us. The members meet monthly, whether they have any business to do or not. Henry Smyth, the master, told us wg would get new signs and passwords at Christmas. James Donaghy is. treasurer. A man named Patrick Cairns left the room. He is secre tary. Immediately before the police came in, he went down stairs about the reckoning. He did not return. I was in the room before it was dark. The gas was lighted before it was dark. I have met all I see here charged, at previous meetings in Belfast. I havo met three brothers named Kelly at former meetings of the society. Two of them are here, and one of them is not. Cross-examined by James Hughes, prisoner— Did you see me at the last meeting ? — I did not. At what meeting did you see me within the last six months? — I mind you at a meeting we had in Boyle's public-house, in Barrack -street. It was In the month of July, to the best of my knowledge. Was it in the mpnth of May? — It -was in the month of July, I think. ' ' Was it you sent the police to my house the ?night this took place ?— It was not. Cross-examined by James Kelly — Did you see me in Mrs. McKay's on the evening of the 12th ? I. saw two brothers in it. Did you see me in it ? — I saw you there. Cross-examined !by Francis M'Gouran — Did you see me receive these things — signs or pass words—or receiving any of ' these goods' ?— I- did not see you get any inf them. Cross-examined by W. J, Macaulay — Did ever you Bee me getting any of the signs or pass words, or anything at all connected with the society?— I did not see you getting an.y.signs or ; pisswords, but I havo seen you in the society at other meetings. Did j'ou ever see. mo at other meetings ?-r-I saw you a visitor at one meeting in Mrs. M'Kay's, and . ? before that- at a meeting of No. 13, in Boyle's public-house. ? Witness (to Mr. Hamilton, Crown prosecutor) — No. 12 is the number of my lodge. . Direct examination continued — I have been a long tijne in this society. It is confined to one religion only — the Roman Catholic. Did you ever meet a man of any other religion in that society ? — I never ditl.- I know of my own knowledge that all the prisoners now present are Roman Catholics. I met them all at chapel. The places where the meetings ; of tho society are always held are kept by Roman Catholics. 'By James Hughes— Does the Roman Catholic clergy know you to be a member of tho society? — I suppose not. If you were on your deathbed, would the Roman Catholic clergy, go to 'you if they knew you belonged to that society? — Thay would come, but they would not give me the rites of my Church unless I dropped1 it.1 , ? By Hugh Finlay— You say that the society is , constituted of Roman Catholics, only. On your oatii, were there any Protestants in the house ten minutes before wo were arrested ?— I, can't say. Tliere'were three little boys there 'when wo wont in, and they -went out. You say there were three little boys in the house when'' we went in. On your oath; were they not men t — I did not consider them to be go by their »ppoamnce. Was not Johnny McCracken in the house ten minutes previous to onr being arrested? — I don't know'snch a name. He might, of course, be there. I don't know Johnny McCracken, the blacksmith. Patrick Kelly — Did you ever see me at chapel? — I don't know that ever I saw you inside ; but I saw you outside at the gate. On your oath did you ever see me at chapel ? — Not that I mind. Have you sworn that you have ? — I think not distinctly that I have, but that I knew you to be Catholics. James Kelly having requested that part of the depositions where witness stated, 'I met them all at chapel,' to be read, it was read. Approver — I meant to say that I knew them all to be Catholics ; but I retract that part of my infor mation , where I say I saw them all at chapel. I might have done so, but I don't mind it. Will j'ou swear that every man here is a Roman Catholic?— To the best of my belief, they are; for they have to stand a cond examination of their fathers 'and brothers being so before they get into that society. The evidence of this approver here closed, and he was bound over to prosecute at the assizes. John Kelly (approver) was next examined, and stated — I am a law clerk. I belong to the Ribbon Society of Belfast. I belonged to it about two months before I was arrested, I was admitted into the Society by Patrick McShane of Pound-loaning, who asked me to join it. Patrick McShane is mas- ter of Lodge No. 13. I was sworn on a circular. It was something like the one I now hold in my hand, marked ' No. 1,' upon which I harp, put my name. I was admitted into the society at Bernard Boyle's public-house in Mill-street, Belfast. I made the obligation to Patrick M'Shanc, who desired me to go down on my knees, and bless myself in ' the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost — Amen ;' and after repeating these words, I repeated the words after, saying, ' I, John Kelly, do solemnly declare that I will uphold this society, and that T will take part in any quarrel where a brother should be engaged, and that I will attend all meetings wherever they shall be appointed in the town of Belfast.' There were some other things in the oath I don't remember. After this declaration McShane took me into an adjoining room, where there were about thirteen persons assembled, and McShane in troduced me by saying — ' Friends, here is another new member for you.' Several of the men shook hands with me. I now see one of the men who was then present, named W. J. Macaulay. There was then drink called for, and the names of the members were read over to me by a person not here now, but i whom I would know again. I gave one shilling entrance money to the treasurer, and McShane told me it was for forming a fund to enable any member to pay a fine if they got into a quarrel. We have in our society signs and passwords, by which the mem hers are known to one another. After I was sworn in, I got the passwords from a man named Patrick Hughes. He is not here now. The words were — ' We expect a war between England and France.' The answer to which was — 'The Irish Brigade is on the advance.' If a person did not respond to this, you were to try him with another, as follows: — ' Let each man fill his station;' the answer to which was — ' The navvies Are making preparation.' The quarrelling word was — 'Don't be ignorant ;' the answer to that being — ' I'm better bred.' The next words were — ' The clouds are rather dark;' the answer to that being, 'Yes; as dark as heresy.' The society is entirely confined to persons of the Roman Catholic religion. I at tended another meeting, held in the public-house of a man named Boyle, in Smithfield, at the corner of Berry- street. It was a meeting of No. 13. The same officers of that number were present as those I saw at the first meeting, but the other persons were twice the number. W. J. Maeaulay was also at this meeting. At this meeting, committee men were appointed for the purpose of giving out new passwords to the members ; to meet committee men of other numbers, for general purposes. The next meeting took place at O'Neill's public-house, in Mill-street, Belfast, about a mouth after the first meeting of No. 13. The same business was gone through as at the first meeting. I saw W. J. Macaulay at this meeting also. At this meeting I gave notice that it was my intention to leave No. 13 and join No.' 12. I visited No. 12 on the invitation of Pat Cairns, the secietary of No. 12, before I joined it. I went to No. 12, according to my in tention, in the house of a publican named M'Cann, who lires in Fountain. street, at the corner of Castle street, on a Sunday, about four o'clock in the after noon — about six weeks before my arrest. The meeting took place in a large room upstairs. I found there Henry Smyth (now present) acting as master ; Pat. Cairns, the secretary (not present now) ; and James Donaghy (now present), the treasurer. Of the men now present who were there were Ber nard Smyth, Hugh Finlay, and his brother, John Finlay, and my own brothers Patrick Kelly' and James Kelly, and Hugh Carlin. On that occasion I saw Henry Smyth introduced to the meeting as a new member, upon which several of the members shook hands with him. About a fortnight after this I became a member of No. 12, in the house of Bernard Boyle, Mill-street, Belfast. Upon that occasion the men now present — Henry Smylh, the master; Jas. Donaghy, the treasurer; Bernard Smyth, Hugh Finlay, John Finlay, my brothers, Patrick and James Kelly, David M'Veigh, and William Lavcrty — were there. Hugh Carlin and Pat. Cairns (not now present) were there also. The name of James Hughes was called on this occasion, but he did not answer. I heard Henry Smyth announce that the nest meotiug of the society was to bo held in Mrs. M'Kay's public-house, Great Edward-street, Belfast, on that Sunday month. I did not attend the meeting at Mrs. M'Kay's, in consequence of hearing of the arrests in Cork. I got afraid. The only signs which I got were for one quarter. Tho only sign I remember is by putting the forefinger of the right hand to tho right bide oi the nose ; the answer sign to which is by putting the forefinger of the left hand to the left side of the head. These were the sign* by which the members knew each other. After I joined No. 13, the day I was admitted, I got these signs and passwords. Pat. Cairns, the secretary to No. 12, kept a small book, in which the initials of the members were entered, and a number put opposite to each member's name. No. 13 is different from No. 12 in this respect; for in No. 13 the full names of the members are entered in a book which was kept by Pat. Hughes, the secretary. It is a rule to keep as few papers as possible in the society. The secretary keeps n little book, and the appearances of'the members are marked in it, and it is a check upon the treasurer's accounts. This concluded the evidence of tho witncs3, and ptisoncrs declined to cross-examine him. ? Unity M'Kay was then called, and examined. She said — I recollect Sunday evening, the 12th Docembi-r. A man named Donaghy, now present, came into my house between four and five o'clock in tho morning. He sat down and lit his pipe, and sat smoking about ten or fifteen minutes. Threi other men came in and spoke to Donaghy. Don't know any of the other three men who came in. The three men asked Donashy would he drink any thing? He said he drunk nothing but ginger ale, and did not care about it then. I think Henry Symyth, now present, then came in. He came first. Donaghy went up stairs first, after refusing to drink anything. They all went up stairs into a room after, situate in the back of tho house. Henry Smyth went up stairs shortly after Donaghy. There was no other room for them to go to. Three or four other men came. in.- One of them asked, ' Was Henry Smyth there ?' My girl, Margaret M'Kittings, asked him, ' Is it Smyth, the tailor ?' The men said, ' It is ;' and she directed him up atairs. They went up stairs. By this time about nine persons had gone up Blairs to this room. Then three young boys, agod about 1(5 or 17 years, came In and went up stairs, where they had two half glasses of raspberry, and one half-glass of whiskey. They had gone ahout twenty minutes before the police arrived. Just before thepolice arrived, a man came down stiirs whom I would know again. I have since heard bis name is Cairns; and he spoke to me about the reckoning, He asked me what was against him. I asked him was he going to pay for it all, and he said he was ; and, while I was counting up the reckoning, the police came in. The man who asked the question abont;the reckon ing, when the police came in, stepped aside into a little box where a woman was sitting, and sat down beside her. When the police passed through the shop and up-stairs, the said man asked me to take the bars off the door near him, and let him out. I told him to go out by the door he came in by, pbserving, ' My God! what brought you here?' He said, 'That's nothing to you — you will be paid for what was got.' He sat within the box all the time the police were there, and went out aftar they took away the prisoners. I had never seen such a meeting in my house before— never so many men, except on a market or fair day. I had never so many men in my house without a woman. The men now present who were there are David M'Veigh, Bernard Smyth, Henry Smyth, and James Kelly. Hugh Carlin was also there that evening. The witness was not cross-examined by any of the prisoners. Head -constable Madders, on examination, said : — I am stationed in Belfast. I recollect Sunday evening, the 12th of December instant.. I was on private duty in Great Edward-street, Belfast, ac companied by Joseph Thompson, from after four o'clock, p.m., to after half-past five o'clock p.m. I know Mrs. M'Kay's public-house in Great Edward street. Between the hours I have mentioned I ob served four men enter the house, and two leave. After five o'clock I received directions to enter the housp. I did so, followed by several of the con stabulary. I passed through the shop and parlour and proceeded upstairs and entered a room on the first landing, in which I saw 13 men, who were made prisoners of and searched. All the men I now see here — Bernard Smyth, John Finlay, Win. J. Macaulay, Hugh Finlay, William Laverty, Wm. Finnigan, Danl. Barr, Francis M'Gouran, Jas. Kelly, Henry Smyth, J. Donaghy, Daniel M'Kenna, David M'Veigh, and Patrick Kelly — were arrested in the said room on that occasion. Hugh Carlin was also arrested with them. He is not now here. There were several papers found on several of the prisoners, but nothing of any consequence as far as I can judge. I found the card now produend on Carlin, with some writing on the back of it. Joseph Thompson, sub constable of the con stabulary, sworn and examined, saith : — I recollect Sunday, the 12th December, inst. I was on duty near Mrs. M'Kay's, Great Edward -street. I was placed there to observe what parties entered the house. I arrived there, after four o'clock p.m., in plain clothes. About 10 minutes after my arrival I saw four men enter her house. Shortly after the four men entered, two of the same party came out. About half an hour after my arrival I counted to the number of- 14 men who entered her house. They went in by twos and by ones, and they appeared to know the honse pretty well, as they always turned to the left when they went in. During the time these 14 men were going in, two of them came up to me on the opposite side of the street where I was standing, before they went into the house ; and one of them asked me, 'Whereis Great Edward-street?' I told him I did not know, as I was a stranger in the town. He then asked me, 'Where are you from?' I replied, 'From Hillsborough, county Down,' They then walked away, one of them re marking to the other, ' He appears to be a stranger.' I afterwards saw the man who spoke to me arrested in the room. I see him here now. He says his name is William Finnigan. After that I counted 14 policemen who entered. I arrested four men who went in. . In about 1G minutes after the four men entered I counted four men who left the house. These four men stopped for some in the street, in a dark place. I saw two of them go back again, and the other two went up Great Edward-street. Shortly after the polios came down I entered the honse with them. We found 15 men in a small room in Mrs. M'Kay's house. Of the men now present I identify Bernard Smyth, Patrick Kelly, David M'Veigh, Henry Smyth, James Donaghy, James Kelly, Win. J. Macaulay, John Finlay, Hugh Finlay, Daniel Barr, Francis M'Gouran, and Wm. Laverty. I know all the men I identify by appearance, but not by name. The man who calls himself James Hughes, now present, was not there. The prisoners refused to cross.examiuc this wit ness. i'1' Margaret M'Kittings, examined, saith — I recol lect the Sunday the men were taken in the drinking rooin up stairs. I saw them go up there. I saw a great many pass up. Tho mistress desired the gas to be lighted, and some one lit it.' I recollect a man asking for Henry Smith. I said, ' I don't know; is it tailor Smyth?' I saw Smyth, the tailor, there that night, I think I see tailor Smyth here now. I remarked to my mistress that night that there was a fine lot of boys up stairs that night. I never recollect seeing so many men in the house before. I recollect a man coming down stairs to pay for drink. I heard since his name was Cairns. He was talking about tho reckoning when the po lice came in. He went into a little box in the shop, and sat down beside a woman that was there ; and while the police were some up stairs and some were at the door, he asked to be let out by a aide door ; he was not let out by the side door, but remained in the box while the police were in the house, and when they left he went out. I never saw him since. Of the men now present I know James Donaghy ; ho was silting in the kitchen before he went up stairs. I knew him before that evening by seeing him passing Vy the house. I saw Bernard Smyth in the house that night. I may have seen some of the others, but I am not sure about them. This witness was not cross-examined by any of the prisoners. Jamea Mac.iuley, constablo of constabulary, exa mined — I accompanied Mr. Tracy, the magistrate, to the house of Mrs. M'Kay, situate in Great Edward Street, on the afternoon of Sunday, the 12th De comber, between four and five o'clock. I was one of the party who made the arrests on that occasion. Went into the room upstairs, where we found 15 men. Of these IS men I see 14 now present. I know only the names of James Dounghy, Pat. Kelly, and James Kelly. I know.the, faces of the. others. John Finlay was there. Pat. Kelly was there. Ber nard Smyth was there. Wm. J. Macauley was there. Hugh Finlay was there. Win. Finnigan was. there. Daniel Barr was there. Francis M'Gouran ,waa there. Henry Smyth was there. Wm. Laverty was there. Daniel M'Kenna was there. David M'Veigh was there. I found all these persons in the room together ; searched the room of James Donagby, in Vetner-street, Belfast, for documents, and found none. On that same night, at 12 o'clock, I arrested James Hughes in his own house. at Belfast. A man named Carlin was also at the meeting, and was arrested in ?the room. This witness was not cross-examined. M'chael Canning. was then examined — I was one of the constables who accompanied Mr. Tracy, the magistrate, on the afternoon of the 12th of Decem ber, 1858, to the house of Mrs. M'Kay, Great Hus sell- street, Belfast. We arre3ted in a room up stairs fifteen men. All the persons now present, with two exceptions, were there. Jas. Kelly, Jas. Donaghy, Henry Smyth, Bernard Smyth, whom, I know. by their names, were there. I know, by their faces, that John Finlay, Patrick Nelly, Wm. J. Macanlay, Hugh Finlay, William Finnigan, Daniel Barr, Fr. M'Gouran, Daniel M'Cann, David M'Veigh, were there. I searched Henry Smyth and M'Gou ran, but found nothing of any consequence. This witness was not cross-examined. The prisoners were then formally. committed for trial to the ensuing assizes. Boyle's Case. The investigation into the charges against this prisoner, who was arrested on Monday the .3rd instant, was held on the 5 th instant, also before Mr. W. S. Traoey, R.M., in the County Gaol. ' The first witness produced was Hugh Carlin examined, said — -I am a member of thesscret society known as the Ribbon Society. I am a member of the body of that society known as No. 12, of which number Hugh Smyth, of Cromao street, is master. I joined it some months ago ; and nearly three months ago I went to visit a member at Coyle's honse, at tho corner of Berry-street, of which Patrick M'Shane was master. Upwards of 20 members were in the room at the . meeting. I saw Bernard Boyle amongst the members, who is now present before me. A man called Hughes acted as secretary, and M'Shane acted as master at the meeting. He stood a poll with Boyle as to who would be master. I think the names of the mem- j bers were called out, but I am not sure. Sometimes during last summer, about July 1, I attended a ' meeting of the body No. 12, in the house of Bernard Boyle, who was out-and-in the room at. ? tending the meeting with drink. The usual business was transacted there. Witness was tendered for examination to defen dant. Bernard Bayle declined to ask him any questions. John Kelly, examined, said — I was admitted a member of the Ribbon Society nearly three months ago in the house of Bernard Boyle, in Mill -street or Barrack-street, in Belfast, publican. I was admitted into a body of the society called ' No. 13.' I was sworn in by Pat. M'Shane, of Pound-loaning, dairy man ; he was master of the body. The oath was administered to me in a small room adjoining the large room. The nature of the oath was ' to uphold the Ribbon Society, and take part in any quarrel in the brethren's behalf,' as expressed more fully in my former dispositions. After I took the oath I was introduced into the large room by M'Shane, where there were about 19 members of the society. He said — ' Friends, here is another new member for you.' Several of them shook hands with me, and welcomed me. Bernard Boyle was present. The names of the members, among whom was Bernard Boyle, were read out by Patrick Hughes, the secre tary, and fines were recorded against those members absent. About a fortnight ago I attended another meeting, at the house of a man named Coyle at the corner of Berry-street, on a Sunday, at four o'clock in the evening, when the names were called out, by Pat. Hughes, the secretary. Barnard Boyle was there and answered, and a show of hands took place among the members as to whether M'Shans or Bernard Boy la should be appointed secretary to the number, when M'Shane was elected. The follow ing Sunday fortnight, about four o'clock in the evening, the same number met in the house of a man named O'Neill, a publican in Mill-street ; nearly thirty of the number met. Hughes called out the names. Although he had vacated the office ofseeretary, Bernard Boyle's name was called out. He was present. M'Sl\ane was also present. The following Sunday, at four o'clock in the even ing, I attended a meeting of members of No. 12, which number I had joined for the first time that evening, in the house of said Bernard Boyle. About twenty .two members were present. Boyle came in and out of the room, attanding with drink. The names of the members were called on by Patrick Cairns, the secretary of -that number, and the usual business transacted. Boyle did not take part jn the proceedings, as he was not'a member of that body. Deponent was tendered for cross-examination to Bernard Boyle, who declined to ask him, any questions. The approvers w;ere then severally bound over to., prosecute, mid ilie prUuuur was returned fur trial to the assizes. Belfast, Tuesday. — The fifteen prisoners in custody in Belfast, on the charge of being connected with an illegal sooiety, were discharged on security to-day, to appear at the next assizes. Bail was given, themselves in £100, and two securities in £50 each. 