TOMBOY AND HIS PERFORMANCES To the Editor of Bell's Life in Victoria. DEAR Bell,— Tomboy, a brown gelding, bred by Mr. John Orr, at Stratford Lodge, in 1850, is by The Premier out of Flight. Full particulars of The Premier I have already given two or three times. Flight, bred by Mr. W. P. Greene in 1815, is by Rory O'More out of Nora Creina, a full account of whom I gave last week. Flight has been in the stud since 1848, but up to the present time has had only two foals by a thoroughbred horse, viz, Tomboy and Romp, who was foaled in 1852. Flight was covered last year by Boiardo. Tomboy made his first appearance in public as a two yr-old at the Kyneton races of 1853, a fortnight after he had been broken in, and bolted, the lad who rode him being unable to hold him ; and I may here remark that the me- morable Black Thursday, on which occasion all his owner's bay, oats, and gross were burned, militated greatly against the early growth of this equine celebrity. After his defeat at Kyneton, he was well fed, and about December of the same year appeared at the Charlotte Plains meeting, where he beat some of Mr. Simson's horses. He was then left in that gentleman's stable to train, and at Kyneton, in fair condition, ran away from everything that opposed him. He then repaired to the metropolis to have a shy at the Leger, but find been tried so much with Balloon, that both colts were run off their feed, and Tomboy appeared at the post in no condition, and was unable to get through the deep ground. As a four-yr-old, his first effort was at Bendigo, and being in good form won his races with the utmost ease, Jeannette being his most formidable opponent. At the Turf Club Spring Meeting Zanga beat him in a canter for the Spring Stakes, though the former had the same day placed a good field hors de combat, including Sarawak, Arab, Flying Pieman, etc., in the Victoria Plate; but l re- member that Tomboy's defeat was attributed to bad hay and oats, on the road, which purged him. At Carisbrook he walked over for one race, but being fat and short of work, was beaten at three miles. He was then entrusted to Mr. Simson again, who took him to Ballaarat, where he was beaten in all his engagements. After this, Mr. Orr took charge of him, and he came out as fit as a fiddle at Melbourne in March, '55, and played a wonder- fully successful engagement. On the first day, the Publicans' Purse fell to his share, in which he vanquished Caledonia, Sarawak, Jeannette, and Modesty. On the second, Vanguard and Frantic beat a retreat in the Mem- bers' Plate. On the third, carrying 9st 8lb. he ran away from Haphazard (8st 10lb), Sarawak (9st 6lb); and Don Diego (7st 6lb), in the Forced Handicap. On the fourth, with a thumping 10st, did not turn a hair in the Auc- tioneers' Plate, beating Sarawak (8st 11lb) and Vapour (8st 10lb); and the same afternoon, under 11st 7lb, placed Degraves's Cup on the credit side of his ledger. And on the Monday following, I-Want-It, the winner of the Queen's Plate that year, hadn't a ghost of a chance, in a match, three miles, for a couple of centuries. He was taken the next week to Geelong, where he went all to pieces, after winning the Town Plate, but was patched up to run his match with Jeannette, far too good an animal at three miles to throw a chance away, with, as the event proved, for she made a great example of poor Tomboy, and everybody said that he could not go so far as three miles. He then had a spell in a paddock until March, '56, and his understandings not being all there, appeared at the post for the Queen's Guineas short of work, but he won the race notwithstanding, after a slashing set-to with Freeholder, and beating a good field, in which were Petrel, Cardinal Wiseman, Becky Sharpe, Jeannette, etc. Next day, with a 7lb penalty, he was nowhere in the Town Plate, won by Van Tromp. But the Sweepstakes was more in his way, and he bowled over with ease Cardinal Wiseman, Alma, and Jeannette; and the last day, secured the Auctioneers' Purse against an indifferent field. At Geelong he was beaten twice by Van Tromp, but the middle day appropriated the Stewards' Purse, under welter weights. He then took a provincial tour, and finished the season at Castlemaine, were he played ducks and drakes with everything he met. Tomboy then lay on his oars for a whole season, and came out in splendid condition to compete with Coora- min in a mile and a half match on the day of the great contest between Veno and Alice Hawthorn. The Sydney people certainly were in luck that day, for in his match with Tomboy Cooramin earned the only victory he has ever achieved in this colony. But the tables were turned the next week, when Tomboy ran the memorable race with Veno, and retrieved the faded laurels of the crest-fallen Victorians. I never shall forgot the excitement of that afternoon, when Holmes returned to scale after the race. It was pouring with rain, but nobody seemed to know it; and I verily believe that the exclted multitude would have carried the horse into Melbourne, had they been allowed. At the Princess's Theatre the next evening, Holmes was presented with a watch and a purse of sovereigns as a trophy of victory, and everybody be- lieved him when he said that "Wellington at Waterloo was not more proud of victory that he was on Tomboy." The ' bills of the play' announced that Tomboy would appear on the boards, but the apology that was given by Mr. Anthony Green, his trainer, amused the audience quite as much. At the November meeting Tomboy was in great force, and secured the Victoria Plate and Sweep- stakes in a canter, in both of which he vanquished Van Tromp, besides Alice Hawthorn In the former and Wood- pecker in the latter. But the last day he was murdered with weight in the big Handicap, and Mr. J. Orr did not push him when he found his burden, 10st 7lb, too much for him. At Ballaarat he went, for the Great Handicap but a certain falling-off in his condition, and an accident at the back of the course, prevented his showing at the finish. His last appearance upon the gay and festive scene was in the Queen's Guineas last year, when he broke down badly, after going a little more than a mile. He was soon after turned out and sired by Mr. Anthony Green, and has enjoyed his of um cum dig at his owner's station on the Colyban, almost up to the present time. Last week he was brought to Melbourne, and is now enjoying the sea air of St. Kilda at the pri- vate stables of Mr. Dougharty, where he is being looked after by Monaghan. He stands rather low in the bet- ting world, and lots of money can bo put on him at the present time at 20 to 1. VOLTIGEUR. 