CMALFOIRN?I A, B tie Hebe we: (Argus) have San Francisco papers- to the 8th of August The Californian intelligence is not important. SALu LAKE.- In tihe Sacramento Weekly j1u maen of July 16, we find the following relating .to.the:.:Mormon territory :--" We received a call last evening from a former highly respectable re sident of this State, whose name we suppress from prtdential considerations, who gives us some in teresting facts in relation to affairs at Salt Lake. \-- liets been in business in different portions of the territory, and has direct knowledge of what he affirms; He states that he ]has the most positive evidence that his own letters directed to his ad dress had been suppressed in the Mormon post offices after they had been recognised by his ifiiends' ; also, thait Mormon young men, cye witnesses of, and participants in, the Mountain Meadows massacre, had informed him that elder Mormons had.forced them to go, much against their wishes, and engage in tile butchery, and even now they shed tears when they speak of it. Judge Cradlebaugh hIad examined some sixty-one witnesses in relation to the matter, and has the most.positive evidence of the complicity of tlihe -?Mormons in it. ie thinks Brigham Young did not advise the murder, although he.has not pub licly denounced it. In private conversation with our informant, however, he stated that three \- biishops of the lower towns - Parawan, Cedar City, and the town embracing Mountain Meadows -were engaged in it with the Mormons in those sections, and, if tlhe.United States Government had not'meddled in it, he would have punished them i b'fore this. Brigham denounced particu larly John D. Lee, one of tile town bishops in the vicinity of the tragedy, as a ringleader in the matter, A young man who was in tihe employ of Jrighains at the time wh]en it happened, ,assured eqr.iiinformant that when the news was brought by express to Salt Lake City, Brigham burst out into tears, went to his room, and was sick for some time on account of it. We were also in fdimed that after tile men at the Mountain Mea dows were killed, the women were treated with the utmost barbarity by the Indians and Mormons. Unheard of cruelties and tortures were practised, which delicacy forbids us to mention. We are fuirtlher assured that Governor Cumming is noto riously under the influence of Brigham, is often :in liquor, and that under his administration no example will be made of the murderers. It is stated, however, that there are many good and hldnest men among the Mormons, who cannot be • lieve that such a tragedy was enacted, except by Indians; also, many.ignorant men, from whom the information is kept, and who would not sanc tion it. Our informant adds, that Cedar City, near the locality of tile massacre, which formerly cntained about 1000 inhabitants, is now nearly depopulated, and that Mormons told him seriously they were afraid to live there, for they saw the ghosts of those slain walking at night. Such is the teaching of their guilty consciences, or per haps, in somine instances, the result of hearing the tragic scenes recited by the perpetrators." CALFonuIi HIoIIGwa ?-MEN.-A San Fran sisco paper thus reports an encounter with high wayiden :-"Rattlesnake Dick" and "Rattlesnake .im" were recognised while passing along on the Auburn Road, about seven miles this side of Auburn, on the MIonday. Word was immediately sent to Auburn, and George W. Martin, a de puty-sheriff and tax-collector, with George John Sston: and. William M. Crutchley, as deputies, started in pursuit. They overhauled them on the Illinoistown Road, about one mile from Auburn. Martin said to '"Dick," as soon as he recognised : hinm, that " he was after him." The parties were all mounted, and an iindiscriminate firing com menced. Martin was killed at once- it is sup .posed by a pistol ball fired by "Jim"; Johnston had one hand all shot to pieces; Crutchley was very slightly wounded in thie right hand. "Dick" anid .' Jim" made their escape. As the Iowa Hill stage came doewn on Tuesday morning, "Dick's" body was seen lying on the roadside, near the Junction IHIouse; he wasshot through the body and head; his clothing was entirely saturated with blood. It is thought that when lihe made his escape hlie was olily shot through the body, but being unable to ride from the loss of :blood, !he terminated his existence by shooting hiinself through the head. The place were lie was found was over a mile distant from where the firing commenced. ConstableoBoggs, of Auburn, with a large posse, is after "Jim." Martin's bcdj;'yas brouLght to Auburn for interment. 