the black chamber. a oii08t story. We were three friends — Ferdinand a cele brated lawyer: Auerbaeh.ths court physician, nd myself. Ferdinand was lato one night, -so An„ovhflcl) told mo the following story One evening, I was hnati'y summoned to the ountry residence of the Count Albrecht Von Silberston, who had lately returned from Italy, with bis second wife, a beautiful yottng heiress, ffhom he had just married ; his first, it was said died at Milan, only a few months before this second marriage. It was, however, to at- end the Count's sister that I was summoned. Sho was dying of a nervous fever. I could ren der but little assistance us I saw she was be yond earthly help ; but I ordered some seda tives, and left written directions, to be followed till my return next day. I was preparing to take leave when the Count rushed in, and beg ged of me, as I valued his friendship, not to leave his house that night. He was devotedly attached to his sister ; and, aB I had no parti cular engagement, I consented to remain. The Lady Von Silverstein gave orders to have a room prepared for me, and begged me to take rest while my patient slept, as olie knew the Count would require my attendance the moment the Lady Theresa awoke. Saying this, she wished me good night, and left the room. v I was soon called to attend Lady Theresa ; he had awakened much worse, and the Count seat to beg that I would go to her without de- ; lay. I dressed and hastened after my atten- dac We arrived, through various winding ges, 'tu1 .'/jbamher of tho young lady. ; .ever shall I forget' 'tpopno that there pre- t Bented itself. j No one could doubt the Count's affection for > bis sister ; yet now he seemed to be perfectly ' unconscious of her bodily sufferings, and only ' stood near her bed to listen with eagerness to the words she occasionally uttered. She her- itlf, wretched creature, was sitting upright, staving as if her eyes would start from their sockets. I approached her : she turned from me, sheltering herself beside her brother, and pointing wildly at mo, she whispered, ' Did he see it ?' — " Did he hear it cry ?' — J "Did he see the ring ?' I sought to calm her, having often seen peo- < pie affected by visions in- similar circumstances, but there was no quieting her. She sprang : from her bed, and clung to her brother, still i uttering incoherent sentences, till at lengh she cried out — ' I feel its little arms there — there it is clinging to me to save it. I cannot bear the glare of its eye. I cannot — I dare not touch it. That fatal ring.' i Then, exhausted, she fell seneelees on the | floor. I called the Count to assist me in plao- ( ing her in bed j but when I looked round he :: was leaning against the wall, pale and motion- less. We descended to the saloon; the Count, making some apology that he had letters to write, left rae. I hastened back to my own \- chamber, but not to sleep. 1 piled wood on ; the fire, and sat down in a large chair opposite to it, recalling minutely every word that Lady Theresa had uttered. I could think of nothing else— what could have befallen that young girl. That she was implicated in some dark deed : there could be no doubt ; the awful visions : which haunted her were not the raving fancies of delirium. Her brother — he too shared her secret. I bad a dim recollection of a tale that I had heard when a child, of some heave curse ; which hung over the Count's house. One of ; his ancesters had treated his wife with cruelty, : and she on her deathbed left her wedding ring, with a bittor curse attached to it, and that it j should cling to thefamily till adead bride claimed : a husband with it; but what could that poor : girl have to do with a child and a ring. That night Lady Theresa died, and the next day she was buried. The Count asked me to ; stay that night, which I gladly did, as I was : worn out with my vigil of the night before. \- Just as I was about to consign myself to res), . I was interrupted by the jager, who knocked at my door to inquire if I had any commands. He was a lively, pleasant, fellow, and inclined to be communicative. We sat talking for a while, when he rose to leavo tho room, he ; looked round with a shudder, and asked ' if I felt lonely, or would wish him to remain all night.' I smiled at the idea, for he seemed really sfnid ; and although I did not think the place cheerful, yet I had no fear. I was as sceptical then as you are now. My talkative compan ion related many stories connected with the i chamber, to which I eagerly listened, in hopes I might find a clue to Lady Theresa's ravings, but all were connected with events that had o-curred years before. However inclined 1 might have been to have kept this young man with me, I now determined to 'place no obsta- ; els to my spending a night in a haunted cham ber, The very idea gave me a thrill of plea- i. : suro. I left no portion of my apartment un- Eiurched, so that I could not by any possibility ' bo played upon. I secured the door and the : windows, and having made all my arrangements . with the view of practically overthrowing the theory of apparitions, I went to bed, and much ; : tooner thau I expected, fell asleep, r: After some time I was aroused by hearing a ; found like the dropping of a heavy weight, as . I' fell step by step. I could not account for t. tho noise, for it seemed to proceed from the s other side of the wall, which I knew was an . outside wail, and there was neither room nor t: stairs beyond. I looked around, but all was nark. Thinking I mu3t have been mistaken, I settled to sleep again, when the sound was re- s . peated even more distinctly than before. I be gan now, indeed, to feel nervous, and sat up. v, ; A slight wind, lilco a breath, passed o\ er me, : but still I saw nothing. I strained my eyes as | .- though I could penetrate the darkness. Tho v - sound had greatly decreased, yet jl was con- i i bcioub there was something, be it mortal or ' j sPiit, in tho room with me. After watching f - "ith a beating heart, I argued myself into the ; "W that the noise must hnve been on the other ; ; side of the hiside wall and that it had been oc- 5 , . idsioned by some of the servants who had per- baps been up late, and so turning on my Bide, j hmd again to compose rayBelf. I had not been I , fettled many minutes however, when I percei- voil a faint light, coining from the same direc- ! hon in which I had heard the sound. I looked : UP. when to my horror, I saw a tall female fi- ' gure advancing Bteadily towards me. She had , j aig bright hair, falling over her Bhoulders, and her drapery was pure as snow, Sho stood still ;< 10 "ie centre of the room, gazing about her, I > .."as paralyzed with terror; hold my breath, j- I dreading to mako the least movement, lest I should attract her attention, but I could not for ' ) j"0.mo®cnt withdraw my eyes from tho figure. At last it perceived mo, for it hastily advanced awards mo, and extending its long icy arm 'sized my hand. : foil hack insensible. How long I remained ? 18 -tate, I don't know ; but 1 awoke before . was light, I sprang from' my bed, lighted a ' A candlo, and looked everywhere to see had my supernatural visitor left any trace behind, but I could find no clue to the mystery. I thought I must have had a frightful dream, till my eye fell on a ring on my finger that I had never seen before. What could this mean ? Who could that mysterious being have been ? I tried to recall the features. They seemed fa miliar to me. I had seen them previously, but when or where ? Yes — yes — I remembered they were none other than those of the Lady Theresa. Now it was, too, that I recollected distinctly the same beautiful hair. The eyes, though wild, still had the Jsama loving, melan choly expression. That look that nono but sho could have 1 Could her troubled spirit have come to reveal to me the secret of her dying agony ? Perhaps it was to ask me to bear a message. Oh, that I had been able to question her 1 how I cursed my trembling ti midity, that had prevented me from speakingto her. In this exciting state of mind I sat down, listening intently in fear of hearing herfootstep- I took off the ring to look nt the gift of the dead, when, ob, horror more terible than words can express— too terrible even for imagination — I saw engraved upon it the heraldic bearings of Count Von Silberstcin's family. The Legend of the Fatal Ring burst, as it were, upon my mind ; the whole thing seemed only too clear, It had been the Lady Theresa, but not come for sympathy — no. She had re moved tho fatal eurse hanging over her bro ther's house — that brother she loved so dearly — and I was selected out of the whole world to carry the dreadful weight with me to the grave. Ferdinand, soon after the conclusion of this strange tale, came in ; I told him of it. ' Why,' said he, ' I have been kept at Court all day about that same Black Chamber.' I urged him to tell me about it, and he began : " You both know Fritag," said he, " Count Von 5ilberBtein lately invited him to a large ball at the Castle of Silberstein. The night proved a tempestuous one ; thunder and light ning, and torrents of rain ; so they pressed Fritag to remain. He said he would willingly, save that he had ' an appointment early next morning in town. The Count said that he also had an early engagement, and that they could go together. -Under these circumstances, Fritag was very glad to remain under so good a shelter. The next morning, it seems, the jager knocked at his door to tell him the Count was waiting : but receiving no answer, conclu ded he had left the castle. So the Count de parted without him. When the party assem bled at breakfast, one of the domestics announ ced to the Countess that Herr Fritag had not gone with the Count. She immediately sent to let him know they were waiting breakfast ; but there was no answer. After a delay of a couple of hours, they broke open the door, when they found poor Fritag insensible, lying across the bed. They thought at first he was dead ; but perceiving he still breathed, they used the usual remedies, and he showed signs of return ing consciousness. They then entreated him to say what had happened, when he stated that the night before he noticed the gloomy appearance of the room to his attendant, who said it had hardly been used since the late countess' death, It was the room that she and the Count had occupied ; and since her demise it had the re putation of being haunted. " Fritag was not afraid of spirits, and settled himself for the night without any apprehension. He had been in bed about a couple of hourB, when he was awakened by a noise proceeding from the further extremity of the room ; he sat up, and was terrified by seeing a tall female clad in white, with glaring eyes, and bright golden hair hanging over her shoulders. Stalk ing up to the bed, she silently beckoned him, and ho mechanically rose and followed her through a long narrow passage, when she turn ed aside into a room quite brightened by the moonlight streaming through the window, but so covered with dut that it seemed as if no mortal had been in it for years. She raised the lid of a chest, and with a wild scream, held towards him the skeleton of a child. At this moment he descried all changing and becoming black as pitch. The next thing he was con scious of, 'ra; the buzz of voices round his bed. " All the listeners to this mysterious story were struck with amazement. The old house- keeper said the room was visited by a spirit, and so said all the credulous, The sceptical portions of the household tried to persuade Fri tag that he must have had a bad dream, " The Countess, a woman of strong mind, ineisted on sending for the Magistrate, and of having a thorough inspection of the room. Ac cordingly a carriage was despatched for that functionary without delay. It was some time before lie arrived, as the distance from the cas tle to his residence was about ten miles. The Countess resolved not to leave the room for one moment till he came. " Herr Sallag was only too glad to under take the commission of investigation. ' He had often pressed the Count to allow him to inspect the apartment, and to put a stop to the reports circulated about its being ' haunted ;' but somehow the Count always contrived to put it off. His absence now prevented any further obstacle, and without delay Herr Saltag, ac companied by the Countess and Fritag, searched everypart of tho room, but without result. It was all in vain that they shifted the bed, took down .the curtains, changed the position of the furni ture — there was no trace. Fritag showed the oxact place of the spirit's entrance and exit. The wall was next sounded — it was solid ma sonry. There was not a panel that could Blide up or down. The Countess declared there was uo passage connecting that room with any other in the tower. Still Fritag persisted in his story ; and the magistrate said he wouldnot leave the place till he could account satisfacto rily for it. " Accordingly he ordered a ladder, and mounting it, passed his hand carefully over the wall, if by chance he might discover a hidden spriog. After about an hour spent in this way, he exclaimed suddenly, ' I have it, I have it !' and by pressing bard with his finger, he moved a heavy door sliding into the wall, so as not to be perceptiblo outside. This led to n flight of steps also made in the wall ; then another spring door opened into a set of rooms that be longed to a superannuated nurse of tho family who lived in these apartments. The room into i which Fritag had been led the night before was to the left of this narrow passage, beforo com ing to the steps. Into this the magistrate went. I It was as Fritag described, covered thick with dust ; but they perceived the trace of a naked foot. Following the footprint, they camo to the window-sill, but no chest was visible. Af ter examining all round, tho Countess sugges ted that the window-sill itself might be raised ; but there neither seemed hinge or lock. How ever, the planks were lifted, and awful to re late, the skeleton was found there, 1 Herr ynlta would not allow tho Countess to proceed any further ; and giving the body of the child to one of his attendants, he proceeded with Fritag, They descended the steps, and go ing to the door which was easily opened, there they saw the identical white figure crouched in a corner, her beautiful golden hair hanging dis hevelled over her; and the witch like nui'be, with her arm raised about to strike her wretched victim, Fritag caught the woman's arm before it fell, when to his utter consternation, he be held in the ghastly misery of madness, the Count's first wife ! !" This fearful tragedy is soon elucidated. Count Von Silberstein and his wife, a beau tiful but portionless girl, whom he married, were travelling abroad, when they met with Mademoissellc Clara Dugue. the daughter of a wealthy merchant. The Countess was near her confinement, and the Count saw, if ha could only get her out of the way, he might easily obtain the hand and fortune of Mademoiselle Clara. The fiendish thought no sooner presented itself to his mind than he hastened to put it into execution. He travelled back in disguise to his Castle of Sil berstein, near Blenheim, carrying his wife with him ; but causing it to be reported in Rome that they had gone to Milan. Shortly after the birth of his child, he himself strangled the new horn babe in the mother's presence : the sight of her murdered infant deprived the JJUUA vuincsa ut icuawui AXO IUCII piuuau liei under the care of the old liag with whom she was found, thinking, perhaps she was as safe there as in her grave ; and by this means tried to quiet his conscience by not having deprived her of life. The only being to whom he confid ed his secret was his sister, but she was in no way partaker of the deed, not having heard of it till after his second marriage. The weight of the dreadful secret broke her heart. Count Von Silberstein hastened back after this foul deed to Rome, and there oau3ed it to bo circulated that the wife and child were dead. A few months after ho sought from Monsieur Dugue the hand of his daughter ; the ambitious old merchant was dazzled by a glittering coro net, and forced his reluctant daughter to marry the Count. The poor maniac had always occu pied " the Black Chamber." The first night I have introduced her as making her appearance there, her nurse had gone to a feast in the lower stories, and thinking she had left her charge asleep, ventured down the private passage I have debcribed, the existence of which wub only known to herself. The wretched creature, missing her guardian, and seeing the door open, hastened down the steps ; pushing the door back, she instantly recognised her own room ; and, thinking she saw her husband in bed, in the frenzy of the moment, put the fatal ring on his finger, and then returned, before ehe was detected, into her own apartment. The next time she was not so fortunate. The second visit was when her nurse was engaged in a similar manner as before, and she gave, as she thought, to her husband, his murdered child. It was just then that the woman discovered her. and bore her away. Lord Ashley. — A Chip of the Old Block. —It has often been remarked how much the sons of distinguished men differ from their pa rents, and the young Lord Ashley, son of the Earl of Shaftesbury, the eloquent and philan thropic leader of the ' Ten Hours' Movement,' appears to be no exception. We have heard a very good story of his canvassing- the electors at Hull, where he was hrmiirhr fni-maua o. candidate by the Church and State interest, who supposed that he would be as pious as his father. Several clergymen accompanied him in his canvass, when one of the electors asked him if he did not think it wrong of Lord Pal- merston to sanction the bombardment of Can ton ? To which young Ashley replied, " Why, — — it. what could he do ?' The shock which this gave to his clerical companions can easily be supposed. Quite in keeping with it was a speech delivered at a meeting of publicans by his lordship, as reported in ths Hull Advertiser of last week. " I see at the end of the pro gramme that politics are mostly strictly pro hibited at this festive board, and them's my sentiments (loud laughter). You may depend upon it that it is a great pleasure to meet to gether HB Englishmen, without any formality, round a table like this — r sort of free and easy aB it were (laughter) — and give our sentiments. It is peculiar to Englishmen, and that is what Englishmen are proud of. No man, whatever his Btation may be, whether a cabinet minister or senator, whatever he may be, if you divest him of all his external adornments, he is an Englishman at heart, ready to(strika and give a bit of his mind without any humbug (cheers and laughter). After the very excellent and able speech my friend Mr. Clay has given, I shall not detain you with any remarks of my own — I am not going to spin a long yarn (cheers and laughter) I am folly aware that my eloquence does not come up to the practised eloquence of my worthy and esteemed colleague, Mr Clay, but I know what I mean to say, you know, (applause and laughter), and you, I hope, understand it too (laughter). Al though what I say is, perhaps, not in such fluent language as it might be, still I hope you understand it (applause). Again, gentlemen, 1 beg loave to return you my most sincere thanks" (cheers). The Hull Advertiser says : " His lordship shortly after said he could per haps go on better with a song than a speech, and he then enlivened the company with the song of ' John Jones.' " The Whig and Tory Press.' — The Leeds Express says .—To damage John Bright by any means, fair or foul, is what our party writerb are eager to do. They fear that an earnest and able man at the head of the movement now commencing will break down and obliterate the old landmarks of party. They know that if the nation moves- Whigs and Conservatives, as poweriui parues, win disappear, giving piace lu new political classifications and new leaders ; and this to the hacks of our old factions is one of the greatest calamities that could happen. Therefore their policy is to destroy John Bright if possible, so that the movement just commen cing may not be forced out of the old party ruts. We hope, however, that the check re ceived by the "Saturday Review will act as a caution to all those who, in the service of fac tion, are preparing to aim their poisoned darts at the breast of an honest man. I Horse Mania. — The celebrated English race horse the Flying Dutchman, having been purchased by the Compaigne des Haras (a Pa risian breeding company), for £400, great de monstrations of joy were manifested on tbe news being publicly known. A grand banquet was given by the members, and a song, in ho nor of the acquisition of Flying Dutchman, com posed for tho occasion. — What a pity they could not manage to prevail upon Vanderdecken to take the chair on the occasion, or have had the Phantom Ship anchored in the Seine, with plenty of blue fire burning.) 