MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB ANNUAL STEEPLECHASE. Stewards: Messrs J. Little, V.'. Dunn, and G I)iitui»u- s.nrtor: Mr w. Dunn. Judge Mr J. Henderson. Mix courage with carc—finger lightly tbe reins— Face the dangers before you with pluck The best steed often fails wlieu a tame rider cranes," And judgment is better than luck! —Song of the Chase. Some croaking imported cockneys choose to assert that the quicksilver iu British blood becomcs inert metal on this side of the line and preach about engrvutingclimate and moral as well as physical lassitude j but such milkand- waterites are they who never knew the healthful jov of manly pastimes. Talk about foreign invasion, and tbe necessity of colonial defences; Why, no such a mere handful of enemies, as could be landed on the shores of Victoria, would ever get anything else for their pains thau a sound drubbing, if a tenth part of our adult population possessed half the pluck of the 11. H. C. Headed by their gallant Master, and following npack of "spotted beauties" aucli as old Melton need not be ashamed to kennel, the members of the Melbourne Hunt weekly perform feats of daring and skill that would severely try the powers of the best practised man and liorsc ia the most difficult couutics of England or Ireland ; and, under the same leadership, they would fearlessly charge at the serried ranks of invading foreigners, or else " llarkaway" is a Dutchman? It was remarked by Lord Fitzroy Somerset, during the Crimean campaign, thatthe most dashing officers in action were those wellknown cross-country men whose glory it had been to be ever iu the " first flight" (the only " flight" they knew was after a pack, mind 1) ; and in the ever memorable '' charge of the Six Hundred," the m.jority of the noble gentlemen vha fell were members of different crack Hunts. So lully impressed was tile Duke of Wellington with the bracing effect to the nerves of the chase, that he had a pack of hounds as pari of his camp equipage during the Peninsular war, aud his favorite staff were truly •' Field" officers. Well, then, mny the colony of Victoria he" proud of her ,Hunt Club, and proudly do 1, par excellence," record the wind-up day of the season- Tbe steeple chase of Saturday last was the third that has tnkeu place since the extablishment of the club, the contest being strictly confined to horses and riders belonging to the Hunt. Owing to the length and difficulties of tbe season, several nags were unfitted for the arduous task of a race oa merits, and the entries were only six, viz *.— M. H. C. STEI£PLECUA6B, a Handicap for a Silver Cupi value 100 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs cadi added, etc. Over about three miles and a half of fair hunting country. Mr Bevan's bl g Bobby, nged, l«st 71b Owner 1 Mr Bignell's bl g Couchee, aged, 12st71b Mr Coleman 2 Mr Itennison's bl g Rambler, aged/ jOstallb .-,, Owner 3 Mr WatsonVbl g Blaekboy, agid.^astm.-.....: Owner 4 MrCowell's b g Mocking Bird, aged.lU.t.T,..,;,;..,... Owner 5 Mr WotsontaUs 1)1 g'Pluto, lOst dr Tlie line selected was a rlug round that favourite Jtryst, tbe Hunter's Rest, on tbe Cheltenham road, and kept hy that true old sportsman, Tom Overman, Who once, pn a 'time rode constant to bounds, And will to again, or he'll know why, ' zounds 1 The fences were not very varied, consisting, with three exceptions, of stiff post-and-raijeis, averaging about 4 ft 6 inches, and 2f in num-. her ; but the galloping .ground wa< diversified, there being grass, _ ploughed ^ Jund," cultivation I and biui^itotae gone over. by Someof the lake-. oft.alio, wa»»e^ajikimd,otMBtopiB%jF Sgutosrhicb hs out iniismatch with Eiliigrew in the July meeting, notwithstanding and from having to slue, round aliarply at the Jeap—especially the third fron) home. .•.'•:•: About three o^cloclt, the starting Hime, there was o good mustei of sportsmen, and most of the jumps being plainly in new, some «corcs of horsemen prepared to follow through con. sen]ent high ways and by ways, way you may plaiscl But little letting took place,, the only disposition evinced being lo back George Watson j as is invariably the case when this prince of cavaliers gets into the pigskin} whatever animal he may bestride. ITie only odds offered OEinnst him and BlackVoy were 7 to 4, although everybody knew that tbe old horse is subject to severe baulking fitswhilst Mocking Bird had backers, if 5 to I would have been laid'; and Bobby found one true friend who pulled off a good stake at prices varying from 5 to l to 3 to 1. r . f;. ; ' ^ = At the signal .from Mr Dunn, Mr Renhison dashed off with the lead, and cleared the first fence well in advance, Blackboy and . Mocking Bird following him, and Cuachee and Bobby - holding behind. In the same order they cleared tbe second leap, when Bobby was let out, and assumed a good second place over the third flight of rails. Mocking Bird refusing, through slipping up. The lane was then crossed in style, the double jump being cleverly n.anaged by tbe blacks like so many Indiarubber balls. A ploughed field now tried the muscles of the hunters and the easing powers of their riders, nor was the pace very desperate over it—nevertheless it " told its tale of who 1 (woe)" to Blackloy, who declined to rise at the stiff timber opposing his egress from tbe heavy ground. Without mistake, and with scarce a touch of the hoof, the retnaiuiug trio maintained the "*'un-even tenor of their way" until approaching the turn to the third fencc from home, by no means a plaything, when Mr Bcvan let Bobby out, and assumed the right to show the way over. He took a good sweep at it, and landed safely; but Mr licnnison, too anxious to save ground, came sideways to the jump, and Rambler refused, thus yielding the second place to Co&chee.; Mr Coleman tried hard to overhaul the leader, but Harry Bignell's old favourite had not foot enough to manage it, and though both cleared tbe last two fenccs in magnificent style, and at great speed, Mr Bevan had the race-in hand. Rambler was a good third, and Messrs Watson and CoweU, determined to have the fun of going over the full course, were not many seconds behind, though Mr C. (hi? maiden appearance) had come a second time to grief. | |The race, which was over a really difficult country, is a credit to thec.ub whose memben were engaged in it, and delighted the spectators ; nor could any but rejoice tbatihe trophy was gained by so cstimablo and. constant a supporter of the Hunt as Mr Bevan. NIHUOD'S GHOST. 