CALIFORNIA. By the Hebe we have San Francisco papers to the 8th of August, The Californian intelligence is unimportant. The Victoria (Vancouver) A Gazette of July 6 gives the following extracts from a correspondence from Fort Yale : Accounts from Prince Albert Flat, near Fort Yale, continue to be favourable. Miners who have taken up claims there assure me that the joy-dirt' yields 38 cents to the pan. As the hat is of considerable extent it will afford profitable employment to hundreds for many years. On Sailor Bay, about seven miles above Fort Yale, a man named Meade and his partner, according to their own statements, made 50 tons. per co per day. In consequence of of the very small supply of water, this extensive bar is monopolised by these two miners. " Some Chinamen have settled on an elevated flat beyond Spuzzem; they convey the dirt in wheelbarrows to the river's brink. They pay dirt is sufficiently rich to afford them ample remunera- tion for their labour. On Emory's Bar the ditch has been carried back, but the bank diggings have not turned out so good as was generally expected. "The miners are sinkingprospecting-sbafts in the mountains back of Hill's Bar. no gold has yet been found, but, from certain indications known to experienced miners, it is hoped that success will attend these operations. " The latest accounts from the Upper Fraser are most encouraging. Rich alluvial diggings have been found in the neighbourhood of Fort Alexander, and extensive and rich dry diggings near Lytton. "There is a silver mine to the eastward of Sailor Bay, Specimens of the ore have been ok joibited hero. * " It is also asserted that quicksilver has been discovered. " New Diggings. The reports of new diggings in the vicinity of Fort Alexander had been confirmed, and many of the miners on Bridge River and the Upper Fraser districts were preparing to start for the new locality. On the Lower Fraser, owing to the fall of the river, several bars were being worked to advantage, and the general news from most of the mining localities seems very favourable. lb. Shipment of Treas the for June. The shipments of gold-dust for the month of June last were as follows: -By Wells, Fargo, and Co., per Pacific, June 5th, 6,000 dols. ; per Forwood, June 6th. 19,300 does ; per Panama, June 11th, 5,300 dois, j per Forwood, June 21st, 14,70 dois, j per Pacific, June 23rd, 15,200 dois, j pe. Panama, June 20th, 20,900 dols. ; total by Wells Fargo, and Co., 87,400, By Freeman and Co., by the foregoing: steamers, a total of 37,000 doors.-, and by other shippers, 50,000 ; making a total of 175,225 domestic. SALT LAKE In the Sacramento Weekly Union of July 16 we find the following, relating to the Mormon territory :-" We received a cart last evening from a former highly respectable resident of this State, whose name we suppress., from prudential considerations, who gives us some interesting facts in relation to affairs at Se! i Lake. He has been in business in different per. tions of the territory, and has direct knowledge of what he affirms. He states that helios the most positive evidence that his own letters directed to his address had been suppressed in the Mormon post-offices, after they had been recognised by his friends ; also that Mormon young men, eyewitnesses of, and participants in, th J, Mountain Meadows massacre, had informed him that elder Mormons had forced them to go, much against their wishes, and engage in the butchery, and even now they shed tears when they speak of it. Judge Cradlebaugh had examined some 01 witnesses in relation to the matter, and has the most positive evidence of the complicity of the Mormons in it. He thinks Brigham Young did not advise the murder, although he has not publicly denounce I it. In private conversation with our informant, however he stated that three bishops of the lower towns, Parawan, Cedar City, and the town embracing Mountain Meadows, were engaged in it with Mormons in those sections, and if the: United States Government had not meddled in is he would have punished them before this. Brigham denounced particularly John D. Lee, one of the town bishops in the vicinity of the tragedy.., as a ringleader in the matter. A young miner who was in the employ of Brigham at the time when it happened assured our informant that when the news was brought by express to Salt lake City, Brigham burst out in tears, went to his room, and was sick for some time on account of it. We were also informed that after the men at the Mountain Meadows was killed, the women were treated with the utmost barbarity by the Indians and Mormons. unheard-of cruelties and tortures were practised, which delicacy forbids us to nie 1 tion. We are further assured that Govern c Cumming is notoriously under the influence of of Brigham, is often in liquor, and that under his administration no example will be made of £13 murderers. It is stated, however, that there are many good and honest men among the Mormons, who cannot believe that such a tragedy was enacted, except by Indians ; also many ignorant men, from whom the information is kept, and who would not sanction it. Our informant adds that Cedar City, near the locality of the massacre, which formerly contained about 1,000 inhabitants, is now nearly depopulated, and that [Mormons told him seriously they were afraid to live there, for they saw the ghosts of those slain walking at night. Such is the teaching of their guilty consciences, or perhaps, in some instances, the results of hearing the tragic scenes excited by the perpetrators." 