GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. A Female Hennesey Cousens he Chicago correspondent of the New York Times supplies that journal with a rather doubtful story. In 1856 a Miss Richardson, of Cleveland, took passage in the vessel of a relation for Green Bay, where she was to be married. During the passage the officers and men became intoxicated, and, during a gale, the vessel was washed on an island, in Lake Superior, near the British coast, and north-west from Isle Royal.!!. The captain and crew leaped overboard as the vessel struck, and Miss Richardson and her cousin (the matJ) were about to follow when a spar from the broken and shattered mast Mr to Ills deck striking the mate upon the hTd and. instantly killing him. Miss Richardson's crimean forsook her at this no ful sight, and she sank insensible upon the deck. When she came to her senses in storm was dying away, and the vessel was fast among the rocks, about a mile from land. By her lay the mutilated body of her coming, at the sight of which she nearly fainted. Summoning up resolution, the got up. some trunks from the cabin, rushed them to a spar, tied a life-preserver round her, and floated ashore, amid a heap of barrels, boxes, &c.; Nothing could she see of the now who had left the ship. When night approached she became very dismal, and knelt down and prayed. Presently she saw a dark hole floating ashore, and wading into the water she dragged it to land. It contained buffalo robes, some of which were dry, and kept her warm during a deep slumber, which fell upon her that night. Next morning she set to work to save everything she could from the sea, and was fortunate to Dud a case of sardines, from which she made a hearty meal. On the second day she e jammed collie in the cargo, and found sufficient provisions to father for four year?. On the third day the waves threw up the dead and bruised bodies of ill" crew. in the pocket of one of them (a cousin) she found a box of matches. She is in shallow graves, and interred the dead. She does not say how she procured water. After the lapse of six weeks she became more contented. She had learned to catch Ash and cook her provisions without a stave. She built a hut, and, though site suffered considerably during the winter, got inured to its severity. Occasionally she saw vessels, but could not attract their attention. On the 25th February, 1850, after she had been three years alone, some Indians from the British shore visited the island, with whom she returned to the British territory, and was forwarded to Fort William. Such is a condensation of the rather fabulous account in the New York 'women, taken from a diary said to have been kept by Miss Richardson, The FitBNou AnT. Marshal Randon, the new French Minister of War, is a living illustration of the famous saying of the time of the Empire that every French soldier carried the baton of it Marshal of France in his knapsack. He was but a sergeant in 1912, and he gained the epaulette of a sub-lieutenant by gallant conduct at the battle of Muskona. The War office is not now to him. He was War Minister to the Prince President of the Republic from January 21 to October 20, 1931. Sillco then, till very recently, he has been Governor General of Algeria. The Duke de Undone, the new Minister of the Interior, is the son of General Arrighi, who was created Duke de I'ndouo by Nap leon. He was Prefect of the Seine and Oise from 1849 to 1852, and afterwards Muster of Requests in the Council of State. On the death of his father, in 1850, he was made a senator, and, lilies having again come into fashion, he assumed the hereditary dignity of Duke de Padoue. The new Minister is now it5 years old, having been born in little Globe. MunDEN Will Day-the Freeman's Joitrnalot a late date contains the following:-" On the morning of the Sill February the body of an on fortunate woman, named Mary Madden, was discovered brutally murdered, it at a place known as Argarvan, near the Curragh Camp. Several wounds wire on the body of the deceased, her clothes were all torn and a large stone was (breed a considerable way into her mouth. At the inquest a witness deposed that he heard on the night of the [murder a woman screaming and calling on', " Don't murder me." 'I he voice of the person in distress came from the direction in which the body was found. Yesterday, Inspector Ryan, of the G division, and Sergeant Hopkins, of the Newbridge constabulary, proceeded to the Richmond Barracks, and arrested Sergeant Jones and Privates Patrick Daly and William Manly, of the 14th Regt., on suspicion of being concerned in this murder. These suspicions are founded on the fact of Daly and Manly being seen walking in company with the deceased and going in the direction of the place in which she was found murdered on the night of the 4th February, and that they were both absent from their quarters at the camp on the night in question. The evidence against Sergeant Jones in, that he was seen in company with Only and Manly the night the murder was committed, and that he was also absent from the camp on that night without leave, it being able satisfactorily to account for himself. The three prisoners were transmitted to Naas, where an inquiry will be held into the charge brought against them. England's Declaration of Neutkality.-It is pleasant when a Royal Proclamation expresses nothing more than the universal will and judgment of the country. Seldom has any act of State borne this character more truly than (he injunction which Her Majesty has just addressed to her loving subjects, admonishing them of the duty of maintaining strict neutrality to the war that has broken out between Austria, on the one hand, and, France, will Sardinia, on the other. Such is the national pleasure, and, so far as the present aspect of affairs enables us to determine the conduct of the future, the national resolve. We are almost more unanimous than we have been with respect to a similar question in desir- ing that our Government should neither directly or indirectly abel either of the parties to a quarrel in which we discover both parties to be in the wrong. But neutrality imposes special obligations upon the private citizens as well as upon the rulers of the State by which a neutral attitude is assumed, and it is to remind English subjects and others who look to England for protection, of the self-restraint which they are bound by this consideration to observe, that the proclamation is put forward. Perhaps it might have been made more explicit with advantage, but such documents would speedily be expanded beyond manageable dimensions if they professed to state with precision all the possible applications of the general rule which they summarise. There are, as we are reminded by "the Government, a great number of our countrymen residing and carrying on trade, and possessing property and exercising privileges within the dominions of each of the warring Sovereigns, and they must make it the object of their care, with all the means of communication which they can command, to govern themselves in a riot accordance with the national policy of non., interference in the italian struggle. 'The pro. ' clamation points out certain sorts of even partizanship, such as the. furnish g of ships ox guns and the con ve j ance of warlike material, which cannot be inadvertently or imconsuijaaiy calumniated, and whoever ventures to disobey the definite behests of the law in these particulars, may be certain of doing so at his peril. As for those infractions of the neutral principle which may be unwittingly perpetrated by persons engaged in their ordinary peaceful callings, all that can be suit! is that the conduct, of Englishmen who have relations with any of the hostile States will be judged, according to the apparent sincerity of their endeavours to avoid giving legitimate "ffûuce.-Munchester Guard'miu Tur. Another Gilks in the Would-be Jackson Whig gives the following particulars of the weight and dimensions of Miles Durden, who died in Teiiiiess- e about two years since He was twice married. His children are very large, but probably none of them will over be more than half the weight of their father. He was quite active and lively, and labored until about four years ago, when he became so fleshy that he was compelled to stay at home, or be wheeled about in a two-horse waggon. In If!)!) he made a contract with a tailor to furnish him with a suit of clothes for 50 dols. the cloth was to cost 8 does. Upon measurement, it look 13 yards of cloth, so the tailor To 119 dogs, and the making. The tailor states that three men, each weighing over 200 lbs, put the coat on, buttoned it around them, and walked across the square at Lexington. in 1880 it took 100 yards of flax cloth, yard wide, to make him a cow'. It, took, 10 yards of cambric for a shroud, 84 yards of black velvet to cover the sides and lid of his coffin ; 125 feet of plank to make his coffin. The coffin was R feet long, 18 inches across the breast, 18 inches across the head, 14 inches across the feet, and 35 inches in depth. He weighed in 1854, 871 His. His height was 7 feet 6 inches ; his weight when he died, as nearly as can be ascertained, was a fraction over 1000 lbs. The Press. The i calling of a journalist in a comparatively small community is by no means an enviable one. Unlike journalism in the old country, a writer for the Press here is identified with any article that appears, and becomes actually, if not ostensibly, responsible 'to the circle he moves in, and to the community at large. Recognised by custom, a writer cannot induce as a solicitor would speak or a barrister harangue, The terrible Libel Law hangs over the freedom of the Press like the sword of Damocles. There is a penalty of ruin attendant on the virtue of speaking out; yet, if the Press do not speak out in unmistakeable Jan 6 mu o when emergency demands it, of what use is the Pi is ? We all live in the Present, and hope in the Future and claim, therefore, a liberty in our comments as fully as that accorded to historians of the Past. William Cobbett once asked, When libel began and gentle was toler- able? The result of his original disquisition ended in the knowledge that freedom of expressed opinion could be tolerated only to the epoch of a deceased grandfather. Geelong Daily News, The Tra Plant in Tasmania. Amongst the rare and new plants brought from China by the India for Messrs. Brown and Co. are some tea plants, which have been imported at the sur gestion of Mr. McNaughtan with a view to try how far the climate of this Colony is adapted to their favourable growth. We fear, however, that the heat of our summers is not sufficiently fervid for a continuance to mature the plant to perfection, but as the experiment will be made under the care and supervision of Mr. Bong, an experienced and practical horticulturist, with a sound knowledge of botany and the habitues: of plants, it will have a fair chance of success, if the climate is not positively adverse. Caution to Parents It should be a wholesome caution to parents who suffer their children to ramble out unprotected on the Sunday, to apprise them of some of the risks to which their playful progeny are exposed. Yesterday afternoon a number of little children of both sexes, ranging from five to ten or eleven years, were playing about the timber stacks in the vicinity of the Swansea Packet ; one of them an interesting looking girl of about five years of age, was seated on the topofiistackofquartering.whenthosepieces near the edge gave way, and the child fell down with a heap of them upon her. Her logs were considerably bruised, and but for the fortunate observation of the bystanders. she might have remained some hours without being extricated. No i person appeared to be in charge of the child, and it was only upon the information of a child of the same age, that a person present found it possible to return her to her home. EvANor.i.ioAt Uniok.-The monthly service of prayer of the Evangelical Union will be held this evening in Melville-street Chapel, when t> p object of the address will be the "Joyful Sound," GENERAL Post Dence, 23rd July, 1859. List of letters posted this day, either insufficiently stamped or not stamped at all Henry Butler, Esq., care of R. W. Nutt, Esq., Melbourne; Miss Rogers, South Shore, Sydney. Wtsrmntv.-The members of the Church of England in this district have vested the patronage in the Bishop. Examiner. Beith Wahiunt.-The Sheriff has received a warrant for the execution of William Ryan, son vicled at the last Launceston Assizes of robbing John, Brydie. He is to be executed on Tuesday, Slid Augusta-road. 'the Rev. Mr. Binsey. This eminent divine preached a Sermon last evening in the Congregational Chapel, Davey street, in aid of the New School Room lately erected in connexion with that Church. The Rev. gentleman took his text from the 14th chapter of Romans, and 114 17th verse : " For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink ; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost" The edifice was thronged long before the hour appointed, and hundreds were unable to obtain admittance. Mr. Binney was listened to throughout with breathless attention. We did not hear the amount collected, but we believe it was something considerable. Cab Accident. On Saturday evening as a cab was being driven along Elizabeth- street, it came in contact with a truck left in the carriage- way between Liverpool and Ba!hurst-strects,and the concussion was so violent as to break the splinter bar of the larger vehicle. There is a Corporation bye-law prohibiting such abstruse, tions, and had it been observed in this instance, the accident, fortunately a trivial one, would not have happened. SuiiDEx Death Yesterday between one and two o'clock a person named John Turnbull, but better known amongst his associates by the soubriquet of " Jackey Pudding," the owner of a small craft called the Cygnet, and residing at the Sung went with his mate to dine at Mr. Smith's, at Llot d's Hotel. While at dinner the cook called Mr. Smith's attention in him, as he was foaming at the mouth, and Mr. Smith immediately hurried to Dr. Doughty, who was speedily in attendance, but too late to save life as the man was in corpse before he arrived. Dr. Doughty pronounced the cause of death to be apoplexy, and mentioned that had he been on the spot, he could have rendered no aid to the deceased. The remains were removed to the Colonial Hospital to await a Coroner's Inquest. offers Extonshm TSutchcrliiu; Kstal listeners and Pre- mises We have been requested by W. A. Guesdon A Co. to direct attention to the sale of the lease and good will of that olil.estalillslieil and extensive butchering pi clauses in the most central part of Elisabeth street, and now in the occupation of Messrs. Hardy anilI'inU, (as a mere nominal rental,) which will take place on the premises, This Day, at 12 o'clock. At Messrs Brent and Westbrook's weekly sale at their Mart, This Day), a quantity of superior clothing, in, Ao, will be submitted,, commencing at 11 o'clock. 