THE IRISH RELIGIOUS REVIVALS. (From the Saturday Review.): DR. MACKAY, in a popular book--'/ Memoirs Extraordinary: Popular Delusions''-published few years ago, purposely excluded religious m tcrs from his catalogue of epidemic follies. This was certainly omitting the part of Hamlet with vengeance. It was once proposed by Porson to write tho history of human folly in a neat co pendium of five hundred volumes; and the annals of religious madness would go far towards ex haunting at least a solid moiety of the Encyclop dia Moriæ. The special department of t "Anatomy of Melancholy"^by 'which"Burton meant madness-which he styles " Religious Melancholy," might be expanded tenfold, every age of the Church, and in the ages ben; the Church, religion has had a tendency become epidemic ; and it yot remains among t physiological mysteries what is the physical can of popular madness. Undoubtedly the thing catching. An enthusiast, wo suppose, emits sot subtle aura, which falls upon the nerves,] or t gastric plexus, or tho hysteria organs, which s predisposed for receiving or imbibing the poise This is the sort of thing which we are assured the rationale of infection in ordinary physical epidemics, though the doctors fail to give us any very satisfactory account of what tho poison sporules consist of, or what it is which makes the patient peculiarly susceptible of zymotic infections We know no more about the religious than the typhoid poison. Nobody yet has ever explained what generated the preaching madness or the wild frenzy of the Flagellants in the Middle Ages- or what is still more strange, the tendency which exists in all crowds and large assemblies to a upon sympathy quite apart from reason or con viction. . . ' The whole history of religious revivals is but an illustration of the law of sympathy, or rather of what is so called for the want of a better name for no one yet has ever established any law of sympathy. In pagan times, we know that for the space of two hours a whole multitude monoto nously repeated Great is Diana of tho Ephe siahs." This was a religious revival', and in the Dark Ages we read of tho whole mass of society suddenly turned by some wild enthusiast, and leaping at one bound from the depths of sensu ality into the very wildest excesses of religious rapture. Peter tho Hermit thunders through Europe, and robbers leave their eagle nests, and kings their palaces, and every man his business and his senses, to follow in a crusade the wildest of chases. The monstrous guilt of all Christen dom stirs some stern and solitary heart in the fastnesses of the Apennines; and a penitential frenzy spreads throughout Christendom. Every town is alive with the terrible procession of the Flagellants; the scourge is wielded over a mil lion of naked bodies ; and a universal madness cf religion blazes up, flashing with hasty and unpro fitable conversions, soon to sink down into dark ness made thicker and more impalpable by the short-lived glare. The history of revivals is the opprobrium of religion-its opprobrium, because each religious body will consider a revival to be religious. Every church and sect has tried it and it has always failed ; and this simply because a technical revival is never religious at all. If however, we only regard it as what it is-simply a physical contagion—religion has no reason to be ashamed of tho failure of revivals. We know nothing, or next to nothing, of infection and epi demic affections. From the time of Plutarch to that of Mr. John Wesley, and from Mr. J Wesley through all those Scotch revivals which have lately been transferred to America, and which from America have very recently been imported into the north of Ireland, there is a tedious uniformity in the pathology of religious epidemics. It is much tho same whether we read " Lucian De Syria Dea," who describes the fren- zies of tho worshippors whirling themseWes in thc orgies—or whether we hear of tho citizens of Abdera, who with one consent ran mad in reciting verses from Euripides, or of the victims of thc Tarantula-or whether we peruse Mr. Wesley's Journal, or thc accounts in every American book of travels of tho wild fanaticism of a revival in the backwoods. Corybantes, Fakeers, Kilsyth, Revi valists, epileptic nuns, Extaticas, and tho victims of witchcraft—all exhibit the same symptoms. 'Ono knows as well the pathology of tho. revival disenso as that of small-pox. A sermon is preached, or some wild appeal is urged—not very striking, for it is remarkable enough, that, when- ever the language of revival sermons has been taken down they are found to be stupidity itself. The spark is struck ; tho most susceptible tinder —it is always a woman—catches tho fire ; one female falls down in an epüeptic state ; tho convulsive infection spreads ; two or three others begin to 'roar and scream, and so violent are tho throes and frenzies, that very often six persons cannot hold the demoniac Twenty are, in loss than half an hour, in the spasms and wild contor- tions of delirium ; and prayer, cursing, and blas- phemy—tho triumphs of assurance and the wail- ings of reprobation—are heard on all sides. What wonder if such influences take their natural effect ? People go to a revival to be revived they predispose themselves to catch the disease, and they take it. Congregations flocked to tho late Mr. Irving's church to hoar unknown tongues ; and the gibberish was talked. People willed to move tables, and the tables were obedient, and whirled to the volition. A medium attracts, and tho sympathetic receptivity is always forthcoming. As soon as a revival is announced, tho maglc virtue or virus spreads. In every case tho rationale of the thing is' the same. Methodism, Quakerism, Jumpers, Ranters, Extaticas, and Irvingites -East and West—Presbyterians in Scotland and Spiritualists in America—appeal to tho same facts ; and those facts are undeniable, but they prove just nothing at all ; saying as much for the work of the devil as for the work of God. In the Munster fanatics and the Calvinistic revi- vals in St. Theresa and- tho Assassins, we see the same causes producing the same effects. It is a mere accident that a religious result comes of it. Religion has nothing to do with the matter, which is only some morbid state of thc human organisation unnaturally stimulated— it mat- ters not whether by bhang, mesmerism, or a sermon. Tho Irish newspapers give us some details of religious revivals now at work in Coleraine and Balleymena, which only follow in the most exact particulars this accredited type which is coeval with the history of the human mind. It is quite independent of any religious profession, and be- longs as much to Paganism or Mohammedanism as to Christianity. Here are tho details :--" A young woman of prepossessing appearance "-it always begins with these hysterical females—"is suddenly and deeply impressed with convictions of sin." Then we hear of " persons filling an apartment, all of whom are borne from it under tho most ' excruciating agonies—some fainting, some prostrate and moaning heavily, some shud dering in every muscle . . . ejaculating, .. . calling aloud for mercy .. . writh- ing in agony upon the floor . . . . paroxysms of soul and body , suffocating sobs, and appaling cries of horrible despair." This is the Balleymena narrative, while the Coleraine history deals in more supernatural horrors. A sudden flash of light in the sky while prayer was being offered brings everybody to their senses ; groans and cries are heard on every side." The rest, is according to the ' regular formula, with one ' re- markable exception. Tho Coleraine Chronice itself has been placed in typographical difficulties from this particular frenzy. " In one, house,' two compositors in our own office, and another young man of thc newspaper staff, have all beon im firossed, converted, and prostrated ; they have at ength found peace, etc, but we have had a dif- ficulty in getting out the Chronicle." We own that this is now ; but it happened in Ireland. Tho Celtic susceptibility infects , even an editor and his staff. Tho Christian Times has recently announced that they were getting up a revival, and that prayer meetings were held in the printing office'; but the London revival was so' prudently managed that it did not interfere with the punctuality of publication. Not even a solitary printer's devil took to the anxious benches. After, all, the Coleraine Chronicle was, we are glad to find, published ; and sceptics will be found to hint that the suggestion of danger to the regu- larity of that pious journal was only a clever stroke of business to call attention to the fact that there was at least one newspaper staff which had converted men as compositors. The editor him- self vouches for the sincerity of the convictions in his subordinates (though he is silent as to his own share, in this remarkable season of refreshing), and bears his witness to their tears and earnestness,, and touching testimony to the efficacy of "the n w song and peace in believing." If this were all, wc have no objection to com- positors convicted, impressed, prostrate, and singing a now song. The London press, we fear consists of, more pebbly-hearted reprobates. ' If convicted,it is only--though, we are glad to say, j unfrequently- of escapades which bring' them to the police-office, and their new song is generally a popular nigger melody. The epidemic is hardly likely to spread across the Channel ; and it certainly would create a sensation were the Times or the Saturday Review to. find its staff disabled by strong convictions of this kind. Sins enough we have to lay us prostrate, but if they ever come upon us it is not in this edifying form.. We have, however, no- objection to revivals while confined to the instánces of London com- positors attached to tho newspaper press. Tho editors and writors of tho Morning Advertiser have so long given themselves to theo- logical speculations, that if a revival is to occur, we prophecy that' the first outbreak will be in Fleet-street. As soon as it reaches our jown staff, we promise that tho public shall have tho earliest intelligence of a fact so'interesting to literature as that the newspaper press is "under convictions," But we deprecate, in the interests of human nature, the introduction of revivals into schools. Tho Irish newspaper tells us that "¿he 'hildren attending the schools established and sus tâinëd'by the' Irish Society'-to whose attention we commit the fact--"and taught by a young man who had found peace," etc., were each and all ''simultaneously prostrated." We Have less objection to revivals among those who have come to the years of adult indiscretion ; but we think the police should interfere with the case of ''young children crying for mercy and if not in their case, in that of the teacher who has found peace and joy, an experiment should be tried which, tho old books tell us has been found very efficacious. "Bartholomea, a servant maid," says Wierus, "as soon as a certain hymn was sung in the ver- nacular, became immediately ecstatic, and roared and shrieked in a terrible way. When the same hymn was sung in Latin, she was not affected. Her mistress, a prudent matron, resolved to cure her if she would come to her chamber. Tho mistress repeated the hymn in German ; the maid was thrown violently on tho ground in strong convulsions and most desperate phrenetic ravings." The mistress, with her daughter's aid, administered a domestic medicine which in Eton is given at tho flogging-block. " Tho maid," continues tho narrators, " was perfectly cured, and ever afterwards heard tho hymn with entire - composure." A course of gentle discipline of this sort might perhaps bring over the compo- sitors of the Coleraine Chronicle to some new convictions : and, by way of counter- irritation the spiritual fever might be reduced by materia, stimulants. At any rate, the language and re- commendations of the Lancet on this melancholy subject are not without value ; for we regret to find that the epidemic is spreading, and that some Scotch Presbyterian divines propose to import it into Scotland. Our contemporary says :— " Tho accounts given by on eye-witness of the Irish 'revivals' in Belfast present vivid pictures of epidemic disease such as no instructed physi- cian can fail to recognise. . . . In one factory five cases occurred amongst the young women in the course of two or three hours. Some were thoroughly prostrated and speechless, tho nervous . system completely relaxed ; others in a state of tho highest fury and convulsion, struggling violently, shouting and screaming, and wildly tossing about their arms. Those are tho symp- toms of violent hysteria. . . . Free and pitiless drenching with cold water, and separation of those ' taken,' would quickly reduce tho re- vival. All means, however, are employed by tho organisers of the agitation to increase its violence. Thc blasphemous ravings, which are based upon tho heated imaginations of these half-mad girls, are quoted and recited, demeanour are favoured as the special evidences of peculiar inspiration. We omit all mention of the insane and indecent follies which are held to be ' indicia' of conversion ; but they are such as evidence a temporary unsettling of tho reason amongst tho duped, and a high degree of rascality amongst tho knaves who encourage the evil 