GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. PEDESTRIANISM - The " walking man,'' Allan McKean, who has been steadily pursuing his task of walking 1000 miles in 1000 hours will complete the performance to-night, if all goes well. We understand that McKean will be a considerable loser by the affair, not having realized -ufficientto to defray his expenses. IlfQUE-TS to be Uej,d.-An inquest will bo hold to-morrow "^ 2 o'clock befnie A. II. Jones Esq. Coroner, at the Canteen, Milita 'j' Burriicks, to enquire iuto the deutU of Tliouins Hurt, a j corporal of tim 40th regiment, who dropped 'down dead on Friday Inst, nnd another inquest nil! be held at Mr. Cbntloy's the Gordon Castle at 11 o'clo'ck on Wednesday morning, touching the dentil of a boy mimed Francis lim rows, » bo ilio I yc-terday morning in the general li' spital, iftcr lingning foiiio weeks from tho effict ot injurie-, infl cted hy a m.m named SInuglitir, who is in casto ly fir the offline and has been Beveriil limes remanded nt the 1'ulico Office. GrsriiAL Posi Omer.-Lcltirs ported 01 Siittiidjy I util August in->i flic ently stimpeil Míes Snrnli MRrncy, Bl isbanc street ; Mr. Alfi ed Wc-ire, I iicrpool-stteet ; Messrs Doughs nnd Dawes, Solicitors, Launceston ; Mr. B. l'nscoe, Noi manvillc, Adelaide ; Mr. Wai. Fisher, Sundy Kay; Mi. David Bobcrteoi, at Mr. Stuntt's River Mersey ; J. Snowball Es-],, Melbourne. Cbicket on the (*oib Coast.-On tho 19th ulfc , w li'e some member» of tho Cnpo Coast Cricket Club nero practising on tho parndo giound, Otoo, Km<r of Abruh, happened to pass by, accompanied by a numerous t ain of followers One of the cricketers invited the King ti rome n> d look on at the game. Ho did so, nnd «ns evidently much pleised and amused. Presently liU highness wns persuaded to take a lint and try his hand, and when tho ball was sent nt his wicket, he hit a tremendous blow at it, which, however, so far from biing well aimed, missed tho bill and struck one of his attend nits (v ho had nppi cached rather too .lose) a blow on ti o hind nlmoät sufficient to have slain an ox, but which did not appear to lmvo nt all déconcertai the individu ii in question. Otoo is n mau of gigantic size, so i hat it is n wonder his attendant did not yield up the ghost on tho spot.- West African Herald. Codhtly Etiquette -When the Queeu was on a visit to ihe Uoval Family of France at .Kit, the Queen of Belgium bad been told that her Majesty of England took every morning at ten o'clock a glass of iced water. Accordingly the day afier lier arrival, n servant duly ninde his appear nee nt the appointed hour, bearing ou a liver salver a carafe and two glasses, which he tendered to ,the ^Sovereign, who decliued the iifrefhmcnt willi "ii wave of the hand.* The Bi-1-.Un Queen, seeing thi», whispered to her son who wns present, to pour out n glass of water, and offer it to the Queen ; this biiug done, ii was graciously accepted, the fact being that e ¡queue would not allow her Majesty io pour out the water for herself when a sériant was lu the ,room. S'-, too, when the Queen, Louis Philhppe, and the Duke of Wellington, poid a vi'it lo Eion upou the vhiiois' book being presented to them, tua King of the French »umewlnit ttiigalHinly took up hi pen undi igneJ his name atJthe top of the pa^e. Eiii|.uet(e would not permit the Queen to sign her nan!« under any other ; she therefore turned over the nil but blank leaf, and «role lier lame on the top of the nc-it one, and then handed the pen io the Duke, who, by the bjc, was t-o excited-> frnoy the Duke of Wellington being excited I-, at the houor dune to bim, that ho actually, spelt his name " Wrggmgion ! " 'the Queen now,,, ss formeily, may not spenk toa tradesman. We} ottrselies have seen her standing not a jnrd from one, addressing all her inquines to au equerry, who repeated them to a tradesman, B-jam re. pealing to her Majesty all his answers.-Baiken' Joui nal. ¡¡ t * * As Ameiuoat* Jt/dge.-A young Judge, newly appointed to an inferior com t, having badu cutpurso befoto him, was told that tho criminal should bo condemned to'loso an car. Ho nccoidingly drew up tho seutenco himself, and next Court day proceeded to read it : " Wo have condemned, aud heieby do condemn, tho said criminal to linvo his ear cut off." " W hich car ?" asked tim prisoner, sharply. Tho judge, taken by surpi isa, roplicd, touching one of his own cars, " Why,this one."" Very well, very good," slid tho ciiroinnl,*'1 shall not nppenl: and what is more, I will cut it off myself if yon like !" ' ' < The Ejukeob op inE FitEX-orr.-Messrs. Richmond and Chandler, agricultural implement makers, Manchester and Liverpool, nie com- manded by his Imperial Majesty the Emperor ot Franco to supply, through Colonel /frotter, their improved machine for tho preparation of horso food. In connection with this sup- plemental, machinery, an ingenious invention li s just been adopted by the French Minister cf i War for tho better folding of cavahy horses when on mai eli. M.Nnudiii, veterinary surgeon of tiic Imperial Guard, has succeeded in coin pressing tho food for the journey into small tablets, Uko thoso nliealy in use composed of vegotublo loodfor tho army. M Naudin has given publicity to his procès», and it U destined,, u> doubt, lo render immense sen ico to the comrrtissitr'mt depirtment in every 'countiy. 1 ho hay and straw aro chopped fine, the oats and corn ciushed, and then mixed in pro- portion lo the nuliitivo qualities afforded by each. Upou the mixturo is poured u muci'nginous rci-iduo of linseed, and the whole is pressed mid como-, cut in a hard cuke. This methol of picserving fodder may bo found valuablo in reducincr tho sp ice, occupied in transit.- Ormsktrk Advertiser. A Liihe Fahce at a Kailwax Station. -Lady : .> I want one ticl ot-firot ! "-Clerk : ' Single!"-Ltdy :" Single!, What does it matter to you, sir, whether I'm single or not ? Impeltmenco!" (Cleik explains that ho meant single or return, not t'other thing.)-Pundi. AtDEiisnoTT -Tho men nt Aldo shott aro not allowed to ru»t for want of uso. In ad lition to the prnolicoot living under ennvns, which, nlthough very good as lur as it, goes, docs not ncou«tom troips to tho vicissitudes ol'n tnnreh. Another practice bus recently been introduced of ocen-ionn !j semlingde'ttelimontsto Woolmar so tint they aro obliged to camp two or three times, to choose theil- ground, nnd so furtb. Tims the second biigáde, under Major Gen(;ra| tho Hon A. Sjpi-ncer, consisting of the 4th Battalion 60th Hides, tho 9th Begimeut, tho 2d Ilnttnlii n of tho lltb, n squndi on of the Bth Dragoon G ninds, nn I n troop of Horse Artil cry, left «imp on the 4th iiisr, ) All nero inful mai ching oi der, nnd equipped exactly as if going on actual Bomen ngainst nn onemy. Tho ti oops encamped tljrq«? or four times in tho course ot their match, hnvo to kill their own meat and bake their own bl ead,, Th's soit of exercise íb most admirable. J Desaix's Sword.-In 1810, when tho effects of tho gallant Desni-c viere so|d in Pin is, an Eastern s-ibre, which, it is siid, he lind on when killed nt tho ' bnttle ot Marengo, wis pin chased by an'old' English cavahy officer who wns then slayirg nt Taris. Tit!» sword when it caine into tho possession of his son, Colonel D-,of ilio Gunids, was presented by him to tho present I'uipororoftho l'Vnoh when nominated Picsidcpt. It is a beautiful Damascus bindo, in n i ichly chased scabbaul. As the Empeioi'ä ptcdiloctionfor all things connected with tho celebrated epoch of Ins unció*,) life lins long been o-ccraphficd, it U not improbable ho hn3 taken this relic ot bygono glory with him to Itnly. Stuuigo if, after such n lnp-o of j ears, tho swoid ot Dcsds should aeain bo drtwn on tho inomoiablo field of Marengo, by so distinguished a hand ns that of Napoleon III.-Court Journal, e&\- SrEAian Oberon- On Tiiosdnj nott tho 15th instant, th ,t fist, iirst cliiUmibitiinlml lion built eclotv Btcnmei Oheim, will lio sold l,j public auction nt Ilio 1 innklin 1\ linrf, lij W A Guoädon & C i. 'Ilio Olerou uns built nt Dumbarton of tho ticstinntcilnis, sicruns foal nuil consjiiioi n ver> Bunill quuntiiy of emit, is of lnr-o carrjinp; cijmcity nrnl of leiiinrkiili'p ll".|it draught of «ntci, U in llrst-iato order mid abundantly found In stores, tncklomil other furniuiro Sim onn bo vlouol «hero uho His nt tito wlinif aiij Um- previous to tho solo ¿OST- rnlGtitl'e,» îlaeiui'ia-Wo wimlil remind tho trido Omi thisiiioniing, ntl "fjrlinlf past IV A Ones doll nil I Co ujlluo'l thoenrgoof reih, cliolio ci|ltle, ox " ".t i quin lo," liiiidod, » o understand, in fine condition, to i.liich l opnulctiluhuqu st tittcntlon i'ÍCi*' MpFsia Ilient & Wislbipjk« weekly silo kikci pliico t daj at ilio Mnrt, when n largo assortment of mel elm idLe Mill bo submitted 