AN IRISHMAN'S ESTIMATE OF THE MINISTRY. TO THE EIJITOIl OP Tlln IRK. Sih, — Will you permit me through the me dium of your excellent journal to say a word or two on tho subjoct of the Murray District elec tion 1 Liko many othors I took a lively inte rest in tho issue of tho above contest — an affair, if taken by itself, insignificant enough, but taken in its bearings and results, of tho most vital importance. Nicholson's return I regard with unalloyed saiisiaction ;— in tact 1 rogam it as a good omen of the general result of tho approaching struggle. As tho Scottish army at Bannockburn took courage when they beheld tho fierce De Bouno struck dowii beneath tho arm of Robert the Bruce, so now may tho friends of fair play, political honesty, and good Government, take heart at tho overthrow of the Ministerial candidate for tho Murray District. Though I believe tho political crued of tho latter is moro in accor danco with my own, than that of his suucossful rival, still I rejoice, and why, I shall presently explain. Fow, even of those officially interested, hailed with more delight than myself tho overthrow of tho Haines Ministry, and the accession of O'Sha nussy and Co. to powor. The storm of agitation at ouco subsided on the gold-fields, and oil whs scattered on the troubled waters at large throughout tho colony. We counted the Reform Bill safe. Wo looked for reduction and re trenchment in the public expenditure ; and wo folt confident that such judicious measures would bo introduced in the Department of Land and Works as would oll'eotually chock the spoliation and jobbery which wo believed were carried on under the former Administration. Have our fond hopoB or our reasonable expectations been roa ised ? Alas, no ! Those men went into power on our ahouldeni, and no sooner wero they in, than thoy packed tho cards and fell to playing their own game. Honest and efficient employ lea were required for tho public nervico ; but Duffy had u lot of noedy friends and ndheronls, botn here and at home, and what signified a trifling deficiency in tho line of qualification, ho ns thoso were provided for I A country clown with a letter of recommendation from a suditioun Catholic priest, f possesses a talisman moro potent for unlocking tho Trea sury safe than the most perfect knowledge of his business could give, though backed by cha racter and ability. Let any first-rato man apply for a billot on the railway, in tho customs, m the. police, or in the stockades, ho in immediately told ' thero in no vacancy, and if th«rc wero, thero are hundreds of applications beforo ' him.' Yet, directly that a man comes with an order from Air O'Shanassy or Mr Duffy, an opening i« at once found. I am no disappointed applicant. I never applied, here or elsewhere, to any government for a billet, but from several of my friends and acquaintances 1 have learned tho routine. I have also seen it with my own oyes. Loum Napoleon surrounds himself with a socret polico ofCorsicans, and' the Victorian duumviri fill the Government offices with religious adherents from the Emerald Isle. Is this the fidelity and even-handed justioo with whicli ' the people's Ministry' discharge the trust confided to them by the people ?. What is the retrenchment that lias been ef fected by this reforming Ministry I . It does nob anywhero appear. On the contrary, the high salaries, and tho lavish expenditure which tho country complained of under tho regime of Alichio and Fellows, has been much improved upon. Several new ' berths' being created for the convenience of their clansmen. Tho unemployed cried aloud for remunera tive employment, but Ministers were too busy in looking after their own wants, and strengthen ing the foundations of their dynasty. Had Messrs Duffy and Horno and Big John dono justice to the unemployed, then we- might havo believed their protestations of sympathy with the people. »i\That about the Reform Bill I Was there a stand made to pass it in its integrity .1 O ! simple minded diggers, these aro tho mon you depended on ! You put ont one bad lot only to get a worse, who are determined to cling to office, cost what it may to tlio country. Did we hope that the people's land would be carefully shepherded till such time as a new land bill would enable them to take possession of their claims ? Vain and futile hope I The man with the dangerous backbono and seditious spinal marrow, proved moro than a match for us ; and lias plied tbo hammer with even ton times the zeal of a David Moore. Tho latter beat us with whips, but his successor has enforced the maxim of the won of Solomon, and scourged us with scorpions. Tho tribes aro ready for revolt. The Grand Vizier John, will not, however, givo up the ghost without a strug gle. Ho has entrenched his position in a for midable manner ; and, moreover, the Tribo of Judah is faithful and devoted to a man. He will also bring in his Land Bill, based on Convention princi ples, and thereby endeavor to obliterate his shameful favoritism in tho dispensing of patron age, and other misdeods. But it will not do. A foul and shameless attempt has been made to corrupt tho Constitution. The Treasury has beon convoited into a den of thieves. Tho throne of justice has been invaded, and carried by storm by a host of ragamuffin magistrates, among whom good men were the exception, and bad men tho general rule. John, let mo inform you, you havo done moro harm than appears on the surface. It is not your fault if the fiend of religious discord is not evoked, and enthroned on the virgin soil of Victoria. You have not hesitated to invoke tho aid of your church, and to league with you tho wholo Catholic population for carrying out your religious and political objects. We will not have free selection at your hands, if we must needs have yourself along witli it. Sooner would I look for fair play at tho hands of the rankest squatter in tho colony than look for it at tho hands of the Celtic Duumviri, and tho parasite crawlers that cling to them in office. A great pity it is that Harker did not abandon the con spiracy in time. Ho might have headed a liberal Cabinet that would have triumphantly carried tho ship of state through tho difficulties of the land question, whereas now wo must look to Nicholson. And before concluding lot mo givo tho latter a bit of advice. If ho wish to save the country, it will not be enough to shake off tho O'Shana&sr; clique on tho ono side ; he must also shako off tho squatter and land nhark on tho other. The country and ? tho Con vention aro in a position to demand Free Seloc tion, and the abolition of the auction system, and nothing elso will go down. It is to bo hoped Afr Nicholson will not ibo blind to tho signs of tho time. Beforo concluding this lotter, let me observe that I have no personal or religious dislike to either Mr Dufly or Air O'Shanassy — they have a capacity for government, hut I should liko to soo them hold a subordinate place as Ministers, for neither of them, owing to disposition, cha racter, and tho political uso thoy niako of their religion, is fit to be at the head of a Government in a froe . country. JJuj; John must no ikm — lord and master — whilo Me Duffy considers it a bounden duty to strengthen and subserve the interests of popery by every moans at his disposal when he gets tha chance. I would sign this with my name but for cer tain reasons. I set. somo value upon private friendship ; and am fortunate enough to count some Roman Catholics upon the list of my most valued friends ; and as I do not liko for the sake of coming out strong against a public servant (evil-door though ho be) to alienate a friend, I thereforo do not wish my namo to appear. Apologising for trespassing on your space, I remain, Sir, your ohediont servant, AN IRISHMAN. Melbourne, January 23, 1859. [We take this mode of conveying to our cor« respondent our opinion that his communication would havo been very much enhanced in value if he had allowod his name to appear. His reason for not doing so is a severe sarcasm upon tho libiralily of his friends.— Ed. ^.1 ATTBMrmp Suicide. — A desporate case of nt tomptod suicide occurred at B^tesford ou SatunUy. last. An unfortunate man named Gcorgo Pratt, who had been for sorna months ailing from thu effects of ft broken l*g, was disaovored to have made an attempt on his own life, Cwt by strangulation, and afterwards by bleeding. The oircumstnnccs of the case wero those : Oa Saturday last Pratt's wife, who had gone out to fetch somes waBhing, found on hor return homo that tho door had beon fastened during hor absenco, and that blood was visible, ns having flowed through to tho outor doorstep from inside the house. She at onco alarmed tho neighbors, and f hortly afterwards tho polico arrived, and the door was burst open. It was then found that tho unfor tunato man hx\ mado incisions in hia arms, and was very weak through losa of blood. Ho also oonfessod that prior to adopting that attempted form of death, ho had attempted to oorainit suicide by hanging him Bo!f. Ho stated at the same tiruo that ho was Buf fering from the effects of au injury he bad recently eustainod from a broken leg, and that he wished to destroy hims.'lf. Tho police took him into safo keoping, and brought him before the beach, and he now otands remanded for mediaal treatment and report. — Qeelong Daily News. Tub American Aloe.— Victoria appears ? to ba peculiarly adapted to the growth of tho American Aloe plant, as scarcely a season passes without or.o of theso plants being in flower either in Welbonrno or Oeolong. At Kardiuia, the residence of Alexander Thomson, Eiq., M.L.A., thero ia au Aloa nearly In flower. Although the oorjllas arc not jst expanded the base of the stem measures sixteen inches and of a proportionate height. One very rouiarkulde feature in this plant is that a numbor of tho smaller offaels issuing from the roots, are also furnishod with «pik-s of blossoms. _ The nbovo blooms but onoe, and this development is always accompanied bv tho death of he plant.— Qtthng Adverther. 