grief Sergeant Dag taurin'. SATaaoAT, jazz 3D, isca. THE British Parliament have a few stock subjects to discuss, which make their appearance as regularly as swallows do in the old land in spring The Church in her marriage interdicts says, " a man may not marry his grandmother," which is a consummation of the marriage state to which, it will be considered, there need not have been any fear of persons aspir- ing. The same interdict also bears unions with deceased wives' sisters and this is a point so fanatical, secretes!, and scrip turally argumentative, that lawyer?, hol diers, tailors, those who swear by cotton, and those whose circlet is " the upper ten thousand," came out every year very strong in commentations upon the two ass booked the Pentateuch. TRUSTS a blessing to reflect that the legislators of our young colony will not be troubled with the question if a man may marry the sister of his deceased wife. Circumstances have decided with the people of to-day, on a continent of yesterday, what teeming and science and theology of the two Houses of Parliament cannot set- tle. Thus one of the year by ghosts of British legislation will not visit us. Stock subject No. 2, coached by Mr. BERKELEY, is the Ballot and those ous who have been in the habit of reading the speeches thereupon, and have also seen the working of the system in the last election in New South Wales, will be satisfied that for us the Ballot is a settled question. Manhood suffrage every now and then comes to the surface at home; and will be one of those points for new colony can be considered liberal in its provisions for freedom, that does not give to every man the right of a share in making those laws by which he is to be governed. The grant of £30,000 a-year to Maynooth is another stock grievance ; the consideration of which may help us to avoid the bone of contention which is the basis of the yearly quarrel. Liberally interpreted, the grant to Maynooth may be called a miserable attempt at satisfaction for appropriation of revenue to which the Protestant Church had no right, save that gained by the sword. So long as the state of the mother country takes much care for the Protestant Church, she cannot in justice refuse a share to that section from which she took the spiritual power she holds. This stale subject of orne legislation will have taught us wisdom, if we can gain by experience. If the State had left each body of Christians to provide for themselves, the equality would soon have tested their virtue, and the people have decided what form of faith should be the popular one. With- out any religious prejudices ourselves we are very fearful, nevertheless, of the money power in State matters; and if our fellow-colonists wish to live in peace with each other; and let the palm be to those who deserve it, they will take care that the Parliament of Queensland do not interfere with religious liberties, by grant- ing State aid to any denomination. In this matter we may, if we please have a fair start. While every privilege that a free people can enjoy is accorded, so that there may be no religious misunderstand- ings, of all discord the most bitter, we trust the people will well remember the injustice of religious State grants. SYStems Of Iflrllinnlion fo troll uuJw stood in England, and practised to high pressure in the cramming points, the fallacies of which are laid bare in an article we have extracted from the Lancet. This duty incumbent on the legislators of our colony will be to provide a liberal education for every child whose parents choose to avail themselves of the means afforded. It might, perchance, appear to some to savour too much of tyranny to force parents to send their children to school, as is done at Wurtemberg, where the Government. viewing itself in the light of the fathers of the people, take care that the children shall not suffer in an educational sense from neglect the part of the parents. To provide liberally for the education of the youth of Queensland will be amongst the first of the duties of our legislators, and the provision should be so liberal that the sons of all our residents may have opened for them the path for college honors in a liberal national system, divested of that Marsh which has so injured the training of children in the past. It would be impolitic at present to touch upon the more intricate legislation which will be required, comprising " A Land Bill," the raising of revenue, simplification of the law, road-making, and a variety of other natives, all of which' are in themselves, subjects for future consideration. In pointing attention to the morn of our home as a colony, we Call upon every one to well weigh the perils and responsibilities of false actions. The simpler our proceedings the butter. It will not be to the advantage of the State that great attempts should be made at dignity. The show and tinsel of appearance are distasteful to the patriot, and if we wish to leave our children in possession of a glorious freedom in R young estate in this continental island, which has already its buds of promise, we shall watch carefully and battle nobly for that simplicity compatible with true dignity and solid prosperity. Numbers of old politicians will scan these remarks, and these know that political strife will for a time run high. It is natural for politicians to disagree, but we wish the people to discriminate, and not place too much faith in prevents us. The war between the towns and the country may be strong, and there will, there is no doubt, be a long pull and a strong pull on the part of the squatters to possess themselves of the reins of power. In dealing with the squatters we shall have to remember that there are amongst them good and educated men, with the right to govern if they can. While good Government demands that all classes shall be properly represented, the exigencies of the period may jeopardise the free development of the country, unless there be careful watching and working to pro rent circumveutiou'by shrewd and calculating designers. into the peoples' hund- is the destiny of the colony committed, and with a liberal franchise, it will be their own fault if they suffer from any rulers the infliction of those restrictions which retard the growth of a colonial people. FROM the Geelong Advertiser we copy the following s notice of Missionary labors amongst the aboriginals on the Lower Murray : " The Rev. Mr. Chase has published in the Melbourne Press, a letter received from Mr. Goodman, senior missionary to the Aborigines, who writes from the Church Mission Station, at Yelta, Lower Murray, under date of the 30th April. The letter complains of a want of stores, and states that the natives, who have been in the habit of working on the station in return for quarter amid clotHing, and instruction, were falling off in their attendance, owing to the failure in the supplies. At the close of the year 1857, the Government sent to the station a large quantity of stores for the sole use of the aborigines and attracted hythe distribution of these, a large number of natives have since then been laboring on the station. Latterly the Government have signified to the committee of the mission that it will be impossible to grant any more stores out of the sum voted by Parliament for the use of the aborigines. Those who are aware how difficult it must be to do what has already been accomplished at Yelta, will sympathise with Mr. Chase in his desire not to let the work fall through after being so well begun. "There is a tendency with many to under v VI Lim UULTISUIIL'SS' generally displayed by individuals of the native race when addressed on subjects connected with morality and religion. Certainly it cannot but be admitted that the results detailed in reports of committees employed in that behalf contrast almost ludicrously with the expectations indulged in at the first foundation of any such enterprises. But the same thing may be said of almost all similar efforts. In the city as well as in the bush the missionary's hopes are always in excess of his achievements. There is therefore no reason why the attempt to enlighten and civilise the aborigines of Australia should be relinquished on the score of the paucity of the results as yet attained. " There are many reasons why it is exceedingly desirable that the work should proceed. If only for the sake of the assistance which christianised and civilised nations may render to the cause of Australian exploration, it would be well worth much labor to secure such a co-operation. To the ethnologist and and the philanthropist the subject has features of interest which are sufficiently obvious. Education (we use the word in its most extensive meaning) alone can preserve the aborigines from utter annihilation by the European and Asiatic races which now divide with them the occupation of the Australian continent. To the majority, however, the politico-economical aspect of the business will most commend itself; and in view of the prospective advantages to be derived from its prosecution, it appears to be the bounden duty of the colonists not to allow the position already gained to be lost for want of a little well-timed support." 