ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. HOT GROG AND COLD TEA. (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.) Sir,—There is an old saying—“That when things are at their worst they must mend.” Sorry comfort though it may be to the aﬄicted or oppressed; yet, for want of better, it must do. I, being somewhat of a suﬀerer, hope that the climax has now come. I refer to that incubus that has grown, and been indeed fostered, on Bendigo—i.e. grog selling; I do not mean illicit trade, for illicit has been erased from the dictionaries of the magistrates of this district, but open unmistakeably free trade in spirituous liquors, against the Act in that case, &c.; ’Tis strange, passing strange, that in nearly all the cases of grog‐selling that have been brought before our Bench that it is almost impossible to obtain a conviction, although every care has been taken in getting them up, yet they are sure to fall through. Rogues employed ﬁrst, lags next, until it is almost enough to induce the belief that there is a collusion somewhere. This much I know, of my own knowledge, that a strange and unaccountable sympathy does exist between the Bench and the “unlicensed publicans.” I may on some future day go to show the cause of such sympathy, tracing the origin, rise, and progress of the sympathetic feeling for the last six years. (Libel apart)—Can you, Mr, Editor, or your readers, imagine anything more absurd than the granting indiscriminately refreshment licenses to whoever pleases to apply for them, without check or necessary inquiry. This is indeed a very thirsty district when, as in Bridge- street and Mundv street, High-street, &c.;, its every other house is a refreshment*' place. Poor thirsty souls, how I pity ye ! They do these things better in Melbourne; why or how I know not, but since the raid in Canvas Town there has been no lively grog selling there since. Conceive the idea of walking down some of our principal metropolitan streets and seeing such as " Genuine refreshments sold here," "Established for the sale of genuine refresh ments," " Murphy's ale," next, or near, to the licensed houses ; while at the door you see a very doubtful young lady, propping the door post, and inside a squad of drunken men and unsexed women. Think you the Melbournites would have that ? No. Then why should we ; are we not as respectable a body as they? I have heard our chief magistrate speak of those places as sinks of iniquity, where vice and immo ralily of every kind exists,-designate them as the pests of this district. When I hear the most active officer on Bendigo say that those places cause them ten times more trouble than all the licensed houses put together, it excites my wonder that they should not only be tolerated, encouraged, but patronized by those whose duty it is to put them down, Mr. Editor, have you any idea of the " value of respectability'' on this Bendigo of ours? If you are in possession of the "market price," perhaps you will insert it in your labor list. This is a long prelude; I hope you 'will excuse it. I will now come to the subject matter. All will see in the Advertiser, that Mary Ann Smith, of Jackass Flat, was charged by Sergeant Richards, at Eaglehawk, with grog selling, this day, March 7th. The constable, who was sent by his officer to do this dirty work, deposed that he went into defendant's tent at 9 o'clock p.m., when he saw the fair Anne playing cards with three men, and her fair "comrade in arms," Mrs. Hassell, doing the same with another on a form. Fair Anne was flanked by a square Hollands bottle. Constable asked to be supplied with some beer. Fair Anne had none ; asked him if brandy would do. Yes, said he. Anne poured him out a nobbler, which she gave him in a tumbler into his hand. Into her palm he placed a shilling; she returned him six pence into his palm (see depositions). He asked for water; she had none. She asked him if cold tea would do to mix with; he consented, She mixed it with cold tea. He after paid for two nobblers of the same novel mixture-all out of the square bottle-for which he paid and drank, when who should appear on the scene like Ban quo's Ghost-but Sergeant Richards, who seized the bottle, tasted it, and pronounced it brandy. Richards laid an information ; the case was heard, when Mr. Lysaght, who appeared for fair Anne, with his usual acumen, contended that she (the fair Anne) did not sell the brandy but the tea, and that she had a perfect right to charge for that innocent infusion. Our great dispenser of law shook his head gravely-seriously ; looked at our beatified, or rather brandyfied Annie, and Solon like-said that the " case would not hold water," so he dismissed it; but said-" That if Anne had held a refreshment license he should have dis missed the case on account of the tea." Hurrah, shout you unlicensed publicans ; shout and rejoice. Our Police Magistrate recognises the sale of cognac, if you add a little bohea. To your tea-pots, oh ! grog vendors; seek safety in the herb, and let your watchword be-cold tea. Mr. Editor, the above case is but a sample of hundreds. I am sickened with such glaring injustices to a respectable class of men as the publicans of this district. I would recommend the whole body to decline paying any further tax, without a protection is afforded them. Were they unanimous in this, the state of things would be altered. Yours, Mr. Editor, very truly, A LICENSED PUBLICAN. 7th March, 1859. 