PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. The Assembly of the Presbyterian Church me' 1 again yesterday, in the Rev. Mr. Hetherington's Church, in Collins-street; the newly-elected Moderator, the Rev. D. Cairns, presiding. The morning was chiefly occupied in devotional cm cifeB, with an address: from the Rev. Dr, Turnbull, of Tasmania. SABBATH DESECRATION. When the Assembly met in the evening, after ' The minutes of the preceding meeting had been lend, a lengthened discussion on the Sabbath! .' question took place, in which a number of the ' leading members of the Assembly took part, i amongst others, the Rev. Messrs. Sutherland, On four, Nish, Miller, Clarke. Love, &e;, At tho close of the discussion the following resolution was proposed by the Rev. Mr. Moore, and carried unanimously : 1 " The Assembly has heard with much satisfaction and thankfulness that the great evil of Sabbath desecration, in some of its forms, has been much abated by the Christian efforts that have been made in the cause of late years; butitsttli i egrets and grieves to find that the holy day into such an awful extent violated. The Assembly, therefore, recommends its different ministers to bring this subject before their respective needs, and appoints the following Committee to consider the best way of bringing the influence of an i burch to bear upon the different forms of evil that exist in the colony, viz. The Moderator, and the Rev. Messrs. Campbell, John Ballantyne, Divorty,- Clarke, Charles Moir, and Mr. James ( Balfour; the Rev. Mr. Campbell to be con- j vener." I REVIVALS. The subject of the revivals that latterly tal I been taking place in various parts of Great Britain and Ireland, as well as in the united Bates, was next brought under the notice of the Assembly. Several of the clergymen present, including; ma Rev. Messrs. Campbell, Kelso, Craig, Mcgaw, ' love; we., alluded to the accounts that and were received from home with reference to these re- vivals, and spoke at considerable length on we blessings and work of regeneration that we revivals evidenced. Great hopewasexprtwdtliat similar results Lightsome in this colony, though some diversity of opinion was forces to whether any steps should be taken to produce revivals in this colony, or whether it should be left to the religious to stir in the matter of themselves. After a very full discussion had taken place, v. following motion was agreed to :- ' . . ' "This Assembly desires to give expresses its grateful sense of the Lord's great Jowff kindness and mercy in visiting with His retires 5ng presence so many of the Churches in Arras and Europe; and it' recommends the staff under its superintendence to bring. BENJ Set all competent ways before the minds dates people is to encourage and promote,»P«TITC for the same Divine influence herne VT%Tt upon this Church, and all the Churches of W in this land, and especially in their own puT Biiiiisfcrntions to direct the sessions the people to the work of the Holy Ghost in the rp plication of redemption." "loans THE TERCENTENARY OF THE MEW; a motion was brought forward 'to ss"J Mr Sutherland, of Casterton, w*J*Ä in the propriety of soridmg'hqmo a df'XX tic Presbyterian Church in Victoria to stand ' tercentenary commemoration of t"°,l?r"i tion to be observed in Edinburgh next year whilst this subject was "under dlscuMW". ^ . Rev. Mr. Campbell took'oMMon W .wjg, that he should like to know if less not be done towards spreading the eggs more amongst their Roman Catholic He said that he could state I and in a quiet way some years ago h forest had proved very successful ; . but it would beybo to say what he wished privately and one of the decision on the Rev. Mr. But, the proposal was deferred until this day, was" assembly will meet at 10 o'clock a.m. STRUCK by LiouTHTOO.-We¡have boats; filmed, but cannot vouch for absence woman was on Saturday struck by lightly " 'Tarrengower. The N"nesrcceircd««»}. A be very serious, but we trust staff" ' uiuct.~r«m«pow«r Time, Wyman 