DISGRACEFUL OUTRAGE AT DAYLES- FORD.- -TARRING AND FEATHER- ING A REPORTER. It is not long since we published the case bf Gostick, who was com- i~iitted ai"l-avlesford on oa mast' im-i SrobabieC:bha~ge of horse, stealing; the case of Fullerton and Co,.threw some additional light on the way in which eh'ey'manage 'thingsat Daylesford; we have now :to report another illustra tion of society .there, more disgraceful in its features,- and :more .disreputable io:the parties concerned, thain either of its predecessors. .--- e give the facts as they are narrated by an intelligent nd "rcliible" correspondent, anrid in a . 1day er l two lih lf probably be able. to Daylesford, Monday, 14th Feb. This twfi has been thrown into the ;greatest state of excitenment by the .perpetration of a dastardly and.co:?;arl 'l act. Mr. Montgomery, an int*'li gent and respectabl6 man, who follows a the professioi, bf a.miningiageiit," iihd who by his conniection with the presa' has assisted-in- exposing some of-the' errors committed up here, was on Wednesday'l Est, .'in mid-day, enticedl into the most stirring and public pirt of the township, and seized by seven persons-one of whom is the-pound keeper, and another,. Mr. HIIarvey. one ?:the clerks in Mr. Doveon'istlhelri ''iidiary magistrate's office,--his (e it and pantaloons were: stripped from him.,his .anrmna tied with, a roqpe;, and the deliberately tarred and feathered, and his person in a naked state.ex posed to public: view. M•r. MLntgomery on the foil 0,ing day applied to M. Dbvotleton the.: sti pendiary magistrate,: for warrants !:to apprehend the parties who heal coir niit;ted this outrageoius' ad inidelent aissault upon hiim, vich lhe refused granting him, alleging that ..he should previoudnsly require the certificate of a medical man, thait his life wa'a endahn gered by it.' In cdnseqience.of jthiis ,extraordinary.refusdal Mr. Montgomery :, sought the' ,professional aid. of: Mr. Pearson Thompson, of Castlemain, and that gentleman onxi .ednesd?ay last took steps to have all the parties (seven :in nuimbe') brduglit before Mr. Dove 1 ton to ans~wer the hairge of aggravated 'assailt aind ifalse imprisonment. They all consented to plead guilty :to the minor offence iof ." common assault," which li:wa :indignantly refuisedl by Mr. Thoompson, Wiho distinctly :informed Mr. Doveton that as his own clerk, Mr. Harrvey, had taken part in the outrage, the' jiistice df tlhe country required that. some other .magistrate -.ould assist him in adjudicating upon 't8ir? onstrous case, aiid :that he insisted~lupowm it being sent for trial to the nekt Ciniiinal Court at Castle main.-, Mr. Thompson; at the same time expressed his astonishmenit that ::Mr. Doveto-n had :not sispenrided his cler, Mr. rHarvey, whilst so gravie a charge hung over him.; upon wliich Mir. Ximenes, the Inspector of Police, snatched a newspapei: from Harvev ' haindiand reminded him he was theni a prisoner in icouirt, and shbuld be treated aiid made to behave iiike ev'ery other prisoner. 'On the application of the prisonier a solicitor, Mr. •Moultrie, the case was remisanded till Monrday .next, when it wiii: he, filly gone: into, and all the ,prisoners ;were released till that time on :bail.· .The general sympathy and dommi i rition of the. community. of the' dis .t of .Daylesford::.arer : enlisted on .e1.alf of Mr. Montgomery, and ' trust .?ry ogf i astlemain, if the above facts be prove,.will not allow to be tram pledi upon-any lobnger in this reiiote locality..M-." l.Mail. ... . "' AcOCIDmNTr. on Twas La'cLAN.- Intelligencel has just reached us of:two accidents of 'ai inost paiinful naturn e a which have lately occuired o?i, tlihe Lachlan. 'In one instance .a .young *man, in th?i employment':'of' a pers'on gsamed: Tlipmas Dick, whose name we hiave b:len .iunable. to diseover;?went ?'ut in searehof some cattle, andswhile 'i"engaged' the horse on whiehrhe: was 'riding carried hiim between two stumps, -and, the? girth~se breaking, the unfortu nate man was precipitated to the' ground upon' his head with greiat violence. - In this position-he was-dis-] ,?oe?.9 by his friend,a?pd uwe uuder ..stand that he liingered.inaistateof~oin - 'ihftii7 hMce~irV>In lthtlo toherI n stanicebo hihch - we' refer,:' a na-non Mr Gibsoni s stablishm~eiit was sin pursuit of a mob of :.cattle..and the horse o n 'which:. he: was riding ran away and threw his ill-fated .rider'in, violent contact with the limb of a'tree which lay in his course.: .The man attempted to escape by throwing him self back ipon ·his horse,-bdt, unhap pily, without success. The: bough struek him under the chin, adrid it is 'believed that death ensued irimedi ately. This makes the sixth accident of a fatal nature which has occurred in this vicinity during the last four months and it will be easily believed that these circumstances have thrown a deei, gloom iover the cammunity generally. -Bat}Eurd6'Fie 'Piree e.'; THE RANiSrN- StREn TI GuOST.-it rarely happens -that. itfalls, within the province of the journalist to deal with the supernatural; facts rathei faintasms are 'generally: subject-natter for the lucubrations of his -brain. The mysr terious 'ciraumstance, ,however; whe ther ideal or rinot, to Which we alldde, 'hia;s been in every oie's mouth in this good .towh of Bathurst duiring the past week. It seems that a certain loving 'couple who'happen to occuy'a tene: ment- in Rankin-street, adjacent to a cottage of goodly :pretensions .which has. lately been imtenanted, were in dulging in a moonlight stroll in the garden attached. to, the house. Sud denly the •lady uttered a piercing scream, ;and. sunk insensible in her comnpanion's arms. On recovering her s.ises, she dellhredthtit she had dis riuctly seen afigure of ghiostly propor. .dionse, moving in the neighbouring gar len, . with slow and solemn .tread," not.clad like Pauline, in the Winter's Tale, ''in pure white robes, like very sanctity," but in the ordinary garb of every day prosaic moitality. 'Ii' con s.quence, however,.of the ascertained facts that this apparition presenteid it self at-an early period of the evening, and not' at the witching hour conse crated to such visitations, that the garden held out, some temptation in its produce to marauders, and that'the fair ghost-s~her' had ,previously par taken rather plentifully of a petit ,souper of lobster salad, that notable enemy to "digestion,' the alarm which the istbiry rapidly created in the neigh hourhood has nearly:subsided, and we 'are glad to learn that the landlord of the haunted, tenement has in no?wise iuffered d'efriment from the :notoiety attached to it, since that circumstance has induced a desirable tenant; who declares himself ghost-proof, to tender t.,r its ccupation. "W e strongly re commend him ,to ensure himself from further molestatson by "goblin damnd,'" by the immediate purclhase of a trusty watch dog.Z-Ibid. Bones of a Man'sFoot.-- Mr. Sheri dan when searchinig for the missing men at Bribie's Island; found the bones of'a maiiii's foot all bleached with the sun, and a ship'sladder much worn with the water. This incident is sup posed to afford a clue to the fate of ti;o seamina of the Alfred, who left ship on a ladder and have not since been 'heard of. We believei neof the .seamen who thus left was a nephew,of the. master. i f.f the vessel. 'In connection with the Ifurither search for the missing nian, we are-informed that the;father-in-law' of the man Col lins has found, near LuggagePoint, a piece,.of, tin. vhiich :'he reco'giises as having been -attached to his son's sea chest and also the jib- boom of the boat. These articles were discovei'ed~i near where the body was.. picked up. Courier. ANOTHER DA- Ai?T BY -DRdowhINa. About two o'clock yesteirday morning tihoe second engineer of .the Yarra ,Yarra met with his death accidentally. Decease'drose from his bedd i~velit on deck, and fell overboard from the. fore "gangway.' One of' the sailors was sleeping on a wood-balei and hearing a splis?hl got' up and called obiine of the firemen but inbtliing could be seen to ascepunt frtahie ~odise, and Janiesdook, the second engineer, was missing in the .morning.. The : boots, cap, andi •watch of Cook were left behind, 'and deceased place of rest looked as if he ihad risen hastily .nd had gone .on deck. Decqased had beensleepiIg ap parently on.the top of the bed clothes. He came on board about one o'clock withithe chief officer, and is stated to have been sober at the time.' James (folk., 'the', deceased," was a nativ ,.of -Aberdeenalire,i- n,:: S?otlarid 'and' has left a wife and two'children in Sydney; and had been upwards of five years in the Cooiiayb~ s'yas ervioC and always, bore a steady and reapectalile character. Up to'thetiunme of our goimg to pieda. although, sFarch hac. byen made, the bodjy had hot beda recovered. '?IT the body is not found previous 'to the s-tiiin6g of' thlie 'steamewir this rifteirnoin it is expected the motion of the paddles will cause it to rise"--bid. Tus MissrN :MZEN.-During last '?reekiiir rumodr 'iir ifabicilated tlyoidjf the ii;n to that'the.boarbelongingtothe Colline' prt '-had- ben sicuttled a8d sunk in on.S'f'the3 cebLH ks Rjacent to Luggage. Ioint. WAhiletin the bay to riids? the enildi of fth'e week, ?Ir Slieidnarin miintely -'sarched 'three- of, the cicels but't couliil hot &'a cceed in finding any traces of a .boat having been in' either of them. Mr. S. ex presses himselftas resolved to find the boat, if she is still within the limits of the bay, as he-has made up his. mind to; search; all' the creeks. The .most probable solation of th'e mystery which now enshrouds the fate of these uniiifortunaiiite:mein appears to us to be found in this dcorij-ectre. We under stand the men draiik all the grog they' had with them on their first start be foirele~svil4ng.Bllimhal .and that they afterwvards returned to Breakfast creek to secure the . co-operation of certain blackfellows. It would appear that they theii"took Ballow into* the' boat, 'is hb Was seen in their company while going down the.river a second time. The conjectureis .that they went or sent to one of the Valley public- houses while lying at Breakfast Creek; pro cured a further iiupply of grog : that t.hey partook freely of it in going.down. the river; became initoxicated and wvere then attacked unawares and murdered by the blacks in the boat: " What becaiie of the .boat ?" is a questiorn which naturally "suggebts' itself after this statement, arid it is one which inherit' a thoughti?Our' ibelief is .that it was eitheriscuttled and sunk in deep water, or. that it now lies hidden amongst the dense masses of mangrove whibh line the whole store of hay, cbn cealed, there for use .whlen a safe oppor tunity shall come. eW: are'streng thened .in our beliif asEto the charaiicter of the m~rders -i.e.,' ia to their being blacks and not whiten--by the'medical evidence at- the -inuuest: ;Dr .-Barton stated' thatithe wounus on Collins body had most probably..been pro:luced by a blunt tomahawk, oy spme such weapon Fromin What we can -learn, -the blacks regard the to0iaharvlt'as the surest and mo3t murderious weapon in a hand to hand fight, and those .carriedby. them are generally,.of ;-the .:hlf-sharp and half-blunt kind. .We cannot but think that the: suspicion sought to bie cast upon the white companion- of Collins, is. unfounded. It is true they had had a disagreeiient, but it -wa's rathderbe tweenii the Dutchman and Morgan'than betwe n Collfnri' and .those twb, aiid it appears thiat this rulpture was amiicably settled before thie'ir depairture for the bay. Timen'nd: ''providence can alone unravel'the actual..facts of this most foul and horrible. de'd, but-,we are -in. -clined.- to' think that the sequel will prove it to have bleein brought about in the way we have: here conjectiired. \---Since,.writing the above, we learni ,that the father--l-li;w of the man Col lins has found, near Lugage: Point, a peice of tin which he recognises -as having beeni attachliedto his son's sea chest, and also the jibbooim of the boat. These: drticles were ;discovered"iiear where the ,bdy i?vas picked uip.-F-iree Press. - - T"u i. smo ME:auiipE.-a The,.' wo prisoners. Chamberlain and Armstrong, committed for trial for the wilful miur .der of 'ir. Cornielius : Greenl, of the Omeo, will, iot' be tried until, next session; i' They arrived in Melbourne as we have already stated, last week, but. it seems that in the :loality.of the murder, *apprehensibns weer' enter tained that ariattempt wotild be made tb'.rescue' them while, un their 'journeyv to the: metropolie. The G?ipps ,Land Guardian states that priqr to rthe: pri soners leaving Chamberlain addressed those who stood"; arfunid "tlie -dray which was to convey :hii: and his asso ciate. "°Let this be. a .warning to all you young imei' remember it as' long as you live.: .hen the party (pri soners and escort) had got about 2o miles on the road, the dray, on'pass Sin longh .a Bidehlingoveraset and pre? cipitatedthie prisoniers into' the'Tambo river. They were, however, rescued without-injury ---Melbourne herald.! ACCIDENAL AND MELANCHOLY DgATH,-.Jeremial^ f'Dwyer;,'. :an emi gran'tliy the -Br?ttis 'Empire, about eightTen years 'of agew)io had only arrived in-town :the diay before; was accidently drowned,;i while bathing in the Bremer on BSaturday. last. It ap pears that he went: down to the-bank of the creek with John Connors:and a cousin niamed· Johi: Dwyer.e' Connors and John:,.-Dwyer.'went to bathea when: Jeremiah Dwyer'undressed to follow. them;·aonnors,-on-finding from -Dwyer that he:could not swim, cautianed him not to veilitiurin, ai he might?t'get out then, swam,..aor~,;.and,., aon.turning' round;4 forind Jerenlahl folloWing, ;when he called t flr,assistance :Con nora was paralysediabut-::Johni Dwycr :wentpand:aunght hold.of.the -deceased by theihair.biit thi latter, grasgiing his hand, struggled' so hard that he nearly drowned his friend,; who •u"aved himself: with .difficulty. :The:; ody was recover'ed alinost immediately, and Dr. Ch·tllor' adio ttibfihbuinhiil- 'oatinent .The unfortunate doegased had come \-- - -,. . - . .; . ou Ittf'tlte expense? ofthiusister, who \sp a reil'e3n't in'this atbwni;' f and .lai cai tioncdi by her to avoid patfaing in th river.; Fatally for h" ialf he re jected her urgent solicitions.-North Australian ,I,*;? „;. , . HeFR, MAJESTY'S NEW.? .TITLE. By the recent Indian proclamation, considerable enlargement anid additioni have been given to the style dand .title of the Sovereign of these realms. Her.: Mnjesty, until now, was called "of the United Kingdo:n of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen ;" but that designation was, in truth and in fact, imperfect, as no mention was made of her swavy over the colonies and dependiencies of .the Crown. To remedy ,this. defect, the Indian proclamation' alters -an'destab-. lishes, fdor the futurite the regal style and title thus :--Victoria, .by the:Grace of God, of the United -Kingdom of Great Britain. and Ireland, and of the. Coldnies arid Dependencies thereof in Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australasia, Queen, Defender of the Faith. A: A quaker, was asked by. a purchaser it his would draw. " Thou wouldst bless-,thine .eyes," said ,he, if thou couldst see him draw.'' • Oni this im' plied warranty; the bargain was ef fected but," on its being' found that the horse would not draw, the iQuaker was remonstrated with ;and made this answer-" I told thee,'kind: friend, it would dellight thine eyes to see' my horse; daw., I am sure it 'would de light mine, for I never: could :make him drai an ounce in my life.a ' IMPOUNDINGS. WAnor WAtroA; on tlie ,1th February, from Colliu; .Gully, by J..G. Church,.Esq.; damages and driving se. each:-VWhite ox, one horn down, Tin like bell near back, Ni on shoulder, .22.off -bacK, N on shoulder, WN on rump, BS on thigh, black and white ox, snail horns, AB offrump; brindle poley 'cow, like AW off ribs, 3 on shoulder'.llcgible brantd on loin; red ox, JM' over W near ribs, like'5i os.ump;i id cow, -WO' niearrump, WO over 2 off rump 2 on loih i red and white cow. blotch off back, 'R on thigh, like 6 on rump; yello v and white ox, WB off rump aud thigh, 4 on back; strawberry ox, (C off back, like 0 on shoul der, car marked; red and white cow, illegible brand' off rump and shoulder ;'grey horse, collar marked, awlcth tail, J HL (the HL conjoined off shoulder; damages and 10s. If not released within 24 days from date of publication, will bo"sold.' J. D. MIEARS, Pouthdkeeper. Nop?or.Waon WAGOA, eon the I4th Febrnary, .by. Mr. J. Clarke, from Towyo :-Bay colt, IR 'near shonl der, about 3 years old, 16 high : damages 10s. Bay' entire colt,: white face, like half circleover 'JH near' shoulder, 3' yearJ old, 14 hlih; dam'aioes 6 I0s. If not released will be sold according to 'the. Impouding. act. PI. F'OSnLL, .rouddkoeper. -. . 