THE ANDOVER MURDER. (From the Times.) in an open field near a sequestered town in Hampshire there was found, on a certain morning last month, the lifeless body of a man. The corpse lay on its face,, congealed and stiff, but on the back of the head were dreadful tokens of violence and crime. The skull had been battered in by heavy blows, while close at hand was seen the instrument of the deed-an ashen bludgeon-both body and cudgel being white with the frost of the night. A minute's examination served to identify the deceased as a respectable linen- draper of the adjoining town, who had left his shop hale and sound shortly after nine o'clock on the previous evening ; before the week was completed another inhabitant of the borough was charged with the crime, and a protracted investigation has at length resulted in the committal of this man and his wife to take their trial for what is now known as the Andover Murder. We have hitherto abstained from all comment on these remarkable proceedings, and this forbearance, as regards the question of guilt or innocence, must be still observed ; but there are certain circumstances of the case to which, apart from any of those points reserved for a jury to decide, we think the attention of the public may be serviceable invited. We ought just to recapitulate for clear- ness' sake the case which has been assumed the part of the prosecution, and which has been considered so far credible as to bring about the committal of the prisoners. The assumption-and the reader must recollect that at present it is assumption only-is nothing less than this that the wife of a certain inhabitant of the town having been detected in shoplifting at the establishment of the deceased draper, the murder of this unhappy tradesman was, by her and her husband, on this or other pretexts, resolved upon and compassed. That appears to be the substance of the hypothesis on which the case for the prosecution was based. We shall, of course, not attempt at this stage of the proceedings to analyse the evidence which has been offered to criminate the accused. Our concern lies with other topics altogether, distinct entirely from the validity of the charge. The night of the murder was that of Monday, the 22nd of November. It was a beautifully bright moonlight evening, with a light north-east wind. Now, it is a most extraordinary and, we should think, unprecedented circumstance, that there were no fewer than five year witnesses of this murder, howsoever or by whomsoever committed. From the con- current testimony of these deponents we know the hour, almost the very minute of the bloody deed, and the very sound of the blows and the cries of the expiring victim are described to us. The man is literally murdered, if not quite on an open stage, yet behind the thinnest of curtains, with every incident of the death struggle present to our ears. Two women on that fatal night had been out washing in company at a house in the neighbourhood. At about half-past 9 o'clock they left to go home, and in a few minutes each of them received indications 2, of the shocking work, One of them, on her road home, " heard some one hollow." She stopped and listened, and heard some one distinctly say, " Oh I don't, don't murder me !" The other heard some one cry out, Don't, pray !' and then ' Murder !' " besides which she " heard groans two or three times." Two men were just as close to the deed of blood. They were in company when the groans and cries fell upon their ears; One of them distinguished even the blows. "I heard," said he, "n noise as if some one was beating a carpet at a distance off. It was four or five blows one after another," A fifth witness again tells us with similar minuteness what a murder sounds like. "I heard a tremendous outcry, but I could not distinguish what it was - it was like some one quarreling. I halted for a few seconds, and crossed the turnpike road into Mr. Fowler's field, when I heard the same sound again. I then heard some blows resembling the beating of a carpet ; there were four or five blows, rather quick and very heavy.'' Here, then, we had an unfortunate man foully murdered in the immediate vicinity of his own town on a perfectly bright evening, while people are all up and stirr- ing, and within earshot of listening neighbours. How are we to explain such a circumstance? About the two women there is not much to be said. They had parted from each other when they heard in fatal sounds, and, perhaps, if a woman when startled by a strange noise runs home and tells her husband, it is a tolerably natural proceeding. But the two men were together, one being close behind" the other on the high road, when the noises reached them. A few minutes' run would have brought them to the spot, and in company people will face even ghosts. Why could not they see what was the matter? It was not that they had no suspicions, for one of them said at the moment that he fancied he distinguished the cry of "Murder!" and the other showed the impression which the occurrence had produced on him by relat- ing it the next morning to his shopmates. Neither can we suppose there was any general indifference or unconcern, for, as we gather from the depositions, every- body in Andover seems busy with the business of everybody else, and suspicion appears to have been guided by the common talk of the town. It detracts much from our idea of that personal security which civilization is thought to bring when we find that a crime like this could be committed uninterruptedly against so many chances of interruption. It was far from improbable that the murderer might have been seen, and he was actually heard by five several persons. Supposing any of these people had gone at once to the spot, he must have been taken red-handed. We do not, however, conceive that the circumstances really nnruc any of that popular indifference to life which is witnessed in China, or that a murder is a thing of as little account in Hampshire as it used to be in California. The reality of the affair, now that it is once disclosed, has doubtless kept Andover and its vicinity in a ferment for weeks, and people will talk of it for years to come. Tile persons brought within Round of the cries were probably influenced by various motives in omitting to follow up the alarm. The two women were frightened. They naturally thought more of the matter than the men ; but a woman's terror is not always well ground ed. The two men workmen at a foundry could hardly have been prevented by fear from acting on what they heard, especially as there were other people close at hand, and they might have mustered any number they chose. In all probability, although they stood to discuss the import of the sounds, they failed to realize any distinct idea of facts, or to I arrive at any conclusion at all respecting their natural duty on the occasion. The fifth witness, a person of better station in life, did take some little trouble in the matter. When he first heard the noise he halted to listen, then he left the turnpike road and got into a field, and listened again, when he heard the blows, but after this he walked on home. No doubt, many a scuffle has been overheard which did not turn out to be murder, and the occasional prudence of keeping out of other people's quarrels is not to be questioned. | The present instance, however, teaches a different moral. Since the fatal night of the 22nd of November every man, woman, and child in the town of Andover has probably gone out to look at the spot of the murder. If any of the men who heard the alarm had but gone up to the spot at the minute they might have come upon the murderer. That they could have saved life is not to be said there was no hope for that after those dreadful blows ; but at least they might have assured the ends of justice, and carried all the aid possible in a fellow-creatures peril. 