Erratum.-In our report tof ttití órdma-H lion ol-Ur;W£BaU«^Tt ebnutáhave beepj "Congreg^onal Union CaWrciL" instead ofi "Wesleyan.?/. ' " - .*"'?>; ' vA NOTICES ' %> COKBBSTONDEKTS J -- jàr] Mackie^ J^r^pn,«* The TjçfînîcJts.^t- ii4*£|»J altogether too long ¡ for insertion ia oar j column's If it is nectary to reply to J.Pf, we cannot aff ord mor¿ space ihan the com- munication in question oceupied¿-., "."' Tira POLICE AND THE PEOPLE.-We have received several communications for 'insertion, complaining of the conduct of the ßuperin tendent in ordering the troopers to rid«: through the crowd in the Benevolent Asy- lum Reserve. We think the end desired by all parties is answered by what bas already appeared. It ie hardly likely that we shall have occasion to chronicle a second time the painful results of a.rash' and inconsiderate order. BALLARAT A GM CULTURAL SOCIETY. - A private meeting of the Committee of tbs Ballarat Agricultural Society was held on Saturday last at Bath's HoteL The principal busin fas was .the distribution of prizes gained ' at the show, which we were,informed wan done in exact accordance with the report of the Agricultural ebow which appeared in the Star of Monday, the 14th instant. Th« financial accounts of the Society were alio settled at the above meeting. SCTTRB'S CHEEK AND BROWN'S TUBF CLUB.-The committee of this body, with the addition nf the most influential person- ages in this district, dined together at the Black Swan Hotel, on Monday evening, the 14th instant. A very considerable number assembled, and the usual toasts were drunk, including tho^e of the leading members of the club. This club is now a permanent body, and has received a great accession of sub- scribers, and has a surplus fund in hand. THE SLUDGE COMMISSION.-We would remind our readers that the Slndge Commis- sioners hold their first sitting tor the recep- tion of evidence to-morrow (Tuesday), at the Warden's Court House. All persons interested in the care of the sludge evil should be ready to come forward and help by tacts and suggestions to that end. ALARM OF FIRE -Between eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday night last, an alarm of fire was given at the lower end of the Main Road. The alarm was unfounded, and arose from the abominable clang of the gongs at the Chinese Theatre on Golden Point being mistaken for the ringing of the Brigade fire bell. ELECTORAL.-The following gentlemen were appointed, on Thursday last, collectors for Grenville :-Reginald Bint and Robert Briggs for Mount Egerton ; R. M. Harvey and John Kildahl for Buninyong ; T. C. Herbert, Joshua Green and John Montgomery for Smythe's Creek ; Archibald Finlay for Linton's ; Edward Adams, B. M. Camp- bell, Benjamin Gillingham, and J. W. Bus- sell for Rokewood.-Telegraph. RAILWAY HOTEL AT CORDUROY.-At the Buninyong Licensing Sessions on Wednes- day last, Charles Haynes applied for a license fur a house on the line of railway, at Corduroy, to be called the Victoria Hotel. The application had been postponed from the previous Saturday. Mr M'Dermott appeared in support of the application, and argued that as on a previous occasion the license had been refused in consequence of the opposition of Messrs Evans, Merry & Co., and the re- fusal on behalf of the government to grant an occupation license to applicant ; and the applicant now being in possession of an occu- pation license-the opposition also being withdrawn, and a letter having been received from the Treasury favorable to the applica- tion, there was nothing now standing in the way of the Bench granting the license. Granted -Telegraph. VIOLENT ASSAULT.-Andrew Mundie re- manded on a charge of assaulting George Culpin, by striking him on the head with a hammer, at the Whim Holes, was brought up at the Buninyong Police Court, on Wed- nesday, the 16th inst. Dr Hooper gave evi- dence as to the nature of the wound, and i probable description of instrument used in inflicting the wound. The prisoner was committed to take his triaL- Telegraph. INDECENT ASSAULT ON A CHILD.-Andrew Mundie, committed for trial on a charge of violent assault, was again placed in the dock, charged with indecently assaulting Marv Ann Culpin, aged nine years, at the Whim Holes. Two witnesses proved to hearing the child expostulate with prisoner, but on going to her assistance found him in another depart- ment of the tent crouched under a stretcher. Dr Rankin gave evidence as to the nature of the assault. The girl having been questioned by the Bench, and her answers being simple and plain as to the conduct of prisoner, he was sentenced to twelve months' imprison- ment with hard labor.-Telegraph. BUNINYONG ROAD BOARD.-At the meet- ing of the Board on Wednesday, the 16th instant, A. Fiskin, Esq., in the chair, the secretary read a let'er from the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, informing the Board that the continuation of Cornish street across . hr springs was not a government road. The Hoad Engineer read his report on the road to the pound and the crossing at Lal Lal Creek, which shewed an estimated cost of £650, and setting forth that certain repairs could be made for about £150 which would make the road passable. The report was received and it was ordered. That tenders be invited for the necessary repairs in the road to the pound estimated in the Engineer's report at £150." The consideration of the other por- tions of the engineer's report was postponed for one month."-Telegraph. TEE CLERE OF THE BENCH AT BUNINTONOK -A Board of Enquiry was held at the police court on Wednesday, in consequence of sun- dry charges being made against Mr Farrer, clerk of the bench, which stands adjourned to 30 th inst -Telegraph. APPOINTMENTS.-Clerks of Petty Sessions: -William Edward Wood, acting clerk at Raglan, during the absence on leave of CW. Minchin; Daniel Oliver, second clerk at Ballarat West. Clerks of County Courts : Frederick Odell Monckton, second clerk at Maryborough ; William Edward Wood, acting clerk at Raglan. Clerks of Courts of Mines : -Frederick Odell Monckton, second clerk at Maryborough ¡ William Edward Wood, acting clerk at Raglan.-Gazette, 18th March. HOBSON'S BAT BETHEL SHIP.-The Ber. Mr Wm. Johnson, the pastor of the Bethel Ship in Hobson's Bay, preached here on Sun- day, in the morning at Wesley Church, Ly- dian! street, and in the evening, ot the Con- gregational Church, Sturt street. We under- stand that he will continue to preach at in- tervals during the week, and that any per- sons wishing to contribute to the mission may send their contributions to any of their ministers in Ballarat. THE PROVIDENT INSTITUTE.-On Thurs- day afternoon a very numerously attended meeting, consisting of upwards of 300 depo- sitors (ladies and gentlemen) in the Provi- dent Institute, took place at the Mechanics' Institution, to investigate the state of the aftairsof the establishment. The result of of the meeting was that it was satisfactorily shown that there was no ground for believing that the directors had- borrowed money on inefficient security. A committee, consist- ing of the Rev. Mr Turner, and Messrs Clarson and Walker (the chairman), ware appointed to investigate with the auditors ol the Institute into its affairs, and make their report to another public meeting. A vote oí confidence in the directors was carried. A full report of the whole proceedings appears in our columns.-Herald. CHINESE SAWYERS.-Near German Gully a Chinaman has entered extensively into the rnanufactore of puddlMg-inachines for bia countrymen. He employa three or four pairs of Chinese sawyers, who may be all seen at work in one pit. This sort 7 of work is peculiarly adapted to the plodding industry of the Celestials, and they look like so many automatons as they follow the movements of the saw. One or two of them seem pretty fbTnîiwn- with their business, bat the others do little more than scratch the timber which they attempt to divide. A couple cf English sawyers would do near as much execution as ¿he whole of theta.-Meunt Menander Mail. kxxmâBar, - Hr T. 'P. PHeaky,» landlord of Die Kyneton Ho^'wBr^tó^ three »times wîtii * lie»iy>rriip over the iieadViród marked Hm c^ tfae ^raagîsti6i!îal4ûoj^y wlücTi w ul Ubdytake placé lo^y, we terrain from commentas to the nature of the assault. WB may state that Mr Healey is m cristody of .Öie rwlk^e, being refused hail, and that two or three tegal, gentïemen are already retained* îo the case,' which promises to be of no ordinary nature, and we axe happy one which seldom has taken place in. this .quiet district.-Kyneton Obtener, - -- -*-.-".'- ; THE BUEH.XO YAKDOIT.-Several hundred which was famed some three years ago for a rash which attracted considerable attention. A larg« TirnnrfcAT nf thg nimm «rp mfníngr rm private lands, and axe' quito'willing to pay the fee required hy the proprietor. The want ofwater is the great defectofÄis and other portions bf the Jim Crow district, a want which'frill be »mppUed ao econ as tie rainy 'season sets ia.-Castlemaine Advertiser., - MB CAVE'S PETZE WHEAT.-The splendid sample of wheat-exhibited by Mr Cave, of Gumeracha (not Mount Barfcer, as errpni ously smted in the report,^ which took the first prize a± the show, on the Park Lands, last Thursday, was of the kind called Tus- can, and was grown from seed obtained last year from Mr John Frame, of Mount Barker. The seed was pat in apon new land, after à crop of maize, about the 1st of May, and the corn was cut by hand before the grain tras quite ripe, or rather when the milk was jost out and the grain still soft. Mr Cave sold the twelve bushels he brought to the pavilion at 15s per bushel, the purchaser -being an Adelaide merchant, who intends shipping it to Van Dieman's Land. The wheat weighed 68 lbs ll oz. to the bushel,' having been mea- sure I by the new imperial bushel just im- ported from England for the Society, by Messrs Tuxfort. Probably, had a proper round strike been used instead of a flat one, the weight might have been an ounce or two more.-S. A. Register. ODDITIES OF THE NEW MARRIAGE ACT. -The Geelong Advertiser says that this list of qualified mamage-solemrusers is followed by perhaps the most extraordinary clause that ever was inserted in any Act. It declares that whenever any minister " shall die or depart the colony, or otherwise become disqualified, his functions shall cease," and if he " shall continue in violation of the pro- visions hereof to perform any marriage ceremony," he " shall be liable to the penal- ties specified,''-namely, a fine of five hun- dred pounds and imprisonment for five years. We have heard of spectre bridegrooms and syren brides, bot ghosts and clergymen are not supposed to be employed in celebrating even their nuptials. Priests most be very careful indeed. Henceforth ubiquity will be a statutory crime ; at least if a priest re- mains in the colony after he has left it, he must leave off marrying folks. The law considerately provides, however, that even if the officiator be dead or absent, the marriage will be valid and binding. 