ORIGIN OP THE INSTITUTION OP POLT GAMY IN THE MORMON CHURCH (From the Lmlsvilk Journal.) 2s a paper of a recent date I notice the following paragraph, which would lead the reader to believe that Brigham Young,is the author of the (now) acknowledged institution of polygamy existing in the Mormon Church: , , " the Booh of Mormon.—The New York Tima publishes literal transcripts from the books of Jacob, Alma, and Nephi, contained in the author ised edition of the Book of Mormon, in which, strange to* say, the institution of polygamy is as severely denounced as an abomination before the Deity as are any of the cardinal sins in the deca logue given in the book of Mosea. The Mormon Bible lia3 never been republished in this country, aud it seems that Brigham Young has learned the Jesuit art of setting aside its authority when ever its precepts interfere with his licentious wishes or his hierarchal ambition." The institution of polvgamy, or the "spiritual wife" system, which is the same thing in fact, was first introduced into the Mormon Church in Kirfc land, Ohio, whither the Mormons emigrated from Western New York, about the year 1S33, impelled as Joseph Smith, the prophet and founder of the church, declared by direct revelation from the Lord, at which place he was directed to build a temple. The first instance known of the attempt of the licentious prophet to introduce the spiritual wife system occurred shortly after the hegira into Kirtland. Finding himself surrounded by many hundreds of devoted followers, the great mass of whom were ignoraut and capable of being com pletely controlled by him, he attempted to impress upon their minds the idea that a person resem bling Jesus Christ in character and relation to God, would spring from him, and become their prophet, after his (Smith's) death, or departure to the realms of glory. To accomplish this ob ject, he selected his victim from one of his flock— a virgin, pure and beautiful; her he made his spiritual wife, inducing her to believe that she, like the Virgin Mary, was peculiarly : favored of God above all other women, and ; was selected to become the mother of a great ; reformer and leader of God's people. Of course i Smith was to stand iu the same relation to this I virgin as the Holy Ghost did to Mary. Well, time ! flew on apace, aud the highly favoured virgin was | brought to her bed for accouchment, when lo ! the promised messiah turned out to be a girl! But , tho cunning seducer was prepared to face this Iff-) difficulty: he very deliberately, and with the dig nity becoming a prophet,- informed the innocent j and deluded victim of his lust, that she had deceived herself, was wanting in faith, aud there fore was not, as she supposed, the chosen vessel of the Lord, from whom a prophet should spring. At that time the spiritual wife' system was con tinued, if I recollect aright, to a chosen few of tho leaders of tho church. Indeed, it was not acknow lodged publicly by the Mormons until some time after they settled in their present locality. The practices of this vile fanatical sect well nigh ruined the morals of the village of Kirtland tim ing their stay. In the first court that convened in the county after the departure of the Mormons for Nauvoo, there were some fourteen or fifteen cases of bastardy alone. The writer of this had a personal acquaintance with several of the immortal twelve, who certi fied to the genuineness of the golden plates from which the'Morman Bible was translated. They became disgusted with the tricks of Smith and his designing intriguers, and most of them left the church before it was transferred from Kirt land. There are many anecdotes connected with this singular and deluded people during their stay in Kirtland that would be interesting, but this article is sufficiently lengthy. I only intended to show that Smith, tho founder of the church, was also the founder of the debasing and immoral practice of polygamy, but did not carry it to the extent that it exists, for fear of the power of the " Gentiles" in and about Kirtland, who, as it was, could scarce retain their desire, eviuced on seve ral occasions, to present the prophet to his follow ers some fine morning in a coat of tar and feathers, bestriding a sharp rail instead of an ass's colt. J.H. I 