REVIEW. The Backwoods Preacher: an Autohingrnpliy of . 'Peter Cartwright, for more thnn fifty years a preacher in the Backwoods and Western 'Wilds of America. Edited by IV. P. Strickland. Re printed from the thirty-first American Edition. London: Alexander Heylin. 1S58. This extraordinary book is the autobiography of Peter Cnrtwriglit, one of the leading Methodist preachers in America. It is reprinted from Ilio 31st American Edition, and is one of the most extraor dinary books of the age. We mean to say that to Catholics it must appear so. There is a bright light strongly nnd suddenly flung upon what to us is an unknown world. A book not wtitten for us, nor with reference to us, hy one who believed in himself, and was addressing others who believed in him, which reveals a state of tilings so wonderful, taat when we have read it, we remember it as 'twere a dream. Here is a man vigorous, energetic, and naturally gifted beyond most others, recording the experiences of his life as a preacher of the Gospel, Mid blending together, with undoubted sincerity, the most awful, Ihe most grotesque, the loftiest, and the most grovelling ideas, scenes which remind one of nothing but diabolical possession with evidences of the ample graces which are bestowed on those outside the Church, to lead them into it, and yet which by their own fault or the will of Divine Providence have not that effect. We have to turn to the illustrious Oratorian in his third lecture on Anglican Difficulties whenever we have occasion to Investigate the phenomena recorded in the spiritual experiences of those oulside the fold. He answers Protestants who tell him that they have the clear evidence of the influences of grace in their hearts by its effects sensible at the moment or permanent in the event : — 'You tell me that you have been converted from sin to holiness, or that you have received great support and comfort under trial, or that you have been carried over very special temptations though you have not submitted yourselves to the Catholic Church ? I admit your fact; do you in turn admit my explanation of it. It is the ex planation^ re.idy provided by the Catholic Church, provided in her general teaching quite independently of your particular case. ' Spiritus Domini rcplcvit orbcm terrarum. Grace is given for the merits of Christ all over the earth j there is no corner even of Paganism, where it is not present, present in each heart of man in real sufficiency for his ultimate salvation. Not that the grace presented to each is such as at once to bring him to heaven, but it is sufficient for a beginning. It is sufficient to enable him to plead for other grace, and that second grace is such as to impetrate a third grace, and thus the soul may be led from grace to gTace, from strength to strength, till at last it is, so to say, in very sight of heaven, if the gift of per severance does but complete the work. Now, here observe it is not certaiu that the soul which has the first grace will have the second. The grant of the second at least depends on its use of the first. Nay, further than this, it is possible to conceive a soul going forward till it arrives at the very grace of con trition, a contrition so loving, so siu renouncing as to bring it at once into a state of reconciliation, and clothe it with the vestments of justice, and yet it may yield to the further trials which beset it, and fall away. \- ',' Now, all this may take place eveu outside the Church; and consider what at once follows from it.. This follows, in the first place, that men there may be, not Catholics, yet really obeying God, and rewarded by Him— nay, I might say (at least by iyay_ of argument) in his favour, with their sins forgiven, and with a secret union with that heavenly kingdom to which they do not visibly belong, who are through their subsequent failure never to reach it. There may be those who are increasing in grace nnd knowledge, and approach ing nearer to the Catholic Church every year, who are not in the Church, and never will be. The highest gifts and graces are compatible with ulti mate reprobation. ' We^do not think it necessary to carp at every Instance' of supernatural excellence amongst Protestants when it conies before us. All we know is, that the grace given them is ultimately intended to bring them into the Church, and if it does not tend to do so it will not ultimately profit them ; but we as little deny its presence in their souls as they deny themselves, and as the fact is no perplexity to us it is no triumph to them.' . And speaking of tho impossibility of arguing in favour of heretical creeds from the lives and deaths of sectarians, he says : — . ' No, my dear brethren, these things are beyond us. Nature can do so much and go so far, can form such rational notions of God and of duty without grace or merit or a future hope. Good simse has such an instinctive apprehension of what is fitting ; intel lect, imagination, and fooling con no take up, -(eve- lopn, mid illuminate what nature has originated ; education and communication of ideas can so insi nuate into the mind what really does not belong to it ; grace, not effectual but inchoate, can so plead, and its pleadings looks so like its fruits, and its mere visitations may so easily be mistaken for its indwell iug presence, and its vestiges when it has departed may gleam so beautifully on tne dead soul, and it is quite impossible for us to conclude with any fairness that ascertain opinion is true or a religious position safe, simply on account of the confidence or religious excellence of those who ndopt it. Ot course we may think as tenderly of them as we can, and may fairly hope that what we see is, in some instances, the work grace wrought on those who are in invincible ignorance ; but the claim is unreasonable and exorbi tant, if they expect their state of mind is to he token in evidence, not only of promise in the individual, but of truth in his creed. The Catholic, and he alone, has within him that union of external with internal notes of God's favour, which sheds the light of conviction over liis soul, and makes him both fearless in bis faith and calm and thankful in his hope.' (Third Lecture on Anglican Difficulties.) But to come to Peter Carlwright. Ho was born in 1785. His father was a soldier in the war of in dependence, and afterwards settled in Kentucky. The fourth chapter gives the author's own account of liis conversion. ' In 1801, when I was in my sixteenth year, my father, my eldest half-brother, and myself, attended a wedding about five miles from home, where there was a great deal of drinking and dancing, which was very common at marriages in those days. ? I drank little or nothing ; my delight was in dancing. After a late hour in the night, wo mounted our horses and started for home. I was riding mv race horse. ' A few minutes after we had put up the horses, and were sitting by the fire, I began to reflect on tho manner in which I had s pent the day and even ing. I felt guilty and condemned. I rose and walked the floor. My mother was in bed. It seemed to me, all of a sudden, my blood rushed to my head, my heart palpitated, in a few minutes I turned blind; an awful impression rested on my mind that death had come, and 1 was unprepared to die. I fell on my knees, and began to ask God to have mercy on me. ' My mother sprang from her bed, and was soon on her knees by my side, praying for me, and ex horting mo to look to Christ for mercy ; and then and there I promised the Lord that if He would ? spare me, I would seek and serve Him ; and I never fully broke that promise. My mother prayed for me a long time. At length we lay down, but there was little sleep for me; ' Next morning I rose, feel ing wretched beyond expression. 1 tried to rend in the Testament, and retired many times to secret prayer through tho day, but found no relief. I gavo up my race-horse to my father, and requested him to sell him. I went and brought my pick of cards, and gavo them to mother, who threw them into the fire, and they were consumed. I fasted watched, and prayed, and engaged in regular read ing of the Testament. I was so distressed and miserable, that I was incapable of any regular business. . ' 'My father was greatly distressed on my account, thinking I must die, «nd he would lose his only son. Ho bade me retire altogether from busiucss, and take care of myself. ' Soon it was noised abroad that I was distracted and many of my associates in wickedness came to seo me to try and divert my mind from those gloomy thoughts of my wretchedness ; but all in vain. I exhorted them to desist from the course of wicked. . ness which we had been guilty of together.- The class-leader and local preacher were sent for Thcv tried to point me to the bleeding Lamb; they prayed for me most fervently. Still I found no comfort and, although I had never believed in the doctrine of unconditional election and reprobation, 1 wa sorely tempted to believe ? I was a reprobate,, and doomed, and lost eternally, without any chance of salvation. ' At length one day I retired to tho horse-lot, and was walking and wringing my hands in great anguish, trying to pray, on the borders of utter des pair. It appeared to me that I heard a voice from heaven, saying, 'Peter, look at Me.' A feeling of relief flashed over me as quick as an electric shock. It gave me hopeful feelings, and some encourage ment to seek mercy : but still my load of guilt re mained. I repaired to the house, and told my mother what had happened to me in the horse-lot. Instantly she seemed to understand it ; and told me the Lord had done this to encourage me to hope for mercy, and exhorted me to take encouragement, and seek on, and God would bless me with the pardon of my sins at another time. ' Some days after this, I retired to n cave on my father's farm, to pray in secret. My soul was in agony; I wept, I prayed, and said, 'Now, Lord, if there is mercy for me, let me find it ;' and it really seemed to me that I could almost lay hold of the Saviour, and realize a reconciled God. All of a sudden, such a fear of the devil fell upon me, that it really appeared to me that he was surely personally there, to seize and drag me down to hell, soul and body; nnd such a horror fell on me, that I sprang to my feet and ran to my mother at the house. My mother told me this was a device of Satan to prevent me from finding the blessing then. Three months rolled away, and still I did not find the blessing of the pardon of my sins ? ' To this meeting I repaired, a guilty, wretched sinner. On the Saturday evening of said meeting, I went, with weeping multitudes, and bowed before the stand, and earnestly prayed for mercy. In the midst of a solemn struggle of soul, an impression was made on my mind, as though a voice said to me, ' Thy sins are all forgiven fhee.' Divine light flashed all around me, unspeakable joy sprung up in my soul. I rose to my feet, opened my eyes, and it really seemed as if I was in heaven ; the trees, the leaves on them, and everything seemed, and I thought were, praising God. My mother raised the shout, my Christian friends crowded around me, and joined me in praising God ; and though I have been since then, in many instances, unfaithful, yet I have never, for one moment, doubted that the Lord did, then and there, forgive my sins, and give me religion.' In 1801 took place what he calls a great revival of religion, from which the camp meetings origi nated in which Methodists and Presbyterians both shared : — ' I have seen more than a hundred sinners fall like dead men under one powerful sermon, and I have seen more than five hundred Christians all shouting aloud the high praises of God at once.' At these meetings the jerks broke out. Saints and sinners were seized with a con vulsive jerking, five hundred at a time. ' To see those proud young gentlemen and young ladies, dressed in their silks, jewellery, and prunella, from top to toe, take the jerks, would often excite my risibilities. The first jerk or so, you would see their fine bonnets, caps, and combs fly ; and so sudden would be the jerking of the head, that their long, loose hair would crack almost as loud as a waggoner's whip. . . . ' Wliile I am on this subject, I will relate a very serious circumstance which I knew to take place with a man who had the jerks of a camp meeting, on what was called the Ridge, in William Magee's congregation. There was a great work of religion' in the encampment. The jerks were very prevalent. There was a company of drunken rowdies who came to interrupt the meeting. These rowdies were headed by a very large drinking man. They came with their bottles of whiskey in their pocket. This large man cursed the jerks, and all religion. Shortly afterwards he took tho jerks, and started to run, but lie jerked so powerfully hs could not get away. He halted among some saplings, and, al though he was violently agitated, he took out his bottle of whiskey, and swore he would drink the d ? d jerks to death ; but he jerked at such a rate he could not get the bottle to his mouth, though he tiied hard. At length he fetched a sudden jerk, and the bottle struck a sapling and was broken to pieces, and spilled his whiskey on the ground. There was a gieat crowd gathered round him, and when he lost his whiskey he became very much en raged, and cursed and swore very profanely, his jerks still increasing. At length he fetched a very violent jerk, snapped his neck, fell, and soon ex pired, with his mouth full of cursing and bitter ness. ' I always looked upon the jerks (see appendix D., ' The Jerks and Revival Extravagances') as a judgment sent from God, first, to bring sinners to repentance ; and, secondly, to show professors that God could work with or without means, and that He could work over and above means, and do what soever seemeth Him good, to the glory of His grace and the salvation of the world. 'There is no doubt in my miml that, with weak minded, ignorant, aad superstitious persons, there was a great deal of sympathetic feeling with many that claimed to he under the influence of this jerk ing exercise ; and yet with many it was perfectly in voluntary. It was, on all occasions, my practice to recommend fervent prayer as a remedy, and it almost universally proved an effectualy antitode.' In 1802, at the age of 17, Peter was appointed Exhorter in the Methodist Church. ' There was a very remarkable case that I shall mention here. Theie was one lady about forty-five years old, who was a member of the Presbyterian Church, a very rigid predestinarian. Her husband was a Methodist, and several of her children had obtained religion among the young converts. This lady got powerfully convicted, and concluded that she never had any religion. She had fallen to the floor under the mighty power of God. She prayed and agonised hard for days. At length the devil tempted her to believe that she was a reprobate, and that there was no mercy for her. She went into black despair under this temptation of the devil, and such was the desperate state of mind, that at length she conceived tliat she was Jesus Christ, and took it upon her, in this assumed character, to bless and curse any and all who came to see her. ' The family were of course greatly afflicted, and the whole neighbourhood were in great trouble at this afllictive dispensation. Her friends and all of us used every argument in our power, but all in _ vain. She at length utterly refused to eat, or drink, or sleep. In this condition she lingered for thirteen days and nights, and then died without ever returning to her right mind. A few persecutors and opposers of the Methodists tried to make a great fuss about this affair, but they were afraid to go far with it, for fear the Lord would send the same afflic tion on them.' The task of a Methodist preacher in that wild country was no easy one, and was accompanied by many fatigues and hardships and not a few dangers. Many instances are given in which the iron will and brawny fist of the minister were found effectual, when preaching would have been of no use. On ono occasion a riot was prearranged and took place. Peter Cartwright struck the ringleader a ' sudden blow in the burr of the ear and dropped him to the earth.' He then preached for thirty minutes, when ' power of God fell on the congregation in such a manner as is seldom seen ; the people fell in every direction, right and left, front and rear. It was sup posed that not less than three hundred fell like dead lni-n in mighty battle.' One man once tried to run the preacher's vehicle into the water, but Peter rushing on him with a cudgel terrified him so that he leaped in himself. He swore revenge and came to meeting armed with a long Btring of frogs, which he intended to fling round the preacher's neck. During the devotions, however, he was suddenly converted, ' leaped over into the altar and fell at full length and roared like a bull in a net, and called aloud for mercy.' . , ' Just about daylight he raised the shout of victory after strugling hard all night. On Sunday night, when such a tremendous power fell on the congregation and my gang of row dies fell by dozens on the right hand and the left, my special prosecutor fell suddenly as if a rifle ball had been shot through his heart. He lay powerless and seemed cramped all over, and about sunrise he come to. With « smile on his uountennnce he then sprang up and bounded all over the camp ground with swelling shouts of glory and victory.' That Peter Cartwright was no respecter of per sons the following anecdote may show : — 'After reading my text I paused. At that moment I saw General Jacksou walking up the aisle; he came to the middle pust, and very grace fully leaned against it, and stood, as there was no vacant seats. Just then I felt some one pull my coat in the stand, and turning my head, my fas tidious preacher, whispering a little loud, said, 1 General Jackson has come in.' I felt a flash of in dignation run all over me like an electric shock, and fjcing about to my congregation,, and purposely Bpeaking out audibly, I said, ' Who is General Jackson? If he don't get his soul converted; God will damn him as 'quick as he would a Guinea Negro !' ' The preacher tucked his head down, and squatted low, and would, no doubt, have been thankful for leave of absence. The congregation, General Jackson and all, smiled, or laughed right out, all at the preaciier's expense. When the con gregation wa3 dismissed, my city-stationed preacher stepped up to me, and very sternly said to me, 1 You are the strongest man t ever saw, and General Jackson will chastise you for your insolence before you leave the city.' ' Very clear of it,' said I ; ' for General Jackson, I have no doubt, will applaud my course ; and if he should undertake to chastise mo, as Paddy said, There is two as can play at that game.' ' General Jackson was staying at one of the Nash ville hotels. Next morning, very early, my city preacher went down to the hotel to make an apology to General Jackson for my conduct in the pulpit the night before. Shortly after he had left, I passed by the hotel, and I met the General on the pave ment ; and before I approached him by several steps, he smiled, and reached out his hand and said — ' ' Mr. Cartwright, you are a man after my own heart. I am very much surprised at Mr. Mac, to think he would suppose that I would be offended at you. No, sir ; I told him that I highly approved of your independence ; that a minister of Jesus Christ ought to love everybody and fear no mortal man. I told Mr. Mac that if I had a few thousand such independent, fearless officers as you were, and a well-drilled army, I could take old England.' ' | JAt page 125-C is a curious story of a very con firmed Arian lady who shouted and said she felt happy, but Peter would not believe that she was happy, and challenged her to test it by prayer. The lady answered, ' I don't want to pray, I want to talk.' All round, however, united in wrestling, mighty power, and wliile we prayed it seemed that the bending heaven came near, and if the power of God was ever felt among mortals it was felt then and there. The woman sank into sullen, dumb silence, people thought for weeks she would go mad ; at length, she said she had a vision in which her Saviour told her she was wrong, but frankly for gave her. ' She joined the Methodists, and lived and died a shining and shouting Christian.' The conversation of a whole family at page 20* is only one of a hundred similar narratives, — ' While I was talking to and praying with these two young ladies and others, I saw the old lady, their mother, come and take her seat outside of the altar, immediately opposite her daughters; and if at any time she thought I was not watching her, she would kick them in their sides to drive them up. I watched her very closely ; and when in the act of kicking them, I took hold of her foot and gave her a strong push backward, and over she tumbled among the benches. Being a large, corpulent women, she had some considerable tussel to right herself again. So in this way I defeated the scheme of the devil once more. The girls became very much engaged ; but while there were many still pressing to the altar, and my attention for a moment was called off, the old lady contrived to get them out of the altar into the tent. As soon as I discovered what was done, I gathered two or three good singers and praying persons, and followed them into the tent, and com menced singing ; I then gave them an exhortation ; then said, ' Let us pray,' and called on the father of the girls to pray for his children, but he refused ; I then called on their mother to kneel down and pray for her children, and she refused. In the meantime two of the boys, as well as the two girls, became very much affected, and cried for mercy; and presently the third daughter, that had used the hartshorn in the altar, got awfully convicted, and begged all present to pray for her, as she would be lost and damned for over. Tnis was too much for the old people ; they became awfully alarmed, and wept bitterly ; and you may be sure the whole tent was in a mighty uproar. The singing, praying, and exhortations were kept up nearly all night. Four of the family were powerfully converted, and the sectarian devil in the old father and mother was effectually disarmed, and from that blessed night they became a religious family; all joined the Methodist Church, and, as far as I know, walked worthy of their high vocation. May they all prove faithful till death, and then receive a crown of life!' ' When it was known that Mrs. ? , a Camp bellite was at the mourner's bench, it awfully shocked some of her fellow-members in that watery regiment. She was iu such an agony and such good earnest, I almost knew it would not be long till she found the blessing ; and whils I was leading some other convicted persons to the altar, the Lord pow erfully converted this Campbelite heroine. She sprang to her feet, and shouted over the house like a top, and she fell directly to pulling and hauling her Camp bellite friends to the Methodist altar, ex horting them to come and get religion, and not for a moment longer to depend on water for salvation, but come and try the Methodist fire, or the fire of the Holy Ghost ; and the way she piled up the Cainp bellite friends at the altar was sublimely awful. After she had got a great number there, she took after her preacher, and exhorted him to come and get religion. ' For,' said she, ' I know you have none ;? but he resisted and fled.' ' We had prayers, and the most ,of us got shouting-happy ; and one of his interesting sons, while wo were all engaged in prayer, was solemnly convicted ; and, after praying in mighty agony for several hours, the Lord blessed him with a powerful sense of the forgiveness of his sins. For hours, we sung, prayed, and shouted together: then I retired to rest, and I slept as sweet and sound as if I had been bedded on a divan of King Solomon's palace. This man shouted, and praised God nearly all night. * ' This is the way God converts sinners in the backwoods, and a very faint specimen of the way that Western pioneer Methodist preachers planted Methodism in the valley of the Mississippi. This good old brother remained a few years among us, and witnessed a good confession ; left the world with a triumphant shout, fell asleep in Jesus, and went home to glory !' But we do not desire by the uniform selection of our extracts from one class of incidents to withhold the admission that, mixed with all this wild delusion and extravagance, there are abundant proofs that Peter Cartwright was an honest, downright earnest workman, with extraordinary natural gifts, ready courage, strong common sense, and a belief that he was the servant of Almighty God busy in his Mas ter's service. As far as he himself is individually concerned there never was a man to whom the po pular prejudices concerning Methodists applied less. Rough, outspoken, ready in word and deed to take the shortest and the plainest road without pretence or cant or affectation, without disguising his own faults or claiming superiority over others, the old man who tells these fifty years' history of his career claims on many accounts our respect, and all Ca tholics will do well to unite in prayer that those graces may be given him, and that he may so cor respond with them that he may be led at last into that Church in which alone, to use the words of Dr. Newman, he can have within him ' that union of external with internal notes of God's favour which sheds the light of conviction over the soul, and makes him both fe»rless in his faith and calm and thankful in his hope.' — Tablet. Success still attends tho cultivators of the sorgho—Chinese sugar cane— in France. The plant yields excellent sugar ; a farina obtained from the sued makes good bread and chocolate ; alcohol and an agreeable tonic wine are extracted from the stem and leaves, as well as certain dyes, of tints hitherto supposed to be peculiar to China ; and the residue is convertible into paper. Truly a most useful plant. Wo are glad to hear that it has been intro duced into Australia, wherein seasons of drought, to which the colonies are liable, it is found eminently useful as food for cattle.— Chambers' Journal. Tho new ecclesiastical college at Bruges, founded by the munificence of an English convert, has been opened for work : the Rev. Abbe Dessein is president ; Dr. Ledbiter, vice President ; and the AbbC Baume, fconome. Five students, already far advanced in their course, have been transplanted from England, three from St. Cuthbert's, Ushaw ; two from St. Edmund's, Old Hall. May an abun dant blessing attend this important work, and may our children's children have cause to remember it hereafter with as much gratitude as we feel towards Douai and llheims. Flemings have a peculiar aptitude for acquiring our difficult language ; we trust, therefore, that it may greatly assist in sup plying the great want of the Catholic Church in England. — Tablet. 