VICTOEIA. [From our own Correspondent] Melbourne, 20th ApriL 1859. A tiger hunt in Little Bourke-street ia not an everyday occurrence, as you may suppose, and never was, not even when this favored haunt of Celestial men and anything hut Celestial women, was nothing more than hush, and "wild in woods the noble savage ran ;" wherefore I may be excused for giving precedence to this great event. It came off at an early hour on Saturday morning, when few sports- men were abroad, and the Chinamen had all the fun to themselves. The noble animal first presented himself in the back yard of a Chinese store, in the above-named locality, and made an early breakfast off chow-chow, some jugged rats, dogtail soup, and pickled birdsnests which he discovered on the pre- mises; after which he ascended a staircase into a room where two pig- tails were sleeping, and passing his paws over their faces to convince himself that the Mongols were human, he woke one of them, who immediately began to " hi yah" at the intruder, which so terrified the otherwise, brave beast that he precipi- tately retreated. By the time the tiger had got down stairs, the whole neighbourhood was aroused, and ." Ho Mi, Wat Fun, Ere Sa Go, Lui Out," and a hun- dred other flat-nosed, yellow-visaged, oblique-eyed Celestials, had armed themselves with chop- sticks, bamboos, and wooden shoes, and were vociferating at the tiger as only Chinamen can voci- ferate. The miserable beast, bewildered by the up- roar, presented a spectacle worthy of commiseration, but like Marley's ghost the Chinamen "had no bowels," and one of them, emboldened by the cowed aspect of the animal, ventured to attack him with a " tooth-pick or some other offensive weapon. This was more than the flesh and blood of a striped Bengalee could stand. To be jobbed at by a mob of Celestials was a sufficient indignity, without being prodded by a presumptuous pig-taü ; so the tiger flew at his assailant and left his royal mark on his shoulder. Immediately there was a general cry of something equivalent to sai>ve qui peut, and the terrified China- men scampered oif in all directions, the tiger play- fully snapping at their legs as they retreated. In the meantime the proprietor of the menagerie had arrived, and having propitiated his run-away ward by the gift of a few hundredweight of raw beef, and brought round his cage to the spot, succeeded in prevailing upon him to enter it, winch he did. The wounded Chinaman was conveyed to the hospital, where he is doing well, and the menagerie has been since visited by shoals of Celestials curious to behold the tiger which swallowed a mouthful of five Mongol without its particularly disagreeing with the poor beast. A deputation of members of the Chamber of Commerce in this city waited upon the Chief Secre rary on Thursday last, for the purpose of presenting a remonstrance against the present arrangement by which the mail calls at Kangaroo Island on its way hither. The memorial seems to have originated with Mr. F. B. Franklyn, the proprietor of the Herald, and an impression prevails that the action he is taking in the matter is not so disinterested and public spirited as people unacquainted with journalism, might be induced to suppose. The Argus deals with the question in a more generous spirit, and observes: "When a group of colonies accept the principle of co- operation, and agree to share the burden of an enterprise ' between them, some definite rule must be adopted to regulate the distribution of the charges. It is impossible in any case that such a rule should exhaust all the conditions involved. If we adopt the principle with reference to the mail service, of a proportionate payment according to the number of letters transmitted-the fairest principle, and the one we have actually hound ourselves to - there are still special advantages and disadvantages, resulting from differ- ences in geographical position, which we cannot equalize. We must either, in this case, allow Adelaide to enjoy the special advantage of her closer proximity to England by the Suez route, or we must make that circumstance subject her to a special disadvantage-the steamer bearing her despiches passing her very doors. It appears to us, that to insist on such a condition as this is not only to exhibit a somewhat ?churlish spirit, but to violate the principle which has been made the basis of the contract. It would be well if some convenient place for receiving and landing the South Australian mails lay more exactly in the direct route of the steamer from King George's Sound to Hobson's Bay, but the spirit of the contract certainly implies an obligation to put Adelaide in connection with the path the mail travels with as little as possible unnecessary delay. «í¿" We very much question if the detention to be expected from this stoppage is not somewhat exaggerated by the memorialists. On the other hand, they have overlooked the boon tiiSt will be conferred on the general community, and an such mercantile houses as have, or choose to have, Ade- laide agents, by the two days' anticipation of the mail's advice* secured by the telegraph. This is an important ele- ment in the question, overlooked by the Chamber of Com- merce, except where they intimate their acquiescence in the «ailing at Nepean Bay of the steamer homewards, because it wiü enable them-to supplement their despatches." An enquiry into the cause of a fire which occurred on uhe 8th inst., in some premises occupied by Mr. Caspar Joseph Lieven, at No. 15, Flinders-lane, has resulted .in a verdict declaring them to have been wil- fully set fiV.? to by Lieven. He is a general dealer, was insured for £400 in the Melbourne Insurance Company, and vflhies his stock at £500. The only political topic of discussion just now afloat, apart from the ererlasting land question, is the attempt of Mr. Ireland, the Solicitor-Q- eneral, to get Mmself appointed Minister of Mines, in the event of euch an office being created, of which there is some probability, as the sinecure oflice of Postmaster G-eneralwiU, it is supposed, be blended with that of thu Commissioner of Trade and Customs. Mr. Ireland's claims to the new portfolio consist in his singular in- capacity for the office, and in the feet of his being notoriously the most " disreputable" member of the present Administration. He has " tried his prentice hand" on numerous mining measures, and they have all proved disastrous failures, so that his legislative experiments have become quite a by-word among the trigging community. The escorts brought down 48,000 ounces last week, ano1 the new rush at Back Creek, Amherst, appears to be turning out welL though not sufficiently so to maintx-iin the whole of the 25,000 or 30.00Q people who have emigrated thither. The correspondent of a local ptCper says :-" The most important instances of individnal success that have lately come under my notice are-¿jib. weight to one bucket ; 14£ oz. to a load ; 1 oz. 1(3 dwt. off a bottom ; 2 lb. to load, and 4 oz. to a bucket- from the same claim. A portion of ? the cement is also exceedingly valuable-1J lb. yielded 8 ozs., and 2 lb. of the same yielded 1 oz. 13 dwts. We extract the following from Melbourne papers to the 20th instant : AWFUL DEATH.-We believe the following piece of information, of which we are in receipt, without giving a guarantee for its authenticity .*-A miner, of Daisy HüL had within the last few days the rare luck of bottoming upon stuff that yielded, on the average, ten ounces to the bucket, and such an effect had this Í-ood fortune upon the unfortunate man that he worked or three days and nights successively, until, what with exhaustion and excitement, he fell dead.-Ararat "Express. TABITF REFOBM LEAGUE.-A meeting of the sup porV-ra of the Tariff Reform League was held in the I Magna Charta Hotel, Brunswick-street, Collingwood, I Councillor Thomas Rae in the chair. At the last meeting a committee was appointed to inquire into the best means for promoting the objects of the League. The Committee advised that a course of public meetings should be held in the several electoral districts, for the purpose of disseminating their doc- trines, and that an energetic agitation should be tept up prior to the ensuing general election* the candidates moreover being required to pledge themstSÎves to support the amendment of the tariff- i.e. protection. The report was adopted almost unanimously, there only being two persons who held up their hands against it, in a room con- taining about 120 individuals. The various speakers, with the exception of the two persons just alluded to, who proposed an amendment' condemnatory of the report, but which was received with a storm of disap- probation, expressed themselves »trorigly in. favor of a protective duty being placed upon all manufactures imported into the colony. In their opinion, they said, although the price of many things would be doubtless consuld'ably inoreased by a system of .pro- tection, yet the working-classes would have so much more employment that they woidd bo sure to be greatly beneiitted. It was further observed that whilst the protection that was sought to be established in England by the opponents of the Anti-Corn Law League was merely for the benefit of one particular class-viz., the landlords- what the Protection Tariff League now wanted to obtain was for the benefit of the masses-i.e., the working-classes.-Argus. CEnmrAL.-At the Criminal Court the case of John Hughes, charged with assaulting James West- wood, at Collingwood, excited a great deal of in- terest. Hughes was found guilty and sent to gaol for one month, his Honor the Chief Justice observing at the time of passing sentence that no money penalty would compensate the injuries inflicted on Mr. West- wood. Thomas Fitzsimons, of Woodend, was found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The lightness of the sentence was the consequence of the prisoner's previous good character. -Age. MR. FRANK FOWLER AND THE " S. M. HERALD." Mr. Frank Fowler, author of "Southern Lights and Shadows," has provoked from the Sydney papers some most extraordinary disclosures respecting his personal character and deportment while a resident in that city. Frank ostentatiously announces himself on his title-page as " late of Her Majesty's Civil Ser- vice of New South Wales." The S. M. Herald's ex- planation of this absurd puff is simply that Mr. Fowler, having been a reporter on the Empire was " appointed additional assistant shorthand writer to the Legislative Council," an appointment which he did not long retain, as he was incapable of per- forming the duties. Bell's Life in Sydney speaks much more decisively of Mr. Frank's character, de- nouncing him as a " measureless liar" and " swin- dler." According to this authority, every step of his career in the colony was disgraceful. His first advent is thus described : " He shipped himself as a schoolmaster to the female emigrants who were coming out in the Kate, and thereby effected a notable stroke of economy. Frank's notions of how 'to teach the young idea how to shoot,' seem to have been peculiar, for he so far improved the opportunity afforded him by his position as to seduce one of his pupils, and she has since joined that class whose fate he pretends with whining hypocrisy, to lament, as the 'lambs that have wandered from, the great human flock.' "-Age. 