MISCELLANEOUS. A SKETCH IS THB HOUSE.—That once particularly picturesque personage, the alphabetical baronet, Sir E. L It Lgrtton. is already giving promise this ses«ua of the fidgittiaees he was ao conspicuous for last He doesn't remain in his place a minnte,—is always getting op and sitting down, aad putting his hat in aad taking it off again, aad going out aad coming in, aad exhibiting a restless smgularityat variance with his philosophic preachments. Yean are beginning to tell on him fast now. Tbe removal of that prodigious hirsute covering in which all the lower and a gnat deal of the upper portion of hia face were covered, reveals tin haggard and worn " i — t h a t intense aad incessant mental labour have furrowed there. Ibese are more ohia table now than last session, for heia doaer shorn, probably to be on a par with those very sharp shavers, the Botany Iky deputations, who are eternally besieging the Colonial office in pursuit of soma Kangaroo millennium or other. Tbe wiuirrel-like mobility of Zuoni is the more noticeable from his being seated next batons to the Hebraic bead that carries the brains of the cabinet, and who^ mystic as a stone sphinx to look at, ia neariy aa maibly phlegmatic till fajarba aniwtH re- by tae business of .—9* the minnte, snd*h* f over, Se subsides into seeming lifdessness again, but all tlia while watchful as an alligator: Ever enigmatical, he is doubly ao now. From his manner, the ghost of Mumhv, the weather-almanac man, could not tell what s ia the wind, or what's his game. Whether he means to try it with a very hSj^ihand. or to dodge through the season in a low tlumUeng way, thenis no surmising. All depends on the nature of the cross betweenhim and his aocompliM, the comic old gentleman over the way, the intimacy , mtk fill u Tima.J of sach relationship being rather too indecorously advertised this time by Benjamin'a jirktooth pooh-poohing of reform--a coarse he would never have ventured upon bat fur two very substantial reasons, first the knowledge that Ckmbridge House oppuatSioa will not usily be all a sham but a real aid; aeoondly, that numerical strength in that quarter ia feat quite insignificant: and generalship without' troops is not veiy alarming There is already' this session moat marked declension* in the prestige of Palmerston. While be srss speaking oa Thursday night, there WM a hum and a bnx, and a chattering and* p^Hc. just as if a Wood, a Grey, or any other right honourable nobody, were gabbling dreanuocntionair nothings. Bat the Viscount's effrontery rises with hie disoosnfiture, though the deration is aot exactly synonymous with loftiness. Eagerness to cause titter by a Mr. Menymaa artifice of the Astley Amphitheatre order haa raidy been shown in a coarser form than bis pantomine action in pointing to the ground, in indicate the nnmfiitionable warm idace as tbe •onror of disturbance among republican governments in general, aad the Mexican'republic in particular. Lord John caught the hilarious contagion at his rival, or at least was infected with the desire to produce hilarity; and when he got S on his reform bobby proceeded to tdl the old e aboat the man who had never played on tbe fiddle, but thought be oould if he tried; and then proceeded with a string of drearily jocular allusions to the sort of performance to be ovpertnd from the ministerial PaganinL This, too, was reeeived with orach applause: aad, ia fact the bouse, by way of a change before death, la ia die mood to make all things, pleasant to everybody in it, which may account, lor the displeasure of those ontrade, for vaqr. displeased indoed ia his nu^esty the public.*— ZsOcntool jlfUfts. A Dooamn. Stoar.—'Xhc Postage Cbunty (OhioJ Drmoercd jpves the particulars t)f th sification of tbe joints of a citizen of that county, a M r. Perkins, now 43 years of age, which certainly is one of the most extraordinary cases we ever hard at Tbe Democrat says. a Unt was eleven yean old he enjoyed robust health. At that time tbe family had removed to Kirtland, Lake County, in this 8tate. In Jnne of the year he was eleven he was thrown frutn bis bone and hart one knoc, and then going into the river to bathe, he took culd ia the inimcd IX TUB *.) part: inflammation ensued, and the cartilages and ligaments were destroyed, and ossification took place. After this had transpired the uninjured knee was attacked with "re-tirn. and finally became coinpletdy oesified. Then joint after joint passed through the ordeal, until he is now in the condition mentioned. - Tbe same disease commenced at the roots of his finger and toe nails. . Tbe nails cameofl; and a new substance, resembling nails, grew out at right angles from bis fingers and toes full half-' aa-inch. His jaws have been set and motionless for 30 years, and his front teeth hats looe- g ened and come out forming an aperture through which he talks and recdvee his food. His ftOd is in all prepared for him in A niuUt manner, and he i uways haa retained a good ^petite,' though be is not gluttonous. Twoity- fbor yean dace he became blind of one eysL and lor S3 yean he has been totally blind. All his other senses remain as pcrfect and acute as those of any other person. ' His limbs remain nearly the use they were when ho was hurt His head,* nock, and body have attained full site. His node is nearly as large as bis head, and .measures nineteen inchcs in circumference, while his wrists measure only four and a-half indies. His weight is about lOiitb*. His body is in a semi-redining twaition, and he is not affected S r beat or cold as much as people are ordinarily. e is always' cheerful, and vciy fond of talking. His intellectual powers are fairly developed for oae in bis position, and his memory excellent. It ia said of him that he can tdl the namee and ages of a huge proportion of the town of Mantna with accuracy. He doea not deep more than persons in ^ood health, and It not troubled with sickness, aside from the disoase which baa taken possession «f him. He talks fredy of deaths and at timea entertains different opinions apon. the subject" Tins 6 B<xtk anmkk" relates a fatal ac which occurred to Mr. Tbomna Belt, yeoman,: while hunting with the Badminton bounds. • His horse, a fine animal, presented by his Grace the Duke ofBMufort. Minted on the opposite side of a bank while leaping, and while atrug- " ig to regain his legs he gave Mr. Bill a blow the head. Mr. Bdl took no particular notice of the matter for a week, when he was sdzed with pains in his head, which gradually grew worse till death took plase. He was U yean of age, and for 40 yean never missed a season without being in the field with his hounds. Jewellery to the valne of more than £1000 waa tarried off a few mornings ago from the premises of a silversmith in Chatham. Tbe ouiglan gained admission at the rear of the premises by scaling a well, after which they attempted to break open the door ooumnmcstin£ with the downstain kitchen. The door being of great strength, aad lined throughout with iron, defied all attempts to break it open.'. Tbe buiglan thai nscd imidemeuta to remove.' the di«or|rjst, and fay means of a crowbar, ado-' idly tun down a considerable portion-of tbe bnck wnll into which tbe ]>osU were ftstencd ' Having accomplished this, tbey easily removed. the two iron ban by which the door was secured, and thus obtained an entrance into the kitchen. Admission to the shop was finally gained by forcing up a " blind" window. A return has been handed in to the House of Lords of the salaries now paid to the recorders of cities and boroughs in England. These salaries vary very much, being in some cases as low as £4 4a. (Durham), and in others OS high as £3,000 (city of London). £40 and £So is a common salary, and aorne recorders receive from XI00 to £500 a year. The recorders of Clitheroe, Aldborongb, Onord and Wdls recdve no salaries at sJL The loorcs of these salaries an chiefly the borough funds. At Wareham tbe mayor kindly pays the recorder "out of his own pocket" the munificent salary of two guineas a year. The Recorder of London receives his £3,000 a year from w the city's cash." How TO SKOU x Font DISPLAY or ROSES.—. To obtain a fine aad continuous display of roses, is a matter worth striving for. Tbey an always acceptable—winter, summer, spring, and aatnmn. After the proper varieties, highly enriched soil is the main secret to success. With-, out this the best kind of perpetnals an little better than June roeea. Some may bring forth an occasional flower in the Call, but nothing like a full blow, and tbe roses theinsdres small and puny. In new plantations, trench up the ground two spades deem aad wonc in at least six inches of thoroughly rotted manure. If it makes the bed too high, cart away some of the poorest of the soiL while spading, incorporate as much as possible the manure «nth thesoiL After the ground is thus prepared, leave it till after a rain, if convenient tii aettle somewhat, then plant yoor rosea. In doing SOL see that it is dons properly, that is, the soil well pulverised, and placed completely about the roots. .If a choice can be had, select those roses that have been dormant during the winter. Yon may then expect a most brilliant display at mMsnmnw, after which they willnroduoeoccasional flowen until tho cool days of fall, when they will prepare to gladden yon again with another rich profusion of flowers. In the case of old plantations, or small specimen roses, too huge to move cunveniently, thoroughly dress them ny layiiur bare their roots, and filling it again with half soil and half rich rotten manure. Incaaedther of these am not done from any cause, the neA best thing is to frequently stir the aoil dnring' summer, and watering every weekwhenihe sou will bear it—that ia when it is not : surcharged, with water—with liquid manure water. Oiv§, a good soaking; enough to reach the >oot% whop it is done. A voy good way to applv artificial manure, is to sprinkle it over die bed just before rain. Ouano or fowl dung of any description is exodlent for the porpoee. June roses, dimbers, and in fact any roses an benefitted by tho above application.—.Prrov Farmer., ft* or WAE rat Fkorannar.— If the thoo^hu of war are unwelooene in England, what a shudder runs through martial bat disgusted Fiance! Much aa that warlike country joffsa the sworvl. it is, notwithstanding true., and perfectly wall known to all who have had an Upportunity ofobserving the habits of theKrencfa ""—"—— that among them the conscription ia —-« the appearance of a arie and lishtfoiltfaetncarBr their stoat Ualiic hearts jNmabfo be allofred to cultivate tbe paternal « m turkMg'in peace, daly aabdividhm the -e»Ute,"suid to soliat with horny hand frum the ungrateful suil as many potatoes as they conrenjently may. Withns Sergeant Kite does tbe work. An unblushing brow, a voluble tongue, almnehof ribbans, and a gallon of aleaednce the young ,ploughman of our agricultural districts aadthe idle artisans of our towns into the ran}?; but they enlist of their own free wilL la Ranee tbey an driven to glory when there is not mux? enough to purchase a remUaaa and bow can a alrench peasant find money enough f Serve lie must, if be draw the fiUal fatal lot. . J"^™ «w witnessed it can forget the anguish of that acencoataide the provinoal afev, when young heroes an taken up from grass I Of course they submit because they cannothdp themsdrca, doo the rod trousers, and in time, what with the friendly hmma, and the regimental land, and tbe pleasun uf being stand at, tiy to petaaade tbemsdvea that they nka the service, which they probably do much in the same sense that aa omnibus bloese eqjoya •his dfcQy tons from Patngr to tbe Bank. Bat wbenthera are threatenings of war, it is then thatiftadistnrfof France at this military manhnrtjrjafS to its mlmhrating point! Tbe effect 4|Mnr«odi with which Lnaia Na^wleon waa pieaaea to inaugurate the opening of UM new Tear must have shut like a spasm through the VChif' e os- of rani France. In what cause waa it ttlt U1 these people wen about to be instructed first hi the mysteries of the goose-step, and eeoondly in tbe far simpler process of getting their il brain* he knocked ant amid the poplan of tbe Lombard plains t Itouald not be very intelligible to them what damage had been done, what insult had been offered to themsdvea or their Emperor He had spoken, however, and the t*iit rerre of destiny must be drained to t very dregs.—Time*. 