ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. do not identify ourselves with the opiniom , of our Correspondents. : To the Editor of the Adver.tiier Sib,—A. correspondent who subscribes himself "JA father," wonders where " the cry.against State Aid will end." I should venture: to tell him it -will end where it began. Government schoolmasters hare nothing to fear, secular education and what is. frequently termed religious instruction, are two very distinct things. All pbilan-' tropists, patriots, and political economists are agreed that it is the duly of the State to pro- Tide a sound education for the rising generation ; stasesmen are coming to the conclusion, that the prevention of crime is less expensive than, the punishment of criminals. Those who are in no nay indifferent to religion," entertain the opinion that the Stale has no right to interiere q ith it, except to protect its professors, in common with the rest nf the community. The most devoted christians, regard Sta'o Aid, and the connection termed Church and Slate, as the greateat curse that could passihly bsfai Christi - • anity. Very earnest Christians think his Satanic Majesty exercised his utmost ingenuity in effecting this union. Historians and candid readers of history, pronounce those earnest Christians to be right. Historical facts loudly proclaim them to he right. The rationalist and the downright aceptia assert the same. State Aid in this colony is a great absurdity, What do we understand by State Aid to religion in Tasmania f The maintenance of certain teachers, whose sentiments are as widely apart from each other as any two extremes can possibly be. The politician who would advocate the continuance of such a 6tate of things ia undrskrving of the name he bears. ThB people's representative must forget his position, when be supports the continuance of State Aid, as it is understood among us. Religion, when rightly understood and duly regarded bj its professors, will be properly austained The sincere and talented minister of religion can have nothing tn fear, if he has collected round him a flock who can appreciate his services.Theman who has engaged in religion and who has not secured aucli * flack, the sooner he abandons the work the letter. The Church will do better without than with him, and he may be mtisfied that he was never designed by the Great Jeho- •ah for the office into which he thrusts himself, or into which he was thrust by mistaken friends. The people's representatives ought to remember that their duties consist in the making eflaws with the view of securing our aocial welfare, and the raising of a revenue for the maintenance of the public service, and that this last should be done in the least oppressive manner, and with the most rigid economy. It is strange—yea, passing strange what vagaries occupy men's minds sometimes ! It is but a short time ago when Mr Chapman expressed himself in favor of the discontinuance of this absurdity, to which I have referred, and afterwards he would have had us think that Ben termed religious teachers are a black police whose services cannot be dispensed with by the State. By the bye, he would remove them altogether from State control, and yet he would tax the public for their support. The people of Italy complained of Austrian rule or rather misrule, but it it were worse than what Mr Chapman would impose upon us, we cannot blamn Vic. tor Emanuel for hpvicg invoked the aid of the French despot to chastise the Austrian tyrant. If religious teaching in to form a part of • ar Tasmanian policy,let a commission beinatituted, and let true religion be defined, and if the teachers of religion are te constitute our black coated police, let the commisioners be fully sati-fied that the men they appoint are up to the mark—that they ore correct in the sentimen's they arc expected to inculcate; tint their dispositions, manners, and acquirements are such as to secure for them the respect and attention of the people, where they are to he located. If this is not done, •nd there are sodalities among us, who think that the present staff of religious teachers, ought to be supported, let them raise sustentation funds among themselves for this purpose, but let no general tax he imposed upon us while the united voice of the public is against it. ''A Father" mav rest satisfied, that if the Church of England, support their own ministers, and the Churches of Rome and of Scotland do the same, the Church of Christ, will progress more fully, than if all were dependent unon license fees, or w' BDirit, or beer taxes, (afe, or eten taxes upon tea and sugar,) for their support. He need not be afraid that the people will cry out against the diffusion of education in the public ff.hools, or of useful knowledge in'McchanicB' or Working-mea's Institutes' "A father may have nson whom he may desire to ses in the Ministry, and maintained at the public expenRe, and that son may be taught to a/Brra that he is moved by the Holy Ghost to takff upon himself the office of a Christian teacher, but if he has no better motive than merely to obtain a stipend out of the Treasury Chest, it were much better for him, that he were never born, and he •would be estaamed more by the Great Head of the Church, if he wero an ordinary grave diggei, or a Corporation stone breaker, than •such a Minister. Tours, SINE? CLIEICUS. 