DR. CAHILL ON THE ENGLISH PRESS. The Blessings of the Reformation. The smallest untoward fact connected with the social, political, or religious character of the Papal dominions, or Naples, or the Duchies, is laid hold of by the English press during several years past with an appetite in journalism similar to the voracious ferocity of a wolf stealing on a sheepfold. The city of Perugia is just now the scene wherein several of ' the London dailies' attack the Pope, the Church, Catholicity, the Clergy, and the ignorance and the immorality of the universal Papal flock. The Editor of the Times is the Commander-in-Chief in this anti-Popish warfare. How strange is it that England takes such an absorbing interest in the Catholic affairs of all Italy! She commissions her statesmen to ex amine the prisons of Naples: she employs military missioners to preach to the people of Tuscany : she sends cabinet ministers to Rome, to encourage the citizens in their opposition to the Roman govern ment : during the last forty .five years she has dis turbed the entire Peninsula with a preconcerted and matured scheme of revolution. All the Italian forms of government are denounced as the very definition of despotism : the people are described as down trodden slaves, ignorant brutes, immoral wretches : while the clergy are represented as an ecclesiastical police, or besotted hypocrites. England has at different times sent Engineers into Italy, who have taken the elevation of the Italian jails above or below the level of the Mediterranean sea! her agents have even measured the dimensions of the cells and the beds of the prisoners! and some of her first statesmen have accurately examined the food, the handcuffs, the chains of the convicts'. Everyman banished for crime from the Peninsula is welcomed in England: and every priest expelled from the country is paraded through all the English cities and towns, honored as a national guest, and wor shipped as a martyr! His disobedience to the Pope is his passport to fame in London : his ecclesi astical censures are his highest testimonials: and his abuse of the church and the altar from which he was excommunicated,are received as the most convin cing proofs of his learning, morality, and virtue! Every one throughout the Christian world who has studied this conduct in England towards Italy, is fully convinced of the strict statistical truth of every word I have here written of this palpable unceasing assault of the British cabinets, the British press, and the English people, against the temporal and spiritual supremacy of the Pope, as well as against the discipline and doctrines of the Catholic Church. Perugia is just now the historic spot which awakens British ' sympathy for the inhabitants, and supplies additional evidence of the ' savage tyranny of the Court of Rome !' This Perugia is a city of some' .thirty' or forty thousand in population, is about ninety miles from Rome ;. and, till the Eng lish spies had. corrupted the people, was even re. markable for its civic subordination, its Papal vene ratibn, and Catholic fervent piety. In the present political ferment in Italy, the English party there urged the evil spirits of the town to throw off the Papal authority, to hoist the tricolor flag, and bar ricade the city gates, and to set at defiance the Ro. man troops. Only think of Waterford or Galway (when the French landed at Killala), tearing down the arms of George the Third, hoisting the French Dog, wearing the white cockade, barricading the streets, and preparing to resist the English soldiers. Is there any Irishman so forgetful of English ven gennce as not to know the result ! Let the women, the eight hundred women butchered at the Bull Ring in Wexford, answer this question, and thus gag the mouth of the Times in its strictures on Papal mili tary 'severity. The conduct of the Perugians was a most wanton, a most ungrateful, a most unprinci pled movement, commenced and maintained by strangers from Tuscany, and by the very scum of their own population. And, the lies of the English Press have been over and orer contradicted by the official report of Rome — namely, that while ten of the Swiss Guards were killed and thirty-six wounded by the insurgents, the Perugians had only forty killed and thirty-two wounded. No language can sufficiently express the moderation of the Swiss Colonel, who had so restrained the soldiers under such provocation from fatigue, hunger, and the death of their companions, that the moment the firebrands fled he stopped the effusion of blood. The virtuous portion of the townspeople instantly offered their submission, entreated forgiveness, declaring it was the act of some few miscieants who terrified thecity into subordination and resistance. This explanation will settle the affair at Perugia, which has been magnified by the English Press into a great battle : where the rebels are represented as sucking doves, nnd the Swiss Guards as savage murderers; where the inhabitants are described as chained in bleeding tyranny, and the Pope rioting in sanguinary vengeance! Can the English Press forget the sentence of the law, passed in Clonmel, in the year 1848, namely, to have men 'drawn, hanged, and quartered,' for merely intending to do what the Perugians have actually done ! And, above all, can the English Press so soon lose the recollection of the thrilling fact where six hundred and forty Sepoys, during the late mutiny in India, were seized, placed in batches of twenties and thir ties, and shot down for disobedience to military discipline, and for killing their Colonel. The day is fast approaching when England will be compelled to abandon this system of conspiracy in foreign countries, and to cease this habit of national lies Public exposure is the only weapon we can em ploy ; and, as our duties in all these cases are merely defensive, the Irish writers are culpable in the last degree of guilt if they neglect to place be fore, tho nations of Europe the concerted perfidy of the British Cabinets, and the reckless falsehoods of tho British Press. As long as the British press confine their misre. presentation to the political liberties of tho Catholic States, one can afford to listen and be silent over this stereotyped lie of English journalism ; but when these, writers speak of the ignorance, the immorality, the irreligion of Italy, those fabulous statements must be met with an unsparing exposure, and the character of England fully exhibited in this regard. This historical resistance is adopted on our part, not with a view of making England better, more truthful, more tolerant : no. This position is taken by us solelv for the object of cautioning Catholics against this English deception, and to prepare them for be lieving, in their very consciences and their inmost souls, that whenever Catholicity is concerned, one hundred parts of English statements contain about ninety -nine of these -parts of the grossest lies, the foulest inventions, that ever fell from the lips or escaped from the pens of the most unprincipled men of any age or country. . To reclaim historical Pro testantism is a vain task ; but to preserve historical Catholicity is a glorious work. To silence the lies of English journalism is the labour of several coming centuries. Perhaps this consummation may never be accomplished ; but to continue and to perpetuate true Catholic records may be a work successfully carried out by a few earnest men in every age. The peculiar character of England in the pre mises referred to, is always to charge other countries with the vices and the faults with which she herself stands impeached and guilty before all mankind. This device has worked very well for her up to the prespnt time; foreign nations have been deceived by it ; and her own people have been made blind to the national: mistakes, the national mislegislation, the national vices.' By always praising liberty, crying up morality, and apostrophising the Gospel, a stranger is apt to conclude that England must be the terrestial Elysium. A foreigner cannot be made to believe that in England those laws, and practices, and faith,, are not found, which the whole nation seems so. much to venerate, admire, and love. But when he resides some time in Lon don and Dublin, be will learn to bis surprise and indignation, that-this liberty is (to millions of sub jects) a mere word on parchment: that the igno rance and the immorality of the English masses is far and away below the lowest type of European civilization : and that the possession of evangelical perfection is a mere clap-trap to cover an amount of mischief and infidelity unknown in ths' same territorial area in all Christendom. The device in this historical stratagem is as follows: — Firstly, to praise the school training of the labouring classes in England, although they are (from statistical re ports) the most ignorant classes in Europe. Se condly, to laud the morality of the same classes, although (from accurate Parliamentary inquiries) they are sunk in the very mire of the lowest criminal sensuality. Thirdly, to elevate to the very skies the evangelical purity of faith of the people, although the churches are empty, and avowed in fidelity is professed by tens and hundreds of thou sands, as proved by repeated Government com. missions. Fourthly, the Gospel is said to be preached to the people of the United Kingdom, although nearly three fourths of the United King dom refuse to hear it. And fifthly, the same Gospel is said to be given to the people free as the Saviour delivered it to men, -although we all know that the Protestant Establishment receive for this preaching, from England, Ireland, and Wales, the enormous sum of upwards of eight millions pounds sterling a year ! It is exceedingly painful to any sensitive mind and generous heart, to oollect and exhibit the faults and immoralities of a nation : in some cir cumstances it is as nauseous an office as to publish the vices of individuals. But when a whole national press upbraid Catholicity with crimes of which, through all the centuries, she has never been guilty, it becomes the imperative duty of the Catholic historian not only to repel the malicious calumny, hut, even more, to strip political Protes tantism naked, and to exhibit its hideous deformities and running sores to the gaze of public horror. On the lieing aggressor, and not on the honest truthful advocate of the living and the dead, be the odium of this anatomical demonstration. The following few quotations and rigid data, taken from heaps of printed proofs, will serve to establish the .accuracy of the statements made in the foregoing parts of this letter :— Firstly, then, Lord John Russell, in the year 1854, in referring to the report on the education of the working classes, stated that '.thirty-five persons in every hundred could neither read nor write: and that ignorance was incredible, and crime incalcu lable, amongst the masses of the labouring people.' Secondly — Lord Macaulay, in alluding to the character of the working class, has written ' that they are savages in the midst of civilization, and Pagans in the midst of Christianity.' Thirdly — The statistical report of church atten dance in England states ' that only one-third of the Protestant population attend church on Sundays in Liverpool, and all the north of England towns : that the average attendance in the churches of the city of London is not fifty persons on Sundays : that the labouring poor of the artizan classes never enter the Protestant church there : and that there are at the least five hundred thousand persons in London who profess no religion whatever in this evangelical Protestant capital.' Fourthly — The Bishop of London, in his place in the House of Lords, has called on Parliament for protection against what he has called ' the flood of prostitution which threatens to deluge the city, and to sweep away all the landmarks of morality and religion : saying at the same time, that the number who there lived on the wages of sin could not be much less than one hundred thousand persons.' Fifthly — Reverend Mr. Jones, in his evidence before a committee of the House of Commons, has stated ' that in London there were at least forty-nine conventicles of persons openly professing Deism.' Sixthly — The Congregation 'of, Lay Preachers called 'the beginners'. have issued placards which. I have already published in this Paper, calling on the London tradesmen and labourers, who refuse to attend the churches there, to come to their meetings on Sunday mornings, where the placard makes the folloiving announcement, which my pen would refuse to write except for the purpose of again awakening the attention of all those who may. read this article to the frightful condition of Protestantism in these countries, viz. : — : On next Sunday— 'The fable of the apple and original sin.' On Sunday week, ' The Mesmerism of the Egyptians — Character of Moses.' On Sunday fortnight, ' Character of Wellington contrasted with Napoleon.' 'On Sunday three weeks, ' Character of Wash ington, as contrasted with Christ ! !' In fact, the city of London is one universal sink, where infidelity is professionally taught — where every vice is professionally practised — where tho Protestant clergy have lost all influence over the masses uf the lower order of the people—where tho churches are empty, the Gospel a money swindle, and religion a mere party trick, There is no con. cealing this patent fact; the poisonings, the' mur- ders, the suicides, add their thrilling evidence to this awful detail ; while the Court of Probate and Divorce reveals a cess-pool of infamy, a sea of opprobrious Protestant scandal, which has never been surpassed, and can -never be equalled in all tho future turpitude of Christendom; Let. (he tender just read tho following- notices of adultery and matrimonial separation for the trials of one day. namely, the 25th of last May. Fortunately, the pleadings are not published, as in such a case a school of seduction would be operied in this court, which would teach crime beyond the appalling records of ancient Sodom : — ' Law Notices. — (this day.) pull court foil divorce and matrimonial causes, Westminster, (Before Lord Campbell, the Lord Chief Baron, and the Lord Judge Ordinary.) 1\. Astrope v. Astrope ; 2. Peckover v. Peokover ; S. Braham v. Miller ; 4. Oliver v. Oliver. j 5. Hurst v. Parker; C. Brunell v. Brunell j 7. Hall u. Hall ; 8\. Laws v. Laws j v. Popplewell v. Popplewell ; 10\. Smith v. Turner; 11. Hearne v. Hearne ; 12. Jones v. Jones ; 13. Turner v. Gill ; 14. Withers v. Withers; 15. Pulley v. Pulley; 16. Spencer v. Spencer; 17. Dyson «. Djson ; 18. Hooke v. Hooke; 19. Benbough v. Benbough ; 20. King v. King : 21. Braines v. Braines ; 22. Hamer v. Hamer; 23. Gwyn v. Gwyn ; 24. Stead v. Stead ; 25\. Walker v. Walker; 2G. Brittain v. Brittain ; 27\. Canning v. Canning; 28. Tolpey v. Tolpey; 29\. Bevan v. Bevan ; 30. Ryland v. Ryland ; 31\. Horton *.. Horton ; 32. Yearsley o.Yearsley; 33\. Bennell v. Bennell ; 34. Walton v. Walton ; 35. Palmer v. Palmer; 36. Howard v. Howard; 37\. Hunter v. Hunter; 38. Wilks v. Wilks ; 39. Wilks; 40. Lutwiche; 41. Cox; 42. Mure ; 43. Hall; 44. Walker; 45. Potts; 46. Cramp ; 47. Gibson; 48. Tomkins ; 49. Sealy ; 50. Gogs; 51\. Devereux ; 52. Groves ; 53. Dax ; 54. Hunter ; 55\. Stoakes; 56. Sadler; 57. Oxley; 58. Croker; 59\. Lee; 60. Stanmoe; 61. Palmer; 62. Styrin ; 63\. Nelson ; 64. Holmes ; 65. Hawker ; 66. Hooke ; 66. Harris ; 68. Dyer ; 09. Hancock ; 70\. Shewara ; 71. Terraen ; 72. Pelliot ; 73. Hoarej 74. Hnggett; 75. Egg; 76. Russell ; 77. Chandler; 78. Telemague ; 79. Cousins; 80. Castlewood ; 81. Curwood ; 82. Wales; 83. Allen; 84\. Charter; 85. Berwick ; 86. Tongue ; 87. Polkinghorn ; 88. Kechnie ; 86. Hasu-ell ; 90. Millson ; 91. Sanderson; 92. Boyd ; 93. Phillips; 94\. Marsden ; 95. Laurence ; 96. Manton ; 97. Field ; 98. Leech ; 99. Wrighton ; 100. Holmes ; 101\. Alexander; 102.. Brown; 103. Herney; 104. Worner; 105. Lord Ribblesdale; 106. McDon. aid; 107. Rogers ; 108. Soden ; 109. Rowley; 110\. Vaughan; 111. Weatherhead ; 112. Hughes; 113\. Griffiths ; 114. Thomas; 115. Wilton; 116. Evans; 117. Cook; 118. Penson ; 119. Geoffrey; 120\. Pritchard; 121. Coles; 122. Matthews; 123. Neal; 124. Biller; 125. Green ; 126. Smith ; 127. Evans; 128. Parker; 129. Wood; 130. Loyd; 131\. Row; 132. Page; 133. Bacon ; 184. Bag gott ; 135. Bannister ; 136. Fuller ; 137. Gapp ; ' 138\. Cromellin ; 139. Buckingham; 140. Allen; 141\. Naeb; 142. Boynton ; ' 143. Pearman; 144. Cook; 145. Lupton ; 146. Jones; 147. Davis; 148\. Wells; 149. Coulson; 150. Bell ; and 151. The Most Hon. the Marquis of Anglesea. What a catalogue ! What a Church is this di vinely- inspired Protestant Church ! coupling con gregations to-day, separating, them to-morrow ! Marrying them in holy matrimony to-day, dissolv ing this holiness in crime to-morrow ! Uniting souls in the Holy Ghost to-day, separating them in the Holy Ghost to-morrow ! The Bishop blessing them to-day, the Chancellor and the Beadle separating them to. morrow! What a divine institution is this Church, which divinely ties and divinely unites, as it might be, on the same day. Take it, all in all, Clergy, Bishops, tithes, doctrines, practices, and people, and who could recognise in the entirety of the spiritual fabric the marks, thounmiot^Iioablo marks, of the pure faith, the rigid discipline, and the exalted sanctity of the Church established on earth by Christ, to purify the soul, to cleanse the heart, and to earn from God the reward of salvation. Surely no advocate of that Establishment can feel hurt by quoting on this subject, the speeches, the writings of Statesmen — by publishing the reports of Commissioners, the Extracts of Parliamentary in quiries, and by reissuing the records of the Court of Probate. But let any man of candour and impar tiality lay his hand to his heart and say, has any one ever read such statements of the Church of God on earth ? or would not one rather look on this society as a congregation of men banded together to corrupt mankind, and speaking doctrines which, so far fiom improving the soul, would rather tend to weaken faith, and to efface even the very divinity of the new law ? Would it not be far wiser in England to mind her own affairs than interfering in the concerns of others ? and would not her ministers, her tourists, her his torians, her journalists have a more profitable em ployment in watching over the interests of London than Rome; in correcting English vice rather than Roman faults ; in healing old wounds rather than inflicting new ones ; and in binding together in one brotherhood all the people of this country of all de nominations, rather than in sowing discord, writing sectarian lies, publishing .the vilest calumnies, and dividing into hostile factions the various classes of Irish, English, and Scotch, in nlace of uniting our common strength against perhaps a trial of foreign assault. The statesmen who refuse justice to their Catholic fellow-subjects are the greatest enemies of the throne; and the writers who defame our Church and people are conspirators against the peace of so ciety, the interest of true religion, and the stability of the crown. Wltencver this English discord is preached or written there will always be found pens of fire to defend the Old Church, and to confound the malicious apostacy of her enemies. Thursday, July 7. D. W. C. Glen Innes.— Brown filly, ExR. Chesnut horse, white face, white feet, rj and W sideways near shpulder. Brown colt, star and snip, near hind foot white. Black mare, near hind foot white, M near hip, A near shoulder; black filly foal at foot. Chesnut mare, blaze on face, _^P or R near shoulder. Chesnut horse, blaze on face, 3 white feet, saddle marked, grey hairs in tail, T off neck, JP off shoulder, MC over — near shoulder. Black mare, hind feet white, blaze, A near thigh ; black filly foal at foot. To be sold on the 8th of Oc to . ber. Tamworth. — Red and white cow, STIT near ribs, DC off ribs. Red steer, X near shoulder. Red and white steer, H H off ribs. Brindle poley cow, MP over 9 off rump. Yellow sided bullock, qM near rump. Strawberry bull calf, 6 months old. White poley working bullock, black neck, HM near ribs. Red and white bullock, ISH near rump. Red and white bullock, N near ribs, WN near rump, split ears. Black cow. White heifer, split ears ; calf at foot. White cow, red cheeks, WA off rump and ribs; a white bull calf ut foot, red cheeks. Red bullock, KK over M and }j under near iump. Red and wWte cow, F near rump ; calf at foot. Red bullock WHS off ribs, CH or GH near ribs. . Red *nd white heifer, HO off rump. Strawberry snail horn bullock, near ear split. Red and white cow, O off rump, near ear split. White steer, W over W near ribs. To be sold on the 10th instant. Stroud. — Red and white pjley cow, VMP over JC off ribs, large star in forehead ; a brindle and white bull calf.at foot. To be sold on the 10th inst. Gouluurn. — Brown mare, mealy muzzle, saddle marked, N near shoulder, off hind foot white, about .14 hands high; a black horse foal by her side. Chesnut mare, P o\er B near shoulder, 15 J hands high. Bay yearling colt, 40 near shoulder. To be sold on the 17th instant. Marulan.— Briudle bullock, white back and belly; To be sold on the 14th instant. 