THE MINING BOARD AND THE LEASING REGULATIONS. THE Mining Board have adopted a repov', agreed to by the Committee elected for that purpose last week, upon the last Leasing Regulations, and have dealt very properly with some of the imperfections manifest in this last piece of amateur mining leases patchwork. Oil some of the suggestions made by the Board we have a few ' observations to make. And first we will remark that in our opinion the Board were scarcely justified in dealing with the rumored labor basis "drag upon the wheels" of leasing, as if it was part and parcel of the gazetted Regulations. The Board has surely enough to do in dealing with acknowledged blunders, which stalk abroad in the noonday of the Gaxelte, without hunting for ghosts of Go vernment absurdities iu the instruotion-haunted office of the Warden. We don't know,-nobody knows,-that the labor basis of four men to an acre is anything more than a dismal apparition hatched in the brain of a Resident Warden, dis ordered by much leasing. It is scarcely worth while in the Mining Board or the Press wasting powder and shot in firing at a shadow. The labor basis will, wo feel confident, turn out to be the baseless fabrio .of a vision. At all events, we will not believe in its bodily existence until we see it in print. The remarks of the' Mining Board upon the subject of the area of quartz leases under the new regulations, are, we think, founded upon a miscon ception, but one which any one may very easily fall into who is not accustomed to pick his way, gin gerly, amidst Government traps and pit-falls. The members of the Board seem to have over looked the fact that the condition that the area shall not in length exceed twice the breadth is subject to " exceptions hereinafter mentioned," that is to say, to the freedom of conscience and of action given in the special clauses which arc so excessively latitudiuarian that any one or all of the regulations may, as it seems to us, be snipped or expanded at the pleasure of any one in authority under cover of these essentially saving clauses. Wo have always understood, however,' on no better but on no worse authority than the rumor of the labor basis rests upon, that under the amended leasing regulations the areas taken up for quartz mining will, although reduced into aores, bo still governed by a maxi mum and minimum of width, and adjusted within those limits according to the wishes of the intending leaseholder. As to the subjection of lessees to any laws which may now be in existence, or may hereafter be made in respect to drainage, the Mining Board, is quite right in calling the attention of the Government to this important subject. But this is one of those things which, we take it, are not to be accomplished without an amend ment of the Goldfields' Act. Let the Mining Board, or any other duly constituted authority, have the power of assessing all occupied aurife. rous ground to any rates it may levy for drainage purposes, and it will not be necessary to make regulations or to insert a special clause in the leases to compel payment and obedience. Let the Mining Board, or any other Board, once possess this power of assessing all, whether lease holders or claimants under the miner's right, and lessees will have to pay drainage fees just as all other tenants of the Crown (with the excep tion of Government officers living rent free in the Sandhurst Camp) have to pay Municipal rates. However this may be we are glad that the Mining Board have had their say in respect to the new Regulations, the more so because we think it very likely that their suggestions will bo adopted, at all events to the ear and to the eye ; for it is a strange thing that the Government seems to have uo idea or policy of its own upon this most important question of leasing j unknown illuminati in Melbourne, deputations of anybodys or of nobodys, M.L.A.s', Wardens, Justices of the Peace, and now then a Mining Board, here and there, all in turn, find the Government equally squeezable. Now especially that the elections are on the Chief Secretary and the Solicitor General are unusually amiable and deferential to public and even private opinion ; they are all smiles and courtesy ; butter would not melt in their mouths, as the vulgar phrase goes, and their most offensive negative is that perpetual "yes," which is at everybody's service. Let the Mining Board, therefore, go in with a good heart, and we shall be very much surprised if it do not get a civil answer and a decided assent to all its sug gestions-aud so will the next comer, even if he swears black agaiust the Mining Board's white. Of a verity we livo in pleasant latitudinarian times. 