THE FIRE IN CASTLEREAGH-STREET. As notified in our last issue, a destructive fire broke out on the premises occupied by Messrs. Holt, M'Cor mack, and Angus, coachbuilders, of Castlereagh-street, at about half-past three o'clock on Saturday morning. Shortly after the time stated, a young man named Cargo, residing in the premises adjoining, on rising to get a drink of water, noticed a smell of fire, and on in- | vestigating into the cause of it, observed smoke issuing from one of the workshops at the rear of the premises in the occupation of the coachbuilders above-men- tioned. The alarm was at once given, and in a short time a large body of the foot police, and mounted troopers, under the superintendence of Mi. Inspector Higgins, together with an immense crowd of other persons had assembled at the scene. A considerable time elapsed before any fire-engine waa on the spot ; and, unfortunately, when the first (the Fire Insurance Company's) engine, under the superintendence of Mr. Bown, arrived; and the fire-plugs drawn, there was not sufficient water to keep an engine in operation ; consequently, it had to be removed into Pitt-street, where, owing to the larger size of the main, an abundance of water was procurable. Subsequently, there were several other engines in at- tendance-a Bniall one, the property of Mr. A. Moore, recently placed at the disposal of the No. 2. Volunteer Fire Company ; No. 1. Volunteer Company's engine, from Pitt-street South ; No. 2. Volunteer Company's large engine, from Phillip-street North, and two other of the Insurance Company's engines, a large one kept at Wright's brewery, and a small one kept at the Police Office. When the engines once began to play upon the fire, the flames were speedily extinguished. All the engines were not brought into active operation, as it was not found necessary. It is believed that if a sufficiency of water had been obtained when the first engine arrived in Castlereagh- street, the fire would have been speedily brought under, and a large portion of the property damaged by that means preserved. With regard to the origin of the fire, tlittle or nothing is known beyond the fact that the flames were first seen to issue from one of the workshops. One gentleman belonging to the firm went to the theatre on Friday evening, and when he' returned about- twelve p.m. there was no appearance of fire. Another gentleman, Mr. Angus, was at a party at the house of a friend in the neighbourhood, and when he returned at two a.m., and went through the shop and premises, he did not see any indications of fire. Fortunately, before the flames had spread far, the police, with the assistance of other persons, succeeded in dragging out a number of carriages and other vehicles which, for the most part, were uninjured. Four entire carriages only were destroyed, besides a considerable quantity of valuable portions of carriages which were being repaired. The total value of the property destroyed or damaged is estimated at £2000. The premises and stock (separately) were partially in- sured in the Alliance Fire and Life Assurance Office, the amount insured for being £1200. A large quantity of tools belonging to the workmen employed on the establishment were unfortunately consumed in the conflagration. > The property surrounding that on which the fire occurred does not appear to have sustained much in- jury; but the premises of Mr. Dick, at the rear, and of Mr. Cargo, on the south siae, were slightly damaged. Part of the premises at the rear in the oc- cupation of Mr. Sly, were fortunately saved from in- jury by pulling down the building immediately ad- joining as soon as the flames had spread to it. The appearance presented on the spot on Saturday, Where the devouring element had raged so fiercely a few hours earlier, was that of a contrólete wreck-a blackened mass of charred timber, with the sheets of iron that had formed the roof being all that remained of the workshops. The front show shop only was left standing, and that, save the windows, was but slightly damaged. LivEnrooi BIRLE SOCIETY.-The annual meeting I of the Branch Association of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Wednesday evenine last, in the large room of the house formerly known as Armstrong's Union Inn, which had been kindly offered for the purpose by Mr. Whiteman. The room was well filled, and there were at the door several partie« unable to gain admission. The chair was taken by Mr. W. H. Lane, and the proceedings of,the meet- ing, which were commenced with the reading of the Scriptures and with prayer, were of a very interesting character. The Rev. Stanly Mitchell, who had for a considerable period filled the post of treasurer to the society, gave us the result of his experience, during his recent visit to Palestine, a pleasing description of the impressions produced by Bible truths when read and meditated upon amid the scenes in which they were delivered, or to which they referred. The Rev. Mr. Amos, who .had spent the best years of his life a missionary in the Friendly Islands, gave a very animated account of the obligations of every Christian mission to this great society, and of the happy effect of the circulation of the pure word of God amongst the people of Tongataboo. The Rev. Mr. Hodgson, of Munn College, spoke of the inestimable blessings which had attended the circulation of the Scriptures by the society. A striking contrast between resulta produced by " the Bible without the missionary," and " the missionary without the Bible," was drawn by the Rev. R. L. King, who also adverted to the con- nection of the Bible Society with the "little work" mentioned in Rev. x. The Rev. Thomas Hassall de- clared his unabated attachment to the eause of the society, and referred to several instances in which the Scriptures had evinced their power as the word of God. Dr. H. H. Brown and Mr. R. S. Walker also took part in the proceedings. The collection at the door of the meeting amounted to £5 Is. 9d. THE PASTORAT,.-The peroration of Archbishop Polding's pastoral, as published in the Herald of the 8th instant, contains a typographical transposition of two lines, which we correct. The conclusion ought to run as follows :-" Gird yourselves then to the task ; you see your calling and your privilege. We are but interpreting to you the providence of our divine Master. The responsibility of providing for more clergy centres indeed in the Archbishop, but it .embraces in its obligation every priest in his own dis- trict., Accept we entreat you then our Lard's invita- tion. ' The fields are white for the harvest.' Let the self-devotion of the few reapers who are now here call forth many fellow-labourers. May the Everlast- ing God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, inspire and bleBS the labour of your hands and hearts. Amen." THE AaiucuLTuitAL ASSOCIATION -The prelimi- nary proceedings in the organisation of an agricultural association in the Northern districts are progressing in a very satisfactory manner. A meeting of the com- mittee appointed at the late public meeting was held on Thursday afternoon. It was announced by the chairman that the subscribers already numbered as many as 120. After some discussion as to the most appropriate name for the society, it was resolved, ?' That this association be styled the Hunter River Horticultural and Agricultural Association." A sub- committee was appointed to prepare rules and regula- tions, to be submitted to a meeting of the general com- mittee, and arrangements were made for calling a meeting of subscribers for the election of officers-the secretary being instructed to request his Excellency the Governor-General to allow himself to be made president-Maitland Mercury. ' SEALINQ LETTERS.-Persons forwarding letters by the overland mail should never secure them with sealing-wax. In the hot latitudes the wax melts and adheres to the next letter, and sometimes several letters become thus fastened together, so that it is impossible to separate them witnour tearing or defac- ing them. In India the Post-office authorities found it necessary some years since to refuse letters fastened with wax. It is not quite so " genteel," but for the Post-office a little gum or a wafer is the ptoper thing. THI WSATIHB IK ErranND.-The heat of the weather durlnr. ho la»t week, bat especially from the 10th to the ISth, ha» been feltwlth almost unparalleled Intensity in the metropolis. It wss so terrible on the 12th that several ease» of death from sunstroke are reported to have taken place at the east end of London and the suburban diitriets. Two men were at work in »Heldat Stratford, when they were suddenly prostrated to tbe ground by the extreme heat, and remained inaeneihl* Air some minutes. A medical gentleman wa» sailed, fcut the two unfortunate men were dead. The immodiute cause of death was congestion of the einnging to the metropolitan police foree have been compelled to relinquish their duties; and many have complained to their su- perior offljers of the pata they endure through wearing their heavy stiffened military stocks, which are constructed of leather. Several persons, while walking in the Eegem's Park, Hyde Park. St. James's Park, and VIotoria Park, were taken ill from the powerful effects of the sun. Two inquests have held nt Shore ditch and Poplar, on the bodies of person» who had died from the oppressive heat of the weather, which seems to haye produoed exhaustion, from whioh the patients gradually sank and died. Nor have the fatal results been eonBned to London. At Birmin«, him a young lady died from the effects of coup de soleil. Sbo was »truck about half-past 12 o'clock, and expired about 5 the same ACCIDENT FROM FIRE-ARMS.-About three weeks since a young man named Alexander Ferguson, son or a farmer of Wollombi, was firing off a gun, when, unfortunately, it exploded, and blew the breech off. Some portion of the fragment struck him on the forehead, making a small wound, which stupified him for the moment. He went about his work as usual for a few days, but his head becoming affected he was obliged ultimately to come to the hospital. On Friday last the operation of trephining was per- formed upon him, and about 3 ounces pus taken from the wound. It is expected that some fragment of the gun must be in the cavity of the skull. The wound is very small, but goes directly to the brain. Ferguson is in a very precarious state.-Maitland Mecury. 