GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. [From the Government Gazette of Thursday, Dec, 22.] HOLIDAYS. On the undermentioned days the Public Offices will be closed, in observance of the usual holidays, viz. : On Monday, the 26th instant, as Christmas Day, which falls on the preceding Sunday. On Wednesday, the 28th instant, being the anniversary of the foundation ot the colony. On Monday, the 2nd January next, as New Year's Day, which falls on the preceding Sunday. IMPOUNDING NOTICES. Impounded at the Public Pound, North Rhine-One brown or black colt, star in forehead, long tail, T near shoul- der ; one iron grey filly or mare, like A with <-* over and G under off shoulder; one black yearling filly, star in forehead, H olf shoulder; one bay filly, like I) over 2 off shoulder ; one chesnut colt, 2 off shoulder; one bay horse, switch tail, white spot on back, white on forehead and nose, white hind legs, like M with other brand near shoulder, like HD conjoined with - above and under off shoulder ; one iron grey year- ling filly, white in face, near hind fetlock white, like B off shoulder ; one black horse, white spot on back, fore fetlock white, like T with ^ over and TH under near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. C. DANSIE, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Mount Crawford, Section 636-One blue and white cow.uo brand visible; one red steer, star in forehead, some white stripis on body, slit off ear, RC off ruinp. If not claimed, will be sold January" 16, i860, at noon. ROBERT MITCHELL, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Moorundee-One big flea bitten grey horse, like JP conjoined with WR conjoined under it on near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. WILLIAM NOTT, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Dry Creek-One red cow, white belly, small red spots, small star, short down horns, like HH conjoined with ~ over near rump, like J with ~ over off rump, like 640 off ribs, oue red and white spotted heifer, calf by side. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. GEORGE TAYLOR, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, King's Belt, near the Shea Oak Log-One yellow and white cow, branded like 4 near ribs, notch in near ear, blaze in forehead, like -- within circle near rump, HP near loin ; one strawberry cow, cock horns, brown ears, like ffl off rump, ¡£ off back, HP near loin. If not claimed, will be sold January 9, i860, at noon. -One chesnut mare, star in forehead, long tail, off hind fetlock white, no brand visible, with chesnut colt foal at side. If not claimed, will be sold January IG, i860, at noon. SAMUEL SMITH, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Section 411, Hundred of Saddleworth-One black bullock,' cock horns, like W within circle off rump, likeTM near ribs and rump; one brindle and white steer, like JH or JK conjoined off thigh ; one strawberry steer, red neck, like JK conjoined off lump, like x off ribs with illegible brand like num- bers over, like HK conjoined and / or ííf near rump ; one red cow, cock horns, like S off rump, like a>fl off ribs ; one white cow, piece out of both ears, like H oil" rump, like x ¡3 off ribs ; one red poly steer, like x over PS off ribs ; one red steer, bald face, like JK conjoined off rump, like x over 98C oil* ribs ; one red steer, strawberry face, like x over 59 off ribs, like JK conjoined off rump ; one white cow, piece out off and piece off near ear, like illegible brands near libs, like a'off ribs; one red cow, strawberry face like a off rump, like x S off ribs ; one red heifer, white belly and tail, like O or Q reversed near rump ; one red steer, white back, belly, and tail. like O or Q reversed near rump ; one red and white coiv, like K near rump, calf at foot ; one red and white spotted steer, like O or Q reversed near rump ; one red cow, hoop horned, like Vf y over y near ribs ; illegible brand near rump with 2 under ; one red poly äteer, like O or (¿reversed near rump; one bay horse, with head-stall, blotched brand like P with 00 conjoined under near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon, SAMUEL BOYLE, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Kanmantoo Township One red and white steer, like B over a near rump. If not claimed, will be sold Jaunary 10, i860, at noou. PATRICK O'NEILL, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Tungkillo, Section 192 One strawberry cow, Tit near rump, blotched brand like 6 near ribs, with heifer calf at foot; ono strawberry cow, like P-c K near ribs, TD off rump, if not claimed, will be sold January 16,1860, at noon. JOB HOBBS, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Salisbury-One dark brown bullock, branded like G or C near rump, and in low condition. If not claimed, will be sold January 2, i860, at noon, by order of the District Counoil.-One blue and white steer, branded like J. M off > houlder ; one white strawberry poly steer, like R G. off rump. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. -The dark bay horse, advertised last week to be sold January 2nd, i860, should have been to be sold January 9th, i860. WILLIAM JUDD, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Clarendon-One dark red bullock, branded off ribs ; one white bullook, blue about the head, branded like F over a off ribs ; one strawberry bullock, branded like io over 26 near ribs ; one ted bullock, white back and belly, branded like F over 2 near ribs ; one red bullock, branded like D within circle off rump. If not claimed, will be sold January 16.1860, at noon. JAMES WILLIAMS, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Mintaro-One yellow and white bullock, hoop horns, star in forehead, two notches in off ear, JF conjoined near shoulder, ditto near ribs, brush off tail; one brindle cow, cock horns, blotch brand With like H22 under near ribs, like TI or TR near rump, like SA with IS sideways under off ribs ; one white steer, red spots on neck, ribs, and rump, like fjnear ribs, BN near rump ; one red steer, F near shoulder, F near thigh, RW near rump : one ted and white heifer, bald face, about nine months old, no brand visible ; one white bullock, cradle horns, TR near ribs, like JK conjoined top of off ribs, like 106 off rump ; one light brown bullock, cock horns, like CH or GH on horns, M near ribs, B in a oircle near ribs, like TH off rump, TH off thigh, like 226 off ribs, indescribable brand off flank; one red bullock, star in forehead, brush of tail white, top near and slit, AB near ribs; one sheety brindle and white cow, star in fo.-ehead, hoop horns, W off ribs, W off rump; one dark red yearling bull, white belly, no brand visible ; one strawberry steer, TR with like 27 under near ribs, like I near rump ; one dark red cow, short h op horns, G2 near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. GEORGE FAULKNER, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Kooringa, Burra Burra -One yellow bullock, hoop horns, a little white on belly, JT off ribs ; one red steer calf, white on back, belly, legs, and tail, illegible brand off shoulder; one- strawberry steer, red ears and muzzle, like TR off shoulder ; one red heifer, white on back, belly, legs, and tail, two slits in the off ear, no brands visible ; one red heifer, white on belly, like JP over J near rump ; one red bull, white on belly, T near ribs ; one strawberry bullook, hoop horns, FD off rump, 642 off off ribs, like Pi M over SU near ribs ; one red bullook, cock horns, stal- in foiehead, white on belly, both flanks and tail, like *-* over J3 near ribs ; one blue strawberry bull, dark head and neck, like \VG over - near ribs, has a square bell on ; one red bullock, off horn cocked, near horn broken, white on back, belly, legs, and tail, SU near ribs, like wj off rump ; one red bullock, near horn a little cocked, white on' belly and hind feet, like T2 over T, IW under near ribs, F on the near thigh, has a round bell on-, one brindle bullock, cock horns, near ear slit, like CWH over JP near ribs, has a rope and chain on neck ; one yellow and white bullock, hoop horns, like TyR off ribs, TM near rump, like MC over 8 near thigh, like T over L *-. over o with other brands not legible near ribs, T near shoulder, has a piece of hide on neck ; one strawberry bullock, cook horns, W £ on side near libs ; one red and white spotted cow, SE off rump, ~ over T off ribs, like T off shoulder; one red cow, white on back, beliy, legs, and tail, tip off the near horn, a little white on forehead, ES off ribs, lias a red heifer calf, n jt branded. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. D. MACNAMARA, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, One Tree Hill, Munno Para East-One white bullock, dark ears and nose, cock horns, branded likeWW off rump, like lj& or H M near ribs. If not claimed, will be sold January ;6, Jseo, at noon. WILLIAM HAMLIN, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Springfield, in the Hun- dred of Gilbert, Section No. liol-Que dark brawn hors collar marked, branded BB over 141 off shoulder, like H below near shoulder; ono bay mare, branded like JU with x «ver and 3 under near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. THOS. WM. ROLLINGS, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Gawler Town-One roan cow, hoop horns, like B blotched and B with = off riba., like writing N blotched near ribs like W( conjoined; one spotted red and white heifer, like writing B near shoulder. If uot claimed, will be sold January 9, i860, at noon. SAMUEL SERLE, Poundkeeper. Impounded at, the Public Pound, Leasingham, Upper Wakefield^f he red steer, advertised last week, CH over 5 near rump, forked stick on neck, now shows like HH off ribs, and both cars marked. If not claimed, will be sold January 9, 1860, at noon.-One red or yellow and white mottled heifer, cock horns, piece cut off off ear. Hie RB near rump ; one light re 1 or yellow brindle- faced cqiy, t\qap be sold January ±6, i860, at noon. ROBERT HAWKINS, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Angaston-One red bul- lock, uranded Hoff rump, white spots on back; one light red and white spotted heifer, illegible brand likeB near rib«, sht near ear, about two years old -, one red poly heifer, no brand visible, white on rump and belly, about twelve months old. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, lSBu, at noon. R. CUMME, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Section 480, near River- ton, Hundred of Gilbert-One red steer, bald face, white belly, little white on legs, like T with Illegible brand near shoulder; one bay filly, black points, star in forehead, like JF near shoulder. If not claimed, will be s old January 16, i860, at noon. The red and white spotted poly steer, adver- tised last week, with WC near ribs, appears to havo Lf niv.r ribs. HENRY SANDERS, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound. Melrose, near Mount Remarkable-One brown bullock, like 5G with - uu lex near ribs, like G with - under with horse 3hoe and - over near rump, like G with - under near ribs; one light re>i poly steer, white head, ear marked off ear, like cross neat ribs, F off rump, 19 off ribs, T off shoulder ; one blue straw. berry heifer, like J in circle B off rump ; one white steer, off ear slit, blotch brand lIke,B near rump, like brand near ribs ; one strawberry steer, cock horns, ear marked near ear, like EC off rump ; one light red steer, ear marked near ear, like K with r- over near rump, 5 off rump ; one red poly cow, like K with r* over with numbers under near rump, like DAVS off rump, like 8 with K under off ribs ; on.; strawberry heifer, like RW near ribs, like R over 272 off ribs; one strawberry heifer, like T near shoulder, J H near rump, off ear topped ; one red cow, white on back, belly, and hind legs, like T near shoulder, JH near rump, red heifer at her side, no brand visible ; one red and sneikled row, like T near shoulder, J H near rump; one red steer, strawberry flanks, like LL near rump. If uot claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. JOHN MOONEY, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Inverbrackie - One brindle bullock, little white along back, tai!, belly, and Icsrs, off ear slit, like JD off rump, 6 off thigh, 3 off shoulder, in- distinct brand near rump, large horns. If not claimed, will be sold January 16,1860, at noon.-The red and white cow, and brindle cow. advertised last week, like gS near rib*, now appears like gO near ribs. THOMAS HALSTEAD, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Auburn-One brindle heifer, branded RK near rump ; one young red bull, white on belly, star on forehead, near side ear slit, branded like HO near rump ; one red steer, small cock horns, branded like 16 with MD conjoined under near ribs ; one red and white cow, small hoop horns, branded like BBO near rump ; one white heifer, red ears and muzzle, short horns, if branded not visible. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. CHARLES ANSELL, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Hamilton-One straw- berry bullock, off ear marked, uko EM off rump, like Y off ribs, bloteh brand Dear rump ; one red and white spotted bullock, like FD off rump; like IW off thigh, like S with - across near ribs, like 808 off ribs ; one straw- berry bullock, like B near shoulder, like 257 near ribs, like illegible brand near ribs ; one brindle bullock, white back and belly, near ear marked, like HH with WDR under near ribs ; one yellow bullock, illegible brand off rump, like ¡3 off thigh; one red and white spotted bullock, like three JB off ribs ; one yellow bullock, like ~PR near ribs, like PE near ramp, like PK near thigh, like 13 off shoulder; one red bullock, near ear marked, like WB with DE with ~ over under nearshoulder like CBoff ribs, li!:eBoff thigh ; one yellow bullock, off horn down, tip cut off, like F off ribs, like IW off rump ; one white bullock, red card, yellow spots on legs, near ear marked, like UP conjoined near rump; one strawberry bullock steer, brown ears, lope and hobble chain on horns, Uko HE near shoulder, like p with T under off rump ; one red bullock, white belly, both ears marked, like W off rump, like FH off ribs, like FC off ribs; one red heifer, like JH conjoined near rump, like -3 off rump ; one black heifer, like JH conjoined near rump, like >-5 off rump ; one red cow, like JH conjoined near rump, like ^ off rump, calf at foot, like JO off ribs ; oue yellow cow, white back and belly, like AH with S under off thigh; one red steer, like JH conjoined near rump, like ^ off rump ; one yellow aud white bullosk, like TP off ribs, like TS off shoulder ; oue red and white spotted steer, no brand visible ; one chesnut mare, star on forehead, like H near shoulder, saddle marked, foal at foot ; one bay filly, star on forehead, two hind feet white, like 8 near neck ; one bay mare, star on forehead, like JS near shoulder, like OIQ under saddle near side, like WO under saddle off side, foal at foot ; one bay colt, star 011 forehead, like G with P5 under off shoulder; one chesnut horse, star on forehead, two hind feet white, like S near shoulder ; one iron grey filly, white stripe down face, like B near shoulder ; one bay mare, star on forehead, white nostril, uear hind foot white, like T with B under near shoulder -, one dappled grey mare, like W with 12 under near shoulder, like W off shoul- der, foal at foot ; one roau filly, white stripe down face, like JB near shoulder j one bay mare, like S with w under off shoulder, like WO or WC near shoulder, foal at loot ; one chesnut colt, four white legs, white blaze down face, like G withPP under off shoulder ; one bay filly, star on foreh-ad, like L near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold January 16, i860, at noon. WILLIAM GLUYAS, Poundkeeper. THE WESLEY.«* BAZAAB.-Tke bazaar, held in the spacious new stores of Messrs. Mcarthur, Kings- borough, & Co., in Pirie-slreet, for the purpose of rais- ing funds necessary to defray the cost of a residence at Norwood for a minister of the Gospel in connection with the Wesleyan denomination, was brought to a closo at a late hour on Thursday evening, the articles remaining unsold at about 9 o'clock being submitted to public com- petition by Mr. Townsend, who exerted all his eloquence and powers of persuasion to realize good prices, aud his praiseworthy endeavors were crowned with triumphant success. The bazaar extended over u period of three days, and although tho attendance was exceedingly good throughout, and the purchases on au extremely liberal scalo, the contributions were also so liberal that the stock on hand appeared scarcely la.-s when the services of the auctioneer wero called into re- quisition than at the commencement. No efforts wore spared to render the affair as attractive as possible ; the spacious store was tastefully decorated with flags, evergreens, and appropriate transparencies There was excellent vocal and instrumental music ; irresistible saleswomen had been induced to volunteer their services legitimately.to raise funds by "ii stall," and the arrangements for refreshments, of coutte only of « temperate character, were most complete : f- MU thw source alone a considerable sum of money niu.-jt havo been raised. A large proportion of the articles exhibited were manufactured and contributed by the ladies con- nected with the particular denomination in reference tu whi'ih the] Bazaar was held, and the result must bo no less satisfactory to them than their exertions have been creditable ; for .notwithstanding the dullness of the times and the numerous calls which have lately boon made upon the community for benevolent purposes, the amount realized (after defraying the necessary ox pen8es) reached the handsoina sum of about £200. It is only fair to mention that amongst the visitors, were members of various Christian denominations, who wero not impelled by mere curiosity to visit the sceno, but generously contributed towards a work which haa been brought to a successful issue by the cordial oo-opc ration of all Christian denominations. GOLD AT STRATHALBYN.-"We have been in- formed that l8 ton3 of gossan produced at the Wheal Ellen Mine, near Strathalbyn, after being crushed, have yielded about a pound troy weight of gold. This yield is very promising, as previous experiments in crushing for gold in the colony have not afforded more than half an ounce to the ton. When it is considered that the gossan is a species of refuse ironstone, not otherwise valuable, this result is very encouraging, and would lead to the conclusion that gold exists in paying quantities au and near the Strathalbyn Mine. The precious metal in said to be visible amongst the gossan, and goldminers usually consider that, with such appearances, a paying yield may always be expected. We are also told that there are other properties in the neighbourhood of the Strathalbyn Mine in which the same indications are to be found, so that it is reasonable to suppose that some- thing equivalent to a profitable gold mine may yet be realized in South Australia. CONFIRMATION.-On Thursday, the Catholic Lord Bishop'of Adelaide, Dr. Geoghegan, assisted by the Revs. Messrs. Smyth, Russell, and Maurice, celebrated Mass at the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier, and ad- ministered the Holy Communion to' 150 persons, after which he preached a very eloquent sermon on "Thu tíeven Gifts of the Holy Ghost," from Isa. xi., 2, 3, viz. :-Wisdom, Understanding, Counsel, Fortitude-, Knowledge, Piety, and the Fear of the Lord. At tho conclusion His Lordship administered the rito of con- firmation to[.161 persons of both sexes. 