PICKINGS PRO*r pmrnw ENGLAND, FRANCE, AND ITALV. Air.— 'Birtant pour la Surle.' Wouldst thou, Louis Napoleon, Have England go with thee, And make thy policy our own. Concerning ItAlv ? To pledge it, first tbe boon on Franca Of liberty bestow, With thee then England will advance. As far as thou canst go. Restore tbe freedom of debate, Unchain the shackled press ? The guiltless exiles reinstate, And grant the robbed redress. The priesthood's domineering band Within due bounds restrain, And o'er all sects, with even hand. Impartial monarch ralgn. Whene'er United Italy Shall Franco's help invoke In shaking off the Papacy, And Kaiser's galling yoko, Oh ! we shall bo too happy then As well to take her part, And thou wilt all true Englishmen Have with thoo, hand aud heart. Tbine empire constitutional If thou wilt only make, Our interests with thine wa shall Delighted be to stake ; The Tricolour and Union Jack In flying will agree; And England with free France will back United Italy. OTJB ADMIHAITY TUfKBHS, a! ^J10^ Cf K?*™' in n, 8peeon UP°' Uie ?hlpbulldlng department of tho Navy, is reported to have said — He did not think the Houso had the smallest notion of what had been going on In our dockyards in the way of tinkering vessels; amputating them, and performing all sorts of surgical operations upon them. Their heads and tails were cut ofl, they were sawn asunder, they wore maltreated in every pouible way. Take the ease of a three-decker, the Howe, 121 gum. She was laid down only last year, or the winter before, but the dockyard people were now pulling her down to put a now bow upon her. Another coso was that of the ImmortallW a 61-gun frigate now being built at Pembroke. That unfortunate ship had undergone a deal of trouble, Sho was first of oil lengtheaed amidships. Last year orders went down from the Admiralty to lengthen her five foot by the bow. It was represented that to lengthen a frigate five feet by the bow would have no effect what ever ; but the authorities were inexorable, their orders were reiterated, and the poor ship was lengthened fivo reet by the bow. The result was, as might be naturally supposed, that either the First Lord himself, with his fine nautical eye, or some other member of tho Ad miralty Board, saw upon visiting her that she was not fit to go to sea. and ordered her to be pulled down again and lengthened 16 feet. So the |Lyra, the Baoer, and other noble vessels, began life at 460 tons, but they gradually grew ia size until they arrived at 760 tout, when they were launched. Such Instances of official blundering would bo amnslng, if it were not so costly. But the fact was, that scarcely a ship went to sea without costing far more than the sum fixed by tha estimates as the coBt or her construction.' Head »nd tall cut off 1— Sawn asunder In amidships I— inside taken out in order to be lengthened (—of a truth a ship may be well called the Immortallte, If she can survive such cruel surgery as thb. No wonder we hear stories of the weakness of our Navy, when our soor ships are undergoing such frequent amputations. A man-of-war must have the constitution of a sea-horse, in order to bear up when being 'pulled doirn' soon tlnually. The House shoald oltarly Interfere for the prevention or suoh cruelties; indeed the House, we think, should pass a vote of censure on itself, for not having! long while since taken steps to put a stop to them. The House may try to shield itselfby saying that what Lord Paget 'thought' of it was true; and that, until he spoke, it 'had not the slightest notion' of what went on in. our dockyards. But this is clearly no excuse. If the HouBe had read its Punch, it would not hove been so Ignorant. Over and over again has I'unch directed public notice to tho way in which our Admiralty tinkers go to work, and how tho ships they try to tinker go, naturally, to pot. Over and over again has Mr. Punch's cudgel been laid across the shoulders of the Admiralty Board, and brought an empty echo from the wooden heads whereor that Board is aptly constituted. If tbe House would road its Punch, no one would ever ' think' it ignorant of anything whatever which it ought to know; and M what goes on in our dockyards' is one of the things clearly which it ought to know. The Howe is for the Common;, and It ought to have a knowledge of tbo commonest of things. Ships cut down, and then cut up, are common things enough ; and being such, it was the duty of the House to have made itself ac quainted with them. Having knowledge of anch things, it was clearly then the duty of the Hobs© to put its veto on them. Correctly viewed, the House is the overseer of the Government; and it is the duty of the House to Bee that Government does Its duty. Tin kering ships to pieces, and making new ships Into old ones, is very obviously, we think, not the duty of the Government. Such blunders might be laughed at, but we can't afford to laugh at them. A» critics we might certainly contrivo to be ' amused' by them ; but as tax payers, the laugh in on tha wrong side of our moutbH. We requaat, then, in all seriousness, that the House will keep Its eye upon our Admiralty tinkers. As tinkers proper have a knack of damaging new kettles, and knocking holes in them merely for tha lake of mending them, so our Admiralty tinkers pull new ships to pieces, merely for the sake, It noomn, of putting them together again. Now this may bo fun to thwut but it ia death to ua who have to pay tbe cost of it and we therefore BHk the House to keep Its eye upon our tinkers, and, when it sees thorn go to work on a new ship, to interfere at once arid ' stop dat knocking' of its bottom out. Thin we feol assured might very easily be dona. When the Naval Entimatea are brought before the House, we would have the House refuse to pass a vote for tho supplies until the Government passed its word that they should not be wasted. There is very little doubt that by a stoppage of the tin, the House might pretty jsoonlput a stopper on the tinkering THE WILD HORSMAN. There's a legend of the woodlands— you may travel where you will— You'll hear it on Notae/jeld and fiord, on plno-crownU Tyrol WU ; By the charooalburner'a fire, In the Schwartzwald'a firry glades ; In Palermo's scented gardens, under vine and oranee shades. By many names the legend gees, bnt still Its theme's] the same— Of a wicked lord, who in his life too well had loved the game; And so npheld the forest-laws, so bloody and so grim That his ghost mill rideu tbe night as though the fiends. were hunting him. And when the wild hunt pstssea through the dark and: troubled air, With bay of hound and hunting-cry, and hunting horn's shrill blare, Then wicked lords grow pale, and think of prosecuted poachera, And crops and fields whereon their gamo and honnda have been encroacbera. But Httla did men think, within St. Stephen's blessed pale. To see tho apparition of this wild and wondrous tale ; Amid the Bude-lighta burning— and members lookinr —bine. To witness the Wild Horsman, aweep the House of Commons through. He rode a horse of blood aad bone, of whip nor spur was slack, And fiercely bayed behind him the hungry Whiglioir pack; Hecrash'd athwart Whig fences; adown Whig facts he rode, As one thai, in hia hunting days, front of the field had showed. He had been a great Whig hunter; too well bad loved the game. And all might note (be quaking of the lords that did the same ; As the Wild Horsman from the clouds of night so fiercely bore, Striking terror to their marrows, that rode with him off yore. Then may the Saints aasoil Urn and assuage thi* Horsman's fate. And may his ancient friends in sin repent era *tU too late. And remember while they're running down their gama with fierce halloo, That the hunter may be hunted, ay— and mad* earn* of, too. SY1IPTOKS OF HABD KEADIHO! Student—' Oh, Mary ! have you token np Uu lamp and the cigars?' ?u.Z, ? 'Y««. Sir' Student— 'And the whisky, and tbe nnr. andth» lemon, and boiling water?' Maiy-'Yes,8lrP- Student— 'Then come, Jack I snppoM we go into (ft* study T LINES ON AN AUSPICIOUS EVENT. Our Princess and Prussia's has got a fine boy, And two nations are shouting ' Hooray I' Can't our Laureate express in a poem our Joy? Is there nothing at all he can say? Let us try, then. Sing, Albert is now a Grandslrt, Come, none of your gibes and your taunts; Our Princea are Uncles; Princesses acquire, How jolly ! the title of Aunts. Blng the bells, fire the guns, light the lamps* 1st tht gas Into day turn the night of our towns ; For the happy event which haa just com* to mm Will unite two great Protestant Crowns. Oh I blest is the Uncle, with years who unbent. Hears Is nephew minted aa ' Pa,' A Great Grandmother now is the Dnoheas oi Kent, And the Queen— think of that !— Gnutdmamma 1 ' 'TIB A WI81 CHILD THAT XHOWB ITS OTTK TATHSB.' * Men newly raised to honours used to b* described by old heraldio writers as 'sons of their work.' On thu principle will Sir W. Armstrong take it as an offenot to be styled 'son of a gun?' P0UTI0A1 AHTIBIPTIO. One element which b much to be desired, bat Is not to be found ia any of the proposed measures of reform, i* something like Falconl's powder that will prenntoor rupUon, 