SECOND DAY., FsTa RAC.--The Publicans' Purse of S30: sovs., with: a sieep of one sOy, each, (the sweep to go to the second horse) for all horses, weight for age, heats twie, round the Mr. Andrews' b.Z. W~bsker, aged .. ....... : Mr. Moreton's b.g. Kangaroo, 5 yr.. . i... 2. Mr. T. A. Pennell's b.g. Sovereign, aged ..:... 8 In going round the first time,'it was a first. lass. race ; a blanket would have'puvered them. It became quite evidentthat Whisker, as he passed the grand stand, would be the winner as he shot a-head-like a thunderbolt and was never caught again, beating Kanga. roo and Sovereign in a etnter. In the second beat, Whisker prooved himself a first-class animal; from the start, it was quite clear that the other horses had not a ghost of a chance; and, after passing the stand,, this time as before,'he ran completely away from the other horses,.and was declared the winner of the Pnblican' Pnrse, the backers of. Sov ereign looking uttterable thin.in. SEcoND RAco. -The Ladies' Purse; of 15 sovs.,, for.. all horsee, weight for age, heats, once round the course. Mr 8awyer's b'r. Harkaway, aged, .. . ... I I Mr. M. Beurke' b.g. Bally, aged .. . .. ... 8 2 Mr. T. A. Pennell's e.g. otpur yrs ...... 2 3 The first heat was swll c~itested by Hark away and: Bally; for some time Bally kept. alon side. Betting was .3 to 1 onHlarlaway, Hotspur bringing up. the rear; however, Harksway came in hard held, and won easily by about six lengths. Second heat:--Bet-.. ting all in favour of farkaway,. any odds were offered, but no takers; atlast the word was riven for the start, and away went Hark away, running c, mpletely away, and ao minx in again hard held,:winning by 7 lengths. TasRm RAus.- The Beaten Stakes of 10 sovs., for all horses beaten and not distanced during the meeting, one mile. and a half, one event, to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they' may appoint; .entrance e£1;' Mr. Morton's bg Mlttagang, aged, 7s t6 lb - - Mr. Andrews's.Dublln Jack 9s.0 Ib...- -_ - . l 'Mr. Fennell's blk g Nigger 9at 6 lbs - - . Mr; Sawyer'. BDrien'O.'in, 1st I0 Ib's.: bolted.j . This'wi'tlie besi'eonteestedraei during the day, and:ws? admired by theaeporting class of Wagga Wasga more..than any other that had taken place 'during' the 'meeting, lMittagang winning by about.half a nec. ' This race oo.cluded St. 'Patr-ic?'s ,Day's sports. ; . Taz Boa?lwansA FAMrLY have been very, srtereqsful this .week, more particularly the yonaeor members of the family. Master Walter sang thot beantiful song. "Madeline." whioh:?e consider one of.the:bestlof. oMr. T. Nelson's eompositions,,which wascveryeflect ive. Master Conrad, in "Peter Peppercorn," was very rich, and. as usua,, was rewarded by a shower of silver. The-duets,:by Mise4Rosa and Master Walter, were mueb adnLred. A musical vaudeville .finished, each evening's performane. " Whv1;don's She .Marry" was excellent;. nd :lipt the audience in a roar, by Mr. Coleman and Mr,. Baekingbhm. The song of "Cigars and C.ogan,' :sung,by, Mr. Bouhinghsmim pleaseda .the , uadi?uce very mohh, al:also 'L Timothyi Bi.ek,' by' his son ieorget; Mtrio s he. fCle6toi anl -King;.ar, great additions to the Biukina2ham Famj i Thirirvenibg ,issithr ilut, i4gllatbeA per formene tiri t· agga Wq~pyW s . le deyartare ber'Alhy7,ti taiaiiii when: rrG B:O;"'Bdkinch;im will take a com piidmetatry be/nefit. ' W wiih thlem farewell, and psay they' .ceeed wheirever they go. ACtIDEtT. On Frilo?. evening last. Mr. William Darlow metcwith .aiserious accident by being thrown from his h',rse. It appears that Mr. Darlow was on his way from this town to his station, when the horse stumbled and threw him bieaking his collar bone. Dr. Morgan was quickly in atlendance, and set the arm. Since writing the above, we learn tlhat Mr. Darlow is-progressing favonrably ELsCTOAL ,RBoLs.- Tuesdav. the .22nd instant, has bhon appointel for. holdi'ng the Court for the Reviasin of the Electoral Boll I!r .the d!itrirt.of .Murrumbigee- ..Only un .. application has been filed with the Clerk of Petty Sessions. Saitii 'Acotbte. - Shortly after 'the horses had started for' the last race (the Beaten Stakes) Mr;.'Henra' Gibbs; of Orega don, was riding acrose the course, he'came to the rope near the grand stisnd,";aid' as Ihe reached the rope, he' aitempted tb jninp:ihis .' horse over it, when the horse's knees canme in .contact with the'rope and fell over, thirowing:: his rider and saddle completely off him on to the course. ' He' was coiiveved intsensible 'to.?s Mr.Caidwell's bodth; .Dr. Morgan Was tirm-': mediately in attredancs,and did everything in his power fortthe sufferer, Up.to our go. ing to press we hive not learned:to .what,:' extent Mr. Gibbs is Injured. HeMAN RRstAINs tFuNtD IN TaE Btiut.=- Yesterday (Friday).ai inquest was held before' the Distriet Coroner, on the.remains of a hit:' man being, found in the hush, at Wargrave, about four miles from" Yass, and believed to be those of the unfortunate wonman, Matry: Fox, who went a missing on the 9th,of March last year. On the day named, Mrs. Fox, who was nearly blind,'left the..house of her hus-? band, about ten miles from Gunning; for the .purpose of proceeding on a visit to her mother," 'a Mrs. Caidwell, whose dwelling was'. oly about .a quarter of a mile distant, and was never agAin heard of. The police and' about twenty hosemen searched the Gundaroo ranges, Mtinddonan, and a circuit of at least ten miles---but no ,tiding of "the missinig:;' woman could be learned. " A reward was' offered for information, and a fruitless" search. continued for several weeks; and' from the' evidence adduced' at 'the inquest' yesterday it would appear that the remains of the unfortu nate woman, afteir the lapse of over.twelve months, have been, accidentally discovered 'within a few miles of this town. Th judij 'returned a verdict of---"Found dead in the bush, and we'believe that death was 'caused'; by starvation."---.Yass Courier. MELANCHrOLY AccIDENT.---An accident of a very distressing nature occurred on Wed gesday morning last, when a child about two" years old fell into the race near the Leviathan machiie and was drbwned. From its mnothr'a statement the child was suddenly missed when she made .active .search amongst .the neigh bours, and also made known her fears to some persons at the machine, who immediately searched the race, and continued'in its' course until near Carmichael's machine, where the lifeless form was discovered The parents of' the child have, only 'been on the Adelong about a fortnight, and'it is asserted that this child not later than last week fell into the same race, but was miraculously saved from its' then watery grave. Frdln the time of its being missed to the finding of the body was scarcely half an hour.---Adclong' Mining Journal' FATAL ACCIDwNT.-A fatal accidenf of a most melanehlly character occurred in the hbush near Pitt-water, beyond Manly Beach,. on the evenitng of Wednesday last, by which a man named William 'Crnwford, aged 53' yei?i?, was shot by his own son. It appe'sed .that the son, a lad of thirteen, had been Out .hooting, and as .returning home in comapany with his'mother andi sister ; hearing a noise in the esrub a short distance'frdm him, which he thonght 'proceeded 'from a 'wallaby, he level'ed his gun sn l fired; On onming; up .to the object, he fulnd it was his father,. who had been .engaged. in stripping bark. The contents of the barrel had lodged' in the ninfrlunate malt's chlest, and 'caused' death' in two or three minutes, .The lad .was sub." sequently given into custody.:of the police by, an elder brother, who feared from the agony of mind manifested by him, that' he would lay violent bhid upon himself. The body of" deceased was removed to Manly Beach; where it awaits the coroner's inquest.--8.M Herald, arch 11.... 