BALLARAT GENERAL SESSIONS. Saturday, 6th April (Before his Honor Judge Rogers, chairman, and his Honor Judge Clarke.) ASSAULT. Godfrey McMillan, Archibald M'Millan and Alexander Stewart pleaded not guilty to an indictment for assault and forcible entry at Pleasant Creek on the 1st February last. Mr McDermott defended the prisoners McMillan and Mr Dunne defended the priso- ner Stewart. Mr M'Dermott applied to have the priso- ners McMillan tried apart from Stewart. Mr Dunne made a similar application for his client. The Crown Prosecutor consented to aban- don the count for forcible entry as against the prisoners M'Millan, and consented to their being tried apart. The Crown Prosecutor challenged one of the jury, and Mr Dunne appeared with Mr McDermott for the prisoners. The Crown Prosecutor opened the case and called— John McMillan, who deposed that he was a squatter. The name of his run was Glen- william. On the afternoon of the 1st Feb- ruary, he, wife and child, and Colgate, wife and child were at tea when he heard a noise in the passage, and went to the door. The door was opened by the prisoners and Stewart, and he was alarmed, and said "For Heaven's sake don't come in here to frighten the women." (The witness, a middle-aged man, here burst into tears). Prisoners were his brothers. His Honor suggested an amicable settle- ment, and asked the witness if he had been personally assaulted. The witness said prisoners had seriously assaulted him, and had never expressed any contrition. Mr M'Dermott while not admitting the assault, would confess to a demonstrative demeanor, and added that immediate police proceedings had given rise to accrimonious feeling. He would state that his clients were willing to express their regret, and perhaps the witness would withdraw the prosecution. His Honor still urged a settlement out of Court. The witness said he had been very badly treated, that he had had no fewer than six- teen prosecutions served against him at Plea- sant Creek, that the dispute referred to pro- perty valued at £100,000, and that the case was now before the proper court for decision. The case then proceeded. Witness- Partly succeeded in shutting the door, but they pushed open the door and sent him struggling against the table. The prisoner Archibald holding up his hand in a threatening attitude ordered him to go, and said "I have got my father's orders to take pos- session here, and I'll show you who'll be master here." With that he struck witness a blow on the temple, the other prisoner being at his back. Stewart was behind. Was very unwell at the time, and Colgate inter- fered to protect him, and the women and children were screaming. The prisoners and Stewart then attacked Colgate, and witness retreated, when Archibald approached and said to him, " It is useless crawling away, I'll take your b— life.'" Colgate came to his rescue, when Godfrey struck at witness with a stick, the blow falling on his shoulder. Stewart also struck him, and pushed him into a bed room, causing him to fall over a chair. Stewart aIso caught hold of witness's wife and pushed her into the bedroom, and stood at the door to keep him in. Prisoners then struck Colgate, and tried to put him out. Colgate said he would go out if they would not attack "that poor sick man again." Archibald said, " By God I'll sick him before I've done with him." Witness then in- structed Colgate to go for the police. Colgate went, and prisoner and Stewart followed him out. Witness had black eyes for three weeks after, and a sore head for six weeks. When they went out he locked the door, but Archi- bald returned, and said he would break in, and ordered Mrs Colgate to come out. Wit- ness attributed Archibald's not making a second attack to the approach of Mr Gassard. Witness struck no blows. Cross-examined—I claim to be the owner of the station. My father does not say true when he says I am not. My father is the crown tenant, but I paid part of the money. I took possession with his consent, and was ejected once after. He did not withdraw his permission for me to occupy. He could not. Prisoners had been in possession for a considerable time, but I ordered Godfrey out on the night of the 11th January for his abusive language, and he went out, and did not return till the night of the assault. They were living in the station, there being two houses, Godfrey in one, and I in another, but having nothing to do with the station. I was there as a principal, and Godfrey and other brothers were only my servants under me as managers for the company of four. My father, myself, Neil and Peter, my brothers, are the four partners. Don't know if they say it is all sham and that the station is my father's. His Honor objected to going into all the history of the M'Millan family. Mr M'Dermott said his object was to show that the witness was laboring under a hallu- cination. Mr Dunne said they wanted to show that witness was there on sufferance only. His Honor said the he did not justify a forcible entry. The law must eject or else the peace of the community would he con- stantly broken. Examination continued—Was summoned by Godfrey for trespass the same day. There was something very ferocious in their ap- pearance that day. Godfrey's was pale and his lips were quivering with fair rage. Archi- bald was not so bad. He was walking down to the Woolshed. I never saw Macbeth walking to strike Duncan. Never saw the ghost of a stagestruck hero. Did not try to slam the door in their face. His Honor cited from his notes an answer directly contradictory. Witness—I did not try to force them out of the room. Mr M'Dermott—But you have sworn you did, you know. Witness—I only said "don't come in here." Colgate is a bush carpenter. I have not been advised to abandon this prosecution. Did not say I would give them five years on the roads. Can't say if ever I said anything about what punishment they ought to have. I have copies of all the definitions at my attorney's office. My father came up from Melbourne to the Wim- mera to summon me for trespass. I had no medical attendance after the assault. Re-examined—Have resided there since June 1853, or between five and six years. After the 24th January Godfrey lived in a separate house, and Archibald went to manage a station twenty miles off, at Ille- warra. John Colgate corroborated, and stated that Archibald McMillan struck Mrs Colgate in the chest, and was pushing her away, when witness sprang at his throat and pinned him to the wall. Stewart then came up behind, and put his knuckles under witness' hand- kerchief, and nearly strangled him, where- upon witness let go M'Millan. Godfrey swore he would have his brother's --- life if he did not go out; and Colgate's — life too, if he did not go out: whereupon Colgate effected a retreat from "three such desperate men," and repaired to the police station. Cross-examined—I have been entertained by all the M'Millans. Had a contract for the firm, and was invited by John M'Millan to stop in the house. He said there was a dispute between him and his father and brothers, and wanted me to come and stop with him. [The witness was cross-examined at great length.] Charlotte Colgate, wife of the previous witness, corroborated, and was cross- exa- mined at great length. Euphemia M'Millan, wife of the prosecu- tor, followed in corroboration. This closed the case for the prosecution, and Mr M'Dermott addressed the jury for the defence, characterising the prosecution as a private one, at the behest of John M'Millan's own wishes, whose "bad taste," as a member of "the pastoral aristocracy," he dwelt on, in coming into Court to expose the family secrets in conjunction with a transaction discreditable to all parties. The prosecutor sought to disgrace his family and punish his brothers, but he trusted the prose- cutor would go out of Court a disappointed man; for he, and he alone, had been the originator of the fracas. Prosecutor recalled by Mr Dunne—This document (order to quit) is in my father's handwriting. Alexander Stewart, examined by M M'Dermott, deposed—Was in Godfrey McMil- lan's employ. He managed the station. Accompanied the prisoners to John's house, Archibald saying to us that he was going to show John a letter from his father. He told John so when he went in quite quietly, when John got up, put his hand on his shoulder, and said, "Go out o' this house." Archibald said, "I've got as much right here as you have, and don't lay no hands on me, John." Colgate then came up, and the pair of them tackled Archibald, and shoved him up to the door. Archibald said to Colgate, "Since you've commenced it, you had better just walk outside;" and Archy and Colgate then had a scuffle again, and I told Colgate the best thing he could do was to drop it. I saw John had a cold of Archibald's handkerchief, and I said "The best thing you can do is to drop it, for this is bad work between brothers." Archibald and the whole lot of us walked away, and John remained with a stick in. his hand inside, Godfrey struck no blow at all. Can't say who ??? the first violence. John first laid his hand on Archibald's shoulder, and told him to go out. Cross-examined—Have been three years on the station. I was to be tried with the prisoners. They told me they were only going in to tell John that Archibald and Godfrey were to change places. I say positively that I struck no blow at all. I did not see John touch the door at all. John could not have fallen violently against the table. Did not see John strike a blow at all. Saw Archibald strike at Colgate. It is not true that John and his wife were pushed into the bed-room; She was standing ??? the table all the time. Did not see Mrs M'Millan or Mrs Colgate struck. We said nothing about turning out. The sold pur- pose of our going was to tell John that Godfrey and Archibald were to exchange places. Heard nothing of a power of attor- ney from the father to turn John out. They asked mc to go in as they did not like to go in alone. Didn't hear anything about a power of attorney; cannot say that anything was said about it; I only heard they had an attorney; I was not always called to aid in the delivery of messages to John. The door was not pushed violently against me. This closed the case for the defence, and the Crown Prosecutor addressed the jury in reply, telling them they must disabuse their minds altogether of the argument as to the good or bad taste of the prosecutor in bring- ing the case into court. There had been a violent assault committed upon the family that night, and the contradictions in the evidence were all in favor of the credibility of the witnesses for the prosecution. His Honor, in summing up, told the jury that, however lamentable and distressing the circumstances were, if the evidence for the prosecution was believed by them, they were bound to give a verdict against the defend- ants, and punish so gross and unjustifiable an outrage. If defendants went to the station to take possession by force, then they went to do an utterly illegal act. The defendants could not treat the prosecutor, even though he was in illegal occupation, as a trespasser without color of right; but ought to have resorted to the law for the purpose of making good their claim. If the father wished to interfere in effecting an alteration in the management of the station, the simple plan was by a letter to his attorney, who would have taken the usual course in such a matter. His Honor then proceeded to point out very minutely what constituted an assault in law and expressed his reliance on the superior credibility of the evidence for the prosecu- tion. If the jury believed the four witnesses for the prosecution, they must find a verdict of guilty. But if they believed those four witnesses had all perjured themselves then they would find a verdict of acquittal. The jury after deliberating a short time retired, and returned into court after an absence of some time, with a verdict not guilty. The Crown entered a nolle prosequi against Stewart, who with the other defendants was discharged. His Honor intimated that in the case of Martin v Sweeney, in the County Court, he would deliver judgment on Saturday next. The Court then adjourned till Monday (this day) when the appeals will be proceeded with, that of Cosgrave & Taylor appellant Lowther & Cullan, respondents, being the first for hearing. 