* (ENGLISIHEXT1R?: ACTS.: : Tim :LAsT STORY OF A PIciVATE L.U .?~ATro AsYioaUA.-A few days ago, a laly:of filhionable napparance alighted from ancar riage, and entered a lar'·e drapery establish moot, not one hundred mies from the Elephant and Castle, where she selected a parcel of goodls to the value of nearly Q100. When her iurchases were completed, she stated that she had, forgotten to bring tlelr cheque-book, and dosired that one of the yonng men would accompany her home with tie goods, whoen she would hand him a cheque for thie atmount. Not liking to entrust the business to any of his numerous emplo~.s, the very proprietor himself stepped into the carriage with the lady, and was rapidly driven to Peckham, wholee, at a large and respectable house, they alighted, and the goods were taken. The lady then politely ushered the anxious and wary linen-draper into the drawing-room, de siring him to wait for a brief moment until she fetched the cheque-book. The brief moment passed, and nmany more also, miti the lady did not make her qppearance. Half an hour elapsed, three quarlters, yei, an hlrir had gone by, and still the fashionable debtor did not dcomn. Meariwhile, tile worthy draper becamo anxious fitig'htened,ftrtoiis, aind, rising np, .vigorously applied thie ball-rope. This brought in a min-servant, who.wis instantly adttacked withl a string of questions as to tile lady add the ,.oods. The mau replied, in a griuff and: colnmandigi :tone, thait unless lie (the dchapoi) behav?d hiniself in' i milder inannehfi he.slioidd ':i plciide ifidini restraint, foir t:hat he~i(tepeke lihadreiceived pobitio iiintcithiions toconfine all lunatics whb ere intifiictahle:?!"? X'Ci6:" e Who ate nil:iirhtanwh'ii'this place ?" were next asked by the lanting crodi tor, almost in one breath. "Thlis is'a private asylum for lunatics, and I am the keeper," coolly observed the man, " and unless you can manage to 'draw it mild' I shall inut yoel into the strong room." The horrible truth was out. The fashionable lady had forgedtl two phlysicians' certificates, bad prepared the proprietor of the asylum for the reception of hiscustomer, by stating herself to be his wife,. and by ingeniously indicaltingr the form his mnadness took, anl after purchasing the goods had driven to this place, and lodging her cuos tomer bhad departed, cunningly returning the parcel containing the property to the carringe, andtl thus hocussing both the draper and the proprietor of the asylum.--2ablet, October 2. CELIBACY AS A PnREDISPOSING CAUSE'OP' INSAN, rY.-Of 69 admissions into Murray's. Perth Institution for lunatics, says an able report just issued by the medical superinten dent during the pest year, 40 patients lhvee been unmarried, 17 married, and 3 widoted; or, in othlor words, the single have been con siderably more than double the number of the married.-But as the statistics of a single year may exhibit somewhat unusual ant fel lacious results, we have examined our statis ties bearing on this subjeot for the last 31 years, and we tind as thie result, that a total of 670 cases in which the social condition lias been specially noted, 445 have been single, 195 married, and 88 widoweld; tlhat is thet single have constituted 65.54 per cent. and the married and widowed together 83.47 per cent of the wlhole admissios; or, in other words, the former have been nearly twice as numerous as tihe latter. It is but fair tbo state that tihe statistics of a single .a yhliu . may be fillacious--in relation to society, at large-as those of it single year in any giveli asylum. Tihe statistics of otlher as lulins do not show different results. Those who arem s :":' nceptical to the value f stattirics go clithe::-:.: length of asserting that they may be miade. tii pirove anytlhing. WVe trustsociety htas a ri'*lit : to expect that this and similar enquiries.siindi sulbjects will .be elaborated by tlhe ne?v Lunacy Board for Scotland, one of ,vliode . most useful duties we take to be thp drawingl sip of statistics firom the returns wriich Go vernment compels the officers ofasylumns to. :furnish. Such is tihe public interest attaichable to celibacy as a predisposing cause of insanitly that we venture to compare oron results with . 'those arrived at by some of tlhe first anttiori" tios- lBlitislh and foreign-on the statistics of i-isanity;, anrd to draw or deduce a few general uconclusions tlherefromn. The statistics o'df Bethlehem HIospital tfor the Insane, Loridon,d according to Dr. Hood, show that the mam ried nie more numerous thlan the single pli: tients, in tihe proportion of 1364 to1194 This, lhowvever, is certainly an excedptional state of matters. Opposite results are givenii in Buctknill and T'uko's " Manual of Psyclio logical Medicine," andi in the statistics of the majority of Britishi anti foreign asylums. In the Salpetriere and Bicetre, during twventy years endiing iin I8?9, accosding to M. Des iportes,of O4901 patients, 1472 were single, anti' 956Bi married, wildowed, or dlivorcedl. .Jacobi'.s statistics of insanity in Germany slhow that, of 2015 patients, 1573 were single, and 4 '2 mnorried or widowedl. Statistics then on the whole, inldubitably Iprove that celilbacy pre disposes to insanity, and also the converseo that mnatrimony is, to a certain extent, an an tiote uagainst insanity, exercising a preser vative influurnce. These prolositions we coin mnend to the attention of the Tiimes and other journals whichl have recently, withl such uabi lity, discussed the advantages of early miar ritages and the disadvantages of prolonged, unnatural, nid inlhealtly celibacy: Parchtappe remarkls that celibacy, as a predisposiing cause ofinsanity equally afflicts both sexes; but that matruinony- is a greater preserv:itive arsainst ihsanity in males than iin ftmales. We do not here stop to enquire whether innsanily ii celibates is producible by or traceable to, tie restraints merely, or thie vices, of celibacy. 'ihe sul;oite is too delicate, difficult, and exten sive to 'ilate npon at present. But its con nection vwith what has been recently paraded in tie T'imes us the great "socitil evil" is too evident to wnarrant us in omitting a mere al lusion. Let it not, howeveor, besupposed that we mean to infer or imply, in the 446 cases cited in our statistics, that theinsaniity was in ,. -. ?, , ' , " ' . , .; ·.'i ,?:3 them necessarily due to the condition of celi bacy per se; let not the reader confound the post with the propter hoc. No doubt, in many cases, celibacy was a result and not a cause; an effect of the same physical or men tal condition which also caused.the develop ment ofinsanity. .. But deducting such, there still remains a sufficient number to enable us. to assert that the state of ' single blessedness" is not the most healthy one either as regards mind or body-nor the most natural onfeT, view iLas we may. A correspondent of the Brussels 'Iodulepen dence' writes from Ostend:-" On Saturday last, on the arrival of the steamer from Lon don, the custom-house officers, while exam ifiig 'the luggage of the passensers, conceived some suspicions of the amplitude of a crino line?worn by the Countess D-Rt- ,who was accompanied by Major K- , both Russian subjects, and who landed at Ostend. The officers, thought it their duty to repeat an examination made in the first instance with a delicacy which the posi tion of the passengers justified. Tis led to the discovery of a great quantity of silk neckerchiefs, and other articles of dress, amounting to the value of about £120. A proces verbal lihas been drawn up against the noble delinquents." JEALOUSY..--A Birmingham mechanic of about 23 yearsof ago became several months ago, violently attached to a yoamg widow. They were for some time in the habit of *alking out frequently together, and the at .tiiohment seemed to be mutual. But one day lately the widowrefiused to continuo the inti macy. The widow's name is Owen, and that of her lover is Smith. From the day on vwhich he was rejected an alteration was ob served in Smith's manner. There was first a violent quarrel betweefl him and the widow, snd then an apparent reconciliation; but his look continued to be suspicious. A few days ago he'breakfasted with her, when they again quarrelled and were again apparently recon ciled. After breakfast Mrs. Owen proceeded to her .chamberi for the purpose of dressing t go out, when suddenly Smith started up, *an without uttering a word, rushed op. stairs after her. In a moment afterwards a young girl who was in the house heard a fear fid shriek. She instantly dashed into the bed room, and there saw Mrs. Owen stretched on the floor in a pool of blood, and Smith stand img over her cutting her throat with a razor. With great courage and presence of mind the •rl sprang upon the murderer,, and after a strngglo succeeded in wrestingthel weapon from his graisp, at the same time raising an alarm by screaiing; but Smith, evidently bent npon the commission of murder, drew a knife from his pocket and maIde a second attack upon his uhfortunate victim. Mrs. Owen, however, had sifficient strength to break away from him. The police arrived; and a couple of surgeons were called. While the surgeons were attending upon the wounded woman, Smith sat upon'tho end of the sofa upon which she was laid arid affected to be intoxicated, This, however, was siere pretence, as upon the constables removing him to the police-station he walked well and spoke rationally. He said that it was jealousy which had led him to the coinmission of the crime; that he had seen Mrs Owen walking with another man on the lirecediiig afternoon; anld he burst into tears ts hie spoke. "A curious book," says the ' Courlt Jolr Sca,' "has been forwarded from Munich to Dr. C-- in Paris. The book is the work of Prince Charles D--, compelled by his father to enter a monastery, in order to se cure the paternal estates of the eldest son. Prince Charles lived in the greatest solitude, even for a monk, scarcely ever leaving his cell, oid always occupied in the severest study; the object of that study is revealed at his death. He has left behind him a complete theory of the doctrine of chances, which he calls the "Affinities of numbers," and by wvhich he proves that numbers have their sympathiesas well as plants and animals. The bankers and croupiers of the hells of Ger niany hear the announcement and tremble." Mr. Walter Savage Landor has taken up his residence at Genoa; where his family, which is numerous, possess a fine estate; and oie. of the curious effects of the trialis, that it has led to a reconciliation between thie aged poet and his wife, after a separation of 40 years. nRAUDs.--In the criminal record we ob serve that frauds on foreign governments b.y foirging their currency are multiplying in London. Besides the persons-two Prench meri and a Greek-already in custody on a charge of copspiracy to coin failse 'Tiurkish piastres, three mon,<Richard and John Web ster, brothers, and Moses Barnet, are in the hands of the police, suspected of being con cerned in the forgery of plates for tie issue of 1i-rouble notes.. It is stated that other par ties, in.a higher position, are.implicated,. .Two medioil men have beqa commoitted for .urder, at Manchaster.. They are charged with causing the death of a young woman in endeavouring to procure abortion. TiE COMET NpEARING THE EAnTsi.-An English paper statbs that' duiing the ap pearance of the late comet, a gentleman, at Wolverhampton, inquired of some ristics, if they had seen it, and was answered, with saome trepidation, in the affirmative, with the addition that it had just passed, and that the tail was hanging downwards towards the earth. It turned out that their comet was a bhlloon' that had been set off that evening, and the "tail" the grapnel hanging down from the car, but they positively refused to believe anything of the kind, and insisted lpon the comet, and nothing but the comet. A HAUNTED H0ovsE.s-he Greenock cor respondent of the North British Mlail says: \--"It will scarcely be credited, but it is not thle less true, that a rumour is afloat that a garret house in a comparatively new tenement in Back-walks'or RIegent-street is haunted; and woman and children, with elongated faces, tell the most incredulous stories about the supernatural cantripts which have been played off in the house in question. The occu pant is said to be the wife of a seaman, vho is alleged to have been first disturbed by certain mysterious meanings and the sounds of furniture being moved about in her house. One night she is said to have seen a tall, ill clad man, with rough, dirty boots, glide past her affrighted vision, between her and tilhe moonlighllt, which shone in by the window, fol lowed immediately by a second spectral figure, having the appearance of agentleman. Chairs and tables are said to have been found in the morning warped about in the most mysterious way by a rope used for hanging clothes on. A seafaring neighbour, on hearing that the chairs were habituated to moving about at solemn midnight, is said to have offered his services to put the quietus upon this unaccout able dance of furniture by tying up the chairs with the aforesaid rope, and in such a fashion, too, that no ghost but a nautical ghost could unfasten the same. This was done, and, lo ! the following morning found the knots, but not the mystery, unravelled. The poor woman has actually been frightened both out of her composure and her house, going at night to sleep with a friend in another part of the town, leaving the ghosts in undisturbed possession of tlhe house. We fear that some one must be playing tricks in the locality in question, and if so, it is a pity but steps were taken to have the real ghost or ghosts brought before the police magistrate." LADY BOWRING.-We regret to learn of the death of Lady Bowrinfg, wife of Sir John Beowring, her Majesty's Plenipotentiary in China- the deceased lady was in her 64th year. It appears that she never recovered from the effetcts of the poisoned bread at Hong Kong. E?XTRAORDINARY ATTEMIPT AT ROBBERY AND Munsn n.-The lontrelal Advertises' has the following strange story: A feew days ago a respectable man in the enployment of one of the largest mercantile houses in Quebec, took passage in a schooner for Balei St. Paul, on a visit to his relations. He carried witl him a good stock of wearing apparel, and a cheque for the amount of his wages, a con siderable sum. On the voyage he fell sick, and apparently died, or what is more probable, became insensible, from some narcotic admin istered to him. The captain of the schooner having taken possession of his clothing and money, sent two of the crew on shore to bury the dead passenger. They dug the grave, threw him in, and had begun to cover up the body, when the dead man, contrary to all law in such cases made and provided, soddenly sat bolt upright and inquired," Have wre arrived at last ?" The amateur sextons took to their heels, and fled, leaving their task but half accomplished. Thle corpse vindicated vitality by cries which brougiht thile assistance ofa gentleman fishing in the neigllhbourhllood; and the half-buried ictnim was released from the grave, well cared for, and as soon as fit to travel fbrwarded home. In the mean time the "false sea captain" proceeded on his voyage; arriving at St. Pauls he told of the death of his passenger and his burial, and delivered to his frierids a portion. of his worst clothing, retaining hisl chest, and the chequee for his wages. When asked whether he had no cheque or money, he denied it. Proceeding thence to Quebec he changed the cheque, invested the money in flour, and returned with flying colours, little dreaming that the buriel man was following in pursuit. 