THE' PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN = ;?; BEDE, ii .By THEvGnACE or God and -favor of the ''? Holy 'Ai'Ostolic See, Auciibishop .Nof ? Sydney, to the Faithful, Clergy and Laity,,,of^ the .Archdiocese, at the coM-' mencement of, the lent :op the year 1859\. 'i ? :?:.: I: 'NO MAN RAN '.SEItVE TWO ^MASTERS.' — Sli,. Matthew, 5., 24;., { '.'? » 'iDEARi-Y. Beloved Children in . Jr.sus Christ— '- ' The two parties which our divine Lord declares ?no one can serve, are God and the world — corrupt nature and grace. Yet to accomplish this impossi bility appears to he the aim of very ninny Christians . and thus they spend their lives foolishly, fruitlessly' *nd therefore criminally; The name and profession! belong to one; the real service is given to the other. That the consequence of such contradiction must 'fce deplorable is manifest. The afflictions become alienated. That great, overwhelming love for God, and preference of his will to all things, necessarily ceases to exist — gives way to indifference about all that belongs to the divine service, which is, in fact, practical infidelity; and this. I fear, is one of the evils of the present day, against which it is our especial duty to guard. 'When the Son of Man comes, think you He will find faith on the face of tbe earth ? He will find assuredly faith, untouched in its integrity, in His holy Spouse, the Church — His sacred Word is the guarantee; hut that practical faith which shows itself in a life abounding in good works — this faith, alas ! even now is fast on the de crease. Deaily Beloved, this is a most important kuhject for self-examination. We call ourselves Christians, members of the true church of Christ. Is our vocation made manifest in onrlivos? If not, onr faith will aggravate our condemnation, and, whilst exteriorly we belong to the body of the faith ? ful, we maybe, by reason of our interior disposition, as if we were not. Following, then, the advice of St., James, I would exhort you, by the practice of good works, to give proof of your faith, and to be convinced that by the neglect of good works your . faith willl decay, and. it may be, destroyed. . And this, dearly Beloved, will proceed from two causes: one amini* within ourselves; the other from the exercise of the divine justice in our regard. For our faith is not a mere speculative belief in certain articles of doctrine j it is not a mere habitude of tbe soul, by which the understanding yiilds its assent in matters which are beyond its comprehension. St. James intimates very distinctly that, unless faith exercises a more extensive in fluence over us, it is dead. Faith without good works is dead. Consequently, the practice of good works, in giving proof of tbe existence of faith, in. vigorates it. We know that the body and its limbs require constant exercise; that without it they be come inert and unfitted for their purposes. In like manner, without good works, our faith — our profession of Christian life, in losing its character of activity, becomes a mere form. As the body without . the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead. I do not mean to assert that open, avowed infidelity is the immediate consequence of a neglect of the good works prescribed by faith. Early religious impressions, education, sound principles carefully instilled into the mind, human rrspect, and many other causes, may tend to retard this deplorable re sult j but sad experiences teat-hen us that, when the duties of religion are made light of and omitted, a distaste for them is easily created ; distaste pro ceeds to repugnance and aversion ; and this distaste naturally extends to religion itself. The man of the world lives for the world — a Christian, it is true, in name and profession ; but whom does he serve — Him from whom he derives that honored name, or the world ? — The world, which circumscribes its clcnire3, aims, intentions, exertions, to this life alone ; or Jesus Christ, who requires his followers to render this life entirely subservient to the life to come, and therefore most strictly prohibits thiir attachments to lest upon the present state of things, and enjoins the sacrifice of self, and all that might aggrandise or please golf? Ah ! how soon docs the heart be come .insensible to the things of God, when the love of the world has once taken possession of it! Will prayer, habits of retirement, self-denial, bring with them an increase of reputation, of wealth — ' realise, in a word, the object and aim of life 1 We cannot be surprised, then, that they are neglected ;\ — prayer, the ifrcqurntation of the sacraments, ob servance of cliWch fasts and abstinences — nity, that remedy which renders the case of the sinner not hopeless — assistance to the poor — all abandoned. If attendance be given occasionally to Mass, what are the dispositions 1 Alas! how far removed from the strictness of Christian life are the habits which pre vail amongst those who would reconcile a life given to the world with the duties which faith prescribes ! Some few moments given to the formality of a prayer, flnd hours spent in vanity and self-complacency— days, it may be nights, given to dissipation ; nothing done for God's service; nothing in charity towards others ; total indifference in all that regards the sal vation of others and the advancement of religion — in all that regards the life to come ; an ardour that knows no control in all that regards the present. What must be the necessary result? A total ex tinction of faith as a motive to holiness of life. Whilst we practise our religious duties with fervour, and so live us to render all our actions and intentions subservient to the great end of our being, we feel in all that belongs to religion great consolation. The world and its enjoyments vie use as though we used them not. When, however, we have permitted the )ovc of the world to enter the soul, the case becomes reversed. We hoped to serve two masters ; we find it impossible. To believe all that religion proposes to our belief — to hope as she teaches us to hope — to fear as she teaches us to fear, and to live in a manner altogether at variance with her teaching, is a con tradiction too glaring to be long endured ; and hence, to that clear, distinct teaching and conviction succeed doHbts, which, in themselves unsatisfactory, we will iiuk CAUiiiiuu , aim uii iijioi. uwuulO) lui LUC nilivc Mi present contentedness, we are willing to commit our selves. But what ie this but infidelity lurking in the heart, and decoying us to our eternal ruin f Dearly beloved, it is quite in the right order of things that this abuse of God's goodness in our re gard should be followed by a withdrawal of His grace. Be mindful, says the iloly Ghost, to one who no longer fulfilled his duties with fervour, be mindful whence thou art fallen, and do penance, and do thy first works, or else I come to thee and will move tliy candlestick out of its place except thou do penance. — Apoc. 2. 5. Of the tree which produced indeed leaves, but no fruit, a type of the Christian in name but not in practice, it is said, Cut it down. — Luke 1 3, But behold these three years 1 come seeking fruit and I find none; cut it down, why cumberelh it the ground. And the same truth is made manifest to us in the parable of the slothful servant who turned to no advantage tho tuleut which had been given him ; —the talent was taken from him, and , he himself consigned to reprobation. Alas! how often is this iculisad in the world. Blessed be God for his goodness towards us ! we must acknowledge our unfaithfulness, we must ac- ; knowledge that the world has well nigh taken posses, eion of our affection ; still, not beyond recovery j. and as by the neglect of good works faith goes on from decay to utter extinction, so it is by the accomplish ment of goud works that it is to be restored under the divine grace to its fulness of life. Let us meditate on the example of the Centurion mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles — 10 c, v. 1. Here is a man immersed in the errors of the Pagan world, surroun ded by its corrupting examples : nevertheless he was a man who feared God and taught his household to fear him, a man who distributed largely his wealth to the poor, aud a, man who was assiduous and forvent in prayer. Wherefore we are informed that this man saw an Angel of the Lord coming to him manifestly, and saying unto him Cornelius, and he be holding him, being scixed with fear, said, what is it Lord : And he said to him, thy prayer and thy alms have iisceiuled for a memorial in the sight, of God, and How send men to Joppe, and call here one Simon who is called Peter : he will tell thee. what thou must do. Meditate on' this example, Christians of the world, who : by your love of the world, and of its pleasures, by your eagerness after its applause, it's wealth, have well nigh forgotten that you nrc Christians. Meditate on this example, je who have been setking and seeking the truth, unwilling lq .forsake that funn which birth, friendship, fashion, it may he, ende.ir to you, but in which your souls find not thut rest which is ol God. IladCorno )ius neglected the duty of prayer, if with a large .heart uud liberal hand lie had nut distributed his substance according to his means, a Pagan born, '?',. in Paganism he would haw died. . Ah, Dearly Be loved ! like Cornelius, be fervent ill prayer, be bountiful in your charity, let your heart feel for the jipirituul and temporal wants of the hundreds amongst whom you live, be zealous in all that ap pertains to the service of God, and faith will be re suscitated or receive its birth within you. Peter will be sent to you to tell you what you arc to do. Divine grace will accomplish the good work. Fear not, only let your prayers and alms ascend as a memorial before God, ami an Angel will descend from heaven to guide you rather than that you ;should perish. ''? Oh ! meditate, I repeat, on this example, for it seoins needod fov your especial instruction and con solation. It is not, believe me, the understanding which requires instruction ; it is tho affections have gone astray. What motives influenced the Cen turinn to be fervent in prayer, and active and gene rous in deeds of beneficence ? Not even exnlicit faith in Jesus Christ, for the knowledge of Jesus Christ was not yet communicated to him. Not the knowledge of the Jewish dispensation, for he lived in a heathen city. But the same light of reason which, strengthened and perfected by divine grace, communicated to him the existence of a Supreme Being; — the manifestation of His attributes as de. clared by all creatures ; — tbe feeling he had within himself, that on his Creator he was totally depen dent,— likewise 'made known to him the duties he had to practise. It impressed upon his mind the solemn obligation of imitating his Creator, the source and model of all perfection, in His beneficence. Reason, aided by divine grace, to which, on his part, there was faithful correspondence, taught him that if he was a father, it was his duty to provide for his children and household, and to instruct them, and to bring them up in the love and fear of God ; that, being a man, endowed with reason and various faculties, it was incumbent upon him to pray, to ask pardon for his daily transgressions, and endeavour to make atonement for them. You have knowledge, you have means, motives, to aid and influence you, which tbe Centurion did not possess. Follow his example — be exact in the accomplishment of the. duties which charity and piety prescrihe, fervent and assiduous in prayer, doing good in word and work according to your means and opportunities, and the reign of faith will be soon established in your hearts. Dearly beloved, consider the admonition of Jesus Christ to the Jews as addressed to yourselves : — Walk whilst yet ye have light. The Jews had hardened themselves ia their unbelief. Their night was fast approaching, when no man could work. Still they had light — still cnuld they, if they chose, dis cern the true light which shineth even in darkness; thus faith may be nearly extinguished in you, yet not wholly so ; else, whence that remorse you feel from time to time — that uneasiness which neither the dissipation of the world nor its occupations can remove. Ah I have you often said to yourselves, would that I had back the days of my innocence — would that I was now what I once was ! .Would that I had been taken out of this world before I ex changed the happiness of a virtuous, fervent, humble life, for a life of sensuality, of vanity, and of. folly ! I have tried in vain to serve two masters. From the world I have met with disappointment. Permitme, my God, even now to turn towards thee. Alas ! what am I ? I acknowledge my Creator, my Redeemer, and I have passed days and days without one act of homage — one acknowledgment of Thy mercy, in my regard. I hare squandered away my time, my means, on self. What have I done for God, for eternity ? Even in appearing to servo others, I have idolized myself. That spark of faith which still remains, do thou enable me to cherish. Refuse me. not, O Lord,' thy saving grace. Save me, or I perish. May I now return to Thee, my God, and my all ! May 1 desire to serve Thee, and Thee alone, that by good works I may make my calling and election sure, that so an entrance may be ministered unto me into the everlasting kingdom of my Lord and Saviour. The grace of our Lord Jesim Christ, the love of the Father, and the sanctifying influence of the Holy Spirit, be with you all. Amen. . t JOHN. BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. The period for the accomplishment of the Paschal duty will commence on the first Sunday of Lent, and continue until Trinity Sunday inclusive. A plenary indulgence will be obtained by all, who, having received worthily the Holy Sacraments within the s;.id period, shall ofFer their. Prayers for the conversion of Sinners. On Sundays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, in struction will be given in tue Metropolitan Church of St. Mary, with Prayers and Benediction at seven in the evening. It is directed that these or other devotional exercises be given, as far as practicable, in all other churches. The following Dispensations are granted for the Lent of 1859. If further Dispensations be re quired, application is to be made to your respective Pastors, who are authorised to exercise their discretion in such concessions, THE FOLLOWING ARE THE DISPENSATIONS FOR THE LENT OP 1859. We permit a small collation to be taken in the morning and evening. Yielding; to the weakness of many who have de clared their inability to fast without the use of some oleaginous substance, with the sanction of our late Holy Father, His Holiness Gregory XVI., we permit a small quantity of butter to be used either ac the morning or evening collation, with bread, pro vided no other article of luxury be used. We praise, however, the conduct of those who deny themselves this dispensation. We permit those who, from circumstances, make their principal meal late in the day, to take the col lation in the middle of the day which is usually taken in the evening. Eggs are allowed on all days, except Ash Wed nesday and Good Friday. Cheese and butter are allowed on all days -nt dinner. During the four first days, and the four last days of Lent, abstinence from meat is to bo observed after the manner of our forefathers. Meat is allowed on Sundays, Mondaj's, Tuesdays, and Thursdays, beginning with the first Sunday and ending on Palm Sunday, inclusive. — On all days, except Sundays, at dinner only. By the order of the Most Reverend the Arch bishop, H. G. ABBOT GREGORY, D.D., Vicar General. Mr. Ckibb, M.L.A. — A letter having appeared in the North Australian (Ipswich) accusing Mr. Cribb, M.L.A., of sectarianism and bigotry, that gentleman addressed a letter to the same paper, denying the statement, and calling on the Catholics of Ipswich ' to exonerate him from tho charge,' to which an answer, signed 'Another Catholic,' appears, in which are the following remarks : — ' It will not be denied that Mr. Oribb voted against Mr. Plunkett at the per secution that followed that gentloman after his dismissal from the Board of National Education, thereby inflicting the greatest insult he possibly could on the Catholics, not only of this town, but of the Colony ; and wo charge Mr. Cribb with ' sectarian bigotry' in giving 'this vote. But we go further with Mr. Cribb himself, and charge him with ingratitude, for the very obvious and simple reason that tho Catholics of Ipswich are his chief customers. It is true that Mr. Cribb nover employs a Catholic tradesman, either carpenter, bricklayer, mason, tailor, or even shopman. I freely admit that one man, a cooper, got occasional jobs from him before his election ; but the unfortunate cooper, having voted against him, had to look elsewhere for work. It is also true that Mr. Cribb gave his vote and influence against the Nation newspaper being admitted into the School of Arts, on tbe erroneous and unfounded principle that it was ex clusively a Catholic paper. I do not wish to use any strong language to Mr. Cribb, and only point out tho above facts partly for his own guidance and partly to show him that we have no cause to praise, though we forbear to censure. Nor has it passed our notice that Mr. Cribh's name is not on our list of contributors for the new Catholic church. The moment he does any act of private or public jus tice or chiirity to the Catholics of Ipswich, they will take more pleasure in recording it than his faults.' A man named Milton, living about twenty miles from Mudgee, was bitten on a wrist by a centipede, whilst in the act of loading a dray with shingles. Dr. Ramsay was sent for, who found the patient in a state of collapse. Inflammation had extended along the arm to the shoulder, and thence to the chest and the abdomen. He was suffering acute pain and died of peritonites the same evening, leaving a large family of young children. The Border Post states that a requisition is in course of signature, calling upon Mr. Hay to oiler himself for re-election for Murrumbidgcc. 