CORNWALL CHRONICLE C0hlMEROIAL,AQRICVLTURAL NA VA L, & IlIIJTAR Y REGISTER. LMIt bo Impressed upon your minds, let It be Instilled Into your children, that the Libkeiv or rns Pbhsb Is the palladium of all the civil, political, and re. llglout rights of ao Englishman.— Jonidr. Ubrhtt with, danger is to be preferred to slavery with aoourity.— Sjllubt. Wednesday Mounisq, Nov. 0, 1859 DEVON. In our last issue we spoko of tbe resources of the Western District, and pointed out tlie desirability of a Hail way beiug undertaken throughout tbe entire distance from Launcoston to the coast, in order to facilitate the transit f produce to market, which is the ' ono hing needful' to open up this fine tract if country. Connected with this sub set is ono point which it behoves tbe uhabitants not to overlook — viz*, (be ihoice of fit persoiiB to represent their nterests in Parliament, Now, however nuch we may differ in politics from Mr. STairn, the member for the district in he upper House, we believe him to be i man of great ability, and one who hut lie welfare of tbe district at heart, and herefore one of the best men that !ould have been selected by the electors -f tbe Meandor as their representative. 1 vacancy will shortly occur for Devon a tlie lower House, and it is most de iirable tlmt our n-ostern friends should lecure the services of an eligible caudi late in tho room nf the retiring fheru wr who curries with him to the old ;ountry the thanks and best wishes of bis constituents. We regret that no gentleman of local standing has, as yet, been icdueed to come forward. The only candidates wo hear spoken of are Messrs. I. Sberwin, of Launceston, and T.»J. Knight, the solicitor general, and it cannot bo said that either of these is the ' beau ideal' of a member for Devon. Tbe former gentleman, it ap pears from actual observation and en quiry made in various parts of this vast district, has not the ghost of a chance of being returned, and therefore we may dismiss him without further comment. Tbe latter is spoken of as a more likely mnn, but is by no means popular. Mr. Knight is a gentleman of considerable classical and legal attainments, and in private life i« highly respectable, rich and btingy, but he is a perfect stranger to the district, aud his position as So licitor General ties him body and soul to the present ministry, which is a very rrTAVPi obiection t.n his nftnrlidnl.nrn. Ha is introduced to the electors hy the re tiring member, which is certainly so far iu his favor, but it will not have escaped the observation of our readers that Mi- Gibson does not urge Mr. Knight's claims in very strong terms, merely ' suggesting' his name to the electors, as no local man will come forward, which is certainly not over flattering to the Crowu Lawyer whom the Ministry is no anxious whould be ' pitch-forked ' somehow or other iuto Parliament. Now we do not think the electors will be serving their best interests by returning a lawyer at all, for as a ge neral rule the fewer lawyers in Parlia ment the better. As a. body they do Dot make good members, their profession naturally leading them to take a ono sided view of matters, and to twaddle and split hairs on all questions under diacusaion ; and we therefore say to tho electors of Devon, 'If you can belp it, don't return a lawyer as your represen tative.' Cboose, if possible, some man of local standing possessing knowledge of your wants, and ability to advocate your interests in the Legislature, who will neither offer to the Government universal support, nor factious opposi tion, but who is determined to press tho claims which the district has upon the land fund for grants in a\i of roads, bridges, and public works, which by opening up the resources of the district would benefit the whole colony. We are glad to see that a grant has been made for a road to tho new gold field on the (nglis, for there is every probability of tbe outlay being amply repaid. Indeed our golden prospects are brigbteniug on all sides, but even supposing no gold field at all exist d in the district it has yet resources which only need developing to render it one of the most prosperous portions of the colony. On the inhabitants themselves rests the prosperity of Devon, and it will say little for their patriotism and less for their wisdom if no local candidate will come forward for the honor of a seat for the county in the House of As sembly. We have no wieh to dictate to the electors whom to return but simply point out that neiiher of the two candi dates, who are a* yet spoken of, is eli gible, and that if through apathy tbe electors fail in placing ' the right man in the right place' the interests of tbe district may materially Buffer. It ia of the highest importance that a fit and proper person in every sense should be chosen as Mr Gibson's successor, and surely there must be many in the district able to represent its interests in tbe House, and possessing ample means and leisure, yet it would seem that they fbrink from the responsibility, and compel the electors to send all the way to Hobart Town for an indifferent representative, who having sat for tbe Huon for. some time was rejected by his constituents, the very first op portuuity they had of expressing the sense they entertained -of bis political services, and yet this is the only candi date who is said to be at all likely to be returned tor Divon. And indeed, it no more candidates present themselves, it will be almost ' Hobson's choice' with tbe electors, for the other aspirant is certain to be ''no where' in the contest. The district bas up to the present time had an excellent repre sentative in either House, and it is much to be regretted that ono of them is about to resign the trust reposed in him ; but, such beingtbe fact, theelectors nuiBt be up and stirring, and seek from among themselves an eligible member, or they will be made a convenience ol by the Government who are anxious to obtain a Brat fcr a useful voting machine, and they will very likely succeed if more activity in tho matter is not displayed. We could name several eligible candidates, but would rather leave it to the good sense of the electors themselves to choose whomso ever they think most worthy of the honor, again reminding them that their own welfare in a great measure de pended upon the choice they make. Devon, with ito fertile soil, fine river*, and incipient gold fields, is already con spicuous amongst the Tasmaniau coun ties, aud the honor of watching over iU interests, and endeavouriug to etill further develop its resources should be un object of honorable ambition to its leading inhabitants. Will none of them consent to sit as its member in tho House of Assembly ? Will they suffer themselves to be handed over to the naro of a stranger who can neither know their wantB half as well ob one of themselves, and who, oven if ever bo de sirous to redresB their grievances, is powerless to act independently on ac count of his position with the Govern ment P 