KENSINGTON. LECTURE BY REV. G. O. VANCE. This gentleman lectured to a numerous audience in the school-house of the above township, on Tuesday evening, His subject was "Popular Superstitions." The chair having been taken by the Rev Mr M'Jean nette, the lecturer asked the indulgence of his listeners on the score of great fatigue. Popular Superstitions or Delusions, Mr Vance commenced, might be viewed from two aspects—from their quiescent side, when regarded as found in the countries that gave them birth, surrounded by the circum stances out of which they grew and the ideas with which they harmonise ; and from their side of terrible activity when passing the borders of their natural home, they sweep through the world like pestilences with fero cious outbursts of barbaric violence, and mar the serenity of the Christian religion with the demoniac excitation of the fol lowers of Moloch and Baal. He would briefly review them under both aspects, namely as national superstitions and as popu lar delusions. "Popular Superstition" was in most cases the genuine growth of a natural situation. In some cases indeed, as in the Hindoo divisions of caste, the New Zealand System of Taboo, the religion of the Peruvian Incas, is, the ceremonial of Egypt and of Rome, we find political purpose guiding national ima gination with a view to the conservation of valuable animals, the maintenance of the sanc tity of an order, the support of a particular dynasty or form of government. Snch cases were, however, exceptional. As a general rule a nation's delusions were of spontaueous growth, and were effected to no small extent, it' not mainly formed, by her natural posi tion, religion, and history. Mr Vance said he could occupy hours in illustrating the effect that natural position, scenery, and climate, had in imparting character to popular superstition; for in stance, take Russia; now what color should we expect her superstitious to assume. Beneath the rays of a fervent sun, when the heat consumes the physical energy and moral strength, when a remorseless despot ism enchains the aspirations and determines the fortunes of a countless population, when the mind having no real work is prone to meditate on the mysteries of its condition, what'delusions should we expect to find exercising dominion over the general mind, other than the haggard idea of an irresistible destiny ? Again, in the deep night of Ger man forests, or in the lofty solitudes of Helvetic Alps, when the only voices heard are those of the storm and the torrent, and the most familiar shapes are the wild up heaving of the crag and the fantastic wreath ings of the mist, could we be surprised if a creative fancy of men, unskilled in delicate subtility, should fill the darkling glades with shadowy figures, and see on the moun tain sides gigantic forms, and hear in the rush of the blast the neigh of the wild huntsman's horse, and see in the fitful gleam of the cataract the smile of Kuklebor—the water demon. In Arabia, all the tales sung at night around the firo of the bivouac par take of the wildness of the desert. Kings that reigned before the Flood,—giants that ruled over pre-Adam generations—angels sojourning on earth in expiatory seclusion— toiling Genii who build cities in a night horrible afreets—the children of Eblis, are all the natural offspring of the poetic brain, nursed among solitude that seem well lugh infinite, in the presence of monuments that have given the challenge to time and in the bosom of a race that dates from Ishmael. Mr Vance next proceeded to trace the connection of superstition and scenery; he pointed out that Italian skies have never given birth to the cloudy grandeur of Scan dinavian mythology, or the vineyard of the south given a shelter to the group of hideous malevolent spectres, dwarfs, and gnomes in which a Gothic fancy delights;—nor, on the other hand, could northern sky or island fog ever have nurtured the delicate summer fancies which lie in the productions of Greece and Rome. Our very fairies were not indigenous to England, or we had never banished them. Legends that spring from the soil remain rooted in the soil for ever. They were brought over with most of our graceful lore from the East by the crusaders. We gave them a home in the days when we were a careless, romantic, May-pole-loving generation, but our great national interests began to work, and the mighty English nature shook off the whole fabric of poetical illusion and imported sentiment. The superstitions connected with the sea have two aspects, as the ocean itself has two aspects—one playful and the other terrible. Mr Vance here quoted an article from Dickens' Household of an imaginary ship which was so large that the captain had to gallop along the deck to give his orders: the sailors who climbed up the rigging turned old men before they came down. The lec turer then drew a vivid picture of the deadly superstitions of sailors, and gave some re markable illustrations alluding to the phan tom ship, which even in our own time is supposed to sail in a storm, in the very eye of the wind. The effect of a nation's religion upon her superstitions was clearly shown. In coun tries where the lowest type of religious idea is found, it is difficult to draw the line be tween national superstition and na tional worship — it is because that the worship never rises above the supersti tion. The first genuine superstition found was Fatalism—the belief in an all-controlling relentless Deity. Mr Vance then explained the cause that led to the popular delusions of Astrology and Oracles, which latter super stition did not long survive Christianity. The third influence, that of Historic association, upon the formation of Superstition was thoroughly traced and enforced by numerous and most interesting illustrations. Mr Vance then came to the second part of his theme—Popular Delusions, few of which appeared to have sprung out sadden and in tense in the land which gave it birth. Their fatal and overwhelming effects had been ever produced at a distance from the scene that called them forth. No instance was to be found of a delusion more widely spread or more fruitful in tragic results than the belief in witchcraft. For the origin of this belief rye must look to the North. A belief in witchcraft had been traced up to very remote ages. Herodotus speaks of a city, supposed to be Timbuctoo, as inhabited by dwarfs, who were every one of them enchanters. Plato tolls us that the Thessalian witches had power to draw down the moon, but that they purchased the price by the loss of their toes. The Laplanders, we know, believe that witches have the power of controlling the winds. What chiefly seemed to fix the belief on the minds of our fathers was the apparent confir mation to it afforded by Scripture accounts. Moses says--" Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." Saul consulted the witch of Endor. On these grounds Sir Matthew Hale pronounced from the Bench that there was doubtless a crime of witchcraft, and accordingly he sentenced two girls to be burned alive as witches. In spite of Sir M Hale and Sir J. Brown (the exposer of popu lar delusions in his own day) it is certain that the idea of a witch in the days of Saul and Moses was not the same as in the reign of James I. In the middle ages the ideas as sociated with the word "witch" was that of a female, who, by the agency of Satan, per formed operations beyond the reach of human skill, in consequence of a compact with Satan, written in her own blood, by which she re signed herself to him for ever. It was, Mr Vance asserted, a great mistake to imagine that this delusion derived any support from the passage of scripture quoted. Scott had well shown that what was called in the bible witchcraft was really idolatry, which was punished with death Nor have we any right to say that the witcli of Endor wrought any personal marvel. The scripture account rather implies that a miracle from God was interposed before her magical rites were begun. Still, groundless as this notice was, it passes all belief how madly our ancestors entertained it, In many of the smaller towns Germany 200 or 300 witches were burned annually. Nor were the old and ugly the only victims—children of five years old; noble, beautiful ladies, many of the parochial clergy, the Grand Master of the Holy Order of the Templars, suffered for this crime. A Chief Justice of Scotland died under its imputation. A whole school of girls were indicted for it by our then Governors. Not merely indi viduals, but large bodies of men were perse cuted for participation in this sorcery. Nor can the Protestant churches boast of greater illumination. Lutherans and Calvanists sent their thousands to the stake. If Innocent V. issued a bull against witches, Edward VI. made witchcraft a capital crime in England, and James I. wrote a book maintaining its existence. Three thousand witches were burned by the Puritans in the time of the Long Parliament Up to 1718 sermons against this crime were preached in the Church of England University town of Cam bridge. Pricking for witches became a good trade—one by which an expert knave might earn in those times 20 shillings a day com fortably. Louis XIV. was one of the first soverigus in Europe who rose superior to this delusion, and who refused to sign the warrants of the impotent wretches who could not out-weigh the parish Bible, or whose clothes forbade their sinking when thrown into the water. His example was soon followed, and a re-action took place fatal to this belief. The last places in which the epidemic raged were Sweden and Germany. The lecturer afterwards dwelt at some con siderable length upon the various forms of the witch-mania prevalent in different coun tries, and then proceeded to describe the dreadful mania called after the vampire. The system of slow poisons, as practised in the middle ages, Mr Vance said deserved a place in the catalogue of delusions. He described how the horrible practice spread over the Continent, its general agents being ladies of high birth In England the punishment for it was boiling the criminal to death; there existed in Spain a society of ladies for poison ing their husbands. The existence of this society was not detected till the number of gay young widows began to exert general surprise. Mr Vance took that opportunity to denounce the present easy sale of poisons, and gave a general caution against such pur chases, supposing the fatal epidemic should again prevail. The alchymists, the lecturer said, deserved from him a more extended notice than he could give. No delusion claimed a greater antiquity; its objects are well known— namely to transmute the base metals into gold, and to procure an elixir powerful enough to keep ever alive the vital caloric preserving the human system from suffering the effects of disease. Some of the adepts were men who might have contested the prize of science with our Herschels. Raymond de Lulli engaged in the search for the noblest motives of philanthropy—namely, to pro cure sufficient wealth to prosecute the great design of evangelizing the Moslem populations, a design to which a year after he fell a martyr. Roger Bacon, in the course of his studies, invented gunpowder and the magic lantern, and is said to have discovered the properties of the telescope. Paraselius, a more imagi native scholar, invented that system of Sym bolical Philosophy to which we owe the in troduction into poetry of sylphs and sala manders, &c;, so frequently met with in Pope's " Rape of the Lock." The lecturer proceeded to define the various sects of alchymists, and dwelt upon their character istics. From the alchymist, he passed on to the magnetic philosopher, and gave some most amusing illustrations of the curious way in which this unknown influence worked, and the delusion built upon it. In closing the lecture, Mr Vance said that he had hardly commenced. A writer had said the list of human folly is to be written in 800 volumes, and that he had hardly sup plied a few sheets towards the preface of the first What an ample field of materials would yet have to be exhausted! The medicine men of America—the dreamer of New Zea land—the exercise of Bowhame in India— second-sight in Scotland—the good people of Ireland —the Bunyip of Australia — and ghosts everywhere. When, then, shall society find her safeguard against superstition of a more malignant character. We must trust to circumstances for our safety. We must look to that Power that drove out idolatry from the nations as its Master drove out de mons from men's bodies. Mr Vance con cluded his lecture with an eloquent declara tion that it is by the spread of Christianity over every part of the globe that popular super- stitions will be conqured. The above report is an exceedingly meagre and unsatisfactory one of this instructive lecture. It need hardly be said that its delivery was listened to with marked atten tion, and closed Ms lecture amidst most respectful applause. . ■ being seconded by Mr Miller, was carried by acclamation. 