VRKSIDENT,MONROE. AND HIS DOCTRINE. * ... (From the New York Tunes.) Iftherebeany sense of earthly things in your set free, the late President Mon- You must look with mingled scorn and surprise upon the scene of his mortal labors. With scorn certainly, as finding that the lapse of 30 years has made men so wiser that grave national questions are handled now. as in his time they were, in the spirit of sixpenny partisan passion and that the highest office in the land has become a mere Court of Appeals for Tam marshall, in which the squabbles of New Torr wire-pullers take precedence of the most important debates of war and peace between the nations of the world and only with surprise, to find that he himself is playing a part he never dreamed of in his country's history that his venerable ghost (left sleeping quietly so long within the borrowed grave to which his i country's prudent economy consigned her chiefs remains) has been invoked to stand before the Secretary of State's office and warn all foreign intruders off these premises doing a kind of mystical police- man's duty towards the kingdoms of the earth. In the year 1823 Mr. Monroe, then President of the United States, was advised by Mr. Bush, then our Minister at London, that the Holy Alliance of Austria, Russia, Prussia, and France, having resolved to set the European house in order by knocking Riego and the Spanish Liberals on the head, had also determined to bring America to reason, to re- establish the Castilian sway in the New World, and to strike down in every place within their reach, whatever Power dared assert itself as founded on the right of the people to self-government. This determination, however veiled, was a virtual denunciation of the tenure by which the House of Hanover held England, as well as of the claim of the United States to an independent existence. England had, therefore, abstained from and protested against the joint action of the other Powers, and through her Minister Mr. Canning, she advised America to do likewise. Inspired by his Secretary of State, John Quincy Adams, who was always ready to take up the gauntlet of despotism, whenever he found it thrown down on either side the Atlantic, Mr. Monroe responded to the appeal of England, and gave the rulers of Europe to understand, in the mildest terms compatible with truth, that "we should consider any attempt on their part to extend their system to any portion of this hemisphere as dangerous to our peace and safety." "With the existing colonies or dependencies of any European Power, said Mr. Munroe, "we have not interfere I and shall not interfere. But with the American Gove nments who have declared their independence and maintained it, and on whose independence we have on great considerations and on just principles acknowledged, we could not view any ¡uterposiiioufnr the purpose of oppressing them or controlling in any other manner their destiny, by any European Power, in any other light than as the manifestation of an unfriendly disposition toward the United States" .... " It is impossible," he continued, " that the Allied Powers should extend their political system to any portion of amber continent without endangering our peace and happiness; nor can any one believe that our Southern brethren, if left to themselves, would adopt it of their own accord. It is equally impossible, therefore, that we should he hold any such interposition in any form with indifference." Again, in December of the ensuing year, 1824, Mr. Monroe alluded to this subject, for the purpose of asserting the completeness of the organization of the New World, The old " open territories" of the Americas, over which, with a sublime disregard of the heathen aborigines and their disgusting rites, the Pope had exercised so absolute an authority, giving them away to his faithful sons, were now, asked Mr. Monroe, to be considered as closed. No Power was henceforth to take with the colonists of Europe such liberties U those colonists had taken with their tawny predecessors. We had either cx terminated or suppressed the natives to that degree that we, with our Spanish friends to the south of us, had ourselves become the genuine natives. Henceforth We should require to manage our own affairs, and, to settle our own waste lands, In our own way. This was a discreet, decisive, and authoritative proclamation. In fact, it opened an era of history. It announced the formation of an American system, which might undergo many modifications, but which must find its own law, and be within itself what Europe was and it-a self-administered, self-controlling World of diverse interests, balancing and balanced under the operation of influences native to the general States. It was in this way the corollary of the declaration made the year before, and, as will be seen, had less reference to America beyond our limits than to Europe. It had, indeed, nothing to do with " manifest destiny," IN now commonly understood with the intention of the area of freedom-with answering. or with Filibusterism. . edges seen, whether we are not right Ju . ~ that the shade of President in, saying, m indeed be startled from its Monroe would ^ propriety in shades !) propriety (if there. ^0))r¿e footways pa finding what the _ the has become on the lips and a. "5 5", J's ST General Lewis Cass. For Gene. <* w» appeals to it as his authority for declar. h that we could not peacefully behold the I exercise of a protectorate by a European Bower over any independent State of this continent, even at the request of that State. The appeal is idle. Not to speak of the gratification which such language reeves from the fact that we have looked peacefully on upon at least two such pro electorates one in Honduras and one in Nicaragua - at any time these las)t 10 or 20 years, the doctrine of her Monroe will bear no such construction. It was conceived in a different spirit stud for a very different end. We ourselves hold that General Cass has merely muddled aclearand sound idea. We believe ardently and firmly that the time must come, and will, when any protectorate but that of the United States over an American nation will be impossible and when the flag of this country, will be recognized throughout the continent as the symbol of peace and the guarantee of Order. But we look for the advent of that time to a policy as unlike that of Mr Buchanan and Mr. Cass as any policy can a to a policy of justice abroad and law at home; to a policy constitutional at once said progreSsive, clearing away the in cnmhratLces of the past; by reforms in the case of freedom, and opening the vistas of the future by bold assertions of absolute right. Meanwhile, let us forbear, if but for very shame, to trouble the ashes of our dead President. We have his family among us-its sad remnant, at least in Cared for, wasting away. While we leave them to their lonely want and silent endurance, let us not flaunt the name of Monroe upon banners that he knew not of, nor bear it in the van of enterprises from which his patriotism and his loyal good sense would have recoiled with in digestion. 