Postscript.. No person, it is conceived, can possibly imagine that the subject of the foregoing discourse was inappropriate to the occasion on which it was delivered. The authlor hopes to eteind acquitted of having gone out of-his way to discuss a topic which may certainly ive pain to some whom he re spects. It is not his wish to offend any masn, or any body of men. The present times, however, would seem to require the public attention to be recalled to the points which are here attempted to be examined. The principle of establishments in general has of lato been so exclusively regarded, that the objections to the Church.ot Eng. land in particular have been in danger of being lost sight of. But these, in the estimation of Evangelical Dissenters, are intimately connected with spiritual religion and apostolical Christianity; these it was, that occasioned the nonconformity of their fathers-their positive and personal seces sion from the church, although they saw nothing enscriptural or wrong In a national religious establishment as such. The rise lehd prevalence, in the present day, of what is called the Oxford party, appears to invest this subjectvwith fresh importance. Many of the statements of that party seem to 'Dissenters to be nothing but the necessary results of the fair and full maintenance of wbhat every clergyman professes to approve in his act of subscription. The subject is felt to be very Imperfectly presented in the proceeding pages. A number of particulars are necessarily. omitted, which might have been adverted to, had the discussion taken another form; but it was the object of the writer to allow, as much as possible, in the Individual described, in favour of the establishment, ;and yet to showi that, with all this, Evnn gelical truth and scrupulous conscientious. ness might lead him to feel it impossible to submit to the tremendous demand made by Ithe church on the candidate for orders. It will be very foolish for'any person to impute to the writer himself every senti ment which he felt called upon to express for his imaginary inquirer. It is enougll If there are persons (and there are such) who feel reconciled to the Establishment, or attracted towards it, by the reasonings :sketched, :and the topics illustrated, in the second part of the discourse, whether they are either sound or legitimate, and who ,might yet be repelled by the serious cn siderations subsequently introduced. With s some, indeed,, of thueiquirer's feelings the writer pirofesies?to have 'go6d' dehi of sympithy, and'in: some of hisvliews he perfectly: coincides. It would be very absut?d, however, to think it necessary to point out which these arc. IId the author comnleted his original idea, anothcrsection or two would have been added, showing, that if one li?ke the inquirer, with so many opinjons in favour of the Eastblishment, might yet be conceived to have serious dilliQulties in relation to conformity; how ne:/i tm?re might D)isselters salld excused, wihoe, 1 the result of investigating those very opinions, have found, as they think, reasolns for regarding them as unscriptural and wrong. It was also his purpose to Ichave glanced at the subject of lay-confor cmity, and to have attempted to depict the resonsibility of those, who, denying the doctrines, condlemning the tendency, anld lamenting tile results of the officers of tile ihurch, yet not only sanction all they dissent fronm, but uphold and perpetuate wlhit is admitted to press deeply and pain fully on the consciencies and the character of great numbers of the clerical body. At least, such things have been. Whe ther, indeed, there be any elergymen, or any candidates for orders, in tile present day, who so fhr hold what was once nun derstood to be conmmon to tile advocates of Ecvangelical Religion, as to sympatlhise with the feelings of the individual pour trayed in the preceding discourse--the writer really does not know. Time was, when evangelical clergymen recognised, or were thought to recognisee,Presbyterian, Inldependnt, and other ministers, as mini steis of Christ; to admit that the Episcopal was not the exclusive and only church ; to reject tile notion of priesthood under tile Christian dispensation, except as applying literally to Christ, and ligu ratively to the entire body of tihe faithful and to deny that regeneration by the Holy Ghost could, in any sense, be considered as effected through baptism. Such men were not, perhaps, the bestCChurchmen, but they were the best Apostolicals; and Dissenters willingly rejoiced in their success, and overlooked in their conduct What they did not understand, for the sake of that iri their character which they did. So far, however, has the Puseylte doctrins im bued the minds of the Evangelical party, that it is difficult io know whether the ex clusive and unscriptural side of the above. mentioned points is not 'now, generally advocated by Its adherents. Tis,; it is feared by some among us,' need excite no wonder; as Oxford divinity, in so many of its features, is nothing else than orthodox Anglicanism. Painful, indeed, 'Is' the position of men,who are so placed by what they subscribe, that they must of necessity be inconsistent with' the one of two'things -with the meaning of the formularics cthey accept and use, or with the principles and spirit of Evangelical Religfou. The writer has just received," by the post, a piece of a newspaper, sent by some one, probably, who heard his dis course, containing extracts from a pamphlet of the Rev. Mr. Head, in which this difficulty Is attempted to be met. That gentleman (who recently brought himsclf ,prominently before the public, by address. ing his bishop, in a way whici the writer, for one, thought clerically indefensible), in what appears to be a Letter on National Educatioo, asks, ' What are the princlples of the Church of Englaind" To which he answers, " Not every thing'contained in the Book of Common Prayer. The great cardinsal principle 9f'tho Church of England is, that lshe recogaisen orTinno to be received as mattier of faith, which may ,not be proved from ?eripture." (The capitals and italics are Mr; Head's.) He afterwards adds: "When intelligent Dissenters, such as re. quiro .a text when a doctrine is propounded, inquire of Churchmen 'on what authority do you build lthe doctrine that a child is regene. rate because baptized ?'-it would bec'usoless to reply, 'this doctrine must be right because it is in the ritual." We answer objections more satisfactorily by alleging that our ' absurdities' are not our principles ; but that, on the contrary, they are nullified and neutral ised by, the Articles, the sixth especially. They are, however, very pernicious, as tend. ing to countenance falso doctloo. And so far front having got rid of them, we'bave been verging back to Popery ever since the Re formation ; and by the Hampton Court eon.' ferenco we have bound theseoabsurditics' upon ourselves closer than ever, as the sacra mental part of the Catechism may witness. Do our bishops, thou, help the Church in time of need P Do they address themselves to the Protestant and therefore Apostolic work of expunging from our rituals the doctrines above referred to ? Do they discountenance their enforcement upon the consciences of men ? Do the Right lteverend Prelates remember that ieal for the Catechism Is one thing, and that zeal for the Bible is another ; and that the work which the great Bishop Inas assigned to his stewards is-that they should be found dis. tributing portions of meat from thence.' Now to all tills the reply is obvious " He that can be satisfied with it let him be satisfied." It does not satisfy the pre sent writer. He would not, however, " condemn another man's servant; to his own master he utandeth or falleth." "Happy is he that condemneth not himself 'in the thing that he allowethc." Mr. Head's case is met and answered in the preceding Discourse. He has no right to reject any thing in the Prayer Book as contrary to the Scriptures, after having solemnly subscribed, ex animo, the statement, that there is nothingin it thus contrary. If after subscribing thie thrirty. sixth Canon, a person is it liberty to reject every thing he has admitted to be agreeable to theV Word of God, which Ihe may come to think is not agreeable to It-subscrip. tion is a farce; it can bind no man ; it is a mere recognition of the Bible, leaving the subscriber to his own private interpretn iion of the text. He that is satisfied, that this is what the act of subscription means, and that he is justified before God, and feels in his conscience that ihe Is justified, in thus subscrlbing-putting his name to the declaration that every thing in certain books is scriptural, and then denying this very declaration--ho that can be satisfied with'this, the writer again soys, "let him be satisfied." A thlick pamphlet, entitled "ReAsons for refusisg to sign the Lauy Address to he Archbishop of Canterbury, &c.;, by Tno.~s Evwno ns, L.L.D.," Ihas fallen into the author's lands since tlhe delivery of the foregoing Discourse. Hle finds most ofhlis remarks confirmed and corroborated by it; expressions and language, hIowever, ace Smployed, much more strong and ofleuslve, Se thinkso, than his: yet Dr. Edwarda Sappears to be a zealous and pious Church. rman. An appendix exhibits, through S" Memorials," &e;, the view taken by many Ssuch, of tie errors and evils of the" Counts Tr ITrn KowLBDuno SOCnIETr.' SOne or two strong terms towards tie close of theb Discourse, especially the a phirase in which the inquirer describes (p S45) what his whole professional life would f becodiec, on" tllipritcipI'of sigialg What be lioeicioved, mniglt seem to need an apology. It waVuld be easy, however, to show tiat such lnnguage Is quite authorised by those who lave a right to be heard on such sub jects: It witas intended to have given several instances of this, but the following, as being most recent, shall suflice. The extracts are taken from a small pamphlet,' Just published, entitled "A WOan or EX ILA 5ATon addressed to the Inhabitants of Wystondhaom, by their Curate, on his dis mission in consequence of refusing to apply to them indiscritinatcly the occasional Services of the Established Church." . The author, it would seem, in spite of what his conscience has compelled ham to relinqulsh, still'cherishes an attachment td the Lstab. lishment, and a preference for Episco. pacy: \- Whenever an infant is bnptised, the min. ister:sany : ' Fdrasmucl as our Saviour Christ oaith, none can enter into tle kingdom of God, except he be regenerated and born anow of water and of the Holy Ghost,'&c.;' ;and 'OGi thy Holy Spirit to this infant, that Iheo may be born again,' &c.; And than, in the space of.a few minutes, Ito adds, 'Seeing now that, list child is regenerated,' &e.; And '.Woyieldtheo hearty thanks, most merciful'Fathebr ?thot it hath pleased thee lthe to regenerate thi infatit with thy Holy spirit, to eceelve him 'fodr'th own child by adoption.' &c.; These are salgn iicant words, and solemn indeed are the sb jects they treat of. We can but feel tihat any insincerity-the least semblance of ghule, the slightest approach towards 'a lie,' ,in sanh con nexion as this, is like carreing the works of darkness to the very confines of heaven i and brings to mind the dreadfol charge contained in the fourth and ninth verses of the fifth chap ter ot Acts, ' Thou hast not lied, unto men bpt unto God.' " ves with bhlieving parents, sponsors, and congregations, thsotatemonte made in our bap tismal office do not appear to ae to bo sap. ported 'hy Holy Scripture., And whop the attendants are thoughtless Iad irrolitious I the object sought, a name or rdglatration, 'without any appearance of faith. In the parent or ,sponsor; and the codngrdgtioan'dipersed, 'hd. cause the service' is esteemed a wearisome in terruption, rather tlhain is Interesting exercise of the strongest faithl -i-n tlls case the bap tismal servlce, used by me, would not be hile lanouage of faith, but a tissue offafsehood, told unto God in the soleins language of prayr and thanksgiving. And were I lodnend to use It so, for the sake of ecninruolig to minister hbre, my conduct would be a despicable compound of folly and wiclhedness." After referring 'to the Confirmation and Burial Services, the writer adds: "All this, and much more to same effect, 1 should be applying to converted and un converted, godly and ungodly,in hundreds of cases, were I nse our services as (1 admit with grief) they are very commonly used, even those wshose constant effort it is in their plpt, ministrations, and private intercourse wilthheir flock,' to eface those impressions of false cscuriy, which their osfficil declarations (if they are understood to mean any thing at all) are calculated to produce. "How Ill would such an application of our baptismal and other services accord with the whole of my ministry, In which 1 have endeavoured to teach that men are by nature in a state of apostacy from God, and exposed to his righteous indignation ;-to preach Christ and reconciliation to God through his blood; -and to show that those who being effectually called by God's grace have power given them to become sons of God, ar the 'regenerate,' "members of Christ, the children of God, and inheritors of the kingdon of heaves ;' in dis tlnctlon'from all others who either refuse to hear the Gospel of Christ, or hearing it, remain unrenewed in the spirit of their mind." Believing, as the writer does, that there Is something wrong in all chrches- (for "t there are many Antlchrists;") that some of the spirit of the "maln of sint" though "diversities of manoifestation," is to be met with every where; he would ponder him self, and invite 'others to ponder too, the following awful words of Dr. Doddridge, admonitory, perhaps, to all Protestants, though certainly to some more than others. On the words, in Revelation, xiii. 11 "They have no rest, day snor night, who worship the beast and Iris image, and whoso ever receiveth tile mark of his name;" the devout author just mentioned adds, in his Commentary, the following note :-" When I seriously reflect on. this text, nod how directly the force of it lies against those who, contrary to the light of their con science, continue in tihe communion of the Church of Rome, for secular advantage, or to avoid the terror of persecution, it almost makes mte tremble: and I heartily wish that all others, who connive at those things, in the discipline and worship of Protestant Churches, which they, in their conscienees, think to be sinful remains of Popish superstition and corruption, would seriously attend to this passage, which is one of the most dreadful in the whole Book of God, and weigh its awful contents, that they may keep at the greatest possible distance front this horrible curse, which is sufficient to nmake the ears of every one that heareth it to tinegl." in page 33, it is stated, that I take the words of the baptismal service from the form of its private odministration, because in that no profession of faith and repentance is made for the chikl by godfathersand god mothers; and after this it is added--" This is said, in the Catechism, to be the reason why children are baptised at all; and there are those who retard it as a ground for hoping that they enjoy that which the rite symbolises." VWhon I wrote this, I knew that it was correct, though I could not recollect where I had seen thie Idea ex pressed. I have since discovered that it was in tihe Christian Observer. It occurs in page 791 of the volume for 1836. The editor of that work, in the course of a note to the letter of a correspondent, ex presses himself as follows : "We have never been extreme in our views respecting the language used in our liturgy respecting baptism.WVe have thought that the words might be consistently used, either in referencoe to the undoubted privi leges of Chrlstlan baptism, or in faith sand charity, upon the principle stated In the Catechism, where it is said, ' Why than are infants baptised, when, by reason of their tender age, they cannot perform them P (faith. and repentance.) Because they promise them bothl by thoir sureties; wlsch promise, when they come to age, thelmselves are bound to perform. Upot either of these principles we cau cheerfully use our baptismal service." Idare not trust myself to remark on the above, furtlher titan to say, that I cannot comprehllend hlow any man can "consist ently"- (consistently, I suppose, with Evangelical views)-oand "cheerfully" (ciheerfully, I presume, as to Ils own com placency in tile act) afilrm to God, in a solemn prayer, that lie (God) hoas actually regeneratced a clod hby his IHoly Spirit, be cause threo adults have promised, that, at a future time, he shall "repent and belelove the Gospel." Even thlis, however, is not done when tlhe rite is aldministered in pri vate; and lhenuce tlhe otheralternative alonb remains-"thel undoubted privileges of Chriatlih'laptlsm." What, then, are theod, in tihAeutimtlon of .Eangelical clergymen, that thoy can warrant their "consitetly'. and 1'tbeerfully" saying, what they say? Do thoy believe that they amount to God's rege4oration of the chlllld by h Iloly Spirft If not, how can they affirm it P Tl)o following langunge occurs In the tamqarticle, from which the above extract in taken, in reference to the writers of the Oxfard Traotae. I quote it in the hope that Evaogelical Churchmou will excuse any varstli of expression. into which I may fiav falJen, whenou they see how olergymen writ of each other. I do not apply it, lot it bd understood, to the preceding extract and its author.:-" The absurd ty, the irrational fanaticism, the intellectual drivel. ling under theo abusled name of faith, which dictates such sentiments . . . . must di. gush every intelligent ,man, and make him ot'ihfidel, if he is roeally led to believe that Christianity is a'system sotutterly opposed to common sense." 