Chronicles of Collingwood. The clique has at last fairly dissolved. It has disappeared like ' the baseless fabiic of a vision.'' When it thought it was about to seize Collingwocd in its firm grasp, it becamo reluctantly and painfully aware that its de cease was at hand. Tho circumstances connected with it's last dying utterances were of tho most melancholy nature. A circular had been issued celling upon all Fitzroy patriots to rallj' round Turn the Snob. The circular showed forth in elo quent terms tho present disastrous state of the «olony ; exposed tho evils resulting from tho continued rule of the O'Rowdy adminis tration, depicted in forcible language the anarchy that must arise should the present war between tho Tariff and Land Leagues continue, and called upon all true citizens to muster at the Fitzroy, at eight in the evening of Monday last. The circular was well drawn up, and the Snob rather hugged himself in tho notion that ' ho bad mado it all right this time.' He - lookVnV' forward to being called upon to pre side at a crowded meoting -to be recog nised as once more ' cock of the walk,' — to have thundering resolutions carried, — to have his crony, Toddy Tam, appointed secretary, and to see everything go ' merry as a mar riage bell.*4 ' Short-sighted man can liardly see an inch before his nose.' This truth was brought forcibly to the mind of the snob when an hour after the appointed hour of meeting ho found the company to consist of General Jobson, Toddy Tam, and himself. What was to be donef Retiro in disgust? No, 'perish tho thought.' Let the clique show tho world (of Collingwood) that if it has outlived its popularity, — if it has lost its pres tige, --it will at least, 'swan like,' sing as it gives up tho ghost. A meeting must be hold. It was proposed, seconded, and carried unanimously, that tho General do take tho chair. Tumblers wp.m m. plenished, pipes set agoing, and the chairman proceeded to business. 'Brothers oftho clique,'' he said, 'it must be confessed that our onuo potent institution is but tho wreck of its for mer self. We aro now so weak that ' there are none so poor as do us seivice,' and it will be your sad duty to wind up tie affairs of the association in tho most becoming and solemn manner.' The chairman heaved a deep sigh, wiped his eyes, nnd drank off a glass of ale ns It., sat down. Toddy Tam then with difficulty got ou his legs. ' Gentlemen,' ho stammered out, ' little did I imagino that our glorioun IU9UU1UUU YTim UU UlUUllb LU H1U II prt'lUlUU 10 j end. Whan I look across the table at my worthy freen there, an' think on what he has dune for this locality, an' o' tho black ingra titude o' the i-uir misguided Fitzroyites, I fin' tho ' saut saut' tears come tricklin' doon my nose. My worthy crony the snab, wham I dimly discern ayont the table, was the mitlier o' separation, tho faither o' the Cooncil, the chief o' Kidney's Parliament, and the prime originator o' aw our privileges, an' now ho is left as a cheil ca'ed Wctfsey has it, ' weary an' auld, wi' service, to tho mercy o* a rude stream o whiskey toddy, tno wlnllc is like to send him menseless to his bed or anoath the table. But before my admired freen gets in till a state o' perfect bliss allow me to pro pose a bumper'toast to the memory' o' the clique, an' t(^ the heulth o' the Snob ; an' as 'presentations are now gettin' vulgar, I wad na insult Tam wi' the offer o' even a mull, but. he ean retire to his respective place of abode wi' the prood consciousness that ho has been drunk, or, at ony rate, his health has,' in tho ▼era best o' company. Gentlemen, I am unanimous ia drinkin' ,? I houp.you are.' Toddy Tam hereupon subsided; ho at tempted to light his pipe, but the flame of tho match-paper had more affinity for his nose than for the bowl of the pipe. In short, ' Tam was glorious.' f The Snob tried to ri turn thanks, but his leeungs overcame nun. rie cnaeavoreu 10 arti culate something about the proudest moment of his existence ; ho fumbled in his raull, tried to take a pinch, failed, and sat down amidst great applause. The General declared the motion carried. Tho meeting was not in a fit state to propose a vote of thanks to the chair, and as the General's carriage was at the door, he dr#ve off, leaving the Snob and Toddy 'Jam to be escorted home by Sergeant for a job, shed tears of joy at seeing his deadly foes in a state that was likely to make them suffer from the tender mercies of Johnny Fawkner and Doctor Bennett on the follow ing morning. But Currio did his work well and quietly. The rump got safely homo, and it was known throughout tho district next morning that the clique was dead, and its dredgy drunk. ♦ Councillor Langton's lecture was very suc cessful. A large audicnce attended to hear him, and manifested, by their hearty ap plause, that they had a high appreciation of tho eloquence, talent, and industry displayed by the lecturer. i Lecturing. in Filzroy promisjj^o become somowhat of a nuisance. A genius of the name of Manuel, who can talk for any length of time on anything, or on every Bide of every - thluir. nnd who has uot the facultr of tnllcino for an hour without committing himself to anything, is said to be preparing a lecture on free trade, which is to bo delivered next week. Ho will be opposed by the free traders, who believe him to be a teinporiser, and he is likely to be opposed by the protectionists, who are loud in their declarations that while he professes to serve them he damages then cause. Bright days aro now in store for Fitzroy. An eminent official in H. M.'s service, who, by the way, declines to pay rates, had invited her Miijesty's representative to a dinner or a ball, or something of tho sort. Tho eminent officiul resides in a plebeian street. Tt is not much attended to by the surveyor ; but u, polite hint was given to that functionary, and., of course, tho street was put in applu-pio order. The bulk of tho inhabitants could scarcely believo their eyes when they beheld tho scavengers at work. The whole affair was a mystery ; but it was solved about eight o'clock at night, when tho shabby-genteel street was roused from its torpor by tho advent of orderlies, aide-de-camps, and such like olam jamphery, It is said Councillor Groom intends invit ing tho Governor to a pic-nic on tho banks of the Merri Creek, arid tho inhabitants of tho northern part of the district aro in great Kloe, in anticipation of the affair coming off. They aro Batisliod that the presence of Bancroft and Co. in their locality will ensure tho speedy complotion of ltcilly street drain. An admirable arrangement has been mado by tho East Collingwood Council. It hua bceii settled that Mr Mood}', the Town Clerk, is to have every privilege of a councillor, ex cept that of voting. Ho now takes part in every discussion, and it is understood that, ho is tolerably satisfied as things go now ; but, it is said, he intends endeavoring to got a clauso inserted in tho new Municipalities Act, empowering town clerks to vote. 