W'^^^^mmmn^mmmmmm^mmmmmmmÊmmmmmmmmÊWÊmmmmWmtmÊWÊÊaoamëMmmàmêamWêtmmam . METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ' I \ (From the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday Evening, September 17. ? Circumstances continue to -vindicate that poition of the Bucks' Caucasian theory which assigns to Satur- days a comparative monopoly of those occurrences that necessitate Cabinet Councils, and a consequent large amount of small talk among political speculators of whom Taper and Tadpole are the type and svmbols. To-day is a case in point. That perturbed spirit, the ghost of Yeh, [would it had been laid in the Yellow Sea, rather than in pïoximity to the Bed one !] is seemingly riding on a whirlwind of most anti-Celestial brewing ; and what is to be the direction of the storm there is no meteorological Merlin amongst us pre- scient enottgh to foresee, or hardy enough to announce. The antique wizard of Broadlands, who is ever on the lookout for squalls, and generally finds what he is in search lof, is certainly at work, telegraphing to his dis- persed colleagues to come to the capital, and confer aa'to "what had best be done, and to apprise the Sove Jteigti, and obtain her consent to its being begun at once ; for everything of that sort must be done en regie now ; and the forms as well as the substance of-cansti 'tutional usage must be adhered to. But the Queen is »already ashwell advised in the Highlands as can be any of her advisers in the Lowlands ; for has she not the ?wisest herself at her elbow, Elgin himself, now Bal- moral Minister-in-Waiting ? And if he he rather squeamish us to disclosing certain doings, or rather no-doings, of other British dignitaries in the Flowery Land, she has only to send a cheque for a couple of thousand pounds- just one year's salary of the sacred Phipps-to Edinbuigh Blackwood's, and possess her- self of the manuscript of Mi. Secretary Oliphant's forthcoming journals ofthe wholo proceedings. Thence the Consort could make all needful quotations, with- out aid of Professor Playfair, or any other auxiliary in thoseexcellontcompositionswherewithII.B,.H. has just -been entertaining the pun dit Picts of Aberdeen. Elgin's absence from London, however, at this moment would have been particularly embarrassing, Boeing that the matter to be decided upon is his spécialité; and that to deal with a Chinese puy/.le without him would be like the foreign cook's mistake in boiling the plum spudding but forgetting the cloth, and then wondering 'that the product of the pot was not similar to that ?which accompanies the roast beef of Old England. .Fortunately his lordship, like most Caledonians, is by no means disposed to regard Number One as a cipher ,at a moment of such intricate computations as are now requisite ; and accordingly up he came, per express, ftom the royal dinner table yesterday, and here he has been in deliberation, from three o'clock .till six this afternoon, and doubtless occupying the -lion's share in framing the programme. But then he 'had to leave Lord John behind him; and although there were present all the other Ministers worth men- tioning, except Grenville, who hasn't got over the lost premiership yet, and is taking the German waters for the Bpleen, still unlucky is the Foreign Minister's .absence ; for Jack is now us good us his master ¡ and is determined everybody shall know it. Considering the point he made about the Arrow, as did also arch marksmen Gladstone, Gibson, Herbert, and Card- well, their unanimity now, if unanimous they should b3, will be truly wonderful. It is not wonderful, however, that a belief to the .contrary should stimulate the forlorn and dyspeptio recluses within the frigid shade of the Opposition, and that visions of Finality-upset coaches, and Derby dillies once more in possession of the Treasury road, should begin to cheer the dreariness of the recess through the no longer leafy glades of Hughendon. But everything has to be read backwards in these days, though not therefore necessaiily to the profit of the Hebraic peruser. Once upon a time ive? corpiu, or "Hope told a flattering tale," was the most popular performance of Paganini ; for it is the one theme to which allfiddleto the same tune without ever wearying themselves or each other. Since the burglary of Pandora's box, whence all goods and chattels but Hope was'abstracted, when did Hope tell any tale -that'was not flattering ? To-day is the sole known -exception ; for Admiral Hope's tale .-of the "terrible mishaps of the Poiho is an an- tidote to all aerial castle- building and reckonings of unhatched chickens. Had pre- ceding chroniclers in his position in the same place been equally truthful we should not have been de- ceived as to the situation, and therefore not unpre- pared for the feu d'enfer of the Celestials. These we «re now going to chastise with the help of the French ; and consequently to give practical point to the poverb "which speaks of the employment of ten demons to drive out one. The rumour would bo almost too had to be true were it not that that unfailing harbinger of Bull's humiliation, Cowley, is off to Biarritz, where he is to meet that equally unfailing instrument of our abasement, Nap the First's most vigilant man, Walewski, and his master, and then there is sure to happen, what always does happen when those who have heads put them together against those who have none. Really our plenipo should figure in that collec- tion of national contemporary portraits on steel whose economy of published price is declared^ by the leading weekly critic to-day to be a miracle of cheapness ;-a miracle, however, that is wrought by the usual wonder-worker, gold ¡ for any individual modest enough to apprise his os frontis at the small price of twenty guineas, and .who will make that contribution, may have impres- sions of himself enshrined among the celebrities of the age, and deposited on thousands of drawing-room tables in this enlightened and merit-admiring land of arms, in common with field, marshals, patent pill vendors, secretaries of state, corn-cutters, archbishops, doncine masters, lord high chancellors, horse-taming Ttarey,~Barnum, the Poet Laureate, Spurgeon, the proprietor ofthe Talking Fish, and other Mermaids. The first cost of producing the likeness being thus generously defrayed by the self-sacrificing original, at least in many cases, it isn't perhaps so very aston- ishing that the public should be privileged to possess a copy at a -very moderate figure ; and Cowley is just' the sort of person one would expect to find thrusting himself into such a temple of fame. But .will this country arrive at a consciousness of what must be the consequence of a persistence in the policy he has been but the too plastic and faithful implement of from the hour he officially set foot in Paris to the .present moment ? ? This time twelvemonth the writer, describing his experiences of a hurried trip to the east of France, dwelt on the significance of certain cannon- foundring, bullet-casting, sabre-sharpening perpetual prepara- tions' at the little-visited out-of-the-way fortress-city of Mente, on the Strasbourgh line, to the left of Nancy, and not very far from Verdun, where so many score English prisoners were caged, for a dozen dreary years, under the First Empire, having been pounced upon, without a word's notice, on the premeditated rupture of the Peace of Amiens, as probably would be the case again to-morrow with him of the Second of December. Doubtless the reader deemed those re- marks the merest fantastical hyperbole and irrelevance. They must have seemed so in the then apparent state of Europe ; and the vehement animation reported as pervading every branch of the military executive in the great arsenal of the Moselle was questionless put down to the astonishment of a verdant cockney as an every-day occurrence in a foreign country. Yet what has not happened since ? That was four or five months before the imperial new year's ejacu- lation to the galvanised Hubner told the .world that the electric fluid had accumu- lated in the requisite quantity, and that the bolt .would presently be launched by the Napoleonic Jove. Magenta, and Solferino, and the "Villafranca juggle, have supervened upon that ; and the whole now reads like an old-foreotten storv. with such nhantasma gorio rapidity do events in these days transpire ; " like the lightning, which doth eease to be ere one can Bay -it lightens." And what's in the wind now ? Just what was in the wind then. Another run over the same ground in September, 1859, leaves your corre- spondent with the same impression as he carried away in 1858, only stronger, deeper, more unmis takeable ;-the concurrent testimony of varied wit- nesses, animate and inanimate, being less liable to misapprehension than what then amounted chiefly to individual conviction. " Busy hammers closing rivets up give note of dreadful preparation," as the poet says of the eve of Agincourt. Alack, where is our Henry V. now ! Preparation of what, for what ? ?Why of what or for what could it or can it be but of and for Avar with England ? 'There is no longer any disguise or con- cealment about the matter. People's tongues "are now free enough to wag in their heads on that head in France ; and at a deuce of a rate they do wag assuredly. It was not so this time twelvemonth. Then not a word was Baid concerning England ¡ nor «ven concerning Italy, and veiy little concerning Germany. Now, there is silence preserved in regard to the latter two, simply because they are not worth talking ubout. The Austrian has been squashed, and it is fel' that the whole Teuton lace could be squelched to-moruw, even more readily on the Rhine than on the Po ¡ that it would bo yet easier to repeat Jena and Wagram than Lodi and Marengo have been re-enacted within these last few months. Indee I, exactly the same sort of opinion is felt and expressed in regard to this country. The only point of the least incertitude in France is as to the time when it may please the Emperor to address his " Army of England" the one talismanic word--"Waterloo J His foibearanco inwith ^^âikmmammm^^ holding a notification in the Moniteur lo the effect that the kingdom of Great Britain has "ceased to exist," as his uncle once said of Prussia, is rather puzsiling to the Gauls. But they attribute it to politeness, on his part, towards the lady who rules those doomed isles of ours, and consider that he merely waits a reasonable pretext for entering on the beginning of that end for which alone he was placed where he is, and for which he himself desired to be placed there, in virtue of the name he hears, and of all which that name symbolizes and invokes. As to any doubt about the consumma- tion of such designs, that never occurs to them. They look upon it as a matter of course, and even as n matter of duty to be fulfilled-an inexorable severity chastened by a sort of contemptuous compassion for the fated victim of the man of destiny. There is no swagger, no gasconade, none of the peg-top phi- i lippies that infuriated Tear'em after the Orsini affair, when the fire-eating salamandrine colonels threatened to drag the assassin-harbourers from their den. All that has passed away ; and the French, civilians and military, and much more the former even than the latter, talk as coolly of disposing of unfortunate Bull as Calcraft might have done touching Smethurst before Cornewall Lewis took an ameliorated view of arsenic, and pronounced poisoning and philanthropy to' be as like each other as two peas. The writer is in a_ condition to say, of his own knowledge, that the opinions hero represented as pre- vailing in some [all] of the French provinces in regard to England, pervade certain circles into which they could have only entered as a consequence of their universality in the world of French functionnryism. Nor are they confined to the Bonapartists. On the contrary, they are most keen among the unti-Bona Dartists, with whom the sole chance of the Empeior ever becoming popular is his realisation of what he has declared to be his mission, and without which his whole career, however otherwise successful, must necessarily be a coup manqui. Those small litho- graphic sheets that serve the place of newspapers elsewhere, and which really reflect the sentiments of the community in the countiy parts of France, on all matters where expression is allowed, are filled with tales of the decadence of England, Britannia being regarded as the sick woman of the west, whose hour is as near at hand as that of her poor old friend and fellow.valetudinarian, the Ottoman invalid ; and the idea of her being ,any longer able to rule the waves is treated as though it were a conceit as fabulous as the legend of the Argonauts. Of course lier capacity to resist by land is not so much as taken notice of, and is put aside as .altogether un- deserving of the expenditure of time in canvassing so self-evident a truism as that Perfide Albion may, at any moment it pleases Ciesar, be obliterated in a Veni-vidi-vici bulletin. Capture of London, and all the rest of it, arc assumed to be already des Jails accomplis; and the " arms of precision" arc held to be rather too good to he employed upon so feeble a foe, whom even the Chinese can thrash-a circum- stance, be it observed, which has giren huge delight to our dear friends across the water, let ambassadors and governmental papers on either, side the channel say what they will in the opposite sense, or rather non- sense. Hence there are no longer any statistical calculations and arithmetical demonstrations of facilities of landing on the white shores of the hitherto inviolate isle ; no proofs of the inland resistance to be overcome, and the battles to be won, ere the tri- colour should dominate the flag of St. George from Windsor Keep, and the hall of Rufus again íesound to the wassailry of the conquering countrymen of the nil-vanquishing Norman, eight hundred years intervening. Apropos of the said loyal red-headed gentleman, or rather of his scapegrace father, Duke William, it is indicative of the degree to which the impressions adverted to have obtained in provincial France, par- ticularly among the peasantry, and still more especially among the old Bourbonic clergy, that it. is believed, at least in the eastern parts of the country, that the Bayeux tnppstry is being- got ready to transport to Paris, as it was in the time of the intended descent upon us in the flat-bottomed boats of Boulogne. This famous piece of crochet, compared with which all the web-spinning and unravelling of Penelope wtre as a cambric needle to the Needles of the Isle of Wight, was, as every strong-minded female is aware, a repre- sentation [215"feet long] of the conquest of England, as exhibited in nearly 1G00 figures of men, horses, dogs, women, and other wild fowl, the handiwork of Matilda, the Conqueror's Queen, and her ladies, or, as some say, of the Empiess Matilda, daughter of Henry the First, and her maidens. It has been preserved, notwithstanding many extraordinary perils, in the Hotel de Ville, Bayeux, Normandy, but was removed to the capital in 1803, when the then proprietor of the " star" which the nenhew now worships drew atten- tion to certain indications of the consternation of Harold on his throne at hearing of the intended inva- sion, and beholding a meteor which presaged his ruin, a fiery phenomenon of the like kind appearing in France at the time Bonaparte proclaimed the " sin- gular coincidence," only he didn't complete it with a Battle Abbey, for the rather substantial reason that there was no Hastings to commemorate ; and, accord- ingly, after being hawked about a while to Rheims, Tours, and other Joan of Arc parish settlements, the tapestry was taken whence it came. There it has I since remained ; but it is now reported to be in course of readiness for being unfolded at Notre Dame, which is also being renovated, or rather purified from the hideous gimcrack bedizenment it was polluted with on the occasion of the late imperial christening, papered, and plastered, and gilt and tinseled, all over, like a Shoreditch casino; for " some demon whispered 'have a taste' " in L.N.B.'s ear, and all his tastes are Brum- magen to the last degree, his better half alone ex cepted. Rather a material exception, to be sure, that is, qualified only by the enormity of the crinoline she has countenanced, and against which she has not yet set her face, all reports to the contrary notwithstand- ing. The nether circumference of the feminine anatomy in France is as balloonishly abominable as ever ; and, combined with those 'toxopholite felt heimets now all the rage there as well as here, are enough to drive any reasonable man asmad as a hatter at thought of the thoughtlessness of human beings making themselves look as unlike humanity as possible. A French invasion just now would scarcely improve our modes, meaning thereby our modistes, not our morals. There are some changes for the better in France since last year. The passport janizaries no longer glare on you as though you had a stiletto in your waistcoat, and meant to invest it in somebody's stomach ; nor do they seem to think that you are always ruminating on revolvers and fulminating silver, as was the case as late as this time twelve- month. In all that pertains to this process there is great relaxation, both in Paris and the country. The innkeepers, too, receive you with a bland self-satisfied urbanity that bespeaks their comparative exemption from the eye of the police ; and accordingly they phlebotomize you with the remorselessness of a London income- tax commissioner, the most atrocious specimen of the harpy genus now extant. In fact, the way they dig their bills into you would alone be proof positive that the entente cordiale is at its last gasp ; for British nature couldn't stand such insatiate venesection for another season without declaring war to the knife, and to the fork, too, namely, dejeimer ¡I la fourchette, meaning the price thereof, the only " charge " the English ever shrink from. Add to this, there is a new sort of ogre-like air of patronage on the part of these people that makes one feel about as comfortable as Ulysses when being caressed by Polyphemus while fattening to be gobbled up by that truly phUanthrnpic monster. They manipulate you as Isaac Walton directs you to handle a frog when you go trol ling for jack, " as though you loved it;"-only Isaac doesn't tell you to toady the frog, whereas the frog eaters do toady Bull, but with an uncommonly croco dilish aspect. Said aspect, by the way, is alligatorically, as well as allegorically accurate ; inasmuch as the now almost universal habit of shaving off the whiskers, that is, as close as a French razor and no soap will permit, and leaving the black-blue stubble sprouting out, together with the heavy moustache, and the goat-like tuft on the chin, in the manner of the Emperor, imparts to the physiognomy the air of a veritable cayman, which Professor Owen says is the grandfather of the scaly and slippery deceivers of the slimy Nile. Still there isn't a scintilla of enthusiasm towards the lord of all these lackeys discernible any- where. The sense of the satire and the quizz'ual is too strong in French nature to permit of the affectation of the thing, and the reality doesn't exist. Four, respect, admiration, and even "national pride in hw personal performances, and the gratitude of the gratified amour propre of the country as a con- sequence of these acts, may be felt ; but of the old idolatrous Bonnpartean devotion not a jot can be per- ceived, and nobody pretends it is to be met with. The cut of the beard in the demi-Dutch fashion of the imperial Batavian proves nothing but the rigidity of a routine which would ba equally adhered to under any other ruler, whatever the extreme of the fashion, though certainly none other would entail such self sacrifice ; for none could by rjossibility so disfigure the human physiognomy, and communicate to it that tigre-singe or monkey-tiger expression which their knowing countryman, Voltaire, said was natural to the Frer.ch. " ¡ 