A PHYSICIANS OHOST-. (From AlLthe Year Sound.) : líMí 'is leu to noblo enüs by certain impulsos an' ' excitements. > Amongst them is a doh'glit in th . Inscrutable,- which prompts us onward iorieyer because it points -towards tho : hazy ,Infinito " Thore is aîaecretl "Find-it'out í"¿ was' the'titi oían old'romance, which1 renderédia silly-bool .extremely saléáble.'! There is a Beeret'!' .Find i .out!" .is" written, '.toby:on;rthe''title-page] of life ?] which is not ia silly romance, but an ever nev :''norvel. .rSo-i8trong'iriiUB.is;tht attraction, toward (the' unknown/ that, «if thero be no myatbry¡cloú,'djñj our horizon; we make one: . Like children \whi «'daily' with dread, and'peep furtively.) forth fron . the : dark'f corners '.into (which ítbey.'havé ,nichei I themselves, wc < persist-f-in lurking. amidst th ' mists and shadows-of life,! shunning theiray tba : would- enlighten us; and, though in the J midst a wonders,. feigning>cnore. '¿Hie-spur, of; curiosity ! and . the charm of- doubt, which both 'mailej Edei ' and lost; it, are: potent as.ever inithe humai breast,-so:that the principal pleasure in' running down a secret seems to be in tito ihaüi' itself.-. .. For this' reason; explanations bf mysteries.-ar generally disagreeable to mankind.- What humai being is' ever Satisfied; with" books which prófes ' to refer apparitions,'dreams,-omens, and [so forth to tho delusions-of bur senses,^>r the rríere aberra tibbs ' of our own mortal ?; minds ?' If. Waite -Scott's . Demonology -and 'Hibbert's Theory o Apparitions ; have been read' extensively! it is no bocause they explain .the'-' Wonderful ? stories -thei -contain, but because of the stone» themselves -not' because they-cfo clear up, but because thej =are felt »wt to olear Up;''the'marvels 'which tliej <re!ato ; moreover, great' as may bo thc rjopulái'it of any Clever ' work; that undertakes to Jerplaii . portents and apparitions on 1 grounds' ' that .-an ^-called *' natural," Ike - vogue'' of such a work neve 'yet ! equalled' ' the vogue of a right-do wu book o 1 ghöstatories. (-.Butsro we,1 therefore, to havo'no explanation of the wonderful f ¡Far from it.-' Haman uatyre that loves mystery,' ' also "loves a certain 'kind o: solution. But then, the solution itself ; must -b< also wonderful, mysterious, and obscure. Whc but scorns Mrs. Ratcliffe's wax figure behind th( veil, in the Castle of ïUdolpho ? Even in matter.! of' science and art there must be no disappoint- ment behind the veil which we profess to lift. Would Faraday wield such n magician's rod ovei tho 'British Institution, if he did not refer a million marvels of nature's forces to tho one. infinito, incomprehensible power of electricity ? From-these remarks I trust the reader will infci that, whea l come 'forward,'nbt'only with stories of marvellous things,' bul with a theory to which I refer those marvellous things, I have a particularly -mysterious theory , tb propound-something dark and'infinité-.tho electricity, in short, of the immaterial World. rIfI succeed in'generalising very prcplexing and awful appearances by a law, however strange, which shall be felt efficient; if I cab substitute one mystery for many '; I feel as if I should render sored service to.inankind. Thus shall I encounter, superstition' in her" very dcb, and ajay lier/let mo hopo, by the mere .admission''of light': for, like that singular eyeless' creature, the Proteus, she dies wlion out ] ,of her, Caverned ' darkness. A recognised law kills her ; but; an inadequate law is her ' sustenance. Ia truth, thc ' explainers ' oi apparitions by trite causes'arc h er dearest friends.1 Delusions pf the senses, curious' coincidences, figments of imagination, aro felt to be causes sc poor and' lame, of apparitional wonders! that they only, sorvc as' goads to incessant speculation of an unhealthy and irritative kind. . Tho desire and the, power to investigate the, unknown, are in us aro part and parcel of our cxistonco. Starve the desire, thwart tho faculty, givo thom inappropriate nutrition, and, liko.all'other thwarted dosi'res and faculties, they taketheir'reyonge. .1 proceed tb propound my theory bf forebodings, warnings, apparitions, abd tho like.. I have been consulted, as a Physician, in great numbers ot such cases ¡ I liavo founded my theory on my oxperioucc and my reasoning from it. Tho moral electricity to which I rofer these undoubted phenomena of our being- tho mighty law which is to explain them all, while itself rests unexplained, and is shrined in tho very cloud from, which its lightnings, flash-is, briefly, the influencé of ono human being on another) and pf God upon us all. In order to explain my sol f, I nm afraid I must bc somewhat .metaphysical; rather, according to my idea, I should say, I rejoice I must bo meta- physical : for my explanation wilh. from that necessity, áoquiro more of tho mystical olemcnt, which I consider to bc indisponsablo to explana- tions of tho marvellous. Plunging boldly, thon, into tho far-down depths of the subjcot, I remark that all tiltimato changes of the antcoedonts to . sonsation aro in ourselves -that ' fooling, sight, and ' honring, are personal attributes-subjective faculties, which coticen trato nil outward and objoctivo. phenomena into a man's own consciousness ; that, consequently, what lies out of ourselves ia known to us primarily by its effects. Those who are , grounded 'in this 'importnnt truth, ' may aoxt proceed to consider how far wo oan classify and dosignatO things external. From ' tho subjoctiy'o wo step to tue,, 'objective On consideration; wo find that tho [objoctivo is only, cnpnbld of « two/old'division, that' >' to(' my," the; external universe, "[and yni himself î' eaçh "buvian 'being beéon>lrigrbbjecíi to~oácr¡7 'according, aa these" duàlîtiés come wlth the ifield'of reciprocal pbaérvá~tion._ i 1 -Deducingi God' from iHis ; worts, we have t 'external* world: as ,the> representative j of - tl thoughts bf-God, and bur brother man as tl reflection'to us of our own existence-the obje five representation; of bur inward consoiousne't With the1 ¿xtprñal world we communicate 1 the 'aid' of our j senses ; but, if wie admit ci th intuitions implanted from the "beginningj (whi philosophy ' seems now disposed to ' admit), God communicating '.with : us through hiB.'wor' mediately, _or_ through ¡ our .minds immediate (which latter, theology expressly! asserts), < arrive nt something beyond ibo ; mere j sense In the same way, we arrive at man commur eating with man by means oi his external sensé Wo see, wo hear, wo shake' hands with, and feel. a friend, and, apparently, ,.we¡ recognise t' presence bf another person in a room 'by . other meanB than we do that of ,tho tree in t garden.. .But,. many, phenomona- of iwhioh-mc hereafter--conspire to make an observant m suspect that, beneath the-senses, is á deep recognition of'thai existence of other men-th riot only the' idea external man is essential ai innate,' but that the influence "man' has on m is peculiar,'and not explicable hy the mere actl of the.sonsosi or even of thb-'mmd. rThere isa. vast difference between the,ri ;external world and - the seeming external worl It ia well known that there is a world of inter* vision^ a phantom wcrld within ns, Whioh.ma and 'very diffèrent causes ? may invest wi apparent substance., The cerebral' excitement . fever,';thoso obstructions or organic changes of t brain whioh'produce insanity. Even less : sot such 'fulness of blood-vessels ,aa caused the Bor] bookseller Nicolai to behold ocular! spectra, ms aspell as' many other,physical states' of bein bring about apparent externity-of j objects whi are really' within the camera obsouratof thc mia I Well remember a late celebrated physician Birmingham - telling mo' an anecdote i respect!; hhnselfr ^ \ He was sitting writing at a late hour inct .study/ when," lifting^uprhis 'eye^ jbo' saw, a*' 'thought, his maid-Betty standing close to 1 ?elbow'with a lighted bedroom cabale inlier han Supposing this1 to be a hint that-Betty wan ti him tb gb tb' bed, or'rttther tvas' herselfisleepy.J said to, her, ."'Betty, you may- set -down tl candle and,: go \to'bod. I. don't want anythii more' te-'nlght.'"i. Absorbed in^wriiirig, Dr. '. conceiving- Betty to be gone, didhot- look up f lome time 'after! 'this.-. But when heroin raisi his eyes, there stood'Betty with the «eahdle in h hand aa before., The command to set'it-do.» and .to gp tb. bed was repeated ; bot Betty nev stirred, - At length,- when -this- bad happen, more than two or three times, the doctor, purprisi otp. Betty's supposed perversity^-anld- thinking si -roust'- be- afflicted- with sudden-deafnesay .put o his-band^to -puah^her'rgently ^towards ¿he doc thereby more energetically to demonstrate th alie'': was, bn this occasion, " Matíame de Trop Then,'said Dr. L., I received an unpleasant shot indiacoyering that Butty was but thin air. SJ hand went through the'phantom:; but eyer» th did not disperse her apparent corporeal presbnc I felt'my pulse. ' I . waa in a raging fever, drew but .* 'lancet from- my pboketylét. myst blood,. and aa 'it : flowed from, my,arm, Betty, ti then an obstinate ghost, bent oa not going to bei was laid , in themed sea of.'tho' ^w^^and-basoi which'I'placed-to catch the'sanguine' «ream, an with her departed the danger I" aid rub' of'hav.tn a violent illness. : l- : ! '1- 1 .''."'».».' "":'?''.'.'; .''' ). Eve'rybody'has not the knowledge and preaen'i ^of mind of Dr.-1*. ' Thc apparent externity bot 'of sounds and ; sights,;,where7even,fJjut tjtlîgl ..bodily .ailment, can be/doteoted, is,-,pn BOO: p'cçàsipn's éarprisîng,'. and'.might, 'wcll^álarm even 'moderately iba'truetted mltíd.' Andorf, unfortunately religion, or 'râther want'of religión,-1'should give fanatic' tincture-to hypochondria'c¡sm¿-the wretche feelings of the seemingly haunted man .will reac their acme. Every one ,knows, , of, Luther' wrestlings with tho Dovil, and there exist,'* doubt not, many humble Luthers'.in Vn'odern life Voices, too, out of the air are apt tb* torment th hypochondriac ' ' Cowper, 'and Mrs.1 Unwin' ' wb caught the contagion from ' Cowper, < listened fo audible' communication from the' spirit-world and hoard strange things, from'demon-rogions. '' To such self-wrought impressions'^as these a: .accurate observer is disposed to addfothors whicl cannot be self-wrought. Not'taking- ti one-sidei View of the question/ho allows 'duality in <? thi production of phenomena. Ho does not say whero'man palpably acta on man, that'the whoi thing is automatic ;1 neither does "he' imagine where' two phonomená are found in' ? conjnnctioi many timos,'that they can be 'explained by men coincidence. I refer ? to such1 bases ' as ari abundantly to be found described and'stated -witl undeniable evidence in a multiplicity of works casca whore apparitions of a1 distant1'friend an .beheld by the'persons at the mbmontof the deatt ofthat friend.' - Tho numbor of auch 'authonticatoc cases,'arid the great possibility of their recurrence is a strong argument with rab in favour oft certain mysterious influencé'of human creature on human'creature, which I will call thought impressing. '?'' ''? <;?'.?":'.. ' Hore, then, I take tho two principles in com- bination, namely *. 1st. Whatevor is perceived by us, however seemingly external, exists to us only in our own consoiousnos's. ' 2nd. Man has on man an influence, emanating from mind, and from peculiar' statoB of cprcbral excitement ; an influence whioh may, occasionally, touch the springs of oonsciousneas within another's brain. . These two theorems being allowed; aro at least valuably adequate to the emergencies of human superstition. The irish who knows and says, " I i boar about my own world of. worider in my own brain," is proof against appearances. What shall demonstrate to him the externity of visions, or of " airy tongues that syllable, men's namoa" ever so audibly about him 7 He knows that they can be but tho phantasmagoria, or tho dolusivb echoes of tho inner ohambor. Not only tho knowledge 'that all that kingdom is within him,1 but every article of his faith, shiolds bim from any notion of spiritual haunting. Has i ho not looked on ordpr, and through order, up .to'God? ' Ina flcflh-and blood worTd,'docs ho expect to meet , wi th, any- thing so incongruous os visiblo br audible tpiritg ? Thon, ba behoves that God is Order as well bs Power, and would not permit ono' world to burst upon another in order to perplex and alarm His cbildron, already timid in thoir ignbranoe. I. ;,Yot, if judicious, ho Will not dony what ho'has no, means bf disapproving ; namely,' that 'though' bf rare occurrence, thoro may,bri impressions,on. the ñervos of sensé caused by tho MEtfTAt Aaiioir ofilia felloiy-boings. To preparo my,renders' mind for tho extreme casé of on.'apparent vlBÍoh of ó friend just ns he is dying, I throw tbgother a foiv familiar instnncos of common thought-impressing. Lottors, from friends arrivo soon altor wo Iiavo lind {hose fi Jonds ' atrnngoly present to our thoughts/T Again;, the ? bid proverb 'of,?' Telle \ tliè_ devil' und' he'll appear," is too constant! ~vönuc"d"b'y 'ib'e"'app^uóñ~.^ tl jwrong'mbrhént'. '(when", perbapB¿'we' Pro 'maulic thein . as ' only ' dear'1 friends maul" ono another), i .be''referred to the doctriné ot coincidence. '? An ":obsèfyc,;'?.tbis; ;'phen'orpenbn happons, oftene .where i we expected our friend least,-nay, som times/ when too'inopportune friend is supposed I bo o'thousand miles away. - ' : . '',,\Agaih.; it! often',', happens "th it, as wo walk i _tlio Btreets, wo suddenly think we see a well-know 'face . and' figure, - and - ¡we arc about ¡ to bo iundpubtingly. But np, the staro of surprise in tl person we'half salute-shows us we-were mistake .Wo Ibok mbre narrowly, and we perceive it is ni pur friend ; ' nay, as we approach nearer, we beg to wonder how we could have taken the. strong' .'fer. ;him,.- .''"Tbby.- .. .'«Mike.' But, Mo, c proceeding 'onward a few hundred'yards, we d really ' encounter, our .man. jn prppriâ ¡perooni 'WhyjBhould be have anavant-courier-a doubl BO apropos" and;sb. pertinent to. thc occasion? -hacard-the solution that tho - mental atmospho of our. friend. :bad impressed :ua\ previous to h personal appearance. : , But the. domain in which thought-irhpressir may be best ' studied is each .man's , own hom Persons who? live"..together, acquire, mysterioi 'likenesses,' not'only of-voice but bf face. Tl resemblance ofr-married .-people to ; each otb' , " (which,,',\begari/by;;unlik'cbeij8) is,, proverbial. sympathetic atmosphère envelope? ifamjlics, ai . amongst'every'domestic,oircle, if i tho,attention 1 . qnçe,, d^awn tri. the subject, a great deal;of hupoi influence^ and 'transmission ot silent thought, wi be everywhere,;^ ' ' ' ' "I' pass to: trip, consideration; bf that. speoies 11 impression rori. the', sensbriura of ;another|whioh produced' by the1 extremely excited^i&ction; of dying " friend's brain : - a . pbepomonon j wino' i though j-are, has 'for proof the concurrent testimoi , ,of jrambere ¡pf'.mankind..;.Hln[\ such; a (case tl thought-impressing sometimes rises to i tb o stttnul tion of absolu^/yiBiprir.'ÍThe'vmipréssed perst fhinks^he Bees the absent friend ,or relative, who ' cferèbral 'agitation influences'Mm 'from afar. 1 ., othéVeascs,the.'senses br the brain aré different váotéd ripon, -M-.;' ',»?. ".-.-:'. .-...'/.Vi I Altogether I divide these .kindä. qi iinprossio into five-:-1. 'Merely mental: ~2.<iBy;tbe sense ?hearing*. ,3.">By i; trie-/sensé of seeing.! 4. E , eight and_ hearing.-,^ 5. ' By .pearns.-; , j i Of the merely mental 'impression, J will rela two instances. ' ;The first was told mb by the la Professor' WilBori, i.pf.'.iEdinburgbj'.nto ¡whom'' occured. The other happened to myself : «'«Otie 'thing,', jihioh' 'impressed'..me ¡ strong when I 'wás yet'.ia careless bachelorhood,"''aa ' ' Professor Wilióni-'*? was the following., .1 was;; Ireland, .on a, visit to ?a charming family, who thc.sops were1 all btave 'and the'.datightera.bea .tlful. ' With ''a'gaiy. party,, in iwhioh tbe eleinei .bf youth predominated, I went,- in'.thejcourse ¡ this visit,' on ¡ a. pio-rric excursion-: to .sprue ruii 'bf an ancient castle in the neighbourhood. W -w«ré all dotted, pioturerquely about amongst tl moss-grown'. Bt<w¿efl 'th«t-lay . strewn about tl; 'inner court-'bf 'the broken 'edifice i ¡the ta ?: 'formed our table,' i' arid on this a snow-white clot , -decorously; presented' pies,' hams, .chickens, an > 'bottles ! to« our ..view.- 'The thick of» the dino« \- "being over/we still sat,- or lolled in that pleasjt j 'prolongation of a /repast which is ;the ¡beat pai ; of à thing of ; the;' sort ; "J. but ; as . wo; keeW: thai ' according .i to . tho,i<programrae, . our time wi \ limited,''ion account '-of; 'some ' other, spots whib , (we, had yetf ,to((vÍBÍtj I ; was . deputed; to;see, by[! : 'reference' to 'my." watóh'/'that wc-did.not ove rata ;tb'e' 'hour.' :.'-.Accordingly,;; I "placed ;my,r.watoi « fine bid silver warming-pan, the paternal 'gi fi ', -on' a low fragment of the ruin that' was JIK ? ¿opposite to mé,"end-in 'tho ? intervals'of-con versa ?tion I looked at it,,t though indoed not quite s , .often aa, at the-faoe ..'o'fJ'Mar'y'i,M. ' "'Suddenly .perfectly remember <the^hands were pointing'ti .twenty minutes ipaBt^two in -the ': sunshine-th ? -watch'' arrested my gaze, .while a'romarkabli ' feeling passed Over mo. ? I said> to., myself, but ti ' ;this hour I know not whyi - At this exact timi ' rriy brother lt. is dying in India.'* i The . sonsa tion camé' and went with the. rapidity of thosi unoccouutable impressions ' Wbioh make tho present, whllo the iUsb doth last, Seem but tbe semblance of an unknown past. '?: ? Yet) .so .mach was I .struck with- theicirctim 'stance; that, taking out ^ny pooket-book, saying nothing, however, ? to anybody, as to why J" dit so, I ' noted ¡down tho -day and hour of tbi¡ strange visitation of thought. I did not oxactlj place foonfidonco in tho ¡pre-vision, yet I coule . notishake- off an unpleasant feeling' about it .At length the circumstance became merged if the frequent répétition to myaolfi that it was all " fudgo.;V and I might call it forgotten (then was plenty of time for this, for, it was not in th< days of steam), when a letter from India brought 'our -family- the startling intelligence that my brother had actually died there , on .the very/day when I had made the entry, in, my, pocket-book: and at the hour which, by allowance for lati< tade, corresponded exactly with, that marked by my' watch ' whén 'I hod my eyes on it. Out correspondent also informed us that my brother had, in his last moments, mentioned me." ? Such was Professor Wilson's'story. My own is as follows : Many years ago I had- a friend: who was ¡ri a bad state of health, but not considered to bo in any immediate danger. Indeed, , I had heard ithat he was hotter, and preparing tb remove to a milder'climate for the winter. ' His passage 'to Malta was_ already taken. I was then living at a. village, in Safroy, my friond (who had been my pationt) was staying at a town iii Middlesor, about fifteen milos from me. .Though I had been much interested about him; my feelings at the time I speak of were, by the recent death of -my father, drawn' ofT in another dircotion. Perhaps I had not thought of my friond 0. S. for some days, when, as I was: sitting at tea with a family party, I suddenly felt myself impelled, I might say compelled,, to call out, in the very midst, too, bf other conversation,C. S. is dying !" Every ono stared. I tried to laugh; and pooh-pooh my own exclamation '; but I modo a poor hand of it, Tha' sort of way in .' which IV had uttered the ominous words ¡wns so. oomplotoly a myatery.to, mysolf, so exactly as if. some-one olso had made lise oi ¡my , organs of spoeoh, that I was un- pleasantly impressed. Howover, I did not boliovo my" own 'prediction, and went toi bod without forebodings. .. I slept soundly; arid without dreaming. But I awoke myself with tho sound of my own Voice I'was calling oiit loudly, '« C. S. is doadl" Having a "'light': in; my room, I looked at myi watch, and saw that it was botwocn three.and'four in. tho morning, : Two days after- wards I received a letter with a black soal from the friend ot whose houso 0. S. had bcon staying. 0\. S. MKM.doud.. On tho. very,day and at tho very hour whoa I, had called out, ''0. S. ii dying 1"-that is, sovon in tho ovening-ho lind i been suddenly seized, ns ho also sat at tea (for ho novor . kept his bod) with a diflloulty of breathing. Ho could no longer support himself, and was ö3tWod up to bod. ' From 'that time until betwocu three (tm! four in thc morning ho was dying, and conscious that' he was dying. - He spoke muchojjne, and. sent mo gome last mes- sages.' His last breath seems to have been drawn .at. tlie^.vbry; moment ' when I woke myself hy calling out, '^p, S., is doadj" ' '' *I'pow proceed; to'gi ve.'an example of tho second raodo-bf tbc moribund human influence, namely, , , Impression by hearing. Of thia i know but one singlo instance. This, .however, was related to mo by the very.person to whom the thing-happened, a gentleman to whom Í was .introduced by some old Triends ol mine, who corroborated the story both by. their intimate knowledge, of tho relator's veracity, nnd by having heard from other mernbera of bia family jvho were equally car-witneasea of tho fact precisely tho same account bf it. The following ia tho uarrativo of Mr. G. : Mr. G. loquitur :. " I waa living, whon.' I was about eighteen, tvith my grandmother and my sisters, in a'solitary house in Yorkshire.. I am particular in describing to you the sort-of house, and its situation, beoouse that has something.to db with the story. It was a kind of old manor-house, square and aolid, thal stood on tho highest- part of a wide, and barren wold. " 'There wore nb large trees near the house only a few . shrubberies ,} and even . these wen removed away from the mansion, which were still furthor isolated by", a. wide "paying bf large flag stones that wont eutircly round iti Any one whe placed himself,, pn/, a kind bf gazebo whiol terminated .'the nearly .'flat .roof, could ¡not oalj see aU tiround:. tho. aramediáté '> vicinity, of thc mahMpn,'.but,might'dotec^..' thing to j considerable dis tunee. lu short, nothing could bi more bare; and, bleak than tho situation of th« house, and, qt the same time,'less - calculated foi concealment of ¿ny. kind» y"i . ' '* Ope. mppbljght . night, in the late lautumn when "thei/.'general . bareness , ,of; the. scene waa in creased by "the^hinness pf .the departing foliage the family wore '.assembled in the-large drawing, room. Suddenly,, aboat nine ' o'clock, a .maid- servant rushed intb' tbo,apartment; and called out * Oh, sir 1 ohj'ma'am l iwe've all beerii hearing th« voice brtheTpbbf liítlé'blábk boy. He is callint out"Maasà<3èprgeV,"y ,'.,i"?.'? ¡ "To mako.thid intelligible,.I must tellyou thá ' we had a little black fellow over from ourpropert; in -Jamaica;- an- orphan. ThÎB lad was qs'peciall; . .pojLi'dered.my.sery^^ had attached hinis'el to. mo in a most remarkable-manner. ¡I bad, ; . -woek-or ti/o before my story commences,. boiri¡ ¡ .obligedito leave, him, on account of his being laii i. ,"P ;;W;ith fever, at, Liverpool, whither I had gon . onimércántile-áfCiirs. J.'He always had. been in th -, habitiof .calh'ngi me ' Musso George 1'.' and it. wa . JthiSj well-known/ appellation in the well-know , .voice pf\, the black that the maid-servants ' nov ,.' declared "they.heard reiterated jóutside the kitcho! window» .-.. , ? ^ .;. , -.-.i- , i,-.-., i. -, .,.-?"'« ßüt you blay Jhear it yourself, sir l"exclaimoi \- the maid. '.Though where: the; poor lad is w ? oaijnot find put.' ; ,¡-". V.'' '. i "Our whole party,-,uponrthis, dispersed ti difforont windows, which »having opened, we, ii .-effjsct, all heard, in no .long time, the voice o poor.-little Dick;, einging-,put, ',Massa George' 1 Ät'first/', wchdid not .doubt tbatlHbk,ihavjuiggo 'bettor, had left Liverpool, and. was really some ' whero near tho house. . We therefore searched .al . about the garden and shrubberies, but no pjol , war to be" founds rOuthousos thorp were nobb te ''b'xamine," for- ofEceBrand- atablesi-were alike' collected under the roof of pur, mansion, which wat f farm and .' manor-house : all' in one;' ,!,,\y< .re-entered the house. Wé " r went into''¡al ; the rooms. -We-went up'to the gazobb. ; -Pb: mïïcs' âro'ûn'd- tho cou ntry lay'q"niet iri- the ;,m"o.ón light,1 and"so'"dÍ8tinct''tfiat'' é\ret> a doe might bavi been .seen^-stirring anywhere about ,it. ;i;'Ba nothing'was to-be delected^ We unchained-th« i houso-dogi' and let him Toam1 round the7 premises . He f , bayed « tho i moon » Mittle, scorned uneasy, ; listened, bowled, and sneaked back tb bia kennel; Having/thus done all we could to find tho blaoi boy, or detect a trick, we felt .an.uneasy convic- tion of something strange stealing upon us. Thc voice,Vtoo, >?'instead of ceasing, floated about the;'house' more wildly , thanat first. Novel shall I-forget that cry 1 ' Massa Georgo ! Masse George 1' Jn every tone1 of tho boy's well-known .voice at' carrie^upon the perfect' stillness bf c breathless:October evening,- in a manner which 1 can hardly attempt to describe. > -At .times il sceniodito.go off into1 tho distance,: retreating and retreating;, till itwas'Oll'but inaudible. > Then, thc faint smothered tones soothed; < by degrees, tc gather themselves upland to approaoh the honst again; . Sometimes tho cry ceased altogether thou suddenly seemed,' sounding in,our very ears .And. there, -was .an impatience, an agony in the Bound,- which ,was heartrending., ' Mas-sa Go--orgeT io a long, wailing' manner, wat .repeated, as if tho ;boy implored mo to come tc him, to pity him, to help him.' And this not fbi a few minutos or for half an houri but for above two.hours. '.At length the sounds'bocame faintoi and fainter, and only Bobbed at intorvals upon thc air,.till everything subsided'into tho silenco of thc night. :, «The next post from Liverpool brought thc news of poor, little Dick's death. iTho letter said, ..'.He snffored much at the last ; and ho nevei o'iBsed to cry, " Massa George 1" for two hourt beforo he 'expired/' Thoso two hours were thc very same during- which tho voice was crying out round our. houso in Yorkshiro. . FBATirur, SIEASI ACCIDENT.-An, noolJant of n very alarming^ uharnoter occurred at 1. o'olook on Tueidny afternoon ia the Sound, Plymouth, on board her Majes- ty's torûw Btonra.flloop Pioneer,' under , orders for the \- Went oonatbf Afrion. abo lind «oma slight defeats to mnke good, and was.getting up steam for tho purpose . bf proceeding into Hamonze, when the main steam pipo bur.'t alone to tho communication. John Dunn, loading stoker, WOB on tbo point of opening tho communication valve, and be '.Buffered severely; William Bone,'en- gineer in onorgo, .Guarios Pillar, .third, eagineor, John Oliver, third engineer,;, John Dunn, ' lending stoker, Chorlos Devine, Htokov Jamos Murphy, stoker,, and JamuHenniuson, socond-olusn boy, unfortunately rushed nfl, whore tue Btenru wan most dense, and were of course muob scalded, èapeoially. in .their fucos. Mr. OH ver's sight ia afftiotod.. Älr. J. A. Leicester, seoond-oldss ongineer, prudently abut off the communication. Ho eaoaped uninjured.. The ship n,as speedily enveloped in «team, but aa thara,was. a smart south, want breeze, its i-ffuul-waa moat detrimental aft. Tho looking-glasses in tim' captain's Ofthiu , «oro sliivored, nnil tho boot« «hrlvollod, ,lioatB from tho ships'of war with their aur goon's-nnd aaaiitnnt surgeons, were aoon alongside, and tho atonal tender Conflnnao eonroyod tho worst.cases (7) <o the Itoyal William 'Victualling-yard, whence they, were tukon in cots to the Naval Hospital. The Pioneer, WAB afterwards sont into Hamoaito. Dunn is in a yory, pre* various state. Mr. Jîohô ''is suffering aeye'relr ;. the, oihiTJ oro not in groat duuger,-London Herald,' Sep., tembor ia; Swirinn TUAN r.iQiiTNiso'.-Our, telegram reojlvoJ, from Melbourne at balf-paat six yaatorday ovpnlng (soya lim South Au»trallan R((i¡ttcr of tho.add), contained the aniouncoment-*.,rThúádÍBrítorm's aérera all pvçr Ibe oalony ¡ now approaching you.". Thia warning had hardly been IrnoBurlbad baforo 'a ola'p of thunder and n .mart ahowrr of rain' Intlmntod thnV tho storm ilsolf IIBII arrived, and waa beating witness to tho .truth of ita elco trio mesaenoor. :. Wo hnvo hoard of sea captains In America delaying to lbnvb pori uolil informed'by telo graph that q .landi bre,f zo waa coming down fmm Hie Interior! but thia probably waa. tho Oral inatanoe on reoilrd 'of tho -'thunder nnd lightning having bean liiTrilded from ,ono country to .another by' similar m«ns, ' I 