[?] DILL WILSON AND THE GHOST. Tinutirio Ratti.k in tiu: Ciu. kcii vaoii. ,'Bout two years ago the people in I'inc- ville was almost 'larnied out of their senses by a ghost what made its appearance every night in the sravevavd. Tiie niggers seed it fust, and wiuinicn and children was '('raid tiTgo to bed in the dark for a" niontlf, and you couldn't git a nigger to g» outside the \- door-id'uu'-dark, .notj'or, nli.. Gcorgy,_ .... It made a monstrous talk f. r ntoi-'n ten miles round the settlement, mid everybody was anxious to find out whose ghost it was, mid what it wanted. Old Mr. "Walker, what had keen cheated out of all his properly by the lawyers, lindn t been ded a great while, and as he was a monstrous curious old chap anyhow, the general opinion was that the old liiaii had cum back for something. Siu nmy S foilcst feet si;cd " "if," fu id ' DM > .Moreland seed it, mid old. Mrs. Curl io seed it when she was com in' to town to see her daughter "Nancy the night she had the baby, and thev all gave the same account the niggers did, 'liout i'.s being dressed- in white and talkin' to itself, and eryiif, and welkin' about among the toom stones. Dob More- land sec! he heard it sneeze two or three times, jest as natural as ally human, anil cry ever so pitiful. A g :od many of the hoys said lliey were gwine to wateli for it sum night and speak to it, hut sumliow their hearts always failed 'cm 'bout dark, hut nobody didn't go. i One day Dill .Wilson cum to town, and | was 'i.ont'hali' corned down to Mr. Hurley's st -ire, when they got to bnUerin' him 'bout the ghost. " IJing'd if I don't see who it is," ses : Dill; " 1 ain't 'frivid of no ghost that ever I walked of nights." . . I AVith that some of 'eni offered to he! him five dollars that he dasent go inside of the graveyard nl ue after dark. " Dun,'' ses Dill, "phuik up ycr money.. Hut I'm to gojcot as I've a iniiid to?" " Yes," says the boys. "And shoot the ghost if I see it ?" says he. " To lie sure." " Anil I'm to have a bottle of old Jim- makv to keep me company " " Yes," ses all ccf them.' j Agreed," says Dill. " Put up the stakes in Mr. Hurley's hand." The money was staked and the business nil fixed in no time. " N .ov." ses Dill, "give nie a pair of pis tols, and. let mo- load 'ein myself, and I'll show you whether I'm afraid ol ghosts." Captain Skinner's big horse pistols were sent for, and 1 till loaded one of 'em up to the muzzle, and after ge tting a bottle ot licker in his pocket, mid takin' two or three more horns to raise his courage, lie waited till it was dark. Everybody in town was wide awake to see how the thing-would turn out, and sum of the wimmcit was monstrous consumed for Dill, for fear 'he'd git carried off by the ghost share eniifr'. Jest about dark, Dill set out f.«r the graveyard, with a whole heap of fellers, who went to see liiui to the gate. "Look out now, 1 Jill — you know that ghosts is monstrous dangerous tilings," said the boys as they were ajiout leaving him. 'Never you iniml," ses Dill; "hut re member, I'm to shoot " Yes," ses ail of "i;ni. Dill .inarched into the middle of the graveyard singing "Shiny Nights" as loud as he could, but monstrous out of tune, and tuck 'a scat on one of the gravestones. The graveyard ill l'incville stands on the side of a hill 'bout a quarter of a mile from town. The fence is a monstrous high post and rail fence, and the lot is a tolerable big one,- extondin' good ways down in the Roller, and on t'other side wtinr thar is a pine thicket of about- an acre \yliar tharaint no graves. The night was pretty dark, and- Dill thought it was very cold ; so he kept taking drinks every no-v and then to keep himsclt warm, ami singing all the songs mid sain tunes he know'd to keep awake. Sometimes he th"iiglit he heard something, and then hi; hair would s- rt o' crawl up, and he would grab hold of his pistols, what he held e eked in his Jap; but it was so | dark he couldn't see liothin' ten sups off. L'wo ov three times lie felt like haekin' out, but he know'd ilia! wouldn't never do ; so lie'.! take another drink, and strike up another tune. IJimeby he got so Hrepy that lie couldn't tell whether he was singing " Lucy Ni.a!" or '" The i'lomise ! La: oh" and bimehy lie only sung a word here and there, 'lio n! '.eing- very partiekular what s .ng it i.ei .need to. iiu uassi) 'bcminaldy sleepy and con ed together, that ho couldn't keep awake, and in spite of his tears lie began to nod a little. j Just then something sneezed. / " Ugh ! " sea Bill, " what's that ? " / But he soon 'cum to the_eonelusion that he must hare., been sneezing in his .sleep, and after seeing that liis pistol wiis safe, anil taking another drink, he was sjoii in the land of Nod agin. J 'Bout this time old Mr. Jenkins' gang of goates cum out of the thicket wh'nv they had cum thro the gap in the fence, and with old white Delsliazer in the lead, cum smcllin 'boat wlutr Dill was watching for the ghost. j Old Delsliazer is one of the oiulaeionrst old rascals to but in all Gcorgy, and scin Dill setiu thar all alone by himself, he goes lip and smells at him. Bilf nodded to liim in his sleep. Old Delsliazer stepped hack a little way's, and Dill nodded agin. The old feller tuelc it for a banter shore emiir, and back lie went a few stops, and rising up on his hind legs a little he tuck deliberate aim and sprang; lie tuelc Dill right ntiveen the eyes, nuking hiin and his pistol both oil" at the same time. Bang goes the pistol, roaring out on the still night air like a young five- pounder, so everybody heard it, and the next lninit you might have henvn Dill h dler murder! murder ! L rd preserve me ! for more than a mile. The whole" town was out of hqd in a minit, and everybody tliet could go was out to the graveyard as quick as they could git thar. Thar was Dill Wilsm, laying sprawled out on tiie ground, .with his eyes lrunged up sj that lie couldn't tell daylight from dark. The g -.atcs were seared as had as lie was at the pistol, and: was gone 'fore he fairly touched the ground ; and Dob Morelund mid Tom Stallins what had gone out thar to scare Bill, and had s-cd his enc uuter witli old Helslinzer, was standing by him rapped up in their white, laughing like they would bust their sides. Dill swore lie. was wide awake and that when the ghost cum up to hiin, lie tuck a fair crack at it, when nil at once he was .struck with a elap of thunder and liglit- liiti'. Bob Moreland tried to explain it to hiin, but it was all in use. lie swore the ghost was six foot high, and that ho seeil the liglitnin' jest as plain as lie ever seed lightning in his life. Bill claimed the stakes, and everybody red he ought to have the money. But yen may depend lie wouldn't have another such ghost night for all the money in Gcorgy. The fence was mended. wliar it it was broken in the thicket, and thar was' never any more . ghosts seed in that graveyard since. P.uu.iamkntauv Sxi'.Tcm's. — The Era of Saturday gives the following tiuthful sketch of Mr. Jones : — " Richard Jones, Esq., one of the Members for Durham, having resigned his rank as tin Executive CouiicilFr, no longer takes the prefix of " Honorably-" That is a title, however, the resumption ot which seems to depend very much upon himself. Air. Jones comes from a class of men whence great names liavFmcFgikl" in tiT histbryl lt6""is1vy-Tre- fossion a printer, and his long proprietor ship of the ' Mail land - Mercury '- ailnrdcd 'abundant opportunity ..of.showing that lie held liberal political views, and possessed ability of in mean order. A very short experience of his career in the Assembly oioved that the ' oini n thus formed was well founded, and ho was early called 'iTpoir to take a prominent part in administering the government of the country, ill the capacit y of Secretary for Finance and Trade. It was generally regretted when, owing to ail acute sensitiveness not unnatural in one s i new to parliamentary life, lie considered it his duty to resign the seals of office. Willi the loss of his administrative services, however, Air. Cowper's g >vernment did not lose the parliamentary support of Air. Jones, which lias been given most steadily and elieetualiy, and often on mast critical occasions. He has lately been designated "tiie Lord Laiisdowne of the Ministry," by the leader of the Opposition, who has declared that lie "holds the Government, in »he hollow of his linnd." This is rue of Air. Donaldson's usually over-strained ex pressions ; but it shows plainly enough that the services of the ex-Treasurer are felt to he as damaging to political oppon ents as they are known to he valuable by his friends.. There is no member of the House who can calculate upon impunity if he exposes himself to the repr of which Air. Jones well knows h w to administer, and the most assuming and seif-s.atistied of the gentlemen who sit on the left have felt rliu "caustic of his remarks in tlieir sorest spots. At times lie lias exhibited rather too strong a tendency to difVer from the Ministerial policy upon matters of compara tively small importance, but it is evident tiiat experience of the Opposition tactics is teaching liim, as well as. others, the politi cal lesson that strength lies in unity. When All'. Jones prepares to address the House he commands .instant attention. II is arguments, am remarkably clear and forcible, and lie never llounders in his s'leeclies, which might indeed he. reported verbatim without injury to. his reputation. Tie. uses no gesticulations, hut, usually resting his hands > 11 the back of a chair, or oil a bo k at tho table, shoot out each sen tence distinctly and audibly, punctuating mentally as lie goes al ng. lie always brings some fresh points to hear. on the case, ' and avoids the custom, but too common in. the House, of dishing up ill another form all that lias been said before. Excepting, perhaps, on occasions of great warmth in debate, lie is always replied to temperately by t he Opposition, who njrely fail to do justice to his sterling character. The coming recess will probably he as welcome to Mr. Jones as to any member 'of tho House, for his health seems liv no means robust. A public loss would be sustained were he to task it too severely, fur we are much mistaken if lie has by any means taken his final leave of the Cabinet Council." Taiciiiniv Kxrosnn. — A : correspondent, learned ill tho Celestial dialect, i states that " All Chinese coming to the town arc informed by their countrymen resident here, that a Foreign Devil, who keeps a store to the left hand side of a certaiirspot, has taken every opportunity of cheating them, selling them odd shoes for pairs and false articles for true, anil taking their gold dust when olli-red to him for sale, giving them, in every instnnc.e, much, less than its value. They (the China men) therefore who li,avo sntlered from the extortion of this Barbarian, caution all their countrymen against purchasing any goods from or selling any gold to liim. Thc-iiotice says— liewarc of hiin ; lie ivill sell you goods, receive his agreed payments, but withhold the good.; from you uiilil lie has extorted; I doulje the amount; at llVst agreed _ upon. I jbuvAunlier this ; we are honest and sincere, i and speak without malice. Sigurd by your j defrauded countrymen." Tl.'..: article is | written on a I:ir:.e sheet of paper, and posted j ti j > i:i a conspicuous dace in Castieinaine. — A'tc:ri:,:r. ' Y:.'i: 'l'i l.r. — it is "aid. with what truth I we know not, that old Yo:m ".vi!l again be i i i work and b;ui:_'ut cut at llom- bush. ' I'ii re- aie-'earauee of lit" -od- iioi":---, v.-e te.,1 ; eonvhie.'!. v.-e.M b- h..!l. d e;i!h u:,;vrrs.d neat i:na!'ei:i. Vo trust, therefore, I vu:. sour arty pmvo c irivet, atol : r. ' ii iwc's colour-- so y be seen nvaiu u.-.":'ip; ing a prn.iiiui.-ut position at our annua! try.-r.- — lira. .Mr. .Toh:i Go nod, a master builder, has been committed to take ids t:i-.il on a charge of i'r.'iu.h.diui: insolvency. How to Catch a Tuibf. — I remember a country fricii<l of mine once had his pocket picked oi'a handkerchief and was gricviously annoyed... .lie regarded it as a species of reflection upon his own vigilance. Deter mined to he revenged upon s-nne of the pick- loeket tribe lie procured fish-hooks, and lad them fastened into the pockets of an old coat, with tiie barbs downwards. He, thus accoutred, sallied forth into the Strand in the dusk of the evening. Amid a crowd at Charing Cross lie felt a hand in his pocket nud, giving himself a jerk, as he said, to Jget the hooks well into the rogue's flesh, he moved on with his prey closely following, lie then quickened pace, giving every ti nv and then au Jlier jerk. lit this mode, affecting not to feel 1 lie iish lie had hooked, he led the knave clear of the crowd to a bye street. " Now, my fine fellow, I have you ; don't fish in my pockets again." He un buttoned liis coat to slacken the pocket, hut in vain did the thief endeavour to extricate himself, the hooks were too deep' in the hand, so my acquaintance took tint his knife and whipped olf tho skirt of the old coat he. had used for the trap, and bade (lie pickpocket walk off to a surgeon, as lie thought lie h:ul been tolerably well punished. — Cyrus Ji'ahtiny's llecvhcrtious. A valuable collection of books' have been presented to the Melbourne l'ubtie Library by X.-tpolcon III., through ttie instrumen tality nl the Contc.de Moroton de Cliabrillon. His Excellency the Governor was present on the occasion. There was on view last week,in Sydney a pumpkin measuringsix I'eet in eiretiinferatice, and weighing lot) pounds. It had been "brought from San Francisco, and resembled the "orange" pumpkin. 