,*JTHjS ©oensandiHartag &5t?trtiscr PUBLISHED DAILY. BEECKWQHTH, "Wednesday, Sept. 7th, 1859* Dolce Far Niente.—Editors can do with about the smallest amount of sleep that any mortal man can exist upon, but withal they are subject to the same laws as other men. Galloping about the country to further the ends of Candidates, and their political adherents is not a pleasant game; what is life to Candidates, ^much as they and their parties may abuse us for the conscientious expression of our opinion), is death to us, and our stud. Latterly our reporting staff have been like so many Wills o' the Wisp flying-, not only by night, but also by day.- We will now indulge in a little bit of recreation anentthe scribbling of no less a gentleman than the former opponent of Mr. Wood—William Kelly, Esq., who finding the plucky little Barister too much for him, bolts off to New York and consoles himself by enlighten' ing ihe inhabitants thereof on the state of affairs in Australia Felix. From an article published in "Harper's Maga zine" entitled the "Golden Elephant," we extract; the following choice items the first being a considerable draw ing of the long bow on the part of the . author. "Mr. Kelly—or, to be more explicit, 1 Villi am Kelly, Esquire, Barrister, of London—in the year' of 1853, aban doned the musty mnc of En—HoL. *uuns *1 or the dusty highways of Australia, with tbe purpose of seeing for himself what El Dorado wa3 like. He frankly confesses that he meant to make a book of his tour; but ere he had gone far on his way the daily sight of lucky miners,, digging and spending their precious dust, Droved too much for his equanimitv, and he droped note-book and betook himself to the spade and cradle, which seem to be the more im portant, gold developers of that aurife rous region." Though we are old chums, Mr. Kelly's description of his reception m Mel bourne rather staggers us. He must either have been a downright fool, or must entertain the idea of raising him self into notoriety by putting forth for a fact, that such an expression as the following was current in Melbourne, viz., that whiskey was called "strip me down naked." This mendacious 'scribbler next informs the cute New Yorkers on the subject of his search for iodgirgs, in which he tells them that Melbourne was a City composed of tents, and quoting his own words he says: '"For one of these rather social tene ; ments the moderate sum of 1000 Hollars per annum was charged, and at . this rate they were eagerly snatched up." Numbers have achieved a slight degree j of popularity by pitching a yarn about us,-7-has any* one beaten the disap pointed Ovens Candidate on this score ? After alluding- to ladies at the wash tub arrayed in satin gowns and ociorned wit* —1J ' «i«wers, &c.;, he proceeds to state that "The great horse auctioneer of Mel bourne netted an income of eighteen thousand dollars per week, as com mission on sales, and this all the year round." • And thr.t to a Barrister. "An ordinary criminal case was as ; good as a year's income • for a cut throat looking client, in ragged apparel, by a simple surg-ical operation on his waist-band, would half fill his hat with gold-dust, or extract from a patch on his coat a flake of fifty pound bank-notes which would paper a room." Why did not this duffer Barrister try on. his profession if such results were to be obtained? Here is another specimen of 3Ir. Kelly's humbug. / "As for other trades and professions to each, it was remark eel, was joined tho business of drawing; teeth—all the | shop-signs, whatever may have been I advertised ior sale, ending; with a notice j tliat "teeth were extracted inside," some "safely," others "expeditiously," all "cheaply," Tijo bottle nose of the learned gentle man evidently from his writing was not satisfied with the Sham Pag-ne of the colony. After giving what may be considered in some degree a fair account of tho old theatre in Queen Street, and telling his New York gulls that a bottle of brandy was handed down from the gallery to the stage by means of a stock whip he finishes up with the following choice morceau : "But Hamlet, Ophelia, and the Ghost were obliged to appear before the curtain in undress, and there sustained tha shower of half-ounce nuggets, which were then the conve nient substitute for bouquets among digger audiences." Speaking of the diggings the brazen faced individual next says i "He saw the celebrated ho'e whence was dug by a lucky fellow a chunk of solid gold weighing 137 pounds. There have been a good many in this colony who would like to have seen the same. His talking tbout the Black smith's claim is simply gammoD. He always carried a mkcyoscope with him which the followiog'extract will prove* "Mr, Kelly saw 57 pounds of gold washed out of a single tub." One more extract end we have done with this truthful pourtrayer of Austra lian doings, in speaking of a ball given to Sir C. Hotham by^ja Melbourne Alderman (qy) he says : ■'An elated Alderman and his spouse carried off the Governor and Lady Hotham to ibe refreshment saloon ; the Alderrcnn affVb'y remarking, on the way, 11 It's d d hot, my iady." We have read many far fetched acconnts of the proceedings of our|fe) low colonists but never have we come across ore equal to that of the would be member of the Ovens district. The Yankees it would appear with all the!r sharpness are still to bs taken in by a boitle nosed defeated candidate. 