C H I N A . DEFEAT OP THE BRITISH FORCES. (From the Calcutta Englishman ) The mail steamer Aden arrived from Shanghai yesterday afternoon, (Aug. 9), having left that port on the 12th inat. She brings advices of the defeat of the British forces at the mouth of the Peiho a catastrophe which reflects more disgrace on H.M. arms than anything which bus happened since her accession. Mr. Bruce arrived off the Peiho on the 18th ultimo, where the British force had previously been concentrated. Some messages were exchanged between the British Minister's suite, and some Mandarins of inferior rank on shore. The tenor of these messages was to the effect that the foreign ministers and suites would be received in Pekin, if they would proceed by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Pciho, wbioh river it was intimated foreign men of war should not eoter. Mr. Brace finally dfelared that be would force an entrance, and leaving the matter in Admiral Hope's hands the attempt was made on the 25th ultimo. The following extracts will detail the lamentable result:— We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but wo do lay claim to common sense, and we unhesitatingly record our conviction that such a scries of complicated bungles is not to be found in British annals. It is a matter of sincere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if the force he had, had been doubled or trebled, the only difference which would have resulted, would have been the augmented ratio of the casualties. A simultaneous attack by land and sea should have clearly been made whilst the flood tide was running—the land force making a detour and attacking the forts on the sides. Besides, the forts should have been taken iu detail— after the first should have fallen, the rest could have certainly been shelled. Again, the position should have reconnoitred, as it might have been safely inferred, in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booinshad been constructed, that masked batteries were certain to be placed. Tipperary tactics are scientific in comparison to the mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position— that is to say, the entire sea force was run into the trap which had been made •and provided. After it had been destroyed, or oomplctely defeated, which oocupied some hours, the land force was Bent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong, that they could not be brought up for some time. When they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud bank, almost in the face of these victorious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the case—two ditches intervened, and the end of it was, that 60 of our brave fellows reached the wall without a scaling ladder or a dry cartridge. Why, had the whole of the Royal Marines in the service been landed under such circumstanccs, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result? We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They beheld the flotilla go into the trap they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelming, and, China like, they became elated and worked hard at the guns there was nothing to drive them from. Remembering how the Russian minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year, bearing in mind the intrigues he made whilst the Teentsun negoeiations were going on—not forgettiug the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on the Amoor just about that time, and seeing moreover that there is no Austrian ambassador now hogging the stops of tho British minister, it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimized to Russian machinations. Moreover it is known that tho Russians made one of the stipulations for the territory they filchci—tho payment by them to the Chinese of seven hundred cannon—as if the Chinese would have made feuoli a demand unless they had been told to doBO ! _ We do not think there were any Russians in the forts, because our troops Were assailed by gingals and arrows, but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stockades, and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt—Russian guns being of oourse used. We presume the United States Ministttvill proceed to Pekin ud *iU U well received there, when he will be used as a mediator. Doubtless Heenfung's wounded honor being now healed, HiB Celestial Majesty would come to an easy settlement if we would Jet him have his own way. Our right to force a passage to Teentsun is very questionable, particularly as a safe conduot was offered our minister by another route, and an audience promised. This .ot course would have ended in smoke, but still it forms a Celestial pretext. It is a sorrowful affair, and besides the valuable lives lost may lead to trouble and- grief. The expedition should bx reinforced and another attack made immediately. M.M.S. off the Pei-ho July 1st, 1859. On tho 25th of June, the negotiations with the Chinese having co ne to nothing but a put-off to gain time, the Admiral with his Flag flying in the Plover, followed by the gun-boats Lee, Nimrod, Cormorant, Opossum, Banterer, Starling, Forester, Kestrel, Janus, aud Paughty, proceeded to take up a position off the Pei-ho forts, ready to attack in case the Chinese should offer any resistance to clearing away tho barriers. At 2 p.m , the Btations having been pretty well obtained with the exception of Starling and Banterer, which were on shore—the former on the south and the latter on the north Bank —the Plover and Opossum weighed; the latter proceeded to clear a passage through the iron stakes which composed the first obstruction. Two of these having been drawn, the Plover followed by Opossum, passed through them, and also through the second boom which bad been destroyed by the Flag Captain on the previous night. On arriving at the second Bhe attempted, together with the Opossum, to break through it, but without effect. Almost immediately a single gun was fired at her, and directly all the masks were rolled up and a tremendous fire was opened on the squadron, and the action became general. The Lee, by signal from Plover, passed through the stakes to the support of the Admiral. The Plover and Opossum were, however, soon obliged to slip, the fire being too heavy for them ; and followed by the Lee, dropped clear of the stakes at 3h. 15m. The gun-boat Plover suffered very much in killed and wounded. An officer was sent to the Reserve to order up reinforcements, but the tide was too strong for the boats to pull up. The American Flag Officer very kiudly offered to tow the boats up to a position to enable them to reach the gun-boats. At 4.30 the enemy's fire was slackened considerably, orders were sent down to the Reserve for marines and naval brigades to prepare to land, and the Forester and Opossum together with the Loeywan proceeded and towed them to the Nimrod the place of rendezvous. At an early period of the action tbc Admiral had been wounded on board the Plover by a splinter in the tbigh, and that vessel was almost entirely disabled. He shifted his flag to the Opossum; when there, he took his station on the caboose and from thence issued his orders until a round shot cut tbc main stay on which he was leaning and caused him to fall to the deck, a height of some eight feet, breaking a rib and severely shaking him. After a short time he left the Opossum in the Hu Chayla's gig, and proceeded to the Cormorant whero he remained. At 5.45, the boats having assembled alongside Nimrod pushed for the shore as near the Etakes as possible and opposite to the left Bastion, about GOO yards distance from it. The landing here was composed of mud about knee deep and the:greatest difficulty was experienced in getting up the scaling ladders and bridges. The Marines and Naval Brigade, a small portion of which had only just landed, pushed to the front, under a very heavy fire from six guns in flank and in front. The first from the walls, of gingalls, rifles and arrows was also very heavy. No check had hitherto taken place, but here a ditch five feet deep and ten broad occurred aud the men, having DO choice, plunged across and thereby wetted their ammunition. A party of some 58 officers and men again pushed on and crossed auother wet ditch which took them within 20 yards of the wall. In the mean time Captains Shadwell and Yansittart as also Colonel Lemon having been wounded the commands were devolved on Commanders Commcrcll and Major Parke. It was now about 9 o'clock and darkness had set in. The position of the landing party was most precarious, 50 officers and men alone remained in the first ditch, and about 150 in the second. Mauy had been killed and wounded, and with tho exception of a small body one hundred and fifty yards further back, no reinforcements appeared to be offering, and the men already at the front were perfectly exhausted and without dry ammunition or rifles fit to use. The officers in vain encouraged their men to charge to the walls, but it was ineffectual, the men were few and dune up, and even if they had not been they never oould have carried them •gainst th« thousand* lin«4 the walls. Under these circumstances the Commanding Officer dispatched an officer to the rear to ask for instructions, and the senior officer sent bim back immediately with orders for the force to withdraw as no reinforcements could be eont. Directly this order was received the wounded were dispatched to the rear, by twos and threes, and two hours having been given them to get to the boats the small advanced party retreated in good order from ditch to ditch, examining the ground in their retreat for any wounded that might have been overlooked. Many poor fellows, alas, in the retreat fell to rise no more, but the woundod were saved and brought off. In the meantime the boats of the squadron under Capt Willes employed themselves in embarking the wounded and landing party, and at 1 o'clock or a little after they were all off. The gunboats did their duty ably, and covercd the landing party up to tbc latest moment it was prudent to fire, and shortly after as a testimouy of their bard fought day, the Lee and Kestrel sunk, and tho Haughty just managed to keep herself afloat til! the morning, when she went down, but fortunately out of range. At 3 a.m., the Cormorant, with the Admiral on board, and full of wounded, was so fast aground that it was considered necessary to leave her as she was right under the batteries, and at daylight the enemy would doubtless concentrate their fire on her, whereas, if she were temporarily abandoned, it was hoped that the enemy would ccasc firing on her, and the next night we should be able to get her off. For the same reasons the Plover and Starling, both immoveably aground, were clcared of their crews. The morning of the 26th showed our squadron in sad condition, hardly a gunboat but what was disabled. However, during the day the oarpenters of the squadron were employed patching them up temporarily, and the Starling having floated, her second master proceeded in a dingy and cut her cable when she drifted out of range with the ebb. Two night attempts were made by Capt Willes to recover the Cormorant and Plover, but without success. The Comorant's ship's company having remained till 11 a.m. to endeavour to float her, a most terrific fire was was opened upon her from batteries, both north and south, and it soon became evident that she was sinking. Orders were therefore sent down to Commander Wodebouse ordering him to abandon her if lie had no hopes. Her ship's company and officers were embarked accordiagly, but not before the water was up to the lower deck, and half an hour afterwards she went down head foremost. The same night fresh attempts were made on tho Plover, but it was foujd impracticable as she was full of water and gave no hope of her being able to float. At day light the Kestrel,—sunk on the 25th under the batteries,—was observed drifting out, and having been towed by the Janus into shoal water was eventually recovered. During that day the enemy got on board the Plover, over the mud, and saved us the trouble of destroying her by setting her on fire themselves, but not before a great portion of stores had been recovered. \\\' E ate enab ed to give further details of the repulse ef the British forces from tho mouth of the Peiho. Tho following is an extract from a private letter recc-ivcd by a gentleman in Melbourne, and publish* d in the Herald;— It is a sad story for me to attempt to relate. Although not an eye-witness, I have had the advantage of perusing many journals of pe'ple who were present at. the affair. You are already aware of the Hon lUure Admiral Hope, with his fleet, having lett this for the Peiho river. tlto onlr means (known to us) of communication to Pekin. Last year, when Lord Elein made a treaty with tho Chinese at the Pciho, it was arranged then that the English should, within twelve months from thai date, return the ratified treat st the same spot. Of course, Mr. Bruce went up there with the intention of beiti'g received peaceably; hut, on the eontrary, he found forts of inud 25 feet thick, and pierced with, in all, 1000 g'tns of English manufacture, and two barriers across the river, (forts on either side), which appeared impossible to pass. However, the pluck of our tars was not lost at the sight of th's, and determined thoy were to have a try to get in. They, accordingly, first of all, despatched an officcr to the forts (or, rather, he was met half-way by the mandarin). The oflh'sr delivered his mcssace from the minister, and said tlisy wished to retnrn the treaty, &c.; &o.; in answer to which, the mandarin replied, he did not know anything about Mr. llrucc, and hnd orders from the Emperor to Btop any Europeans that attempted to pass. Thi«, of course, was nothing more than a violation of the treaties, and so the Admiral had to go at the forts and try to force hiB way through He went up the river in a gunboat to the first barrier, drew some of the stakes, and passed up to the second one. Had drawn one stake.'a nd waajuBt getting the other up when all the forts thathad been masked before, and not a soul to be seen about them, opened fire all at once, which, of course, was immediately returned hy tho English and French, and a fight ensued, which lasted three hours without a stoppage. The Admiral was wounded in the early part of the action, but though severely, would insist on being laid ou the deck, where he gave his orders. After blazing away as long as we could, without succeeding in silencing the forts, they concluded to trying to take them bv a lauding force. Iu the action we lost four gunboats, sunk j the Admiral had three shot and sunk under kin, mi U4 U tw «am«4 {ton t«u«\ t* [ vessel, and in ene punhoat he bad lost all liis officers and men, with the exception of five, who were working the livge pivot pun. Another gunboat lost 37 nit of 40. The Chinese had some vervlarge suns. so much si, that their report madn the Knglish 44 gun frigate tremble eiel.t miles off. One of these guns killed one officer nnd took thelegB off six men besides (oil* shot). Tho Ghinamea tired splendidly, and our officers own themselves, that it wai quite cquiil to ours, and the fighting harder than any at Sebastopol. The storming party landed bat did not succeed, as the rrud was up to their middles, and enfoavurint; to get through it were mowed down in dozens, and only one officer "and two or threu men reached the walls, "but of course did not enter them, they having been ordered to return before. The few who reached the walls report having seen ninny Russians inside working the guns. This looks rum. dops it not? X always thought that RnsFia would do all in her power to keep us out of Peltin, they being the only Europeans allowed to inhabit that city. This, of course, h*s 'aken us all hy surprise, and I have no doubt but that I shall in my next cast tn this, report th« port of Shanghai under blockade. " Shanghai, 12th July." Prom the Straits Times of August lBt we talte the f 11 iwing oddities! p Ti : culars relating to the Pciho disaster:— Th'e Hon Mr Bruee has not power to collect troops lor carryittg on a new war with China; and if he applies for apsistan'-c, as it is rep rted he has done, to the Governor General of India, we trust that Lord Canning will not comply with (he request until Her Majesty's Government h;ive hud time to exami-ie into th= whole affair. There is more in it than meets the eye. and the most intelligent in this country —thoce bi-et acquainted with the Ch>ne<e — are indifposod tn believe that the Chinese are entirely to be blamed Mr Bruce delayed to the last moment in Hong Kong. At Shanghai', we undersiand, that he refused to raeot iliclmp- rial (:om. missioners who mitde the trratT with Lord Elgin. He niiived at the mouih of tlie Peiho only on the evciine: ot the 20th of June, though the treaty liad to lie exchanged on the 26th j nnd we have reason to believe that the Governor General of China ( i suffieiently high ofliciul) wai deputed to meet him at the mouth of the Pi-ihn, conduct him to Pekin ; hut, iinforf-iuat'dv, the- cam. munica'ion from the (Jovcrnnr Gi.-neral o-ily reached him on the day that tho dt'aeV. commenced, and too lu'e to allow of the Arlmiral beins signalled tosufpendoperati-jns-Overland China Mail, July 21. The belief is universal thmuL'hout. the squadron that EUIOPCQMH manned the lotteries, as well as Chinese. Men in grev coats, with close cropneil hair, and wi'h Russian feature*, were di-linctlv visible in tho batteries, and the whole of the fortifications were evidently of European designing. Some ef those who advanced near to the wall even go so far as to dcnlire that they heard men calling for ' more pnu'dcr' in Russian; and thi- mornir.2 two dead ho-iies floated out of tho tivtr rtres>t''t in Chinese clothes, hut having mcoDUsubly European faces, Thedama^ed forts have alre-'dy heen repaired, and have never eea^d to fire epnn the boats that arc engu^e l, under Caoiain Willes, and Onmmau'ie-s Co^r.i.;rr-ll, H-nh and AVynniatt, in s'ri];v:li!.'; to rcsi-ue the Btranricd vessels. 1 .-.ho;] 1 -] i,ivo far-t; 'hat the Plover, Lee, and K = '.el all »ank in the course of the eveiii. ;; of ii>e 2i'h, anrt the Haughty, a»id 'VMO.s i (k-pdtch vessel) earlr next mo;:.i.-j. . ]i:i:iUs to 'he untiring efforts of our s01.i-.-r. t':rs, however, the Haushtv ntrl Kestrel l„ivo under a heavy fire fro;n tin?i'.i'N, oeou ft la'ej asain, and are in cnmp.ar: ti re -;»'o;y. while all the valuable contents of the Coru.noraoi, Lee, and Plover have l.e?n either fave or effectually destroyed. '11 \iho have witnessed the operations are loi:d in thuir praises of the cunho-it ofii.-er.s, who have all done their duty like heroes. X; his undoubtedly been a must uuTo. Innate aff.ir, hut whatever heft'll, n i one can deny ihut the men did all that i 'rial nr :i could do. The point Feiected for 1 ling certainly appears to have been i'.l-c' could not get past eve *en, but wt, os we was as good as any that was the a fir-t harrier, it I as to the expediency of th k be^ni* d, made at all, 1 would only ask - \Yha i w:,ull thoy have said in E-igla-d. what would the worjd have said, h:,d -edeeliood the att-ick, when so far as w« knew, we hnd only rascall? Chinese to conic,>,i with r Tho French, out of their sii^l landingparty of 60 men, hal 15 tnen killed or unded The Am: . siderahly, by means of a sni.ill stemier, wi:h which they towed up sevei il nl' n :r boats into action, from the large slr.p; end also after the action, hy taking out to their respective ships a nnmh. rof >,or inp-i, to whom they showed every kindness. They are loud in their praises of the rtaii .g our o en t-howed, and have sent l::rft-e jirr-s-'it's of fresh meat an 1 vecetables fur the benelit of our wounded. - Il'i.1. From a letter of the 10th July, we learn that the troop - hip Assist teco was then off Saddle Island, near th in^nan, having brought down 150 of the worst ea-o" of the wounded. It was to f-tart o-trlv tf-xt morning far an anchorage near Ninsrp », unions the Chusan Ifclii-.ds, were it was exjtccte.l there would be a favourable pi-ice for lying iu until the hot weather should lv? past. The Magicienne and the Coromia-lel .wive i at Shanghae from the Pchio on the 10th ir.M. Poor Captain Yansittart, we ri\grei to was scarcely expected to live. His leg h.iii , been amputated beneath the knee, was thought that another atnp'iuti' .n wool 1 be necessary, as nffj.-diiig tho only clia^ee for his life. Tho last accounts of the Admiral were that he wa« rloin:; wi-dl There | had been only three deaths on board the Assistance after she left tho. Pciho, ami th- 1 great majority of the wnnnded on board were ge ting on wonderfully well. In reference to the reason for the nflair on the river Peiho, ir was a' first reported that an. inferior raandarian received, in an insolent manner, the oflicer sent by the Admiral to request the removal of the booms, but such was not the case. The officcr onlv saw the people engaged in working the hoo.i.s, who stated there were no mandati'.vus in the neighbourhood, and that the works had been construced by the people (not by the Government) as a means of defence against rebels and i.iratos. It was also eirunenusly circulated thai the Ambassadors bad received notice to proceed to Pekin by the land rouie, as ships of war were nnt allowed to proceed up the river The North China Herald ol the 16th July furnishes the fuhjoined, conveyed to Ho-.;« li'n; V.y the W^g.-tze, which left after the Ad. tl:— " The Hon. ....... R . W. „ . llruee and M. de ^ Hour boulon, tho lliuietets ot England and France, with their suites, have arrived in Shasghae. The former in tho Ooromandel, the latter in the Duchayls. The Magicienne and Assistonce are gone to an anchorage off Chiuhae, Ningpo, near Kintang Island, where the British squadron will rendezvous, to recruit the sick and wounded. The Hesper arrived yesterday from the Gulf on the 8th. The Admiral, in trie Chesapeake was waiting until the disabled guu-bo&tk; were ready to aocompany him to the rendezvous. The Highflyer was to leave on theI8th for Shanghae under sail, where she will take her station again as guardship. The Cruiser and two gunboats will remain in the Gulf. We learn that arrangements had been made for a meeting of the American Minister, Mr Ward, and the Governor-general of (.hihli, Hang. The meeting was to take place on tho 8th pro*,, at Peh-tang, the northern entrance to the Peiho, about ten miles distant from Taku, The question of going to Pekin, it was expected, would be decided on at that meeting. A sujply of provisions had been sent off to the American ships, and it was said that instructions had been issued by the Emperor to his high officers, to receive and escort the Minister and his suite to the capital, for the exchange of the ratified copies of the treaty. The Russian Treaty had already been exchanged. Horare Rumbold, Eiq , and lions. Le Comte Kleczkowski, secretaries of the British and French Legations, proceeded by this mail with despatches for their respective Governments. The . North China Herald, of the 16th Ju'y, with reference to tho attempt to enforce the stipulations of the treaty, observes:— Oar Chinese gossips were agreed from the first that many conditions in the treaty of Tien-tsin the Emperor would never consent to carry out, and have pointed to the fact, which the Peking Gazette put beyond dispute, that Pangkolinsin had so early as last winter assembled a very large foree in the n ighbour.i-ioA of Tien sin, as evidence nf a determination to keep us out of Peking. When it was announced, however, that the foreign ministers were merely about to visit the capital, and did not intend to reside there, a tumour, which we have befoTe notired, began to grow, that the Emperor himself was anxious for peace, and had is-.uei his instructions accordingly. Still we see Songkolinsin did not break up his camp, and we find an opinion now current among the Chinese and *upported in some degree hy what has fallen from Uomish missionaries, s ationed in or near Peking, that he had declared, happen what might, our ships should not enter the Tien*tsin river The Emperor, it is said, stands in much awe of the Mongolian and h. s followers, to whom he was much beholden in 1851, when the Tai-ping rebels ca>ce 60 close to his capital, On the other hand, we repeat, no one can doubt that, however much he might dread the consequence of failure, provided his Majesty could so screen himself as to be able subsequently to disavow an aet of hostility, he would not object to see the barbarian's head broken. What he, for whoever it waH whose war counsels prevailed, hasove'looked is the certtinty that the barbarian will not give in merely because he lias come to grief in the first round. The check WE have HUBtsined, and wi h us our gallant allies, of the eon tuet of whose small quota every one speaks in the highest teimB, is too prominent to lie left where it lies. It should teach us a little humility, we admit, and we shall therefore abstain from all whooping on the subject, but we cannot Buppose that the 12 moot is will ra?s without t.uch an effort on the part of France and England to re-establish their prtst\ge, -,.b will make the court of Pekin rue the clumsy treachery it has pL'rjielrated. 