ANTI-STATE-A ID MEETING. A very large and influentially-attended meeting was held yesterday evening at the Mechanics' (Institute, the object being to petition the new Parliament for the total abolition of State aid t > religion in Victoria. The chair was occupied by James M'Culloch, Esq., M.L.A. Upon the platform were a number of ministers of different denominations, and gentlemen who have already taken an active part in this movement at different times. The following gentlemen were observed to be present:-The Revs. Miller, Fletcher, Ramsay, Hamilton, Mirams, Thomas, Board, Odell, Jarrett, Morison, and Townsend ; the Hon. John Hodgson, M.L.C. ; the Hon. John Hood, M.L.C. : Mr. Harker, M.L.A. ¡ Mr. Langlands, M.L.A. and Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A. The CHAIRMAN, who was received with my plans, said that the meeting that evening was called for the purpose of rendering assistance to those who were endeavoring to have the obnoxious 53rd clause repealed. Their efforts during the last session had not been so successful as could have been wished ; but at the same time it was a significant fact that the resolution which was carried by a majority in the Legislative Assembly was negatived by one vote only in the Council. Since that time a firmer conviction had taken hold of the public mind that the Act must be very shortly repealed, and the large assemblage that evening was conclusive evidence of the powerful and growing anxiety on the subject. (Hear.) Certain resolutions would be submitted to the meeting, the supporters of which he trusted would obtain an impartial hearing. A person here stepped upon the platform, and in a loud tone and excited manner asked the chairman what religion was. The CHAIRMAN, in a tone of mild remonstrance :, requested him to sit down, adding that he would be most happy to hear any amendment to the resolution which came before the meeting. At first this method of treatment only rendered the interruption more violent, but as the meeting grow indignant, and loud throats of ejection were uttered, so, after a few incoherent remarks, took a seat in the body of the room. The Rev. Mr. FLETCHER then came forward to propose the first resolution, which is as follows: .. "That in the opinion of this meeting, the system of State aid to religion pursued in this colony is unjust in principle and injurious in Hi operation; that it tends to degrade the position, and damage the character of the Christian Ministry; to interfere with the liberality and zeal of the Christian people to foster sectarian animosities in the community ; and, in generAl, to defeat the very object which it professes to promote." He supposed all would admit that those who were called ministers of religion had the rights and the privileges of citizens as well as other men. At the same time, it was not considered seemly for them to take an active part in political questions. He agreed with that opinion, and his conduct was wholly influenced by it but on that occasion she had broken through his reserve, on the ground that the question before the meeting was really of a religious nature, and had been dragged unnecessarily into the arena of politics, whence it would never be' extricated until the abolition of State aid. The resolution he held in his hand embraced many points, some of which he would leave to the gentlemanwhownsnppointed to second it. Lost session, when all classes were unanimous in the belief that the resolution agreed to by this Lower would also be carried in the Upper House, they were annoyed to find thoctipsuddenly dashes from their lips Now, however, when the new Parliament was on the point of assembling, it was the very time to agitate the question again, so as to secure the complete and final abolition of the pernicious system of State aid to religion. In the petition on the subject which would be presented there was scope for all the various objections to State aid which different men enter tried. In the main, all classes and determine tions agreed that it should be done away with at once and for over. The great reason for his objection to the continuance of the system was that religion was an affair of the heart, and bore upon the invisible and eternal, while the State must necessarily deal with the secular and visible. Religion must be voluntary, and if there was no affection there could be no religion. (Hear.) The State, on the contrary, acted entirely by force. It did not advise or short, but commanded and compelled. It had its police and its gaols, and in case of non-compliance they were brought to bear. The protection of the State, therefore, carried with it what was inherently inimical to the very nature of religion. (Hear.) If the view she had given the service to were correct, State aid to religion would be sapped to its foundation. In the old country there were many difficulties to be encountered in opposing the continuance of State aid. large endowments and complicated interests stood greatly in the way. But in a young country like Australia it was far different. No old prejudices had to be encountered, and the way was perfectly clear and uninterrupted. It had been urged that each religion should have its portion of assist r nee, but the principle was bad, and therefore it were better to do away with aid from the public purse altogether. (Applause.) It appeared to him that the Australian colonies were designed to work out several problems for the old country, which for various causes could not be settled there the ballot, for instance. It was plain and obvious that a great mond triumph had been effected when the ballot was established in Australia, and yet in England it was not yet adopted. so it was with State aid. Session after session in England had the House of Commons been fighting about 0110 little outwork- church rates. In the colonies people smiled at the notion. At last, however, church rates had been abolished but the modus operandi had not yet been determined upon. In New South Wales the majority of the new members of the Legislature had given their adhesion to the voluntary principle. (Cheers.) That was an example he hoped would be followed in Victoria ; nay more, that the abolition of State-aid would be sooner carried here than in the sister colony. If all the colonies adopted the voluntary system, the almost synchronous affirmation of the principle must react upon England ; old prejudices would be lessened, and the parents would learn of their children. (Cheers.) In conclusion he would say, now was the time to take action, to that meeting but give a good strong gust in the right direction, and plenty of candidates for legislative honors would be found to spread their sails to the favoring breeze. (2 Hear," and a laugh.) All who were seeking the Btiffi- agorof constituencies should be subjected to rigid care closing on the point, just as much as they would be on the land or any other vital question. If such a course were pursued, a very large majority of members in favor of the voluntary principle must be returned, and the question be thus Mottled for over. When that happy day came about, the citizens of Melbourne would not see clergymen again taking an active part on public platforms, or advocating anything approaching to a political question. (Cheers.) Mr. LANGTON said he had read of a manufacturer in the west of England who was extremely porous, and employed a very large number of workmen. He became impressed with the idea of making them all attend public worship on. Sundays, and proposed to pay them a day's wages if they would go to church just as if they had been at work. The workmen hold a meeting, the result of which was a heated mination to accept their employer's offer, and appointed one of their number to convey the information of their concurrence in his wishes, with this addition, that if he was willing to pay for overtime they would go to the Methodist chapel in the evening as well. (Loud laughter,) The same principle which actuated the manufacturer appeared to influence the politicians in favor of State aid. If they only put up a building, and got a man in it to preach the people must attend and be cold- j verted. Tho miers of the colony carried out that I Fnmo principle. They came from a country where I State aid was as firmly fixed an institution us king, lords, or commons ; they did not see how' Australia could possibly go on the voluntary principle. He was happy, however, to say that the population of Australia enjoyed more freedom of thought, spirit, and action than that of the older country, and that they had rubbed off many time honored prejudices. Although there was a dominant church in England, it would be dangerous to make one in Victoria. 50,00. was paid annually for the furtherance of the Christian religion, by which all denominations benefitted. If ' England only one Church was assisted from th J public revenue, and all others paid for the propagation of doctrines which they considered to be mischievous. To a certain extent it was the same in the colonies, for persons were compelled to contribute to what they did not believe in. By the census of 1857 it appeared that 75,000 par- sons were not included amongst the concomitants of any Christian church. The Act, therefore, he contended, was unjust and unprincipled. Thou principle upon which church endowment was originally accepted in England was the old one of _ "He may got who has the power, by ; And he may keep who can." (Applause.) He did not, however, mean to any that the supporters of the system of State and were any better or any worse than other men. (A laugh.) In all ages it would be the same, and whenever mankind got the chance of a I'suug monopoly they would avail themselves of the opportunity. The same principle bore away wind heretics were burnt, and nonconformists imprisoned. Let it therefore be the care of the colonists never to let religious zeal or religious animosities govern the State. (Cheers.) A movement is vi for a long time been afoot to include the Jerra in the favors bestowed by the State, and during the last session they were included. But the in Paris tice still remained, for to be equitable the legislature must either go much further or abolish church endowment altogether. There were Mormans, Pagans, and Bhuddists in the community, and therefore, to deal fairly with all sections, it would be necessary to patronize the followers of Joe Smith, and give a grant for the building of a joss-house. (Cheers and laughter.) Society could never be benefitted by giving pecuniary assistance both to those who declared that Jesus of Nazareth was God manifest in the flesh, and those who declared him to be an impostor. Out of 918 congregations in Ireland which received the Itcgium Doman, 42 contributed only £103 each to their ministers ; upwards of 100 only self. ; 176, 30. 45 201. and 71, only 106. per annum. In one parish, containing JOB persons, only 271. a-year was raised, which amounted to about 6d. a head and in another very large parish the contribution was only 4d. per head. That was in the north of Ireland, where the poverty of the country could n l be pleaded. Tho reviewer from whom he was quoting alleged as the reason for this religious apathy the benumbing influences caused by the constant receipt of public money, the effect of the system being to dry up the sources of liberality. 'the Bishop of Melbourne stated, in the last Church Assembly, that 10,000?. was contributed by the colonists annually towards the support of the Church of England. The members of that Church numbered at the time eon siderably more than 100,000 at the same time a denomination which boasted of not more than 20,000 members contributed twice the sum. (Hear.) It was a libel on the Church of England to say that its members were not as liberal as those of other denominations ; some of the wealthiest and most open-handed men in the colony were of that persuasion, and yet the fact was as he had stated. The reason he attribute to the blighting effect of State aid. Another objection had been raised by the opponents of the voluntary system, which was, that without assistance from the ÍState religion would die out. He would not stop to inquire what sort of religion it was that would die out if unsupported by Government, but he would say boldly that Christianity hand over beamed the brightest when it was least assisted and most persecuted. When it first dawned upon the world, who but the tent maker and the working-man missionary pushed its doctrines - In the dark ages dark indeed when Rome crushed all difference of opinion under her iron hook, the truth was conserved struggling in the Alps and the valley of Piedmont. When a brighter day dawned, in ho but the miner's son, Martin Luther, made the doctrines of Christianity again listened to with attention and respect ? (Applause.) In Switzerland the Reformation went on gloriously until the sword was enlisted to further its spread, and thou enthusiasm failed and the cause suffered. In England, too, when all religious feeling was at a stand-still. Whitfield and Wesley made it not a dead creed, but a living power. (Loud cheers.) Horace Mann had shown that out of the 24 millions of money expended upon church building and church support twenty two and a half millions were raised By voluntary subscription. Continued cheering.) Who were the men that did the work in England? Not the holders of fat benefices, as John Bunyan would nay, not the deans and archdeacons, but the curates who were hardly worked and poorly paid 300 of whom received stipends of less than £50 per annum. These men owed none of their zeal and piety to the Establishment, but they did owe much of their penury and misery, (Hear, hear-.) It was for all these reasons that he urged upon the people of Victoria to cease depending on the State for aid to religion. Let them subscribe liberally each to his own denomination, and the evil of Government church patronage would be done away with for ever. Abolish State aid, and no man's neighbor would be injured either in pocket or feeling ; neither would the truth suffer, for it was mighty, and must prevail. (Loud cheers.) Those who opposed the voluntary movement w are traitors to their own cause for in all ages religion find nourished the more as it was the less patronised. Let them stand aside, and let religion make its own way. Did they but listen to the truth, they would hear her constantly ox (claim, " Oh, save me from my friends I" (The speaker resumed his seat amid loud cheering. ) The resolution was then put, and carried all but unanimously. The Rev. Mr. RAMSAY proposed the next resolution, as follows: " That the beneficial results which have followed the cessation of Government aid to religion in South Australia and elsewhere, and the late favorable decision of our own Legislative Assembly on the subject, call and encourage the friends of religious truth and liberty to another and vigorous effort for the utter quick speedy extinction of the system in this colony." He said that he was thoroughly convinced that they were in the right in advocating the entire abolition of State aid. He thought they must not wait until their feet ings were worked up to a pitch of fever and zeal, but must immediately adopt those means which were necessary and legitimate for the attainment of their object. He had hoped not to have been again called on to appear on a platform for the purpose of advocating the voluntary principle, as he had hoped that by this time State aid would have been entirely abolished. They had been just on the eve of gaining their point at the termination of the last session of Parliament a Bill had been introduced by Mr. Michie, that State aid should be abolished (a voice, " In 1801"), but that Bill was greatly changed when it went into Committee It had and he said it with due respect always appeared to him to be a most anomalous feature in the Legislature, that there could be found in an Assembly 33 individuals-two more than an absolute majority of the whole House (" Only one") who declared that it was expedient that State 'aid should cease from the end of the year 1859, and that afterwards that measure should be altered in Committee by the substitution of the into 1860. It appeared that a Committee could override the absolute majority of the whole House; and that, he might say, he considered almost scandalous. (Laughter.) In the Upper House the votes were 13 contents to 14 non-contents, and it required 16 to abolish the present system constitutionally, according to the 53rd clause of the Act. The abolitionists failed from the want of two additional votes only, and he had since been informed that the two who had given those votes had regretted having so done. He believed that only one more determined and vigorous effort was required to accomplish the object they had in view, and that effort ought to be made at the approaching elections. There was, however, another resolution which referred to that part of the business, and he therefore felt that he was not called upon to speak to it. He would try and stick, to his text (laughter)- and that was no easy matter. The speaker then proceeded to quote from various works, among others some returns furnished by the Rev. Mr. Stowe, of Adelaide, to prove that in every country in which the voluntary system had been established, religion had increased in strength. He then went on to state that the ministry with which he was connected was entirely sustained by voluntary contributions, and he could stand conscientiously and boldly forward as an advocate of the voluntary principle. In the first Legislative Council, when a Bill for the abolition of State aid was introduced what he would ask, had been the nature of the opposition shown to it. The Council was' told that if State aid were withdrawn religion would cease: and the present Chief Justice stated that in South Australia the people had bitterly regretted ever having adopted the voluntary by Stem. The speaker then quoted various sta- to lies to prove that in Adelaide such was not this or so, but that the voluntary system had, worked most successfully, no was frequently interrupted by cries of "Time," "Shut up," he] He would remind them that they must arouse themselves j if they wished to gain their point, and however repulsive the task, they must go to work consols curiously. He believed, from what he had seen, that the meeting was unanimous upon the matter. (Cheers Mr. HALLER seconded the resolution, and said that it was most important that statistics should be read, because they were facts, and facts were very stubborn things. He should not, however, trouble them with many figures, but would simply refer to the fact that since the voluntary system had been established places of worship had increased in number 130 per cent. They had I been told frequently -that the voluntary system was a failure, but figures proved the contrary. In a Virginia the Church of England had been established, and it was the law that if a man was away from church for a quarters a year, he should pay 50lb. of tobacco. (Laughter.) That was carried on for some time, and the minister ' were getting worse and worse. Complaints were made without effect, until at last the War of Independence burst out, and the people said they would abolish State aid. The result of that kind been that religion had increased in the ? States and according to a return furnished by Dr. Bear in the United States there were 41,859 churches, and 20,530 ministers. Those' churches had been established entirely through the zeal of the people, and by voluntary contributions. (Hear, hear.) Many people said "Yo?; but the voluntary principle introduced slavery into the States;" (A voice-" Religion.") Habits,' no doubt, were engendered in all people in the colonies, and there were many things which ought to be done away with here ; but still the volun- taries should not be reproached, because shivery was introduced under the State church,- system. He could assure the , meetings and church establishments in Germany had done' more to prevent the spread of religion than all the infidelity which had existed. In Sweden things were still worse. ' There the priests required that servants should go to them for certificates, even if they wanted to leave their situations nothing could be done without certificates. Was not that scandalous, he would ask, and was it not enough to make any Christian bush? Last year, in Sweden, six poor women turned Roman Catholics for doing that they were turned out of the country. Was that liberty of conscience? He might say, how co or, that the King and his Ministers were opposed to such a bad system, but could not alter it, the higher classes being in favor of its own finance. He thought that Governments them selves should be taught: religion (Great ap- plause) and if that was the case, there would be very, little dissatisfaction in this or any other country-for what was religion but to do to others what they would have done unto them. (Cheers.) In Europe there was no liberty of conscience, because they did not do that. Religion was designed to benefit all men- at least, the religion of Christ ; and? there was only one man in Victoria who differed from the rest of the people as regarded religion, there was no reason why he should be compelled to pay his money. as all men should be on a feeling. After all the persecution which they had suffered who would not conform to the Church of England, the voluntary principle had made its way, and now ranked equal with the Church of England. (Cheers.) England was the freest country in Europe, and why was she? Was it not because her people had never rested until they had established a cordon of conscience. What had been the consequence of that to England ? Why they had been more religion than prevailed in any other country in Europe in which there was a Church. They might be sure that where the people were confined to any one religion the religion of that country was at a very low ebb. (Cheers.) When M. Guizot visited England he expressed great surprise at the number of bills which appeared with " supported by voluntary contributions " printed upon them and upon that system of voluntary contribution the great ness of England had been founded. He did not wish to say anything hurtful to people who differed from him in religion, for he merely came forward as a private citizen of Victoria, and whether a man was a Jew, a Turk, or a Chinaman, he should be treated in the same tray. He considered that no person had a right to go into his house and ask him what religion he was and that reminded him of a fact that once occurred in a neighboring colony. He had a servant who professed to be a Roman Catholic. It so happened, however, that a policeman called round with the census papers and asked her what religion she was,, without the least hesita- tion she replied that she was a Presbyterian. (Laughter.) Another person up the country employed about 30 men, and he proposed that they should make a fair division so many Church of England, so many Presbyterians, and so on. In Adelaide, when they commenced the practice of going round to houses, a man was asked his religion, and could not for some time answer, at last, however, he said - " What religion is the Governor ?" (Laughter.) During the first 30 years of this century 500 churches were erected in England, half the funds being found by Government, since then, however, a much larger number had been built without any Government aid. That proved the efficiency of the voluntary system. Annie, the Sabbath-schools proved the advantage of a voluntary system. In England there were at the present time 300,000 teachers engaged in instructing children at the Sunday-schools, and as long as such a spirit of self-reliance as that was manifested there need be no font of Louis Napoleon, or any other foreign power. (Great cheering. ) Then again he might refer to the disparity existing between the incomes of the clergy of the Church of England. Those upon whom all the labor and toil devolved actually did not receive so much as the working-man in this colony, while others were rolling in wealth. If religion could not exist without Government support, all he could say was, let it die. (Great applause ) Mr. SERVICE, Senior, inquired whether the present movement was to take with it the con- demnation of the Denomination Schools, for he held that they were equally condemnatory with religious establishments. The CHAIRMAN said the meeting was not called for that purpose ; it merely dealt with the question of State aid to religion. The subject of Denominational Schools could be discussed at a meeting specially called. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. LANGLANDS, M.L.A., moved the third resolution, which is as follows: " That this meeting, deeply convinced of the necessity of such a measure to the moral and religious wellbeing of the community, would respectfully recommend to the various constituencies at the approaching elections to return no candidate to the Legislature who does not declare for the immediate and total abolition of State aid to religion." He regretted the absence of a gentleman who would have been far more able to do justice to the resolution than himself. He alluded to Mr. Michie (Cheers and hisses,) The speaker, after l ecnpitulnting some of the arguments used by the former speakers, concluded by stating that there were no stancher friends to the voluntary move ment than his friends the Chairman and Mr. J Parker. Mr. J. S. JOHNSTON at that hour of the evening would not inflict a long speech upon his audience, more particularly as it was an established rule that when the oral mechanism of clergymen was wound up, it was warranted to go for half an hour at least. (Laughter.) He might state that he had the honor first to bring the voluntary principle under tho notice of the Legislature. When Mr. Westgarth in 1852 asked for a grant-in-aid for the Jews, who seconded that request, on the ground that if one denomination were assisted by the Government all ought to be, unless there was something in the dogmas of any of them injurious to the State. What were termed their latitudinarian views did not, how v er, go down with the House, and their request was refused. When he first attempted to procure the abolition of State-aid the grant was £6,000 annually. Now it was £50,000, and that was the result of his labor. (Laughter.) State aid had been the greatest stumbling-block to any general scheme of education. The clergy would, in his opinion, never agree to any system of education. With them it was no theology, no school. The monstrous principle seemed to be carried out in England, that, since the people could not be imbued with their religious opinions, it was better they should have no teaching at all. It was to this want he attributed the large increase of crime latterly. (A voice, " No, it is drunkenness.") Well, and what did drunkenness arise from, except from lack of instruction - In Glasgow alone there were 10,000 children who never went to any school, in Edinburgh, 50,000 never attended public worship in Glasgow, 100,000 and in London, a million. Church endowments he considered were the causes of that wholesale heathenism. In Ireland there was but the ghost of a church, and in Scotland, the paid incumbents of the old church preached to empty benches. In England the Established Church was but a nursery for a religious aristocracy, while all the work was done by poor curates. The very cathedrals were only objects of curiosity to visitors, and but seldom contained hope _. striving to gain popularity as an election fight into by a side-wind, as his political opinions were well known. Mr. HOOD, M.L.C, did not think it was necessary to sit three hours to hear arguments in favor of voluntaryism, although the speeches that evening had been extremely clever. He was of opinion that they came there to admit; some decided line of action. The country was virtually governed by 10 members of the Legislative Council, in which there would be no vacancies except by death or resignation until next year. The great object should, therefore, be to got proper men tion into the Council, and not waste time in on deavoring to indoctrinate candidates for the Legislative Assembly with views which they already possessed. Their attention would thus be drawn off from the land, and other momentous questions. (Hear, and " Oh, Oh !") Mr M'FAI/L stated that most of the gentlemen on the platform were the very persons who, had elected Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, the staunchest supporter of State aid to religion, to represent them in Parliament. (2 Oh.") He thought that the people should depend upon themselves, and not upon any Government whatever. The resolution was then put and carried, with one dissentient. Mr. FAIRFAX proposed the next resolution, as follows: 3" That the following petition be adopted, and signed in name and on behalf of the meeting by the Chairman, and forwarded to both Houses of the Legislature soon after the opening of Parliament." To the hon, the Legislative Assembly of the Colony of Victoria in Parliament assembled, The petition of the Inhabitants of the city of Melbourne and its vicinity in public meeting" assembled, " Humbly Showeth, , ' That your petitioners strongly condemn the system of aiding religion by grants from the public funds for the following among other reasons. > " Some of your petitioners who do not object to such a system on abstract > principles, you believe it is utterly inapplicable to a country like this, > lnhs,blt]l by a people of such varied opinions and usages. , " That such variety occasions the endow- men of] error as well truth, which endowment many of us conscientiously believe to be unscriptural and iron-. tions!. ^. I " That the continuance of such grants Inflicts par-' actual injustice upon those parties in the community' who conscientiously objoettotako there, or who are excluded from participation them, inasmuch as they are compelled to contribute their share towards supporting systems of religion of which they do not approve. ' Others of your petitioners consider the support Of I religion by State grants wrong in principle, believing it to be contrary to the very nature of religion that it should be sustained in whole or in part by compulsory taxation. " They believe that to impose upon statesmen the responsibility of interfering in matters of religion and providing for its support, is requiring of thomdutloi for which they are not specially selected, and for which they cannot generally be expected to be suitably qualified. " The habit of health off upon State aid for maintaining the ordinances of religion ends, in the opinion of your petitioners, to paralyse the liberality of the Christian people, who, if left wholly to their own resources, would be more likely to exert themselves to provide the necessary funds. " Your petitioners!! further believe the effect of the system upon the recipients themselves to ho unfavor- able to their efficiency, Inasmuch salt tends to weaken the tie between the pastor and his flock, to result! in their position men who may happen to be unstable, and to lower the sacred function of the ministry itself by making its holders State stipendiaries. " Your petitioners regard the amount of religious provision mother colonies where State aid has been abolished as proved, g sufficiently that the interests of religion do not suffer by being left entirely to the free action of the Christian community. " Your petitioners regard the speedy settlement of this question desirable for the sake of the peace and harmony of the community, inasmuch as those who object to the existing system on conscientious ground! two not likely license from agitating the public mind upon the subject until it is entirely abolished. " Your petitioners therefore pray that it may please your honorable House to pass a law for the total and immediate abolition of the fifty-third clause of the Constitution Act, which provides for the payment of .?60,000 per annum to this religious denominations of the colony. " And your petitioners will ever pray, &c.; "JAMES M'CULLOCH, Chairman." Mr DICKSON seconded the motion, and stated that there was no subject which he had studied so much as the one before them. He was not a' voluntary, but he thought the vote given by the Legislature was perfectly unnecessary. He thought that as the Churches had thoroughly established themselves in town, they should support others in the country; and he believed that for every penny the Church received from the Government, they lost a pound from the people. Mr. HOOD protested against the petition, as he considered the wording of it was very objectionable. "With due deference to the clergymen who had drawn it up, he would suggest that another one should be drawn up by two clergymen and two laymen. At present it charged certain Churches with being unscriptural. Mr. FLETCHER stated that those who could not, like Mr. Dickson, go with the whole could support the petition, inasmuch as it included the views of the main body of the people. Mr. RAMSAY thought it was a petition which even an infidel could sign. Mr. LANGLANDS said he did not think the meeting was bound by any one word in particular. Mr. LANGTON stated that Mr. Hood had labored under a misconception. The petition meant that anything like "endowment" was un- scriptural. Mr. hoOD said he would test the feeling of the meeting by moving that Mr. Langton, Mr. Miller, Mr. Fletcher, and the Treasurer, revise the present petition, (Great disapprobation.) Mr. MILLER thought that if every person would say to the Government, " We will not have one penny of your money, but perhaps the Roman Catholics would not do that (hisses), State aid to religion would soon be abolished. Mr. SERVICE, sen., attempted to address the meeting, but was met by great cries of " Oh, oh I " and " it down." He thought there was not one sentiment in that petition which called upon any man to do what was contrary to his conscience. Mr. JARRETT moved the insertion of the words, " which endowment many of us conscientiously believe to be unscriptural and irrational." By that means he thought all objections would be met. Mr. HALLER seconded the amendment. The motion of Mr. Fairfax was then put and carried. Mr. HARKER, amid great cheering, rose and said he had a most pleasing duty to perform namely, to move a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Mr. MILLER seconded the resolution. The CHAIRMAN briefly returned thanks, and the meeting separated. 