SYDNEY NEWS. MR. PLUNKETT AND MU. DEKIEHÏ FOR WEST SYDNl-.Y. A meeting of tho friends and supporters of these gentlemen was held on friday night, at the Clare Hotel, Cumberland street Mr Freehlll In the chair About four hundred peivoiu, the Herald says, were present, and the mieting bad to be ad- dressed from the verandah of the house Mr LVmchi, on pre seuting himself, was received willi long continued cheers After thanking them for the reception they had given bira, he said he had gouc Into the last Parilumtnt not so much to sup port Mr Cowper as to turu out of ottlce those men vv ho linn I held the reins ol power This having been accomplished, he. In conjunction with Messrs Mulray and Plunkett, had taken to criticise the acts of those who had succeidcd, and they hod done it so successfully, that the only «source Hie Government had was in counting out the house He then explainid to the electors how lils name had come to be used in conjunction willi Mr Plunketts, and denitd that there was anything ol .liena ture of a coalition betn ceil them Coming to guiLnil topics lie insisted upon the reconstruction of the upper house upon an elective basis He was liol in lavorof doing away with the second chamber, as tilt experience of Britain, of America of all places where constitutional government exited showed it io be necessary the more particularly uluru the democratic eli ment prevailed lu the lower chamber Uu next came to the Load Question, which he considered to be the great question of the day, and he begged of them lo send in no mon to the As- sembly who wos not prepared to open the land of the colon) to every man who chose to go and occupy it He said he was not a member of the Land League, though lie had been the first who in Parliament had «dvot-nted the adoption ol the American land svstem Ile aslid that Hie c\pirhneiit should bo trlul, tnd until It viss so, he would say thut they had no grounds for saying it would not answer lure lie sold that tilt agricultural ami pastoral interests wire not antagonistic, but that the agricultural Interest vv as at v ariaucc vv 1th those large ov ergruwu squatters who took upa whole country to themselves, anil with uuwield) capitalists and land Jubbirs who vviehtd to sill their lands at u profit, Instead of luting tho farmers uu> them at first hand Ho said the squatter olriady had the right of free selection, and tho agriculturist should have tue same Ho found fault with the restriction» that Mr Robertson would place upon free selection, aud cou siiltred that they made it a mere sham He (Mr Dalith) ) n a» for allowing a mun when he uns u illiug to occupy, to take up any land, surveyed or unsurveyed, to the extint ol lou orJ.'U .cres. He next ulludtd to the Survc) dtpurtintut, which hud become a complue circumlocution oula, and required to be swept away btforethty could expect ali) thing Uki the esta bllshintint of a good system of (and iuuuugiiiit-nt He con- trasted the cost per acre under this systim, with the eos' of turvey in America Ile said that laud in America co->ts two cents and a fraction to survey, while land hen, under tile pre sent system, cost 6s 4d , and the Cowper Government, bv their land bill of last year, pioposid to sell It ut 5b an acre-a stroke ot statesmanship which, Mr Duileh) sold, win worth) of the source whence It emaiiatid Hu contended (lint they would never have the sun 0) sol tin country propel ly conduUid until they adoptid the Americans) stein Ho was also lu lavor of the abolition of the law ut primogeniture, and thought .whare a person possessed ot loud died wit hont a will, his pro- perty should be distributid unionist his children, according to the laws of divine justice, eaoh child huvlng Its allait He neu dwelt upon the advamagu to hi derived irons au extended s)c tem of railway ooinmunliatlon On the subjeot ot education, he professed himsill a stieuuous supporter ot the Netiuiud sa- ltern and drew their at tuition to oil that Mr i'luiiketl lind donu i(>r the country In that respe ct lleexprtHSullilimH.il to le nu adioeste fur (lui abolition oi State aid to riliUou, billig sure that would tend tu more harmony in a I tiie churches \\\ it li rossrd to the suffrage he said, somuililug would riquln to be done to amend tin prisait nsldiullury qualification, as under the present Aet any change of risldencc would dlsquu II) a voter, and mam ol those who thought they wera entitled to a vote would tine!, when tiley came to the poll, that they wore dwranchlscd lie would pruposi a rtmedy lor It, hy issuing a Weitet to Hie elector winn he ngUters bim elf, »billi ticket hi produces when hu desires to v otc, and w bloh is his u ithuritv lor yoting He,conclu .ed by pressing on the ileitors to be guldtd In thibr choice of reprtsiutativesby the principles ot thi mut who caine lorwajd, rather than ty Hie men theuisilvis It was then moved by Mr J Simmons seconded by Mr (j)lllck, and carried with loud cheers "1 hut Mr J H Plunkett is a fit and proper person to represent West Syduu) iu Wie ensuing Parliament Alter which Mr Coleman moved, and Mr enr rabcraecondid and it »as put and carrhd with cheers 'That Mr D 11 Diulehy Isa fit and proper person to represent \\\ cat tejdncv in the ensuing Parliament ' A ward committee un* immediately formid lo secure tho election ot these cuudldatis, and alter the usual vote ol thanks to the chairman, tho muling »eparsjed _ Tire Collision between tije Viaua. anp the Victoria Steamers.-Au inquiry is being lustltuied by the Stettin Navi- gation Hoard Into the circumstances or the late collision ot tile Kloino and Victoria steamers On Friday, the munter ol the Victoria vas examined. From lils statement it nppiurcd that the Victoria wa» returning Irani Manly with passengers, mid having landed some at Woolloomooloo, vvos coming up Darling Harbour, passing to the north ot a vessel culled the Lspciuuce, As soon as that vest«) nu» cleared the lighlsol tisleiiinu comiug round Miller's Point, and ut about hull-a-mlle distant, weiu seen. The helm uas Immediately ported, und tho «Hamer was hailed, but tho speed was not altered ; l|ie Victoria then going at half-speed. Tho steamer did not pia her lit')'» doun when balled; aud, a* tho Victoria was between tho Esperatioo and another vessel, the llenares, the collision took place. Doth lights were lit on board tbo Victoria biforc she lett Woolloo- mooloo; but the port light »as put out by the collision, According to the stt'crsinuu ot the Victoria tho captain ot that vessel called out three times to the Uluma to poi t lier helm, mid | If this hod been doue the steamers might have cleared. The victoria was going at between eight or niiio knots, and tim Kisina's light nos seen about two minutes before the collision occurred. The Victoria's helm vvub hard a port, mid she was running off as fast as she could to the north. Another siaman and apasscngcr ol the Victoria also gave evlUenoo generally to tho eflect that the lights wtro up, that theio vvus room for bath steamers, and that the Ii bunn ciuno st i night on her couise From the statement of the mosttr ol the Kiumii, it appinieil that tho first notice ho got of the Victoria washy lier mnsthi-ud light aud her bell, she being then on tho oilier sido of tile Esperance. 'Ho Immediately called opt " hard a port," mid directly utter wards, aeciug that tho vessel was the Victoria, ho called out to ¡tho engineer id stop, und go astern, full »pfled, The Victoria was apparently steering a couru; nculust willoh the poxswnln bad been frequently cautioned, 'ibu engineer ot the Kiama Stated tlint the order to stop her mid go astern was ¡minimini ly attended toi and the evidence ol other witnesses was to tho effect that »hu unawueil hei helm 1 ho mule uf tho Klniiiu did not thluk the Victoria's lights were lit, or Hint silo was on tho proper side of the huibour 1'he steirsiiian did not seethe Vic- toria till she was right lutu tim Klumn. The Inquiry w11* adjourned till Monday.-Abridged J rom the S. M. lluatd, uum Amy. At a meeting of the Bl lsbaiio School ol Arts, held on the ltth, Dr.jruUarton wai «lacud Präsident, in tn» roon oi yf. A, ELEOTioNEEnrNO MtrTiNGS in Sybnet -The¡candidatos for tho various tlcctorntcs of Sydney and its neighbourhood havo been addressing the electors ut numerous meetings Ç-n Mon day night Mr T Broughton apoke at a meeting of the «est Sydney electors announcing himSLlfason advocate of freo solee tionlnlanil«ithileltrrcd payments freetrnle an elect!; e Upper House, nnd Hie abolition of State aid to religion In the tow ni vand settled districts 1 he candidate was approved and a coin mitt t to secure lils return was appointed Mr Wluaeyer ad drtsstd tilt Paddington tleotors at Redfern onrhosameevenlng with a smii'nr result Mr M ArthurmtttlieNcwtownelcotors fortl» Hrsttime onMondav evening Hisnldhovvnsaniidvocate ol elvilniidriligtoiis lil trty but he denied that lit tame for ward as the rtpnsuitativi ol a denomination He was In Invor oi the national system of education as tilt one best adapted to .nipt h the wonts oi tilt colony He was opposed to Statt aid to religion He would encourage free trade but would not ubjtct to a duty for the purpose ot roi enue Ile would support flit construction of j ubi o works and railways to the utmost limits ot ccono nicol pioduce On the land question while he did not enter into details he pledged himself to support any mtnsura that would most effectually promote the settlemtnt of the c untry and develop Its rtsources to the fullest pos«lbit exttnt and he nddtd that lio wtnt a long vv ay vv itli the man! itsto of tiie Land League He advocate1 a reform In the con stltutlon of the Tjpper House At the close of his address he was voted a fit and proper person to represent the elccton and a committee was formed to secure his return 1 he candidates who spoke nt the other meetings ha 1 addressed the electors on previous occasions -Abridged from i/ie S If Herald UajSl I St Andrew s Cathedral -On Monday evening a publlo mooting was held in the Church Society s house M duty, for j the purpose of devising means to raise funds for putting on the roof of St Andrew s Cathedral, material for which had been imported recently About seventy persons were present 1 lie chair waa taken by lils Excellency the Governor General The report read stated that since the fast meeting of subscribers a contraot to carry up Hie stonework of the western towers the western window mid the gable between the two towers had been accepted the work had been completed and the full amount due to tht contractor, ¿300J had been paid, any further subscriptions would therefore be specially devoted to the roof Hie sum required for the roof woull bo about £3000 Tin Itad for the rool lind arrived tho Blutes wert dally ex pected a portion al the timber bad for some lime been in the possession of I lit co nmittoe, and waa well seasoned All was tlienforn ready and If the funds were subscribed a very few months would suffice to cover the building in The qutstlon was how to mist the funds and as tht Quinquennial Fund had bttn attended with so much success, the committee pro po«td that a list ol sul scriptlons to bo continued for three yetirs bt opened Mr Dowlii g having through his removal from Sv liney resigned the office of secretary, Mr C Kemp lind bttn rtnucsltd to tictcpt It and the oifico oftrtnsurcr resigne 1 by Mr 1 VV S Hitit on his departure from tile colony had been accepted by Mr G K Ing low On tho motion of tho BMiopof S)diicv the report and statement of attoimts were adopted mid ordered to be printtd for circulation Tho foi lou tug resolutions were then p^^cd - lliat independently of tht dut) of churchmen in tills important diocese to erect a church in some dtgrec worth) ol its metropolitan charactir the grtnt and inoru ing number of persons visiting Sydney tram all parts ot the world to whom the cathedral will bo always open and who have no other church accommodation renders it peculiarly a dut) to co nplttt this noble structure without delay That the present state of the building renders an tfiort to raise funds for its completion especially necessary and the meeting tliortforc urges on tho members of the Church throughout the colony the iiiipoi lance of comply ing with the suggestion of the committee by entering into a subscription to bt continued lor three years' After u vote of thanks to his I xccllency tlio meeting separated The other speakers on the occasii n were the Bishop of Victoria (Hong Kong) the lion L II Ita) ley Sir Charles Nicholson, Sir Alfred Sti phen Mr Charles Kemp and the Dean of Sydney - Abridged from the S V Herald Vay3l A VisiTon Thom Bvliivuvt-In November last the people ol Ii ilhiarnt were startled by tho sudden disappearance ol their Clerk of Council and some ¿300 Luqulries and search were mode for tht missing man and the money but to no effect, and the re imhmnce was gradually dying away However, within the last lew weeks Detective Vlcxandcr received a com mission for the southern road of this colony and on tuesday eiciihu luBt arrived on the Adelong Few knew his bnsincss and les« suspecte I it But between seven and eigbt the board era at the Pride of Gal vaywtrt rather anno)cd at the intrusion of Hie detcctivo vv hilo tiley wert tuklng tea and not a little sur prised at lils f ainlliurlty in tapping one of their friends on the shoulder and with his wtll known voice exclaiming- I vvaut v ou It stems that tile person whose presence was require 1 by vfr Alexander was no other than James Mulhollaii tile lost Cltrk of the Countil at Ballaarat Ile had dten doing the heavy in Napoleons &c; for two or three da) s, and spoke largely of going to Sydney for the purpose of bu) Ing some crushing niiiclnncr), and to see n)Oungwlfe to whom he has only been married sonic two or three months We believe he has been carr) tug topsails all down the road, especially at Albury Too much praise cannot bo given to Detective Alex- ander for the acuteness and ability displayed in the capture of the truant clerk. He has only been here on three occasions, and tacli time secured his man -Adelong Mining Journal The Season-For nearly a week, rain has fallen with only occR«lonal bnef intermissions and winter now appears to hove f tri) set In, tht atmosphere being bitterly cold The btntflt derived Irom the copious fall of rain will prove Incalculable both to the larmer and the grazier Ploughing so long re- tarded by the drought now goes on briskly lu muny localities notwithstanding the heavy min which continues to descml Wheat which last week rost lo8s ptrbu bel, now fluctuates very mud in value, and but little dependence can be placed on the quotation which Is nominally unaltered This will proba bl) continue to bo the case until farmers have compltttd their p ougliiug and so vine 0| «rations -Yass Courier Thl Elect ions -1 our ballot boxos have reached Yass for use on tht occasion of Hit election of n member fur Yass Plains At present however, thcrestims to belittle probabilit) of their b i g brought Into use as there is not a solitary candidate before tilt electors It will he seen that a meeting ot elector» Is called for 1 bunilla) evening to considtr the proprlet) of solid ins some ti tibie pirron to become a can lidate Although the meeting is culled anonymously, we anticipate there will ben lare,c attendance - Yass Courier, May 28 MoiiLVAltACEs-fhh lone talked of miet was beldon the Moru) a race courws on Tuesday, W ednesday and Thursdtt) the 17th 18th nnd 19ih of Mny The wtnthtr » as agreeable and the a-scmbla^e oi spectators numerous f lie racing ex cecded the antlti| allons of many Un tilt first day the Iriul Stakes of ¿15 for ull two year old colts tarry Ing 8 stone was won by Mr Coman s Harp, Mr Murphy s Muglo being tin second horse the chief prlzi the Moruya Plute of £60 was carried off b) Mr lltssiun s Calendar Mr Kirby « Napoleon being the second horse ; the ronner s Purse of ¿.'5 was non bv Mr Stapleton s Cromart) Mr Wanagan s Counsclloroccup) ing the second place iu the race On Hie second day the Mulden I late-of HO was won by Mr M Cauley s Shandy Maguire Mr Stapletons Cos-nck being second be«t Mr Comáis Holl) hockuonthe Huidle ltaoc, the sicond place falllni, lo the lot ol Mr Klrb) s Sultan Mr Stapletons evergreen won tilt Publican s Purse ot ¿Jo (under protest) Mr Hlckoy s Bart bouts being stcond In the race On the third du), the Araluen Plate of ¿40 for all horses weight lor agc, vv as won by Mr Stapleton s Cromarty bealing Calendar, who ran home n good second the Hutk RaccofLIS, uuswon by Mr Hickt) sRoval Oak, Mr Jeffrlis Hatcalchcr billig second and the Consola tion Stakes or LU wen tarried off by Mr Hickey s Bartbonis Braidwood üispahh PnostcurjON ron Libel -rrnncls Sandoe, proprietor of tilt tra new simper, was summoned b) Joseph Windred, pub Utan for having published a faNe, scandalous aud malicious libel reflecting upon the character of the latter The affair arose out of a charge dec! led against the compluinnnt during the preceding vyeck to the effect that he kept a certain imple ment In his house for the purposes ol gambling namely a roulette, tho whole gut ol the ullctcd libel consisted in the words* Ciiargtol i-raud heading the following paragraph as published in the Fra of the ¿1st Instant -Charge of 1 rand - At the Central 1 olico Court on \\\ ednisda) Mr loseph \\\ iuelred, of Pitt street, publican appeared to answer a charge of having in violation of the Licensing Act kept a certain gambling apparatus, by means of vi li ich one Patrick It) an of Merton, was fleeced to the tune of ¿115 It appcartd fiom tht cvldtnce that prosecutor wtnt to Windred s some few days since an 1 having partaken too freely of drink was induced to commence betting on a species of roulette The pla) was con tinned until prosecutor had lost a large sum, tho persons pre- sent opposing all attempts ou his purt to leave the place, and Introducing champagne with the view, as ho believed of ren dering him still more Incapable of protecting himself Alter he had lost the whole ot his monc), amounting to £1.23, prose etitor went away to lils Io Iglugs opposite but was shortly after aroused by n Mr Thompson who suhl he hud been sent bv ono Osmond lor ¿100 mort uMell it »asalleged lit (pro«icutor)had borrowed from Osmond Tlu«e were Hit inuln lads ot the cast as su orri to by ltyan, who was quite unable to speak nilli any degree of certainty us to »hut took plucc while he was In the house, or to s oint out bon the Iruud which lit suspttttd bud been accomplished 1 he roulette box (out of tho ordinary re vulvlng pivot boards) vus produced in Court, and their Ivor ships holding tim it came within the meaning of the term ' implement ol fuming ' found defendant uiiU), and ordered that he poy a line ol 10s, willi ¿3 Js professional costs Mr Cory, who appeurtd for the plaintiff, contended that the words 'chaigo ot fraud, Implied au offence with which the com plumant had nour beul charged, the conviction being for merely having kept a gambling impltmciit in lils houso Mr baudoc on the other bund argutd that the heading was Imma- terial, and could not possibly bo construed to indicate mullet since tho facts as disclosed in the body of tht paragraph, and upon thest alont every cast should rtst, were mere!) thoso sit lortli in tht de positions and rt ported in the Herald previous io the issue of Hit fin Upon horning that the heading, which was purtly incidental had given offence, and that the com plainant desired an apology he liad ollered to make one through the samt ii cdliim in which the alleged 11 lied hud boen published, but tht corni lalimut would nut bt satisfied unless it was also published in the Humid and Ampire Ibis he declined to do, but In last Saturday s ¿hi lit made t>uoh au apolov.) as hu con- sidered due Ihe beuch (Mr H S Boss) rtítnctl judgment until 3 o clock »hen he dismissed the case, reniai king that It would be fruitless to sind li elsewhere as he fuit convinced the Atlomcv (jimmi would not tilo a bill on the uv Ideuoe adduced -Fiiiptie May31. Death of an Infant- On Friday the city coroner held an inquest at the Lord Rodney Hotel, Kent street, on the body of a child of a year & 8 months named Lewis Lambert. It appeared that the child's mother had brought it from Grafton, on the Wednesday previously, and the passage being rough it had died from exhaustion by long continued sea sickness - Abridged from the S. M. Herald May 30. Hielt uiuist lune» My« that Mr f J Hawkins will contest Ihe ilee lion tor \\\ ist Macquarie with Mr John M'Phlllamy A man nan td samuel Cruskery rtsldlug ut Berrima, lind lils thumb loin nvvuv from his lilt hand b) the bursting ol a j,un on Queen » Ulrttutlgllt A shoemaker named John Cummins, residing at Yass, while engaged at lils work dropped dead on the Door Tho cause of death Is not stated Mr Garrett addressed ihe elect or* of Shoalhaven at Thomas s hotel nu the iutli ultimo, and was well reoelvtd At the conclu son ol lila address the usual motion in his favour was passed 1 he next day he proceeded lt> the southward, uccompanltd by Mr lohn M'Arthur, to meet the const! uduc) at lamarangand Ulladulla lha Amina Examiner sa)s ht appears to bo the most popular man, and there is but huit doubt ot his sucoesslul Mum A meeting of the elector* of East Macquarie w as held st Peel, on tiie Sith, »hui Mr W II Suttor gave a statement ot lila pol thal vltws, and was voted a fit and proper person to re pi osent them Hie at nuai general meeting of the membors of the Arg)le Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held at tho Court House, Goulburn on I ridny afternoon 1 ho attendance was (mall Mr I L Rossi having been voted to the oh»lr, colltd upon the lion storetary, Mr thorn, tortnd Hit icport Tho riport bognn by congratulating the members on the succcsslul narking Of tlip boeill) At Its second annual ploughing match on tho J6t)iSi|)liinhor, 18V8, work was ptrlormid lliut w oui 1 not dlsgitice uuy ol Hie great agrloulttiral districts of tin ohler count i y AU that was required was rntlvvnis, and wt should soon bo Independent of foreign Importations of sjrloul t ni til poluoi Another matter, which wus spoken ol In the report as a subjtot of complaint, was that though Goulburn had bien proclaimed a iimrktt town, and coiniiilssfouirselected lor full) n liar no actiun »hattver lind been taken to open and establish u market, which was a grievous injustice! to producer and consumer 1 he report concluded with ccpicsslng regret that at tho late exb|ul|tpii ol produce, Implements. &e;, there uns su grtiit a laak al exhibitors, ami fear that mitt's a mun aotivi Intelost was taken in tho cause ol the sooltty, it must languish Ador the election ol the ollloe bcnreia for tho year, Mi W Chnlflild moved that, tor tilt purposu of widening tin (nitrations of thesoclttv ptrsoii8he)ond tilt police dlstrlot of Goulburn should bu qunllflid to become membors of the sooltty und exhibit and compete at any ol Irs exhibitions, which was carried unnnluiotiBl) A publlo meeting of tho eleotors of Kiama was hold at the Steam Pucket lim tor the purpose ol hearing Mr Gcurgo G ay express his politic«! opinions rho meeting »ni attended v ntaily a hundred cltctors Mr Urn;, In lustiddriss stated that upon that day lie hail nrrlvtd at Hie summit ol his (ïïtliyeiii, during eighteen ot which ha had borne tho beat and toil oi an Australian sun ; and now having, by hoiust industry and fru Utility, acquhed an independence, he was willing to devoto lils timo and substance to benttlt tho colony lind also tilt dlsti let of Kiama, uhtreln his own personal Intelests wire centred Mr Uni) stuttd hu was In tavor ot State aid to ckrgv, and of tho UpuQntlnatlono) s)sleni ot education flu laud sys'oiii Which to lils 'mind ought tq ho iidqittd would ha lug li tho landa »mil prltt uctot ding to its real vnhu that Is to st», hind north .'-' nu nure let it I« sold lor Hint on ii mill land worth ¿30 sold fur its vahiu, but no and ion-no eom| etltltin snell a» would enable thu laigt capitalist to swamp ami sw allow the little Irj Hi wusln tuvoi ol inusiliotlon ntilporacru Aturro i pi) hu to sovuni questions put by the muting mid expressing I adeleriiilimtlon slluuH it more vvoithy otmdldato appear, to . retire In lils luvor, Mr Gray sut down umidst loud olutrs A cvorornittaj« ww tatn formad for th» purpow of teeniing his 1 eleetlon, Tho plnut and staffof a new paper to be pubïlshcrt'in Ir¿wkJ>, under the name of the Herald, arrived there recently by the The Wellington correspondent of the BatiMr.il Times tars that rain lins como atlast, and happily in sufficient quantities to give a stimulus to nsrlculttirnl operations.4 It carne also timely for the gra¿lors, for feed of stock was very limited, and cattle were getting very low in flesh. The saino .correspondent sa)s that Mr. G. Lord will be unto canvass tho district-next week, and to nddrcsj the voters of the electorate, now designated the Bogan. He is to be opposed by Mr. W. F. Buchanan, who, he snys.ir report be true, will not have "a ghost of a chance. Regaining our own election, lie savs, Mr. Hyeronlmus is in the field ujroiust Mr. A. T. Holroyd ; and that owing o .Mr. Holrowl'8 illness preventing bim from addres-Ing the electors personally, Mr. Rveronimus has obtained the promiseof tho majority of the voters in the township of Wellington. Unless, therefore. Molong bo much In Invoror Mr. Holroyd, ho will not be returned ; Tmt should Molong declaro in his favor, there will be a hard-fought contest. The same correspondent also writes that a party are about proceeding to Mitchells Creek prospecting for gold. This is thesame locality where M'Gregor, the shepherd, obtained gold in good quantities some six years before Mr. Hargrave's discovery. One of the party was a resident at Wellington at that time, and saw M'Gregor beating up quartz at one particular spot for the purpose of obtaining gold. Her Majesty's Birthday was kept In Bathurst with the UBunl demonstrations of joy ; and, with occasional Intermissions, the sport was prolonged lill early morning. The Bathurst Zinses says that the absence of the "great big bonfire, which used to blaze each ) ear in honor of the occasion, acted as a serious drawback to the pleasure of the evening; and some hardy gen- tlemen night- walkers avenged themselves for the omission bv seriously damaging the windows, shutters, signboards, and knockcrsw many respectable citizens. ' ' A man named Bryden fell out of his boat the other day at Hunter's Hill, and was drowned. Tht Land League intend to hold open air meetings, for the purpose of spreading their principles and inducing people to support their candidates at the forthcoming elections. The first meeting is to bo held on tile 30th instnut. At u meeting of Sir Daniel Cooper's supporters, held at the Beehive Inn. Waterloo Estate, a resolution approving ol hlin as a candidate was passed. Tile attendance was small, and the ÎersoiiB present were not unanimous In according supportto Sir »aniel. _, , Tlio Parramatta Chronicle, on the authority of a Vtyndsor correspondent, says that Mr. Bobert Scott Itosa hus been ra-, quested to bo put in nomination against Mr. Dalley, and that, should he decline, Mr. Walker, solicitor, will be prevailed upon to take his place. Another correspondent, writing from the some blace, say« that for the district Messrs, 'Darvall'and Piddington arc the only gentlemen In the field, and that Mr. Piddington is at present umvn-sinp, and has been well received. A poor boy named Buggy was killed at Liverpool, on the 33rd instant, by a kick in the stomach from a horse. The unemployed of Sydney held a meeting last Tuesday. Grc.it numbers were present, and they were addressed for three hours hy .Messrs. J. P. Arkins and T. D. Kusk. _. A meeting of Mr. E M. Saycrs's supporters, numbering about three hundred, was held nt Cowell's Hotel, Ryde, tor the pur- pose of heming a statement of his political principles, Mr. Parkes in the chair. A resolution in support of Mr. Sayers having been proposed, an amendment in favor of Mr. J; S. Fariieil was brought forward; but the original motion was passed by a large majority. Resignation.-A meeting of the committee of J. F. Cle- ments and J. B. M'Guigan, Esqrs., was held al Mrs. ShorthiU's, Prince Albert Inn, on Tuesday last, when it was agreed that, in order to secure the election ot the former gentleman, Mr. M'Guigan should retire from the field. Mr llotton's remarks ot his late meeting, which were evidently intended to drive Mr M'Guigan to the poll, have not been successful, that gentle- man having too much good sense to weaken the chances of Sir. Clements' election by dividing the Interests of the same party. Bathurst Times, May 20. ' A correspondent ot tho Bathurst Times, writing from Rock- ley, says that Mr, John M'Phillnmy, of Mount Tamar, sd (hesseei tile electors of West Macquarie, on the 23rd instant,at Levey's, Rockley Inn, and that lils opinions coincided with the wishes of a large body of electors present, who unanimously passed a resolution that he was a fit and proper person to repre- sent them. Mr. Whalan addressed the electors of the Turon, at Kearney's Royal Hotel, on the 21st Instant. Between titty and sixty per- sons were present. A resolution was unanimously passed that he was a fit and proper person to represent Eoit Macquarie.-', Government Printer -Mr. Thomas Richards has ibeen appointed to this office, vice Mr. William Hanson, resigned Herald. May ti. v The Licensing Sessions have closed, and 497 public houses tre licensed for the ensuing year. No free-trader need be shocked at this. There is much worthy ot consideration in the notion of Mr. Owen, the teetotal member for Adelaide, who maintains that free distillation will lessen drunkenness.-Empire. , Tho Southern papers report that the drought has teen break- ing, and that should flue weathar shortly ensue, tho seraen, though late, will be favourable to the farmer. [ Dr. J. B. Wilson is named as a candidate for the Southern Gold Fields Electorate. ,, Mr. F. A. Cooper has met some of the electors of Braidwood, and has been favourably received I Mn. Hill ron Newtown.-A public meeting of electors of Newtown was held on Thursday evening at the AVhlte SvAn Inn, Shepherd's Paddock, at which Mr. E. S. Hill explaluid his views as a candidate for the representation of the Nentovtn electomte. Mr. Hill advocated the establishment of grammar schools throughout the country, the gradual withdrawal ftf state aid to religion, tree selection of land under certain circum- stances, but with cash payments, and the extension of railway!. He was opposed to the taxation of alienated louds. A resolu- tion approving ol Mr. Hill as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate was passed, and the meeting separated. -Abridged from the S M. Herald, May 27. } Electioneeiu.no Movements.-On Saturday evening, at l meeting of electora ot West S)dney, Mr. Alderman Murphf was affirmed to be a fit and proper person to represent them He addressed the meeting, and asserted lils approval of the principles of the Land League, and lils advocacy of protection A committee was formed to secure his return. Mr. Black hat been well received by the electors of East Sydney on two occa- sions. Mr. 8. O. Brown udelressed tile Newtown clcctois on Friday, and a committee to Secure his return was lonncd. Mr. Sayers held a successful meeting at Gladesville (St Leonard'«), on Saturday. On Wednes a) -Mr. S. Lyons was voted a lit and proper person to represent the clciora of Canterbury. Abridged from the S M. Herald, May 80. The GaiUbum Chronicle, otter commenting on Hie great popularity of the Cowper Ministry which the agitation conse- quent on tim approaching elections has been the means of developing, sa) s that it is quit« possible, however, to ctrry this sort of thing too far. They cheerfully admit tile justice or Mr. Cowper's cluims to popularity and hope to see nlin malutoin the ascendancy he bos attained-so long at least as.be con maintain it by the legitimate exercise of superior tact aud ability. They sneaklulilgli terms of lils Industry, lill talent, and believe lu lils sincerity. They affirm that his mlslstry Is tile first since the establishment of responsible government that has assisted to ripen some of its expected trulls. But leith all this they have uo desire to seo bim elev ated to a practical dic- tatorship. They have no wisli to see adherence to theCowper Ministry made the test of election. The; think that lo place Hie Issue on tills narrow ground is unworthy a free peoile ¡ and that if a man of in i-lligence, patriotism, und liberal (pinions I offer» himself as a representative, he should not be fettered by an unconditional support to a particular ministry. Tley men- tion thut in their own town this disposition to make tile ques- tion of adherence to tho present ministry tim only ¡one In selecting ft representative has been manifested In some snorters In the setting on foot a requisition to bringforvvard Mr.Cliorles Cowper, Jun, the Bolo object in electing whom vvouH bo lo secure his vote for his father's ministry ; and conclude with bringing forward very lelicitously Iho example ol Mr. Heñidn- os suflltieiit to show the ivorthlessnt'ss of pledges of subuort to a ministry. rr It is said thut Mr. R Scott Ross has slgnillo I lils inten,ton or co nesting the election for Windsor willi Mr. Dullcy. ' The Railway-.-Tiie total earnings on tho Gnat Southern Hallway for the week ending 2áth May, amounted to £1010 las 8d., and the total number of passenger* curried was (3331. Empire, Moy 31._ , 