THE RAILWAY STAFF. In our last number we had occasion to speak of the Railway Staff, and in the exercise of our duty as pub lic journalists, that requires us to comment on the doings of our public men, it was our pleasant office to pass a well- merited enconium on the gentlemen who assisted to carry the Keilor Plains and second section of the Murray River Railway to a successful issue. The; public -press; is oi'-cUed''upbii:|t),'4isdhaie its duty iii an opposite direction it is often hhlig-ed to correct the abuses of those who 'hold- official positions ; and whensoever it is necessary for us to do so, we shall not shrink from being a u terror to evil doers" ; hut it is not the taunting- sneers of an incompetent and eg-otistical ingrate, that will make us forget that if the press he a terror to the evil-doer, it is also its province to praise those who do well.' ' f r It appears, that our remarks have crossed the grain, of a scribbler in the Age, who glories in the anony mous-signature of;G.E.y and who tells its that lie- is par excellence "'''the C.E.- o'f C.E.'s, a pafag-dn of professional ability, at .whose judgment : all "others must bow the deferential knee. He objects that Mr. Darbyshire is a competent man, that he oc cupies a position 'as the ablest surveyor in the country, and he (C.E.) ventures so far out of his pigmy depth, as to intimate, that so far from our statement that he was both, being true, that both Mr. Darbyshire and his book on "Railway Curves" are no authority, and that the Engineer-in-Chief has had no experience , in . surveying. Now C.E. (tor at present we mean to treat the' individual as a reality, although we will- -suhsequently show ' that lie is a myth) either to'era- avhaVhwwasfMg.'dbdulk of be did not, he either knew what Mr. Darbyshire's training was, or he did ; not. If .he . did not, -true to his innate propensities, he has committed a superlative juece of gratuitous impertinence, in.asserting what'he could not substantiate and what the evidence of Mi. Darhyshire's conduct, both on the' Survey and' Rail way Staff, sufficiently disproves I and if he did' know what Mr. Darhyshire's training lias been, he verifies the opinion that is formed of him (C.E.) by every man who comes into contact .with him— he shows, he is capable of inventing wilful falsehoods to serve his own petty and vindictive ends. . If C.E. knows Mri Darhyshire's antecedent training to fill the important position lie so ably occupies, lie will know that" from his earliest boyhood Mr. Darhy shire has been in one of the, best schools in existence to make a first-class surveyor : that lie is the son of a man who raised himself both by good conduct and ability in that branch of scientific pursuit, about which C.E. would:. have the .world , to believe Mr. Darhyshire knows nothing-; and that the father care fully instructed the talented hoy in that calling- in which he now shines. He will know that Mr. Darhy shire aftei-wards was for fourteen years on the trio-inp- metrical survey of Ireland, 'and acquitted himself "with sufficient honour when there employed to get him into substantial position on our English railways, where he served with satisfaction. C.E. will also know that when lie caine to the country, Mr. Darhyshire landed friendless ; . hut, self-reliant in consequence of the confidence he had - that lie knew his business, at once applied for employment on the. .Survey Staff and entered the department in a very inferior g-racle from which position, by his indomitable energy and acknowledged ability, he step by step rose, until he first became the chief of a district, uritil selected for7 his present position as the .best man that could be put there. Nor has this expectation been dis appointed ; beset with jealous enemies on all sides ;Mr. Darhyshire. steadily did his work, and one by one converted; those very enemies into candid en dorsers of his great public value : and' surely it is not now that a man who owes his bread to the indulgence of such a man, and who carinot himself, pretend to the ghost of efficiency, is to shield Himself under the garb of secrecy, and get a hireling scribe to write a pack of falsehoods that lie. was quite able enough to invent 'and supply, but that he could not put into the 'language in which they issued from, the- -press, for the s.imple reason of his never in his life having been able' to put an English sentence tog-ether. Nor are. the strictures of C.E. on ;Mr; . Adams or the rest of the staff, either serving in the field of in the office, a hit more happy than . those on Mr. Darhy shire. As regards Mr. Aclams the vindictiveriess dis played is so palpable to. those who haye an opportunity .to judge that, were it not that there are others outside the Railway department who may not be aware of the value of this hard-worked officer, we should not have taken the trouble to reply ; but as there are, we will not allow the calumny that has .been published in the Age to go forth as gospel, while we are in a position to contradict it. It has been attempted to make the public believe that Mr. Adams is an inexperienced tyro, who hps gone into the Railway department to learn his business, and that, diffident of his. ability, he goes about gleaning information from all quarters lie can -get' it; of course we presume that. C.E. assumes that he gets somie brilliant ideas from himself, whom he takes care to tell us is a reg-ularly -bred engineer, and quite competent to judge of the work of many of the men he never saw. We quite admit his ability to do this as well as if he did see it, for we have rea son tO knOW that if TlP. did KPP it. ho nrrmlrl — stand it ; hut not being; able to do it himself, bavin"- in fact hut lately been convicted of not being able to understand how to calculate such a simphTtliing as the constant rise per chain in a line, we cannot for the life of us see how he can be a judge of the capacity of Mr. Adams to supervise those works he has so fully shown lie'kriows in all the details. If C.E. be not an engineer in the Railway Staff he cannot be aware if the assertions he puts forth are true or false, if he be one of the Staff lie , has been .guilty of a gross deception of the public, and he also well knows guilt, when he accuses Mr. Robert Adams of want of antecedent training- or capacity to conduct the details of the office. Every one who has one spark of gentlemanly feel ing jn his composition, whether a professional niari out or in the department, or contractor who comes in contact with .Mr. Adams, at once recognises his great ability, combined with a hearing- which, evinces his being brought rip in a sphere quite beyond the com prehension of one of so low an origin as C.E. Erom his craclle to date, Mr. Adams has been trained as a civil engineer, and his industry and natural ability are such, that would master his profession very qriicldy, even had lie riot been so long at the work ; hut night and day, lie has for the last five years, laboured most in dustriously at a very inadequate remuneration, and has -worked himself into the position of second on the staff, with no friend at his back but; his great talent . and fitness to occupy the position. When C. E. does the like, we will recognise his right to question the manner in which Mr. Adams discharges, his duty ; hut until he does, we khall look upon liis; nonsense as '.'vox et pratera nihil,' which, but for the great- considera- tion.of both Mr. Derbyshire and Mr. Adams for his disordered brain, would long- ago have been rewarded by dismissal: from that department in which he makes a single exception of being a useless man. In like manner we argue, that until C. E. - can show that he is able to do work better than the very able field-staff of the Railway department ; until he can prove (his boasted mathematical knowledge notwith standing-), that he can add a column of a dozen fig-ures correctly, we shall hold ourselves excused in nr-ing- that he is not a competent man to judge of the merits of the Railway Field Staff. C. E. objects to the designs of the draughtsmen, and urges that they are copied from the authorities in eno-i- neering. ' Granted that they' are, will 0. E. pretend' that it is not judicious to consult matured experience in de- g'pipg' works, and that if lie we're competent to take cliarge.. of a bridge or viaduct; that -he would not at once seek the antecedent nxperience to assist him? Possibly he might not. We even believe that the egotism of the man would make him vain enough to think he could design something- in advance of the age; hut knowing- him as we do, we quite understand- that lie would make as great a mess of it, as he did when he tried his hand at addition, or working out con stants, and found he had more than he could blaster. ' \- There yet remains one objection to the Railway Staff that requires notice, and which unexplained might cause enquiry into the necessity of its beino- so large. C. E. informed the public that there were 4R persons doing- the engineering work of the Railway, department of design, &c.;. and. says that with a dozen men all the work of two such lines as have been under taken could be. carried through. Now, C.E. knew very- well when he penned this, that he was disseminating. a gross falsehood. ' It Is' :quite true there are 43 persons employed at Batman's Hill, but they are distributed in the following- man ner,— Clerks, 9; lithographers. 2; plan-mounter, 1 ; boys, 4 ; artistic draftsmen,: 2 ; and if the gentlemen- of the Railway staff were questioned, we think they .would add, C. E., 1, who do none of the engineering work. Deduct then 19, and 24 gentlemen are the staff that are really employed about the engineering work— not, however, of the two lines only, hut in doing nearly all the engineering required for, the colony of Vic toria, for there is no engineering question which is not forwarded to that department. Nor are their drities strictly confined to professional points. This engi neering staff- has had to do all, or nearly all, the workf .that ordinarily is done at a solicitor's office. All the land notices, the correction of traffic tables, and many - other details that ought not to be sent to them, arid' which certainly would not.be sent to them anywhere else, has passed through their hands. But - even in strictly engineering matters, the Rail way staff must always be proportionately greater than lithe works were in the hands of a private company, for a thousand and one parliamentary, returns , are. moved, for and have to he furnished, - and impossible as well' as possible lines have more than once occupied the staff for weeks past, to suit the whim of soirie waning representative, who cares not to how much expense the country is put, provided his political status with liis constituents is bolstered up by a show of attending to their interests. These and kindred hindrances take off fully one-fourth the really work ing- staff, and we are quite satisfied that were en quiries instituted it would he found that, with the ex ception, of C. E., there is not a man in the railway department who does not earn every penny of the public money that lie draws. 