LOCA L_N EWS. FAIU wEt.r. DINKER TO MR. JU&TICR; TUEIUIY. \- After i« bi'j 'itrti in ibis colony of nearly thirty years, during vhich thia omiucnt gentleman has endeared iu'ni solf to all clashes of colonists. Me Justice Thcrry sailed willi his family for lïunipo on Thursday, in tho splendid liner the Duncan Dunbar. On Tuesday evening, Mr Ihcrry was entertained at it Farewell Banquet lu pim k's Assembly Ro ins. which wits attended by all tho judicial «ml civil functional íes, momhors of the legislative Houses, and .-i largo assembly of private friends. The presiden- tial chair was occupied by tho hon E. Deas Thomson, Kurt , C.B , tho guest of th« evening being sealed nit his right hand; the vine-presidonts wore Sir Daniel Cooper, Speaker, Sir Charles Nicholson, the hon. J.H. Plunkett. Esq , Q C.. and T. A. Murray, Esq. Tho gallery .waa graced with n brilliant array of ladies, which added consi- derably tn the interest of tho occusii a. It need scatcoly be said tb.it tho festivo board, under thc tasteful catering of Mr Denman, gro.tned under every delicacy of the sea- son. The usual loyal tonna were followed by that of .. Our much esteemed and vuluud friend Mr Justice T'herry", which was r< ieived with tumultuous cheering, Mr Tlicrry responded in an eloquent and feeling speech, ut tho close of which tho company rose en misse, enthusi- astically waving their UiUuUoi chiefs. Thu festivities ended »horcly before midnight. Thc absence of his lix collency was occasioned by tho recent lois of his brother. Tho Maitland deputation waited upon Mr Therry on Wednesday morning at Petty's Hotel, and presented H farewell address from the inhabitants of that flourishing town. bow! Wow!! Wow ! ! !-Tljc-ru's an ancient ssyittg extant, that " livery dog has hi» tiny". It'« of Slnikesporian origin. Bot in thia city and suburbs, every dot; baa his day Bnd night, also, if wc may arrive at tho cmclnrimi from witnessing thc immense numbers of ugly dangerous ours « hich prowl about, and lie in wait, ia every Ihoi oitghfaru and purlieu, assailing men, women, and children, and horsemen in particular. So many acci- dents naru occurred through these yolping mongrels birk. ¡iii* ac the heels of htirsct, and horses attached to vehicles, that a stranger would naturally infer that the life ; f a man is o-timated ut a min«>r value ih.in that of a dog in \cir South Wales. The police aro completely powerless, under existing regulations, to put down this disgusting and dan- gerous nuisanco. They may hy dint of great exertion trace out the owners of n dozen < r two of duri, and bring them before tho magistrates if tho brines ate unregistered j but in thu great majority of c:ise<, ibo puttie* lined are the owners of really nso'ul. well-bred dugs, who have failed to register them through negligence. Let ti policeman inquire for thc owner of ono of tho curs that run aller horses'heels, and beset women nod children, or parties returning to tho suburbs from their occupations at lute hours, and nobody owns it. Lei, however, a passer by, barked nt, perhaps I itten, by one .1 these curs, strike tho animal and out rushes some bully or beldame willi a vol- ley of imprecations, and probably blows, for. daring to kick " TOWT", An inspector is as much wanted tu look ofter tho thousand:) bf dogs let lo se by day and nieiit upon thc streets', as uro inspectors tn worry c.ibmon, omni, bas drivers, ct hoc genus mime. Truly some stringent mea- sures ought to bu adopted to abato this abominable mid continually increasing nuisance, which renders it a peil), rus undertaking for peaceful citizens to pass, especially by night, from ono quarter of tho city to another. MAIL ACCIDENT.-An accident occurred on Sunday hat to tho rant on its route from sydney to Bathurst, which was well nigh intended hy the roost seri- ous cnnsrqiicnces. lt appears tbr.t when descending Mount Victoria tho driver omitted to drag the wheel, unit thc vehicle was thus curried nt an alarming speed down tho declivity, which is well known to most of our reiders who have travelled between this place and the metropolis, and Its weight thus bearing upon tho horses, they became unmanageable, tho vehicle was carried with considerable force against the parapet of the bridge, mid the polo was broken in two places. Mr Tait, ihe well known proprie- tor of racing stock, happened to bo on thc box, and was silting on thu side nearest to the parapet, upon which tie was thrown with violence. By dint of great presence of mind ho contrived to clamber down the side, thus escaping the certain destruction which awaited bim mi tho opposite side, where, ns roost of our readers are aware, a precipice descends of fearful depth. Ile was eventually cxtriceted fruin an almost equally perilous position beneath ibo horses* feet, and, marvellous to relato, sustained little or no injury beyond some bruises on the head and elsewhere. We congratulate Mr Tait on the charmed life he seems to bear, this not being the only imminent peril to which he haj been exp;sed dining the lust few months, omi wo trust that this accident will induce moro caution ou the patt of the mail drivers for tho future; human lifo is far too pre- cious to bo endangered by tho mere want ot tho most simple orccmitions.- Hulhurst Free Press. Mutch a. il EH. MAJESTY'S NEW TITLE_By the reccnl Indian proclamation, considerable enlargement and nJdi tioo bavo been given to tho style and tillo of tho Sover, eign of iheso realms. Her Majesty, until now, wna called "of tho Umicd Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen ;" but that designation was, in truth and in fact, imperfect, ss no mention was made of her sway over tito colonies and dependencies of tho Crown. To re- medy this defect, tho Indian proclamation alters and es* talilishos for tho future the regal style and title tims: " Victoria, by tho Graco of God, of tho United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Colonies and Dependencies thereof in Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australasia, Queen, Defender of the Faith." JOE RAFIIAKL AT IIOMB.-rt nffords us great pleasure in announcing that Mr J. G. Raphael, nftor the turmoil of mercantile and political strife in which he has been in- volved, has nt length reached that ultima thule of thc am- bition of thc Sydney penplo-tho settiDg up in the public linc, id est. becoming landlord of a public-house, he, Mr J, fl. Raphael, having obtained atiansferof license for tea Sydney and Melbourne Hotel, Kent and Margaret streets, from Mr John Turner. Wo believe that Mr Raphael is eminently calculated to enjoy tho otiwwt cum dig. in hil now avocation, and if he should occasionally labor undera return of his old complaint-the cucotthes loquandi, and feel thc spirit move him to hold forth, wo believe that the amphibious description of persons who Inhabit that local- ity, from tho Company's Wharf upwards, will prove avery willing nnd applauding audience, providing Joe Mandi tho "rounds". TUB LiTEiiATUttE OP THE PRESS.-Our re- cently-fledged contemporary The Evening Mail, has of lalo adorned its columns with numerous original elegancies in tho English language, which cannot fail to excite tho won- derment of its readers. In its report of tho dinner to Mr Michael Chapman, published in Thursday's issue, it snjä that tho gue.-t of tho evening " expressed gratitude for thc kindly {\ie\\\D^JMclted in his behalf. In its repoitof the farewell bomifiit to Mr Justice Therry, in tho taros number, it informs us that "all tho world and his wife were there". Wc should have imagined that Mr Fusrcll would for tho future light shy of everything approximat- ing to libel, but ttuly tho ghosts of Johnsen ami Chester- field hnvo good grounds for action against the erudito anti polished scribe who rejoices in the paternity of tho abotc. THE TERIIOHS OE CONSCIENCE-TUR FIIUIIS ov FAITH -During the thunder-storm on Wednesday afternoon, a venerable darno, of Hibernian extraction, rushed into Butler's drapery shop, in William-street, im- ploring the lady in waiting " for tho lovo o' tho Varglo to givti her a dhrop o' holy wnthor." That excellent lady, herself a mombor of the one only truo chuich, not caring tn lie under tho supposition that she was unpro- vided willi that blessed specific for penitent sinners, for- tunately bethought herself of an erapiy porter bottle, the contents of which had been previously discussed »\ luncheon- Hastoninc; with this to tho water-butt, tho fillod it wich tho unbiassed liquid, and returning, pre- sentad lt tn her eager visitor. Head and bosom were instantly plentifully besprinkled, and Ibo old lady took ber depnrturo, mumbling blessings on the good angol of thu drapery establishment. Ma STAHLBY. . We aro indebted to tho kindness of Captain Battye for soma additional information respect- ing the mysterious fate of Mr Stanley. Tho gallant Cap- tain is still nut, accompanied by Messrs Byron and Rig- ney, following up tho intricate chain of circumstances, which, in tho brief message lie bas sent to town, he ex- presses himself satisfiod, will shortly load to a complete .unmasking of this hitherto dark and inexplicable affair. The plot laid for Mr Stanley, and which it is believed led to his untimely end at tho hands of an assassin; is de- scribed hy Captain Battye as ono of tho most dastardly nature, and as requiring the co-operation and assistance of nil tho respectable Bottlers of tho neighbourhood to bring it to light, Ha also states that when thoroughly cleared np, it will involvo a number of individuals within ill meshes.-.Barhurtt Times ; ' THE MURDER AT BOGOLONG.-No trace ol Nicholas Emamiol, who perpetrated tho murder nt Bogo- long, on Sunday week, hns'yet been obtained. A rumour provailed that his body had been found, in the bush-be having committed suicide by cutting his throat ; but from inquiries wo have made, the rumour'oppeats to have no foundation in fact. ' It is surprising that Emanuel should succeed in eluding capture, seeing that tho mountoa pillee wore almost immediately informed of the murder. Yan Courier. ' . ,. ' PAYIKO FOR HIS WHISTLE.-Mr. Cavenagh, Into landlord of the Travellers'. Rest, corner of ; Market and Castlereagh Streets, was awarded £¿00 damages In tho Suprorao Court on Thursday, against the well-known Paddy Irwin, for having used grossly slanderous lacgosg) towards the plaintiff's wife, " . 