The honour of affixing M.P. to one's name, m.qst to some men be all object of great ambition. The value of this distinction is evidenced by the des perate struggles we see made tb obtain a Beat in parliament. Mr. Windeyer, for instance! must have expended a good deal of money, dissipated much energy, wheedled many men, flattered many women, kissed many children, and propi tiated many of tho unwashed, before lie acquired ?the right of affixing after his signature, the magical 'letters. We have it indeed on excellent authority, that ho did not disdain to compromise his inde pendence by leaguing himself with a party with whom ho could not possibly have any sympathy. It is further alleged, that in order to securo his seat ho pledged himself to oppose Mr Cowprr. Wa were unwilling to believe it j but one of the gang of traitors that betrayed Captain Williamson olurtod out to us his infamy, no doubt inadver tently. Tlien there was that political firebrand, Mr. Deniehy, a man of some talent, who stooped so low as to accept tho assistance of a parcel of bigoted fellows calling themselves Celts, merely that ho might bo an M.P. William Allen, the Protectionist soap-boiler, too, neglected his bust* \- nes9, and ranged about tho country promising the farmers all sorts of advantages if they would only give him their votes, and make him a member- of Parliament. The most persistent man, however, amongst thosa ardent seekers for Parliamentary honours is Charles Kemp of Sydney, the rejected ?of many constituencies. We admire Mr. Kemp, believing him to be an honest Christian gentleman, who has nobly fought his way upwards to inde pendence. But although ho has secured the confidence of the commercial class in Sydney, and of Church of England men in general, he is not a favourite with the mass of tho citizens. They -distrust him because he is only a recent convert to liberalism. They remember but too well that in tho days when he was a journalist, he ever ranged himself with the Government against the people, an I endeavoured to retard the progress of 4bk colony towards responsible Government. When,' therefore, he sought their support, they Re fused to accord it. Tho electors cannot be blamed for this. They are the sole judges of a man's political fitness, and in rejecting Mr. Kemp they doubtless remembered that he, coming in at the eleventh hour was no! so worthy as the man who Had borne the heat and burden of the day. Air. Kemp, not satisfied with defeat in the East, tried the West, but again iJl fortune followed him. ?He was afterwards proposed for some country constituencies;, but His timid policy, when standing for East Sydrey,. did not recommend him to the rural electors. -We do'nbt doubt that Mr. Kemp would have been returned for East Sydney, if he had maintained a bold front' throughout the con test. But having offended 3 few supporters by his hones! y of expression on the subject of the City Sewerage, he retired from the field altogether. That was n fatal step, since it indicated want of pluck, and the electors might woll question the fitness of a man to fight their battles in tho Legis lature, who was so easily cowed by slight oppo sition. Mr Kemp then re-entered the field, but that was a false step too. since it made nntont. his inconsistency, want of firmness, and pliability ' . .' 'eeble opposition drove him from . - coaxing drovo him back again, v. ..}» if '... was decidedly unfit to represent t.iie Mclrojir.li;. \Vi- r ? in all these proceedings a lack of s«il! r nd a deficiency in stamina. Mr. Kemp if . 3 v .? will, but wants tho ability to per form. iU- ?) -.tires preferment, but his ambition is by saucy doubts and fears. His iu not r. nvr.-a calculated to grapple with difficul ' - s ami -v' .' .lould judge 'from his latest exploit — piiifjons'V;' 'gainst Mr. Parkes's return — that Jio I1* vficn- : tie than valiant, and would rather ? : lo ;i!.! 'I'scess, than fight for it. It is true enough, as Mr, Kemp alleges, that Mr. Farkes, at the time of his return to Parliament, was an un certificated insolvent, but the electors knew that well enough, and no ghost was needed to reveal tlie fact. . ? We 'have studied with somo caro the Constitu tion Act of 1853, and tho Reform Bill of 1858, but wo find nothing there to preclude the citizens from electing an uncertificated insolvent. Iiero is. the only clause that bears upon tho subject : — 17 Vict., No. 41 (11353).— If nny Utmbtr e/tht Autmbly eball for one whole ' sesuon of the Legislature, without till psftplwion of tbo Alterably entered upon its journals, fall to give bis attendance In the said House, or shall lo]u) any oatb, or make any declaration or acknowledg y;r.v;-. a ??-?:-?: . ? ? ?: ?. ?, ? vr.-.n!-.;- b- V;; f..-V*;'v'.. '. ' /' iirkt ?!!',' 'J- ,m l-J* .li'-r.; ri'jjir: tbe* Til -H-i! -JT of jaw, ii. y ih? oi'ci-. ol.'Jn.' lu !i,v,'xrd),tH n t liiro!vjt:i 'ivbrcs, ir ;i!,i r. ??-iv .- » ;- 1 1-- 1 -o iji.'fiv.-,!',!.-?, or Ic altai.-iteii 01 r.r: n-::. r at* 1 -tr, 1 n- ey ut- w-rii.tj'. iV.V ttst '. *.:* '! V U r.i; ..i' V - it no-. ;i n-i.«| ncrr j,boiii tlm ejection of -n vii.lviint. '! h ? 1 :oicr»mca only to '.acts f buna jui.t i.-!r.iu'ii , ; riccc-j wr. conclude that fr. 'Jharl-.'s K«:np will- .'r.r.ybir pain-«. - and that r.'oinir.iS'Ci; of Ete«tiCn- Q':ali9cAt-»nswill ?.port Mr. Psrkfl/'. os-at ;;i v.ili.1. There was at 'ma tiwsc ?_ rnmour in Sydney, '-. Kemp had been pgi'i eVi or by. -on;.- irJl.i n fj ent(;jp»ir;;?. ' ft ?h ia office drcjuc.5 }.h ? of :«» Ute /iatewbiy. suggested tlie' . . not listener. i.ltit llii'i lw»ft Iff bp i.'Ase, ami rss t,nly the iR p^itieniay.i Mr. Kernp ijriginatcd thp petition, as he has tol - us himself, : 'knd is billing' to Dear the undividei, resnonsibility of his act. . . We are decidedly , opposed to the efection o insolvents to serve ir( Parliament. But there are some insolvdncics -vliich spring from causes quitr beyond a:. man's controul. For instance, ai; honourable merchant might be made a bankrtip, by losing his ships at'sea, or by fire, or the net o tlie- Queen's enemioo. Mr. Parkes ia certainh open to the charge of irrypTudence in carrying 01 business when hi# affairs were inex'.ricnbl* involved. He is also to be blamed for involv ing others in the ruin of his fortunes. We are not insensible to the value of the late Empin aa an organ of public opinion, neither do we for got to what a desp rate pass somo of his po ?- ' creditors were brought. When, therefore, sym- ! pjthy is expressed for Mr. Parkes, 'tis not well ti overlook the' labours of thoso who assisted to buil- up his reputation, but who to this day go unre compel sed. Wo are of opinion it would hav- been much bolter for all parlies if Mr. Parkes ha filed his schedule in Maroh, 1857. And wo an also of opinion ho had no right to entor the Legis lature at all, whi'at ho was over head and er.ra in Jul it. His business demanded Ids best energies, and we have yet to learn that a man must saeri fico himself for tho public good, v\ hen no demand is madi^for sncli an immi lation. Wo nro intimately ncquaintod with all tho cir cumstances of Mr Parkes's failure, but we know of nothuig' that should dibnr him from serving in Parliament if tho peoplo please to elect him. We would: not voto for bim ; but would, if thft choice Viy between him nnd Mr Kemp, becnuso we bavo 110 faith in conversions lato in lifo. Thero is one featuro in Mr Parkes' caretr worthy of noiire. Ho has managed to preserve tho respect oven ol thoso who have suffered tho moat by connection with him. This is a proof that I10 poss'saes raro personal qualities, and is capablo of attaching to his fortunes men of all elns«9. His election, by so lnrgo a number of his fellow-citizens, ia the best proof of his standing in the public estimation, and wo are surprised that Mr Kemp should dispute tho voice of tlie people. lie advanced his own claims and tliey wero ignored. We think he ought to respect the decision of tho citizens of -ydney, who cannot havo been ignorant that Mr Parkes, at the time of his candidature, had no standing in tho commercial world. Mr Kemp may have been actuated by tho purest motives in presenting his petition, but I10 ought to havo taken legal adrico befiiro ho committed himself. 