STATE AID TO RELIGION. ABOLITION MEETING AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. A public meeting was held, pursuant to advertise ment, last evening, in tbe largo ball of the Mechanics' Institute, of those favorable to the entire abolition of all State-aid to religion. Shortly after the commence ment of the meeting, the hall was crowded by a highly respectablo audience, who evidently took a acop interest in the proceedings. Mr M'Culi.och being called to tho cbair, briefly explained the objects of the meoting. He said it had been convened by the association for the aboli tion of all State-aid to religion, for tho purpose of taking measures, by means of petitions to the Legis ....un,, amu uji a uuieiui m-iectioa 01 uieir repre sentatives for the next parliament, for the carrying out of the principles of the association, and to obtain the repeal of the 53rd clause of the Constitution Act. In September, 1857, a bill was passed by the Legis lative Assembly, ' That the system should bo entirely abolished in 1860.' This bill, however, was rejected by the Council, although only by a majority of one. The principlo they advocated seemed to be almost unanimously acknowledged, aud they had only to be earnest in their efforts, aud they could not fail of success. l'heKev. Mr Fletcher then rose to propose the first resolution, but was interrupted by a person who mounted tbe platform, and propounded tbo following question — \\\ hat is true religion ? The Chairman said tho very fact of such a question being proposed at that meeting proved that the per son was very unfit to address the meeting- (Cheers.) Mr ? : I am fit to address the meeting ; I am fit to address any meeting. (Cries of ' Turn him out.' ' You are not.' ) The Cuaibman : I must beg tho gentleman to de sist. Mr--——: I will not. I claim my right of address ing this meeting. It's a public meeting. (' Lie down,' ' Turn him out.'') Mr ? : I will be heard. I'll make it ring in your ears. (After creating much noise and confusion, and interrupting the meeting for somo tiifie, the man sat down.) The Rev. Mr Fletcher then again came forward and proposed the followiog resolution : — ' That in the opinion of this meeting the system of State-aid to rsligion pursued in this colony is wrong in principle and unjust in its operation ; that it tends to degrade the position and damage the character of the Christian mmiatrv. to interfere with f.hfi iihara.1ifv anH vo&1 nf tha Christian people, to foster sectarian animosities in the community, and generally to defeat tha very object which it professes to promote.' He said that he supposed they all admitted that ministers of religion had rights aud duties as public citizens. He was aware that thera was a feel ing prevalent that it was unseemly for ministers to mix themselves up with political movements. Still, there were occasions on which he thought it was the duty of clergymen to come forward and take a pro minent part in passing events. Tho present he be lieved to bo one of those occasions. He did not think religion ought ever to be mixed up with politics. It snoma o« separated and brought out from the poli tical aren v ; and that was the reason that brought bim before them on that occasion, for bo did not be lieve this separation would ever bo effected until all State aid to religion was wholly abolished. A bill had passed through the Assembly for this purpose, but had Deea rijected by the Council, and just as the cup was raised to their lips, their proBpects had been rnatred, and they were doomed to disappointment. All parties seemed to unite in the point, and he con sidered that, as a new Parliament was to be called together, it was extremely desirable that they should once more take action on tha Bubject. The rev. gentleman here explained at some length what he conceived to be the nature of true religion. He con tended that Governments had nothing whatever to do with religion, which was a mere voluntary sys tem, and should not be forced on men. He did not like Statis-aid, because it contained in its very nature the principles of compulsion and force. There might be difficulties in the way of the abolition of this ejste-.n in the ,old country, when there were complicated interests and time honored endowments to be considered. Here, however, there was nothing of tho sort in the way ; and the sooner it waa abolished tho better. The majority of the membetB recently returned to the Legislature of New South Wales were in favor of tho voluntary system ; and he hoped that when their own Assembly met, it would be a race between the two bodies which should first establish the voluntary system in Victoria. At the , nest election the candidates would be looking to see wuiun way ine winu Diew, ana it tney (tne electors) would take care and blow a good strong gust in the right direction, they would find the candidates shape their courses accordingly; and they would se cure in the new parliament a large majority of mem bers in favor of the total abolition of all State aid to religion. (Cheers.) Mr Lancton (of Colliagwood) seconded the resolu tion. He said: Thero was once a manufacturer who resided in the West of England, a very good man, wno was so aeepiy 7.mpressea witn tae necessity of getting all his men t;o attend public worship, that he thought it was no matter what he did to get them there. Accordingly he told them that if they would only attend the parish church regularly, every Sunday, morning and evening, he would pay them their day's wages just the same as if they had been working for him. This proposal suited the opinions of tho workmen, and they held a meeting, and after some discussion decided to accept the offer, aad deputed one of (.heir number to see their employer, and to tell him that tbe; would attend the church on the terms proposed ; and that if he would only pay them overtime, they'd go to the Methodist chapel on week day evenings as well. (Great laughter.) Thia anecdote served to illustrate the views that were held by some people, who seemed to think that they only had to build a chapel, and set up a man to preach, and there would be quite as much religion aB was required. So the Government here seemed to have thought that as there was a State religion in the old country, they must bave a State religion here also. But, inasmuch as it would bave been an hazardous undertaking to set up one dominant religion here, they, in the Con stitution Act, set aps.rt £50,000 for the support of the Christian Religion La Victoria ; that same religion, as understood by the Act, including opinions the most diversified and opposed to each other. Still, all sects wero not included, and thus a great in justice was done to some parties in the community, who wero compelled to contribute to a fund from which they derived no benefit. The parties who framed this clause seemed to have acted on the prin ciple that ' He may got who has tho power, And he may keep who can.' Ho did not say that those who had acted in this man ner were any worse lihan others ; they only followed an example which had constantly been set them, and which would be followed by others whenever tbey had the power ; but if they wished pure and healthy leglslatiou, they must never permit religious zeal and animosity to interfere in any manner with the councils of thei State. (Cheers.) It had been proposed to mitigate this evil by admitting the Jew3 to participate in this appropriation of the public money ior so-caueu religious purposes, out tnere were still other sects. Thero were Mormons, Pagans, and Buddhists in the colony, and in order to deal impartially, t'aey would bave to support the principles of Joe Smith, and to build a Joss House. (Cheers and laughter.) He contended that society could never be benefited by a aystem which paid ono man for teaching ilmt Jesus of Nazareth was the Saviour of mankind, and another for asserting that ho was an impostor. He Baid that State-aid made the parties to whom it was granted careless as to tho support of their church bv voluntary contribution, ond brought forward as an instance the baneful effect produced by the regium, donifa, — an allowance made to Presbyterian Church in the North of Ireland. There some congregations, numbering 1100 persons, did not contribute more than sixpence a member per annum for the support of their religion. The speaker then continued elo quently to show that all the great movements of the Christian religion, from the earliest date to the pre sent time, had been effected by voluntary contribu tion. He instanced the first preaching of tho gospel to the Gentiles, which was by a tentmaker ; the preservation of the go?pel by the peasants of Pied mont and the Waldensea; and in later days the refor mation and revival effected by Whitfield and Wesley, and tbe poor despised BIcthodist preachers ; and also that during the last eighty years, out of twenty four millions of money raised for religious purposes in Great Uritaiu, twenty-two millions and a ha'f had been raised by means of voluntary cjntri'julions. Tbe speaker was repeatedly cheered during his ad dress, and at the conclusion the resolutim was unanimously carried. Bev. Mr Bausay said he commenced and carried out this work under a sense of duty. Ho was de termined to do his pare quietly but vigorously. He was for the entire abolition of Stat? aid to religion j and he would adopt every legitimate means nectsrarv to carry out his object. Notwithstanding the last failure of the question in the Legislature, several members of tho Assembly had expressed their re gret thf.t tbey did not go in for the abolition. They would shortly havo another opportunity— a grand ona too ; tha euBuing elections would afford them this. Those who go with tbe movement must put tho pro per questions to the candidates for legislative honors, and only vote for those who give satisfactory replies. The resolution with which ho had been entrusted wai a statistical one. He knew it tried the patience of an audience to listen lo statistics ; still he would not shrink from his duty. In South Australia religious institutions had progressed, and religion itself assumed a far healthier tone, Bince the grants iu its aid had been done away with. On this point he — crjuuuue oi weigoc, ana to oo so 110 would read them a letter from the Rev. T. Q. Stow. (The Eev. gentleman hero quoted a letter containing statistics in support of his position.) And now bo would ask if this waa not proof sufficient that State-aid hindered, rather than assisted, religion. This wa.i a subject in which he had taken tho liveliest interest. The ground on waich his church was built —tho edifice erccted, aad ho himself supported en j tirely by tbe free-will offerings of tho people, no went heart and soul into the business of the meeting. It was satisfactory to see such a large number pro seat : it avgured well for the cause in which be and his colleaguci had embarked. Others were to follow, so ho would not take up their time further, but lead the resolution and retire ' That the beneficial re suits which have followed the cessation of Govern ment aid to religion in South Australia and elsewhere, and the late favorable decision of our own Legisla tive Assembly on the subject, call and encourage tho friends of religions truth and liberty to another and vigorous effort for tho utter and speedy extinction of the systera in this colony.' F. Halleb, Esq., seconded tho resolution. Ho would not force religion on tho people. In Virginia many yeara ago, if a man absented himself from church he was fined fifty pounds of tobacco, so with out tobacco there was no religion. Ten years after the declaration of the independence of the United State all ehurch establishments were done away. Slavery came into fashion under the established form of religion, but as soon as a State Church ceased to exist, a cry was immediately raised against slavery. Religion has gono down on account of State-aid. Throughout the Continent of Europe people begin to find out this is the case, and appeals are being con stantly made for its being abolished. He was con* vinced that the ground- work of all religion was ' ta do unto your fellow-man as you would wish him to do to you.' The Government ought to be taught the meaning of true religion. It is a strange fact that while our legislators wish to lead us to heaven, they are actually extracting money oat of our pockets to support religious bodies witk whom we have nothing in common. Religion was never intended to be a cloak for robbery, and it is neither more nor less than robbery to make us pay lowaras tno sustenance ot religions which we telieva to bo untrue. In spite of all opposition I be voluntary system has made its way, and now ranks equal to tho Established Church. Every religion should be tole rated ; the Jew, the Turk, the Chinaman should bo allowed to pray in tbe mode he tbinks best — but they should support their own churches and pastors. Is it justice to give £10,000 to one man and hardly bi«ad to another ? The bishop lives in opulencc while the poor curate works aud starves, If religion can't livo without State- aid, then he for one would let it dio out. Mr Servioe de3ired to add ' the denominational schools' to the resolution, but was informed by tbe olmirman that such a course could not be adopted. The motiou was then put and carried unanimously, Hbnrv Lasqlands, Esq , rose to move the third resolution, which ran as followa : — ' This meeting, deeply convinced of the necefsity of Buch a measure to the moral and religious wellbeing of the community, would respectfully recommend to the various consti tuencies at the approaching elections to return no candidate to the legislature who does not declare for the immediate and total abolition of State aid to reli gion.' He thought State aid did great harm to reli* gion- The £50,000 granted for that purpose was an apple of discord in the community, and if for no other, he thought that was a good reason why tbe goverment support should cease. Mr Michie, who has been appointed to carry out the duty he was now performing, through some unforeseen aud unaccountable circumstance waa absent. He was sorry for this, inasmueh as the hon. gentleman was more an fait at such matters. Be I lieving that religion would be advanced and the good done by ministers increased if pecuniary support were obtained solely from their flocks, he wouM bring all bis energies to bear in pushing on the great question in which they were engaged. Iu Ireland, the established religion is a mere ghost. Ia Scot land it is nearly the same. Where does all the money go to which is drawn out of the pockets of the people ? Not to support tho working clergyman, but to sustain a spiritual aristocracy. 'i'o show how they respected religion in England — the religion of tha i Established Church — he would just relate an anecdote. A geutlemaa, who wa3 employed to take the census, met a little boy and spoke to him thus : — ' Boy, were you born in wedlock! ' To which the youngster replied, ' No, sir, I was born in Tiverton.' 'Do you go to church ?' continued the interrogator — ' Ever pray 1' ' No, sir.' '' Then put him down Church of England,' said he to his assistant. xne resolution wa» seconded by Mr J. a. Johnsok in a brief speech. The Hon. Joan Hood supported the resolution, and said that he had thought that the people of Melbourne did not want to sit there for three hours to hear speeches against Stato aid. He thought tha meeting had been called to aot, and not to speak: (Hear, bear.) In 1851 the laBt speaker had, in that very room, declared himself in favor of the abolition of State aid ; but he would remind the meeting that during tbe last Parliament a bill had been carried— triumphantly carried — in the Assembly, abolishing Stats aid in 1861. But it was thrown out in the Council. And he wonld remind the meeting that the country was now ruled by sixteen men in tho Council. (Hear, hear.) And in that Council there would not be a vacancy until 1860. There might perhaps be one or two vacancies by accident Or death, but no real change would take place until 1860. And again since the last session of Parliament, voluntaryism in the Council had lost one supporter and State-aid had gained one. The hon. Mr Guth« ridge had resigned his seat, and his successor is in favor of State aid. This being the case, he would re commend that the Meeting take action in the matter, and that its efforts be not directed so muoh to affect the Assembly, of which they are almost sure, as to influence the Council. (Hear, hear.) Ho fully agreed with the resolution, but if anything he thought it went a littlo too far. (No, no, and some noise.) Yes, he would say it went a littlo too far in its latter clause. For while he fully approved of tha general tenor of the resolution, he did not think that tho meeting should be called upon to support only such mAn na n)*»r1crpr) fchffmsAltrflH fcrt tliA ivhMifcinn r»f aid. Thero were other and great questions to bo agitated at tbe ensuing elections. There was, for instance, the land question. (Confusion.) They would not surely pledge themselves to support a man who camo up and declared himself in favor of the abolition of State-aid, but was altogether wrong in every other question. (Hear, hear.) Ha would nevertheless support the resolution. Two or three other persons spoke in favor of tho resolution, but said nothing worthy of being reported: The resolution was then put and carried. Mr Fauutax moved the adoption of the following petition, and that it be signed by the chairman on behalf of the meeting, and presented to both branches of the Legislature : — To the Hon. the Legislative Assembly of the Colony of Victoria in Parliament assembled The petition of the inhabitants of tbe city of Melbourne and its vicinity in public meeting assembled, Humbly Bhoweth,— That your petitioners strongly condemn tho system of aiding religion by grants from the public funds, for tha following amonff other reasons. Some of your petitioners who do not object to such a sys tem on abstract principles, yet believo it is utterly inapplic able to a country like this, inhabited by a people of such, varied opinions nnd usages. That such variety occasions the endowment of error a» well as truth, which endowment many of us couscicntiously believe to bo unscriptural and irrational. That the continuance of such grants inflicts porpetual In justice upon those parties in the community who conscien-' liously object to take them, or who aro »xcluded from par ticipating in them, inasmuch as they are compelled to eon tribute their sharo towards supporting systems of religion of which they do not approve. Others of your petitioners consider tho support of rclifrion by state grants wrong in principle, believing it to be con trary (to tho very na'.ure of religion that it should be cus tomed in whole or in part by compulsory taxation. They believe that to impose upon statesmen the respon sibility of interfering' in matters of religion and providing for in hupport, is requiring of them duties for which they nr» not specially fclecied, and for which tlieycunnot generally be cxpecti'd to be suitably qualified. Tho habit n f le.minR upon state aid for maintaining tbe ordinances of religion tands, in tho opinion of your petitioners, to paralyse the liberality of tho Christian people who is left wholly to their own resources would be more liSelj- to exert themselves to provide the nesesory funds. Your petitioners further believo the cffcct of tho system upon tho recipients themselves to be unfavorable to their efficiency, inasmuch ns it tends to wenken tho tie between the pastor nnd Ii is flock, to retain in their position men who may happen to be unsuitable, and to lower tho sacred func tions of the ministry itself by making its holders State sti pendiaries. Your petitioners regard tho amount of religious provi sions in other colonics where State-aid has been abolished as proving sufficiently that the intercsK) of religion do not suffer b.v bping left entirely to tho free action of the Christian community. Your petitioners regard the speedy settlement of this question desirable for the palte of the peace and harmony of the -community, inasmuch as those who object to the exist ing system on conscientious grounds, are not likely to cease from agitating tho public niiiul upon tiie subject until it is cntiiely abolished. Your petitioners therefore pray that it may please your honorable ITouse to pass a law for the total and immediate abolition of the fifty-third clause of the Constitution Act, which prorides for the payment of £50,001) per annum to the religious denominations of thu colony. And your petitioners will ever pray, &a.; Mr I)JCi;soy briefly seconded the resolution. Mr Hood took exception to tha wording of one of tho clauses of tho petition, while he agreed in spirit with the whole. (Confusion.) Lift did not think that any Beet should be designated as unscriptural. After somo discussion — The Rev. Mr jAJtBETT moved an amendment — ' That after the word ' endowment,' the words 'whioh endowment many of us conscientiously beliuve to be uuscriptural Aud irrational/ bo in serted.' Mr Haller seconded the amendment, which was carried after a short an! very unimportant dissua sion. Tho resolution, as amended, was then put and carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated the proceedings, and the meeting separated. 