MISSIONS FOR THE HEATHEN. On Monday evening, a public missionary meeting was held at the Pirie-street Chapel, for the purpose of advocating the claims of the mission to the heathen of the South Sea Islands. The attendance was exceedingly numerous and respectable. The chair was taken by G. M. Waterhouse, Esq., who stated that he felt great interest in missions, regarding them as the best means of evangelising and christian- ising the world. He regarded with interest the efforts of all Missionary Societies, no matter with what denomination they were connected, and where ever missionaries prosecuted their labours with zeal, most heartily did he wish them success. But he felt peculiar interest in the Wesleyan Missionary Society, the efforts of which had been attended with singular success and he might mention that in 1854 nearly one-third of the amount which had been raised for the purpose of sending the Gospel to the heathen, had been contributed by Wesleyans. Never was there a finer field for missionary labor than at present. The field was not so limited as formerly for India and China presented boundless scope for missionary labor and the success of the efforts which had hitherto been made showed the fallacy of the doctrine which was held when missions were first established, that it was necessary to civilize before Christianizing. He concluded by calling upon christians of all denominations to put forth their best efforts, for the Roman Catholics were alive to the immense field which existed in the east, but the progress that body had made should only stimulate christians to further exertions. The Rev. J. HARCOURT read the fourth report of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Society for the year ending May, 1859, by which it appeared that the expenditure had been 13,5011. 10s. 4d., and the receipts 9.933. 4s. 3d., leaving a balance to be provided for of* 35. 6s. 2d. The missionary efforts in the Friendly Islands had been attended with considerable success. In Feejee the missionaries had been perplexed by the rapidity with which the people had announced their wish to abandon heathenism and all their former atrocities and to embrace Christianity if they could be supplied with teachers. At the first Australian Conference there were in this field eight missionaries and two English training masters for the schools. These missionaries had to superintend 2,954 members, and the congregations then numbered about 9, 180 souls. Last year in this important field there were only eight missionaries and two training masters ; but these ministers had pastoral charge of 8.138 full members of the Church, and the attendants on public worship numbered 59,469 persons, 25,991 of whom are in attendance upon day schools to receive instruction. The king of the Friendly Islands had embraced Christianity and preached the Gospel. Not one convert had been made to the Church of Rome, and there was a general desire throughout the whole of the islands to embrace Christianity. The want of a sufficient number of missionaries and training masters was severely felt Ten missionaries had been despatched to Auckland, Wellington, and New Zealand for the purpose of learning the Maori language, and then preach- ing to those parts where there was danger of the people relapsing into their former state of heathenism The operations of the mission amongst the Chinese in Victoria had been attended with considerable success, several children having renounced paganism and been baptised. The total subscriptions towards the mission in South Australia in 1858, amounted to 795. 13s. 11d. Three are in connection with the mission 453 chapels, 331 other preaching places, 54 missionaries and assistants, 248 cate chiefs in the Friendly Islands, 429 Sunday Schools, 1,093 local preachers, '626 class leaders, 17,649 full accredited members, 3,908 on trial, 6.292 Sabbath Schools, 695 day schools, 36,561 scholars, 85,785 attendants at public worship, two printing establishments. A list of the subscriptions for the present year was road, but the aggregate amount was not stated. The Rev. JOHN GARDNER moved the first resolution : " That the report which has been read be adopted, and that the success vouchsafed to this Society is an evidence of the Divine sanction given to the agency employed, and should call forth gratitude and prayer for enlarged effusion of the Holy Ghost." The reverend gentleman remarked that he had been engaged all the day on ecclesiastical business of anything but a pleasant character, and scarcely felt in a position to do justice to the resolution, but having read the report from the commencement to the close, he felt great pleasure in moving its adoption. It was gratifying to compare the present state of the islands specially alluded to in the report with the state which they presented before missionary labor was employed upon them. There could be no doubt that this remarkable Society had been most successful. In most of the Friendly Islands there were missionaries, and in most of those places success had attended their efforts in reclaiming the poor heathen. The joy of the Lord was the strength of those laborers, or they would speedily sink under the heat and burden of the day. Mm was the agent ; but that) needed in, carrying out that agency, the blessing of tires Lord, and there was abundance of evidence that the Lord was with the missionaries. There were those who looked with coldness, if not with indifference, upon the Society, and to those who on any conceivable ground objected to the mission, he would say " Come and sea The fact that the mission had been successful, indicated that it had the sanction of God. He and the Rev. Mr. Butters had recently been rebuked before a public audience for being too sanguine in reference to the triumphs and successes of the Bible Society, and were told there was still much destitution ; but admitting such to be the case, he had yet to learn it should deter them from rendering a tribute ' of gratitude for what had already been done. Notwithstand- ing a thousand such feeble "likes, he should still rejoice in triumphs of such a chaucer, whether effected by the agency of the Bible Society, or the Society in reference to which they were that night assembled. He admired the report for its candour, as it spoke not only of triumphs, but in some instances of going back, and he did not believe there was the slightest exaggeration in it. It was admitted that the success was attributable to an effu- sion of the Holy Spirit, and let them ask for a still further effusion, in order that their success might be increased, and thousands gathered to the Lord from the Islands specially alluded to in the report. Contributions were nothing unless accompanied by earnest prayer. What would cheer on the missionaries more than contributions would be the assurance that the prayers of the people of God were offered up constantly for their success. The Rev. Mr. WILSON seconded the resolution, remarking that though missionaries had only labored in the Friendly Islands for 30 years, there was now not a single heathen temple standing-not a god left, and not a priest in the islands. He related an interesting anecdote of the king of the Friendly Islands, who, after being converted to Christianity, insisted upon occupying a pulpit higher than that occupied by the missionary at the place of worship which he attended, till, imbued with a proper spirit, he threw away his pride, occupied a seat beneath that of the missionary, and became a powerful and useful local preacher. Many noble efforts on the part of the king in the cause of Christianity were also alluded to by the speaker, who had had considerable experience as a missionary in the Friendly Islands, and gave an interesting account of the customs of the people of the Islands, whose contributions to the mission are principally in cocoanut oil ; children of two years of age being taught to bring small shells full, the contents being poured into barrels provided for the occasion, and the aggregate contributions, as stated in the report, amounting to many ton?. The CHAIRMAN, in reference to the allusions made by the previous speaker to contributions by the residents of the Friendly Islands, said there was one passage of the report which he was sure the meeting would be glad to hear. It was as follows: In addition to the 1884. 13s. 8d., contributed to the general fund in oil, the support of native teachers, the erection of chapels, the purchase of two small schooners for the use of the missionaries in Feejee have been defrayed by native contributions." The Rev. Mr. EVAN, in supporting the resolution, alluded to a statement which he had read, but which he trusted was not true, to the effect that christians were not now more numerous in proportion to the population than they were at the close of the first century of the christian era. He feared however it was trials that two-thirds of the population of the world were in pagan darkness. This should stimulate chris trains to greater efforts than they had hitherto made. The i resolution was carried unanimously. The Rev. Mr. WILLIAMS moved the next resolution " That this meeting recognising the urgent and increasing demand for laborers in the various parts of the field occupied by this Society, especially in Fiji, where thousands have recently renounced heathenism, and ask for religious teachers, rejoices that the general Committee has sent forth len additional missionaries this year, four to New Zealand, two to the Friendly Islands, and four to Fiji, and has determined to commence missions to the Chinese in New South Wales and Victoria, and commend the increased claims of the Society to the liberality of the christian public. The rev. gentleman in the course of his address expressed his willingness to proceed as a missionary to China, where such an enormous field for missionary labor presented itself, that if 150 were converted daily, it would be 6,000 years before the whole population were subdued to the sceptre of Jesus Christ." The Rev. J. B. WATERHOUSE eloquently seconded the resolution, which was supported by the Rev. Mr. DRANK, and carried unanimously. The Rev Mr. FLOCKART moved the next resolution "That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the lady collectors, and to the Committee and officers of the Society, for their valuable services during the past year, and that the following gentlemen compose the Committee for the coming year Messrs. Colton, Johns, Robin, Roach, Thomas, R v Scott, W. Scott, Jolly, Codd, Gault, Longbottom, Padman, J Corbett, and Gilbert ; Treasurer, Mr. Faulding ; Secretaries, Rev. J. Harcourt, and R. E. Tapley." The Rev. Mr. BROWN seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. A collection was made, the amount realised being ill. is. 7d,. making the total receipts in Adelaide for the present year, 137?. 5s. 3d. It was announced by the Rev. Mr. BUTTERS that on the following evening a Chapel Anniversary would be held at Salisbury, a special train having been engaged to leave town at 4 o'clock. It was also stated that on the following Wednesday there would be a missionary meeeting at Unley, and on the following Thursday a missionary meeting in Archer-street, in North Adelaide. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by the Rev. Mr. BUTTERS, seconded by Mr. S. BAKEWELL, and carried unanimously. 