;V A:R;I-;E T I-E S. V. Household Words, ' Everywhere and add T>ay Long.— "Lift up— you're on my dress."— Punch. What's a Woman?— An arliolo manufactured by milliners and dressmakers— Who wants but little on hor bond. But muoh below to make her spread. A Gentlemanly Bridegroom. — The young Queen of Portugal lately asked her husband at dinner what wine he preferred. " Port-u-gal 1" waB the re ply. A Substitute.— A " retired pbysiaian , whose sands of life, eto.," fays that an opiiim|pill is one of the best things to appease hunger. We prefer oy6tors, follow ed by mutton ohops. "Did you know I was hore ?" said bellows to the Ore. " Ob, yoe, I always oontrtvo to got wind of you," was the reply. See muoh, admire little : hear muoh, believe little > know muoh, speak little; avoid muoh, fear little labor muob, use little. Young ladies should not write poetioal lettors. It is dangerous. Suoh an one was written tosi Ken tucky beau, not long einoo, wbioh so atfeoted him that bo atole a horse to ro and see the writer, and got into gaol to pay for getting in love with a poetess. Just beforo you go to bed oat two pigs' feet and a fried pie. In less tbau an hour you will see a snake, larger than a hawser, devouring light blue haired obitdren, who have just escaped from a monster with sorrel eyes aud a red hot overcoat. Strange that men should be all so constituted as to bo belter judges of what regards others than them selves. If you would know how a bull would look when bis tail i3 twistsd, just a<k a man for that " little bill ho owe3 you," when ho is talking to a pretty wo man. Some men affect the ostentation of business, seem ing always to be fully employed, though without m&« terially doing anything. Suoli are rather busy men than men of business. A oountry editor, speaking of a member of the New York Assembly says—" jhe first year he went to Albany, bo was so oonsoiontious that bo utterly re fused to receive his allotment of stealings, in the shape of books and stationery. The next year he did not hesitate, and finally came homo unablo to tell the truth, even under tbe most favorablo oiroumstau- aes." A lady having written a letter, oonoluded it a follows:— "Give everybody's love to everybody, so that nobody may bo aggrieved by anybody being tor- gotten by somebody." !' A stitoh iu timo saves nine,'1 in boarding school parlance is now rendered : The first impression of a ueedlo upon a rent obviates a ninofold introduction. A writer of the last century quaintly observed that when the cannons of the priwoes began war, the oa» none of the ohurob were destroyed. "It was," said he, " first mitre that governed the world, and then nitre — first Saint Peter, and then saltpetre." "I'll bet a sovereign I have the hardest name in the company." "Done!"6uid one of the company, "what's your name?" "Stone," oried tho. first. "Hand me your money," said the other, " my name is Harder." A distinguished hydropathic propounds a new mcdioine. The infallible remedy .for melancholy,- -is- - made of " fun and frosh air in equal proportion, and is to be taken with oold water three times a day." In a literary oirole, some one asked if a oertain au thor, who had wantonly injured his literary reputa tion, was married. He is only wedded to his lame, was the answer. Then ho makes a bad husband. Somebody has found out a'new way for " taking _ piotures," by whioh they dan h:> taken as weiria the" night as in tho daytimo. A daguerrootypist has mis led several from the frames hanging by the door, and does not approve of the now plan. A very absent minded individual, being upset from a boat in the river, sank twice before he remembered that he could swim. Ho fortunately remembered it ju3t before he sank the third.and last time. A great invontion is memory. Advantages of Peompt Payment.— A jolly old dootor said that people who wero prompt iu their payments, always reoovsrod in their siokness, as they wero Rood customers, and physicians oouid not afibrd . to lc6e them. Old Mrs. Darnley is a pattern of household eoono- _ my. Shu says she has made a pair of sooks last fif- - ;een years by only knitting new feet to them every winter, and new logo to them overy other wintee. Pair Warning- — The following advertisement- - - appears in the S>r.. Jjouis Jiepubltcun :— jangagea.— Miss Anna Gould to John Oanaal, (Jity Marshal, both of Leavenworth, K.T. . Prom this time henooiorth, and (or ever— until Miss Anna Gould becomes a wi dow—all youog gentlemen are requested to withdraw . thoir particular attentions." - Abutoher boy carrying a tray on. his- shonlder, aooidentaliy struok it agaiust a young gent's oollar. " The deuce takethe tray, "said he. " YVny, spoony," said the lad, " the deuce never takes the tray.', A lady, who was very quiet and submissive before marriage, was observed by her friends to use her - tongue pretty well after. "There was a time," said hor husband, " when sho almost had none, but it's very long since. __ WinkloF,ono day, in a large oompany, asked, " tYho wants to buy a olovor horse that oan walk five milks - an hour, trot eighteen, and gallop twonty ?" " J do," said a gentleman, eagerly. " Then, if I see any suon animal to bo sold, I will bo sure to lot you know," replied Winkles. " Mother, have I got any obildren ?" asked an ur chin of oight snmmurs. " Why, no. Vi hat put that into your head, buy ?" " Bscanse I read in the" Bi-' hie to day, at sohool, about children's ohildran." "Hero, Biddy, this ohild is lororish; wash him in ice water and put him to bed. A witness spoke several times during his testimony of ooourrenoes during his birth, when a surly judge interrupted him : — "Youmeau to say that you oan , relate ooourrenoes at the time of your birth, from your own reoolleotion ?' Thelangh was turned against the judge! as the witness replied:— "Why, Sir, 1 oaonot say that I remember ovnry particular, but I can assure you that I was thar." A census laker once oalled upon the mother of a family in eome prolific oountry, and asked her how many obildren sho had. The mother replied that . she really oould not toll, bat there was this uf whioh she was certain, " tho measels got among the ohil- dren once, but there was not enough of it to go rouud. A modest young gontleman at a dinner party, put tbe following oonuudrum " Why are most people who eat turkeyliko babies ?" No reply. The modest man blushed, and would have baoksd out, bat finally gave the reason : — " Because they are fond of tho breast" Two middle aged ladies fainted. - — - An aoQomplisbod man of all work thus advertises in a rooent American journal " I wan t employment. I oun write a letter, an editorial or spceob; keep ac counts, or oolloot them ; woulpbe useful in a hews-' paper offioe, a counting room, or in other place of business am an Amorio&n; of middle age, oorreot habits, good manners, honest, and trustworthy, and yet t-horo is'nothing between mo and starvation." - An Arkansas hero was lately oonvioted of horse stealing, and when the sentenoe had been passed on him, he took a survey of the court room, and cave vent to his feelings in the following manner:— ""WeU this is rather the briskest plaoe I ever did see; tra velled fifteen miles this morning, stood an eleotion, and unanimously voted by twelve, men to be main- . tained at tbe publio expense for ten yesrs." A Quaker was asked if his horse would draw.' "Thou i would'st," be delighted said he, " if thou oouid'st aoo him draw." On this implied warrantry, a bargain was ofieoted ; but on its being found that . tho horse would not draw, the Quaker was remon strated with, and made his answer— " I told tbea; kind friend, it would delight thine eyes to see my horss draw. I am. sure it would delight mine, for I never oould make him draw au ounce in my life." A Substitute foe Temperance.— Dr. Book, of Dantzio, is said to havo made a curious discovery ; he believes he has found an uutidoto, or ratber a coun ter poison, for ardent spirits. .It is a mineral paste, whioh ho encloses in an olive, and which, onoe ab sorbed, destroys not only the rising effect, but like wise the disastrous oonsoquenoes of drunkenness. Ho tried several experiments on a Pole, an irreclaima ble drunkard. The individual, named Itadevil, swal lowed three bottlos of brandy in succession, aud f- ter oaob bottlo a to an olive prepared by tbe dootor. Ho experienood neither the effect of drunkenness, . nor the slightest siokness— Times, Deo. 10. GUILT— Guilt, though it may attain|temporal aplou- dor, oan never oonlor real happiness. The evil oon- seqttonoes of our crimes long surtivo their oommission aud, like ghosts ol the murdoreo, for ever haunt the steps of thomalefaotor. The paths of virtue, though seldom thoso of worldly grsatDn/s. nro always those of pleasantness and peaoe.— Sir Walter Scott. The Secret of Great Workers. — Great work ers are always frequent and orderly, nnd being pos sessed of inoessant activity, thoy novel1 loso a moment. Thoy apply their whole mind to what they areahout, and, like tho baud of a watob, thoy novor stop, al- though thoir equal movemouts iu the same day al most osoapo observation. Reason.— Without reason, ns on a tempestuous . sea, we are tho Bporto! overy wind and ware, .and . know not, till the ovent hath determined it, how the . next billow will dispose of us; whother it will dash us against a rook, or drive us into a quiet harbor— Lucas. 