FAIR PLAY TO HAT1VB INDUSTRY. |Thk following letter appears in Wednesday's ^Cdliugwood Qbstrttr:- ...... '% Sir,-In s letter published ill the Age some ago I pointed out a.few of the uuny evils 45 which had resulted from'ihe'rejection of lis land -. - Bill of Messrs Haines, Michie, and Co,^ Amongst other initters noticed .in .uiy communication I i charged the Me Contention with assisting squat :.-ji; ters and bankers to defraud the people of Victoria :-J of more thin L150.000 which ought to have been 5?: received from the sq'mtiers in theyeur 1857-8;. -I .: charged the late Convention with obstructing - a* measure which would have' prevented squatters \- from obtaining prerogative rights over their' runs .Rafter the year 1853, and which would have enabled V-. the government to put up to-public auction the runs in the fettled and intermediate districts in If the coming year, and those in the unsettled dis \- trie ts in the year 1802 ;*I pointed cut that the v^late Convention, instead of aiding genuine liberals : ill the Assembly to pass an Act which would have i:: enabled bona tide cultivators to obtain laml under Li--'.the deferred payment principle, agriculturists to secure commonage in the neighborhood of their ^homesteads, and diggers and townspeople to have -their cattle grazed at 3s 6d per head, had assisted v/the spurious liberals now at the held of affairs and ;@tteir confederates in. the. Legislative CouncU to 5p:throw out a measure which every sane man now ^Saduiits would have leeu au improvement on the '^present laud system. Had the rejected bill be sgcome the law of the land the area of employment would have have been extended, and bread could . ULi'.v be had at a reasonable price. iiS Having doue so much evil in past times under ; it the pretence of doing good, one would have ctS thought that the old Convention would not have % burdened this couutiy with a ricketty successor, ig- Unfortunately for the peace of Melbourne the old a"f" Convention, beforegiving up the ghost, secured the sen-ices of a notable hamster, who drew up a will, appointing 3Ir. Walsh sole guardian during the minority of O'Shanassy's second-bom. As Collingwood and Ballarat refused to send the limbs which the old Convention considered necessary to form a robust body, the new Convention ap peared in the world like a child before its time. Having Mod to secure the Colliugwoodann before the new Convention made its appearance in the politial world, an attempt was subsequently made to attach a Collingwood limb to the deformed body. TotheeteiSal credit, of the. district the burnt children of .Collingwood refused to send Ministerial dodgers to the Convention to be pro vided for, like the last bunch of land reformers, at the public expense. As some members of the Convention who were elected as delegates on Protectionist grounds alone have already betrayed their trust, after the manner of Richmond politicians, they ought to go back to their 17 constituents for re-election. Two re nowned individuals who now figure as Free traders at tariff reform meetings were elected as the delegates from DrMackay's district because they professed to be in faror of Protection. If the representatives of the views of Protectionists were to resign their commissions in the body guard of the Banking Ministry the delegates remaining lmbind would not represent $ per cent of the electoral power of this country. Parliament is not likely to pay much attention to the views entertained by such a small kuot of trading politi While the new Convention proposes to allow old and new squatters free grass, old and new settlers free selection-at £1 per acre,and quartz and other miners untaxed gold, it professes to perpetuate the jjresent sj*steio-of 'Free Trade.' If Parliament legalizes free .trade,; free selection, and free gold, the revenue, will be reduced to the extent of £800,000 per annum. The deficiency must be made up by increasing the taxation on the whole community. Though the fanners of Victoria are receiving unremunerative prices for oats, barley, and potatoes at the present time, and skilled laborers are now brought into competition with the mechanics "of countries where lower rent*, lower taxes, And lower-fees for professional assist ance prevail, the new Convention proposes to add to the existing duties by approving of measures which would'ruin the cultivators already upou the land, and raise the taxation on skilled laborers. As the new Convention ignores the Free Trade prin ciples so far as tho selling of land in the dearest market is concerned, it is very strange that it objects to the protective principle of levying duties on foreign articles which ought to be pro duced or manufactured here. The Cobdenites point to an increase in the ex port trade of the Uuitcd Kingdom as an indication of the beneficial working of free trade in corn Because the home and foreign produce exported from the United Kingdom had increased from 176,000,000 in 18-13 to L115.000.000 in 1855, under Free Trade in breadstuff*, the Free-tradera of England say that success has attended the alte ration of the corn laws. Free traders here, instead of looking at the export trade of this country, point to the enormous increase which has taken place in the foreign trade of Britain as a proof of the soundness of the Free Trade principle. As pro tective duties are still imposed upou 600 or 700 articles which are produced or manufactured by the fanners or skilled laborers of the United King dom, Free Trade has not had a fair field in the old country. Free Trade, pure and siliiple, lia3 not $? been tested in the United Kingdom, but it has keen tried here. Instead of producing prosperity Jiere Free Trade has increased the number of in solvencies;. extended the circle of destitutionre* larded the growth of employment for skilled laborers,'farm servants, and children'; diminished the monetary circulation; decreased the deposits ill the Banks; and reduced the value of the export trade of Victoria. That Free Trade has turned out a shicer here is shown by the following table, which uets fortli the population and the exports and im ports of Victoria for the years 3853,185G, 1857, and 1858: l'esr. (Population. I Exports. ISM 1850 1857 IMS 1S59 -203,000 ' 350,000 4H0,00(1 480/100 5:l(i,ono £11,001.049 15 4S9,7Go| 1.1,0711,013 13,839^091 14,000,0001 Imports, li fl5,812.D.-!7 U,'J0i,a» 17,-av;,-m 15,108,049 16,000,000 The foregoing figures shaw pretty clearly that the exports per bead of home and foreign goods ' have bien declining since the year 1S53. While the home produce alone exported from tfiis coun try amounted la more than L10,400,000 in the year 1853; and eiceeded L13,6G0,000 in 1856. The home produce likely to be exported this year will not exceed L12,500*,fl09. Taking into consi deration that the population has increased 160 per cent since 1853, and £0 per cent since the year 1850, and that the exports JiaS'e fallen off, free traders and journalists iajarguing against protec tion ought to be requested to torn their attention to the statistics of this free trade country; not only have the exports and imports, here par head to the population, decreased one half siucethe year 1853, but the deposits, the note circulation, and the bullion in the hanks have not increased with the advance of population. In the year 1853 the deposits amounted to L32, the note circula tion to L10, and the bullion to LIS per head. In the first quarter of the present year the deposits amounted to L12, the note circulation to IA, and the bullion to L5 per head. Glying to the mone tary circulation, and the deposits ia the banks not increasing with tho advance of population, the pro perty passaged by land-owners, and the u-;ges ot skilled and unskilled laborers have fallen in value. If the free trade principle of buying in the cheapest and selling in the dearest market be per petuated with reference to the introduction of foreign produce and manufactured articles be ignored with reference to alienated lands, all des criptions of property will be further depreciated, our markets will be glutted with uurequired bread stuff, considerable numbers ci skilled laborersand farm servants will be thrown cut qf employment, money will become much mote scarce than it is at thtjpresent time. In glancing over the folloniag tali/; it must be borne in mind that in the early part ot 1855 the duty on spirits was raised from 7s to 10s 'per gallon; wine, from Js to 2s per gallon; tea, from 3d to 6d per lb; coffee, froip Id to 2d per lb; and ttat a duty of Cd per gallon on beer and cider: dsperewton sugar; 3a perewt on molasses; and 2d per lb on chicory was im posed' for the first tuns. Notwithstanding the increase- made in the duties imposed on articles consumed by, the. .community, the revenue per liead has not advanced. That protagonists inay furnish free trade candidates and journalists with information concerning the development of their pet theory in the colony, I insert tha following table, shewing the lire-stock and the Customs' Revenue for the years 1S53 and 1858. 18S3 1856 IMS '->00.000 350,000 480.000 £773,173 1.274,*210 1318,352 & 17 .1 12 » 2J7 0 As the exports, imports, deposits, bullion, bank issues,livestock, and the revenue of this country, liave not advanced with the increase of population under free trade pure and simple, the policy of tho eountiy ought to be at once reversed. When America was in much the Kame position as Vic toria at the present time, the price of land was re duced from two dollars under the credit system, to one dollar and 25 ctnts. cash. Instead of bet tering the condition of the people Henry Clay utates that the reduction in the price of laud iu America produced a general paralysis. . That aj the passage of a liberal land law in America, brought about a reduction of rents, a reduction of wages, a reduction in the price of farm produce, and a decrease in the luonetaiy circulation, and in the commerce of the rental states; free selection withoutprutection, would briugabout similar re sults here. That the working classes are in a worse condition now than they were, in 1856, is ehewn by the diminished eouHiMption of customs' articles. In the Year 1S5G, 4^ gallons of spirits, 2 of wine, ^ j of l*vr, t>Ibs of tobacco, 01 lbs of sugar, !2!lis of tea, BIIh of coffee [ht lu-.-ul were ^ousutned by the inlubitauU of Victoria. The uuantity of'spirils !*-,r liead consumed by the people of Vi>:iori3 was 'I 3-5'gallons, U of wine, 5J beer, 2 3-5lbs of tobacco, HO lbs of sugar, and 41bs of coffee. By repealing the duty on breadstuffs, the ]Hipu }ztioa'ot Ibe United Kingdom which increased from 10 to 12 per cent, under protection, became dinint eUlioDiUT. V/hil3 only SfylfizS persons emigrated ,'rom jjie United Kingdom during the last ten years o( protection, 2,7i!M00 persons ^migrated during (he first ten years of free trade. Vbst the United Kingdom gained in the way of a f Judging of the year 18"*U by the value of the goods imported and exported during the weeks which have already elapfced the imports will exceed tfct exports by i'2,G&0(U>0 tier ling. foreign iride by reducing the duty on bre^Utuff® to Is per quarter, was lost in the Lome trade by the exportation of nearly an additional 2,000,000 of producers and consumers.. When the states iueu of the United Kindom, who still levy duties I varying from £5 to £90 jwr cent on imported merchandise, considered it polite to deprive agriculturists of a.sufficient amount of pro tection 'oil breadstuff, the- statesmen of the United States '/considered it expedient to levy a duty of £15 percent, on . wheat, oats, barley, and flour,, to .draw the unprotected farmers of the United-Kingdom to the American .shorwL -Though the duties ou the manufactured articles of America were originally laid for the sake of revenue, they are now laid for the pur pose .of .'protecting native .industry. While the statesmen of the United'ICingdom levy taxes on land, carriages, horses, dogs, &c;, for the purpose of drawing one-third of the taxation from the wealthy classes, the statesmen of America levy high duties on. manufactured, articles imported into the country to bring about a like result By levying duties varying from L4 to L20 per cent on manufactured articles, and Ll5 percent ou bread stuSd, the population of America increased from 20,000,000 in 1845, to 20,500,000 in 1S55-33 per cont in 10 years. Judging of- a country's prospe rity by the extent of its foreign trade, Britain must be poorer than Victoria, because its exports and imports taken together, are not valued at more than L10 per head ou the population, while the value of the exports and imports of Victoria ex ceeds LSI per head at the present time. America must be poorer than the United Kiugdom, because its imports and ex porta are. valued at has than L0 per head. By levying high duties on manufac tured articles mtr-wluced into the United States and a moderate duty on farm produce, American statesmen have drawn capitalists and skilled la j borers from cheaply producing countries to con ! sutue the food produced by agriculturists; and farmers and farm servants from unprotected eouu i tries to buy articles manufactured by the skilled laborers of America. By pursuing such a politic i policy, the labor market of America is seldom overstocked; employment is found'for skilled I lalwrcrs, farm servants, and children; aud the ex-' ports, the deposits, the bullion, the note circula j tion, the revenue, the live stock, and the land under cultivation, always increase with the ad-t rancc of population. After protectiou had been tried in America for a period of eight years, Henpf Clay, in advocating a continuancc of the high tariff of 1824, alluded to the unparalleled adversity which had been felt under a liberal land law and a low rate of duties, and to the unparalleled pros-, perity which had resulted from atanff which made ! I protection the object and revenue the incident in j the levying of duties, in the following terms | " Eight years ago it was my painful duty to pre sent to the other House of Congress an unexag j gerated picture of the general distress pervading 1 the whole land. We must all yet remember some I of its frightful features. We all know that the ' people were then oppressed and borne down by an enormous load of debt; that the value of property was at the lowest point of depression; that ruinous sales and sacrifices were everywhere iiiade of real ; estate; that stop laws, and relief laws, and paper monies were adopted to save the country from impending destruction; that a deficit in the public revenue existed, which compelled government to seize upon and divert from its legitimate object the appropriation to the * sinking fund to redeem the national debt, and that our commerce and navigation were threatened with a complete paralysis. In short. Sir, if I were to select any term of seven years since the adoption of the present constitution, which exhibited a scene of the most wide-spread dismay aud desola tion, it would be exactly the term of seven years -which immediately preceded the establishment of .the tariff of 1S24." The farmers and skilled laborers here only re quire to be placed in the same position as that oc-.; cupied by the shareholders iu the Victoria Sugar Company at the present time. Though several | memlters of the inconsistent assembly which 1 passed out of existence on the 30th April, refused I to levy a duty on foreign confectionery, or to j throw off the duty imposed ou sugar used in the | manufacture of coufectioneiy, so that the confec- ; tionera of this country might be placed upon an equality with their brethren in the United King dom, they passed an act during the last session of parliament, for reducing the duty ou colonial spirits distilled from sugar, from 10« to 9s 3d per gallon. The principal reason which the Hun. G. Harker gave for making such an alteration iu the duty on colonial spirits, was because the Sugar Company had to pay C3 per cwt more for sugar than foreign distillers. If the Legislature acted righteously in reducing the duty ou colonial spirits for the benefit of a company iu which some honorable members are said to 1« directly interested, they'aeted most unrighteously iu re* fusing to confectioners. here what they subse quently granted to the Sugar Company. Takiug the line of argument used by the Treasurer iu introducing the Distillation, the Legislature ought to have supported the amendment proposing a re ductiou of 2s Cd per gal!ou ou colonial whisky manufactured from graiu, inasmuch as the dis tillers here have to pay £25 per cent more for their grain than the distillers of the United Kingdom. Carrying out the same line of argu ment, the Legislature ought to levy a duty on breadsttiffs, because fanners here have to pay £50 per cent more in mgts to laborers than their brethren in the United Kingdom, and 100 per cent more than their brethren in Chili; aud they ought to impose duties varying from £10 to £«0 per cent on foreign manufactured articles, inas much aa* the skilled laborers here have to pay £100 per cent more in the shape of rent, taxes, and professional fees, tiiau the skilled laborers of the United Kingdom. If protective duties be imposed, aud a proper Land Bill be enacted, the imports must decrease, and the gross iucome must in crease. An increase iu the gross iucome and a de crease in the expenditure, will cause a handsomo balance to be retained within this couutiy for ge neral circulation. An advauce in our monetary circulation, and in the deposits iu the banks, will enable iniuers and inerchauts to obtain loans at a fur rate of iuterest, and skilled and unskilled laborers to receive remunerative wages. As the | nobble decrease per head iu the monetary circu lation aud in the debits iu the banks haw de preciated (the vilut* of all descriptions of pro perty, reduccd the wages of the workiug classes, and raised the dividends paid to the shareholders in foreign banks, an jincrea.se in the monetary cir culation and in the deposits in the banks, would produce opposite results. While protectionists are of opinion tliat the largo squatting lands should be divided into small sections, to that the number of squatters aud the livestock of the country may increase, the Con vention propojes to do away with squatting alto-1 gether. While the policy of the Convention would diminish the revenue, our export trade in- I crease the price of meat, overstock our labor mar-1 ket with shepherds and stockmen: the policy of j the protectionists would produce op|>osite effects. ' If the Legislature were to approve of free selec- | tjon before surrey, some of the dodgers connected | with the Couvcution would squat down in the j centre of runs. If the Legislature were to legal- j ise free selection after survey, without protection, , townpeople would be deprived of a considerable portion of the revenue now spent upon public i works, aud the farmers now upon the lands would ! be placed iul much the fame position as Chiliag laborers at the prese nt time. Though the farm? ers now in possession of the lands are protect* ,d from foreign competition by the imposition of duties .on breadstuffs, they are protected from Lome competition by the canying out of the free i trade principle of selling the lands of the whole people in the dearest market If the protective ; principles be .recognised so. far as the sale ' of laud is concerned^ and the free trade principle be maintained so far as manu. Nurtured articles aud imported breadstuffs are con cerned, the present cultivators will be ruined. If the statesmen of the country were desirous of benefitting all classes in the community they would levy a moderate duty on breadstuffs to I compensate the cultivators now upon the lands, 1 and to enable the present and future settlers to employ some thousands of farm servants now overstocking tlw labor market; aud they would levy duties on manufactured articles to furnish employment to skilled laborers, and to enable the children of the country to be brought up at in dustrious pursuits. So long as the present system of trade is maintained, BO long as the present policy-of the country, is lpaiutained, manufac tories will not be erected, ships will not lie UuUU insol vencies will uot be unfrequent', Laborers and .children will be unable to find employment, money trill become scarce day by day, and the tonus will be always oyercrGwdeil If the inhabitants of orercrowdedWtv, where different branches yf in dustry are cpried on, are Baid to bo lea? nigral than the inhabitants of rural districts, what cau be cxpected from the inliabitant? of overcrowded ?iowmv whose children n\ustof necessity 1# brought up iu idleuess. To send money out of Victoria to furnish employment to foreign laborers, while f.jiH labor capital of the country is allowed to re* main ungtQPjoyed, is neither politic norscriptural, Paul says that he " that neglecteih to provide for his own household hath tfejjiedthe faith anil -is worse than an intidei" Seeing that the Apostle l'aul cpndeigned Chrtstiaus who neglected to pro? vide for their own children itis not.t# much to atsert that God frowns on a Christian Government which aota the infamous policy of proridingfor strangers, while ita owu subjects are allowed to go day after.day and week after wetrk, breadless and 1 unemployed. In my next, I will show that free trada retards immigration. . W. Romxsox. 