THE House of Assembly nearly committed suicide on Thursday. Indeed the House of Assembly did commit suicide, but was fortu- nately galvanized into life again by a dexterous effort on the part of the Speaker. "We haye all heard of the resuscitation of persons sup- posed to be drowned, and of the recovery of persons after being hanged (and who, as born to be hanged, couldn't be drowned); we have also heard of the Egyptian mummy who was suddenly electrified into life by some mysterious process at a meeting of the Philosophical Society. To these memorable instances of the rekindling of the vital spark after it had fled must now be added that of the rekindled fires which were suffered to die out upon the altar of the colonial St. Stephens. We shall never again believe in the mortality of Parliament, - at least so long as the present Speaker lives to collect the scattered embers of its extinguished fires. The House of Assembly met, on Thursday, at the usual hour of one, and at twenty minutes past one adjourned for half an hour, in order to afford time for the Speaker, and other hon. members, to carry up the reply to His Excel- lency. At ten minutes to two the Speaker was again in the chair, but the charms of what the lion, member for Encounter Bay calls that " highly picturesque" spot adjacent to the Houses of Parliament, or perhaps the exigencie of lunch, had the effect of drawing away the greater part of the House from the scene of duty and glory. The Speaker took the chair, and bestowed occasional glances at the four or fv-'ii airsw who were seated before him. A oeil waa then rung to summon the loitei'ers, and a few answered to the call ; still, there was no quorum, and after waitin the appointed time, the Spcacer declared the House adjourned till 1 o'clock next day, and immediately left the Chair, followed by most of the lion, members then present, and by the re. porters of the press, who quitted the gallery immediately on the adjournment being declared. And now arose the difficulty. The usual for- mality of moving " that the House, at its rising, do adjourn till-" the next or some future day, had been omitted, and, consequently, the House of Assembly was legally defunct ! In- vested with the power of adjourning its sittings from one diy to another, the legislature his no power of calling itsalf together if once sepa- rated other than by adjournment. The Ass?mbly had clearly given the coup de grace,-had shuffled off the mortal coil of the sessiou at its very out- set, and had become really nothing more than the ghost of a Parliament. But theSpe aker,-to whom the Boyal Humane Society should award its gold medal- by a few judicious passes galvanized the dead but not cold body iuto life. The hon. gentleman took the chair again-a proceeding which had the same effect upon those members still lingering in the precincts of the chamber as the retrogres- sion of the sun would have upon the animal creation, supposing that orb to wheel round the chariot of day immediately after having driven it into the domain of Night. " The Speaker ia in the chair;" bon. members could not under- stand it; one after another ran to see the sight, a " house" was thus formed, and business was entered upon, greatly to the scandal of the Standing Cvdsrs, and, as events proved, much to the discomfiture of the Commissioner of Public Works. The defunct Assembly being revivified, the first act was to1 achieve a defeat of the Government. Our readers will still want to know bow it happened that after the Speaker had de- clared the House adjourned its sitting was resumed. We bave already stated the real object of the re-assembling; namely, to restore the suspended animation of this branch of the Legislature. But it will still be asked how the Speaker could do so ? Well, we believe the story is that the bell rung in uni- formity with the rule of the House had lost its clapper-at all events it told nothing, and the Speaker (we believe) ruled that a bell which did not ring had not been rung ; and that as it had not been rung, the adjournment was premature aad irregular. A pretty story of a bell, doubtless ;-but not quite satisfactory, though it would too much savour of red-tapism to complain that the Speaker, in raising to lifa a daad Parliament had done so "irregularly." We must excuse the mode of operation in honor of the deed itself. There is* a story of a tyrannical Bashaw who fell overboard, and on being seized by the pig-tail just as he was sinking for the third time, sigualized his rescue by ordering the immediate execution of the unfortunate wretch who dared to insult that awful appendage. We must not evince a similar spirit toward " Mr. Speaker,"-but it is an undoubted fact that he declared the House adjourned, dispersed the members, scattered the reporters, and contrary to all rule and order, was sitting in the chair a quarter of an hour afterwards, presiding over the dsliberations of the adjourned session. 