(To the Editor of the Tasmanian Telegraph,) 24th February, 1859. SIR,—No one ought to doubt that Mr Nairn should go to the country after his confirmation of the office of Comptroller-General,— but Mr Smith, I hear, says otherwise, and so says the Mercury of course — that it is not an acceptance or taking; and the Government-hack Paper will, toady-like, in- duce that opinion. Where you have a lawyer at the head of the Ministry, you must necessarily have all matters fought by quibbles and technicalities. Mr Smith's and the Mercury's point, that Mr Nairn having been in Office, — that his being confirmed is not another specific 'taking,' within the purveu of the 28th section of the Constitutional Act. If Mr Nairn is obliged to return to his constituents, he has not the ghost of a chance of being elected, unless he pledges himself to oppose Smith's Govern- ment. The wily dictator well knows this, and hence, he will not put Nairn in such an un- pleasant ‘fix,' nor do so much damage to his Government. Mr Nairn has not been a thick and thin supporter of Smith's List—on many occasions he has acted firtnly and conscien- tiously. Sometimes he has absented himself, and on other occasions he has voted with the ministry : no one can say that he has trea'ed the Colonists or publ c opinion, in the traitorous manner his brother in-law—Chapman has done. Chapman's name is exfci-ra.ad. If there was another election for Hobart Town to-morrow, and the only candidates were the Shoemaker and himself, who can doubt but that the former would be returned;—but, for- sooth the latter received a public testimonial from the most influential people in the city, but where are they now ? They pass him in the street, and use the ejaculation of Smith to Innes,—“Cave canem.” Chapman’s morbid desire for notoriety has led him to be thus despised. This it was that in uced him to swear in the Supreme Court, that the many thousands of pounds that he tendered for de- bentures was entirely his own funds, when every merchant in Hobart Town knew the contrary. He merely purchased and drew against them on Kennard and Co., of London. Smith makes a tool of him, yet he has the weakness to believe that he can do what he likes with ‘Darkee ;’ whereas the latter can reckon him up at any time. Smith gives way to him in minor matters, to have him with him on other occasions. Thus it was the Job stables at the Parliament House were sanc- tioned for £1200, when Chapman was re- quired by Smith to betray Abbott to the tune of £5000 ! Mr Nairn is a different stamp of a man altogether. He may support the Minis- try, but they can’t cat’s-paw him. The son of a fine old soldier,—although from the ranks, and a gentleman of superior education—(I panortoth. wretchea Att^ey who^at pre- •ent holds this office. No-depend ob it, !Mr Your^ obediently, Tmi.oFa*E. 