( Cvniinucd from sixth page.) have deemed myself at liberty to join any of tho colonial Pre»byterian Churchcs, and to belong inter changeably and alternately to oach. With regard to the par.icular proposition to which, as I understand I was cxpected to speak— viz , that the Presbyterian system is founded on Scripture, and is admirably adapted to preserve tho spiritual liborties of a Christian people, and to promote tho cause of Christ amongst all classes and nations,— I hope that it will not be dcomed inconsistent with the maintenance and support of this proposition, if I dccl»re myself a Unionist, above any distinctions of a mero denomi ational nature; and that whenever I fall in with one who gives go id reason to bolieve that he is a true dirciple of Christ, there I recognise a bond of connec tion whic'i ui ites in a way that pi ts entirely into tho shade, and indeed wholly annihilates, mere denomi national distinctions. And further, I feel assured that you will deem it to be equally consistent with the maintenance of the proposition to which 1 havo referred, to conccde, as the Presbyterian church has ever bsen ready to concede, th-- claim and title of other churches (not Presbyterian) to be portions of tho true and universal Church of Christ. Whether a time shall ever como in tho course of the Church's history, when all denominational distinctions shall disappear, and when Christians shall see, eye to eye, on matters of Church government and discipline, as they sec on the leading and essential doctrincs of the Gospel, I cannot take upon m?to say. But I can well understand bow, that when tho minds of men come generally to be pervaded with nn earnest desire and sincere lovo of tfie truth, and whon that love operates in producing a more . universal and heart f«lt regard and love for each other, thoy will enmo to the consideration of all questions affectin™ the consti tution of the Church of Christ, and involving tho interests of his kingdom, with minds divested of much of that prejudice aud prepossession with which such questions havo been in former limes and still are ro gardod. But to come now to speak more directly to the proposition which I have been called o:i to support, 1 nave no doubt but that you havo been well satisfied, from tho arguments which Dr Cairns has adduced, that the Presbyterian system ha? the solid basis of Scripture whereon to rest. That its essential fea tures, viz., the parity of rank of its members, the office of its ruling elder, its government by the presby tery and other Church laws, are all drawn from, and founded on Scripture — that the word 'bishop' or 'sverseer ' and tho word 'presbyter' or ' eldrr' aro used to decide one and tho same class of persons, and that thore i3 not a sing'o passage that can be adduced to show apostolic or scripture authority for tho constitution and maintenance of a class of persons who are known as diocesan bishops, having tho over sight, not of a flock, but of a bodv of mumbers withia a particular district or diocesc. Upon that part of the proposition which regards tho Scriptural ba*i«, oil which tho Presbyterian system is founded, I will not attempt to add u word to the arguments whic'i havo been employed by Dr Cairns. And us to the remain ing part of tho proposition to which, as 1 understand, I was more particularly expccted to speak, if you are convinced, as I duubt not you are^.that tho Presbyte rian system is i-'.deed founded on Scripturo— that it has the authority and sanction of the groat Head of the Church— then you will permit mo to draw this corollary or inference, that it is, and must bo, emi nently nnd admirably adapted to preserve the spiri tual ' liborties of tho Christian people, and to promote tho causo of Christ among all classcs and nations. Now, in order to per ceive how it 13 . that tho Presbyterian system operates in producing these results, consider tho nature and tho working of the 6yttem. It is a system of government for the Church, for a peculiar society chosen out of tho world, composed of tho wholo body of believers iu Christ. It belongs of right under the Prrs bjterian system to tho members of this body to have an efF ctive voice in tho settlement of their ministers. No minister without a violation of this right can bo forced upon an unwilling people; and the minister when called by the people, and inducted in the chargo; is tho highest officer known in the Church. The associates on an equal footing with his fellow ministers. There is no superior offico bearer to cxer cise authority or government over him. Ho' and his follow ministers, along with ruling elders, electod by and from among the lay members of tho church, ex orcise the sole authority and government known in tbe Presbyterian syjt- m. The ftaturo of tho ruling eldership is one which I believe is peculiar to the Presbyterian Church, and it is ono which is clearly founded on Scripture. The distinction botween ciders who simply rule and elders who, besides ruling, labor in word and doctrino, is expressly recognised in tho Word of. God. And now observe how tho existence of this class of church officers operates in preserving tho spiritual liberties of the Christian people. In tho first place tho membors of the Church aro not ruled over by a hierarchy. They are not subject to the go vernment of a boay of ministers, of a court or assem bly of ministers. Tho spiritual affairs of the congre gation are under the management of the Kirk session — a body of men elected by and from among tho lay members of tho Church, of which body tho minister is tho moderator or president Tho same elemont enters into tho constitution of the Frosbytery, the radical and characteristic court under this form of Church government. And it equally pervades the Synodicalor higher courts of the Church. Observe, ulso, in regard to the elders, that (hey are electod not by the mere sitters in the Church. Such havo no voice in tbe election of the eldership. Tho election is by the members nlone, and all tlie members of every rank aud condition have an equal voice in the election. Under [ this system of Church government, it can- | n«t but b? that the .ipiiitHut libtrMei ot the Cluis-v , tian people will be effectually maintained. And if this system were to bo universally adapted and dif I fused, the causo of Christ would indeed be j promotccg among all classes and nations. On this last pert on of tho px'dpoiitlon which I havo to maintain, viz., the promotion of tho causs of Christ through tho instrumentality of a Church, framed on tne 'rPres\iytcrian -ystem, I again revert to n;j former remark, that if that -ystem be a scrip ural one it must bo eminently fitted to fulfil the j great function of a Church, viz., the promotion j of tho cause of Christ throughout tho world. When I wo coniider, however, how littlo has been j done for several hundred years by tho Chinch in tho way of aggressive moviments upon heathen nations, and when we contrast her conduct in this respect, with that of the earlier Chuicli, which, cornmoncin^' at Jerusalem, so thereby diffused herself throughout Sjiia, Asii Minor, Egypt, Northern Africa, Greece, Italy, and the rest of Europe, wo must bo convinced that she has been fearfully deficient in fulfilling one of the great evils which she was fitted and designed to promote. A t this stage of tho proceedings the symptoms of impatience amongst the meeting had become so mani fest that tho rov. gentleman became almoit inaudible. The Chairman rose and tnid : I have particularly to request that you will hear the gentleman out. A voice in tho distance: Tho gentleman speaks in such a low tone of voice that we cannot understand him. The Chairman : I am sorry ha is not heard by the meeting generally ; but he now informs mo that he is about to conclude. The Rev. Mr Ooilvie resumed : I was about to remind the meeting of tho efforts made by the early Christian Church. The command, ns originally given to hor by her Head, and Lord, was to go and make disciples of all nations. That command consti tuted what tho lato Duke of Wellington in charac teristic nnd expressive language callcd ' tho marching orders of tho Church.' It was the patting command of our Lord, given at tho very moment of his' ascen sion. It was a command given then ; it is, I sub mit, a command given now. And if so, then wo have his own exhortation; to which wo do well to give heed,—' Tf ye love mc, keep my commandment}.' I now sit down, by submitting to you tho proposition that the Presbyterian system is founded on Scripture, and is admirably adapted to preserve the spiritual liberties of a Christian people, and to promote the cause cf Christ amongst oil classos and nation.'. ' Dr Wilxie said it was with great pleasure be had como there to witness tho celebration of the Presbyte rian Union. As a member of the Synod cf Victoria, ho might say they were all most cordial and unani mous in thoir approval of this Unkn, and tlity i'- g?rded it as an important event to the cause of l'rc; byterinnism throughout the world, and ho folt assured Iheir rejoicing on that occasion would meet with the heartiett congratulations and sympathy from their cc rcligionists in all parts of the world. It was very gratifying that the influence of a divino nnd Chrit tian character should now fo manifest itself amongst all classes, and ho confidently expected the happiest results. Tho past condition of the Pros bjteiian Church must have been icgarded by ell seriously minded men with pain. In Scotland, such differences were perhaps more excusable than here. In that country the Presbyterian Church, from its earliest history, had always been subject to the inter ference and persuasion of tho State; tut in this colony they had always enjoyed the most perfect liberty, and it would bo impossible for tho State in any way to intorfero with their privileges. When leaving their native country, with possibly their rela tives or families, to take up thoir homes in a far off country, why not leave behind them those sectarian doctrines which prevailed among their brethren in Scotland, which they wero under no obli gation to adopt or perpetuate ? in laying tho founda tion of a new empire in Australia, w hy should they not have regard to laying tho foundation of sn Australian Chutch, while at tho same furgotting tho secta rian difforcnces which it was to bo hoped they hud left in Scotland, and in order that thoy might be ttblo to hold out the hand of fellowship to Presby terians throughout tho world. It augured well for tho fut jro of tho Union thoy had mot to celebrate, that so much mutual forbearance had been shown by the different synods which had entered into tho Union. It was well known that the United Pres byterian Church had long maintained a strong op position against State Aid, and yet the minister o; that Church had consented to the Union leaving tho State Aid question to he settled iu Parliament. He could have wished that the Free Church had been present, for he felt when they really had a Union of all the Synods, they would call forth the admiration aud sympathy of tho whole Christian world. It was to be hoped that tho congregations which had de clined to join, would be brought to do so ; thus there would be a glorious future yot in store for tho Church. (Applause.) The lvev- Mr JarretT hoped he would not be charged with presumption in appearing on that oc casion, as he had been requested to do so, in the ab;once of a minister, who it was understool would attond. Tho topic ho was about to speak on was to havo been spoken to by a minister who had failed to perfoim the part that was assigned him. (' Name, name ') Ho had since been loquestcd to perform that part ; if, therefore, in his observations there should appear a want of due consideration, his ex cuse must bo the shortness of the time allottod to him. The suDject wus ' The Union, as it affected the prosperity of tho Church itself.' Firstly, what did they understand by Union ? Perhaps between union nnd uniformity thero was a distinction, without an apparent diffe rence. It was possible that a c mmunity might out irardlv agree on doctrinal points, and yot thero might be great differences of opiniou, there being no real hirmmy of feeling. Such was not their acceptation of Christian union, nor was such union promoted by a mere agreement as to dogmatic statements. Such an agreement might contain the exact Shibboleth of dogmatic views, and yot it might bo far separated from Chris'ian love. They must gather their ac ceptation of Christian love from tho life of Him who was fitted to exemplify it. _ Tho words of our Lord given botoro leaving his dis discrtples w'ro, 'Father, that thoy maj be one as wo aro one.' It was therefore not mero unanimity of sentiment, nnd a dry adhesion to doctrinal points, although an agreement in sentiment was absoluto'.y necessary ; but a corresponding unanimity of Chris tian feeling in the mind— to bo ia mind as ono with tho Lord. They had had too long an exhibition of the other view of tho questiou in the spectacle pre sented by the Presbyterian Church in this colony hitherto. Ilo earnestly prayed that tho Union that had now been consummated, would bo ono not only as to tho groat doctrinal points of scripturo ; but that they would desire to emulate its Master himself And if they considered a Union such as ho described, they might ba fur ther aided by tho reflection of the standard of its opposite. Had not tiio whole body of professing Christians been scandalised by the differences of opinion which had existed amongst those professing ihe tame rc'igion ; and had thoy not found that while it existed, it was hopoless to oxpcct that a real Christian fpiiiv. would operate throughout the world. These causes of scandal talicn out of the way, wore tlicy not in a position to go forth to tho world, and say, wo havo arranged all our differonccs, as tlicy had dono that day, and they would now in Christian har mony labor, as circiinutanccs might dictate, in ex tending tho Gospel throughout the world. It must bo admitted that at last they wore but ono body, united for tlio honor of their Divine Master. Thero was ono subject he would ' mention that had often seriously engaged his attention, and he might 3ay of those around him, it was that, in the interior of tho colony, in somo localities many churchcs wero crowded to gether of congregations professing the samo doctrincB, whereas in others thero were none, although much wanted. The Cnion would now be in n position to maka better arrangements in this matter for the future, and localities would be occupied according to ilioir importance. But tho most direct and powerful influence which would bo directed on tho Church itself, was that thoy wero now in a position to unito together to pray for tho blessing of the Head of tho Church. An individual believer might expect to lie blessed in hi« personal capacity, hut how could a Church expect to bo blessed in its collective capacity, if amonn: its members many were opposed to ons another ? Thorofore, in order to be blessed with an all-pervading spirit of Christian love, it must be by a spirit of charity and fervent lovo among themselves. And, as tlicy were aware, it was not tho foundation of accurate logical doctrino that constituted the success of tho Church, nor was it' merely the torco of eloquence, but an infusion of tho Holy Spirit. In conclusion, ho hoped that the Head of tho Church would pour out a measuro of his graco on the labors of their Union. (Applauso.) Tho ?3rd psalin was then sung, after which Tho Rev. Mr Ballantvne addressed tho iace ing. Ho said: Christian brethren, I esteemit one of the happiest circumstances in connection with my history in tho colony, that I havo been enabled to take nn active part in tho various negotiations which hnvo at length led to tho happy consummation of a Union between tho differeut branches of tho Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and also in beiug permitted to take part in this ovontful commemoration scene. As 1 mingled in tho solomn events of this day, my feel ings wore ot times almost overpowered', and frequently I could havo wept tears of happiness and joy to seo dissension and disunion givo place to reconciliation and joyous unanimity. (Hoar, hoar.) When I gaze around this platform and in those pews, and behold fathers and brethren, ministers and people, elders and deacons, that up to this day havo been kept apart by denominational barriers now happily agreeing to bury in oblivion past controversies and dissensions, blending their sympathies and their prayers together with their earnest and continued efforts in one now Church. I feel my heart bounding with praise and exaltation within me, and I cannot but believe that heavenly angels looking down from thtir starry thrones, must j feci unutterable joy' snd delight at such n sight. And | if the spirits of those ancient founders of our faith are ] erer psrmittsd to miiit t liens earihy a«uc-, isir must th# swelling boroms of a Rutherford, a Knox, a Gillcpic, and a Uha'.mers teat with joy unspeakable and full of glery at the iccne ho now witnessed I ? ni7ear- hc!r0 * tco io this Union that, which will fill with joy the hc&rU; of brethren at r.omc. I ieo ^'n'0' a fulfillment of many prayers especially of that tender and affccting petition of onr blcsted a prayer full of: love and affection— 'luat thoy may bo one even as wo are one. \\\ o aro all members of one family, w# may lnv» been separated for a time by minute and subordinate diflerrnces, still the grand leading linea ments of the family may bo distinctly traccd in all of us, end they had now all come together again to t. well once more undor ono roof; he would then say, ' Pcace be to Jerusalem, they shall prosper that lov# thee ; for my brethren and companions' sako I say peaco be within thee.' I am conscious I am unable to do full justice to tho important topic on which I have been requested to address you, viz. : ' The in fluence of union iu the Church on the world with out.' There have I cen thr usands in overy age; there aro thousand; now ; and there will bo doubtless thou sands in succeeding generations yet to come, whose only estimate of religion will bo formed from the actions and lives of its professors. You may tell Jthcm that this is a dangerous, a false te3t, and an unsafo modo of judgment; you may refer them to the grand fountain nead of our religion, ihe Blblo itself, and tail them ft examine for themselves the doctrines therein contained! You may point to tho glorious and unstained life of its founder, our glorious Redeemer, but they will no't listen to you, and you will be unable to pursuade them to dp so ; the only evidecco. the world will read is that contained in the life and conduct of tho profes sors and supporters of thcU religion. What opinions then are men of the worMT end infidels likely to form, when they witness the sad distensions that have oc curred— nnd are occurring in the Christian Church. Will thoy not point tlie finger of scorn at us ? ani say look how those Christians quarrel. Is this Chris tianity ? I know these questions may bo answered, and theso objections met to tho satisfaction oi the Church itself, but not to tho world. They (ihe world) point to tho dissensions which exist, but to that gloiious Union which hai existed, and, thank God, still docs exist ciro igst the Churches, and which, spits of all obttaclis, hai accomplished so much in Chru« tianising the world.They point to tho time of adversity, but not to that ofprospority; like a fly fecdingon garbago neglecting what is pure and beautiful, they point to tho dark side, but overlook tho bright one; thoy touch upon the excrescences, but altogether negloot the symmetrical body. Let the Church then improve its prerent opportunity. Instead of jealousy end dis seneion let there be confidence and unanimity, sym pathy, concord and love amongst the brethren. Let minor points be' placcd where Christ intended th::m to be, subordinate to tho vital principles of tli 'ir common Christianity, and let it bo made manifest ta tho world that men differing perchance on some minor points ore still capable of being knit together iu the bonds of unity and love. This will make the shafts' of sarcasm nnd infidelity fjll harmless and ineffective. Another important result of this uaity of purpose and feeling will be, that more compact'r.ndj forcible action will be brought to bear upon tho world for its evangelization The Church will then be more powerful— thore will be more ardour in her spirit, more influence in hor position, and more funds in her exchequer. What would have been the fate of Cicsar's legions of old had they been arrayed on tho field of battle without military skill, or with out any concentrated plan ; or supposing them to have been most admirably arrayed, still what would have been their fato had thero been no directing spirit, and- had hundreds of different orders been given ? Would thoy havo over conquered (as they did) nearly tho whole of tho known world ? No ; but tho first shock of battle would havo sent them scattered and flying over the plains ; Ciesar's glory would have been dimmed, and Rome's proud eagle laid low in tho dust. So, my friends, is thero every need for the church to prepare vigorously for her war- ? furo, systematically, and with, a union of ' ' purpose. In order that sho may success fully contend with sin, Papal delusions, tho world and the devil, hor forces must bo properly managed and judiciously arranged, or she may en counter a dofcat when thero should bo only conquest arid a glorious victory. You all remember the re mark of tho foldier to his general on tho generai!s remarking to him that tho city they were about to attack had no walls for its defence. 'Sir,' answered tho soldier, ' tho valor and concord of the citizens is a wall of defence to the city.' So is it with tho Church, in the concord existing within herself and her union with her great Head exists her chief, her only strength. When wo seo the infidelity that exists around us, tho profanity of t^e laud exemplified in oaths and blasphe mies at the corners of the streets, the deserted sn^otunrics. the desecrated Sabbaths, tho worship of mammon, the soul-destroying delusions, and tho various forms of licentiousness sprea$ ovor this fair land, aurelj it is high u mo that the greatest unity should prevail amongst tho Church, and that sho should tfrise and put ou her beautiful garments, go forth strong as tho sun, and fur as the moon, conquering and to oon quer, until the kingdoms of this world ' beoomo the kingdoms of our God and of His Christ, (Applause ) 'fho ltev. Mr M'Nicoi. then came forward. Ho said : Mr Chairman and Christian friends, I yiold to no one in the joy 1 feel on this auspicious occasion, and in this happy union which this day has been so gloriously consummated. This union he believed to be in answer to many fervent aspirations and sincoro prayers, especially to one of our Lord himself, that bis people may bo one. That heart must be cold indeed that could remain uc moved and untouched amid tho soul Btirring ecenos thoy had that day witnessod, whore — ; 'Graco like tlio morning dow;di»tils, And all tho air is love.' must say ovon at tho risk of being callod weak' minded and foolish by mm of the world, that I never uipcot to experience greater happiness or moro solid enjoyment on this Bido of the gravo than, I to-day folt when sitting sido by side with my brethren, end com momoraUng tiio death of our blesssd Lord and Re deemer ; it seemed indeed a foretaste of heaven, and Icjuldsay with tho poet — , 'My willing soul would stay, In such :i frame us this ; And sit und sing herself away To everlasting bliss.' Though I regard it as an honor and a privilege to bo permitted to address so laige and rcspectabla an as sembly on such ^an occasion as the present, still I Would much rather havo re mained In my seat and listened to to thoso who I know aro far abler than myiclf for tho performance of so important aJuty, especially when coming after thoso who Jffve alr.ea.iy addressed you, for my thoughts aro liko tho man's horse, hard to catch, and worth very littlo whon caught. The sub ject I have been requested to address you on i', ' Personal piety, the true basis of Christian union.' , The Church is a tree, there aro many branches, but thoy all proceed from one stem. It is a body com pactly and beautifully fitted together, tha head of which is Christ J esus. It is a templo incomplete at present, but gradually, surely, nnd steadily, rising to its true grandeur. Tho Church is a building of whioh ; Jesu. Christ himself is tho corner stono. Jesus Christ is the vino, liiu people aro tho branches. Per sonal piety is the ono essential to the success of tlio Church. If thero bo not personal piety, thero can bo no Christian union ; the serablanco may exist, there may bo_ tho appear and', mperficial observers may bo decoived, but tho reality will bo found wanting, and all willibo hollow and deocitful like a whited sepulchre. Who aro tha. individuals that most frequently produce schisms and dissensions in tho Church of Christ ? Aro thoy thoso that love the Lord their God with all thoir heart and with all their eouls, and their neighbors ns them selves ? Are they such as are- not to bo overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good ? Aro tlfey thoso who, strong in Christ Jesus, strugglo with tho nngol till break of day ? No! it canjiot be; theso would be tho last who would aid in toariug to tattors tho seamless coat of our blessed Lord. If tho mind takes up with trifling objects it wjlt most likely becomo a trifling mind. If tlb« miad takes up with sinful things, it will, in all probability, become n sinful mind. IV tho mind is suffered to dwell with pleasure on deeds of cruelty, it will doubt less become a cruel mind, and harrowing deeds of revolting cruelty will not shook it. So if ffeo mind bo brought into contaot with holy'fhings, it will bocomo a holy mind ; if permitted to reflect on great things, it will becomo a great mind. Communion with holy things must necessarily induce a righteous disposi tion. As our minds aro brought into contact with tho Lamb, so shall we become like unto bim. It is surely impossible for nuy individual to follow Christ and not partake somowhat ol' his spirit. Let us , my brethren strive earnestly for this spirit— for this personal piety. Doath, says Seucca, falls heavy on that man who ia too much known to others, and not enough to himself. I siy life falla heavy on such a one. Call such a man a pillar of the Church ! I call such a one a beam, uad a beam so heavy as frequently to ' : bear with crushing weight upon tho pillars. Let us, as ministers, especially cultivato the spirit of personal p ety. Let the members become members of tho mystical body of Christ, and our adherents adhero to the Crons of Christ; then indeed we shall have a real, a scriptural uuion. (Hear, hear.) Oh, for tho piety of the Puritans of England ! Oh, for the piety of tha | old Covouantors of Scotland, that piety which bue» taincil them in the midst of their persecutions, uml which enabled them to worship tho Lord their God t in thoir own mountain fastnessos amid tho thundor of their enemy's cannon. Let us, my brethren, strive to bocome thoroughly endued with thi9 spirit . of personal piety, then shall we sit down with thoso that come from the north and the south, from tho east and the west, with Abraham and with Isaao in tho kingdom of our God. Tho reverend gentleman concluded his address amid much applauso. - The 122nd Psalm was tlion sung, and after a vote of . thanks had been passed to tho chaiiman for his ablo conduct iu tho chair, I Tho Reverend Mr Clow pronounced tho b»n«dic tiw, MtUhesmtiag acpniKtfdi GREAT MEE CING AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. A groat publio meeting of tho United Presbyteri&n; Church of Viotoria, was hold in tho .Exhibition Building on Thursday evening, in commemoration of tho union. The building waa tiled at all points. The platform was oocupicd by the clcrical gentlemen whose namc3 were signed to the document given in the report above. Mr Yurb acted as choir leador, The Rev. Mr Hetiieuikgton' openod the service by roaming the lOfth Psalm, which was sung by full choir with nn organ accompaniment. He then read a passage from St. Paul's fir.it cpistlo to the Corinthians. Prayer was offered, and the preliminary service was concludcd by singing tho 2lth Psalm. The Moderator of the United Presbyterian Church of Victoria, the Kev J. Clow, thon rose and Slid: Ladiesandgentlcmen, the occasion of our present meeting is one of the happiest and most important that cau be conceived. In past times our great dilTarences of opinion separated us from one another, and we formed ourselres into distinct bodies j to-day, how ever, we Are. presenting that delightful spectacle of several Christian bodies unitodia one Church; and wo are thereby assuming a position more consonant to tho holy spirit of our religion, nnd better adapted for pro motingits interest. To me personally the occasion ofthis meeting is one that affords the most sincere gratifi cation I havo witnessed the progress of tfiis colony for upwards of twenty-one years j in. all that time, notwithstanding tho very wondorful nnd diversified nature of tho things that have occurred, there is not I conceive one which will bear comparison with tbo union that has this day been consummated. I new feel that the church, thus united, is admirably fitted to promote the highest nnd most permanent interests of the colony,. The truth of the assertiou'I feet confi dent will be apparent to all of you after you have heard the addresses which are this evening to bo presented to you. It would ba presumptuous in mo to detain you longer with any observations of my own. 1 will now call upon tho ltev. Dr. Cnirna to address you. The Hev. Sr Caiun'S then said: Wero it not that he felt that truth was sweeter to tho heart thin the finest musij was pleasant to tho ear, he should be well consented to forego his speech, and ait qui :tly down to enjoy the solemn strains to which he had listened with delight. (Applause.) Ho hud been asked to address thorn upon a subject which was specially interesting to thom, namely, the Divine warrant for Presbytery — whether, in fact, Presbytery was of Scriptural origin (applause) ; and in submitting to them a brief statonicut, he would call their attention to the leading principles of their ecclesiastical system and Church polity; and in doing so, he was anxious not to say nnything offensive to other Chris.ian bodies, but rather to speak in terms of civility and respect in reference to all the branches of the groat Catholic Church of Christ. Ho desired to live on terms of fellowship with all who loved tho Lord Jesas Christ in sincerity nnd tru.h. Presbyterianism was so called to distinguish it from prelacy oa th': ono hand and independency on the. other. The Greek prcsbutcros fignitied leader. They found the word to be synonymous with the word bishop or overseer of n flock, who as the minister of the sanctuary used to minister its affairs. Upon a careful study of tho Seriptures they would bo convinced of two thii.g.s. In the first place, that the grand principles of ecclesi astical polity or government aro there distinctly revealed. They, as Presbyterians, were convinced that this momentous matter ( Jhuvch Government) had not been left a question of expediency or one to be determined by mere .caprice. , (Applause.) In thoir opinion they weio deafly rovealed by an autho rity which admitted of no doubt, and with a clearness sufficient to satisfy the man who was no*, blinded by prejudice or ignorance. (Applause.) So far as the substantial ver.ties of tho gospel wore concernod, thero could be no doubt about tho principles, organisation and form of Presbytery, which was the body of Christ's visible church ; and in saying that they had no hesitation in declaring tho spiritualness of their Presbyterianism. Secondly. The dogma of apos tolical succession, waa not only wi'hont a warrant iu the divine word, but it was plainly repugnant to tho letter, the genius, nnd tho spirit of Chris tianity. (Applause.) The apostles wero an extraordinary race of ministers. To be an apostle a man must have seen the Lord himself, and must have bacn divinely inspired ; ho must have possessed the powor of working miracles. Thero could be no apostles without these powers ; hence it was impos sible that any set of men not possessing thoso attri butes could lay claim to apostolic succession. (Applause.) They might go back to very remote antiquity, and they would Had that a system of Pres bytory existed in the Jewish Church; in fact it arose out of the necessities of the social stato of the Jewish people. Aud the system of Church Government which was necessary for that people was equally 1 necessary for any society of God's people at the present day. (Applause.) Their model they ! thought they discovered in the arrangements of tho synagogues— to each of them there was 1 attached a company of elders, then there was a pre sident of that company who was the angel of the church. By these elders or rulers of the people justica was administered; an appeal lay ftom them to the great court of the synagoguo, which sat in Jerusalem. The apostles, who were Jews, very naturally introduced into the government of tho ' Christian Church tho ecclesiastical polity with which they had been conversant all their lives. Now, as he spoke in the presence of persons who wero well ac quainted with the Scriptures, ho would ask them whether the words presbyter and bishop were not used interchangeably throughout tho whole Scriptures. Tako, for instauce, tho 17th verse of tha Acts of the Apostles, chap. 20. St. Paul, in sending to Bphesus, addresses ' the elders' of the Church. And Spain, in the 28th vj-fe of tlie tame i-pi'tk*, hi n.?nin luhlrisus them, telling them to take herd unto ihe fact that , tho lioly Ghost hath made tiicm ovcrs-cr*. In tho j epistle to Titus I., 5, the apostle instruct;- 1,'m to go to the said elders ; fur, said he, !' tho bisheps must be ' blameless as tho stewards of God.' Now let them | supple that this largn assembly were ju«t to send i.n j address to the city of Melbourno felling the people to ' take every possible cue to elcct as their chief migis ! trate the wiscstand best citizen. The office of Mayor j was the oflice to which the higho.t responsibility at ! tnched ; and what logician would dare to argue tho j chief magistrate was an entirely different person from | the Mayor of the city? (Applause) Yet this was prrcisely the kind of logic which made the difference : between the elder and the bishop. They read of ciders who ruled over others ; and of elders who had autho rity in raatfors of doctrine only. They had an ex* ainplo of tho latter in tho Kirk sessions. (Applauec.) Then upon this he observed, first, that by divino direc tion a plurality of elders was attached to each congregation, and no instance was met in the New Testament, in which a congregation posscs'ed a Binglo elder ; then in the second place thoy could not find a singlo trace of pre-eminence amongst those elders or ovorseors. (Great applause.) They could discover no such thing as prolacy or that there was any one elder vested with authority over another; they found it, oa the contrary, expressly forbidden. They were told that the princes of the Gentiles had domin'on over their subjects. And tutn again, with tegard to tho bishops, overseers, or elders, the same divine com mission was given to each and all. (Hear, hear.} There they l'jund the elders collectively invested with tho prerogative of ordaining, but thero was not a single instance of that preroga tive having been conferred on nn individual elder ; tho ordination was always made by laying oa the hands of tho elders collectively— (applause) — therefore, they might fairly conclude that the office of Presbyter was a subject of revelation. (Applause. Another order of tho Church was, that of the doacons. In early ages they ware a very important body of olHcc-bearers in the Church of Christ. The Apostles instructed tho people to look out amongst themselves for peoplo of honest repoit, filled with the lloly Ghost and wisdom, to administer the temporal affairs of tho Church. To every congregation such an officer ought to be appointed. (Applause.) He believed if every congregation in this colony had had such a body of temporal managers ns those deacons — spiri- tual-mindcd men, and men of Christian resignation, — the affairs of every congregation would now be in a stato of prosperity, of which they had no con ctption. (Applause.) The people wore not a promiscu ous body— they were a select company. Their propor name was ' sons of God'— holy persons— saints — and it was because they were admitted to be members of the Church of Christ, they were numbered amongst the people of God. Now until they gave satisfactory cvidcnco of thoir knowledge of Christ— of their faith in tho Redeemer — they wero not the peoplo of God. That people were a chosen body, and had an honorable place in tho santuary. It belonged to them to elect all those who held officc over them. Our Lord himself called upon tho people to elect n dis ciple in tho place of Judas who had betrayed him. T'ne people elected all those who held offico over them, because tho greater comprehended the less. They (the Presbyterians) |maintained that their system, if properly administered, prohibited oppression and ensured rational Christian liberty. (Applause.) Minorities wero some times right — sometimes wrong. Ho re membered to have heard Lord Melbourno say that iu his opinion minorities were always right; without going so far as that, he would say they might some times be right. A single individual might stand ia the position of a minority and yet be right. Presby- , teriauism provided that justice should ho done to every individual ns far as justice could be done by any human institution. If an individual member felt dissatisfied he had tho privilege of carrying his . case away from the locality in which prejudicial influences might exist, and have it decided by persons who were entirely uninterested in tho result. Every individual might carry his exse before tho highest court of the church, beforo which he might go and plead in person for the causc of truth and righteousness, or against some heresy with which he might happen to bo acquainted. (Ap plause.) Presbyterianism had always proved itself friendly to sound doctrino, in proof of which he might cite the Waldenses, the Piodmout Church of tho Alps, and tho Westminster Standards. Their people being instructed in the word of God, they had a gua rf.n-.ee for the soundness of their doctrine to an extent which he believed was greater than that of any other denomination. (Applause.) It was friendly to the cause of education, bccause their youth must be in structed and informed in the knowledge which mado wii-e uato salvation. They were aware what their great reformer said, tho property of tho churck ought to bo dividei into throe parts — ono for the poor, another for the administration und ordinances of tho gospol, and the third for the building and endowing of grammar schools, parochial schools, and colleges. If tho scheme of their great reformer had been acted upon, they would now havo been in a state of tn-. li^htenment and prosperity which words could hardly describe. (Great applause.) Their system had always been friendly to perfect civil liberty. (Loud applaus;.) Ono of their famous queens schemed and plotted how she could fetter and gag the Church, and a leading member said to her, 1 ' Tako away from us our ciders and assemblies and take aTay tho gospel ' King James, who hated sssemblies as he hated nil else that was good, used to say — no bishop no king. Upon that maxim ho thought Presbytery incompatib'e with monarchy — hence that arbitrary povor— hene; that despotism — henco that pride— hence his packed juries— hence his persecutions— and hcnca the ignominy of his memory. He (Dr. Cairns) would not countenance a tyattm of Presbyterianism which was sectarian in its views. Ho hoped the Prcsbyteri inism which he and they loved, would afford a middle grouud upon which episcopacy a id independency might meet, and thit they might thus form a tripartite: alliance. Great applause.) Tho fulness of time would come during the next generation, when a great adrancc would be made in the *nity und principles of true charity. The rev. gentle man expressed a hope that the time would como when they should not want a model. He pro fdired their own free prayers, but if others preferred a liturgy, provided it ivas scriptural, ho did not object to it. As to the bishops holding formal sway, although he held firmly by the doctrine of official parity of ministers, it would bo no great mat ter if their Church courts were presided over by them, if it tended to a more complete union of the various christian bodies. Independency would not only be saved, but improved by adopting n portion of tho ecclesiastical polity of Presbyterianism. Tho rev. gentleman then referred to the character and descrip tion of ministers required to meot tho ?wants of the colony, and then continued : — Another circumstance was, that whero a body was small— that was as to numbers— a profane or unchris tian mind or two might make a world of mischief. Ho might dictate his own terin«, and if they were not complied with to his humor, he, to use figurative lan guage, just capsized tho ship. To avert such evils in time was n most important object. He was happy to say that on that occasion thay had 60 ordained minis ters who attended to promote, heart and soul, the union now consumma'.ed. (Cheer*.) In a few years this number wou.d in effect be multiplied by five, making SUO ministers, and in a fow more years thoy might confidently oxpect they would hnve ono thousand in their ranks whoso lives would be devoted to proaching tho word of God ; and when that should oino to pass, why, they could bear tho eccentricities of a few wrong heads without much annoyance. A A tho same timo it was ever to be borne in mind that their party would effect nothing, if not quickenod by Divine Providence. For a Church without tho spirit of God and the glorious lamp of eternal light, w u'd never enjoy the real elements of the Ci.riV.ian faith. For that blessing, therefore, they must never ceaso to pray. Above all, a bond of Christian sympathy and lovo must be tho basis 6f their union, for a cliurch divided in feeling amongst itself, ,was of all thiugs offensivo to God, and odious to man. What would the tabernacle have boon to David if dovoid of all those circumstances which mado it love to his sight ? This grace w juld bo given to them if they only sought for it. Let it bo their first consideration that their elders meet day al'ier day to dodicato it to the Lord's name, the light of which would evor bo as a golden candlestick, never to bo removed from its place. They would thus bo as tho city set on a hill. In conclusion, let them pray that the Lord their head would shed his grace on them, aud that the work of his hand be established on them. (Applause.) , The Itev. Mr Oqilvie said : It is with much plea sure that I rise to respond to the call which you have now made on mo to address the meeting. I esteem it a high privilege and honor to have had a part as signed me in the programme of this night's proceed ings. 1 have long looked forward to tho union which has now been happily effected, as to an objcct which waa greatly to be desired. (Cheers.) I thinlt, sir, that I may, without presumption, bo allowed to appeal to yourself, whose friendship I have been favored with for a period of now nearly twenty years, that my efforts have ever been direoted towards preserving and maintaining unisn among the Presby torians of the colony, and that when upon any occasion division and differences did arise, I was over ready to concur with those who sought to heal tho breach and to effect a re- union. (Applause.) Thoso being the sentiments which I havo ever entertained, I may perhaps ho allowed to congratulate this moeting on the happy union which has now been eifectod. lt is one to which I give a most hearty concurrence, — :nto whioh I do most unreservedly throw myself, i feel that we aro now iu the proper courso — that wo are now in tho path of duty. That wo are in the way to which the leadings of Providence have been guiding us— in the way which the great Head of ths Church has been pointing out to us to walk in. For myjclf. 1 may bo allowed to say that 1 have, in a manner, anticipated this union that I havo been long at a loss to per ceive fcnythieg like suilicient ground for tho Churche* remaining teparate. And, under this conviction, I i [ ( fgr rtmaindti* of Summary ete third' page. J 