GHOSTS OF SHADOWS. Most sapient and substantial public, as I see that shadows have at last taken their appropriate place in society, I suppose it is time for mc to come forth and give to the world some notion of my romantic adven- tures. I am Ariel, the sprite who,w;orkcd]great Pros pero's will. I know people are under tho hallucina- tion that Ï wande; froc and bright among the flowers, cradleing in rosebuds, and sipping tcte-tt-tete cups of nectar with Sir Booming Buzz and his happy com- panions. Alas, my fate is not so fair ! When Prospero hurled his book, as he thought, far beneath the waves, ""*"*" there was reclining upon the swell one of those sea elves, who livo beneath the watcis -as ugly as an ogress, and as w icked as a gnome. She caught the hook as it fell, and being learned m evil loro, she was able to interpret its mysteries foi mischief. She came ?upon the island and formed an acquaintance with Caliban, and together they, by the nid ot the book, soon discovered the buried staff of my gentle mastci. Thus having power in their hands they sought to work, revenge, butfoitunately ProsDerowus gone Irom the island, and was boyonu their leach. But on me fell their vengeance,, who had inconsiderately stayed , to bid farewell to Jho laughing flowers and streams .which had been alike mine and the fair lady Miranda's playmates. They soi/cd mo in a cow- slip cup, and shut me up 1 in the tree in .which the hideous Sycoiax had betöre imprisoned.me. Long ages as have passed since then, not one'1 of J the descenaams of Caliban and the sea-elf 'but have heaped some fresh persecution upon me, until now I , am condemned to bo the confidant of' all the petty schemes of thenvould-bo diplomatic'niinds of colonial politicians. , O would that but for n day or. |twp I might dwell with a mind of some . calibre, or ' oven that I might again enjoy the quiet < of tho old tree trunk, albeit accompanied with solitude, constraint, and darkness. Would that I could steal away 'the patent book and staff, and place them in the hands of thebewildeiod Speaker of tho noisy Assembly in Macquaric-street ! But it cannot be-0 Ariel, Ariel, j miserable sprite that I am, will there everjbe an i -end ? , i » ' .", .1 Receiving commands a week or two ago "which I dared not disobey, I set out for a certain spot fiô't far from the hillocks yclept Pennant Hills. Down o'n'the ground, beneath a glorious ornnge-tree, I found tho mind which I was to nccompany. And, truly, I somewhat liked the body in which it was enclosed. There was apeifection of slight sinewiness in the frame, as if every muscle was kept at its proper work, -_ careless -¡auntiness and jumpiness of movement} a snappish wit in the slightly sardonic up ward curl of the mouth, a look of incessant watchfulness in the small deep eye, a ready-foi-any thin g air in the oveihanging fringe of rough, defiant of comb and blush, hair which I liked.' T half thought that Oberon had lent him his visage, and magnified it for the occasion I smiled when I saw that he had thiown down, riot far from ! ' him, hat, little black cirpet bag. and rough tea-tree stick. " Oh, so your'e ready," I said; "Well, so _ ami." But ho stamped up and down, and gnawed away at the oranges as if he" was waiting for some ' thing else ; and so I got up on an orange leaf and waited anxiously his lordly pleasure. I hadn't been there long, however, before! felt a touch on my right wing, and, turning round, I found Obersn's prime minister Puck squatted on a great yellow ornnge. '"Hallo!" he said : "you here, my dainty Ariel ? .what do you want with friend F-: " 1 I(told him my mission, ne leered for a moment or ; two, and cried, "No, no, my sweet chick; Oberon hath given to me the charge of him, and I'm to take "bim through brake and through briar after will, o'-the vrisps, and through bogs and mill-ponds after moon- beams and shadows, till he'll be glad to get pafe be- neath the orange trees at B-F-again. 0, rare fun-right royal fun ! " 'Twas not for Caliban to resist the decree of Oberon, and I turned to seek other employment, but not before I saw F- snatch a missive from an approachii g domestic, glance it hui rielly over, crush his hat on his head, stick the bush-stick in his mouth, fling the black bag over his shoulder, and dash off among the trees in a strait line for the ferry. I saw, as he went, that his boots were, one untied, the other loosely knotted with red tape (raie omen that) ' Puck sprang on to his shoulder, and away ho went. My next resting placo w as in Sydney, or rather in one of the subuibs of Sydney, in a dim room at the side of a sofa which groaned with the weight of -. I thought it was Caliban himself, and shuddered. But, on closer , inspection, it seemed more to resemble Stephano's .'delicate monster, or liko two Calibans rolled into one. However, my fate led mc here, and I sighed content. ? ' Presently my new master spoke in a musing tono of 1 8emi-gutterals. " Yes, Nicholas, here is your chanrr ? take a bold stroke, man, and stuke for something worth hi.ving ; ' faint heart never won fair . lady ; ' nor fair place either be sure. So away with modesty man, and assert thino own merit!" And with that hcraiscd up his groaning weight andicached for his hat-What a Falstafiian man ! But I perched on his rosy nose, and MO sojourned forth together. There had been a day or two passed in some passing task for Caliban, ana now when this new master of mine-we will call him ti-had got into Sydney, he .went up one crowded street and down another, up a ' fresh green open street, and ascending the steps of a fine building at the head of the latter, at last rested, panting, in a waiting-room, with me still on his nose " (invisible though !) Presently he was announced, and ?wê stood in the presence of F-,_ who was seated at a . table spread with a dismal confusion of papers. F-," starting up indignantly,, " How dare you ?presume, sir-?" B-, with uplifted deprecating hand, " Now, my dear Mr. F-. will you just listen to me ?" t . F-, with a stamp and a jerk at his hair, " No, you prosy old bore, nor talk to you any more, further than to warn you that if you put your meddlesome finger into my State-pie again I'll, I'll, I'll-." B-, taking advantage of F-'s confusion as to ?what he would do,-" Now, if you would but just listen to reason, and not be so cxttemely touchy-" F -, breaking forth again, " How, in the name of all that is living, did you come to send that impertinent) letter to W-? Did I authorise it, did I give you the slightest right to do it, eh-speak, man, speak-did I, eh?" B-, trembling and rolling towards the door, " Why, no, not exactly; but I thought-" , F-, pulling his hair, stamping, twitching his, mouth, and rolling his eyes all at once, " Get out, Sir, get out, and never dare to show your face here again Go!" B-, making for the door, but looking back-" I am aware of facts, which would- in fact, of the tone of the public mind-that is-" F-, going up to him and laying his hand on his arm-"won't you come and take a seat, and then we can converse more at leisuie r" They came in again arm-in-arm, and commenced a long conversation, which, perhaps, I ought to have listened to, but Puck beckoned to me out of the paper basket, and when I went to him he told me such a. delightfully interesting narrative of the last ball in Fairyland, given on the occasion of the ten thousand and second reconciliation of Oberon and Titiana,_that I heard nothing else until F-*s voice broke in on my pleasure by shouting-" Why, you old babbler, here have I wasted two whole hours of my country's precious time listening to your humdrum yarns. Get Out-do. Here John. Thomas, show this gentleman out, and show him in again at the peril of your places." I jumped on to my master's hatbrim, and we beat an ignominious retreat. _ _,_' ARIEL. FIRE.-On Tuesday morning, about two o'clock, the inhabitants of West Maitland were alarmed by the cry of " fire," which was occasioned by the premises of Mr. G. Trayhurn being enveloped in flames. The property was situated in High- street, next to that large building recently erected by H. H. Hall and Co. The fire was caused through the negligence of a person in charge of the premises, who had lighted a fire for the purpose of smoking some bacon, and then foolishly enough went to bed. He was awoke shortly after by the watchman, who called out to him that the house was on fire. The fire-engine arrived on the spot shortly after the accident, but owing to its being out of order the pumps could not be made to work. The building, in spite of every exertion made to arrest the progress of the flames, was ultimately burned to the ground. We hesitate not to affirm, that had it not been for the perseverance of Mr. Hall and his men, not only would the building ad- joining (the side of which was very much scorched) have met with a similar fate, but many others in their vicinity would have either, been more or less injured. Had the wind been strong at the time of the accident, and blowing in a southerly direction, the damage to property would have been most ruinous,-Northern Times. j.,')' ' 'i'-" '''"," t , ' N !> 