TOPICS OF THE MONTH IN EUROPE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) London, July l8. Our foolscap head begins to tho old wiseacre tale-another month of wonders, one long Miraole Play for one-iiud-thirty days ! Last mail leftua in the middle of .1 w arring war ; this mall finds us in the midst of a piping peace. But -outsort of piping? Not Pandean, but Pando raonino-" the musio of spears, for I'm curst if every noto of it doesn't run through ono," na Jlooro's Mr. Robert 1'udge used to sing, " in tho days of his hot juiith.wlicn George tho Third waa King." But those days weren't half as hot as these ; for the nuiclrsih ei has now jumped hoyond »11 endurance ; tho w ¡ml is a sirocco avhen it blows, and a stiller when it «loos not, simultaneously producing ntpliyti» and 'garotting. Dogs go road for love of wal cr, avhich thoy can't got, and bipods aro twice as lunatic with hydrophobia, occasioned bv terror of the Thames, which is of the consistency of boiled down donkeys, and smells like asafœtida ; while the general aspect of affairs atmospheric is that described by tho leader of Her Majesty's Opposition, in Tan cred as the chronic condition of things meteorologicil in his original Palestine parish settlement- .' A sun of fire in a sky of brass." Yet is this igneous exterior Wenham Lake frigid compared with tho in- ternal caloric produced by tho peace, in flaming our temperature to a temperature which only a feu d'enfer could occasion. Here has Louis Napoleon been and gone and done it ! Done what ? Why, done us—done England, done Mazzini, Kossuth, Garibaldi ; the republicans red, white and grey; done Italy, done France, done tho whole universal airth and the Isle of Wight. How? No body knows how, no body knows why, no body knows where- fore. " Only the devil knows what he means," as Tennyson rhymed without reason six weeks ago ; and it is to be presumed that Lucifer himself has now met his match, and is among tho done ones, if not brown, at least black. The whole thing is the most gigantic Titanic do that evei was heard of-a leviathan of a dodge, a megatherium of a take-in; a be- hemoth of a hoax ; a mastodon of a swindle. Sarve us right, no doubt, for persisting in tho expectancy of figs from thistles-grapes from brambles ; and believing that the conversion of silk purses into sows' ears was the most facile of transmogrifications. But that doesn't diminish tho immensity of juggle at the hands of this enor- mous Cagliostro. Here was tho way of it : Just as c\uuli!P,- was on tho point of boing ( jiis untunted ns everybody in general dcsiicil, indas L. ST. B. has himself said he particularl f \ Mied ; just as the Austrians had been overt h J mod at Solferino, in a battle len times as gi ca* and len timos as disastrous as Magenta ; jm-t i s tho French and Sardinians Irai crossed the ^1111010 in resistless forco, and »ero about to d , 1 (lie nmp de grace to tlio graco less Teutons, behold M. Bonapartee rides forth one fine moring, from his head-quarters at Villafranca , and takes breakfast, to which he had invited himself over-night, with tho young Hapsburg, who was in the dumps and mumps ni Hie lliree threshings ho had already got, bulw.it> determined to stand another, at least, and Imped to de. 1 one in turn upon tho enemy, who hu! nov advanced within tho famous Quadrihtot ni, or square of four of tho strongest inland foi tresses in the world, cadi containing the moan' of holding out a very long lime, according lo nil the preconceived notions of military authorities iu these matters. What thoe old one (and (/ir <">M Omi, Nicholas, for fear of mistake, luis believed to£be) did, or what the ¡oung one did, it i- ii..;iossiblo to say, for no Minister or oth.»r functionary was allowed to bo present ; hut the usiili was, that at tho end of half-a-dozen hours' tête-a-tête between the crowned heads, a telegram from the nephew of iiis uncle told the s ii 1 nephew's wife in Paris, that the nose of his imelo's ghost had been altogothei put out ui joint by tho ultra-Napoleonic speed and splendour of the relative's exploits. Nap. III. announced to nil electrified and intensely shocked world that ho had settled the whole thing in a twinkling; that Austria liad handed over t)i J whole of Lombardy to tho dollie cock, v ho, like tho bird on the dunghill with the pearl, lud tossed it to tho Piedmonteso carrion crow ; that, in return, tho said cock had iccurcd tho double-headed Vienna vulture in tho territory of Venice, and '. all the rich demesnes that thereunto adjacent lio ;" that tho bats and owls and obscene ornithological phenomena who 'had fled from Parma, Modena, and Florence were to be placed on their perches again ; and, finally, that there was to be a grand consolida- tion of all the "thrones, dominations, prin- cipalities, and powers" of tho whole Peninsula 'to bo placed under tho " honorary pre- sidency " of the Sovereign Pontiff tho Pope! Here be a hocus- pocus indeed ! But this is not the half of it. No sooner had tho pair of Impe rialities, who had been desiring to cut each other's throat, come face to face, than, like Canning's Robbers in the Anti-Jacobin, a sudden thought struck them, and they swore an eternal friendship. Yes ! Austria and France are now one-just as France and Russia were before, and as they are still, for, if they were not, tho other crowned pates would be at loggerheads, and would have mutually knocked their reciprocal brains out before they came to their senses, which senses are tho understanding before us. Ono that leaves all sorts of misunderstandings behind. The first of these is the relinquishment of office m the Sardinian King's councils of Count Cavour, the prime mover of the whole democratic agita- tion, which has ended in the establishment of a 1 far deeper despotism than before; for tho first act of Victor Emmanuel on the breaking out of hostilities was, of course, at tho instigation of hs French patron and prompter, to abolish (they call it suspend) the Piedmontese Consti tion, squelch the Press, squash the Parliament, strangle free speech, and, in short, suffocate the whole sub-Alpine kingdom, under a paternal Executive of tho true Parisian cut and colour, with Cayenne facings, and other little incidental adornments en suite. Into Cavour's place has been popped one of those ambiguous, amphibious fellow-adventurers of tho Persigny, and Wal- lewski, and De Morny slump, who always turn uP when there is anything particularly Mephis- tophelean to be done, like familiars at tho beck of Beelzebub, in tales of diable vie. His name is Arese, a Lombardine, who has been all over tho world with this Bonaparte, sharing his hard fare in his hard-up days, and now finding his nest very downily feathered indeed. In his person Sar- dinia is to figure at a Congress presently to be held at Zurich, the other high contracting parties being France and Austria; and by this trio are the destinies of all Italy to be determined. Are none others to be admitted? None, save on business, and none else have business there. Not Russia? No, she is already trebly repre- sented there-by her accomplice, Bonaparte; ty her dupe, Sardinia ; by her victim, Austria. But what does Austria get for be- coming a victim The privilege of being victimised, the privilege that Clarence got to drown himself by the most anti-teetotalic of deaths, in a wine-tub ; the privilege of commit- ting suicide in the least disagreeable manner, To is to stand still with her hands tied behind her back, while her neighbour tho Turk's house is broken open and set fire to after being gutted, and then tho flames to spread to her own : Prox imus ardet Ucalegon. This, you will remember, j you were told here long ago was the real end and object of the war, by the real promoters and contrôlers of the war, and tho real makers of the peace now. Yet it is not even suspected by our solemn wags, who call themselves public in- structors, in virtue of having access to half a ton of type and an ink-pot. The true aim of all tho conspiracy is to make footstool of tho Ottoman, a rug for tho Bear to roll himself in, with collateral advantages, of course, to tho cat's-paw in tho process-such as Egypt, may- hap Malta, not improbably Gibraltar ("arms of precision" have now rendered "impreg- nable"-as un-French a word with Nap. III. as "impossible" was with Nap. I.) and a few other trifles. These would also be the mere whets, preparatory to the grand bonne bouchée the gobbling up of the British Lion itself, body and bones ; and very little bones would have to be made about it. Now, don't turn up your antipodean nose in derision of this, and conclude that the man who so talks must have taken leave of tho small modicum of wits that may have ever belonged to him. Be assured that the derisive stage has alto- gether passed away even here, and that tho most frivolous amongst us contemplate the aspect of the times with visages grave enough to make the fortune of a model undertaker, in having his countenance photographed for funereal posting-bills on backs of advertising hearses and the fronts of cheap cemeteries. In fact, tho brave Bull is in thorough trepidation ; and well he may be. He knows not what to do ; does nothing, and does that badly. What! Isn't there universal arming, calling up militia, laying down new three- deckers, evoking old pen- sioners, fledging verdant cockneys in rifle green ? Doesn't the whole isle resound with "clink of hammer rivetting of armour up?" Pish ! " Chaff | and bran, chaff and bran," as Sir Pandaras tells Cressida after the real warriors have passed over the stage and tho offal come on. Why it is only yesterday that tho Quarterly Review, in an article on " Invasion," terrible enough to be the sudden death of all life- offices, as thinking that they have been reckoning without a host, who may render a very Flemish account of their arithmetic, said, with a truth whose point goes home to every heart, and agonises every brain, that if to-morrow morning there were gazetted to high or responsible com- mand, military or naval, any man in the United Kingdom, it would fill his countrymen with an alarm the like of which our enemies would never experience from the same cause ! Stimulating and sustaining this, at such a moment. Yet it is perfectly, though poignantly, just. Every one knows it; no one denies it-no one can. If so, whoro is the answer to it? Whoro is tho man? Who is he? "Name, name," as they cry in tho House of Commons when they well know there will be no name. Neither will there, because neither can there, be in this ease. In fact any name would be more panic-striking than tho anonymous. Tho best service you can do a man in either of the services is to say nothing about him. He prefers being " conspicuous from his absence," for well he knows that the absence won't be too conspicuous, whereas to bo tangibly obtruded would be ruinous,-such, for instance, as playing "See the conquering hero," when tho fugacious Cardigan ap- pears in sight, the air being excrutiat ingly ironical to" the noble equestrian, though doubtless correspondingly complimentary to his steed, which should be called " Cancer," from ita crab-ward capacity in running backward on Balaclava day. What, then, is the use of having materiel if we have not the mind to im- bue tho inorganic mass with oxydised vitality 1 But have we tho materiel? Nothing of the sort. You read in the newspapers of 100,000 troopa being available in this country ; and of Ministers, oven Ministers of statistical departments, talk- ing of their being available. Yet,what is tho fact? Why, this very day in tho leading journal thero is brought to a close ,a controversy between military officers and othor disputants, and these aro tho closing words of " An Officer Command- ing a Regiment," after showing tho total impos- sibility of bringing together in any ono spot 30,000, viz. :-" Tho public now know this awful fact, that we have nothing worth calling a field force in England. Let them see that their rulers remedy this in time, or, if aught unfortunate should occur, great as will be tho ruin to our people, greater still will be the woe to those -rulers." All very well ; but what is tho use of telling tho people to see that their rulers remedy this? How are they to remedy it ? Tho reviewer already cited, himself engineering officer of great eminence-not Sir John Burgoyne, whoso sarcasms at civi- lian auxiliaries in war are censured severely ; and not Lieut.-Col. Kennedy, whose plan of fortify- ing London is shown to be impossible, or useless, if practicable,-this officer, probably Sir Ilownrd Douglas, whose works on projectiles, &c;, aro standard references on tho Continent, tolls us that if every man in England wero perfectly armed wo should ho wholly unablo to provont tho scizuro of London, and tito destruction of Wool- wich, Chatham, Sheerness, Portsmouth, Ply- mouth, &e.;, if tho Russian and French fleets wero at this moment, or for somo time to come, to unite ; for in that case thero might bo landed in England, with much greater enso than sufficed for their trans- port to tho henrt of Northern Italy, a quarter of a million of men, to whoso progress all tho ro sistanco that could ho offored on shore would hardly amount to a " teasing," much loss to an effectual counteraction ; for there has never yet been an instance, on a great scale, of guerilla troops, no matter what their bravery, seriously incommoding tho advance of thoroughly dis- ciplined troops, properly led. So much for an old sober professional's demolition of all tho balderdash about smashing the parley-vous, crumpling up tho frog-eaters, and tlio rest of the hysterical gibberish tho news- papers overflow with, or rather used to overflow with-for that tide of trash is ebbing very fast, and the rocks and shoals of the situation that monaco tho ship of tho State are confronting us with grim rigidity. Tho writer in question ad- dresses thinking men, men competent to think, aud ho asks thom to begin to think at once of the necessity of forming a great rallying-point in the centre of England, in tho neighbourhood of Birmingham, where there s a vast focus of canal and railway appliances, and there con- centrai in an entrenched camp tho resisting forco of tho nation after tho capital shall have fallen, for that he treats as a thing of course. Nor is he the only person of professional acumen who so treats it. Tho mnst marvellous thing in tho world is to see tho unanimity of viow on this point adopted by those who differ on all othor points. lloro, for cxample, are tho Edinburgh and Quarterly Reviews- iho north and south poles of politics-issued tho samo day. Thero is an article, or rathor a trentise, in each on this one all-dominant topic of the Defences,-a topic, be it observed, which not merely involves tho defences, as such, hut tho whole foreign policy on which tho defence element is itself mainly dependent. Yet so entirely of ac- cord is ino sentiment and tho treatment, that ono article might bo perused within tho pages of tho other periodical,. without begetting tho slightest suspicion that the traditional antecedents of tho publication had been Infringed upon or departed from, nay, if there be a difference it is this-i that whereas the oíd Tory Quarterly, over ram- pant for tho glory of England, scoffing and scorning all foreigners in general, and the French and their gasconade especially, now croaks forth in tho most dismal tones that we are wholly at the mercy of the mysterious man across the water, who has built up fleets that would for ever extinguish Britannia as a ruler of the waves, in a crack ; while the equally old Whig Edinburgh, while echoing the same strain in somewhat bated accents, cries out for "ships, sailors, sol- diers, guns, blunderbusses, trumpets, drums, and thunder," and especially money, without stint -in a style precisely such as it used to ridicule in its early days of Holland House Napoleomaniacs when those sages applauded the escape from Elba, and foretold that Belgium would be tho grave of the Duke's Peninsular fame and of tho only English army. These be, indeed, phenomena most portentous as to the change comingover the spirit of tho British dreamers of dreams about that widest awake' of Naps. Take tho final passage of tho Quarterly's homily, and loam from it what must be the spirit of tho whole per- formance, which, mind you, is not declamatory or rhetorical, but a closely-reasoned piece of figure work from official data and Ministerial admissions -admissions of both , Cabinets, viz.-" Unless every citizen will now arm himself or assist his neighbour to do so ; unless every servant of the State will apply his whole energies to see how the danger may best be met ; and unless every statesman will forget all minor differences of opinion, and apply his whole power to prepare for tho great struggle, it may happen that the last spark of liberty that exists in Europe may be trodden out, and the British name be lost from among those of the great nations of the earth in a catastrophe such as has not appalled tho world since tho downfall of the Roman Empire." Three months ago-one month ago ; nay, one week ago -this would have been thought unduly strong for tho occasion ; now it is all too weak. There is no Austria. What is left of her is French, and France is a man of subterranean plots and mid- night surprises ; his very name the synonym of hatred of England; the aim, end, and object of his life, tho purpose of his being, as he himself has declared, and as all know, and all are now begin- ning to feel-tho avengement of Waterloo. Nor is this tone of alarm confined merely to times, places, and topics that apparently court its expression. It crops up everywhere, and in the most undisguised form ; though accompanied with a good deal of disclaimer of the vory animus that prompts it, and a good deal of complimen- tary qualifications as to motives and intentions. Thus, for instance, in tho speech of Lord Derby, on Saturday night, at tho banquet to him and Disraeli by the whole Conservative body, at the Merchant Taylor's Hall, for the length of an hour ho kept eulogising Bonaparte, but expressing his disgust and dismay of Bonapartism, which latter simply means in its only remaining unfulfilled phase, subjugation of England. At that dinner, the Emperor's old bill- discounting, out-at-elbow, needy, seedy, weedy, quondam crony, tho Judean leader of the Church and State party in these blessed realms of ours, said never a word on this ticklish point of the magnanimity of his Imperial friend. He has left off that sort of talk ; and» indeed, to do him justice, he never indulged much in it, either when in office before or lately, beyond a passing flourish to round a period, such as - " puissant Prince," " sagacious Sovereign,'' and tho like-young England euphemism. But this very marked avoidance of all allusion to tho great matter of the moment, and tho great man. of the hour on an oçça-' sion of this nature, is singularly noteworthy, being much the most' prominent feature in his speech-" conspicuous from its absence," as tho slang of the journal wordmongers runs now, since Lord John used it on the city hustings, and set all the pedagogue pedants cracking Crispin's head nnd their own as to whether it is right or wrong, sense or nonsense Still more conspicuoua from ita absence was Malmesbury's avoidance of nil mention of the Emperor. The noble Harris, as you are aware, had long monopolised His Ma- jesty, regarded him as tho private property of the Derby Cabinet, and affected to have invented tho , entente cordiale. It is true that Palmerston re- cognised and applauded the coup d'état the moment it was a fait accompli ; some say that ho was accomplice to it before it was so; but he got kicked out by order of tho Queen for his procipi fancy,returning tho compliment shortly afterwards to Lord John ; and ovorybody knows what boa followed since, though nobody can imagine what , is going to follow now. Both he and Lord John nrothoroughly snubbed by the Emperor, or,rather, taken no notice of whatever, as though there 'was no such place as England, which, diplomatically speaking, there is not : it is not even a geogra- phical expression ; and if it tries to give utter anco to the fact of its not being so, thero ia no saying how it may or may not bo cuffed into taci- turnity, or buffeted into shrieks of impotence. Our now Foreign Secretary's predicament is piteous to behold-anxious to swell with impor- tance, but terrified lest he should expand beyond the limits of the prudential into the region of tho provocative. When asked on Friday night what waa tho meaning of tho treaty botween Austria and France, he admitted that ho had not the least idea; that the British Minister at Paris couldn't learn, for only tho Emperor know any- thing about it, and as ho hadn't returned [he is back now], it was impossible to obtain, and con- sequently to impart information. And then the poor little man proceeded to say that he hoped wo might not bo called upon to consider any treaty that might be derogatory to the interest, tho honour, or tho liberties of what?-Italy? oh dear, no; but England.' Why, he might as well talk of the honour, the interest, or the liberties of Timbuctoo ; and the African potentate, who, when himself and his population of eight subjects had dined, rose and said that now all the kings of tho earth might go to dinner as soon as they pleased, had just as much warrant for his i magnanimity as our Foreign Secretary', Lord John, for his hopefulness. England is alone in tho world at this .moment, never was so tho- roughly isolated, and never had a thousandth part tho same cause to dread this desti- tution of friends. Austria is not only swept off tho board as an antagonist to France, but is now a potent instrument in the hands of France for coercing any portion of Germany that may attempt to counteract French designs anywhere, while Prussia is an equal tool in tho hands of Russia, which is a confederate with Franco in tho division of universal dominion bet« eon thom, as tlio recasting of tlio map of tho East, not for- getting its influence on tho ovoiland route to Australia, will soon make apparent, And, ajj»»o»oi of that, thoro Í3 Bomothbjg which, whilo immcjliately concorning you, furnishes fur- ther proof that thoro is nothing accidental now going on in "any part of the world j Utiit all is tho result of long-laid deep design hy tho two grand schemers, the Czar and Bonaparte;, and that when tho hour shall have struck for them to strike, it will be a Briarecan-handed blow of doom at a hundred different feei of British in- terests together. In ono of the quarterlies just referred to, there is a paper on tho Feejee Islands, which some people are now endeavouring to pro vail upon our Government to accept, partly for cotton-growing, partly for political purposes, os a naval station auxiliary to the protection of tho Panama route and of our commerce in tho Pa- cific. It ia said "tho increase of tho navy of Franco, has kept pace with tho additions to hor territory (tho acquisition of tho New Hebrides.) Her squadron, in tho Pacific, when augmented by tho five ships employed in Cochin Ohina, would amount to fourteen or fifteen armed vessels. Her commerce in tho Pacific is but trifling, and few of hor merchant-vessels visit Western Polynesia. We cannot, therefore, con ceive that so large an armament can be required for her trade or settlements, more especially when one frigate of 26 guns and four smaller vessels are all tho British Government has provided for the protection of English trade and tho English colonies of New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, Adelaide, Victoria, Queen's Land, and New Zealand. No difficulty need be apprehended as long as the entente cordiale continues ; but theso movements point to ulterior objects. In tho contingency of war, to which M. Pigoant, a French authority on'theso matters, adverls, tho existence of a largo armament in proximity to our Australian colonies, and" in tho lines of our trado with the Asiatic Archipelago, might (might ! pleasing hypothesis 1) crcato considerable embarrassment. England lias hitherto shown no inclination to acquire- possessions in the South Seas. Bub the events of tho lost fow years havo altered tho relation of theso islands to the rest of the world, and'theso altered rela- tions may demand n , change of policy. Though our Australian colonies mako tlio in- terests wo havo at stake iii that region greater than those of any other Power, wo havo as yet no centra of influonco or depot of commorco in tho Pacific j no halting ot reoruiting station for any of tho postal linos tliat will soon traverso thoso waters." i Soon traverso thoso waters. How soon ? Tho Panama is again postponed! After seven tendera had boen sont in, in compliance with the Admiralty and Ttoasury invitation, somo of them known to bo at a very low figure, and by most compotont and responsible contractors, tho wholo rationale of contracts is suddenly re- mitted to a select committee, appointed at tho instance of the Chancellor of tho Exchequer, who is at this moment making his budget speech, and terrifying his hearers with allusions tojnew taxes, and tho probability of renewing the Glad- stone-denounced income,one. This committoo is a consequence of certain alleged scandals per- petrated by the lato Governmont in giving to Galway and to Dover mail contraots on extrava- gant terms for electioneering puiposes. Capt. R. Towns, of tho Sydney Legislature, who is tho Ufo and soul.of the Panama agitation, ably assisted by Mr.E.Moroweathor, tho Now SouthjWales agont, sont hither for the promotion of this enterprise, havo waited on tho different Government func- tionaries, pointing out tho exceptional charac- ter of this important postal piojoct, the interminable delays that have attended it, tho contumely tho colonies havo experienced in tho endless talk of the homo functionaries concern- ing their anxiety for it, and the soizuro of every petty pretext to put it off and off, and for ovor off, regardless of tho intorosts involved, and tho anxiotiesawakened,'and tho opprobrium to the cha- racter of tho Imperial Executive itself, as tho most capricious, self-contradictory, childish, self-stulti- fying, and unbusinesslike administrativo body to bo found probably in tho wido world, without any exception whotovor. But all to no purposo. Red tapo, which has over been in a condition of clironic ontanglomont, had now had its Gordian knot cut, and resolved to go straight hencoforthv It is truo 'that Panama was in an exceptional position, but the exception must be used, as proving tho -propriety of tho new rulo just laid down, and accordingly to tho Committee tho tenders must go. Nothing daunted by this cir cumlofcutionary decreo, Captain Towns and Mr. Slbroweathef aro now obtaining-Texteraivo and influential signatures from all parts of tho coun- try td Lord Palmerston, as First Lord ef tho Treasury, praying him to prevent tins mockery, for such it is, as half tho witnesses required to provo any caso whatever cannot be hoard beforo the Committoo the short remainder of this session ; thero can bo no . rcpoi t mado, and, if thoro could, it is impossible it should be acted upon, especially as severn! M.P.'s havo already deelaicd their intention to treat it as a nullity, hecauso of the composition of tho Committoo, the groat majority of whom have mado up their minds beforehand to a particular course respecting certain points to bo submitted, particularly as regards Galway, and aro now about to go through tho very Hibernian process of hearing ovideueo after judgment, on tho safo principle that it can dono harm. When the session may terminate is quito uncortain, and equally so whether thoro will bo another boforo Christmas. Everything goes by tho rulo of contrary, and when appearances aro particularly promising as to affairs taking a cer- tain cuiront, tho dilutees are a thousand to ono that thoy will rush off in an opposite direc- tion, with tho proverbial porcino tondonoy of tho bristly animal always to placo his hoad where his tail ought to bo; or, rather, always to placo his tail wlioro his mnstor thinks his head should bo. Everything depends on Louis Napoleon, and what ho depends on posseth knowledgo of al! peoplo on earth, whatever thoso below tho eartli may know about it. Every day wo aro ex- pecting, and therein at lonst wo can hardly ho disappointed, tidings of volcanio human and in- human eruptions all over Italy. Already they havo begun in Naples, where tho new King is shooting down his old guard, tlio Switzer«, by tho hundred ; and what further battues may ensue thero and right up to Berne itsolf, and thonco to tho Rhino, tho Rliono, and all ovor tho Continent, honoycombed as it is now with doublo disaffection and distrust, because of this stupendous duplox betrayal of tho conspirator of Ham, tho brigand of Boulogno, the bandit of Strasburg none can pretend to conjecturo. AU wo can do is, to put our trust in God and koop our powder dry ; thiugh tho powder doesn't pre- miso to be of much use, as it is neoded to shoot round a corner, for no ono knows at whom or at what to tako aim, or at whom or at what any othor marksman is firing. TIITJ HOUAVES.-The successes which havo i often attendod tho French Zounvca in their brilliant fcata of amis uto, thero can ho littlo doubt, principally owing to their careful training. The Paris correspondent of a contemporary describes tho institution of Joinvillo, which conflues itself entirely to tho instruction of gymnastics, ami othor bodily exor- cises, whether imparting strength, skill, oi-graco. " Tho perfection of the Zouave no longer asto- nishes, and wo cannot wonder at the clumsy in- feriority of tho British soldier, from whom huch instruction as imparted at Joinvillo is wholly withheld, and who consequently knows only horn to present himself beforo tho onomy, and hangs back with awkward boshfumess when usheved suddenly into tho company of friends. Hero wo have broazed and bearded warriors who bave stormed the heights of Alma» nnd rushed on Malakoff, competing togethsr for an " accessit" in, fencing, boxing, single stick, and even elancing and music. Tho spectacle was a moat astonishing one, so unlike was it to- the British idea of a military education. Tko men danced upon wires, ran along ropes, re I bounding- like clastic balls from one rope to another, running up ladders of enormous height, thon bc-undlng to earth with tho agility of squirrels. But tho crowning aud most exciting portion of the whole was the mock attack of tho redoubt, at which the men placed outsido tho broad fosao arrive with the battlo-axo and gun Blunrr across tho ahouleicr. The trumpet sounds the assault, and in two minutes' timo tho redoubt is entered, and a volley fired from tho interior, in spite of the great height of tho walls and the resistance opposed from within. This_ new system of training should be examined, as it may teach the secret of that self-endurance which has enabled the Zouaves to usurp tho reputation of the whole French army. Agility, prcsenco of mind, promptitude of hand and eye,-are moro cnUlva;tc.d than, strength, or discipline.." 