LATEST WAR AND ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. (From the London Correspondent of the Sydney , Morning Herald.) London, 20th May, 1850 When the French and English invaded the Crimea. the world expected that they would capture Sebastopol at the point of the bayonet, and the popular belief of their valour fell because they won the fortress by physical endurance rather than by pitched battle—by the spade rather than the rifle A similar feeling exists at this moment relative to the war now raging in Italy. The Austrians not having captured Turin at a run, are pronounced ' slow,' and the Emperor Louis Napoleon is reduced to the rank of the nephew of his uncle, because he has not already thrust the Austrians out of Piedmont. Now, there are three ways by which the French can advance. First of all, there is the road from Turin, along the north bank of the Po by way of Vercilli and Norvara ; by this route both the Sesia and Ticino must be crossed in the face of a powerful foe. The second route in that which, starting from Casale, must be , pursued by Mortara and Vigevane. In this« course however, three rivers must be crossed — either the Po at Fransinetto, or the Sesia at its junction with the Po, and both the Agnona and the Tivino. Then there is a third road — the road by which Napoleon Bonaparte marched on his first advance on Milan. It may be said to commence either at Alexandria or Novi, crosses the vast plains of Marengo, through Voghers, over the Po at Pavia, and so on to Milan. This is the shortest and most direct road. It is also the most interesting from its military associations, because under Napoleon the Austrians were defeated both at Montebello and Marengo, and because at Pavia a whole French army under Francis 1, was routed and captured by Charles V. But it is also apparently the most difficult. it would be difficult to cross the Po : and it would be no easy matter to besiege either Pavia or Piacenza. In the latter place is an entrenched camp large enough to hold an army. With Piacenza unsubdued, the allies could not advance to Milan, except at the imminent hazard of having their communications cut off. In the present conditions of the northern part of Italy, however, there are inexhaustible opportunities for strategy. From the most ancient times it has been the field on which the greatest commanders hare exhibited their genius, and from which they have studied their destructive science. On both sides of the Ticino there are railways and telegraphs — appliances unknown till within a few years. On both sides of the river are fortresses more thoroughly armed and more comprehensively planned than ever; and, to complete the picture, on both sides of the river are armies far more numerous, if not far better, than any which modem history can treat of. In every respect, therefore, the ineviubie contest it pregnant with great events. The capture of Milan would of itself be sufficient for a maiden campaign like that of Louis Napoleon; but, however formidable the position of the allies would thereby be rendered. Austria would not be subdued. Beyond Milan lies her strength— her great fortresses of Mantua and Peschiera on the Mincio and Verona and Legnano on the Adige; a railway uniting the two former to Venice, a branch line uniting Mantua with Verona, and a railway just completed, which, starting in the very heart of the Tyrol, runs on the east bank of the Adige to Verona also. Into this quadrang1e of defences, there- fore, the Austrians would be driven by the loss of their capital ; but to expel them from thence is a task to which at present no general of the allied armies can fairly be deemed equal. One great advantage which the first Napoleon possessed was a free passage for his troops over the Simplon, but this route is not available to the allies, except by an infraction of Swiss neutrality. As a substitute for this, however, the sea is their own, and already there are reports of some mysterious expedition, which Prince Napoleon is to conduct to some unknown spot. However, it is fair to presume that the Emperor has not entrusted him with any critical portion of his anti-Austrian enterprise. Ambition has impelled him personally to lead the undertaking, and, with a vast and not unequal force, he proceeds boldly to his vaunted task of Austrian expulsion. Austrian expulsion, however, means something more than depriving her of Lombardy. It means a direct assault of her territories in the German Confederation: and the question therefore arises— Will Germany, will Europe, consent thereto? It may happen, indeed. and there are symptoms that already the war is beginning to spread. The resignation of Count Buol as Austrian Foreign Minister is a significant event. The appointment of Count Rechberg as his successor is still more significant. The Ticino was crossed, —as it was said, in defiance of Count Buol's advice, and now this statement seems to have been the true one. Prince Joseph could brook no longer delay; and having rushed impetuously into the conflict, the moderate counsellor has been sacrificed. No one can read the language of the Prussian Regent, no one can remember the vast military preparations of Germany, without coming to the conclusion that the moment the Austrian portion of the German confederation is touched, at that moment Germany will decend into the arena. The formation of a French army on the Rhine shows that Louis Napoleon is alive to the danger. While, therefore he is assuming the position of his uncle on the Po, Palindar is to be the modern Moreau on the Rhine. That he will be charged with Moreau's duties is more than probable; that he will exhibit Moreau's genius is quite another matter. In the debate in the Prussian Chamber on a bill for supplies to place the army on a war footing, M. de Vincke, in an animated speech, denounced the conduct of Louis Napoleon : adding, as to all probability Prussia it will have to stand side by side with Austria on the field of battle, the sooner the dis- approval by the Government of the policy of Austria was dropped the better. M. Simson declared that he had no sympathy whatever for the present Government of France. It was the interest of Germany to support Austria, M. Berger said the policy or Prussia was not neutrality, but armed mediation. Forty millions of dollars were voted amid great applause. The neutrality proclamation of the Queen, instead of pacifying the mercantile interest, has only thrown it into a state of doubt and confusion. People want to know whether it is intended to prohibit the exportation of coals and provisions to France, Sardinia, and Austria? To deprive English vessels alive of the power of contracting with the French Government, would be simply to hand over the trade to other powers. If coals and provisions, shipped for France or Sardinia under present circumstances, are contraband of war, their export must be prohibited altogether in British and foreign ships alike. To prohibit export of the articles mentioned is a direct blow at France and Sardinia— seeing that they are large buyers in English ports— Sir William Armstrong has rather lengthily explained some of the features of his celebrated guns, but with considerable skill. Whilst correcting the mistakes of those writers who professed to reveal his secrets, he has managed, on all the important points of his invention, to leave the world as much in the dark as before. This proceeding is marked by consummate ability. When a secret has been partially probed. there is little use in denying ascertained facts, or in endeavouring to put the public on a false scent. By acknowledging just as much as the public has found out, adding a few generalities, and revealing an unimportant detail or two, you get a great credit for candour, the public are satisfied, and inquiries are stopped. Of course, French and Russian artilleries not one whit wiser after Sir William Armstrong's speech than before. The new Parliament is now as complete as it an be until the committee of inquiry shall have weeded from the list of representatives those who have obtained their seats by corrupt practices. The, Government have had an unexpected gain in Irish counties, and the gross re- turns give a total gain to the Ministry of twenty-four, leaving the state of parties thus— Liberals, 351 ; Con- servatives. 301 ; majority against Lord Derby, 51, Mr. Fagan, the recently re- elected member for Cork, died before all the Irish elections were terminated, and a second contest has already begun. Vincent Canning has been gazetted an earl; and Lord Elphinstone, an English baron. Mr. Charles Greville has resigned the office of Clerk of the Council, and will be succeeded by Lord Robert Cecil, while Mr. Stuart Worsley, re n jected of the West Riding of Yorkshire, will come in for the seat vacated by his lordship at Stamford. Last week, Sir John Lawrence was invested with the star of Knight Grand Cross of the Bath. Major General Franks, of Indian renown, and Sir John Young, recently Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands, were submitted as Knights Commanders. Mr. Charles Dickens has succeeded in purchasing the copyright of "House- hold Words." The biddings commenced at £500, and from £1000 they were between Mr. Dickens and Messrs. Bradbury and Evans, his late publishers. Ultimately, Mr. Dickens was victorious at a cosst; of £3 559, and 'Household Words' are to be merged into 'All the Year Round.' Prussia is preparing herself for all possible eventualities, although both the Regent himself and the members of the Diet have, for the most part, been singularly vague in their allusions to the policy which she may ultimately feel called upon to adopt. Prussia," says the Prince Regent, "is revolved to maintain the bases of international law and the balance of power in Europe. It is her right and her duty to provide for the Safety and the defence of the national interests of Germany. She will not relinquish her guardianship over these governments. Prussia expects that all the German Confederates will stand firmly by her side in the solution of mistakes, and will place confidence in her desire to act for the common country." If there is nothing in this to lend to the supposition that Prussia contemplates the immediate abandonment of her present position, "not of neutrality, but of armed meditation." there is much to justify the inference that 'she contemplates at least the possibility of being called upon to take part in the war 'in the interests of international law and of the balance of power in Europe." The minor German powers can hardly restrain their people 'from hurrying south to join Austria. In the debate in the Prussian Chamber, M de Vincke, who was enthusiastically cheered, had pronounced that Prussia ought to arm to the teeth," as he thought the war in Italy was only the first act in the drama, and that the other« will be played on the Rhine, then in England, then in Russia, and that while Belgium, Holland, and Switzerland would stand by Prussia if England, Prussia's ally in the seven years' war, hesitated to do so again, the ghost of C'hatham would rise to warn her. It is understood, however,that an English note to the Confederation at Frankfort intimates that, if the German powers interfere with the war in Italy, the ports of Germany, if subjected to a French blockade cannot be assisted by England. There can indeed be no doubt that, if the Emperor of the French should venture on this desperate game beyond a certain point, he wi!l find the whole of Germany confederated and arrayed against him ; whether the certainly of this will in any manner restrain him it is not very easy to foretell. Russia is reported to be making certain military movements, which, to say the least of them, look ominous. The Emperor, it is said, has already given orders that five corps d' armee shall be placed immediately upon a war footing, with the whole of the artillery and cavalry belonging to each, and in addition to this we are informed that ''the reserve are to be called in, and all soldiers on furlough to rejoin their colours, to march within three months.' This may mean little, or may mean much. It may mean "preparation," or it may mean simple 'precaution;" but we confess we do not like the look of it. Russia might very easily have carried out her engagement with France to places an array of observation on her German frontier, without calling in her reserves or placing so large a body of troops upon a war footing ; and. in spite of diplomatic awareness, we can severely divest ourselves of the idea that there it still something in the back ground— some ulterior object, if not some covert understanding— which it does not suit her present purpose to discuss. At all events it will be quite as well to keep a sharp look-out, for we know from experience that both Russia and France are only too apt to say one thing when they mean another. A witness spoke several times during his trial about occurrences during his birth, when a surly judge interrupted him : —"You mean to say that you can relate occurrences at the time of your birth, from your own recollection?" The laugh was turned against the judge, as the witness replied :—"Why, Sir I cannot say that I remember every particular, but I can assure you that I was there." General Havelock was a wit as well as a warror. Tbe follwing is the despatch by which he conveyed the intelligence of his last success in India to the Governor-General. ' Dear General.—Let all our past misfortunes be forgotten, for I am in Lucknow, Yours, Havelock." This is nearly as good as Sir Charles Napier's famous despatch announcing the capture of Scinde:— ' Pepcavi" — ? I have sinned." They both, doubtless once served in the Punjab. Lord Baxfurd was an eccentric Scotch ieh judge with a bad tempered wife. His butler determined to leave, because Lady Baxford was scolding him. "Why, exclaimed the judge ye've little to complain of; ye may be thunkful ye're not married to her." With all his defects of voice and manner, you are sure to have much to interest you in one of Sir B. Lytton's elaborate orations. You have certainly a great deal to get over before you come to the enjoyment of his speeehes. His appearance is not happy : his eye or countenance seldom brightens when he is speaking; he gives no evidence of spontaneity ; and he sways back- wards and forwards with a heavy regularity which is unpleasant to witness. MAN WANTS BUT LITTLE"—A young spark quotes Goldsmith to the effect that "man wants but little here below. In proof we give the list of daily wants:—A bottle of soda water the first thing in the morning, a clean shirt, and breakfast— tea, toast, sardines and boiled ham—served up with the newspaper. A cigar with. cold brandy and water. The loss of five pounds. Lunch with sherry, Dinner with champagne. Tea served up with a ticket for the opera (with manager's compliments). Invitation to supper. Last though not least, a cab or a policemen, which brings us to the soda- water again. But the poor fellow cannot always have his daily wants supplied . Would you know the reason why? Because he has no cash, no friends, and nothing to do; and if he had he wouldn't do it. Four Good Habits—There were four good habits a wise man earnestly recommended in his council, and which he considered to be eventually ---- for the management of temporal ------; and these are punctuality accuracy, steadiness, and despatch. Without the first of these, time is wasted; without the second mistakes the most hurtful to and that of others, may be committed; without the third, nothing can be well done; and, with as the fourth, opportunities of great advantage lost, which it is impossible to recall. : ? ImM 