SMS Jarrett's garage. Poor or A Hri<ri.«ss Oon BACHELOR. of always know a helpless old bachelor (says a clever lady by looking at the corners of his pocket he hankerchief. If I notice in them any little pieces of red, blue, or yellow wonted sell as washerwomen run in to identify the property of each separate customer-I know at once that he has no one at home to court his linen, and that he must be a poor, pitiful, misanthropical, friendless,li9lp!easold bachelor Punch's Almanac. BRICKS to BREKKS An English lady, who was lately teaching at one of the Sunday school in liivernanB, explained at home length the construction of the 'LVnierot Habel, mentioning among; other thing' that the building was made of bricks. With so much stone at their d s rs bricks are not much used in building in that neighbourhood, and the teacher's pronounciation of the word was new to the pupil-. On examining the class at next meeting, the children were asked " What was the Tower of Babel made of?" "'trousers, mara!" was the ready answer. AT HER WIT'S END. Cooper, in his novel of the " Deor*«la\ei,'' makes some sport of a parcel of red Iiid'ansspccuhiting over a chess figure in the shape of an elephant, which they described as a beauty with two tails. The incident really occurred in the case of an Irish set runs at a country IIOJSO in Pennsylvania. A menagerie came along that way, and the elephant |jr<*«e»teit himself at the gate." The mistress of the house sent the servant forward with a fee of a bout of bread. The help" walked once or twice the length of the animal, and returned with the local. " Why haven't you given it to the elephant?' " Sure," says she, .' and which sad shall I give it to?" A REASON -A. beautiful brunette said her brown complexion was Owing to her being so often toasted. NIAGARA EciiirsED -" Well, Mr. Miller, said a Yankee proudly, to a travelling Scot, as they stood by the Falls of Niagara, Is not that wonderful ? In your country you never saw anything like that, !" " Like that," quoth Sawney '. there's a far mair wonderful concerning two miles fracvdiar 1 was born." _ "Indeed!" exclaimed Jonathan, with an air of aiiijeipilioui scepticism; and pray that kind of concern may it he?'' "Why'man," replied baw ney ; *. it's a peacock with wooden log ?" Tan COHTRADICTJRV FEX A young girl at a haul wishes (he could have two birthdays in every way; as she grows up she wishes that she had but one birth- day in every two years! Punch's Almanac "NOT 83 VKIIT GOREN. A green looking chap, from the Green Mountain State, went over the line and on to Montreal, " to lookro«/id a leetle,-' Going into a large and handsome dry goods store, his verdancy attracted the attention of the proprietor, who attempted to quiz him ; but unhappily having an nn-p-p-p-cdime.it in his speech he had to give it up, and his head clerk came forward to speak for him. 'the clerk tieyon : " Mr. Bull wishes to know if you can tell him why Balaam's ass spoke?" " WV al, " said Jonathan. "I rather guess how that Balaam was a stuttering' man and hisses had to speak for him!" President Buchanan said a few days ago whilst riding in an omnibus, and being seated between two) ladies, he felt like a stove in a hogshead nui rounded by slept. A QUEsTION run THE UsrAirL SEX. No doubt there is room enough in the world for men and women, but it may he a serious question whether the latter are not taken up more than their share of it. The galvano-plaslio art has been suggested as available for the coppering of ships by the means (if the enormous basin of solution of sulphate of j copper-thus without nails or revets, sheathing a Viholo vessel at once.- Builder. . '\ Ma," said little Wilhelmau, "I don't think Solomon was M) rich as they say he was" "Why, my dear," said her astonished me. "Because he slept with his fathers and I think if he had been so very rich he would have had a bed of his own." EXEMPLARY HORSES -We never met but with one instance in which that admirable quality we required in quadrupeds. It was in an advertisement which ran thus unwanted, a man to look after a pair of coach-horses, of sober habits," Ac- The chess-board of Life. BEHAVIOUR IN THE BALLROOM. Do not, for the purpose of creating a sensation, accompany the musicians by a performance on your chin. It is a mark of vulgarity. If a dispute arises respecting priority of" engagement to a partner, never offer to "go the old man" for her Punch's Almanac. Ah" old miser, who was notoriously parsimonious, being ill, was obliged reluctantly to consult a doctor. " What shall I do for my head and said the old man ; it's so dizzy I seem to see double." The doctor wrote a press ition and retired. The recipe ran thus when you see double you will find relief if you count your money." THE LANGUAGE OF LADIES. Plain is the strongest word in the feminine vocabulary to express will looks. Some think it mild, but it is powerfully though delicately expressive. That which is plain is conspicuous. It means therefore, remarkably ugly. A lady never calls a bulldog plain, or a baboon. That would be too severe. Punch's Almanac. UKQRAMMATIOAI- LOVE.-" My dearest Maria," wrote a half educated, but quite affectionate, recently married husband to his wife, a strong minded woman, with some acquaintance with Lindley Murray. She wrote him back, " Dearest, let me correct either your grammar or your morals. You address me I My dearest Maria ' Am I to suppose you have other « dear Maria's?'" WiM OF Mr FiARti of PEMBROKE -I give an deer to the Earl of Salisbury, who I know will preserve them, because he denied the Kin;,' a buck out of his own parks Item. I give nothing to Lord Say; which legacy I give him because I know he will bestow it on the door-step. To Tom May I give five shillings : I intended him more; but whoever bus soon his History of the Parliament, thinks five shillings too much.- Item, I give Lieutenant-General Cromwell one hour of mine, because hitherto he has never kept his own -Item. I give up the ghost. A RAILWAY COLLISIONS Hivr TO STATION- MASTERS Porter: "Now, then, Bill! are you off" Cab Rum in "Now what sort of fire is is" Porter Single Gent, with small bag." \---Kunian! "Oh, Ac, won't do! Can't you find us a old lady and two little girls with lots o' boxes ? I'm good for a pint?"-Punch. ? A PLEASANT CHRISTMAS Box The pleasantest of Christmas boxes must be a jury box, that contains a disagreeable Jury, who cannot, or will not, agree, and who, consequently, are looked up all night, and all the next day. It must be vastly pleasant to pass one's Christmas-day in a cheer ess room without fire, food, plum-pudding, cigars, songs or friends 'Punch. THE BRITISH JURYMAN ParrARis'C FOR THE WORST. Wife his tissue: There, my love, I think with what you have had, and this box of concentrated luncheon, you may hold out against any of 'em F Punch. SMART, FOR THE EASTERN ConsTiBB - Old Lady ; " Oh. you had boy ! where did you got all that Holly from? Don't you know your cute claim enjoins you to keep your hands from picking and stealing ?" Boy, "Yes, 'sir, and 'your tongue from evil Spenkin,' Lyta', end Blanderin,' tow !"-»PUNC/Í. 