CHRISTMAS AMUSEMENTS. How many faces lowered as did the clouds— how many children, young and old, grumbled at the weather authorities on Sunday morning last ! And yet from all information which we have been able to collect from the most diverse sources, we question whether a merrier Christmas was ever known in Bathurst, since the great festival was first celebrated here somr two or three score years ago by a handful of white men among the now seldom seen aborigines. The holy season had been ushered in by the sweet sounds of vocal harmony, for at a very early hour on Sunday morning the Choir of All Saints' Church might have been heard "walking the echoes " with their joyous carols, announcing the "glad tidings of great joy," and right pleasantly were the sweet sounds wafted over the town on the mid- night breeze. Large and attentive congregations filled the various places of worship, and at the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches, the services for the day were performed with more tthan the usual solemnity. Considerable apprehen- sions were entertained that Boxing Day would prove still more inclement thann its predecessor, and that the hopes of the holiday seekers would be destined to be disappointed. The gloomy character of the weather on Christmas Day, moreover, had only whetted an appetite for pleasure on the following day, and when, early in the morning, the sun put in a most satisfac- tory appeaance, accompanied by an almost cloudless sky, and a pleasant breeze, people were fully prepared to appreciate him. The delight which must have filled the mind of the respected lady who is supposed to be visited by the ghost of the late lamented Mr. Giles Scroggins, on her awaking and finding that " it's all a dream," can have been as nothing when compared with the intense gratification of hundreds of Bathurst- onians, who had retired to rest with very gloomy forebodings of the morrow, when the morning of Boxing Day turned out bright, and beautiful, with just sufficient, sunshine to raise a glow within the heart, and keep it simmering without boiling over The chief amusement of the day was, of course, the picnic, whether in connexion with the Races, or at various spots at a greater distance from the town, for there was a Temperance pic-nic at White Rock, and there were pic-nics at which a somewhat less austere regimen was observed, as far as the potables were concerned, on the banks of the Macquarie, and all were very numerously attended. The consensus universalis with which persons of every grade and claas seek the pleasures of their holiday in out-door excursions and amusements, affords a somewhat remarkable contrast to the perverse spirit of veneration to the customs of his fore- fathers which the genuine Anglo-Saxon generally exhibits. As naturally as " the old folks at home" betake themselves to the cozy fireside, the evening dance, blind man's buff, and snap- dragon, so do the good people of Australia pack up their edibles and potables and seek some " cool, secluded spot," wherein to enjoy the revels to which the season has been dedicated from time immemorial. As the weather was favourable, there can be little doubt that Boxing Day was not unpleasantly, — let us hope, not altogother unprofltably — spent by the many who for the nonce threw business to the dogs, and devoted a few hours to relaxation. The Races attracted a very large concourse of spectators, and the sport was altogether of a very superior character. Several booths for the sale of refresh- ments were erected on the ground, and the new Grand Stand, for the accommodation of visitors, was the nucleus of a large number of persons during the day. This structure, although only of a temporary character, is very substantial, and reflecls great credit on the public spirit of the Messrs. Ashworth, who have supplied this great desideratum as a matter of private speculation, which, we can hardly doubt, will prove amply remunerative at the March Meeting, since ladies can now obtain a capital unobstructed view of the greater portion of the course, protected from " days garish eye," and unexposed to the annoy- ances to which the fair occupunts of vehicles are necessarily obnoxious. The sport, as we have already stated, was very good. For the Christmas Box of twenty sovereigns with a sweepstakes of one sovereign each, three horses were entered, Fireball, Mosstrooper, and Little John ; Fireball had it all his own way, taking both heats, and being held in throughout by his rider, Jemmy Ashworth, and Mosstrooper was second in both heats. In the second race, for the Holiday Maiden Stakes of 10 sovereigns, with a sweepstakes of 10s. each, the Doctor and Lilla, in the first round, ran a dead heat, — time, one minute and fifteen seconds —a splen- did race, and there can be little doubt that, but for his having lost ground in trying to secure the inside running, the Doctor would have come in the winner. In the second heat the Doctor and Lilla were held back, and the Dustman came in first, without any effort. In the third race, Lilla did not start, and the sport lay between the Dustman and the Doctor; the latter coming in a good second. A Hurry Skurry race for a saddle, which followed, called forth no less than ten competitors, and together with the Beaten Stakes, was well contested. We may add that the conduct of the Judge, Stewards and Clerk of the Course gave very general satisfaction. With the exception of an accident which occurred to Mr. A. Flanagan, of this town, which, however, we are happy to learn, is not likely to entail any serious injury, we heard of no casualties of a fatal or even painful nature. The attraction of that novel entertainment to the Bathurstonians— a Christmas Pantomime,— at the Prince of Wales Theatre, or as it is now termed, Macgowan's Lyceum, drew together the largest audience pro- bably ever witnessed in the memory of that very respectable individual, the oldest inhabitant, within the walls of that temple of Thespis. Every part of the theatre, even the orchestra, was crowded literally to suffocation, (for so great was the heat that several persons were removed, from the buildfng in a state of asphyxia), and the reception given to the piece proved that the thorough Christmas spirit of enjoyment prevailed to the utmost. The performances commenced with Coleman's capital comedy of the "Un- finished Gentleman," which was rendered very creditably by all the performers ; Messrs. Mac- gowan and Coleman being, of course, facile principes. The Pantomime, (which we may remark, par parenthese was most successful, and for tho first night of performance, went very smoothly, in fact without a single hitch, and was received throughout with never-tiring plaudits) is founded on the well- known burlesque of Bom- bastes Furioso, and is, of course, one of those absurdities which are not to be judged by any rules of dramatic art. Dramatis Personæ who are always involving themselves in ridiculous comrplications, giving utterance to jokes and per- petrating puns good and bad ; hits at the men and manners of the day ; virtuous people and villains, fools and fairies, songs, dances, trans- formations and scenic effects make up a complete jumble of incongruities, which the critic ought by every canon of his craft to condemn, but at which people who go in for amusement will laugh in spite of him, and which, after all, is entitled to his respect as a time-honoured " institution" of the old country. If you attempted to describe the plot, even if you can discover it, it will appear very silly. If you put the puns into print, nothing can be demonstrably more absurd. Yet the audience— children both young and old — are amused and merry — the jokes serve their purpose — they provoke laughter, and what more do we look for in a Christmas pantomime ? The author does not sit down to write a high-art drama, and the andiences do not go to witness it in a Shakesperian mood. On the whole, as we have already stated, the Pantomime was pro- bably far more successful than any piece of the kind that has ever been put upon the provincial stage in these Colonies. The broader effects were most pleasantly diversified by the very graceful dancing of Mrs. Macgowan and Miss Griffiths who made her debut before a Bathurst audience on this occasion, and was received with marked favour. Mr. Macgowan made a first rate Clown, and was ably seconded by Mr. Cole- man as Harlequin, and Mr. Laurence as Panta- loon. The costumes were especially good and tasteful, the various tricks worked admirably, and told well upon the audience, to a large majority of whom the very idea of a Pantomime must have been " something new and strange. " THe performers in the introductory extravaganza are also entitled to our laudations, and we must not forgot to accord our meed of praise to the scenery, which comprised, among other subjects, fac similes of the well-known loci in quo of seve- ral of our fellow-citizens, and elicited great applause from the audience. In spite of all the drawbacks incidental to a first performance, and the difficulty which the management must have experienced in getting it up so efficiently, the piece went off very successfully, and will in all probability, afford great amusement to a long succession of holiday audiences during the coming fortnight. At the fall of the curtain, Mr. Macgowan appeared, in obedience to the most enthuisiatic cries, and delivered a short but very effective speech, in which he expressed his deep acknowledgments to the public for the generous patronage vouchsafed to him since his arrival in this town, and especially on this occa- sion, and his gratification that he, a quondam Bathurst boy, should have been the first person to introduce to their notice that time-honoured offsping of the dramatic art, a Christmas pan- tomime. Mr. Macgowan also, with much grace and feeling, offered his thanks to the ladies and gentlemen of the Company who had assisted so materiaIly by their individual efforts in the suc- cess of the piece, and retired amidst long con- tinued cheers. Yesterday evening, in spite of the very inclement weather, the Theatre was weII filled, and the Pantomime went oven better than on the previous night. This evening the favourite musical comedietta of " The Loan of a Lover" will be repeated, the part of Gertrude being taken by Miss Griffiths, to be followed by the Pantomime. PRESBYTERIAN SCHOOL. — The examination of the children of this school, previous to the Christ- mas holidays, took place at the newly-erected School house in the Square on Thursday last, andl was attended by the Rev. J. B. Laughton and other friends. About sixty children were pre- sent, and passed the ordeal very satisfactorily, after which prizes were distributed to the most meritorious candidates. ACCIDENT — On Monday last, an accident which in the first instance gave rise to the most painful apprehensions, occurred to Mr A. Flana- gan, the well-known butcher of this town, upon the Race-course. It appears that Mr. Flanagan, in company with two or three fiends, was gallop- ping at a rapid rate up the course, when his horse suddenly swerved, and brought him in con- tact with a post, (which, curiously enough, hadl been the scene of another accident on Saturday last,) and he immediately lost his seat. The horse shortly aftewards threw him, and he fell heavily to the ground. Assistance was imme- diately procured, but he remained insensible for some time, and his face became much discoloured. Dr. Machattie was speedily summoned, restora- tives were administered, and after some time Mr. Flanagan became conscious of what was passing around him. He was then carried home to town, and we are happy in being able to add that he is doing well and that there is every prospect of his speedy restoration to health. MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT. — It is with sincere regret, that we have received intelligence of the death of the Revd. J. Troughton, the pastor of the Anglican Church at Hartley, on Friday evening last. It appears that the reverend gentleman, in the pursuit of his ministerial duties, had occasion to cross a small creek, a tributary of the Rivrer Lett, which had risen very rapidly, in consequence of the storm of that morning. It was attempted to dissuade him from trying to cross it, but unfortunately, being anxious to return to his family, he ventured into the swollen stream. His horse immediately lost his footing, upsetting its rider, who was carried a considerable distance down the current, and all attempts to assist the iil-fated gentleman proved fruitless. His body was found some time afterwards, and was interred on Sunday last. This very melancholy event has cast a deep gloom oveer Hartley, where the deceased clergyman was greatly beloved and respected. THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. — During the storm of Friday last, we understand that no fewer than eight of the telegraph posts were struck by the eectric fluid, about five miles from this town, and the largest portion of them were literally reduced to match-wood. During yes- terday men were employed placing additional posts up to the Court House, where the Office will be situated and we are informed that mes- sages have already been transmitted, from hence to the Metropolis, by way of testing the line, which will be opened on the 2nd proximo. WEST MACQUARIE ELECTION-. — Mr. Henry Mort took the oath and his seat as member for West Macquarie, on Friday last, immediately before the adjournment of the Legislative As- sembly for the Christmas Vacation. DARING BURGLARIOUS ATTEMPT. — On Tues- day morning about 2o'clock a.m. a most audaci- ous attempt at burglary was committed on the premises of Mrs. Dunsford, by a man named Alexander Young. It appears that Mrs. Duns- ford was absent from home, but M. Perret, who was sleeping in the house, was awoke by the con- tinued barking of dojs, and went round to the yard, where he found a man standing on a win- dowsill, through which he was attempting to effect an entry into the house. On perceiving M. Perret, the ruffian immediately attacked him with a brass candlestick which he had in his hand, and the blow was warded off by M. Perret with a life preserver, which he luckily carried with him. A scuffle ensued, in which the fellow knocked M. Perret down, and held him there un- til his cries aroused Mr. Clarke, who occupies the adjoining house, and on his arrival, by their joint efforts, Young was secured and taken to the Watch House, and the same morning was con- demned to 12 months' hard labour on the roads. SKELETON KEYS. — On Friday last a groom in the employ of Mr. Crawley, innkeeper of Durham-street, Bathurst, found in the brick- work of a water closet, upon his employer's premises, a bunch of skeleton keys and a large socket chisel, evidently laid by for a convenient opportunity of finding employment for them. As, from the above fact, it is tolerably clear that Bathurst is not altogether free from persons designing mischief, we would strongly urge upon the inhabitants of our good town the propriety of using bolts as well as locks for the security of their habitations. THE AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB. — Some dis- satisfaction having been expressed with the scale of weights adopted lately for the Champion race of 1860 (to be run at Randwick in September next), the Jockey Club met on Monday last, and appointed a committee to prepare a sliding scale on the model of that framed in England by Admiral Rous— scale fixing the weights to be carried over various distances, and during each and every month of the year. This committee met yesterday, and decided upon a scale which, it is believed, will give general safisfaction to the breeders and owners, inasmuch as it will have the effect of putting young horses fairly on a par, extra weight being awarded for each month that any animal may be over the age of two, three, four, or five years respectively. The scale will, of course, have to receive the assent of the club before coming into effect, but should it be confirmed, the Champion weights for 1860 will be as follows: — two years olds, feather; three year olds, 6st. ; four years olds, 8st. 7lbs. ; five years olds, 9st. 4lb. ; six years and aged, 9st; 8lb. The club further decided at the meeting above mentioned that an additional effort should be made in aid of forming and completing the Randwick course, and authorised the committee, to make a call, if necessary, of £10 to £15 on each of the guarantees given. THE MUTINOUS CONDUCT OF THE GREAT EASTERN. — On Tuesday morning, an application was made to Mr. Justice Byles, the vacation judge, at chambers, by Mr. Nash, for a writ of certiorari, to bring up the conviction of Francis Johnson, who was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, in Dorchester Gaol, for refusal to clean the decks on the Sabbath, and for a writ of habeus corpus to bring up the prisoner. He submitted various objections to the conviction on the face of it, and also that the refusal to work on the Sabbath was not an offence, being within the prohibited work specified in the statute of Charles. After some discussion, his lordship granted orders for the writs, in order that the questions might be solemnly argued. 