District News THE OPENING OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, SHELLHARBOR. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] This Church was opened on Sabbath last. The Rev S. T. M'Kenzie preached both morning and afternoon to a full congregation. The collections made for liquidating the debt on the Church Society came up to the sum anti- cipated. On Wednesday, a service was held, and a tea meeting afterwards took place, according to notice. Great fears were entertained that disappointment would be caused by the weather, for two days previously we had very boister- ous weather and the appearance of Wednesday morning was anything but prepossessing, — Yet, in spite of ap- pearances, the Rev. Dr. Mackay was at his post, and preached in the morning a very appropriate and im- pressive sermon, from Judges ii. 10, to a numerous con- gregation. Immediately after the morning service, the congregation proceeded to the School House and partook of a repast which did ample justice to the kindness of those ladies who furnished it. After the inner man had been well replenished, the company repaired again to the church. George Hewlet, Esq., was voted to the chair, who opened the meeting by briefly adverting to its object, and then called upon the Secretary to read the report. The report being read— , The Rev. J. Kinross moved the following resolution, viz., — "While this meeting recognises the preaching of the Gospel, and the worshiping of God in purity and truth, to be the great object which a Christian congre- gation ought ever to keep in view; it is at the same time of opinion, that a comfortable and commodious edifice tends greatly to promote the comfort of a congregation, and to advance the high interests for which the visible church exists; and that, therefore, christians do well to provide suitable places of worship. The Rev. gentleman said that in order to preach the Gospel in purity and truth, it was important that we should ever bear in mind that the design of religious services was to promote the glory of God. It was a great matter to have a suitable place of worship, but it is also of the utmost importance that we should ever bear in mind the great end for which churches were built. A church may be built and a min- ister appointed, and all necessary officers obtained, but, in this, the end was not secured. It is too frequently the case that the error is fallen into, that the end is obtained when only the means are secured. It was, how- ever, generally a safe rule to act upon, to judge of the end to be obtained by the manner in which attention was given to the external matters of the church. If they found that, in a neighbourhood capable of building an elegant place of worship, that there was not one at all, they might safely conclude, that, there was indiflerence to the cause of religion. They ought to be able to wait upon God without distraction of mind, He did not think that a congregation should be satisfied either with merely a convenient place, just like a box — so many feet square. They should have an eye to taste and beauty. The Rev. gentleman then related the following aneccdote : —The eminent Dr. Guthrie, who has a showey church in Edinburgh, once met a lady of his congrega- tion in the street, who took him to task on the subject. "Was it consistent" she enquired, "to spend so large a sum of money on the erection and decoration of a building, when the money, if devoted to the cause of Missions, might be productive of so much good." The Dr. listened for some time in silence, when, noticing that tlhe lady had on an expensive silk dress, he replied, "do you not think, madam, it is equally wrong to spend so much money on dress, when the same sum would have purchased so many Bibles." The Rev. gentleman concluded his address by an earnest appeal to his audience not to separate until the debt upon the church was cleared off. Mr. Irving, in rising to second the motion, said that he was fully sensible that it was to tho preaching of a pure gospel that we were indebted for the many civil, social, and religious advantages which we enjoyed. He considered that the church, in which they were assembled, was a meritorious undertaking. Not that there was any merit in the sight of God; nevertheless, due praise should be awarded to the people for putting forth such an effort. He characterised it a wonderful effort, and said that it put Kiama to the blush. He hoped that it would stimulate them to go and do likewise. Not a little pleas ing was the fact he gathered from the secretary's report, viz , the unanimity of the people in the undertaking. This unanimity was displayed by all sects. He admired the neat and comfortable appearance of the edifice, and thought that useless ornament, whether in churches or individuals, should be decried. The resolution being put to the meeling, was carried unanimously. D. L. Waugh, Esq., J P., moved— "That the meeting, in general, and the Church Building Committee in par- ticular, desire to record an expression of thankfulnes to God, that, under his guidance and providential care, such a convenient and comfortable church has been erected and completed in this rising and important township, and that this meeting resolves to make an effort, on this oc- casion, by a contribution, to clear off the comparatively small amount of debt still on the building." He said that he had the gratification of addressing the last meet- ing which was held in the mill, for the purpose of accom- plishing this desirable object, and now he felt much greater gratification in addressing the present meeting, because the object had been accomplished; he had been connected with erection of many buildings, and said, from his experience in these matters, that great credit will due to the Building Committee. It shewed very proper sense, too, that they ascribed that means, not to themselves, but unto God. Decidedly they had then an example before them, provoking to good works. Here will be a standing example to them when they were lag- ging behind. He considered that the church had been built at a very reasonable cost, and trusted that the re- maining small debt would be at once cleared off. It was always a depressing circumstance to be in debt. His motto was to "owe no man any thing." The Rev. Dr. Mackay seconded the motion, and said that there were reasons why he should not let the present opportunity escape without giving his opinion upon church economies. His own opinion was, that the church should be the best house in town or neighborhood. This, with him, was not a mere matter of sentiment. Though the ritual of the old Testament differed from their own, and, although the exact pattern of the Tabernacle was shewn to Moses, he did not think that because no such pattern was given under the Christian dispensation, that because we had no commands in the new Testament as to the character of our ecclesiastical edifices — that the prin- ciple was set forth in the new Testament that we were to go backward in the adoption of what was elegant and tasteful in the architecture of our places of worship in the same proportion that the Jews had gone forward. The rev. Dr. made mention of the beauty of the temple at Jerusalem. Allusion had been made to the uselessness of superfluous ornaments in churches and in dress. His opinion was that, in spite of fault finding in this matter, that beauty and taste in the architecture of places of worship would still continue, and that ladies would still continue to wear silk dresses; and he did not think they did very wrong in either. The rev. gentleman then urged the necessity of respectability and cleanliness in the persons of those who attended Sabbath Worship. He felt perfectly satisfied with the church, and thought it was the best home in the town; but trusted that such an impetus would be given to architectural improvement, that the church would soon no longer occupy the proud position of the best building; but that, in order to maintain the supremacy in this matter, that a still hand- somer edifice would have to be built. [The rev. Dr. much amused his audience by giving them an account of his past experience of church accommodation at Shoalhaven.] He asked to be shewn the church. It was pointed out to him, but he could not see it, and was annoyed when, at last, he understood it to be a miserable slab structure — he almost lost his temper on viewing it. He considered the matter of church architecture to be rather a matter of Chris tian taste than Christian principle. But after the filling up of the architecture, the obtaining God's blessing on the word preached in it was the principle thing. The rev. Dr. then urged, most eloquently and forcibly upon his hearers, the necessity of freeing the church from debt, and said that the longer a duty was delayed, the more difficult the performance of it became. If the debt was not at once cleared off, it would haunt the people like a ghost. When he saw so many respectable faces be- fore him, he felt convinced that there could be no diffi- culty in the matter. Suppose they all gave one pound each, it would clear the whole, which after all was but a trifle — only £60,— this certainly could not bankrupt them. Carried nem. con. The Rev. H. McKail then proceeded to make the col- lection, after urging upon the people to exercise the ghost. The Rev. G. Charter, of Wollongong, moved the fol- lowing resolution : — "This meeting devoutly and grate- fully acknowledging the gracious dealings of God in these days with the churches, especially in the land of our fathers, and on the continent of North America, in the remarkable revival of the godliness within their borders, and in the large accessions to their numbers of such as shall be saved — -sincerely desires to cherish the hope, and to be now fre- quent and earnest in beleiving prayer, that of His infi- nite mercy our covenant God may speedily send us a re- freshing rain of reviving and converting grace, so as to change our dry and barren land into a fruitful field." The Rev. gentleman eloquently and forcibly shewed the results that ought to follow the erection of the material edifice, and made some most excellent remarks upon the revivals now taking place in Scotland and Ireland, and attributed it to the fault of christians that similar results were not experienced in this colony. W. Moles, Esq , J.P., in seconding the motion, said what at first seemed somewhat to startle his audience, viz., that it had been a long time his opinion that the time would soon come when they would not require so many churches, and fewer pulpits would be in requisition. In explanation he said that he thought that a tendency to greater unanimity was being evinced among professors and bigotry was fast passing away. Christians would be more united, and thus, worship might be held in each others churches, and ministers of different denominations might occupy the same pulpits. The union of all sects in the effort to raise the present edifice, was a proof that the line of demarcation was becoming fainter. The motion on being put to the meeting was carried nem con. The money collected was then counted; the result was not very satisfactory, only £22 10s., having been col- lected. The Rev. H. McKail said, that a ghost had been left which would most assuredly haunt them. He was deter- mined that no one should leave the house till the ghost had been driven away. He forthwith proceeded to lock the door and seenre the audience after the manner of juries. The rev. gent stated that there was a discrepancy in the amount of the actual debt.. The collection of last Sabbath had not been taken into account, nor the pro- ceeds of the tea meeting of this day. Taking these items into account, the actual debt was not more than £14. This announcement gave great satisfaction, as their now seemed to be some chance of having the door unlocked. Mr Russell came out nobly and put his name down for £10, Mr W. Graham handed in a pound note, and the remaining sum was gathered in about one minute. I heard it whispered that it was the fear of being confined all night in the Church, which operated upon the liberality of Mr Russell; but I do believe that it was another instance of the working of that generosity and liberality for which that gentleman is remarkable. Besides acting the part of a useful and energetic committeeman, he has given more abundantly of his substance towards the building fund than any other individual. Mr James moved "That the thanks of this meeting be given to the mothers and daughters in Israel, for the sumptuous and excellent entertainment so hand- somely provided for the company, and also to the stewards and others in aiding them." Mr James eulogised the kindness and generosity of the ladies for so amply providing for the material wants of the audience. He said he could not give a better proof of the abundance of the supply than that conveyed in a remark of Mr Rus- sell, vis., that, after all had enough, there was so much left that he thought it would be well to stay a week in the township to assist in eating it. Seconded by Mr. Colville, and carried with accla- mation. Mr James McGill moved, "That the thanks of the meeting be given to the gentlemen who have spoken, for their excellent addresses on this occasion." Mr McGill very appropriately spoke of the courage of the Rev D. Mackay in persevering in the face of so much difficulty— riding all the way from Sydney in the face of the southern blast — so as not to disappoint the people here on that day. He (Mr. McGill) eulogised the fos- tering care and great efforts made by the Rev. H. Mc Kail, in accomplishing the erection of the church. Mr. R. Hall briefly seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Waugh having taken the chair, a vote of thanks was proposed by the Rev H. McKail to the Chairman, for his excellent conduct in the chair. The reverend gentleman said that Mr Hewlet had shown himself a great frtend to the undertaking from its commencement. It was Mr. H. who had headed the subscription list, by which he shewed an example which had been very bene- ficial in its results in the matter of collecting. The reverend speaker had always found Mr. Hewlett to be a forward friend to such undertakings as the present. Seconded by Mr. W. Irving, and carried by accla- mation. After a prayer had been offered up by the Rev George Charter, the meeting separated, evidently well pleased with the satisfactory results of the day's proceedings. The Mount Keira Tramway Bill — A reference to the Parliamentary proceedings will inform our readers that a petition has been presented to the Assembly by C T. Smith, Esq., J..P., against the passing of the above Bill. We are not in a position to publish the petition to day, but we can state that the following is a concise ab- stract of the allegations and prayer of the said petition. Petitioner states the tramroad will pass through his land, and, by intersecting five streets, running through his property, render almost valueless to petitioner fifty or sixty town allotments. Petitioner also states it would not be a public benefit; that it would materially injure the interests of the town; as the streets through which it is proposed to carry it will ultimately be the centre of the township. The petitioner prays that he may be heard at the Bar of the House against the Bill. Accord- ing to the regular course, this petition will be referred to the Select Committee now sitting on the Bill, which Committee's proceedings are now awaiting the report of Captain Martindale on the effect the project will have on public interests concerned. Mr Smith will be entitled to appear personally, or by a barristor or attorney, before the Committee. Should he object to the Report, on motion being made for its adoption, his prayer to be heard at the Bar will then come before the House for its decision. We will return to this matter at a more fitting season. NEW TRADER. — On Friday last, the Nowra schooner, the property of the I. S. N. Co., arrived at Wollongong, under the command of that old servant of the Company's, Captain R. M'Cue. This is the Nowra'a first trip in this trade. It is intended to confine her to the carrying of coal from Wollongong to Sydney, for which she is well adapted, drawing but little water, and carrying 60 tons of coal. CRICKET.-- We would draw the attention of the mem- bers of the lllawarra Cricket Club to the fact that a meet- ing will be held this evening to make arrangements either for a match with the Campbelltown Club, which has been challenged, or else, should that challenge not have been accepted, to arrange for a match on Boxing-day between the members of the Club. We hope the Campbelltownites will accept the challenge thrown down to them by the lllawarra cricketers. We may mention that the Camp- belltown cricketers defeated those of Campen with eight wickets to go down, the other day. The fielding of the winners is spoken of as far superior to that of the defeated, and their bowling also. This shows the necessity of prac- tice on the part of our cricketers, to enable them to sus- tain the credit of the district. SETTLED DISTRICT LEASES AT SHOALHAVEN. - The leases for one year, commencing on the 1st January next, for the undermentioned portions of land will be put up to auction on the 10th January next, at the Crown Lands' Office, Shoalhaven, at the upset price of £1 per acre ot 640 acres: - Abstract No. Lot. Area 989 1 640, Camden, Shoalhaven River 999 2 640, do., do. 991 3 640, do, do. 992 4 640, St. Vincent, between Narriga and Tianjara. 993 5 640 do. do. do. 994 6 640, do, do. do. 995 7 640, do. do. do. Consecration of New St. Michael's Church The erection of this Church having been completed, it will be consumated by the Bishop of Sydney on Thursday next, the 15th instant, at 11 o'clock' in the forenoon; after which his Lordship will preach, and in the evening the Dean of Sydney will also preach. WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.—Yesterday, the Rev. John Egglestone preached in the Wesleyan Chapel, Wollongong, in behalf of the above object. The Services were in every way gratifiying and successful. This Even- ing a public meeting will be he;d in the same place, in furtherance of the cause of Missions; and also at Mar- shall Mount, to-morrow evening ; and at Dapto on Wed- nesday evening. SUDDEN DEATH At Maquarie River — From a report of a magstorial enquiry in the Kiama Examiner, held on Wednesday Iast, on the body of John Fuller, a sawyer, by W. Moles, Esq., J.P, we glean the following particu- lars. John Thompson deposed that, on Wednesday, he and deceased were engaged sawing together, when de- ceased got off the pit and went into the bush to ease him- self; waited for him some time, and then went to him, and found lying him on the ground dead; he had not complained of suffering pain, although he had not been strong for sometime. Mary Fuller, wife of deceased, stated that her husband had been complaining of palpitation of the heart for some years, but more particular for the Iast eighteen months, and for the last three months of a hoarseness and loss of voice; was not aware of any in- jury received from any person ; did not hear him say that he had received any injury from anyone. David Thomas, labourer, stated that the deceased, John Fuller, was com- ing with him from Jamberoo, on Monday or Tuesday last,, when they came up to a man named Samuel Hockey, at Ritchie's Creek, who was lying apparently drunk; wit- ness got off his horse, and dragged Hockey to the side of the road, where they left him; said Samuel Hockey over- took them shortly after, and he and the deceased had a dispute, and Hockey made a blow at him, but could not swear whether he hit him; Fuller then struck at Hockey; both used their hands in stricking at each other; Fuller and Hockey dismounted, and Hockey pushed Fuller down, when they had a scuffle, Fuller being underneath; Fuller got the better of Hockey, and got him under, and gave him several blows. Dr. Charles examined the body of the deceased, and did not perceive any external marks of injury whatever; from the evidence he believed death to have been caused by disease of the heart or one of the large arteries. It was from natural causes. — Verdict, died from natural causes. Death from Bursting a Blood Vessel. — William Gollen, who has been ailing for some time past, and was in the employ of Mr Bradney, at Jamberoo, died very suddenly on Monday last. Whilst in the act of stooping the deceased fell, and blood flowed copiously from his mouth, indicating that he had burst a blood vessel. A magisterial enquiry was held on the body by Mr Fry on Tuesday. FIRE— On Saturday morning last Dr. Hamilton had just got up small rick of hay, when, by some unknown accident, it took fire, and burst forth with great fury, threatening destruction to his dwelling- house, which would have been the case but for the kindly aid given by the workmen of Thomas Chapman, Esq., who promptly put forth their exertions to distinguish the flames. There was about a ton and a half of hay burnt. — Examiner of Saturday. 