SMYTHE'S CREEK MINING. There was some exciting news cir- culated on Monday from the neighbor- hood of the Black Hill, the report being that a prospect of 3 0z of gold to the tin dish had been found. Several of the share sharks went over to the new El dorado. At Brown's some stir was created by the prospect of 10 oz being got on the bottom of a shaft by my old friend Mr Budgen and his party, at Budgen's Flat. It is a general opinion that the old lead has been struck, but very little good this discovery will do in consequence of the extended area of the prospectors' claim. The report from the North Britain is, that dividends varying from £30 to £40 a week are made. I have heard it said that a proposal of £400 per man, made for the purchase of the rights of the present company, has been refused. The Victory and Gordon companies have given up. The Ladies' Company continue to do well, dividing £100 per month. The next two claims continue at work, but with what re- rult I do not know. The engine of the Better Late than Never has been removed, and I understand that of the Banner of War has been sold, for which they got £550. The Brown's United Miners' Company have com- menced operations. The Hand in Hand (lease)Company have had a first rate prospect, and were offered a very good price for their interest, how much, and whether it will he accepted, I am not able to state. The Beaumont (lease) Company have got their engine under steam and have commenced work. The Great Western Company's dividend has been very low for a long time till about a fortnight ago, when an improvement took place, the last week's dividend being £4 per share. The Great Eastern continues to pay about £8 and £10 per week. The Grand Junction and Perseverance Companies receive good wages. The Surprise and Morning Light, on the old Warren's Lead, are putting up their engines, and will be ready in a few days to go to work in the shafts. The Pioneer Company do not com- plain of their prospect since they have entered the new gutter. The Hiber- nian continue to quarrel one with the other. The Young Pioneer does not seem to be over prosperous. The El Dorado Company have given up the ghost, and a new company has been formed, who intend sinking on the surveyed street. Up the Creek things are very quiet. The Smythesdale Company have been swamped out for more than a fortnight. I understand that there are several parties prospecting in a radius of three miles from the township, some for alluvial diggings and others for quartz reefs, so in all probability I shall have something worth while to communicate to you shortly.— Dispatch. NEW INSOLVENT.— John Hawthorn, Burnt Bridge, near Ballarat, laborer, debts £43 10s 8d. ; assets 10s. Deficiency £43 0s 8d. Causes of insolvency — Pressure of creditors and fear of imprisonment. Mr Courtney, official assignee. BENEVOLENT ASYLUM MONTHLY KETURN. — Remaining at last return, 59 ; since enter- tained 13 ; discharged during the month, 16 ; remaining at the end of the month, 56. Total number relieved during the month, 71 — at a cost of £121 17s 6d. STEPHEN COOPER, Secretary. STRANGE VISITORS AT DENILIQUIN.— Although the hordes of grasshoppers, locusts, and caterpillars are fast disappearing from amongst us, they have left us some token of remembrance. They have swept away most of our gardens, and have ravaged the scanty supply of grass left us by the hot winds. Their appearance, close upon the thousands of hawks, evidently shows that there is some great change going on from the southward, from whence they seem to migrate, We shall be glad to see the last of them. Pastoral Times. 