Oîle iryïmcE ^lorntnö jttjeralD« WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1859. THE. positive announcement in the Morning Chronicle that Moreton Bay has been erected into a new colony, and that Sir George F. Bowen has been appointed the first Governor, would almost warrant the belief that this long anticipated change is at hand. Still, consider- ing that the Law Officers of the Crown warned the Home Government of the impropriety of giving that separation without some Parliamentary Act for the adjustment of the debt, we can scarcely think that the affair is so nearly arranged. For two or three years past we have received by almost every post, assurances that the thing was all but done, and a series of names have been given as of persons to whom would be entrusted the Government of the new colony. These statements have often been given apparently upon high authority, and have sometimes professed to be communications direct from the Colonial Office. Yet month after month, and year after year have passed away without the realization of such promises. We are therefore not quite so convinced as many that the separation is finally determined. Of course on many accounts it is desirable that Moreton Bay should be separated from this colony. There are doubtless inconveniences connected with the Government of a distant place, and unfortunately the time is past for the application of remedies which were within the power of the Legislature, and which might have deferred for a long time a separation, upon the whole disastrous. The only use of referring to these circumstances is to notice the warning they give, because there are other parts of the colony whose interests and wants are equally unrepresented. It is necessary that self-government should be more extended, and that means should be found to commit to hands appointed by the inhabitants themselves the management of their own affairs. Unless this be done we shall find an outcry for separation, arising in other quarters, and certainly not less deserving of regard. There are questions connected with the separation of Moreton Bay deeply interesting to this country. We have incurred-that is, the entire representative body-a very considerable debt. For that debt the entire territory is responsible. It is the object of the patriots of Moreton Bay to throw as much as possible the burden upon the residuary colony-to go scot free from all mistakes of the past, and to carry with them all the advantages which they have derived from their neighbourhood to this country, which has supplied a large proportion of their population and nearly all their capital. It is useless to look to people so situated for anything like justice. They have a moral system of their own, and would consider themselves not only fortunate but virtuous in shirking their fair proportion of the burdens which they jointly incurred, and carrying off the greater portion of the territory. It will come to pass, then, that in default of means of paying the public creditor by our present resources, levy taxes must be imposed, or the public faith violated. It is in this form that the question will come home to the inhabitants of the middle district and the people of Sydney. It will bring them up standing, and they will have to determine some day once and for all whether they will pay new taxes or incur the odium of insolvency. It is our duty at once to protest against such a partition of the debt as shall throw an unfair burden upon New South Wales. But there is a still higher question, and that is, the disposal of the territory itself-where is the line to be drawn ? If, according to the demands of some exorbitant persons the Colonial Office shall draw the line at the 30th parallel, then it will be the duty of our Parliament to enter a protest and to declare that the burden of the debt and the disgrace of its non- payment must fall upon the British authority, which has consented to an act so tyrannical. If the principle is to be permitted-if an ex- traneous power is to interfere and to withdraw from the residuary colony its resources, to what extent is this separation to be carried ? We may see, and, probably, shall see, one after another, degrees of latitude stripped from the territory of New South Wales, while the debt will be moved back by the civil authority, and lie with increasing pressure upon the residuary population. Are we to submit to this without remonstrance ? To support the credit of the country, and to fulfil its engagements there is no amount of taxation to which we would not submit, but when the British Government interferes and wrest from us the territory, and the revenue connected with it, derived either by the Customs or the sale of lands-it seems absurd that we should submit to bear the pressure of the debt, or that we should delay to take such measures as will bring the public creditor at the door of the Parliament of England, and compel the Ministers, after violating public faith, to redress the wrong. We may be told indeed that the Ministers of this colony have consented to a certain arrangement ! We have been told already that they entered into a " compact" with the members of the north, and that the scheme to which they gave their sanction was the price they paid for the political support which retained them their I seats. Will the new Parliament consent to ratify these bargains ? Will the members who have been chosen to represent the interests of the colony at large, especially those who will have to pay the debt, pass over in silence past transactions in reference to the subject ? We all remember that precious bill which was brought into the House professedly to make an equitable settlement of the debt. We all know with what facility it went through its first stages ; how it was maintained and defended, and we all know with what ignominy it was scouted at last. It matters but little into whose pockets the salaries allotted to our Government officials may fall.. The squabbles of party are of slight consequence to the people, but it is of immense moment to know whether, while we are in danger of losing the most valuable of our territory, we are to have thrown back upon us the full pressure of the debt. Î We are not going to question the power of the Crown, or the authority of the Imperial Parliament. It is doubtless all regular and simple for the Crown to take away the territory and for the Parliament to impose the debt, but we have at least the right of protest- ing. We have at least the claim to set ourselves right with the public creditor-to put before those who have entrusted the whole colony with their money, upon the faith of the British Government, the change which will transpire in the nature of their securities. It will be for them to represent their claims when the mischief has been done. It would be madness to suppose that any violent exercise of the prerogative, or any arbitrary interference of Parliament, binds the colony to quiet submission that the individuals who compose the colonial community, are to be personally responsible to the public creditor. We long ago stated our case. If the Ministers have not chosen to listen, we have no doubt we shall find cars more attentive in the Parliament which is shortly to assemble, which will at least pay some regard to the claims of the people whom they are expected to tax. The jealousy which has revealed itself among that class of men, who lately appropriated to themselves the distinction of " Liberal," is just what might have been expected. Almost every man of mark connected with the nominee Government, or eminent among its supporters, has disappeared from the stage. They have not been rejected : they have retired. When they contested the most popular constituencies such as Sydney and Cumberland-they were returned by triumphant majorities. The administration of Government through a long series of years had collected about them considerable odium and enmity. But they had in the country many warm friends, and we doubt if it would ever have been possible to have deprived them of influence in the Government of this country had they not themselves grown weary of combat, and, satisfied or worn out, retired from the scene. It is a delusion to suppose that these men were the advocates of any abstract theory of Government. It served the purpose of the times to call them Tories and to ascribe to them some organised system of tyranny, but in fact their political position was the growth of a peculiar form of colonisation, and while they adhered together from official necessity in the first instance, and afterwards from habit they did not concur in any scheme of permanent policy. They therefore left no successors. During our first parliamentary struggles Liberalism was taken up as a cry by persons whose objects were different and in some respects distinct, but generally resolved to obtain the government of the country and the emoluments of office. The disappearance of the old official party has left the "liberals" in possession of the stage, and now affairs assume a shape which the least sagacity and experience would have enabled all to foresee. The Nemesis of success now pursues the victorious party. Free from the pressure of external enemies, they have leisure to survey each other. Like a numerous crew in an open boat and far distant from the land, they begin to whisper " lots ;" or, to employ another and more pleasing figure, a table is spread, and there are covers for a fixed number of guests, but the candidates for participation are more numerous than the places, and it becomes a question who shall enjoy the fruits of victory)'. We have thus a division in the "Liberal" camp. Those who have by some process not very intelligible to the public at large, deemed themselves entitled to the exclusive appropriation, or at least to an arbitrary distribution, of the prizes of public employment are beginning to utter loud waiting. They deprecate division. They impute inconsistency. There are shrill cries of treason. Men whom they have eulogised as patriots of the first water, and whose motives and character it was deemed wrong to suspect, are now covered by them with loathsome epithets, and the world is invited to join in the hunting and the howling ; but the world is indifferent. Rather disposed to acquiesce in these mutual denunciations, to admit their truth, and to declare that for once crimination is not calumny-the world is disposed to look on with quiet enjoyment and to wait the event. It is in vain to say that the " Liberal cause is imperilled thats, if it depends upon the extent of the suffrage and the direct action of the unedu- cated classes of the people. It is in vain now to talk of " privileged classes, of " monopolists, of " Tory conspiracies," andtoconjure up those ghosts which have answered their purpose and became obsolete and contemptible The naked truth near stands forth that there are two sets of men of the same antecedents, nurtured in the same school professing the same creed inspired by the same spirit of patriotism, and yet who for some cause or other, are marshalling themselves into hostile bands. We do not expect that things will settle into form at least for some time to come ; but in default of this we shall be most inclined to tolerate and even to support that Government which will pay most reverence to those fundamental principles which rather repose on morality than upon bald political opinions. Show us the minister who will respect the sanctity of the judgment seat, who will scorn to traffic with the members of the House, who will preserve pure the magistracy, and deal out impartial justice to delinquents, whatever may be their political connections, who will respect the public faith, and scrupulously fulfil the covenants of the Crown show us such a man, and we shall not quarrel about his abstract theories of Government, or his opinions upon abstract points of history, British or colonial. The time is coming when it will be no longer popular to mouth out abuse of the officers of the former regime. Unfortunately we possess no political test by which we can analyse the composition of our new Legislature. The practical chemist can reduce bodies to their elements, and ascertain how much of earth, or water, or animal substance composes the compound. We know, however, that too often the proof of things the most specious, gives a miserable result. Thus men who have saved themselves hoarse in declaiming against the Mannings, the Parkers, the Macarthurs, the Plun- ketts, and the Thomsons, if reduced to their elements would show but meanly in comparison. It would be difficult to find an equal number in the new Assembly possessing the same high character, the same eminent ability, the same genuine love of freedom. We: are glad to see that the friends of the colonies in England were bestirring themselves to prevent the imposition of the extra tax on newspapers posted by the overland route. The day on which the mail closed was the one fixed for a deputation to wait upon the Postmaster General, to remonstrate upon the proposed increase of postage, and we are accordingly in ignorance of the result of the interview. We can only hope it was successful. The first announcement out here of the intended charge was received with almost as much surprise as vexation, for the public during the past few years has not been accustomed to associate the idea of a retrogressive policy with the administration of the Post Office and it certainly is a retrogressive policy to check the circulation of newspapers, especially as between the mother country and its most thriving dependencies. To withdraw a privilege that has once been conceded and largely enjoyed, is- far worse than merely to deny the demand for it. The agitation against the increase of the tax would have been more general if the order had already come into operation ; but people, not having felt the pressure, do not yet realise it. It is always difficult to get live bulk of a community to forecast. It has been principally those who are intimately connected with the circulation of newspaper literature who have felt how great a blow the increased postage would prove to intercommunication between the colonies and the mother country. The facility with which newspapers have been transmitted has made them answer extensively the purposes of correspondence. They detail public affairs so much more fully than private letters can do, that the latter are confined to domestic and commercial affairs. The number of journals carried to and fro, each month, shows to what a large extent families in the colony send the news to families from which they have come out. But the mere numbers sent convey but a faint notion of the social and political benefits arising from this maintenance of a mutual interest. The papers from the colonies are eagerly read in the families in the mother country to which they are transmitted, and the prospects held out for emigrants are earnestly discussed by the fireside. The papers sent home by the pioneer emigrant of a household often awaken the interest of a large portion of the social circle he has left behind him, and induce many to follow in his footsteps. The insight given into colonial life is much fuller and more homelike than what can possibly be given in guide- books, however carefully prepared, which very few guide-books are. Person" used to say that one Athenian newspaper would give us a better notion of Attic daily life than all the commentaries of the comedies that had ever been written. A journal is the reflection of the society for the use of which it is produced, and from a file of colonial journals an intending emigrant may form a pretty correct notion of the character of the country he thinks of going to. The abundant familiar details relating to passing events, with which a daily newspaper is filled, help the mind to picture the locality whose affairs it describes ; they take off the feeling of strangeness from the intending emigrant's mind, and make it seem in some sort as though he were about to remove to a place with which he was familiar. All these things are very powerful incentives to emigration, and just in proportion as direct immigration from the public funds is reduced-a course to which the public policy in all the colonies is rapidly tending-the more important it is to retain in full vigour all indirect agencies which tend to promote the population of these parts of the world. On the other hand, the newspapers received from England, both metropolitan and provincial, are perused in the colonies with a sustained interest. The local affairs of the towns and counties where colonists were born or resided are watched for years with unflagging attention long after all communication but that of memory and affection has ceased. While the fortunes of the mother country, especially in times of continental disturbance, are as enthusiastically followed in these distant dependencies as in the very heart of the empire. Surely these are considerations not beneath the attention of statesmen, and are hardly to be weighed in the balance against the levy of an extra penny postage on every newspaper. What has been particularly perplexing in the matter to us who are lodged at this end of the world is that no adequate explanation has been given that could at all satisfy us that there were any reasonable grounds for an additional charge. It has been simply stated in general terms that the impost is necessary to meet the extra cost of transit through Egypt. But this seems a somewhat extraordinary explanation to give immediately after the completion of a railway from Alexandria to Suez. While the old fashioned style of carrying the mail boxes on the backs of camels lasted, there might have been some pretence, perhaps, for speaking of the cost of transit. But now that the boxes can be transferred from a steamer at Alexandria to a railway carriage, and from the railway carriage again to a steamer at Suez, the cost of transit is minimised. Any increase in the weight of the mails can be met with very little extra trouble or expense. If, however, it is intended to intimate that the extra tax has been levied by the local authorities in Egypt for permission to pass through the territory, then it seems to us that the impost is one that should be officially remonstrated against ; nor are our diplomatic relations such that any protest would fail in receiving proper attention. Paying, as the colonies and the mother-country do, large amounts every year to promote rapid intercommunication, it is not worth while for any paltry consideration to reduce the benefits of it. It is with no slight satisfaction that we are able to report that the arrangements for the mail service on this side of the isthmus are beginning to inspire public confidence, and that, under the management of the Peninsular and Oriental Company we are looking for a regular and efficient performance of the service. The prestige of the Company's operations have been somewhat marred at the opening by two unfortunate accidents, the breaking of the main shaft of the Emeu off the Leuwin, and the damage done to the machinery of the Columbian off Kangaroo Island, accidents which, in both cases, involved the non-delivery of the mail in London till too late for replies. But, putting these aside as contingencies which may occasionally happen in a service so trying to grçam \-----'»»-?_----«--_»-»"~«-l vessels, under any possible management, the speed and regularity achieved in the other trips has been greater than we have ever before been treated to in any consecutive months. When the company's arrangements are perfected, we have therefore reason to expect that the pro- mises of the time-table will be literally fulfilled, if not frequently exceeded. We can only hope that no war exigencies will again arise to withdraw- the steamers from the service-, or prevent their running, just as we are beginning to have our first taste of a satisfactory mail communication. 