LAUNCESTO~N EXAMINEt. Tuesday, October 4, 1859. LEG,ISLATIVE COUNCIL. TAMAR AND LONGFORD. Br an unparalleled and unscrupulous conspiracy'to subvert" the constitution, the.members for Tamar. and Longford have been returned-to their constitu encies before the appointed'' time. "Conscientiousness" is fudge on the part of those who voluntarily resigned. The Constitutional Act left the question to the House' itself, and if there had been the ghost of informality an act of Indemnification would have shielded the members from every consequence. But there was a design-a studied design to throw the country into con fusion for factions purposes ; and the appeal made is, if possible, to render the Utpper:Chamber a conclave of oh structives. We solemnly warn the contry against this wretched, and wicked ombinlatlon. Tih qouth has so far etidorsed the corrupt intentions of political schemers who are composed of the "needy, greedy, and" seedy" that are anxious to prey on the resources of the colonists. If the whole Council were picked, perhaps there are no other two whose conduct.could be selected to illustrate what an independent course should be better than that of Messrs. Button and Weston. It will boe a calamitous day for Tasmania when such unselfish men are rejected, and the inauguration of a system of plunder from which the lowest as well as tile highest must suffer. By accident Mr. Weston became premier. He had no wish for place or pay, and accepted office as an imperative necessity. But he would not accept a salaried situation, and took the first opportunity to divest himself of what others would have clung to as an honorable distinction. He voluntarily resigned the premier ship, and nothing but a sense of honor keeps him in connection with the pre sent or any future executive. His de sire is to be an independent representa tive, and his votes have shown that he is so. He is no party to the infamous vote of £100,000: his suffrage was given against it. The ministry are not responsible for this vile "robbery"; but private members, just as in the case of other obnoxious pilferings, per petrated at the instance of canting members who clamour for reduction and vote for increased expenditure. It will be admitted on all hands that Mr. Button has discharged his duty with independence and fidelity to his con stituents. He has been uniformly and strenuously opposed to an increase in expenditure. His sagacity in counsel, firmness of purpose, clearness of appreo hension, and purity of principle have been conspicuous in his career. He cares not who may be in offico or out He will support the right and oppose the wrong, come from what quarter they may. It is the duty and the privilege of the respective constituencies to rally round those who have done their utmost to serve the interests of the country; and it is especially in cumbent on the north to show that they value the men who so unselfishly have sought to promote the progress of the colony. The southern constituencies seem to be paralysed by demagogues or indifferent to their own welfare. Let not this reproach light on the con stituencies of the north. The North Esk election has shown what activity in a right cause can do ; and activity in tihe electoral districts of Tamar and Longford will have the same issue. But activity is essential, and every elector ought to feel that a personal responsibility equivalent to the result rests upon him. The wildest measures of confiscation and expenditure will be introduced by the most vociferous ad vocates for reduction if the electors trust any but tried men, of matured ex perience, and in independent circum. stances. Otherwise the people, high and low, will have to "pay the piper.', 