j ?. ? . . . '. ? r-_ — ' . ?'- »' . ? j ? -The 'CorNAaB.-^It is , a thing not. .generally known .that the whole of the coinage of- this country is struck by atmospheric pressure. At the -Royal Mint there are ; eight coining presses, each capable of producing 60 pieces ;ofany ; kind ofcoin^from the sliver three-hah^)enny jpiece of our West' Indian colonies to the crown piece of our own irculation— per Jnimite, including- stoppages ifor renews of -lies, -&e.; These presses are on what is ?called the screw, principle — that, is, that .the upper die is ; made to rise and fell by ; the partial revolution, of a power ;fui screw running, vertically through the centre of the ipress. A- hollow shaft rests upon .the centre^of the fly 5 armBTrhich surmount the screw, and attached to it is a jleyer about 20 inches in length.. -A .horizontal rod, ;&stened; to the lever by a pin and socket, connects the ipress with' a vacuiini pump, placed' perpendicularly upon iacylindrical Vacuum tube Ijing beneath it. This latter iis heptin d state of partial exhaustion (tie extent of which is controllable by a relief valve) by the action of the airpump, - placed at & distance of nearly 100 yards ?from the vacuum' tube, and worked by a steam-engine. jWhen itis desireS toput apress in.motionfor'tlie pur pose of strikinganyparticular kind of coin, theproperdies 'are fitted, blank pieces bronght,-~and all the proper ad justments made. A communication is then opened by (means of, a line, lever, .and pneumatic valve, between 'rthe press, pump; and the vacuum tube; the former is jfitted with a piston, and is open at the top. The lower part now,- therefore,- becomes exhausted) and the atmos phere acting upon the piston; bandes it rapidly to the ibottom of the cylinder, and since the end of the -coining press lever is attached to the piston, and the lever to the screw of, the pressj it follovrs that a blow is struck on the idisc of metal placed ^uadef the- die— in short, a «)in. is jpioduced. The whole apparatus now becomes self-acting, iand coins fell out as rapidly as described, until thesupply of blanks fails, when of course operations cease. The whole coinage o£ England may be said to have been thus .pumped into existence. ' The eight presses are fitted in precisely the same manner, and when all are engaged in etamping sovereigns the rich stream' flowfe from them jwith feewildeiing beauty and richness.— The Engineer. S Mystebious Attempt at Housebrbakino. — A rather novel, and certainly barefaced method of house breaking' wa& discovered on Friday last by the person in charge of - Mr. Grundy's tobacconist shop, between the fridge and the Unicorn Hotel. The person in charge, while in the shop during the afternoon, heard repeatedly what appeared to be the nibbling of mice or. rats at the floor, and- shortly afterwards to her consternation she discovered the point of a knife protruding through the noor, and working away at the boards, through the aper ture in which she perceived a man standing in the hol low underneath the shop. An alarm was raised, and the inarauder at once decamped. -Another man was, how ever, shortly afterwards observed and challenged, but he appeared to be in no hurry, and stated that he had come there for another purpose. On searching the floor, about half -a dozen cuttings were discovered in the floor, and it is conjectured that the person^ -intention was to make way for. a saw by means of which intha night time to re move a part of the floor, and: thus commit an easy bur glary. .Theattempt, insanely reckless j&s; it may seem, show3 the necessity, of having the ugly ditch' properly made and.arched over, so thatthe hollow spaces under the'Bouses there may be filled up vtaS. -similar attempts prevented ibr the fature. Sergeant Lannigaa's attention oeing tlrawn to the matter, he said the perpetrator anight bavejjoticei that the space between. Lydiard-street and the bridge was a -sort of police 'no man's land;' no constable ever 'being told' off for that portion of the ithorougnfare.^BaKartM Star. . Meiakcholt AociDiarr in Shetland.— Another of ithose sad boat cssualtiea-wbich-so often occur in the north, and are so frequently attended with loss of life, has taken place in Shetland, resulting in' the drowning of two men. ' On Thursday last a Dunvossness crew were engaged rin the herring fishery, and-afifcer hauling their nets and' setting sail for land, the boat being well laden ?with; herrings, -she -.was struck by -a heavy sea, which tare w her on her side, in which position she remained, the sail preventing the boat from either totally upsetting1 or righting. The crew all got on the boat, but in about an hour after one of them let go his hold from eomplete jExhaafetion, and was never more seen. The. other three jontinned to hold on by the boat for about four hours, one of them assisting his father; but no aid appearing, the young man was. compelled to let go his hold of Ms aged parent, in order to preserve himself. The old man immediately sank beneath the waters. In 'tins' perilous icondition the two remaining men continued, tossed about at the -mercy -of the waves, and clinging to. the wreck of their boat, .till after 10. o'clock in the forenoon, or nearly six hours after ihe accident occurred, when the crew of a smack belonging to~ Mr. Leask, of Lerwick, passing at some, little distance,1 heard cries, 'and their attention being directed to the locality whence they issued, they observed tbe two-men clinging to the wreck, and instantly came to their rescue. Getting them on board, a work ?attended with great difficulty from the exhausted state of the sufferer^ and of danger from the state of the sea, iihejrputiheir vessel about, aad soon after landed the imen at the Kirkabister Lighthouse. The man ' who helped his father so long Jwas not expected to live after ?coming ashore ; but . we are glad : to say he has greatly 'recovered,, and has gone home on horseback.— Northern Ensi&n;,. '/'.'''- . -The Ghost of General Marceau;— The Gazette .de Cologne publishes the following, strange story, which was communioated- by its correspondent from Coblentz, and which it appears is at present the subject of general conversation in that city : — ' It is very well known that underneath the. Fort Empereur Francois, near the Cologne road, the:monument of the French Republican, General 'Marceau, who fell at Altenkirchen, had been erected ; the body of the General having been buried at Coblentz, on Mount St; Pierre, where may now be round the principal part'of the above-mentioned Jort. The monument of the General, which was a truncated pyramid, had been re moved' when the building of the fortifications of Coblentz was commenced. It 'was, however, subsequently recon structed at the place where- it now remains by thcexpiess order; of- the late KingJFredriek WUliam III. M. de Strambe^g, -who/ '-.in -bis Rheinischer Anfiquarius, gives a very 'detailed Biography of : Marceau, in making mention of this monument states that several persons had alleged that they had seen the General on different occasions at night loDg after his death, mounted upon a white horse, and enveloped in a cloak of the same color ^the Ifrench Chasseurs), ridmg towards -Mount St. : Pierre. It is stated that a soldier who-was- on duty at this mount at midnight has just seen this whlterspectre mounted upon a grey horse. . Not receiving any answer to his demand, the -soldier fired three times at the-object. A patrol having come to the spot in consequence of those snots found the sentiael extended ^pon; tlie ground in. a state ' of unconsciousness, and in a frightful paroxysm of fever. He was transported to the hospital where he became dangerously. iU, -and throughout: his delirium he could speak of nothing but the aforesaid apparition.' '? The tlRSAT Wall op China^— A letter from Shanghai of the 2nd of August, in the Moniieur, con tains the following interesting account of a visit -to the Great Wall of .?China;— 'The Treaties of Tien-sin having been ratified by .the, Emperor Hien-Fung, Baron Gros was. desirous of visiting the .Great Wall, and of judging from, personal observation, of the correctnesg of the state ments represent5ng;ifc -as commencing in the sea at the entrance, of the Bay -of Lep-tung. At7o'cjock in the morning of-the 11th ofJuly the Ambassador, followed by his secretaries and attaches, embarked on board the small steamer the Pregent. The distance of the wall from the place where the Audacteuse' frigate was at anchor was thought tcjfbe from 39 tojM leagues. -. Towards evening, the -weather not bemg-Tery clear,, it was thought prudent not, to approach too close to the shore, and the steamer came' to an anchor in the offing. At daybreak on the fol - lowing morning she again got under way, and soon after . the wall appeared hvview* ; It looked like a long range of buildings of the same height, orene'lated, and traversing the plain^from the sea to the foot of the chain of moun tains whiih run parallel with the coast, but at more than a league inland. ? An hour after the wall, with its crenel lated^top, forts, jetties running out into the sea, and the pagoda on the shore, were perfectly distinct in all their details. We had before us the most picturesque prospect that can be imagined; along the sea coast the vast plain is covered with the most luxuriant vegetation, with 'numerous villages buried in trees, and at the back a honzofi-«f lofty mountains. At the foot of -the wall, 6h' the' side of China; were seen the white tents of two Tartar camps, '' with their horses grazing at liberty around. - -$eenfrpih the Chinese side the. wall resembles an immense wort an eartn, crowned with -a crenellated wall in brick, but in a very dilapidated state. On the Mahtchouria side, on the contrary, it is built of brick on a foundation of Btone. It has, along, the whole length, square towersat a distance from each, other of about, two bowshots' length^ so that the enemy might be struck from either ofahBnE^rdtiTons-down'irrto ?Sie sea by two parallel jetties, the incline of which is so slight that persons, landing from - a beat may easily '.walk up them. The largest' vessels 'may approach to within about two miles of. this spot, which is the place where future tourists onght to land. Unfortunately we were not then aware of this fact, and we came to an anchor at a spot where the tending was not very easy. The shore was soon covered witi Chinese from the neighboring villages. M. Marques, . the interpreter, to the mission, and Count d'Ozery, the commandant of the. Pregent, -were. the first to go op shore; in order to' confer with the authorities and ascertain whether -any -objection -wouldr be made to the landing-of the party. A mandarin, mounted on a - white horse, .and -followed by two -horsemen, arrived irom the camptoiinquireiwhat these men, A-me from an unknown worl^ wanted;. On receiving:pacific assurances from our interpreted,; he said no opposition would be made to , the disembarj^tipn. '. ? Wiien.all were onshore, we proceeded direct tnwaids. the walL We had to 'cross several little rrvuletsjwhichrun down by the sea, and : we were after^ wards obliged to strike a little more inland, in order to find ground rather less moist. As we ?approached towards the .wau^'^bs^rved^diJe-Tartars mounting then- horses, and'tetraying^y their - gestures considerable., emotion. They separated into threebbdies-^— one remained on horse back in frontof;ti^tents,tthus»utting off the-road to the wall ; another proceeded o»«5ir'left, where they alighted among1 tbej ^lugn grass - -and- the third advanced at a hand gaTlbp -tdimeotTis.- : Theyasked whence we -'caine, where we,w^reibihg:r.a4d toja - us .fi&& , they' could not allow us *o advance any fiurflier. Their chief- :they said, was absent, and- they-icould not take on- themselves the rer sponsibility of permitting us to approach. You may judge of our astbnishment- when' we learned from these men, eneamped as it were at the verygates of the capital, that they had heard .npthingof ? their country having been at warwith France and ^England. ..The taking of Canton, the bomb«dment of Takon, and the peace concluded at Tiensin,- they were conipleitdy- ignorant ofr After -a little negatiatio^;wej;hought we had got over pur. difficulty, and we wereailowed to advance, ,bujt«e had not proceeded ;moreJthsift300,or400!yards when someftesh hopsemeu ad ?ranc^iwdurgentlyrimprasaed on us the propriety of .not : going^ytfurthW Witiwnir escort of 12 mien' well armed; atid'«urirevol- versj-we-iniglrtTiaveiepl-ifF fill those -300 TartArHpr§emflii 'aiid'!ijaye'')nbi)n^ed'die wall in spite of ', them, but ,ihe- Anibassaaor was Jamdpas to javpid any : dispute,. aid would- not.wnipromiBe. his;position for the : mere gratificatipn ofcuriositvv v After having taken a few ( \- gketchee, purchased some 'fans 'from the Tartars, - and ; astonishea af%hole hostTif Chinese; by letting them taste : our;_. brandy, and Jook. at our. watches, and compasaes, ; Ba«-n: -SrM J^orned;, to ,;th(j. bp^ts. ..'. ' -The-e': Jartpr ? horsemen iad«eitaer_bows'aior arrows, but theyoall had ; matchlock guns-ilung over their ihoulderg.. Their powder ; appfearedto*e;verycofti^;and^ln;adoitfcn^b^ hsn'm ^eir'calttnoh^boxei.JBwJl.Wll^ts pf . lead, . Eaca - man carried m nisTargfe'boofe*nis pipe and fan'. ' 'Before ' leaving the coast we went in the Pregent to bare another view, of the -!duntry. on the other side of ihe Great.WalU'. opposite the plains of Mantchouria, whicli ware coverst with 'the mout extraordinary verdure, . only to be found in countries where, the ground; after being Icing buried lii snow, is vivified by a hot sun. The wall' was seen grow ing up as it were out of this' exuberant vegetation, and ascending the side of the mountain, to follow, for more than 600 leagues, the half^sayage countries -which extend as far as the confines of Mongolia and the Kou-Kou-Noor. After having for some time' contemplated this magnifi cent scene, Baron Gros gave the signal for departure, and the Present steered for the Told: Islands, where the AudaeietLsei-igate was waiting for us.' . , .'; .; A Remarkable Cabeeb.— Baron Ward, the famed Yorkshire groom, who played, so prominent a part at the. Court of Parma,, died on Tuesday night at Vienna. The history of thiis extraordinary man is fall of remarkable events. He' left Yorkshire as a boy in the pay of Prince lichtenstein of Hungary, and after a four years sucj cesBful career on the turf at Vienna as a jockey he became employed by the then reigning Duke of Lucca. Ho was at Lucca promoted from the stable to be valet to his Royal Highness. This service he performed up to 1846\. About that period he was made Master of the Horse to the Ducal Court. Eventually, he became Minister of the Household and Minister of Finance, which office he held when the Duke abdicated in 1848. At this period he . became an active agent of Ausfria during the revolution. As Austria triumphed, he rer turned to Parma . as Prime Minister, and negotiated the abdicatien of Charles II., and placed the yonthful Charles IIL-on the throne, who, it will be remembered, was assassinated before hi3 own palace in- 1654. It should bu. observed that as soon as 'Charles IIL came to the throne the then Baron Ward was sent to Germany by his patron as Minister Plenipptentiary, to represent Parma at the Court of Vienna. ;This post he held up to the time of his Royal patron's tragical end. When the present Duchess-Regent assumed . state authority Ward- retired from public hfe, and took; to agricultural pursuits in the Austrian dominions. With out any educational foundation he contrived to write and speak German, French,, and Italian, and conducted the affairs, of state with considerable cleverness, if not with remarkable straightforwardness. Baron Ward was mar ried to a humble parson of Vienna, and bas left four children. Perhaps no man of modern times passed a more varied and romantic life than Ward, the groom, statesman, and friend of Sovereigns. From the stable he rose to the highest offices of a little kingdom, at a period of great European: political interest, and died in retirement, pursuing the rustic occupation' of a farmer, carrying with hiii .to the grave many, curious State secrets.— Lor/donpaper. What will Become op the World? — Mr. T. S.. Wilson read a naoer before the British Asaociatfnn on 'The desicatiou of the earth and atmosphere.' He first drew attention to the fact observed by all travellers that there are in, many parts of the wodd barren lands, dry watercourses and lakes, and not unfrequehtly traces of human habitation where large . populations -had once existed, but are now -no more to be seen. After stating various facts and opinions, Mr. Wilson concluded that there, was a gradual solidifying of the aqueous vapours and, consequently, of water, on the face of this terrestrial world, which, he inferred, was approaching a state in which it will be impossible for man to continue an in habitant. Yet, he added, we should feel satisfied with the prospect that the term of our occupation is not yet half expired.. Various considerations, indeed, lead to the conclusion that the .fitness of the earth for man may extend to a, period much longer than that in which it has been occupied by him, nor will that term end till after the polar beaiv tie walrus, and the narwal have become inhabitants of-the tropics. Sir Roderick Murchison, the President, said it was certainly not a. very pleasant idea to think that our race was to die out. from thirst. How ever little he or others might incline to accept Mr. Wil son's theory, his facts were exceedingly good. Geo logists, however, would be disposed not all to agree with Mr. Wilson in disa- vowing the influence of the elevation of land in causing some of ihe effects alluded to ; but they certainly believed that the quantity of water now existing was very much what it was when the world began.— English paper, ' The StantieiiD Hail Mueders.— A soldier now in custody at Gibraltar states that he was the murderer of Messrs. -Jenny, and not Bush, who was executed for the crime. Some correspondence has been published in different newspapers on the subject, and by many it is suspected the poor fellow's mind must be in an unsound state. ' Scrutator' writes to the Afancliester. Examiner and points out that the soldier's confession does not at all agree with the fact that Rush was recognised, as the assassin by the wounded servant girl, and in consequence communication was instantly made with Norwich,, which resulted in the police being sent to Bush's house, and arrived there almost as soon as he did. He had not time to remove bis wet boots before he was taken. It was very early in the morning. On the same subject another writer addresses the editor of aLondon journal :— ' It is, of course, impossible at present to . form an accurate opinion upon the point in the absence of the name of the person who thus accuses himself, but it may be remarked jthat Bush declared, from first to last, that he was not ithe actual person who committed the murders. In the extraordinary defence he made, as the' inquiry was ?drawing to a close, he said that the two persons named Dick and Joe were the persons who committed the crime. iand that they would turn up in three years. He would jnot mention who they were beyond saying that they were the persons with whom he had been in ifrequent communication with regard to the Jenny property, and that one of them claimed to fae the rightful owner of the estate. On being removed to his cell, after he was condemned to death, he drew his chair before the fire, sat down, and rubbing his knees, remarked to his attendants, 'This is a trouble-' some world, and I suppose I must die ; but should the' iman who really committed the murders come forward and avow himself, do you think that I should be released? ' i Again he declared Diok aud Joe would make a confession in three years; and up to the present time it is a peculiar phrase in Norfolk, when alluding to the Stan field Hall murders, that Dick and Joe have never yet come forward. Against this statement of Rash is to be placed the emphatic declaration of Emily :Sandford, that Bush went, out of his house (Potash Farm) at the time the murders took place, and Eliza Chestney distinctly, swore to him as the person who fired at her. She said she 'knew him by bis head, upon which Bush 'immediately exclaimed 'Did you see my head?' a, remark which led strongly to the -in- ference that it was he who committed, the act. Besides. Eliza Chestney knew him well, and the contour of tis person was altogether so peculiar that anyone having seen him aud observed his gait could scarcely have failed in identifying him again, notwithstanding hio extraordinary disguise. It will be remembered, too, that the pistols, which had been accurately described, were found buried behind Potash Farm some weeks after the execution.' — Leeds Mercury, September'18. Report on Tribunals of Commerce: Scene m the.Committee-ROOM.— The report of the Select Com mittee-appointed to inquire respecting the expediency of establishing Tribupals .of Commerce, or of otherwise im proving the administration of justice- iu causes relating to commercial disputes, appeared on Friday. Mr. Lyne, chairman of the Association for the promotion o! Tribunals, of Commerce, *as' asked l»y the chairman to. state what he knew of the delay in the administration of justice in eommeivial. causes, when he made the. follow- ing statement : — ' I wilj. state a leading case in the' city Of London, and I hold myself responsible. for the details although I may make a little deviation as to names ari'i places. The late ? sent an agent to Mexico ; and ? on the return of that agent to this country a dispute! arose with regard to the settlement of account; everything was done which the agent could do to bring about arbi tration, bit he was resisted. The man was incapable from his means to contend with his employer, because of the expensive litigation in this country. Many years were spent in endeavouring to bring his em ployer, or the house of — — , to a . settlement ; at last, a schoolfellow of the agent, thinking him ill-treated, took up the case, and investigated it, and the grand Jury of London indicted the late ?* — — for conspiracy. The late ? , as a matter of course, would have had to appear before the bar of the Old Bailey, if he hadjbeen a poorer man; but he removed the case from there into the Court of Exchequer or the Court of Common Pleas, where it was submitted to a Jury of merchants to decide. The case lasted an the day, and when it was finished, the whisper through the Court was that the poor maff.wduld gain the day. The special Jury were locked up 45 minutes. The excitement became too great tor the poor man who had been litigating for so many years, and he died before the verdict was given. The verdict was in favor of the late ? ? ; and on the very best authority 1 heard that the most improper conspiracy, orratheiyl should say, bribery, was carried on on .that occasion. Those witnesses who might hatfe proved the case were kept out of Court. I should not.haye given that ease to the Committee if I had not first submitted ft to ? Mr. ? , offering to give up my authority .if there was anything wrong in it. The fact of bribery was given to me by a man who was in the room, and witnessed it.' Mr. Ridley proposed, the room being cleared, to strike out all thewords in the foregoing statement, from ' investigated it, to ' carriei on that occasion ;' but this was demurred to, and on a division being taken its retention on the minutes was carried by five votes against three. The cause of the rooms being cleared on other occasions does not appear from the evidence, but several statements of a .similar description were made by Mr. Lyne in the course of his evidence. One, in which the names appear, and in which the witness was himself -concerned, is as follows^— ' I once had a dispute which- only allowed that there should be one witness in the case, and he was an attorney. Before he went into the witness-box he was cautioned by my solicitor' that he would- perjure himself, but he braved it out and went into the witness-box. Lord Campbell was my counsel, and Lord Abinger was the judge The . witness gave his .testimony according to Ms deter mination, and the Jury,. under the direction of .Lord Abinger, gave , a, verdict against me. . Lord Abinger made some' very severe remarks against me. 'My'frien.ds interfered, and' I have got a'letter in my possession from the present lord Abingec, ^expressing his regret, on, the part of bisfiith?r, thatthe case ..did not altogether eome out in the (Dourt. In the meantime the verdict went against me, contrary to the facts. I then had to pay a very large sum of money, and I did not 'know how to get out of it ; but I was determined I would not be defeated, and I went to a. friend and requested him. to strike . a docket against me. He did so; I then became a witness in the case, and the attorney committed suicide, and put an end to that case. If this case had gone before a Tribunal of Commerce, that man would never have com mitted- suicide, -and the Hon.: Mr. Scarlett would never have written the letter to my friend, expressing his regret that all the :facts did not' come out, because before, a- Tribunal of ?Commerce- j should have, been enabled to bring them out?' ^Manx Sun, October '9.. A^PABLIAJOtENTiBT Betgbn, just,pubfisheu, gives some particular. .regaijcBng the injury to life and limb; sustained, on tjie railways of. ihe United Kingdom during tlie first ;half of the ! year V 1868.- It appears, that 143 persons were killedr'and- i75Tnjureu.i-i W ; these !06 wore killed and -153 injured in lEngland and Wales ; 27 -were killed and 8 injuredm-Scotland ; and . 10 wer« killed. mi: .lSJnjured jn ^re]jtmj..;., jOf .the' total, .10 deaths -and 97 injuries occurred io^iiasseii. gers from, causes 'beyond then- conrril,' while 10' deaths: and' %2 'injuries were ^the tonsequehce^of their :6wn! misconduct or want of- -caution: - '-Among railway -^-em-: ?ployes, '& were killed- And 133 -.Trounced; in aimannet wh^-Jei^tfoim^frej^ltsm^ble&e;, whjls^fflEno'^assthani £5 deattV^^4injurie3..the;vjctiite ware themsehssf 'responsible. The 'persons sailed' awevel ^ crosangs'nuni bered 12, and ithe wounded 2, and tresspassers gto noiPfcoin^^ tinaej^any 'of tb^wreeeaHK?«ate&orie;§TOere s'rf'&Smii; 4 ?^?therB^i.t6.^hiefi a^t^T^a^'S»,258!miles' ; - .-;;-^^| of 'raJTway-werB- ~oveb.*T6r- traffic ;' in the' edfresporid- ?? , ??.'? ;*f ingfc^;tf^7;-v^^^^es^ere6pen/l^ deaths ;. '?-':, aM'8®infuiiero-Jciiire3 6'n'r^ways'.:'' '''.'- \- The iDEiiiA.-^-ThB lovers of 1iiei legitimate drama will .read- with interest the- article in Tail for October, from whieli we make; the folldwing';selectipri .*— r ' ' In my hot youth, when' George' 'the Third Was &ng;, patents* to -theatres in London and the larger 'pror incial cities and towns were granted, enabliEg the holders to exercise an exclusive right to the- performance'fof tile legitimate drama, whether traeredy o^ comedv.' This exclusive privilege was brought into monopolistic action, aad-Dr«ry-Lase and -CovenWSarden aU-but^sommanded the histrionic, ability, of, England. The patent country theatres were the hothouses which bred 'professionals' f'f the metropolitan 'market, and London being* tne'laSt roundsmrthe ladder. of .amhition^.to^ «n actor's. eye, all struggled to, reach the top., London, managers 'had wherewithal to pick apd choose from. In a few theatres they concentrated the' theatrical jrenins of the nation, and hence every-play put on the stage was acted as if the intelligence of its author had isuperintended a season's rehearsals,. Besides,- dramas -were not then written for this actor or tha^, but the performer was cast to his part not the part shaped for him. In everything there was 2£?&'-, *!!?$'' 'fr® system. was doomed to annihilation. 1'ne- prohibition against minor theatres playing patented »lays was removed-any one that chose, on beine icensed, couldput Shakspeaxe on tiie stige ; tfaa reaction from monopoly to free trade in repressntations was ex cesBire^tho demand for perTormere of ' fair mark crew excessive; second-rate ability was put into first-rate harness and paida first-rate salary ; the old temples were deserted;, but that did notargue that histrionic power ?was. extinct. .There are now, and ther3 were then as many able and conscientious, actors in the world as dur jng the period when, greater celebrity *ras aahieved by the followers of the art; but the abolition of the monopoly has scattered them to and fro over the earth's ?surface— there is jio longer to be found a combinatioa of the elements that ^o to constitute a perfect drama per fectly acted ; for let me inform you, my friend, actors are no more to be caught ia every he-dga than poet3 tho'ightob many make pretensions to JA considered both.'* ' '- ' .???.'? ? iJTBBATUEE.-^It behoves erery people to take hesi that theiaterests of literary men are on tiiair side rather than on the side of their rulers. For literature is ths r&\- ' presenfetive of intellect,, which is ' progressive ; govern nent is the repres9ntative of order, whic'iiis stationarv ? Bucile's&istoryi;)/ Civilization, p. 632. ' ; The MrpsHipJKAN'8 Theee Dickers.— I do not thmk there is any harm in puttinar the followim? storv an record. It wjw told me, many years ago, by the hero of t, inyvery valued friend Captain (afterwards Admiral bu- Francis) Beaufort. 'Wje weretalfeingof amidshipirian'a appetite, ? as- a thing which bears: a high .character for energy and punctuality, and Captajn JJaaufort s dd it had never been tried how jnany dinners a : midshipman conld, eat in one day. 'I,' said he : 'gotasfera3;three.' . I begged to know the particu lars, ana he gave me them as follows : — *' I had eaten my dinner at the midshipman's table, and a very good one, as X sjways did. After it*, the captain's steward came up, and said, ' The captain's compliments, and desires .tb^ favour, of. ^your company to dinner.' 'But I've dined,' said I. 'For. mercy s sake, don't gay that, Sir,' said he, *.for I shall be in a scrape if vou do ; I ought to have asked you this morning, but' I forgot.' So I thought I must go; and two hours afterwards I did go, and I dined, and I think I made my usual good dinner. Just as we rose from table, a signal was made iby the admiral to send an officer on board, and, as it was my turn, I had to go off in the boat. When I got pn board the admirals shipy the admiral said to me, 'Ah! Mr, Beaufort, L beUeye.' 'Yes, Sh-,' said I. ' Well, Mr. Beaufort,' said he, ? the papers you are to ?take back :will not be ready this half, hour ; but I am just; sitting down to dinner,. and shall be glad of your ^company.' Now, you. know,- -as to z. midshipman re :fusmg to ?_ dine with the adinnal, there are not the iwords for it in the naval dictionary. So I sat down to my third dinner, and I ad sure I did rery well ; and I got back to my own ship just in time for tea.' — Notes Mid Queries. ? 'Happiness in evebj Station.— There's no condition of life, sickness and pain excepted, where happiness is - excluded. The husbandman, who rises early to his labor, enjoys more welcome rest at night for't. His ; bread is sweeter to him ; his home haopier ; his enjoy ;ments surer. The sun that rouses him in the morning, * 'sets in the evening to release him. All situations have their comforts, if sweet contentment dwell in the heart. ' Death in the Snuffbox. — Death was once found in the pot, and now he has been detected in the Snuffbox. ; Long ago the destroyer was found in the snuff, but he has since been discovered lingering in tie box itself. In .boxes lined with very thin lead, but especially in cases where the leaden lining is thicker, and which are much used by the Paris retailers, a chemical action takes place, ' the result of which is to charge the snuff with sub-acetate jof lead. This; result was suspected by Chevalier, and | has been confirmed by Boudet, of Paris, and Mayer, of ! Berlin, by long and careful experimsnts. The latter I learned chemist traces several deaths and cases of I ' saturnine paralysis' to the patients having taken snuff ! from packets theinner envelope of which was thin shsat ; lead, in constant contact with the powdered we^i. — .Atft£7ukiim. ] Love Laughs at Locksmiths. — A few months since, ?a well-known Glasgow merchant, pleased With the j scenery of Campbeltown, took possession of a charming ; cottage overlooking the loch, determined to make it his : summer quarters. He was accompanied by his wife and ! daughter. . Shortly after their arrival in Campbeltown a : gentleman in connection with Her Majesty's Customs \- was introduced to them, and fell at once under the spell : of the daughter's, charms, at the same time awakening a | tender interest in the breast of the young lady. The ; papa was inexorable^ and f-ut an end for a tune to the soft whisperings by placing the young lady under what he imagined the secure guardianship of lo:k aad key. I But our fair maid, though closely confined, by no meaas gave up thoughts of liberty and of the enjoyment of tiie society of him to whom she had yielded her yo Jng affec tions. By means best known to themselves they held communication, and Paterfamilias being still ftern, the , lady continued firm in' her resolve to have none but the mm of her choice ; and the lovers determined to ste U a march, fly, and be joined in the bonds which no m in can I sunder. To .accomplish this, a fishing smack wa? hirjd, a. | night chosen which was dark and showed erery pro jpe:t of a rattling breeze, and a skiff with muffled oars procured to bear the lovers to the larger boat, which was to awj.it them a mile' off.' About half-past 10 ia tha evanian;, ac cording to pre-arrangement, th3 lady steppe 1 for:h by the window, with no more extensive trousseau thia the iress she had bsen wearing during th& evening, and a round hat. She was then reoeivad by her tutura lord, ivho hurried her off to. where the skiff was hailed upDn shore, with four strong fellows alongside up to thai:-. knees in tha sea, ready to shove h» off. Ons numsat anithelady waspkajdin the starh, tha msj juiuei into th«i boat, and. in. five minutes they rea^hadtaa fbh ing smack, where they could defy pursuit, for aha w.vs pjt : before the wind, and scudded up the souul of K;l ir.oi nan befbre a strong south-westerly galo. Taey rjacasd Loch ~Rasux titter a passage fearful enough to hi n sst, iialf-a-dozen ordinary young ladies oat of tiasir was. but which our heroine, no doabt love-suppjr;ei, hora ai air j.bly. Here our. runaways remiinai till diybra ik, aad afterwards retimed their perilous jourasy, wa.ch, how aver, hid, as it dessrvei, a ha.ipy term, latloa, wasa tii3 3ame evening they reached the rasidenoa of tae gande man's brother-in-Uw in Dumfiissoire, where in a iev: days afier, their bold and daring adveature met with its crowning reward through the kind offices of tae parish minister. . We may mention that the gentleman's brother and sister accompanied the fugitives:. — North British Daily Moil. Written Sermons.— Services were lately held at West Hartlepool, on the occasion, of the settlement at that place of the Her. Jdhn Bennett, lately a student of Sew College. At a collation held in the afternoon, the Rev. Dr. Halley, who was one of toe speakers, related the following anecdote : — 'A good deal hid bean said about written sermons. He would tell them' a story. There was a minister (ha would not give the name) ex tremely zealous against written sermons (and. perhaps, he had a good reason tor. Demg so;, iros minister once came to Manchester to a missionary meeting, and it was arranged that on the Sunday evening ha should take his (DrTlrlalley's) pulpit. Well, his friend rose ' as Iarg9 as life,' and in full canonicals, and gave out his text. This occurred, he thought, in '41. His friend proceeded to the sermon ; but, before he had completed the first sen tence, he stopped short. There he stood, apparently quite bewildered. He (Dr. Halley) got up and walked along the aisle,- and up thepulpit stairs. Still his friend was standing- stock-still- He said ' Gro en ; go on !' 'I can't' said Ins friend. ' Why V said he. 'Because I've got the wrong sermon,' said his friend (laughter). And there, sure enough, spread out before tliis stora opponent of written sermons, was a MS. sermon. 'Never mind, give them that.' said he. ' Oh, no,' said his friend, ' it has no reference to the text ; and, besides, it's the one I preached this morning.' Of course he would not again ask him to go on. He suggested that lie shonld proceed extemporaneously, but that he could not do ; and he was beginning to . think he would have to preach himself, when-it struck -his friend that the requL-ed sermon might be in his coat pocket in the vestry. So a hymn was given out,, and, while the congregation were singing, his friend descended from the pulpit, and liappily recovered the missing- manuscript.' [It is understood that Dr. Campbell of the British Standard is the minister re ferred to.]' ? '' ? Mr. Phbeps as Richlieu. — Tn an abls articb on ' Mr. Phelps, as Kiehlieu,' the Weekly Dispatch says— 'If Mr..Macready was the Alexander of tlie theatrical world, who enlarged his dominion in every field of the drama, Mr. Phelps' claims the praise of bein? his only lieutenant^ who. out of the wreck of a great rule, ha£ built up on-3 of his own. He is our truo stajp S3leucns ! Mr. F helps is the only one who has had the additional merit _. of . establishing a . j valuable theatriiiil systjm. When .our stags, records are written bj some Victor or Collier, His achievement will stan'd out as the most in teresting event of the last twenty years. . Mr. Philps' object, we must admit, -was rather dramatic than thea trical. Basing the acceptance of ac. author on bis humaniilluEtration, and not on his scanic, he established at once a poetical aim which had a twofold advantage ; whilst it enforced his. best efforts it had excuse for bis weakest.' - Emigration to AnSTRAiiA.— The renewed demand for labour-in- Australia, consequent upon the conauun^j mentrof important railway works, has given a new- im petus to euugraMon'in that direction. The fast clipper buO^filip.Florencp Nightengale, one of the Mersay line 'of i^uTar' monthly packet^ belonging to Messrs. E. Thompson & Co., sailed from: Liverpool on Monday, with ^Opas^ngero and-a full and 'valuable cargo. The next, Vessel- of ttris^lne ift the'j Black 'Eagle, wMcb is now on wewan: Prince' ffJlock.jLiTerpooIj. -and will sail on the 25th Octobdr. Thig npble.yessel was built expressly for ifche AustraJUan passenger jteadei aild is now on herfirjt yoyiige. ?Her-plehdla-nodel and excellent awom nodi iSoa Btamp %ef W'oneof the' finfest 'ships ever sait to the -AuBtyalyutcoloiaes. 'The superior character of ths Liver .sool1 ^packets, 'jBJtd:their. prompt and regular de spates, Jiare jugt^FJgalned for.tijat port nearly the whole of the TMtJiqintrHiv riSflB^tn'ptiia^iilia^' and ~the unanimous testi %MyoTp^s^^6ra^6ii'ffi«?'aVapatat Melbo;irne. skotrj ^£S%6^Te8se%'-Bfe betfer'-prbrisioned or more ably coaa manded.— ? Liverpool Mercury, Oct. 9. fat ' -?? - - 3 