LAW LIST. New Court. — Before his Honor Mr Justice Barry and Juries of Twelve : Fink v Clarke. Old Couht. — Before his Honor Mr Justice Pohlman and Juries of Four : R js3 v Schegog (partly heard), Robertson v Bruca, Patterson v Ottawav, Knotvles v Millar, Connor and others v Fitzsimons, Do v Bate3, B-nk of Vic toria v merry, j* antes v neae, Austin ana others v Kent and others, Doivar v Norton, Jacomb v 0'Keefo, Barclay and others v Law and others, Rush v Garrett, Bolgur v Splatt, and Peck v Walder. Insolvent ComtT. — Special, meetings in the estates of George Say, Georce Thompson, John Norton Ramsay, Robert Shotton, and John Roach, at 11 o'clock ; third meeting in the estate of John Crowther, at 11 o'clock. ML ?_?.!_ U JM ? 1 — l ? ? n -j MlKEaAL Spring. — Amongst the raiiR favored of the districts abounding in rich natural contributions, that of Hepburn still stands unriralled. Situate uear the aite of the rid Camp at Spring Creek, a never-failing supply of water fl jws, rich ia the ele ments of the far lamed springs of Seltzer and Pyr inont, consiatin' of oxygen aud carbonic acid gases, carbonates of soda, lime, and magnesia, sulphates of lime and magnesia, chloride of soda and oxide of iton, temperature cold. The above ia from a rough analysis made of the E»me ; bat a proper ono will b» made by a celebrated analytical chemist. — Duyles ? fnrd Advocate. A New Mode op Attack. — The Daily Newt describes the invention of Mr John Mackintosh, i ho has taken out a patent for facilitating attacks on strongholds, batteries on shore, and on fleets, stock yards, barbori, towns, and other ofj-cts,'' as well as for the better defence against a hostile appropch. '?Those who intend to attack a eea fjrt or batlery upon the patent principle have only to provi ie them f*«ilve3 with a suitable cnil of bose, a forco pump, a ptcck of o al naphtha, and a ball of potassium. Taking ciro to keep well to windward of the po'Y.t to be assailed, the attacking party al low the tube to drift towards it by means of a boat or other buo_ ant object ; they then discharge through tbe tubing a supply of the naphtha, which cannot mix with the water, and it may now be easily isflimed, as it floats upon tho surface, by means of a pellet of potassium. Immediately thero arises from the blazing naphtha a dense suffocating vapor, almost as intolerable as a London fog. In this horrible atmosphere the unfortunate enemy becoming enveloped, has no possible alternative but either to fly or to remain and be asphyxiated In any case re siBtanco is useless tho assailants cannot ba descried through tho impenetrable carbonio curtain ; there 13 no need of any expen diture of ammunition, and the day is noiselessly won. At his own cost, Mr Mackintosh freighted a vessel and proceeded to the Crimea while the memorabla siege was yet proceeding, and ho then and thero of fered to our admiral a ready means of closing a tedious and costly war, and of ssvinsj, to use his own words, eighty millions sterling, and '40,000 to 50,000 valuable lives. But, from some c.iuse or other, tha authorities gave hiin no encouragement, and be yond the payment of £1000 towards reimbursing his expenses, he has received no remuneration for all his labors in the service of his country.' A Dbeam^ op Diuth Fulfilled bt Pear. — A farmer s wiio has been relating to me the circum stances attendant upon the death of her father ; and ns they bear a certain d.-gre e of similarity to the later incidents of A. A. 'a narrative of ' Lord Lyttleton and the Ghost,' they sre, perhaps, worthy of a note, more especially as thoy would seem to bear out your correspondent's remark, ' that tho sudden re vulsion of feeling from a state of fancied security to the finding himself at the moment in the very instant of tho dicaded danger, had cauBsd such a reaction as 1 1 bring on the fiis which carried him off.' My in formant told me that her father was taken ill abcut Christmas time. One night he dreamed, or, as he s;iid, ' he awoke and saw ' two men fighting together at the foot of his bed, one of whom told hitn that he would die on tho ensuing 13th of March. In the morning he related this to his family, and both he and they made light of io. He. thortly after this, recovered, and, when the 13th of March came, he was, apparently, in very good health, On the evening of that day he referred to his dream, and observed, ' I fcuvo .lone the ghost I ' 'Don't be too sure of tbat,' said a foolish old woman who was present ; 'it's the New Stvle now, and gbo3ts don't know anything about it. 'They always go by the Old Style ! ' and this viilaje orocle told him that it wouid not really be the 13th of March C'iy tbe ghost's e-ilendur, ) for, if I re member ri-htiy' t vtlve days to come. The farmer laid thin tc heart t-jok lohm bed, and died cn the very day predicted by the old wo:mn, who, notwithstanding that he ascribed tho calamity to tho ghostly warning, would have met her deserts by a. summary conviction for manslaughter. tfetct and Qviria. 