LECTURE BY DE. BAILEY. The following lecture was lately delivered by Dr. Bailey before the members of the Christian Doctrine Sqciety for the parish of the Sacred Heart : — What. a privilege is ours as men— .ytill more pre-eminent is our distinction as Christiiirjs — to be- permitted to contemplate the infinite attributes of 0'ir Creator ! It is obvious that such contempla tions arc necessarily involved in our humble attempts, in presenting a development of the important subject before us, namely, ' Creation, mornlhj and philosophically considered in its beautiful tispecls.' Cicero, from his unassisted reason, has justly remarked, that ' there is no other animal but man that has any knowledge of God.' Such; a sentiment, it is true, is worthy of that marvt lions genius, of whose productions Erasmus, one of our Catholic restorers of learning — for it -was Catholics solely that drew from the tomb of ages the classical learning of Europe — in the sixteenth century, says in his ' Colloquies7' :— ' I cannot rend Cicero's books without frequently kissing the manuscript and venerating that sacred breast, Inspired by a heavenly influence.1' And it was of him also t'ie celebrated Chateaubriand of France, in. his 'Recollections of Italy,' records — 'That wonderful Cicero, who, according to Seneca, was the only genius ever produced bv the Roman nation, equal to the vastness of its empire.' YetjCicero, who vindicated for man this exclusive distinction of knowing his Creator, was a mere ?Pagan ! Again, Galen, next to Hippocrates the greatest physician of antiquity, the reputed author of three hundred volumes, . whnse works even now, after nearly two thousand years, are a vast treasure to the learned, lias transmitted to after ages 'kindred sentiments. 'Such treatises,' says Galen, 'as display the excellencies of the groat Creator, compose one of tVe noblest and most acceptable hymns. To acquaint ourselves with His sublime perfections; and point out to others His infinite power, His unerring wisdom, and His boundless benevolence ; this is a more substantial act of devotion than to slay hecatombs of oxen at His altar, or kindle mountains of incense.' Yet Galen too, was, like Cicero, nothing but a Pagan ! Thus we may note that even, in the fearful de ?generacy of Pagan idolatry and heathen grossness, God ' left not himself without testimony.' Sparkles of truth— of divine trnth, are discoverable embedded even in the dense darkness of heathenism. Truth, wherever found, can spring only from the fountain, head of all truth. One of the greatest Fathers of the ancient Church, St. Ambrose, declared ? ' Veritas a quocunque dicatur, a Spiritu sancto est,' that is, ' Truth, by whomsoever uttered, is of the Holy Ghost.' And so the illustrious Bossuet, in his ' Universal History,' discoursing on the divine lawgiver of Israel, says— 'God thought fit that Moses should he learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians : and by this it was that he began to be mighty in words and in deeds. True wisdom avails itself of every thing, and God will not have those whom he inspires to neglect human means, which also proceed from him in their own way.' ?But what unspeakably greater privilege is now ?mercifully extended to us, upon whom the eternal Sun of Justice, concurrently in the bright efful gnnce of His divine Word and of his spotless Church, shines in the never-failing fulness of un clouded splendour, infjllibly and authoritatively revealing to us the Sovereign Deity ' im the face of 'Christ Jesus, the image of God' — awful in power and glorious in holiness — as a reconciled father of ?boundless love, as an oveiflownig source of exhaust 'less grace, as a sure rock of immovable. defence, and nsan unruffled haven of eternal peace, unchangeably, iin us— with us — and around us ! The pagans themselves, in the divine Word, are ?declared to be ' inexcusable' in their disobedience to the divine will, inasmuch as ' the invisible Icings of God, from the creation of the world, are clearly seen, leing understood by the things that are made : his eio.-nal lower also and divinity.' ? Not only, therefore, are we to mark what fearful responsibilities are attached to our infinitely superior light, but wo are also admonished thereby that the ?works of God do, as it were, like another Gospel, preach a warning sound — that all these creatures of liis natural creation utter a noiseless expression of their Maker's limy will— and that they too are, in some measure, appointed as material signatures shadowing forth his surpassing glory. In this view it was that Clemens Alexandrinus, a Christian Father of great learning in the second cen tury, testifies that — ' Mundi creatio est Scriptura Dei,' that is, the 'Creation of the world is a Scrip. tureofGod.' Juvenal, who, though a pagan poet, yet, as scholars well know, is marked for the depth of his morals unrt philosophy, presents a wonderful agreement ?w'hh this Christian sentiment. He says— ?' Nuri ?quam alitid . matiira, aliud sapientia dicit,' that is, I 'Nature never says one thing, and 'Wisdom another.' . ? What a profound interest, then, as Christians, appertains to the creation that surrounds us I The very first verse of ihe Holy Scriptures pro claims, upon the simple authority of heaven, with, oat premising any elaborate process whatever of ar-. gumenJaton or reason, that — ' In t.ie beg'u.uing God created heaven and earth.' The holy Apostle and beloved Disciple, St. John, ushers forth the same grand announcement, nt the first beginning of his sublime Gospel — that ''All things were made by the Word.' Thus this inspired penman at once associates the omnipotence of creation with the direct agency of the. Divine Redeemer, by proclaiming that no other than this ' Word' was the incarnate eternal Son of God. And, moreover, the same Apostle inseparably connects this creative agency, calling into being all material worlds, with another creative agency of surpassing power, to be still further manifested in tho spiritual formation of another even mightier work, altogether new, spiritual, indestructible, and eternal ; for Christ is declared to be 'full of grace and truth,' in order that his chosen sons might ' of his fulness all receive, and grace for grace ;' and so does he ' give them power to be made the sons of God ;—rwho are born, not.of blood, nor of the will of the fltsh, nor of the. will of man, but of God.' The material creution is thus mysteriously united to the spiritual creation of Christ's everlasting kingdom, to indicate as well tho sameness of tho one divine operation, as to give an encouraging as. Burance to the sons of men of the unfailing guar antee of the entire ability of the Divine Saviour's omnipotence— ' to save for ever,' aa ? St. Paul vouohos, ' them that come to God by him.' ? Therofow it was that the evangelical . prophet 'Isaiuh, inspired'by God, ab.out eight hundred' years before our Christian era, discloses beforehand the glorious operations in grace, of' tho approaching Redeemer of a fallen and condemned world— de- livers, from Jehovah's own uioutli, this proclama tion from onjhigh— '? S am Mo Lvrd (Uy God, who trouble the sea, and the waves therof swell : the Lord of Hosts is my name. I have put 'my words in thy month, and have protected thee with the shadow of my hand, that thou mightest plant the heavens, and found the earth ; and mighlcst say to Sion : Thou art my people.' As then the eternal Son of the Most High, in virtue of that essential ' glory which he had with his heavenly Father before the world was,' had made all material things ; sna(ia;n was he, in his mediato rial glory as the divine Messiah, to plant, as it were, another heavens and found another earth : that is, to make a new people unto God — to 'create a new heaven and a new earth'-— to erect an .everlasting ' Government upheld upon his shoulder, wherein his empire shall be multiplied, and there shall be no end of his peace, establishing it and strengthening it with judgment and with jusllct, from henceforth and jor ever.' With what peculiar appropriateness, in a Christian view — with what simple majesty, then, does the Holy Church, in her short but glorious symbol of Faith, the Apostles' Creed, commence its sublime and comprehensive summary, with its first article — ' I believe in God, the Father Almighty, Creator of heaven and earth,' -then passing to 'our Lord Jesus Christ,' and then indissolubly connecting with him his spiritual kingdom the ' Holy Catholic Church,' and then assuring all the faithful, within her sacred bosom, of tho sure nttainmentof endless joy — the glories of ' life everlasting ! ' We thus see that the threefold glories of creation, and of redemption, and of the fruition of everlasting blessedness in the mansions of rest, and peace, are, compactly and inseparably, held together by an adamantine bond, for ever, inviolably secured in the counsels of Omnipotence. If then to mere Pagans it was so glorious, by the feeble aids of unassisted reason — as their greatest geniuses, in poetry and philosophy, have so unhesi tatingly admitted — to contemplate creation as the sublime workmanship of the one Supreme Diety ; how ineffably more glorious is it to us Christians, in the light of faith, to take a spiritual review of the created material wonders around us, blended so intimately, as we thus see they are, with the gracious Author of our eternal salvation ! Our adorable Redeemer has proclaimed himself as ' the beginning of the creation of God.' St. Paul declares that God ' in these days hath spoken to us by his Son, by whom also he made the world,' and that this divine Son ' upholds all things by the word of his power.' The same inspired apostle likewise reveals in language of supreme grandeur—'/;! him we have redemption through his blood, the remission of sins; who is the image of the invisible God, the first-born of every creature -? for in him were all things created, in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones, or dominations, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him and in him ; and he is before all, and by him all things consist.' Hence, as we have seen, the Church promulgates it as an essential element of enlightened faith, that, in the language of divine Scripture—' by faith we understand that the world was framed by the Word of God; that from invisible things visible things might be made.' Is it not then a solemn duty — a gracious privi lege, by the directive light of holy faith, to survey, in the spirit of humility and of admiring and of adoring gratitude, the universal works of the Most High — on all hands, above, below, and around us 1 It has been well observed by one of the most eminent geniuses France, or perhaps the world, ever produced, we mean Pascal — a man who, to the fervent piety of a dependent child, superadded a mastery of intellect in the depths of science equalled by very few of the most gifted of the sons of men — namely, 'Those (says Pascal) who have a living faith in the heart, see clearly that every thing which exists is the work of the God whom they adore. To such (adds he) all nature speaks for its Author. To them the heavens declare the glory of God.' Linnaeus of Sweden, who is hailed by all lovers of the natural sciences as the most illustrious naturalist the world has produced, and by whose name one of the great societies in England, the Linnaan Society for the promotion of the science of nature, is desig nated, has given utterance to a weighty sentiment, namely, that to neglect God in his works even tuates in a neglect of God in his word. Linnaeus thus expresses himself — ' He who does not make him self acquainted with God, from the consideration of nature, will scarcely acquire knowledge of him from any other source ; for (says he) if we have not faith in the things which are seen, how shall we believe those things which are not 6een ?' In' a' Catholic publication of one whom Frnnce regards now, since the illustrious Jesuit Father De Ravignan is no more, as her very first living preacher — we allude to the justly distinguished Dominican Father, Laeordaire— that eminent priest with his usual closeness of reasoning and brilliancy of style, sweetly enumerating the primary elements of a mother's Christian instruction of her children, specifies the works of Nature as the chief means of spiritually developing the infant powers of her tender offspring. The passage which unfolds the Pere Lacordaire's views, I quote from his published ' Conferences,' preached at Notre Dame, before the highest, and most intellectual congregation in Paris. It is as follows — ' Man is a being (says he) subject to in struction. Whilst you were infants, you had a mother: it was upon her. bosom that you received your first education. She enlightened you first in the order of sensations, by continually directing you in your relations with external objects. Moreover, by the long and laborious transmission of language, she laid open within you the source of your under standing :. next she instilled into the depths of your soul a more precious treasure, that of conscience . she rewarded and punished you according to your uctions, imparted to you the measure of justice and injustice, and made of you a moral being. She next instructed you into the mysterie3 of faith, taught you to believe in things invisible,, of which visible things are but the reflection ; she made you a religious being. Thus, from the dawn of your life, you were instructed in the four orders which con stitute your being ; in the orders of sensations, of ideas, of conscience, and of faith.' Nor is it only with children, that the spiritualized knowledge of creation is of such vital importance. Leibnitz, on whose surpassing genius it is need less now to dilate, is well known to have held in highest admiration all the Religious. Orders of the Catholio Church, as being those special ' burning and shining' lights so obviously designed to illumine, by the light of holinesss and zesl of faith and fire of love, from the mountain tops, the lowlier valleys of the world — intended as ti spiritual machinery, the salt of the earth, -to neutralize and drive back the moral corruption of degenerate men— and thus exhibited as tho loftiest examples of that evangelical perfection, encouragingly held forth as the most triumphant victory of tho adorable Crosa of our great redemption. . Leibnitz thus details tho. characteristic employ, merits of such holy and reverend communities. He says — 'They abandon tho eares of life— they trample its pleasures under foot — they devote their whole being to the contemplation of the Deity and the admiration of his works.' We may. add that this great Protestant authority, with noble impartiality, concludes — ' Nor is it the least among the marks which commend to us that Church, which alone has preserved the name and the badges of Catholicity, that we see her alone pro. duce and cherish these illustrious examples of the eminent virtues of the ascetic life.' In short, what mutual illustration do not the Word and Works of God most suggestively fur nish ! The diversified works of the Almighty Architect , as seen in the widest compass of Nature, can only indeed.be adequately understood and suitably ap preciated by enlightened Christian minds. The vast book of Nature is signally illuminated to the reverent student of revelation. What inspiring charms are thrown on every page of creation, by the volume'of holy writ I Cardinal Wiseman has observed ?with great truth and elegance — ' All the love of nature that the first Christians felt received the holy impress of the poetry of Scripture, and soon attracted the pencil and lyre. I will not venture on the vast and well trodden field of sacred poetry, but content myself with saying:, that there is scarcely a passage in the prophet's book that does not afford most beautiful specimens of familiarity with the poetry of nature.' Never could you have seen fialf the'effulgent splendour you noir behold in the glorious sun, if you had not read of Him, who is ' the sun of justice that rises in the soul with healing in his wings.' Do not the threatening coluds overhead assume new forms of grandeur, and suggest new lines of loveliness, and develope new tints of beauty ? Yes ! Do not the very howling winds themselves roar sweetest music, and the fiery lightnings flash abroad with sublimest glory, when we have once read of Him that is disclosed to the eye of faith as making those overhanging ' clouds his chariot' — as walking, in the resistlessness of impetuosity, on ' the wings of the wind.' Can the engnlphing mountains of ocean's tem pestuous depths inspire any horror, though rolling at our feet — nay, rather can we not trustfally stand in the unsuspecting confidence of tenderest love, by the foaming surges of the boiling abysses, because their veriest utmost horrors remind us of Him that holdeth the vastness of its mighty waters in the 'hollow of his hand,' and proclaims to our enrap tured souls iu encouraging accents — ' Fear ye not.' Now where can we find such really enlightened students as are amongst true Christians? It is the Christian that veritably ri«es by the light of grace, from Nature up to Nature's God. All that the outward creation can teach, the Christian is glad to learn. All that nature cannot teach, the Christian is still more glad and eager to learn, with thankfulness and humility, elsewhere, in the vouch- . safed teachings of the reveialion of his God, and of that Church for ever founded and guided by the blessed spirit of unerring truth. Lord Bacon, that great philosopher, admitted by the whole world to have far more than any other man prepared' the way for the marvellous progress of science in these latter ages, did not fail to note and urge this moral truth in his immortal work ' The advancement of Learning'—' Our Saviour (writes Bacon) saith — ' You err, not knowing the J$frjptares- nor the poiver of God,' laying before us (he goes on. say) two books or volumes to ¥tudj', if we will be secured from error; first, Ihe Scriptures, revealing the will of God, and then the creatures, expressing his power; whereof the latter (i. e. the 'creatures,) is a key unto the former (i. e. the Scriptures) ; not only opening our understanding to conceive the true sense of the Scriptures, by the general notions of reason and rules of speech ; but chiefly opening our belief, in drawing us into a due meditation of the omnipo tence of God, which is chiefly signed and engraven upon his war/is.' And Bacon, with kindred feelings, thus alludes, in another of his productions, entitled his ' Confes. sions of TruJh,' to the transcendent work of re demption. '? This,' says he, ' is the great mystery and perfect centre of all God's ways wish his crea tures j and unto which all his other works and wonders do but serve and refer.' God, in the sacred volume of inspiration has himself testified to the great enlightenment of the ancient Egyptians. ' TI19 Most High,' as the great Bossuet notes, ' thought fit that Moses should bs ' learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians' : and by this it was that he hegan to be ' mighty in words and in deeds' ' About the time of Moses there lived lierir.es, or Mercury, both an Egyptian priest and king, who was surnamed Trisniegi-tus, or the thrice greatest, inasmuch -is lie was a man' of universal knowledge, an inventor of the sciences and who enriched all Egypt by the .marvellous light of his philosophy; and as Egypt was then, as it were, a school to the whole world, doubtless his science reached the learned and great of all nations then in any way uivilzed. ' Amongst the remarkable precepts of this great Egyptian, which history, his handed down to us, is one which strikingly illustrates and cor firms our preceding statements, and is unquestionably perfectly true. It is this — to quote his own words —'There is nothing unknown in heaven; there is nothing perfectly known on earth. Things them selves are veritably in the invisible world ;' but in the visible world there' are only the shadows of things.' - Under every variety of ciroumstances, whether of age or nation, essential truths as we so well know also of the great truths of Catholicity itself, re mains unchangeably one, unvarying, and the same. And further we submit, it cannot be unedifying to adduce illustrative authorities culled from any quarter, wheieby, at least, we may see that by far tho greatest lights of this world's science and philosophy have in truth most demonstrably evi denced the superiority of their human judgment and reason, by such an implicit subjection and unreserved surrender of all their mental powers and earthly pretensions to the unclouded radiance and spiritual supremacy of the omniscient Deity of heaven. Alas! we cannot but know that there are most unhappy mortals, who, dwelling amid the glorious wonders of this and surrounding worlds, ackuow. ledge not the presiding presence of their Creator. His unexhausted and inexhaustible mercies are over all His works ; yet they sullenly disdain to acknowledge it. Ah ! their vain wisdom is the veriest folly! God hath declared it so from heaven: it is the 'fool,' says the holy Psalmist, who ' hath said in his heart there is no God.' Heaven thus declares that it is the 'heart' of all such that is so very sadly at fault : therefore it is added, ' They are corrupt, and are become abomi nable in their ways. Their throat is an open, sepulclurc — the poison of asps is under their lips. The way of peace they have not knoivn : there is nojear of God before their eyes.' St. Paul, moreover, says of the heathen, as of those who are without God iu the world, and who were plunged in the lowest abyss ?of depravity and atheism, that ' their foolish heart was darkened.' , . Who can, let me. ask, deny that infidelity- i3 the beginning of all sin— that folly, yes, stupid, besotted folly, is the only foundation of all infidelity — and that the heart of man (whose wickedness ? who can fathom?) is the appropriate seat of both infidelity and sin ? Besides, what else can at all account for the enmity — the fiendish blasphemies of men's carnal hearts against their Creator's being, will, and laws— than their own remorseful conviction, thut, as His holy will so convincingly convicts them of apostacy and rebellion, they must needs dare, in their wild ness of despair, to array themselves satanically against him, inasmuch as they so piercingly feel that his righteous face is so set against them ? With what matchless pathos does the sanctified genius of Massillon — that ever memorable Catholic Bishop of France — develop this most solemn truth ! We rejoice, with you, to hear that reverend voice, as it were from the tomb, now awakening us to be hold in creation's wide domain some glimpse of the untold glory of its Almighty Architect. Yea, if all the countless productions of the vast multitudes of the great and good, whom the Catho lic Church has so pre- eminently ushered forth from her bosom — to shed an honor on our common humanity, and to progress amongst mankind the forward march of the highest civili2ation — were utterly and for ever consumed in one universal blaze — is it saying too much, that the writings of Massillon, if aidne preserved, would, of uninspired writings, entirely suffice to sanctify and elevate and refine men — subjecting, to the melting tenderness of his fervid eloquence, and overawing, by the soar ing grandeur of his sublimest imagination, the wills and reasons, the hearts and imaginations of bis fellow-mortals ? This great man thus illustrates our subject — ' Great God (he exclaims) Sovereign Master of the universe ! What part of the earth can I traverse, whete my iteps are not marked by the visible effects of thy presence, and by admiration of the grandeur and magnificence of thy holy name ? If uncivilized man can have suffered that impression of thyself, which thou hast engraven upon his soul, to bn effaced, so luminous and lasting are thy characters that he is inexcusable in not tracing them in thy visible creation. The atheist does well to boast that he knows thee not, and that he finds not in himself any idea of thy infinite Spirit I But he seeks thee, most Holy God.1 in his own depraved heart and vile passions, more than in his reason. Let him at least (con tinues Massillon) look around him, and everywhere he will find Thee ; all the earth will pro claim to him his God 1 ' He will behold the traces of thy greatness, power, and wisdom, impressed upon all thy creatures -, and that corrupted heart which does not feel and proclaim the Author of its being, will find itself alone in the universe!' Now, are not thoae men truly ' inexcusable,' who can discern no footprints of Deity in the vast compass of creation ? Yea, God himself summons, in righteous wrath, the maddened folly of such erring mortals, to learn eiren of the lower brute animals around us, who do acknowledge the hand that feeds and cherishes them. Hear,' says Jehovah by the lips of the Prophet Isaiah, ' 0 ye heavens, and give ear, 0 earth, for the Lord hath spoken. I have brought up children, and exalted them ; but they have despised me. The ox Icnowetii his owner, and the ass his tnaster's crib ; but Israel hath not known me, end my people hath not understood.' Even the very birds of the air are pictured forth by the Most High, as teaching examples to lawless man, in their legitimately fulfilling the order of their inferior being. ' Why, Men,'. says God in the rebuke of expos tulation by the Prophet Jeremias, ' is this people in Jerusalem turned away with a stubborn revolting t They have laid hold on lying, and have refused to re turn— I .attended, and hearkened ; no man speaketh what is good, there is none that doth penance for his sin, saying : What have I done 1 They are all turned to their own course, as a horse rushing to the battle. The kite in the ah hath known her time ; ihe turt le, and the swallow, and the stork have observed ihe time of their coming ; but my people have not known the judgment of the Lord.' And how strikingly does the eminent Chateau briand recount the advantages which men derive even from the auguries and visitations of the very tiniest birds 1 ' Labouring men,' says Chateaubriand, 'placed ;n the hardest conditions ofhumdn life, have friends in these feathered visitants, whom Providence has prepared for them. From feeble animals such as these, they actually receive counsel and hope, which they would often seek in vain among their fellow men.' ' Oh !'— cries this brilliant writer,' ever so sym pathetically alive to the piofoundest impulses of moral sentiment and benevolent aspirations — ' how dry, how barren is nature, when explained by sophists (i.e. unsound and unholy reasouers) ; but how productive and how rich, when a simple heart describes her wonders, with no other view than to glorify the Creator !' Thus, with what touching effect, does Solomon the wisest of mankind, send men for sage instruction to insignificant insects. ' Go to the ant, 0 sluggard and consider her ways and learn wisdom.' And we may well apply those words of simple majesty, ever so characteristic of sacred writ, wherewith holy Job expostulated with his persecutor, to that man who does not adoringly recognise his creator through this universe of wondrous magnifiicence. . ' But ask noiu the beasts, and they shall leach thee : and the birds of the air, and they shall tell thee. Speak to the earth, and it shall answer thee : and the fishes of the seasliull' tell. Who is ignorant that the hand of the Lord hath made all these things ? In whose hand is the soul of every living thing, and the spirit of all flesh of man.' Yes, unspeakably productive, are such contempla tions, when so designed ! Is it not, in effect, to realize here below, amongst men, the power of God's holy presence ? The great Jesuit Father, Bourdaloue — reputed to be the severest master of reason and argument, aux iliary to the sternest force of Christian eloquence that perhaps tho Catholic pulpit of France ever ex hibited — specially calls in the aid of such reflections to raise men's thoughts to the presence amongst them of their God. For this holy object, says Bourdalone, ' We should ask of God this precious gift, withdraw our selves from time to ixtne. from the noise and tumult of the world and its affairs, and perform all our ac tions through a spirit of obedience to bod, accom plishing in them his holy will, seeking him in the most indifferent of them, considering creatures only as they ought to be considered, that is, as the images of God, as mirrors which represent to us his perfections ; tho heavens as the place of his glory, the earth as his footstool, men as the ministers of his providence' prosperity as the effect of his liberality, and adver sity as the chastisement of his justice. Such, says he, is-thc true method of preserving always the pre sence of Gcd ; sfich the means by which, (concludes this reuovvned preacher,) the saints elevated them selves lo Him.' The poet Thomson has most beautifully, in. his ' Seasons,' descanted, upon thia our own theme. ? Thomson was one of Scotland's most gifted sons, and very numerous, indeed, they have' been; for wherever, as in our own dear fatherland, the: Celtic race has fixed its root, the fervid genius, of song, ! the searching vigor. of intellect, the impetuous rush of eloquence, the gallant daring of matohlesg bravery, and the overflowing sensibilities' of elevated humanity have, above all other races, eminently dis ? tinguished the Gaels of the western islands and continent of Europe. Thomson's ' descriptions,' says that prince of England's critics, Dr. Johnson, of 'extended scenes and general effects, bring before us the whole' magnificence of Nature, whether pleasing or dread ful. The gaiety of Spring, the splendour of Sum mer, the tranquillity of Autumn, and the horror of Winter, tak-; in their turns, possession of the mind. He imparts to us so much of his own enthusiasm, that our thoughts expand with his imagery and kindle with his sentiments. The highest praise which this poet has received ought not to be sup pressed; it is said by Lord Lyttelton, that Thomp son's woiks contained — ' No line which, dying, he could wUh to blot.' This poet, then, thus addresses the four seasons: — ?' These, as they chnnge, Almighty Father, these Are hut Ihe varied God. I he rolling year Is full uf thee. Forth in the pleasing Spring Tny homily walks* thy tenderness and love Wide flush the field ; the softening air is balm ; Echo tlie mountains round; the forest smiles ; And every senss and every heart is joy. Then cumes thy glory in the Summer-months, With light and heat refulgent. Then thy Sun Shoots full perfection through ttie swelling year. And oft thy voice in dreadful thunder speaku; And oft at dawn, deep noon, or falling eve, lly brooks and groves, in hollow-whispering gales. Thy bounty shine: in Autumn unconfineil, And spreads a common feast for all that lives. In Winter avsful Thou I with clouds and storms Around Thee thrown, tempest o'er tempest rolled, Majestic darkness ! On the whirlwind's wing, Riding sublime, Thou bidri'st the world adore, An:t humblest nature with thy northern blast. Mysteiious round I what skill, what force divine, Deep- felt, in these appear 1 a simple train ; Yet so delightful mixed, with such kind art, Such beauty and beneficence combined, And all so forming an harmonious whole, Shade, unperceived, bo softening into shade ; That, as they still succeed, they ravish still ; But, wandering oft, with rude, unconscious gaze, Wan marks not Thee, marks not Ihe mighty band lhat, ever busy, wheels the silent spheres ; Works in the secret deep ; shoots streaming thenca The fair profusion that o'ersprearis the spring : Flings from the sun direct the flaming day; l^ds every creature; hurls tho tempest forth, And. as on earth this grateful change revolves, With transport touches all the springs of life :— Nature alterid .'—join every living soul Beneath the spacious temple of the sk/. In adoration join ; and ardent praise One general song 1 ' In the varied magnificence, therefore, of the work* of the creation, are imaged forth, in boundles3 pro fusion and in every imaginable expression of beauty the perfections and attributes of the Sovereign Architect of the universe. [The great length of this lecture, and the necessity of presenting our readers with matter on current topics, com pels the postponement of the remainder of. It till a future day.j , , 