TEE Pif EASE 'AMOWFOWLS. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE ARGUS. Sir-At baVa nodoubt'thafc'your correspondent "A Suburban Subscriber, who wrings Wiout theDIsedso in Fowls in to-day's Argus, is actuated by very good motives, but I believe, mefy' practical housewife will agree with me in thinking that either his pathological deductions nor his categorical assertions are much to be depended on indeed, they rather tend to mislead than inform. ' -, > 1 His logic,'too,'is as questionable as his reasoning. When Oncena fowl shows itself, Sick '" quoth your correspondent, " remedies greaseless?,'" it is On iaitaccompli; and than he proceeds to give his curative remedies and treatment When he gave his fowls an old wall to eat they did not die, but when they were deprived of that nutriment they gave up the ghost.' The plain English of which is, that if they really had the distemper which occasionally shows itself amongst the poultry here, they would have died in spite of the old wall, and if they did not have the distemper, then the deprivation of the lime contained in the wall would probably have occasioned then to lay soft eggs. I opine that is the only effect which time could have had upon them. Passing over the remarks about appointed and want of appetite for this and that, the assertion; that when once fowls sicken the: die, I must say is quite incorrect. Fowls in the course of hatching will frequently shioA unmistakable symptoms ' of ' mortal illness and in many cases when they have hatched drop down 'dead; but that proceeds from vermin. In such CBEOS, if the bird was rammed it would be found to be covered with pediment, and if the straw of its ne: were that died it would he found to be a ma3 (f vermin. Our friend the Suburbans would probably call the fowl's ilihes3'-ob distemper, and he could allow it to die. It remedy I have to offer will be found a con plete restorative. ' '?> Let the fowls be, rubbed" all over its body with the ashes of a wood fire and the second or third application was completely restore it to its accustomed vigo What recalled the distemper too often proceeds from dirt and the Want of proper shade in summer time. If an open box' was to be filled with wood ashes, so that the few night roll and bathe in them, and they had shady retreat to retire to during the, sultry weather, I believe that, there would advise half the mortality that there is 'ho among the poultry. are I do not deny the existence of an army pheric distemper among them on t tt contrary, in the columns of the Argus, about two years ago, I called the attention of the tenant and man of science to the fact, as invited their assistance in the matter. ill late Dr. Maund kindly-responded ; he arose in my opinion that death arose from amuse tion in the cases I submitted, and promise his aid to investigate the reason from what that arose.,' His untimely death, ''however prevented his researches reaching .(% public ear. , a \ ' I have the honor to remain, Sir, ¿"ti - Winm nhnrtlnntlu I MATERFAMIDrAS; Collingwood, Feb. 1. ALPACAS from AUSTRALIA -A Kendal correct pondent) of ithe,ÍÍ77iíJ wrltesit-"ï beg to forward j you the following extract from a letter received the other day from a friend, Mr. Henry Swlnglehuret, Valparaiso :-"W6 have had the great Mr. Ledger with ns dining Occasionally, and have been greatly diverted by his untiring yards on Jua alpaca expedition Be in i Livingstone Nos 2, and in other time; will be looked upon as authors of friends are few have known and hardly, any equalled in shows, desert, and mountain regions with social, political, and religious difficulties in the work against him, Sometimes all but tuned in mountain snows, with hungry men and flocks i to protect; now chased by, the police, and again hunted by the hungry natives in pursuit of the stock, and with, all the privations of six years' absence strongly home and family, and over a journey of GLoCK leagues with animals and men, sometimes having even, to defend themselves, from the ferocity of their own mules, lost they should be eaten by them as not rare event. went enough, Mr. Ledger has nearly 400 alpacas 61 the coast ready for shipment to Australia, to which place he takes them and I trust in may arrive safe, and thus confer upon Aaatra his and England one of/, the greatest boon and cools bestows.' "Leeds Mercury, Oct. 7. 