MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN BRITTANY. (From a Walking Tour in Brittany. By J. M. Jephson, F.S.A.) The wedding generally takea place at the expiia tion of a month after the first opening of negotiations, aud in the uieaLtirae all is bustle and activity within th9 house and without it. The yard and thrashing floor aro occupied by carpenters, plauieg boards for tbe temporary tables, and hammering together trestle's to support them. Iu the barns and attics are talloi a and maatua makers sewing away at those splendid jaskets and gaiters, and embroidering caps for the wedding dres.es. The Uls clos aro polished, tbi» linen is washed, and tlie copper skillets burnished till they eMuo liko gold. Tue bridesmaids and groomsmen are next chosen, and on a Satur day night the whole party resort to the parsonage, where tbe ceremony of betrothal is performed. They thence adjourn to a plentiful supper, aud next day, at high mass, the banns are published. The bazvalan accompanied by one of the bride's relations, is now sent round, to invite all the neighbors to the wedding. Being generally a great gourmand, he takes care to arrive just about dinner time, at any house whero he exuects to find warm housekeeping ; and, after striking thrice on the door, he intones the salutation ' Health and happiness to all in this houp.e ; I couio tho herald of a wedding.' Then he discloses the oames of the intended, indicates tho lime and place of the foasfc, and finally sits down to tab'o. When the appointed day has arrived, tho yard belonging (0 tho bride's house is early filled with a merry cavalcade. At its head is tho bridegroom, attended by tha 'host man.' At au appointed signal the bazvalan alights, ascends liUU S.ep3, UUU lHJIJruvitiUB a auug, wuiuu ia nuawuieu from within by another singer on tho part of the bride. These songs are always founded on the samo traditional theme, but the manner of treatment varies with tho taste of tho poetical tailor. Formerly, within the memory of some persona, tho rival poets claimed to he the present incarnations of celebrated parsonages of old ; for the bards, of whom the tailor is the Buocesaor, hold the doctriua ' that the soul of our.grandara might aptly inhabit a bird.' In ono of theso songs tho bazvalan says, ' I am Samson, who killed tho Philistine,' and so on in tho same strain. The Bieutacr, or bride's poet replieB : — 'Knowledge 13 bettor than strength. I received the law from God, on Mount Siuai. I am LIo»ea. I was I who recovered the Holy Scriptures which wero lost when Jerusalem was taken. It was I who made the poems attributed to Theocritus. I was Virgil, the frieud of Augustus.'1 This curious relic of on exploded faith was, 110 doubt, uymbolical, and intended to assert that strength was the excellence of niau, snd prudence the excellence of woman. That it ia founded on very old tradition is proved by the fact that Taliessen, a bard of tho sixth century is re presented in the ' Myvyrian ' as speaking in tho siina strain: 'It was I who gavo Moses power to pass tho rit-er Jordan ; I taw tho destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah ; I was Alexaudor's standard bearer; I know tho names of tbo Btat-s from tho west to the east.' I ain not awaro that Shak speare's commentators have observe! tho analogy between Owen (Jlendower's baastiug vein, and these national poems ol tho Bretons, whether of Wales or Avmoriei. In ovory holo and corner of ! literature one oomes across proof* of tho great master's extraordinary accuracy in depicting natiocal ns well fis individual character. But to return to tho bazvalan : tho following may be taken as a speci men of the ordinary dialogue carried on between him and the breutfttir, or bride's poet, on the;- morning of the wedding : — Bazvalan : In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, blessing be upon tlii-t house, and joy, more than boa fallen to a) lot. Breutcfr Aad wtiat 13 the matter with jnu, my frieud, tbat your heart is sad ? Bazvalan : I had a little dove in my dovehouso, with my pigeon, and Ibe sparrow hawk came like a blast of wind, and frigh'tn«d my little dove, and I know not what is become uf her. Breutau'r : You seem very sprues for a rosn in such affliction. You have combed your fair hair [the tailor's hair is generally red] an if you were going lo a dance. Baz valan : My good fellow, do not mock me. Have you not seen my little white dove ? I shall never enjoy a moment's happinew until I hare found my little white dove. Breutaer: I have not seen your litilo dove, ' nor your white pigeon either. Bazvalan : Young man, you lie. [Fazvalan is uot very polite, it must be owned.] The people outside have seen her fly towards your yard, end alight in yovir orchard. Breutaer : I have not seen your little dove, nor your white pigeon either. Bazvalan : My white pigeon will be found dead if bis mate return not. My poor pigeon will die. I will go and look through the key hole. Breutaer : Stop, my friend, you shall not go. I will go myself and see. [He goes iDto the house, and returns.] I have gone into my orchard, my friend, and I havo not found your dove, but quantities of flowers, of lilacs, and of eglantine, and, above all, pretty littlo rose, which blooms in the corner of th hedge. I will go and fetch it to you, if you like, t gladden your spirits. (He again goes into the house and leads out a little girl.) Bazralan : Truly a charm ing flower 1 beautiful and fit to gladden the heart. If mj pigeon were a drop of dew, he would drop upon it. [After a pause.] I will go up to tha garret, per haps she has iiowu in there. Breutaer : Stop, my friend 1 Stay a moment, I will go myself. [He re turns with the mistress ef the house.] I went up into the garret, and I found no doves ; I' fonnd only this ear of corn, which has been left behind after the harvest. Set it iu your hat to console you. Bazva Ian : As raany grains as are in tbe car of corn, so many young shall my little dovo gently cover with her wings in her nest, aud she in tho midst. [After a pause.] I nm going to look in the field. Breutaer: Stop, my friend. Don't go. You will dirty your fine shoes. I will go in stead. [He returns with the old grandmother ] I can nowhere find a dove. I have only fonnd au apple, only this withered old apple, under a tres amongst the dry leaves. Put it in your pocket, and give it to your pigeon to eat ; he won't cry. Bai valan : Thank you my friend- A good apple, though wrinkled, lose* not its savour. But I don't want your apple, your flower, or your ear of corn. I want my little dove. I must go and look for her myself. Breutaer: Good Lord, bow cunning he is 1 Come then, my friend, come with mo. Your littlo dove is not lost. It was I who kept her in ray chamber, in an ivory cage, of which the wires are of gold and silver. There she is, all gay, all pretty, all beautiful, all dressed out. The bazvalan is ad mitted ; he sits down at the table for a moment, then goei to fetch the bridegroom. As soon aa the bridegroom appears, the father presents him with a horse-girth, which be passes round the bride's waist. Whilst be buckles nnd unbuckles the girth, the breutaer Bings : THE SONG OF THE GIRTH. I saw in the mead a youns filly, full of joy. She thought of no harm, bIio thought of nothing but of playing in the mead, Of gruzins on tbe green herbs, anil drinking of tho stream. But along the road posted a handsome young cavalior, oh, how handsomol So handsome, so -well-made, bo full of spirit 1 his garment* glittering with gold and silver. And the lilly, wlicn she saw him, Btood still in amaaoment. Gently she approached him, and stretched out her neck over then fence ; And the cavalier caressed her, and placed his face beside hers; A.nd then he kissed her, and she liked it well ; And then he bridled har, and then he girthed her. When this curious ceremony isovor, tbe bazvalan in vokea upon the bride tho blessing of God, of all tha saiuta, and of her ancestors, down to her grandfather at whose feet she kneels. It is ds rir/ueur tbat she should now shed a few tears. The fired bridesmaid raises her up ; the breutaer places her hand in that of the bridegroom, make3 them exchange rings, and pledge their troth one to the other. Then ho in tones over them the Lord'a Prayer, the Ave Maria, and the 130lh Paalm, beginning ' Out of tho doop have 1 called to thee.' The bride is now led to the door l-y tho ' ' best man,' with as many braid3 of silver on her arm as she has thousands cf frauss for her dowry. Next comes the bridegroom with tho first bridesmaid. The bazvalan leads up the bridegroom's horse, and holds it while he mounts. Tho ' best man'1 lifts the bride up behind the bridegroom. When all havo mounted, the gates aro opened, the whole party start off for the church at n gallop, and he who arrives first receives a sheep for a prize. In somo places it is the custom for the bridal party to follow the parson into the vestry after ho leaves the altar, the ' best man' carrying a basket covered with a napkin. From this . the parson takes a white loaf, and, making the sign of the cross over it with a kn'fej cuts a slice, which he divides between the bride and bridegroom. This is probably the origin of our wedding-cake. He then takes out a bottle of wine, aud pour3 it into a silver goblet, from which tho bride groom drinks and passes it on to the bride. When the bridal party leave the church, guns are let off in their honor, and all return to the bride's house, preceded by bagpipes and tambourines. Here they find the rooms carpeted ivitb. white cloth strowed with garlands, aud innumernblo tables aro laid both in side and out. At the end of one of them ia placed the bride, under a canopy of green branches ami flowers. Some old man recites tho Benedict!?, and eneh course is ushered in by a tune of tho bagpipe, an J a dance. After the dessert the guests remain ,%fc tablo till bodtiine. The following song is a favo rite ou these occasions : — THE TAuXK-SOXO. 0 Holy Virgin of rievln I Night and morning ; I aee tho ?liimney of my iselovcd. 1 gee the smoke ascend from tho chimney of my beautiful . love, who - ausc9 me all this grief. I must go and speak to her once more. ' Loizaik Alan was singing: a9 she drove her cows that morn ing ? as slie was gaily driving her cowd to the nevr field, Lolziik Alan was sinking merrily. Sho had raise 1 up her white cap; her eyes are blue, hor hnir is ilaxon, ho' cheek ia pink aa the ilower of he maple. She disdains all her lovers. She iiad mounted the slilo, to open the gato for hor cow», when she saw Tiarik, her lover, who was walkiug in the valley. Piabik. My RWeot one, I was going to your houso, to nsk you to marry me. Oive mo a favorable answer, such 113 \our mother once gave to your fathor. LOiSSAIK. Yo-mg man, I will giv i you aa answer since you ask to politely. I will not tell you a Ho. On Thursday I am goins to ho married. ' The work- people are engaged in tho village making tables andjolnt-Htools for the couipanv, who will be at the wedding on rnunday next. Thursday is my wedding- ilay. You have come too late.. Another hus sown tho flower of lovo In my garden. 1'iauik. It was I who sowed it thore, and you have torn it up, and now it is withered ; but my heart is not withered. I lore you always. Night and day I thluk only of you. Your breath comes through tho key hole to wakea mo whoa 'i lmvo passed fifty nights at your door, nnd you know it not : I wits so beaten by the wind and rain that the wator ponrcd olf ray clothes. I havo worn out three pairs of shoos in courting you ; this la tho fourth, and I have not yet heard your last word. Loizaik. If you want to havo my last word, hero it is: Turea paths lead to your houso ; take ono of them, and don't oom* bnok. So 1'iarik returned as sad as death : I ca:no to gather birch, and I found nothing but huzel. It appears that both in Wales aad Brittany biroh is the symbol of acceptance, har.sl of refusal. The evening is spent in revelry. Songs like that which has juut been cited are sung, and the seeds of many a future wedding are sown. At midnight the brido is undrossed and put to bed in presence of the company. TUa bridegroom, places himself beside her, A milk- soup is theu served up to them, with walnuts and oltes. The dis- ? tributing of walnuts at a wadding is a oustoni of grenfe antiquity. Thus C&tiilliu;, ia ths Epithalnuiium of Julia aud Manlius :— ' Da niicon piieris, uiei'3 Concubine.' Meantime the bagpipes play the luuo of tho ' Soup* aulait,' aud tho young people Biug the words. In some places it is customary to fill the bed with young children — sweet emblems of innocence. Next morn ing all tho beggars in the country assomble at tha house, drcBScd in their finest rajs, and are regaled with tho remnants of the feast. The bride herself, with petticoat tucked up, waits at table upon tbe womon, the bridegroom upon the men. Then tho bagpipes once more come into action, nnd the most respected of the tattered troop treads a measure with tha bride, while tho bridegroom leads out a beggar- womau. The favored beggar nost oings a song, composed fu' the occasion, in praise) of tha bride. Before they go they wish tho newly-married j ' Honor, riches, marriuge-blcssin;,-, Long oontinuanci) and increasing-, Earth's Increase and foispn plenty, Harna nnd garners never empty, Vines with clnnterinj{ brnnoacn growing, Plants with goodly burdmi bowinp.' Then, as they leave tho house, they a.l recite toge ther, the usual prayer for _tho3o of the family who have departed with tho sign of faith. Thi3 last not of charity is never omitted by any parting guest. Such are the merry and not uugraoefal huuiourd of a Kernowote wedding. 