MULTUM IN PARVO. A site has been fixed upon for a township to be called "Wee Waa", on the south side of the Namoi River, about 130 miles to the west of Tamworth. A builder named Garsed of Sydney who a short time ago was supposed to be very wealthy, but who surprised ?everybody ^nd. 1140 to pnrticulaTtj| his creditors by be- I coming, bankrupt, has been lately committed to take his trial for perjury. The foilowiog advortrtement appears in the Record : — ' Wante-i, imtnediauly, a cuiate of decided piety and po»ii4ijog a esifflionary Bpirit, 'to a&sUt; the Vicar of a wy popnloari poriili iu tho dioeesc of Lichfield i a title can be given. No Irish need appJy. A rowing match game off lately on tlie Clyde, Scotland, betwixt two blind men in ouo boat, and two teeing, sturdy, young men in tho other. Tbo blind competitors came iu buforo their opponents about 200 ycrd*. An order hat) been given by (he French government for six Uew screw frigate*, of OOO-horsc power each, two to be built at Rechtfori, two at L'Orieut, and two at name other jwrf, each to be (thnche or eu ra$tr% a« the term uow goes, with plates of poliuhod steel, each weighing twenty two cwL, Hvo feet in length, two and a half feet in Wteadth. aud u cost of £o7 e«oh plate : these platts are to be iimerted between the planks of every piirt of the fiig«ted above bitfh a'atcr mark, and will ief.d'*r them impervious to nhot and shell The iron hail storm will poor down on ibctn iu vain, tmpaotdum jac'antnr, S.ecl shot have been fired at ihe plates fiotu h I -or t and long ranges iu the Polygon af Tlnceiims, aud they have sustained Usd injury tlufn Icliabsd Crano w)-cti the ghost threw its head at him in Sleepy Hollow. Somtime last week the Roman Catholic Church was broken open, and a number of articles belonging to the Rev, Mr O'Farrell were stolen from the vestry. A very handsome reward has been offered for the discovery of the thief or thieves. During the night of Sunday last an extensive robbery waa perpetrated on tho premises of Mr. J. J. Curran, grocer, ol Parramatta-street, nearly opposite St. Bene dict's Cburch, Sydney, the sum of £160 in notes and gold baviug boon u--«tn.cted lr-»iu u drawer iu ono of the rooms of the bouse, together with eeveial cbujuts to ij ooiuiderable amount. It ia supposed tbit q tutu who was eug*xQd ai porter ou tbe preuu*e« mu-t havo bad aotne baud iu tbe robbjry, ai bo is at pieieut uot to be Totind. The Pert \ Gatetle states that the crop* at Gren'Uikfb Flat*, Obaiupiou Kiver, baee, owin^ to the protracted drought, totally failed, upon all the Uud br- ken up thi* year, aud alfo ibe late-^own ooru iu the tldor lauds. Nothing dauuttd, it seemrf tbe Aettlera stiil contioue clearing, in hoped that another and more faVurub.e eea'nn may bring tbem a return lor t«ieir labour. From the miues in Weateru Australia, the accounts are favourable. Tbe Gw.tlla was turning out ricb Krt'- ore in lumpa of several htiudred^veight aud contuiniii^ a considerable percentage of uilver. At thu W^uoienooka mining wa- proceeding stealily aud sueje-dlul y ; of r-be ore from tbis miuo the L »pd R (glau had t-uipi-*d 125 tons, aud another fortuitfU^ . would, iu ull probabi.ity complete her enrgo of 400 tons. Mr Jiine^ Wylde, in a letter t-) the North British Jllail, olferi -l tbe following remedy for two evii» — viz, excessive crinoline aud liability to accidental uuiub'H tioti, of which the fair etx are now tbe kulj sor. By addiug to tbo sitaroh u«ed iu preparing these Ures-Je* a table- poouful ofcoiumitu uium in u powdered pta'e, the starch makes the dress f»r atifTex, and prevents it hurdl ing into fl»me when placed iu coutact with burning substances." During tho heavy westerlynsquall iu Sydney on Mon day afternoon, a boat containing two men was capsized between Bradley's Head and Fort Denison. A boat from the Amaranth was immediately manned aud pr cteded to the spot, but only succeeded in picking up one man ; the other, named Haggerty, was drowned, who, we under stand, has left a wife and family. [Death of John Haggarty registered.] The Royal Charter (s) has just made the passage from Liverpool to Melbourne in 64 days. A coi respondent of the S. M. Herald write.* that in the Upper Castlereagh River blight (in the eyes) is very prevalent from the effect of a small fly. A Chinaman was found murdered last Friday morn ing in the bush, near Goulburn. He was in the employ of Mr George Thorn, and bad been employed hilling up corn. The body-was found lying nn the ground along side of tho last row of corn he had hilled, with four cuts on tho right side of the head, apparently inflicted by a 1 hoe, which wan found covered with blood alongside tbe I body. Two of the cuty^wqea towards the back of tlio j head, and appeared to penetrate the brain. A third cut uras lower down, and a fourth on tbe right side of the mouth, fracturiug tho jaw, and ditpladng the teeth. Tbe left eyo was black and mucli swollen. A jumper, which deceased hod worn, was hanging on a tree about fifty yards off,* and a leather bag or purse, empty, waa found in a mortice-hole of the fence, about ten feet from the body, Tbe ground being covered wkh graas, there were no tracks visible; but abundance of blood was all around. Suspicion dona uot point to any particular person ai the murderer. The Goul&um; Herald says that a man, employed with others in repairing the telegraphic wires after a violent thunderstorm, was killed instantaneously when he took hold of the wire. Tho 1 Perth Inquirer' mentions tho probability of the Thomas Ann Cole convcyins some 60 or 70 passengers from Western Australia to Victoria. Olive oil, af excellent quality, has been grown and manufactured in Western .Australia. Tho export of copper ore from Champion is rapidly assuming importance. The Lord Raglan, a ship of 900 tons, has bceu. despatched to Euglaud laden with the metal. Warnborough Sound, W.A., has been pronounood suitable as a port for mail steamers. Tho Souud is 20 miles from Freemantle. * During thb present yeiu^lhe number of cases brought before tbo Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, in Melbourne, have been twico as numerous as in any pre ceding year. His Honor has publicly, attributed the circumstance to tbo operation of Mr Fellowes' Act for Imprisonment for Debt. A permanent circular theatre has been erected at Bsllaarat by tbe Chinese, and is well attended by all classes of the population. ? Tho valuo . of wool exported from tho Southern Pro vinces of New Zealand, in 1853, Was £140,072, against £8716 in ttio North. This eoason tho value of wool to be exported from tbe souther^ sottleityeots collectively, will certainly exceed £303,000, . Telegraphic communication bao been Intorruptod be tween. Adelaide and Mount Gambier sinco Saturday evening* Thecablo.at the Murray moutb has been iu jared in the late storm. . . During- the, yc$ja J8&G; and 1867 the shortest voyage btttreen EDgland and^Vlctoria wqs made it} 68 days by two ships froinr 'Lojodfon registering over 1 C00 tons, and the longest was one of 144 days by a vessel of -120 tonp. Iu nearly every -^e Lotjdon ships hare provfid iha swiftest. It has -been sngsested that the Old Bailey practice of hanging criminals should be adopted iu Melbojurno, in order to pvcld a repetition of the disgusting mis dbances which have lately been fio frequent. 3Jbo sys temidmpty consijtta in tho use of a chain to relievo tho Boose from qnaecetsary tension. William Morgan has been acquitted on tbe charge of riotously assembling his mates and destroying an en gine at Clones, Victoria, on the 20th October lust. Mr Bel) has been returned as tbe representative of South Coast vice Hon. W. C. Haines, resigned. There has been a great wind and rain storm at Indigo. A trco vr&s; bWn'down and one man killed in its fall. \- -A nov? theatre, capable of holding 600 poople, has Just been cfected afc_BallBarot. Mr HoaUina is tho manager. ' : About 100 diggers are now located on the new gold field of Hahndorf, S.A. Gold bearing qnartz has been found in tho railway cuttings in tho Black Forest. 