THE CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Allow me to correct a mistake in the letter of Mr. Farleigh, which appears in your columns to-day. Mr. Farleigh seems to be under the impression that the Church of England has only subscribed £25 towards Missionary objects at any rate, not more in some one given year. Now, it is true that, through some strange omission of the Home Society, only £25 are acknowledged in their printed report ; but we are " not so bad as we seem to be represented in that report. Our Church has subscribed some hundreds of pounds, at least, towards missions, during our present Bishop's episcopate. Our treasurer will, no doubt, shortly furnish a full account. Meantime I may state, from documents in my own possession, that -884 have been thus given ; besides the sole expense of a mission to the aborigines on the Murray for some years past and our quota- towards the support of missionaries to the Chinese to say nothing of various sums which have been sent directly to home Societies. So that, remiss as we must confess we have been, we have not been lost to all sense of our duty. I am, Sir, yours faithfully, R. B. DICKINSON, Hon. Secretary, Board of Missions. The Parsonage, Emerald Hill, Sept. 15. PS-The following copy of a pastoral letter, addressed by the Bishop to all his clergy, will sufficiently vindicate him from the charge of neglecting the cause of missions : " Reverend and Dear Sir-This Diocesan Board of Missions, considering it to be very desirable that an annual sermon should be preached, and a collection made on behalf of missions in every place of worship throughout the diocese, have requested me to communicate with the parochial clergy upon the subject. "With this request I willingly comply. For the command of Christ to his Apostles corresponds with the promise of the Father to Himself. ' Ask of me says Jehovah, and I will give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.' 'Go ye,' says the Lord, and teach (make disciples of all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ;' and that this command is not to be under stood as addressed to the Apostles only Is manifest, for the encouraging assurance which accompanies it is -' Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." AS, therefore, every true Christian must long for the evangelisation of the world, so he must endeavour, in whatever way the Lord shall enable him, by his prayers, by his contributions, by his own personal service (If he be called thereto) in the mission field, to assist in carrying; out the Divine purpose of mercy towards mankind, we cannot duly realise the 12 villages of our relationship to Christ, unless we recognise the obligations arising out of that relationship obligations which, extending beyond the bounds of our own kindred and acquaintance, and particular locality, yea, even beyond the limits of the present visible Church make us to comprehend in our sym pal by the whole human family for whom Christ died. "I would, therefore, affectionately exhort you,' whatever other claims there may be upon your people for the exercise of their Christian liberality, not to shrink from enforcing upon them that of the nations who are still lying in darkness and in the shadow of death. There is danger of our looking, disrespect to spiritual as well as temporal things, too much to our own interests, and too little to those of others: and, from the peculiar circumstances of the Church in Victoria, we are especially exposed to this temptation, ' It behoves us therefore to be upon our guard our selves, and to put our people upon their guard, against it for we shall find in this as in other instances, that there is that scattereth, and yet increaseth and there is that withholdeth more than is meet, but it tenders to poverty.' " who Board suggest that the collections in each parish and district should be appropriated to any missionary society connected with the Church, widen the clergy) and himself may select ; of which I cordially approve in the confidence that you will concur in the feelings which had u dictated this letter, " I remain, Reverend and Dear Sir, " Your faithful brother in Christ, "0. MELBOURNE. " Sydney, July 9." TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I observe in your issue of Wednesday some strictures by your correspondent " Frank Farleigh " on the alleged or seeming inactivity of the Bishop of Melbourne in regard to the cause of missions. Much as the feeling which led to his remarks may be admired in the abstract, it is a cause of much regret that censures should be passed upon any minister of the Gospel, and more especially a minister in the Bebop's position, without strict investigation and the utmost caution. Your correspondent inquires how it is that the Bishop has allowed the subject to lie in abeyance for the past few years? To this I answer, that the evident duty of a Church is first to establish its influence in its own immediate vicinity; and in the hearts of those around; also from whence would be derived the support for the extension of the cause to more distant localities? And to the attainment of this object I have every reason to believe the Bishop has been applying himself with earnestness for the years above re- fined to His time, energies, and money, have been devoted to the objects of rearing churches, supplying useful ministers, and inflaming the zeal of his people in the cause of Christ. It is not unknown to those who have made inquiry that in the prosecution of these designs the Bishop has encountered serious difficulties, which have in some instances proved insurmountable for the present ; but it is highly probable that if the flocks under his charge had exerted themselves equally with himself, he would have been spared great anxiety, distressing perplexities, and much Christian sorrow. The Bishop is not in a position to advance his claims to the grace to do of his Church for his efforts to advance its i spiritual. interests: but I trust that those who have the honour of his friendship (which I have not), and are at liberty so to do, will not hesitate to explain to your correspondent and others, that it is it matter for thankfulness that the ministers of the Gospel in this colony are enabled to pursue their Master's work to the extent they at present etc, in the midst of such coldness and rank in orldlinesB as are too apparent in our Christian communities. Lot each member of every Church t examine himself as to whether he has done all that he could to forward the designs of the Gospel, nor, seek, as a palliation of his own Take n firmness and neglect, to charge with blame mon w liOBO anxieties are already burdensome. It is time that the old absurd notion of expecting the ministry to be the sole agency in the advancement of Christianity were abandoned. It doubtless is proper and advantageous that the pastors should be the exponents of the views and the deputies in action of their respective Churches ; but to seek to lay on them both the origination and execution of the efforts for the extension of Christ's kingdom is an outrage on the common sense of an ago in which the advanced intelligence of society arises from the ministry the enforcement of truth, rather than its ox ponence/ilrtd by means of which nearly every member of a Church is in very many cases as able to move in the cause of Gospel extension m hit, minister. Away, then, with these constant carping at the ministers of the Gospel, and for i be future lot every member from the pulpit of his position in society preach such a sermon in his life and conduct as shall be a living epistle, known and read by all men and, if this be the mode of action, the cause of Christ will very speedily flourish so abundantly here that, as a natural consequence flowing from Christian benevolence, which always leads t> b.ncficence-devoted men will be found in num b. is, who, while pursuing their worldly calling i in other lands, will never fail to announce to those heathen whom they may visit the " glad I tidings of the Gospel of peace," and also assist to build up in their most holy faith those who may have previously heard the "glad sound." By this means the way would be prepared for the permanent establishment of missions; and thus, soon would the day arrive when the " knowledge of the Lord would cover the earth." Apologising for the length of these remarks, I beg to remain, Sir, yours obediently, E. G. A. Wreckyn-street, North Melbourne, September 15. TO THE EDITOR OF Til li ARGUS. Sir,-May I beg the favour of your admitting into your paper the following lines, on a subject which will, I hope, justify me in thus troubling you? Having been present at the Church Missionary meeting on Monday evening, I am not surprised at the impression produced on the mind of your correspondent, Mr. Farleigh. When the statement was made to which he refers, I felt it is as too late in the evening to rise to call attention to it: -It was given hastily, and without any of those explanations which many could have furnished. But, standing, as it did, alone, it seemed to me certain it must do the Church of England much injury, and I hoped my friend as be advanced , it would explain it. He did not and thus it is that the inference apparently drawn by Mr. Farleigh and others is, that, with the exception of the Sjhtnry £25 from Williamstown, nothing was time for the various missionary societies of our Church during the past year. If the fact were so, or anything like it, then we not only deserve individual censure, but the most unqualiSoJ public reprobation. Selfishness is a sin not unknown among us indeed,- it is too openly obeyed by many to be hidden or doubted : but it is not to characteristic of the members of our Church as this hasty and partial statement implies. As a matter of simple justice to my own parishioners, and feeling convinced that many parishes are not behind St. Kilda, I would ask permission to insert with these remarks a summary of collections in my congregation for the past six years for the different purposes of the Church Missionary, Bible, Jews Missionary, and Gospel . Propagation Societies; and also for the Victoria Missions to the Aborigines and the Chinese 1858, total collections ... £70 11 in 1857, do. 34 left -1! < 1856, do. 36 3 A 1855 do. 36 18 n 1854, do. 21 five 1853\. do. .... 60 9 I , i. Total . £305 TE These donotinoludo collections, &c.; for the Church's Home, or Diocesan Mission, orford various local and other charitable objects in,: i to 385 y0arB'aInounted No 2743, or probate While so far correcting, through your hearing the statement unintentionally mW aTCS' nig, and thoroughly convinced that large as" Mrs in our Church are neither insensible lukewarm to our missionary COST candidly avow my conviction that, gcSeiallv " are not half awake to our responsibilities to Go? to one another, and to the world. oil , Yet, while insisting on this fact in a. i d publicly as possible, no advantage caS furn:ignoring the Christian lovc., and zeal "n c ambitions of many. '? T Nor will the unkind remarks and reflections ". our much revered Bishop answer any end but the display the want of information from which W M ero advanced. Every one who knows WaS ship can testify that it is not his wont to WA after the orgy or laity unearned whereadmo nations called for, and that on this paper' duty of supporting the missions of our Church In best never been silent or unfaithful. sources 'as i Let us hope that the members of the winner. cf England in this colony will be awakened lately to co-operate in all that concerns X common good and common work of that Church? and that by the answer of a noble ChriS < activity, they will meet and roll back the reS which not a few seem pleased to find an E trinity of flinging, the the Church Stefan people a cold in the ttfib0ti0M of E Apologising for the length of these armed,,, I am, Sir, yours very sincerely, D. SEDDON. St. Kilda, September 14. 