MVaBUMBlDSEE LACHIiAJT iiTTD ?TTJfCTIOK. (Tntm O* Civ—ftndent of Tmt Lmriir. February 18th, 186«. We are BOW ?? I '?«*'«iniT anniher of those ' sodden change* fer which- the Australian climate is so notorious, last Sunday a severe . i -?' hot wind blew all d»y long and the thermo- . ' meter went up to 107 in tbe shade , now we have a very *old southerly wind and the glass own to 82. Ivery person i* complaining of the eold, and blankets and coats are again in re quest.— Th* navigation of the Biver Darling by the Albury and Gemini steamboat* is much talked of here, and it is thought that the frequent presence of steamboat* on that river,' . as well as on tha Murrumbklgat, will render any exponse in attempting to navigate the lower . part of the shallow Lachlan a perfect waste of. money. The Iaehlan continues unusually high, and at no time dnring the present season ha* it been possible to cross the ' Junction on foot, so that all pedestrian* have had to pro ceed along the south bank of the Murrumbirfge*. — The plan of advertising lost horses in tho local newspapers ia gradually gaining more «npporL ronr the fact of some persons having recovered horses that bad strayed to a long distance, by means of advertising in the Courier and other ft '''lepers.— Amongst other emigrants to Australia a fair proportion of ghosts and spee ds appear to arrive and ocenpy themselves with filing various localitie. an/ frightening nu-. ... merous persons, both drunk and sober. Amongst nauntedepots in this colony the' Black Swamp, on the south side of tho Murrumbidgee may now ' m classed. The dr»*dfnl spectres seen in tb* 1£!C. F°re9t. jnat previous to the death of William Eufus, were nothing to be compared to is superhuman apparitions witnossfd at th* Black Swamp on many occasions. Btockmen watching eattle hove had them snddcnlr rushed, and on searching for them have been nomfled to notice a man without a head chosint; ths animals j tailers riding elowly after mobs of r«i!r , ' ^ ,fretlnent'T noticed aa «- '''Ctoy fccUsf 66b trotting Qamjk Se. '.'? *ttJb a,t railway speed, »nd disappearing flmott immSdiatsly in a molt unaccountable sinner, after dispersing the osttle in all direc tion*, ffrom the«a ana other causes the Black |»»rap hat corns to be considered bi a itngerous spot, particularly after sundown, i md as noon .might a person expect to puia *tii I ufetj the. hedtb. where Macbeth met tho witches I p the spot whern Tarn O'Shahtor encountorod I is warlocks aiid witches' as to- cn-93 the Black I liramp without seeing some, dreadful spectra | or receiving soroo dreodful fright. — I liardly I know if it i» right to communicate to tlioso of J your readers who are fUhorraon a pieeo ol in 1 formation oonoerning baitp, aa they will not be I able to take advantage, of it without exercising I (ome amount of cruelty. Sometime since, I noticing a blaakiollow taking somo very young I iwallows 'out of a nest, I watched to sen what j U would do with them, as I felt assured they j ten not worth eating ; to my surpris* I found J (h»t hs used them as baits for catching ood-Snh, j sad itemed to think them almost indispensable 1 torching at that timo of tho yoar. 