POULTRY BREEDING. I The N'.- 0. Picayune.gives the following description of a poultry rearing establish nientTnear., Paris. The, enterprise ' is de serving.of the.attention of Victorian Agri culturists. . Horse flesh ;inay not perhaps bo so readily available* or the economic products of the''animal frame so profitably disposed of. Tiiere are, however, other, scources from which; animal-.food could .readily be obtained, and the higher price which poultry and eggs. would realise in this marked,' would more than "counterbal ance tlie extra cost of:" labor and food :— "Mr. De Sora, possessoi1" of an okLdilupi dated estate near;Paris, having discovered the secret of making hens lay every day in the.year, '.by feeding: them > with, horse flesh, raw and"minced,'bethought him of going- into the fresh egg business on a. large sralc. ! This estate was just what; ho wanted in the way- of grounds, and it. proximity to Paris, assured him of a ready market. He began his experiment-with tliree hundred liens,:.and. found that:they averaged the: fii;«t. yearvsoino ^5 dozen eggs each. .! Last season i;hc, had 100,00q lions at work with a lair proportion of male birds,. and the proportionate result was the same. ■--The.-sheds,..-offices,- and other buildings, are around a quadrangle, en'clbsing.about twenty acres, thegeuural feeding ground. : This, is subdivided by fences of open p.ding, so that only a limited number of fowls; arc alio wed to herd to gethcr:aud these .are, ranged in different apai'tmenls, according to their age; no bird.being" a'lo.wed to exceed four years. .At the end of t,he: fourth year, they are placed in , the fattening coops for about three, weeks, fed entirely on crushed grain, and sent to Paris alive. The breed ing rooms are wanned by steam, and the heat: is'ki'pt up with -'remarkable!:uniformity to that evolved by the f lie lowl during the process of in'cubatio .'inch-is- known to mark higher on the ■..thermometer than at any other' period.; * As?ries of shelves, one above the oilier,"form' the.nest^ while blankets are spread over the.icggs to ex clude any accidental light. . The hatched chicks are removed to-Vim. nursery each morn ing, and fresh eggs (aid:in to supply the place of empty shells. A constant succession of chickens is thus insured, and, moreover, the feathers, are always free from vermin. A hen is never allowed to set. The males and females mingle free ly at all seasons. All the Shanghae, Cochin China, and'Other fancy fowls, have been got rid of, as the old- fashioned barn yard breed is found to be more cheaply and easily raised, and'to give better eggs and flesh. To supply/the great consump tion of meat, the numerous disabled and worn-out horses in and around Paris are depended on.- They are neatly and scienti fically slaughtered at M. De Sora's own abattoir. The blood is sold for art pur poses. The tanners buy the skins. Tho glue-makers and manufacturers' of Prus sinn-blne get the heads, hoofs, shanks, etc. The button-makers buy tho larger bones. The ajxri cultural merchants take the re-1 mainder of the bones, ■ for. bone-dust or ivory-blatjk making. The marrow is made into fashionable ointments, lip-salves, See. Even the entrails are put Lo use. Tim flush is cut into curtain proportions, passed through' a' series of revolving knives, and comes out in (he shape of. a mountain of mince-meat, which is slightly seasoned with salt' and ground pepper—the hens are epicures, it' appears—then' put into barrels, headed,op, and sent, per railroad to the hfiicry. .: There it is kept in store rooms, the temperarure of -.which' is just below the freezing point all ihe year round/! and thus the mince-meat is never sour or! offensive. The fowls eat it with avidity, ■ are always in good condition, and the hens 1 lay each an egg almost every day, in all I weathersand seasons. . They have besides 1 :plenty of pure water, with gravel and sand.' The average consumtion of horses per day is twenty-two, and so well arranged is the system that, the proceeds of the sale of the hides, bones, etc., make a profit on the original cost of the horses. Anolheritem of profit is the manure from the fowl-yards, which is ea'gbrly sought for by the garden ers in .the neighborhood. About one hun dred persons,mostly females, are employ ed in the: various ^departments of tlie henery. The expenses of tiie establish meat, ^including ' repairs,' interest, &c.;,' amount t" about 7500= dollars per annum. The "sales of-eggs last winter, were 40,000 doztiQ aweek, at lour francs for six dozen, or 5,000 dollars per 'week; which is, 250,000 dollars per annum'. ' So that M. De Sora'can both clock and * crow over liis liens, that bring liiin in a clear revenue, of nearly 170,000 dolls, a year. j Exhaustion of tiikv: Land in' America.—Will it greatly surprise ouri readers to heav that complaints are be coming common o>'er tlic vast spaces' of the American, States of a lapse ol'tlie land move marked (banthe ■ worst of England! It is to be feared .that such complaints are: only too•! well founded. We have been accustomed to think:of, the valleys of all the great!.ri.ve.rS} of the ^prairies and - forest' clearings, as practical lyi nexliaustible.1 Yet wenon; find that in some of tlie.richest of them, as far as repuie goes, cultivation is actually 'ceasing;, while in many more it is becoming so ill repaid, as: to render the prospect• very dreary., The cele brated Genesse valley is so infested with the IIessian fly and the wouvil tl 1 at :it is now a question whether to grow wheat theve again. The farmers are cryi n g o u t I'o r ga m e,l a\vs. —Daley News Mr Cave's Prize Wheat.—The splendid sample oi wheat exhibited by Mr. Cave, of Gnm'firacha (not, Mount LSarker., as erroniously stated in the re port,) vvhicjli took the first prize at, the show, on the Park Lands, last'Thurs day, vvas oi the kind called Tuscan, and was grown from seed* obtained last year Iron) Mr John Frame, of Mount Barker. , The seed was put in upon new land, after a crop.cf maize, about the 1st of May, and .the corn was cut by hand be."ore the grain was quite ripe,, or. rather when'the milk was just out and the grain still soft. Mr Care sold the twelve'bushels he brought to the pavilion at 15s per bushel, the purchaser being an Adelaide merchant, who intends shipping it to Van Die man's Land. The, wheat weighed OS lbs 11 uz. to the bushel, having been mea sured by the new imperial bushel just imported from England for the Society, by Messrs. Tuxfort. Probably, had a proper rourul strike been used instead of a Hat one, the weight might have been rfn ounce or two more.—S. A. Reaisler. 'A P A K A G R APII X*0It HOUSEWIV'ES.— To those who desire to impart Ao shirt fronts, collars, and other fabrics, that line and beautiful .gloss.-observable, on new linens, the following receipe for mak:ng gum arabic'starch will.be most acceptable, and should have a. place in the domestic scrap hook of every wo-, .man who prides herself upon hercnpa citv as house-wife, and the neatness of her own and family dross ; and if she docs not take pride in them, the hus band; is an unfortunate man., Take two ounces of white gum arabic pow der, put it into a pitcher,'and pour, into it a pint or more of boiling water (according to the degree of strength you desire) ar.d then, having1 covered it, let it set all night. In the morning, ponr it carefully from the dregs intJ a clean bottle, cork it. and keep it for use. A table spoonful of gum water stirred into a pint of.starch that has been made in the usual manner, v.'i11 give- the lawns (either white,.black, or printed) a lookof newness, whan nothing else can restore them after washing. It is also good, much diluted, for thin white inus-, lin and liobbinet. ■ Oddities of the New Mariuage Act.—1The Gelong Advertiser say's that tlib list o('qualified marriage- solemnisera is followed by perhaps the most extra ordinary clause that ever \vas inserted in any Act. lt declares that whenever any minister '', shall die or depart the. colon}', or , otherwise become disqunli fitul, his functions shall cease," and if he '' shall continue it) violation of the provisions herof to perform any marriage ceremony," lie slndl be liable to the pe nalties specified,"—namely, a fine oi five hundred pounds awl-imprisonment for five years. We have heard of spectre bridegrooms and syren bsides, but ghosts and clergymen are not sup posed to be employed in celebrating even their nuptials. Priests must be very careful indeed. Henceforth ubi quity will be a statutory crime j at least if a priest remains in the colony after he has left it* he must leave ofF inarrv ing folks. Tlie law considerately pro vides, however, that.even if tin; olficia tor be dead or absent, the marrago will be valid and binding. End of tiif, World.—Is it not probable, ma}' it he aslied, that tins time will come when the gloho -itself will come to an end? And if it be so, can scicnco'detect the provision tliat is pos sibly made for,this.c.CHisumm$:ion. of all/ things i -We have seen that the atmos pherc has for long been undergoing a change ; tliat at a very early period it was charged with acid, the carbon of which now forms pari, of animal and vegetablestructures. We saw also that at first it contained no ammonia; but since, vegetation and decomposition be gan, the nitrogen, that existed in the nitrates of the earth; and some of the nitrogen of the atmosphere have been gradually .entering into new combina tions, and forming ninmonia; and- that the quantity of ammonia, a substance at first non-consistent, has gradually in creased and as it is volatile, the atmos phere now always contains some of it. The quantity has now become so great in it that it can always'be detected by ,chemical analysis. There is'an evident tendency of it to increase in the atmos phere. Now, supposing it to go on in creasing up to a certain point, it forms with air a mixture that; upon the appli cation of fire-, is violently explosive. An atmosphere charged with ammonia is liable to explode whenever a flash of lightning passes through' it. And such an explosion would doubtless destroy, perhaps without leaving traces of, the present order of things.—Z)r. Lvnley Kemps Natural History of Creation. 