' BATHJJBST. Wo have the Time* at Thursday. Mr. MoPhil lamy addressed the West ; Macquarie eleotora at Bookley on tho ,93rd, ' and was well racelved. Mr. Whalan hud a mooting at Sofala last Saturday week. His " parts'of speech " were taken exception to by Cap. tain Harris, but a resolution in his favour was passed. EESIONAMON.-A meeting of the committee of J. F. Clements and J. B. M'Guigan, Esqs., was held at Mrs. ShortiU's, Prince Albert Inn, on Tuesday last, when it was agreed, that in order to secure the election of tbe former gontloman;-Mr. M'Guigan should retire from the field. Mr.'Botton's remarks at his late meeting, which were evidently intended to drive Mr. McGuigan to the poll, have not been sucoessful, that gentleman having too muon good sense to weaken the obanoes of Mr. Clements' election by dividing tbe interssts of the same paTty. The Iiaohlan correspondent of.' the Time» says : "The weather still continues dry, without tho slightest indication for rain. There is nothing doing in tbe fat. cattle line, ' or anything else, horaes'and cattle being so very weak. Were it not for being ablo ta got supplies at tbe Murrumbidgee, tbe squattera would be but badly off. We do not hear a word of electioneering here, onlv through the press. The Wellington correspondent of the same journal writes-" Rain is ooma at last,'and happily in sufficient quantities to civa a stimulus to agricultural operations. The plough is now at work in all directions. It cams also timely for the grasiors,-for feed for stock was very limited, and cattle wera getting,very "low in flesh. Tho Sorghum Sacobaratam Sesam well \ adapted . to tbe. climate of this distriot : last season those who putit ander, o'ron'H»"^ «"verjiplontiful return; During the season it¡ àrêacHVtfen^w-bî'oîA-w^-gtef&vfjmsw;&fvtiu;äll quently, a great si vin g to tho stock of hay. Much moro' than haretofore is likely to be planted thia year. Wheat remains at 8B. Od. per bushel ; maize, 10s. per bushel ; hay is {scarce at £13 par ton ; potatoes, £10 per ton. Tba Improvement Committee continue to. hold their ;>-weekly meetings, and from, the success of their proceedings hitherto, we may augur that Government will comply with the wishes of tho community of Wellington, in respect to the matter for which tbay havo petitioned. The omission af Wel- lington as tho seat of a District Court appears to have I originated from a mistake, which a letter from Mr. George Lord, recaived two days since, states will at onoe 'be remedied at head- quarter». A communication-, it ap- pears, has also been reoeived by the benoh of magis- trates, in reply to a lettor sent by them to tba Minister of Lands and Works, respecting the erection of a Court- house, ¿co., and tho building of a punt for crossing tba Macquarie. We hero see tho benefit of a little sensible agitation. A party are about proceeding in the diraotion of Mitchell's Creek, some 7 miles from this township, for tba purpose ef prospecting tbe auriferous quartz reefs in that direotioxA It may be recollaotcd by many that this is therlocality wbere M'Grogor, the shop hard, obtaiaod gold in good quantities somo six years before the Hargraves disoovery. On« of the party now going "out was a resident of Wellington at that time, and saw M'Gregor, at one particular spot, beating up quartz, for tho purpose of extracting the gold. It is-currently reported that Mr. G. Lord will be up to canvass thia distriot noxt week, and to address ' the voters of the electorate, now designated tho Bogan. It appears he will ba opposed by Mr. W. F. Buchanan, who, if roport be true, will not have " a ghost of a chance." At all events, it will moko a stir in the different localities, which is very desirable just now, to correct the monotony of bash life. Regarding our own election, the fever is somewhat abated. ' Yon are' nwaro that Mr. Hyprnni mous is in the field againBt Mr. A. T. Holroyd. Owing to the illness'of tho latter gentleman, precluding him from attending to address the electors personally, the former, being on the spot, and n resident also, bas obtained the promise of the majority of tho voters in the township of Wellington. Unless, therofore, Molong 'be mhoh in favor of Mr. Holroyd he will not bo returned ; but should Molong deolare in his favour, no doubt thero will bo a hard fought contest. ' INTENDED DEPAJITUBS or MRS. DB Laosr.-III tho same number of our journal which reaords tho advent to tho Sonth Sea of another baton of tboso pions ladies, the Sisters of Meroy of the Marist Order, it is our most painful duty to publish the intended departure for tho convent to whioh she originally belonged in Ireland, on Tuesday next, by the Star of Peace, of Mrs, Do Laoy, the well-known noble -and saintly, woman who for BO ? many years bas 'boen tho' glory lof tho Order ¡of Sisters of St. Vincent, de Paul in this Colony, and in'whoso 'favour and for the pro» motion of tho objocts of whose community tho laity of Now South Wales have-for so many years zealously, laboured to provide " a residence" at the Hospital* of St. Vincent. Tba ostensible reasons of her departure wo refrain from publishing, principally because the oiroum stonoes have como to us in snob shape that wo cannot at present feol justified in presenting thom to tho world as -fnots, but also booauflo we believe the ostensible reasons i are not the real ones. 'Another Indy of the same sister, hood, we understand, feels also oompollod to leavo tho Hospital, and to seek again the sholtorof her parents homo. Wo much regret Mrs. Do Lacy's departure if for no othor reason, at least for this-that her evidence would be important before the delegate of the Holy Seo whom tho laity expeot to'visit this colony in answor to their petition to that efl'oof.--Saturday's Freeman's' Journal. . '. . ' ; 4 CITY Couwoiii.-A meeting of tho Municipal Oounoil will bo held thia doy, at-3 o'clock, at tho Town Hall .King.Htreet. \- iMronTANT BALKS Tina DAY.-.Tobn Q, Oohon has dealrod us to coll tbs attention of Irotimongor», Upbolnterora, and the tr«Uo generally to bis salon, This Day, Monday, May aoUi, at tba Dank . Auction llooms, to-ooraraonoo at half-past 10 o'alook, of Damaßotl i Hltnntlnif. Iroo.and Stnoli at tl, Wlnfrod'a Fatont Uedatoads, , l'lllows, Shoot Iron, rioki, *to., &o;, Further pnroular«,; soo advertlament' ! I 