BENJDIGrO SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. PER R.M.S. BOMBAY. POLITICAL SUMMARY. THE chief subject of political interest during the past month has been the olections for tho dis tricts of Saudhurst and Mandurang, that is Ben digo. At the date of our last Summary we were just entering upon the elections, and beginning to take some interest in the result. The contest is now over, the public mind has subsided into its usual state of indifference, and Sandhurst has the honor of being represented in Parliament by Messrs. It. F. Howard aud John Henderson, and Mandurang by Messrs. George Brodie and Thomas Carpenter. The time that ha3 elapsed since the election enables us to form a more deliberate and j impartial opinion upon the result of the elections, and we cannot say that we see much reason to modify the opinions already expressed that thedis tricts have nothing to congratulate themselves on; and if their representatives take any con siderable position in Parliament, it will be a fact not more agreeable than surprising. The public appreciation of the election will be best seen and understood by the degree of interest manifested in it. There never was an election here which has escited so little interest, aud it will be a long time before the same thing happens again. Of candidates we had more than enough, but none of them presented sufficiently marked characteris j tics to create any great interest, and the majority were decidedly objectionable. There are nearly 5,500 voters 011 the roll for the Sandhurst Boroughs, and the highest number of votes re corded was only 890, or one-sixth, which is the most convincing proof that could be given of the indifference of the electors in this contest. Mr. Howard, who stood highest on the pofl, is a respectable citizen of Sandhurst, where he has chiefly distinguished himself by his persevering agitation for the extension of a street in which he possesses lauded property. Such a proof of devotion to the question of pounds, shillings, and pence has been irresistible with the electors of Saudhurst; but it must be admitted in their favor that no other candidate possessed such remarkable claims upon public confidence as to throw those of Mr. Howard in the shade. Mr. Henderson, who stood next on the poll, is a politician of expe rience, aud a man of education, but his day of usefulness, we suspect, has passed. We shall be happy to find ourselves compelled to correct this opinion. It is, however, wlvspered that his devotion to the present Ministry-so justly unpopular-will lead him to support them through thick and thin. A more certain way of inducing the electors of Sandhurst to regret their selection of him as a representative could hardly be adopted. Mr. Banson, one of the rejected candidates has good prospects of being returned for the district of Creswick, which includes the goldfield of Back Creek, whither, in Benson's opinion, everything in the shape of publio spirit, political priuciple, and. genuine appreciation of worth has llown. Of the rest of the candidates we can only add that Mr. Grant withdrew from the contest, aud Messrs. Emmctt aud Dowley look forward with stronger hopes to a future occasion. The result of the Mandurang election wo have stated. Dr. Owens and Mr. Ganley, who were placed in nomination, were withdrawn before the polling day, so that Messrs. Brodie aud Carpenter may be said to have been elected without opposi tion. Mr. Brodie is a gentleman of intelligence, who promises well, but Mr. Carpenter we regard as uufit for such a trust, ill more respects than one. Mi\ Ganley made an extraordinary exhi bition of himself at a meeting previous to the election, which would have received less atten tion, had not some of his friends exerted them selves to secure votes for him after it was under stood he had withdrawn. There is a general feeling of regret among the electors that Dr.' Oweus did not come forward as a candidate and contest the election. However, the lesson that 1 has been taught them will have a salutary effect in future. The most important subject in the political world just now, as regards the colony generally, is the'effect of the elections upon the positiou of the O'Shanassy Ministry. As far as the elections have gone the result has been most disastrous to the Government, aud it seems hopeless to expect that the. elections yet to come off will effect anything in its favor. Four Ministers, Messrs. Harker, Chapman, Dr. Evans, and Ireland, have been thrown out. Four Cabinet Ministers in one day! The only one who has saved his seat was O'Shanassy himself, who was a prudent man in taking Kilmore unto him self. .At Castlemaine Mr. Ireland, Solicitor General, succumbed to Pyke, short time since Warden on Bendigo. At' Collingwood, Mr. Harker, Treasurer, succumbed to Don, Embliug, aud George M iluer Stephen ! That comes of keeping bad compauy, and paltering with principles. Chapman, the Attorney-General, at St. Kilda, dropped otf like a rotten branch, aud Michie was returned, dragging in with him Mr. Johnstone. At Richmond, Dr. Evans, Postmaster General, was thrown out in favor of two new men, and missed the second place by two votes ! So much for Ministers. As for their supporters the result was almost equally disastrous. Belford was thrown out for Ballarat East, and in Ballarat I West the two anti- ministerial candidates, Bailey and Sergeant, were returned, aud Gillies and Frazer, the Ministerial men, thrown out. In most of the constituencies the same rule has held good, the opponents of the Ministry being sue* cessful. That the fate of the present Ministry is sealed seems to be au admitted fact on all sides. There does not seem to be the ghost of a chauce for their recovering the defeat they have sustained as far as the elections have gone. Even admit - ting that these Ministerial outcasts receive friendly shelter in the bosom of some compas sionate electoral districts, yet is the doom of the Cabinet just as certain as ever, uuless some extra ordinary and unlooked-for interposition of their good fortune saves them. The defeated Ministers can only get back to Parliament by means of some partizans in some friendly coustituencies making way for them, aud thus while they gain one way they lose another. The four Ministers who were rejected by their old constituents have appealed to other districts, aud it is likely that the most of them will be elected. The nomina tion has passed over, and with the exception of Dr. Evans, they have had the show of hands at the nomination. Chapman in Dalhousie is opposed by Snodgrass, whom we are inclined to I regard as a formidablo rival. Whether he gain I the seat or be defeated matters but little to the country. His day of usefulness is past. Mr. Harker, for Maldon, has a good chance of being elected, and, compared with Ramsay aud Hell, there caunot be a doubt as to his superiority. Dr. Evans has a good chauce of being returned for Ararat, where his oratory, pompous as it is, will have some effect upon the electors, aud will throw into the shude tho small-beer twaddle of tho third rate men opposed to him. Whether Mr. Ireland will be returned for Maryborough seems doubtful. The animosity against the Ministry must be very strong which throws him out for sake of taking Mr. Levi, who is alto gether unknown to fame. We cannot say that Mr. Ireland would be muoh of a credit to any con stituency, but the man has some abilities, and witlial an energy which could be made useful. Whatever the result of tho appeal of the four Ministers to other constituencies, it is certain that the ultimate result will be much the same. The Administration caunot long survive the re assembling of Parliament. Its fate is Burely in dicated by public opinion in the various districts. The unpopularity of the Ministry is natural enough, and it is richly deserved, . Ministers have shown themselves anything but true to the liberal principles with which they were supposed to be identified, and they have committed several acts of maladministration which have mado the country ring again. But it would be unjust to ' deny that this feeling of animosity is going too far, and is likely to do serious injury to the liberal and progressive cause in the colony. It is but too apparent that the unpopularity of the Ministry is traded upon by a certain section of poli ticians who care little for liberal politics, although it may suit their purpose to join the anti-Ministerial cry. We are very glad to see the O'Shanassy Minis try receive the severe rebuff that public opinion lias given to them; but let us take care that this reaction does not throw the country into the hands of men without liberal prinoiples, and opposed to popular views, and thus throw the colony back several years. There is a difficult task just now' to be accomplished, and every well-wisher of the' country will watch with interest the events of the noxt two or three months. During the past two or three weeks an exoite ment .has, been raging in this district which has thrown everything else, elections and the fate of Ministerial candidates, altogether into the shade. This has been a share mania, the latest development of which has been the springing up like mushrooms of mining companies. The cause of this was, of course, the very high premium commanded by the shares of the Ben digo Waterworks Company. Holders of money in Melbourne all of a sudden took a very great fancy for investing in mining speculations, and the consequence is that there have been number less opportunities created for them to indulge their fancy. The mania for Mining Companies has shown itself more or loss throughout the goldfields, but it is in this district, Bendigo, that it has raged and still rages in full force. _ East, west, north, and south, Milling Companies are springing up>on every side, and those that have appeared seem only the precursors of others that are in course of formation. The cry is still they come. Bendigo seems to have been mapped out in areas for leasing purposes with a company to work each portion. The furor is not confined to alluvial workings, but has extended to the quartz workings, and there is scarcely a well known reef that doe3 not give a name to some mining company. Whenever claims have hitherto been worked unprofitably or without adequate returns, we observe that the owners are forming companies for the purpose of working them, or of getting an unprofitable speculation off their hands, as the case may be. In every portion of the district speculative individuals have been and still are spying out the riches of the land and measuring off areas for leasing. Some idea may be formed of the position this goldfield is in, from the fact, that time hundred and ninety one applications for leases have been lodged, which comprise twenty seven thousand yards of quartz reefs, and two thousand two hundred and eighty acres of alluvial ground. The prospectuses of about a score of companies have been published connected with this district, and the applications for leases actually comprise fifty miles in length of the auriferous gullies and flats of Bendigo. The staff of surveyors in the district is wholly inadequate to the work before them, and it must, under the most favorable circumstauces, even with a proper staff of surveyors, take many months before the ground applied for can be survejed. Some peculiar features have characterised these mining compauies. Men whose names have been supposed to lend character to an undertaking have been paid for the use of them. This has been more especially the case in Melbourne, where the practice is openly and unblushingly carried on. The modus operandi of getting up a mining company is very interesting, and deserves notice, as it is a modern kind of Aladdin's wonderful lamp. The enterprising projector know3 of a piece of ground which has a good name, and which has not been applied for for lease. There are probably a few puddlers and diggers on it, who, however, have no objection to sell out their interest. A bargain is struck, and probably the whole amount re quired to purchase out the present occupants is some two or three hundred pounds. This is done, and the projector next gets a Provisional Com mittee together the best way he can. It may, or it may not be, necessary to employ the golden argument to secure names, but it id just as well, because it is esseutial that the Provisional Com mittee should have a friendly leauing to the projector. The Provisional Committee having met, or having professed to meet, which is just the same thiug, it is agreed that the ground be purchased from the projector at a certain figure. The manner in which the ground is valued is peculiar, for it seems to consist in putting a cipher at the end of the amount actually paid the puddlers and other occupants to give up all right to the ground. Ihus, if it cost £C00 to buy out the previous occupants, the projector considers that he is very moderate indeed in ask ing only £3030 for his interest in the ground. As the Provisional Committee have not to pay the money which is charged to the Company, and ae the Committee usually have sound reasons for not calling in question ? the reasonable ness of the sum charged, the transac tion is arranged to the satisfaction of the parties, aud the future shareholders must pay the piper. Is it to be wondered that so excellent a plan should find many followers, and that Mining Companies should spring up on.all sides, speedy in growth aud rank in origin, like fungi on the dunghill ? The rank growth has, however, received a check. In consequence of- the recommendations of Mr. _ Mollison, the Resident Warden, certain regulations are to be imposed upon leaseholders which will act as restrictions upon merely specu lative companies. A bond must be entered into to carry out the lease on the basis of the applica tion, and other minor arrangements will be imposed, whith will secure the public against the locking up of the laud by applications for leases. The inauguration of the Bendigo Waterworks Company took place on the 18th of last month, and was very successful. It was celebrated by a Jete given by the Company. A large numbsr of ladies and gentlemen intimately connected with the prosperity of the town and district was pre sent, aud the weather favored the event. The visitors were struck with surprise and admiration at the magnitude of the works that have been undertaken and brought so far so successfully. At Golden Square all attention was directed to the extensive machinery that has been erected for washing aud puddling the auriferous earth of the reserve. The engine on its trial worked re markably well. The assembled company having inspected the works at Golden Square and seen the engine started, then adjourned to the reservoir near the Big Hill. Hero the works are of an entirely different character, and arc not so striking, simply because they oonsist merely of clearing away the timber, excavating the lower portion of tho basin, and forming a dam across the bottom of it. An enormous amouut of work, however, has been done here, the clearing of Bome thirty or forty acres of timber, aud the erection of a number of dwelling houses for. the workmen aud overseers. It is in this reservoir that the water for the supply of the houses in Sandhurst is to be col lected, which, of course, could not bo obtained sufficiently pure in tho reservoir at Golden Square. This portion of the Company's works, of course, possesses peculiar interest, seeing that il is connected witli the object for which the Co-- pany was started-a supply of water to the ! township of Sandhurst. At the upper reserve a large marquee was erected, where a cold repast was laid out, with excellent wines, &c;,, and the usual toasting was indulged in. We wish we could add that the Company at the last meeting of shareholders acted with common honesty in recognising the claims of the projector, Mr. Emmett. But we regret to say that this was not the case. Tho claim of Mr. Emmett has been virtually repudiated by the Company, .. -A . motion was carried to the effect that the consideration of his claim be deferred till that day six mouths. Wo cannot have tho slightest hesitation, iu common with every right-minded and intelligent man in the community, in denouncing this conduct of the shareholders of the Bendigo Waterworks Company as mean and discreditable. We have been given to understand that this postponement of the consideration of the claim has been carried in order the more effectually to secure Mr. Emmott a proper recognition of his claims. We trust that this is the case. 