TASMANIA. Our advices are to the 3rd instant. Nothing of importance. Mr. L'Estage had arrived at Circular Head from the Hunter's, where he had been engaged putting up posts for the intercolonial telegraph. He is now simi- larly occupied at Circular Head. The third contest between Mr. Allwright's Randall and Mr. W. V. Smith's Countess came off on the New Town Racecourse, on Tuesday. Weights, 11 st. 5 lb. This was a steeple- chase match for £100, taken, the last at Brighton having been a flat race. Mr. Smith weighed for Countess, and a kid from Port Phillip, known as "Little Sammy," came up for Randall. At the start Countess led the way, taking the first two fences, closely followed by Randall. At the third fence the horse struck the rail slightly. Countess then shot a-head until the fourth leap, when it could easily be seen that both riders were holding in. When near this leap, Randall came up and cleared that and the fifth in advance of the mare. At the sixth fence, in the hollow, Randall at first refused the leap, but, taking a slight turn only, afterwards ac- complished it, topping the seventh a-head of the mare. From this stage of the race the positions alternated, Randall leading when they arrived at the twelfth fence. On making this leap he fell ; the boy, however, dexterously recovered himself, and re- mounted. Countess at this time had taken the two remaining leaps in gallant style, and came in an easy winner. At the thirteenth fence Randall again fell, and once more his brave little rider was quickly in the saddle. He cleared the last leap without "much diffi- culty. Warm Reception of Mr. Kemble (formerly of Adelaide).-A correspondent of the Hobart Town Courier says :-" Some days ago, on the arrival of the Culloden at Franklin, a very mysterious and seedy-looking personage, who had been unseen during the passage, at its termination emanated from the steerage, claiming sundry large chests and various great coats, &c;, as his baggage, and when asked his name by the mate, objected to give it. In a day or two afterwards, however, he blazed up in a new phase, with all the politeness of a ' gent ' of the first water, the pushing self-introduction of a thorough-bred showman, and the tact of an experienced traveller for penetrating into the most remote recesses of the bush where a sawyer's hut could be found, equipped in a dress suit of black, with hat to match, and decked out with a profusion of apparently gold chains, seals, and glittering rings, the whole surmounted by a large white umbrella; it was amusing to behold with what adroit- ness he presented, from a richly embossed silver case, his cards of address followed up by the exhibition, of his pocket-book for autographs of patronage, and then last, not least, his single and double tickets of admission to a solo performance, shown by his handbills to be selections from the choicest tragedies. The primary object of our hero visiting us was, as he stated, to make himself ac- quainted with places, persons, and manners, in order to furnish himself with matter for the last volume of an extensive work, "A Panoramic Sketch of the Colonies," from which he expected to realise £10,000; -his theatrical undertaking was merely of a minor consideration, to instruct youth through the morals of the drama, and provide means of travelling. Before the people had time to exchange opinions as to the who and what of this living curiosity, he had, by persevering industry and persuasion, sold more tickets than any other visiting performer, of what- ever grade, who had preceded him, and persons began to think they had been duped, especially when they heard that, without distinction of seats, Mr. Kemble, as he styled himself, had disposed of his tickets for whatever he could get -from five shillings downwards. Consequently when the anxious time arrived for the exhibition of parts of Othello, Lear, Timon, Shylock, Richard III., &c;, the seats in Brown's Assembly Room were occupied, front and back, indiscriminately by ladies, gentlemen, splitters, sawyers, and tinkers. The ladies seeing the state of affairs, soon made their exit, and so did all the gentlemen except those who waited in expectation of witnessing some fun. If even Mr. Kemble from Drury Lane, as he announced himself to be, could have proved his histrionic talent to be what he boasted of, his mixed audience, by their stamping and unequivocal signs of impatience, would not allow him to pourtray the beauties of his varied and fleeting characters ; the dresses were appreciated, but some were disappointed at his not giving a little tumbling in Hamlet or conjuring in Shylock, while others could not possibly see any, difference, except in the dresses, between Timon and Richard III., nor did they even give him credit for his energetic aspira- tions when addressing the 'helements' in Lear. Despite of the repeated music of the audience and various interludes performed by a drunken tinker, who was occasionally thrust upon the stage during Kemble's characters, he dragged through Othello with a white face and Hamlet with a rosy one, and got as, far as Richard when the audience could no longer restrain them- selves, and the poor monarch was assailed with a shower of Huon eggs, fresh and stale, accompanied by a storm of 'rough whites and tartans.' Richard began evidently to speculate on the damage that might likely accrue to his ermine by eggs, lighted candles, and other unpleasant missiles, and rapidly divesting himself of his diadem, sceptre and robe, made one bound from Bosworth Field to the benches in the pit, ' from the sublime to the ridiculous,' and turning up his shirt sleeves, challenged any ' black- guard' out to fight. As often as he mounted and re- mounted the forms, he was as often floored by the boys tripping them up. After a little of this bye- play, the evening's amusement ended rather abruptly, and the attraction of the evening retreated into the back parlor of the Franklin Hotel to shake off his royalty, and quench his thirst ; however, the enter- tainment was not to end with that act, for having assumed a pugilistic attitude of self- defence, and anathematized some of his hearers present as vaga- bonds, cowards, blackguards, &c;, a 'set-to' was the result, but Mr. K's antagonist being the more active of the two, our hero appeared next day with little to say, and under a bandage was a portion of face much more befitting Othello than on his previous night's representation, when he appeared as pale as Hamlet's Ghost." 