THE CHAMPION SWEEPSTAKES. THE CANDIDATES REVIEWED, A writer in a weekly contemporary, under the sig nature of,' Voltigeur,' thus reviews the merits of tho various candidates for the championship : — According to my promiso mado at the time of the nomination for this great race — that I would give your readers a 'full, true, and particular account' of tho candidates for the champiouship and then offer .my assistance in spotting the winner, I now come to time for tho last round, and leave my ' friends and backers' to decide whether I have fought my pre vious twenty- four with any credit to myself, aud whe ther they have derived any satisfaction in witnessing them. I must fain admit that some two or three are very harmless, but oa more than one occasion I was regularly knocked out of time, and it was only through tho valuable assistance of my seconds that I managed to get through the round at all. But to my present purpose. In simply recording what I have seen, there ia but little difficulty ; but when one takes it upon himself to look into tho future, he incurs a re sponsibility more easily accepted than discharged. Two months since I considered it 50 to 1 that any thing like a scoro would accept, and I was most agreeably disappointed on Monday evening to find that twenty-one had paid up the second fifty. Of tho non-acceptors, I think that Wait-a-Whilo was the only horse (hat had a chance ; though Tricolor, if fit, would have gone along at a merry pace for a couple of rn ilea, and Black Bess would not have been very far in the rear, at the same distance. Wait a- While's complaint ia the same that overtook him at Ballaarat ; the exact malady of the mare's I know not, but I heard it whispered some time ago that Tri color was to pay a visit to Barwon Park shortly, and I thought then, that that did not look much like going for the Champion Sweepstakes. However I need not tako up your space and the time of your readers by referring to the past ; my present business ia to scan over the merits of the remaining twenty-one, and by putting this aud that together, to come to something like a con clusion as to who is to prove himself the champion in the forthcomin/ grand struggle. I proposo, in the first place, to review tho most im portant performances of tho competing nags, and shall open tho ball with the first favorite, Strop, who since the beginning of 'S3 has never once been beaten, al though he has been opposed at all distances, and at all weights, by the best horses in New ZeaanJ, and if not the best, those of tho next division in New South Wales. In lm great race with Potentate, the two rattled away from end to end, aud at the finish there was not a length between them, plaiuly pro ving that Strop's gai^ienesa and constancy are un questionable, and the fact of having run the three miles under lOst 7Jb weight in 5 minutes 53 seconds, 13 a protty good argument in favor of his speed and weight carrying powers. But it was in the Australian Jockey Club Handicap, at the late Homebu h meeting, that ha achieved bis great vic tory, defeating Jonathan Wild, to whom he ceded twenty live pounds, by a length, and Venoj and Em peror by four, the former with advantage of nine pounds, the latter of thirteen. Strop i3 now in tip top condition, with legs under him that can stand any amouut of galloping, and a constitution that is not likely to be aflected by the caprices of thtf clerk of tho weather. I expect to see Georgo Cutts in trusted with the mount, and from his previous suc cesses I have every reason to believe that the horso will be 'in goad hands. The next on the list is Sailor, about whom there appears to exist a great difference of opinion — one section asserting that but for the money behind him he would bs at 20 to 1, wlvlst his friends contend that his pace has never yet been put to the test, and that if not the best of the bunch, a most dangerous rival, as the result of next Satur day will prove. I am one of the lattor school, and consider that bis victory over lo iu the Homebush Maiden, and over Potentate iu the Publicaus' Purse, fully entitle him to a high position in public estima tion. It may bo true that lo got a bad start in the Maiden Plats, but when sho collared Sailor she could not keep with bim, and he won tbe race with com parative ease. And in his raae with Potentate is it not as likely that he broke down at the rush in con sequence of the severity of the pace all tho way, as that ho came to grief at the start, and so lost the race ? I consider Sailor a most dangerous customer. Ho is in splendid form, has been backed by his owner moie than any ot' er horse in the race, and if Johnny Cutts, who I believe has been engaged to ride him, be the expert jockey ho is said to be, tho light blue jacket and white cap won't be very far behind at the con clusion of the battlu of Flemington. Next comes the queen of tbe south, Zoe, whose great triumphs away from her native clime were, winning Ihe Australian Jockey Club Handicap, at the Homebush meeting of '58, and her subsequent vie tories at Maitland ; but f must not forget that Gratis beat her at Liverpool the first time Bhe ran in New South Wales, and that iu the All Ago Stakes at Windsor she had to succumb to Ben Bolt, Gra'is, aud Lauristina. I have no f.iith whatever in the rumours of her having gone pmiss in her training ; on the contrary, I believe she is as strong an ever on her pins, and as to her condition it would be a diffi cult matter to improve it. Her party aro very sweet on her at present, and look upon the race as all over, barring an accident. I now come to the redoubtable grey, Fiatcatcher, whoso numerous victories in this colony, and thorough gameness ou all occasions, have placed him in his present position, that of best favorite of Vic torian competitors. ?' JFlatcatcher's deeds as a three year-old have seldom been equalled and nevsr ex celled in this colony, and his performances at the last November meeting were on a par with his exertious of the previous year. In the Yictoria Plate ho beat Woodpecker aud Alice Hawthorn with the greatest ease, and the third day ran a d-.Hperate race in the big handicap, having been 'gone at'' by all the best hor;cs ia it During hia entire career, iu which ho has contested ten races against the best horses in the land, he has only been beaten twice, and then when evidently out of condi tion : nnd oven when he did suffer defeat — in tho two handicaps of the last Jockey Club Spring Mes-ting he was giving pounds away to every horse in tho race- I believe at present he is in excellent form, and, if I mistake not, will be ridden by one of our best and most experienced j ickeya, but as I am not certain ou this poin*, I forbear to mention hi.-i name. Next to Flatc.itcher stands tho Moor, and wero it not for hia penchant for bolting, I venture to assert that, iustead of being liftu on the list, he would at any rate be second. As to his spee.l there can be but little doubt ; to wit, his bolting off the course at Burrumbe t, and Siviug his d'atance after loiing nearly half a mile — his - uttiug down thi fijl I in the Tallaroop Handicap as though they had been suddenly petiiHed — and though 1 last, not least, hia overhauling Alice Hawthorn ia the last Turf Club Cup, although nearly a distance in the rear when the mare was not many yards more ths n half a mile from home As to his bolting, I firmly beiieve that not a sign of it wi'.l be shown if ho be ridden by a man thoroughly used to bim, and I have heard Bentley say, that whenever tho Moor did contemplate a bolt he always gave timely warning. He is one of the very few horses who can keep at hia best pace from start to finish in a three-mile race, and if he can only get away with the lead ho will rcquiro au immense amount of catching. Ho has been trained by Cox, whose success with Woodpecker, Flying Jib, and others from that stable is well known, and he will be Bteered by L ing, one of tha most deter mined and skilful riders in the colony. Quickstep, tho champion mare of Tasmania, next commands my attention, and of her it will be almost enough to state, that during the whole of the last racing Beason in Tasmania Bhe waa not once called upon to exert herself, every race she ran being secured ?with the greatest ease. The best horse she met waa Camel, and in their match for the championship of Tasmania, tho latter hadn't a ghost of a chance from the jump. This grand-daughter of TonchBtone and Cotherstono is also in splendid form, and her light, buoyant step stamps her at once as a mare of the very first rank. She will be ridden by Cook, who has been her aide-de-camp throughout her entire campaign. And now for the old grey mare, Alice Hawthorn, than whom a gamer never stripped upon any course, and who, when fit, is always an unwelcome rival at three-mile3. During her career she has won more three-mile races than any horse of her time ; but I am bound to admit that she was easily beaten by Veno in their great match for the championship, and Bhe has also suffered defeat from Crcckford, Tomboy, | aad The Moor. As to Crockford'a victory over her, I believe it waa the reBult of want of condition ; but [ if she were as fit as all the training in the world could make her, she would always be beaten by Tom boy, of ' auld lang syne,' or The Moor, provided tho latter did his bcBt. I am not one of those who believe Alice Hawthorn a slow mare ; such a theory being upset by her performauce in the Grand Stand Stake at the Turf Club Spring Meet ing of '53, when she ran two miles with ease in 3 min. 50 sec., and made a sorry example of Gratis and the rest- But her fastest race was at the previous Melbourne meeting in the Australian Sweepstakes, when, with 10st Sib on her, she waa within half a length of Woodpecker, who did the journey in 4 min. 55 Bee., or at the rato of three miles in 5 min. 54 sec. It may be urged that she could not have run tho last half mile at the samo pace ; but I am of a different opinion, and believe Bhe can always finish at the Bame pace as she commenced. I saw tbe mnre tbe other day, and to my taste she never looked better, and will bo a very different animal, when Bhe comes to the post next Saturday, from what she was two years ago. She will be ridden by Higgerson, who, I be lieve, does not despair of the result. Eighth on the list atanda lo, a full sister of Zoe. This mare haa run three times in public, and on all occasions haa been beaten ; but her present position in the betting is to be aocounted for by tho fact of hor being a stable companion of Strop, and, according to report, as good as he at the distance. Miss Rowe, likewise of the same stable, ia to my way of thinking, a maro of another color ; her vie t riea have been numerous and important, and her oasy win in the City Plate at Homebush, must make her awkward in the best of company. Both she and lo are in tip top fettle, and I have heard Mr Redwood more than once say, that Strop never won a race that she could not have appropriated more easily. Phctbe, another of the New Zealand mares, has never yet struck tho colors of a good horse, hut has been beaten in turn by Chevalier, Miss Rowe, Strop, and Potentate, and her ouly triumphs have been over outsiders in Trial and Scurry Stakes. Still Mr Duppa must have a better opiuion of her than her public running will justify him, or ho would not have brought her from Now Zealand to contend against the beat horns in the colonies. Snell, I am informed, has been re tained to ride her, and I have no doubt but that he will make the most of his mount. Sir Hercules, one of the Tasmanian importation, comes next, and but for his propensity to bolt, would be a better favorite. I don't consider hia run ning Fo badly in Melbourne, two years ago, any cri terion of his present capabilities, aB the horse was then notoriously out of condition. Of late he has always been first to catch the judge's eye, save and except when the bolting fit overtook him, and hia easy victory over Camel in their great match muit not be overlooked. No horse iu the race is iu better condition than Sir Hercules, and under the control of. Sam Waldock, who has been retained aa counsel, will run a good horse if he but follow a straight path. Flying Buck has never showed in public any great j turn of speed, but I believe firmly that he is a regular sticker, and that his present condition will enable him to do all he knows on the great day. Report says that he had n three-mile gallop the other day, nnd that having been rattled along for the first mile and a half ot full speed, waa timed in the second, and that 2 min. 55 sec. wa3 the figure. Of flying Jib, I entertain the highest opinion, and were the race two miles instead of three, I would stand all I can afford to lo?e on this colt. Sis run ning as a two yr-oid was quite of the firat class, and I very much regret that untoward events should have Bhut him out of the forthcoming Melbourne meetings. None but a first-rato three-yr-old could win a three mile race, iu such company, at this time of the year ; the last half mile must tell upon their youth ond inexperience ; bnt if the race do fall to one of that year, it must bo to one of the very first rank. Fly ing Jib has had the advantage of being well fed in hia young d ays, aud one of hia family, Tomboy, haa already shown himself of sufficient quality to go tho distance. The weight he ia a thorough master of, and I know him to be as fit as when he won the Saplings twelve months ago. r raxiteles 13 a strong powerlul horse ot good lamily, and his winning the T. O. Maiden Plate, and Artil ery Handicap, augur well of his future. In tho latter race ho beat a vary fair field, and ran a mile and a half with 8 st i lb on him in 2 min. 53 sec. Cornel, one of the Tasmanian lot, haa only beaten second-raters, and was unsuccessful in hia two mile match with Sir Hercules, and three mile match with Quickstep. He will be ridden by Gill, who haa had charge of him since his arrival in the colony. Tomboy, were he the horse of days gone by, would bo a desperate foe for this race, but tho fact of his having twice broken downrendersitalmoatimpoasible to give him tho nece3?ary work. He is being trained on the Caulfleld course, the soft turf of which ex actly suits him, but I canuot help thinking that he can never stand a severe three-mile gallop. He will be ridden by Monaghan, who haa been with him since hia arrival iu town, and than whom there ia no jockey in the colony that I would rather see win this race. Quiz-the-Wind, like Tomboy, ia a horse of the past He ran two good races with Rose of May, but there must have beon a screw loose somewhere, or he never would have retired from the turf at four years old. Moreover, after spending two years as a covering horse, I can hardly understand his owner paying up the second fifty on him, and if I may judgo from ap pearances, ho never can carry lOst 41b three miles. Hutwith ia a good horse in inferior com pany, but I cannot fancy hia being able to live with the elas3 of animals he will have the honor of associating with iu the Champion Swcepatakes, though he will havo the advantage of being piloted by Bentley. fc-\vo*lsBaan ia yet a maiden, but he must have shown himself a belter horse in private than the botting world consider him, or his owner would never have goue to the expense of training and entering him for a champion race. I have no doubt but that ho will come to the post, and I hoar he ia to be steered by Neep. The Barber proved himself a good stout horse in South Australia, but whatever chance he may have had previous to being wrecked must be wonderfully lessened now ; he is in better trim than could be expeefced, consider ring all the hair-breadth 'scapes be has passed through, but I fear that his position at tha finish will be nearer the rear than the fore. The last of the twenty- one is Zingara, but this maro has never recovered her Be vera race with Liuristina ot Liverpool, and her dead heat with Gratis at Homebush. Having briefly reviewed the merits of ' the variotu candidates, I shall proceed to pick the beet in my opinion, from each colony, and shall commeaeo busi ness with the Victorian team, viz , The Moor. Piat catcher, Alice Hawthorn, Flying Jib, Flying'Buck, Praxiteles, Tomboy, (fculz - tho - Wind, and Nutwith. Of these, Nutwith is too slow; Quiz the -Wind is of the same school, aud moreover canuot carry tha weight ; and Tomboy must break down if ever he coine to tho post. Oi the three year o'.ds I have already given my rearou for not trusting to them ; though if the raw bhould be sliw, Flying Jib could be very close up at the finish, if meant ; and if the Moor tako it into his head to sulk at the start, I expect to s;e the Jib do hi) best to win. Alice Hawthorn will be amongst the first half dozen, but I am afraid she is not good enough to win. Praxiteles will run a goo'l horse for two miles, hut I have yet to learn that h° can go three. Of the remaining twain, if I wit'5 I certain that Flatcitcher would como to the post quite fit, I should be puzzled to decide whether to invest on him or the Moor, but as I feel confident that the latter will be all there, and aa I have never seen Fiatcatcher run a three-mile , race, except amongst tho outsiders at Tallaroop, I j Hhall stand on the black 'un. Of the New Zealaudera, I unless Strop be the winner, I am very much afraid that tho colony will not carry the day, notwithstan ding all that may be said of the wonderful capabilities of Mies Rowe and lo. Miss Bowe haa proved herself a good mare, bat I see no reason to believe that she can beat either The Moor or Fiatcatcher. Of tho Tas manian quartette, I have no line to go by ; Camel I won't have at any price, and as I prefer n horse that haa already shown itaelf able to go three miles, I must include Swordsman amongst the hopeless division. Quickatep and Sir Hercules I believe are thorough good 'una, and whichever is the better ef the twain, I believe will be amongst tho first rank. As Cook Beleets to ride tho mare, I am inclined to believe that her chance ia considered the bettor, but I must not forget that Cook waa once eeriously hurt through the bolting propensities of Sir Hercules, and as he in now in tho 'sere and yellow leaf,' he may not caro for a repetition of his former mishap. South Aus tralia has but a poor chance, and I shall bo much astonished if The Barber is not all but distanced. Now South Wales will bo left to Zoe and Sailor, aa I believe that Zingara will not start if Zoe como to tbe scratch. My selection ia now confined to the following six Tho Moor, Strop, Quickstep, Sir Hercules, Zoe, and Sailor, and from them I must admit I find it a hard matter to Bpot the veritable champion. Sailor may find the journey a little too much for him. Zoe may fear a break down, Quickstep may no', like lOst lib, and Sir Hercules won't like tho crowd. I am thus left to choose between the Moor and Strop, and notwith standing the great name that the latter has obtaiued, I shall pin my faith to tho Moor, who, I expect, will remain in about the third place the first time round, will go to tbe fore at the gate, and will nevor after be headed. Strop will secure second honors, Fiatcatcher will be third, and Sailor, Zoe, Quickstep, Alice Hawthorn, and Sir Hercules will be well UP' ? ? 