PROTESTANT REVIVALS AND CATHOLIC RETREATS. (From Broumson's Review.) The past few years have been matted in the Catholic community of the United States by the unusual number and the great success of the re treats or missions which have been given by the members of several religious congregations, in almost every ecclesiastical province and diocese ; both in our overflowing city churches, and also in the country parishes both large and small. These miasinns have thus excited the attention, not enly of Catholics, to a great part of whom they were some thing altogether new and strange, but also of the Protestant community, the preachers and editors particularly, who have been astonished to find such an engine at work in the Catholic Church, and have usually styled it a new masterpiece of Roman policy, a fresh proof of the superhuman cunning of the man of «in. The newspapers of the day havs also chronicled within the past year an unusual series of religious excite:nenU or revivals within several Protestant denominations. It is a singular fact that these Protestant revivals here, to ?ome extent, followed in the wake of the Catholic missions which have been given within the last six months ; and have sprutig out of efforts inspired by a. spiTit of rivalry which has been excited by the crowded congregations and the general enthusiasm ?witnessed in Catholic churches on these occasions. To superficial observers, there appears to be a close resemblance between these religious movements in the Catholic and Protestant churches, and although we shall prove satisfactorily enough, in the course ?of this article, that this is a great mistake, yet there is doubtless a certain grotesque likeness in this as well as in other features of Protestantism to that grand Catholic system of which the former is only a poor imitation. As there is doctrine held in common with the Catholic Church by certain sects, episcopal regimen and a liturgy borrowed from her in others, so there is something in a series of special services and sermons continued for days and weeks in suc cession, in which the matters relating to the sal. vation of the soul and eternity are commended with especial earnestness to the attention of all, as prac tised in certain other sects, which is akin to the spiritual exercises of Catholic retreats and missions. It seems not improper, then, to treat of both in the Bame connection, and in the remarks which follow on Protestant revivals and Catholic missions, we . shall endeavour to take up the question of religious excitement, its legitimate use, and its abuse, the points of resemblance, and the points of contrast, between the Protestant and the Catholic methods of handling this powerful instrument for working on the reVgious susceptibilities of the community. Revivals are a product of English evangelical dissent. 'We do not hear of them within the old Lutheran and reformed communions of Germany, France, and Switzerland; they are no growth of the English Church, and have never been much favored by its ministers. Although the Presbyterians of the old school have sanctioned them to a certain degree, yet they have never prevailed to any great extent in the Presbyterian churches of Scotland and the United States. They have had their full swing only among the evangelical dissenters of England, and the Congregationalists, new-school Presbyterians, Methodist', and Baptists of the United States. George Whitfield, a deacon of the English Church, suspended by h;s bishop for his eccentricities, and who officiated as a dissenting minister of the sect of Lady Huntingdon or Calvinistic Methodists, may he rcg irr. d as their great father. He is reputed to fiave been a man of extraordinary eloquence, anil by his preaching he excited numerous revivals in Eng land and in this country, though warmly opposed by a portion of the Protestant clergy. John Wesley, tile founder of Methodism, was another great revival preacher, and the system of revivalism has found its most congenial soil in Methodism, of which it is a necessary part. Before the lime of Wesley and Whitfield, however, the bosom of the Congregational community in New England had been agitated by powerful and widely-spread movements of this kind, chiefly under the preaching of Jonathan Edwards, Ihe noted divine and metaphysician. It is worthy of remark that Edwards and the other New England revival preachers had already started on a line of speculation, which subsequently developed by de grees into a peculiar system, widely different from the old Calvinism ; until at length the powerful minds of Taylor, Fitch, Beecher, Havre's, and the other leaders of the New Haven school, gave it its present decidedly anti-Calvinistic character. The great revival preachers in New England and in the other states, such as Finney, Burchanl, and Kirk, have gensrally bslunged to this school, and the well-known Methodists Bascom and MalSt, and the Baptist Knaps, have had a similar theology. The old orthodox Congregationalists have had, how. ever, during the early part of the present century, one of the greatest revival preachers of this country, the .Rev, Asahel Nettleton, who desisted, never theles«, for some unaccountable reason, from hie JabouM many years before his death, -end passed his time in a kind of studious nnd religious seclusion, rery seldom appearing in the pulpit. 'These revivals, and the general question of the -propriety of employing excitement in religion, have been much discussed by the Protestant clergy. The High Church and the Latudinarian sections have condemned them as fanatical. The more sober, grave, and dignified portion of the clergy have al ways been averse to the boisterous and extravagant form of revivalism. (Those who have been the most consistent and severe in condemning the use of excitement in religion and deprecating all popular outburst of religious enthusiasm, have been the high church clergy of the Episcopal Church. They love guieiness and decorum in religion, grave end eolerou liturgical services, churches dark and ?till, tha ancitut chant, chastened and finished dis courses, tranquil meditation, and reading pravers by . yourself ontfif a hook composed by an old Church of England divine. This spirit is no doubt derived from the Catholic Church, and in itself we are not dis posed to quarrel with it. It is, however, too one sided, narrow and exclusive. It leaves out of view the necessity of change and variety in religious exercises, the necessity of more popular means for acting on tho people, and for exciting those who have lived for a long time asleep in a state of pro found religious lethargy, or 'buried in vice. And even some of the highest churchmen of the Episcopal Church have of late felt and acknowledged this to be the case. They have detected a grand defect in their system; which, however, they are unable to supply. It cannot be denied that the Congregationalists, Methodists, and other sects, have had in this respect en advantage over tho Episcopalians, and have had In 'their hands an instrument for working on tho people, which they have used with energy and effect. Hence, many intelligent Protestants have held the opinion expressed by one of the most eminent literary men of the country, a regular attendant at tho Episcopal Church, that ' the Episcopal Church is the best for tho educated class, and the Methodist Church for the mass of the people.' The principle of excitement is end must be made use of in all great movements in which men are in terested. For example, this is the case in politics. What is eloquence but a powerful means of pro- ducing an intellectual, moral, and sensible excite- ment, as seen in the senate, in the court room. at the hustings, and in the popular assembly. Even those who deprecate excitement in religion, really employ it in another form. For what is the effect of grand architecture, solemn music, fine statuary and paintings, impressive ceremonies, beautiful poetry, devotional prayers and reading, but an ex citement more subtle and refined, but not less power ful, than that of stirring sermons. and popular de votions and exercises of piety. The whole class of these influences and impre?sions belong to sensible devotion. The essence of devotion consists merely in a supernatural faith in truth revealed, joined with an alacrity of the will to do those things which belong to the service of God. But this, taken by itself alone, is something so purely spiritual and sublime, and when existing by itself so extremely difficult, and it involves such a perfect crucifixion of human nature, that it is far above the reach of any except the most perfect and heroic sonls. Sensible devotion,.although in itself of little worth, very much open to delusion, and liable to great abuse, is never theless, as a general rule, a most necessary and useful auxiliary of solid devotion. Man is not a pure spirit, and is not entirely swayed by his reason. His nature is mixed ard compound ; he has a body, passions, and senses. The number of those whose reason is highly cultivated, and whose will is thoroughly disciplined, is small. Hence, the sensible element must enter more or less into the religion of man. It must exist in a certain degree in the re ligion of the most intellectual, the most spiritual, and the most perfect. And in proportion as these qualities are less highly educated, the sensible ele ment must predominate more. Religion must appeal to the heart, rouse the passions, strike on the senses, affect the sensibilities. It must awaken en thusiasm, strike the chords that vibrate through the popular mind, take hold strongly on masses of men, and be able to master and sway the wills, not only of the educated, but of the ignorant, the gross, the debased and vicious even. It appem, then, that we | cannot condemn the revival movements of Protestant sects on the mere ground that they employ excite ment as a means of producing religious impressions. On the contrary, by so doing Protestant preachers are only acting in accordance with human nature, and doing just what all other men do who wish to interest masses of men in any kind of enterprise or undertaking, and to gain influence over them. The only question there can be, relates to the manner in which they make use of this excitement, and their ability to turn it towards its true and legitimate end in a successful manner. The different means by which a strong tide of popular enthusiasm in re lation to religious subjects can be evoked, may be skilfully and prudently used, or they may be abused by extravagance and excess. The legitimate end for which such means ought to be employed — that is, to induce men to do those things by which they will be reconciled to God and secure their salvation — may be attained, or it may fail of being attained, and all this religious enthusiasm may be wasted and misdirected through the incompetence of those who guide its movements. Our object, then, in examining and criticizing the Profestant revival machinery, must he twofold : first, to see with what degree of s'ull and judgment it is managed j and secondly, to see, whether, supposing an interest in religion and a sincere desire for salvation excited in the bosoms of a mass of men, they can really direct them to any certain and trustworthy means of making their sal vation sure. There is a rery great difference in the methods employed by Protestant revivalists. The more rigid their orthodoxy and their adherence to the older ecclesiastical forms of Protestantism, the more they are averse from anything violent, ex travagant, and eoarsa in religious movements. Some of them, as, for example, the celebrated Mr. Kirk, are finished orators and polished gentlemen, careful to observe exterior moderation and discretion in all their proceedings. This class are usually more doctrinal in their preaching, and aim more at reaching the understanding and the deeper feelings of the heart, and less at impressing tha senses and working on the nervous susceptibilities. This class of pteachers shade off insensibly and by many gradations into the common sort of Methodist and other sectarian revival preachers, who rely principally for success on loud declamation, strong appeals to the passions, and all the artifices of the camp-ground and the protracted meeting. The former produce a more refined species of excitement ; the latter revel in the wilder and more extravagant manifestations of religions enthusiasm, which often degenerate into the most revolting scenes of a gross physical excitement ; convulsions, trances, jerks, and crazy evolutions of every description, more worthy of Corybantes than of nominal Christians and civilized beings. It is impossible, however, to draw any precise line of demarcation between these two classes, or, differ as they may in doctrine and discipline from each other, to show any precise difference based on doctrine in their methods. Although one class appeals more to the senses than the other, yet we cannot say that this latter class rejects or avoids all appeal to the senses. The difference is rather in the refinement of the means used, and in the greater or less moderation observed in these appeals. Mr. Nettleton, the greatest revivalist of the old school, was very attentive to all the exterior arrangements which could affect the senses and imagination of his auditors, and usually arranged his desk and lights himself, with a view to effect, being especially careful to have the room quito dark when he preached on a terrific subject, like judgment or hell. Another artifice of his was, to direct the choir to strike up the hymn ' Stop, poor sinner, stop and think,' just as the congregation were about leaving the church. Any one who has ever been at a New England college must remember the artifice brought into play there to get up the annual revival. The spring of the year, a poetic aud sentimental time, was selected, when the heart and the imagination are peculiarly susceptible to all tender and touching impressions, when the hard work of the wintor is over, and the rivalry and ex citenent of the Junior exhibition has not yet come on. Then, professors, tutors, and pious students went the rounds of the rooms, to rouse up the luke warm professors and exhort the impenitent. On thu evening walk in some secluded grove, when nature was just bursting into life around you, and th» air was fragrant with the new grans and the fresh flowers, some friend would join you, and with a soft and winning voice, speak of tho soul, of salvation, of tho world to oome, anil exhort you to attend the prayer meeting to be held within thu next iiou-. Prayer meetings were multiplied, the most popular and eloquent preachers among tho professors exerted themselves to the utmost to preach tho most impressive and touching discourses, day after day, for weeks in succession. Man is a religious being. He has a soul, a conscience, a longing after God and heaven. Moreover, ho has always more or lea: of the graoo of God, and there is a groat deal of Catholic truth in the preaching of Protestant ministers, especially those called orthodox. It is no wonder, then, that a company of youth, many of whom are ingenuous and conscientious, and some of whom must necessarily suffer from inward remorse for their vicious and ungodly lives, should be power fully affected, and that the excitement should spread rapidly from one to another. Strong religious emotion is the most pleasurable aud absorbing of which man is capable, while it lasts. But it is necessarily short-lived, and the college revival usually terminates with the Junior exhibition. Most of the converts, too, have disappeared before the end of summer. It would be easy to give a similar description of the revival in the city or the country congregation But it is unnecessary, and would occupy too much space. The columns of the Tribune for last March will furnish any one who desires it with ample de tails on this subject. Now, however rigidly the re vivalists of this class may eschew the more vulgar artifices and clap-trap of religious excitement, yet, they do, nevertheless, in their way, work on the senses, and the religious emotion they produce is to a great extent a mere sensible devotion, situated in the affective portion of the soul, and in the nerres. The eloquent voice of the preacher, his attitudes, bis gestures, his eye, exercise a kind of magr.etic influence; the tender and affecting hymn, the serious crowd, the tears and emotion that are visible in others, work on the sensibilities. There 13 nothing per se wrong in this. The understanding and the will in man are usually to be reached through his senses, on account of his complex nature, made up of spirit and matter. But the fact we are stating is true, and its bearing on our subject will be made phiu in the sequel. We have now simply to examine how far Protes tant revivalists are capable of directing the re ligious excitement which they create with skill and judgment, and of directing it to a healthful and beneficial result for the soul. The first g'and error into which Protestant re vivil'sts fall, is producing an excess of excitement. They harp on the strings of sensibility too long and too incessantly, they appeal too much to passion and feeling, and they work on one passion so long that they exhaust it, and produce an injurious excess of eoioticn, or a reaction into insensibility. For instance, the emotions of fear and sorrow are played on without judgment, and harrowed up by the dreadful views which their black and unreasonable theology presents, until many of their unhappy victims are driven to a state bordering on madness or despair, plunged into religious melancholy, or thrown into a hardened recklessness and a state of sullen defiance of God. Looking at the matter merely as a question of prudence and expediency, this is wrong. It is not only a sin, but a blunder. In appealing to these more sombre emotions of the soul, the preacher ought to use great judgment and discrimination in considering what kind of persons he is addressing ;j he ought to know when to stop, and he ought to modify and hold in check a too great excess of these emotions, by appealing to the opposite sentiments of hope, confidence in God, trust in the merits and the mercy of Jesus Christ, faith in the efficacy of prayer, etc. Protestant preachers usually, however, overdo everything, and thus spoil their own work. If they speak to new converts, and appeal to the more joyous sentiments, they run into the same extreme, and play so long on the tender emotions, and try to rouse up such a rapturous and jubilant state of mind in them, that they get them often half delirious, and puff them up with the most dangerous illusions of spiritual pride. The upshot of the whole matter is, that they aim at excitement, feeling, emotion, sensible devotion as their end — as something good in itself, as the essence of solid devotion and true religion. They would wish to have a revival all the time, and to he always indulging in pleasurable religious emotions. Hence, they pass the long intervals between their revivals in trying to get one up, or in a kind of depressed and low-spirited groaning over their spiritual dry ness, and longing for the next 'season of refreshing.' All the spiritual books and biographies of the evangelical school breathe this spirit. All are in fected with that false and delusive spirituality des cribed and condemned by every sound ascetic writer in the Catholic Church as the grand illusion to which false devotees and inexperienced be ginners in the exercises of piety are exposed, and of which every one must be cured before he can take the fi st step towards solid perfection. This love of excitement and seeking after it for its own sake give birth to the most ridiculous ex travagances and the most dangerous excesses, such as all sensible and judicious Protestants are ashamed of and condemn. The illusions of an o»er-strained nervous system and an excited brain are mistaken for the operations of divine grace, and the way is opened to the most absurd fanaticism. Take, for example, the history of the conversion of ' Awful Gardner.' What more absurd than his own account of his shouting Hallelujah until he frightened his horse, and afterwards seeing a bright light, and testing the reality of it to his own entire satisfaction by .stuffing his handkerchief into his eyes ! Several instances are related in the secular papers of scenes of wild excitement prevailing during the recent re vival, of shouting, leaping, and indulging in fran tic gestures. Once or twice something of this kind was on the point of breaking out at the Burton Theatre Prayer Meeting, but was checked by the firmness'of the presiding officer. Still worse conse quences than these have ensued in a number of cases in the United States and Canada ; insanity, death from over-excitement, murder, and suicide. These ere doubtless extreme cases. But it is a common and very natural effect of such undue excitement,' that a reaction should take place in mind and body. Lassitude and prostration always follow an undue tension and excitation of the nerves. The bodily and mental health are injured. Some become com pletely indifferent to all religious subjects, and even feel a disgust for them ; others sink into a settled melancholy ; and not a few turn to sensual pleasures as a relief from mental wretchedness and prostration, and as a means of satisfying their morbid hankering after excitement. This element of sensuality lying hid in sensible devotion, is- pointed out by all the standard Catholic ascetic writers. The subsequent effects of Protestant revivals are, therefore, often ex. tremely noxious in a religious and moral point of view; and intelligent Protestant ministers have often said that the whole country where the revivals of Mr. Finney, Mr. Burchard, and men of that stamp, have prevailed, resembles afterwards 'a burnt dis trict.' Another great defect is, the want of instruction in religious doctrines, the practical duties of Chris. tianity, and ihe moral obligations. When an interest in religion is awakened, the occasion ought to be seized to feed the understanding, to impart solid in struction, to furnish the soul, whose appetite for the Word of God has been excited, with the solid, nutritious aliment of Divine Truth.. All the religious and moral obligations ought to be clearly explained sins and temptations pointed out, and a practical method laid down far living a moral, virtuous, end holy life. This is. for the most part neglected by our Protestant revivalists, who confine themselves to vague exhortations and incessant efforts to bring their subjects to ' get religion.' or ' experience a change of heart,' by which they become saints, and secure of heaven in a trice, without going through the tedious process of meriting eternal life by keep ing God's commandments, and doing good works. Closely connected with this, and springing from the same radically false principle, is the neglect of appeals to the will, intended to produce virtuous resolutions, and a salutary moral reformation in the individual. If certain sensations and emotions are awakened, thev are satisfied ; and the greatest sinner may congratulate himself that all his sins are instantly pardoned. There is nothing said of a firm determination to sin no more, and to keep the Law of God for the future. Nothing of penance and satisfaction to God for past sins. Nothins of Forgiving injuries; being reconciled to enemies ; re tracting slanders; making restitution of ill-gotten goods. In a word, if we except certain gross and obvious vices, which society does not tolerate in persons making a profession of piety, and which have to be dropped, there is nothing like a syste matic aiming at a thorough interior, moral, and spiritual renovation; and an undertaking of the arduous business of combating evil inclinations, practising modification, crushing sin in the bosom, acquiring virtue, and fulfilling the moral obligations of the law of God. Another great defect is, the entire absence of every thing liturgical and ceremonial. Episcopalians cannot stir beyond the narrow line of their rubrics ; and when they have arrayed a number of ministers in surplices, and gone through their monotonous matins and even- song, they are unable to do more. Besides, those of them who patronize revivals, drop, on such occasions, as far as possible, their Common Prayer, and seem delighted to indulge in a few extemporannus prayers and services, like their Protestant neighbors. Outside of the Episcopal Church, the services of Protestantism are barren, dry, tasteless, and wearisome in the extreme. They have nothinc brilliant, bfautiinl, majestic or attrac tive. A little popular vnusic and oratory is all they | have. And that is by no means enough. In com- I mon times their prayer meetings and sermons are I heavy and uninteresting. In a time of revival there ! is something more attractive and exciting in the j fervid exhortations and prayers which follow each j ot'ier in rapid succession, interspersed at intervals ! with a tender and affecting hymn, well sung, or some intresung narrative of 'experience.' But these things require and keep up a moral and nervous excitement. which is too great, and which demands some outlet, and needs to be relieved by | something to vary the impression, and so draw the j mind out of itself to some external object. Hence, j as a mere matter of effect, the absence of ceremonies and liturgical furms in a very great error. They relieve the mind, they soothe it, they vary its action, and, without distracting it from religious ob jects, they take off the strain of too continuous at tention. They are also a most powerful means of gaining a hold on the minds of men, and especially the young, the thoughtless, the uneducated, and those of an imaginative and poetical temperament. In fact, they make an impression on all; for human nature is in all, even the coldest, the most intellec tual, and the most unimpressible. The want of them creates a terrible hiatus in the religious system of Protestantism, and one which can never be filled; for when Protestants attempt any kind of cere- monies, they are sure to fail, and to make something altogether tasteless and unmeaning. But we have not yet pointed out the radical and fatal vice in their whole system, which makes it one grand imposture and scheme of charlatanism. These revival preachers, when they have brought hundreds and thousands of human beings to ask the question — 'What shall I do to be saved ?' are unable to answer the question, and to give any positive and specific directions as to what w.utt be done to obtain the pardon of sin and the grace of God. When thev have excited the hunger of immortal souls for the bread of life, they have nothing to feed them with. They can preach conclusively, and eloquently, on the necessity of salv.tion, the duty of immediate re pentance, and the misery of the lr.st; they can exhort icost fervently to come to Christ, in order to be saved ; but they can go no farther. What must be done in order to be converted; how one is to go about the business of being regenerated ; what is meant by 'coming to Christ' — are questions to which the sincere inquirer seeks in vain for a precise and intelligible answer. He is in the condition of Mrs. Stowe's Kentucky negro, who said, 'The preachers tell me to go through the do', and to walk in the way. but I don't see no do', nor no way.' An intelligent Protestant boy, who has since become a Catholic, once asked Mr. Nettleton what he should do to become regenerate. He replied, ' You must pray.' ' But,' said he, 'you teach that the prayers of the wicked are an abomination to the Lord, and deserve hell. Of what use is it, then, for me to add to my sins by praying?' ' Young man !' replied the divine, with an attempt at awful solemnity, ' do you know in whose presence you are?' 'Yes, in the presence of the Rev. Mr. Nettleton.' ' No ! you are in the presence of God ! You are not quarrelling with me, you are quarrelling with God.' This is a fair specimen of the answer one gets from a Calvinist, who can, consistently with his creed, give only one answer : ' Do nothing, but wait for the irresistible grace of God, and if that ia not given to you, you are not one of the elect, and must be lost. ' The only thing like a sensible direction we ever received from a Protestant minister, in our youth, was, to ' take it for granted that you are a child of God, because you have been baptized and claim your privilege.' This is all very well for one who has never committed a mortal sin; but it is a Catholic, not a Protestant answer. And it is useless for one who has lost his baptism by mortal sin, since it docs not tell him how to rec -ver it. Our new school theologians will not run themselves against the snags of Calvinism. They will allow to man the power to do something to prepare himself for conversion. But, after all, there must be some way by which one may pass from the state of sin to the state of grace. And when one has prayed sincerely, and made up his mind that he is willing to comply with the conditions of salvation, and yet does not feel any change in himself, and comes to a minis ter to ask what precisely he has to do now, in order to put himself in the state of grace, and have a reason able security that he is just before God, and sancti fied by the Holy Ghost, our New-School friend is in just as bad a quandary as the Rev. Mr. Nettleton himself. He cannot answer this question in such a way as to satisfy a reasonable man. The nearest approach to a precise answer was made by the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, at the Burton theatre, and which wa.=, as nearly a3 we can recollect, that one must determine to love God with all his heart for the future, and do everything from this motive of love. In Catholic language, this would be — ' You must obtain the pardon of your sins, and the sancti fying grace of God, by making an act of perfect love.' This is true so far as this, that the perfect love of God certainly effaces sin, and sanctifies the soul. But it is a Catholic, not Protestant doctrine. It is, however, insufficient, for two reasons. In the first place, it is too high for the greater part of mun, and Mr. Beecher has no authority for asserting the necessity of perfect love for justification. In the second place, it leaves a man without any criterion for judging whether he has perfect love or not, and without any clear ideas of the way of attaining it. Merely making a resolution to love God above all things, and to do all things from love to God, is not necessarily actually loving him, for such a reso- lution may be a mere velleite; and one who under- takes such a sublime and perfect mode of life, will probably find himself breaking down very soon, and plunged in as great doubt and difficulty as ever, to know what he is to do to keep himself in a state of grace, and have a sure criterion for judging whether he is in grace or not. The truth is, those who give themselves up to a revival, and profess to be converted, commit a most unreasonable and superstitious piece of folly. The greater part have no clear and distinct belief at all ; and without going through any rational process, by which to arrive at a settled conviction of the truth and a clear knowledge of the conditions of salvation, they yield themselves to a blind excitement, trust without any ground in the declaration of the preacher, are hurried into some pro fession of religion, and trust in a purelv sub jective, imaginary, and totally delusive ''experience,' like the bright light seen by Awful Gardner, as the only evidence of having been regenerated, and pissed through the mysterious change of heart which makes them from sinners into just and holy persons, perfectly fit to be translated at once to Paradise, without penance or purgatory. The consequence is, that a large portion, especially of the most intelligent and honest of the converts, wake up to the delusion they have been in, and abandon it after a short time, when they have reflected coolly on what they have been doing. They are full of indignation at the charlatanism of which they have been the vic tims, and conceive a great contempt for Protestantism and its ministers. But, unhappily, as they usually do not know the Catholic religion, they become more unsettled and sceptical than ever, and dismiss the whole subject of the future life and the ultimate destiny of man, as a thing so enveloped in obscurity that it is useless to seek to penetrate the mist that overshrouds it, and unwise to give one's self any further trouble about it. Thus, scepticism, in- differentism, irreligion, and sometimes positive in- fidelity, are the fruits of the revival system, and the natural result of the terrible reaction caused by its morbid and misdirected excitement. To sum up in a word our condemnation of Protestant revivals, their movers pretend to do a supernatural work, and to bring their followers into a state of grace, when they have no supernatural gifts whatever which they can impart to them, and can produce nothing be yond a subjective and evanescent excitement of the feelings. (To be continued.) 