BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. AN ORIGINAL TALE. CHAPTER II. SURE enough, Harry had at last uncoiled himself from his sleeping-place--where he nightly vowed that he had to tie his back- bone into a knot to fit in--and was now stretching his long legs on deck, and look- ing about him with a bored and bewildered air. "I say, Charley, where the devil are we?" "Where are you, man? Why, half way up the river, and within twenty miles of the flourishing capital of the Clarence, where the Mayor and public authorities are anxiously waiting to welcome your arrival, with a feu- de-joie and a public dinner." "Ah, well! let them give me the dinner, and they may bestow the shooting upon you with all my heart. But what a horrid old Turk the governor must be to send us to an infernal hole like this! It is as hot as Surajah Dowla's waiting-room at Calcutta, and nothing to be seen but water and trees \--trees and water." I was piqued at his obstinate affectation, knowing that few men had a keener appre- ciation of the beauties of nature than him- self. "Well," said I, " the man who cannot enjoy a scene like this ought to be shut up in that same black-hole you speak of. Look at that splendid reach a-head, and that per- fect garden of an island, with the sun-light shining."----- "Oh, bosh! Give me gas-light. And as for reaches,--oh, would that I could reach Regent-street, or even George-street, in the worst brick-fielder that ever blew I verily believe that even the blackfellows have abandoned the place in disgust, and that its only living inhabitants, are wild ducks, and the wretched exiles on board this dreary cutter." "Take care you don't see two many black- fellows before long, Mr. Eastgate," said Dick, putting in his oar; "them chaps never show when they're wanted, but often too plenty when you'd wish 'em far enough way." "Oh" aye! Well, said Dick; "that reminds me. We'll have your yarn. Steward, a glass of grog!--or bring the bottle while you're about it. Now, Harry, sit down on the companion-hatch, if you can manage to stow your awkward pins away. Dick is going to give us a taste of his experience." "Some confounded lie, I suppose." Dick threw one indignant glance at the questioner of his veracity, but was too old a bushman to fall out with his own party; so tossing off his half-pannican of brandy and water, and politely wiping his mouth on his sleeve, he commenced. I thought it right in the first instance to give a faithful report of the manner in which my overseer was in the habit of emphasising his discourse; but as these little poetic outbreaks had really no bearing upon his story about the South Arm, I shall leave the reader to insert them in their proper places. "You see," said Dick, balancing himself on the bulwark edge, "I thought last year of leaving the bush altogether. I had been knocking about for a long time, and fancied I was sick of it; so up I goes to Sydney, and sees the master. I daresay you gentlemen have heered as I've a little money by me. I was never much of a drinker, so thinking it time to settle in life, I asked Mr. Drummond to lend a hand to set me up in a public house." "A what, Dick?" said I. "Don't you know that the tempter is worse than the tempted? If you were not a drunkard your- self how could you have the face to sell grog to others?" "Oh, I've heered a great deal of that sort of talk," replied Dick; "but if I keep from getting drunk why can't another man? Or if I drink to make a beast of myself, instead of to do me good, how is the publican to blame? Not a bit more than a doctor if he sells me a dose for a man and I give it to a baby. A man's a fool if he doesn't know his own head; but how can a publican know it?" "Very well, Dick. I will not argue the point, so turn a-head." "Well, sir, the master advised me to hold on a bit, and see if something better mightn't turn up; so l took a turn about Sydney, and if l didn't soon get tired of that it's a pity. After going two or three times to the play, and walking about the sheets for a fortnight, I saw there was nothing for it, but to get jolly well drunk like the rest.* That I tried, and I got sober--gave up all thought of the public-house. Mr. Drummond wanted to know something about this river, and I was very glad when he offered me good terms to come and have a look at it. When I got here I found nobody but sawyers, so I put in with them, and stopped altogether nigh two months. By George, the blacks were awful bad! Not one of them could we get in, and whenever the sawyers left their huts to look out for timber in the scrub, the villains were down on them like hawks. Not a bit of flour or a rag of clothing could they keep, and many a night they came home hungry enough, and found their bark humpies burnt down, and every bite and every stitch carried off. At last, one day, I stopped behind--planted, while the men went out to look for some more cedar. It wasn't long before the black devils showed, but I was ready for them. One fellow--the biggest black I ever saw in my life--came up boldly enough, just as if he was going to a tea-party, and twenty more behind him. I had the gun already present- ed, and two more loaded alongside, but just as I put my eye down to the sight"----- "Excuse me, Dick," said Harry, quietly; "it is quite plain to me that the lamentable accident that deprived the world of your duplicate eye occurred more than twelve months ago. How do you manage to shoot with the left?" In a moment Dick laid the butt of his left thumb against his left shoulder, and brought his only left eye, by an extraordinary twist, down to the first joint of the fore- finger--levelling that weapon with deadly certainty at Harry's somewhat conspicuous proboscis. The sceptic was convinced, but not satisfied. "How is it," said he, "that they nick- named you Terrible Dick? Are you in the habit of eating all the people you kill?" "Well, sir," said Dick, stroking the corners of his mouth with the thumb and fingers of his left hand, "when we come to know one another better I might tell you that. But if you want to chaff me, you've got hold of the wrong mark, I can tell you." "Oh, nonsense, Dick," said I; "you know that Mr. Eastgate is only joking. And you, Harry, do let the man go on with his story. Here you have been, stowed away all the passage, and now that you exhibit yourself for the first time, you want to make Dick as uninteresting as yourself. Go on, Dick." "Nice comfort you gave me in that dog- hole of a cabin," replied Eastgate, "but I submit." And at this moment he did so in- deed, for there was a gentle shock, a flap of the sails, a swing of the boom across the companion, and the lofty was laid low, for poor Harry was deposited in the scuppers, giving Dick and myself ample warning to * The reader will please to remember that this .was eighteen years ago. get out of the way. The skipper being be- low, our helmsman had been rather too at- tentive to the yarn, and had steered us stem on to one of those muddy sand banks which are numerous ib the river, but may easily be avoided. In five minutes all hands were busy, getting out a kedge, to warp us off. The tide having begun to fall, the cutter stuck fast, so, after a most eloquent inter- change of compliments in the Northumber- land-English and Anglo-Swedish dialects be- tween Captain John and Fred the Mate, phi- losophy had nothing left for it but to clew up the sails and go to dinner. It was an- noying to be thus pulled up in full career, but Fred excused himself on the ground that "de vint baffled rount de ent of dat tamt is- land!"--a reference which reminded us in various ways of Master Dick's story; so, as there is not much temptation to linger at the dinner table of a coasting cutter, we soon ad- journed to the deck, and got the yarn once more under way "Well," resumed Dick, "I was just going to shoot this big blackfellow, and you would'nt have given a fig of tobacco for his life, when a long faint 'coo-o-o- ey!' from the scrub made me start, and the gun went off without hitting anybody, so far as I know. When the smoke cleared away, not a black was to be seen. Them fellows vanish in a moment, and I could hardly believe my eyes." "Only one Dick," said Harry "I could hardly believe, sir," continued Dick, turning his back to his tormentor and addressing me, "that a score of raging blood- thirsty blackfellows had stood there a minute before. But I hadn't any time to think, for again that 'coo-o-o-ey' sounded, and so mournful and faint like, that I felt sure something dreadful had happened. I knew very well it was one of our own men, for there is all the difference in the world be- tween a bushman's cooey, and the short 'hoo-hu!' of the darkies. I coo-o-o-ed in re- ply, and picking up the two loaded guns, made off in the direction of the sound. As I kept pushing through the thick scrub, coo-o-o-ey-ing every minute to keep the poor fellow's heart up--for his voice sounded like somebody wailing over a dead body--I couldn't help thinking how easy it would be for the murdering rascals to send a dozen spears through me before I could say 'knife'; but I knew very well there was no fear of them now. They'd done their day's work and that harmless shot had sent them wrig- gling off to their holes like snakes. I soon came up to Jem Brown, for he was the man, sitting on a dead log, with his head and face all covered with blood, and his brother Bill, a fine young fellow, not more than twenty years old, lying down on his back, with the blood bubbling out of his mouth every time he breathed. Poor Jem was almost done up, and it was not till afterwards that I heard how the whole thing happened. Four of them had left the hut in the morning-- Jem and his brother, and two others named Raikes and Boller. They saw nothing of the blacks, and after picking out some more timber, the two brothers were sawing at the pit while the others were cross-cutting a large cedar tree, which they had cut down the day before. You see there were only five of us altogether at this place, though there were other sawyers lower down, and our party, instead of having their hut close to their pit, as mostly is the case, liked to keep their head-station on the bank of the river, for they had a boat to take care of. Well, Jem Brown was in the pit and his brother on the top, and the saw was going up and down quite merrily, when all of a sudden the pitman found it stop in his hands, while a loud scream from Bill, and a yell from twenty savages, told him in a moment what was up. He was just scrambling out, and could see his brother lying bleeding where he had fell after jumping off the log, when a blow on the head from a waddy knocked him back, stunned, into the pit. He saw the fellow that did it--a black like a giant nearly seven feet high he thought, and the same devil, no doubt, that I was so near settling. Well, he lay stunned for a long time, and when he came to himself all was quiet. He got out, giddy enough, and there was Billy Brown, lying where he saw him before, with a pool of blood round him. He had five spear wounds in the breast, but, for a wonder, not a blow on the head, and he had just breath enough to say that the tall black had the chief hand in his murder--for murdered he was, that was plain. A few yards away, Raikes and Boller were lying quite dead, with their skulls and faces bat- tered in, and their arms and legs broken with waddies. The attack was so sudden, that they had no time to get at their guns, and, as luck would have it, the blacks had not noticed where they lay,-- planted with some cartridges, close by. Jem was hardly able to hold up, but at last he had managed to get poor Bill upon his back, and here he had brought him as far is he could, till he was clean knocked up, and obliged to sit down and cooey, in hopes I should hear him. "I could see that Jem was in no danger but as for poor Bill, it was all over with him. His brother wanted me to lend a hand and get him on to the hut, but I knew very well by the blood coming from his mouth, that he was speared through the lungs; and, besides, just at this minute his eyes turned right upwards, till we could see nothing but the white part, and I took hold of Jem's hand, for I couldn't speak to him. It's a very melancholy thing, sir, to see a poor fellow dying like this in the bush. It was not the first time, by many, that I had seen things of that sort, but I couldn't help being a little soft-hearted at this, for though all the sawyers are rough fellows enough, I knew these brothers were very fond of each other, and had gone through a good deal of danger together. They had both been sailors, and ran away from a ship with a Tartar of a captain, being obliged to swim ashore together, in Sydney harbor, to get away. They came down here with the first Sydney vessel, and were always talking about get- ting back to Liverpool, where their old mother lived, when they could get money enough. "You, gentlemen, don't know what it is to be in a scrub just about sundown It is a dull place enough at all times, but after you lose the little sun that ever shines there it is like a great grave; and a mate of mine, that was a bit of a scholar, used to say that the Australian scrubs were desecrated to the ghosts of departed tribes." "Consecrated," suggested Harry. "Well, may be so, sir, but I don't see much difference. At all events, it was miserable enough, with the night coming on, to see poor Jem Brown, with his big hand spread over his bloodstained face, and poor Bill lying dead enough now--all his troubles over, and no more hopes of Liverpool for him, pool fellow. I couldn't help putting my arm round Jem's shoulder, so he stood up, and when he did so, his brother's up- turned eyes looked just as if they were fixed upon him. I shall never forget how Jem knelt down on both knees, and laid hold of his brother's two hands like a savage, as he cried out, 'Aye, Bill! I know what you mean, and by the ------- ---- I'll do it.' He then swore the most dreadful oath I ever heard that the first black he caught alive he would put across the pit, and cross-cut him with the pit saw. "We had no means of digging a grave for the murdered man so we broke off some boughs and covered him, and after Jem had cut off a piece of his hair with his knife, we had hardly time to get to the hut before dark. You may be sure we were dull enough that night. I washed Jem's head, and dressed his wound, but it was a mere nothing, only he had a dreadful head- ache. We had all been laughing and yarning together the night before, little thinking that in a few hours three out of the five would be lying stark and stiff in the scrub. I wanted Jem to take the boat at once, and let us get away to the next cedar party, about six or seven miles lower down--but he wouldn't hear of this till he had buried his brother, and at last we made up our minds to take our guns and a spade at daylight, and bury all the dead bodies, after which, we would go off and get help from the other sawyers. Even this way it puzzled us, for there was a chance of the black wretches stealing our boat, or staving it, while we were away; but it would never do for one to go alone, and though I knew that the right way was to go off im- mediately, as we could do nothing for the cold corpses of the three men, yet Jem was so resolute not to leave his brother's body to the native dogs--who would surely be at it next day, if not that night--that I gave over arguing with him. (To be Continued.) PLAGIARISM.--The Melbourne Examiner thus touches upon the charges of plagiarism which have been made on the Colonial Press: \--"Some charges of plagiarism lately freely urged against certain writers in the colonial press, have been so keenly felt as to induce more than one indirect defence of the sys- tem. The following letter in the Age will be understood. It is signed 'Anti-Gallipot.' Every one will know whose hand wrote the signature, and to whom the allusions point Tantæne animis celestibus irae? Some of the stupid scribblers of 'slip slop,' who hang on to the muddy skirts of colonial literature, having lately preferred a charge of plagiarism against writers who will not probably conde- scend to notice the small malignity of their petty opponents, perhaps you would allow me space in your columns for an extract on the subject of 'Plagiarism,' from the works of one of the most brilliant, powerful, and original writers of the present day. I refer to John Ruskin, who, replying in the third volume of his 'Modern Painters' to some of his critical gad-flies, observes:-- 'The charge of plagiarism is hardly ever made but by plagiarists and persons of the unhappy class who do not believe in honesty but on evidence. Touching plagiarism in general, it is to be remembered that all men who have sense and feeling are being continually helped. They are taught by every person whom they meet, and enriched by everything that falls in their way. The greatest is he who has been oftenest aided, and if the attainments of all human minds could be traced to their real sources, it would be found that the world has been laid most under contribution by the men of most original power, and that every day of their existence deepened their debt to their race, while it enlarged their gifts to it. The labor devoted to trace the origin of any thought or any invention, will usually issue in the blank conclusion that there is nothing new under the sun, yet nothing that is truly great can ever be altogether borrowed, and he is com- monly the wisest, and is always the happiest, who receives simply, and without envious question, whatever good is offered him, with thanks to the immediate giver.' " 