LITERARY LEISURE. (ROOM THE SATURDAY REVIEW 1 While the most successful member of his (family is sending the souls of men to Hades, v working unnumbered woes to Europe, and sub . tating England to ten millions of unnecessary taxation, Prince Lucien Bonaparte is, we hear, of toying in the north of England, for the purpose (1 -translating the Song of Solomon into the dialect of Durham, and intends, when he has accomplished that feat, to move into the North Riding and translate the same composition into the dialect of Yorkshire. There are, some facts which seem to breathe a stranger and of a quiet repose when we hear them, they take us so completely out of the busy world, which seeks w without intermission to get profit or do something useful. They remind us that there are persons in the world if he can afford to do things in which the world has no concern. To think of Prince Lucien engaged in this occupation is like enter into the ivy-grown ruins of an abbey or monastery. We get at once into a * region of such preternatural calm and patient content. There is also a gentle emotion of wonder added by the reflection that the person enjoying this perfection of literary men- tel c is a prince, was not only a prince, but j race of the race of the turbulent Gorsicnn. It is a grand caprice, and worthy of a man of "an Im serial line. It is strange when a foreigner attempts to run into any work at all into Lnglibli ; it is equally strange that he should nk of the Song of Solomon, as the test of his black; j but superlatives fail us when we come to til 3 I 1 strangeness of his wishing to translate the Song I 1 Solomon first into the Durham and then into the Yorkshire dialect. Let us for a moment picture to ourselves the late Duke of Sussex translating Ovid's Metamorphoses first into Moldavian, and then into Wallachinn. There is something high-bred and serene in the unexampled grand of uselessness attaching to the Prince's project, calf, club always something to do anything whatever nYjthe most perfect and extreme way in which it can be done. Prince Lucien Bonaparte appears to us to be carrying the delights' of literary leisure To their highest point" it, is not easy to be engaged in a literary work, and at abstain entirely from the vulgarity of making some contribution to literature. And you any notion of work spoils the notion of leisure. In the days of the Irish famine, there was a gentleman who offered a starving Irishman eighteen pence a day to make a hole six foot everyway, fill it up again, and then remake it. The Irish man gave up at the end of the second day. He could not, although he was hungry, go on for ever at work that was no work-at an occupation that, so far as results went, was perfect leisure. Put a Prince has a soul equal to the task. Prince Lucien will do the thing perfectly. He will fill up his hole in Durham and dig it again in York i hire without the slightest reluctance. If we consider this translation of the Song of Solomon as the some of literary pastime, we find it perfect in three great points. In the last place, there is no hurry about finishing it. No publisher, no public, will be urgent to see the risk complete. There is no reason, except the shortness of human life, why a year should not be devoted to the translation of each verse. Nor will the value of the production be diminished in the translation is half-finished. Half of the Song, of Solomon in the Durham dialect is surely as good as the whole. This is an excellence which I would attach to hardly any other undertaking which the Prince could have set himself. If They had attempted any more ordinary work, although he might have been free-from the entreaties of booksellers and the impatience Of readers, he would still have been tormented by the wish SON to leave undone, what he had begun. But the beauty of translating the Song of Solomon into the Durham dialect is, that it makes no difference whether the whole of it is done, 01 half, I or none. Supposing one day the Prince translates a verse, nothing is gained. Suppose the next day he takes a holiday, nothing is lost. In the first great requisite of a task of literary leisure-the absence of any motive or cause of hurry-the translation proposed by the Prince is unexceptionable.; , , ' In the next place, there is a subdued and mild irony about the work, iriiiehhas its pleasant side. Of course there is nothing wrong in translating any portion of the Bible into any dialect of human speech, and yet we cannot forget that the Song of Solomon has been the theme of a great controversy among commentators. Some have thought that the woman to whom it is addressed is simply a Jewish maid; others think she is allegorical of the Church. We do not know to which side of the dispute Prince Lucien means, but let us suppose, as is probable, that he sees great difficulties in adhering unre- servedly to either. Is there not something comic in a person who doubts whether the damsel of the song is or is not allegorical, appealing to her in a phrase which Mr. Brodie's authority assures us is pure Yorkshire? "Cum whom, telle', come wheat." There is a sort of slight put on the commentators in their researches, their Dryasdust interpretations, and their mysterious symbolism, by using this language and yet, as it is good Yorkshire, and is a recognised form of human speech, no one can quarrel with the Prince for using it. It must give a lazy man line feelings of passing satisfaction to think of the game he is thus playing so innocently. He gets lifted -into an easy sense of superiority. U line the commentators are only shadowy people, p a r off, and really unconnected with him, is quite in keeping with the true source of his enjoy- ment. To. gratify a faint malice for absent people, to poke a sort of ghost of fun at the outside world, is about as strong on excitement as is compatible with the languid inactivity of the real literary lotus eater. _ _ i Lastly, there is an isolation about translating The Song of Solomon into the dialects of Northern England, which must suit the wayward fancies of a literary recluse. To all very useless labour something of solitude must necessarily attack. There is not much interference on the part of the world in an occupation by which the world cannot i possibly benefit. But this translation of the Song of Solomon takes us a little further than this. We have tried to recollect the nearest approach to Prince Lucien's production in point of utter uselessness that we have over seen, and we can find none nearer than a translation made by a clergyman of the whole of "Samson Agonistes into, bad Greek rambles. The author had gone steadily through the whole poem, doing the dialogue into such families, and the choruses into such surpasses as are done by a conscientious but stupid boy of 16. This was useless ; but its uselessness fell far short of that of Prince Lucien's translation. For the clergyman might have been a tutor, and have done the translation in order to practise himself; and boys Bet to translate the " Agonistes " might put the clergyman's version to a use-bad, but still in use and crib from it; or a better scholar might derive from reading it the pleasure of thinking, how much better he could have done it. But there are no such purposes to which the Yorkshire Song of Solomon can be turned. No one can wish to steal from it, no one can wish to surpass it The translator is absolutely cut off from all sympathy and rivalry while translating it. This work can- not be of the smallest or most indirect use to any one. He is isolated ; he is placed apart from the hopes and fears, the good and the bad wishes, of mankind. What other literary occupation con fancy paint in which this solitary uselessness would he so complete and so inevitable ? There is a reproach cast on authors of all kinds and on those generally who devote their hours to literature that they are gi ubs, book- worms, miserable, incapable pedants. The authors of the present day seem inclined to avoid this re- proach by proclaiming themselves athletes, proves, and sporting men. It is only by an accident, and under protest, that they'drop'the sword or the fowling-piece to take the pen and nee the ink. We cannot recognise the absolute truth of, either representation of literary life. Perhaps the latter is nearer reality than the former. " According to these fancies, persons engaged in literature seem to us to enjoy and amuse themselves much like other people But we do not believe that the special notion of an author has ever really sprung from the conduct, of authors by profession, "or if it ever sprang from this source, it would long ago have died away, if it had not been recruited from a very different region. It is the man of literary leisure Who gives a tangible form to the popular impression of an author. It is the man who is deeply versed in books, and who can afford to be occupied about them in a way that can do no possible good to any human being, that realises our highest conception of literary pedantry. No poor man, no merely literary man, would think of translating the Song of Solomon into the Dublin dialect. But this is within the scope of the magnificent inutility of a prince. Thus not only does Prince Lucien enjoy in the highest degree of literary leisure which is free from hurry, has. tUe zest of irony and inspires a sense of solitude ; but, in the language of his Imperial relation, he embodies and represents a great idea that of utterly fruitless and purposeless authorship. 