FREE ENTRY ON THE PUBLCV LANDS— NO UPSET PRICE. TO TUB KDITOIt OF TIIE AGE. Slit — The knots of idle workmen that srrunter about our streets is tin endorsement o£ the necessity for tho adoption of tho above iw.tural and just land policy. The laborer should, freely enjoy his right to enter 011 tho publie domain, and invest his little capital and labor in im proving the same, rearing food for his; family, and obtaining a surplus to exchange for others' merchandize. The gigantic job, wheroby the Railway Works were let to ono iirui cat a cost ui iipwnrtiB 01 vnree millions, wneu fieven con tractors had oifered to do the work fo;.- eighty thousand pounds less, employing double°the labor, at perhaps higher rates' of wagf.-.s, giving, a greater weekly circulation of the sinews of business among the shopkeepers, with, increased demand on other .handicrafts, is ou.e of the greatest injuries that has been inflicted on the colony during the twenty years of its chequered progress ! If a squatter ministry 'had perpe trated this act of favoritism, tho-je now in [lower would have railed loud and lo.ng against the waste of the public money, and s acrificc of the interests of the working class to capitalists, special friends, and tho banking in'iorest; but now that they are principals in the transaction, the whole dictionary of their grandiloquent vocabulary will be called into play tu- -'bounce it out ' and gull the public. When a-t the next election qjrtestions aro asked relative to this act, some of 'thein will try to shirk th e onus, ex claiming, like Macbeth to. the gory ghost of Banco, ' Thou canst not say I did it.' Still 'tis dones.', and the laboring classes a.w suffering therefroqi. If tho aoi-ciis'int People's Ministry would offer any atonement to tho duped people, they should id;, once propose that their long promised land bill shall stop the sale of the people's lands, a nd provide free entry upon the public estate, ^without upset price, to all who will cul tivate ut, at a nominal yearly rato jkt acre for the amount used. And in order to win public confidence in their pledges, as an earnest of their ^ood intentions, they should proclaim a sufficiiuit tract of country near all populous localities, open to the people's uso 'with free entry immediately. Their railway trick has thrown numbers of worthy men into the ranks of unwilling idlers, many 0 f whom havo yet money sufficie nt loft to crop tvD id cultivate a few acres, but before any Land Hill can be passed all this mom-y may be gone. , Lot them have now the acres to culti vate, .»nd by the time a new Land Bill, is passed they w ill be capitalists able to cultivate more, and e D lploy labor. . . If . tiho Ministers neglect this opportunity of repairing the breach, it w.'ll grow wider and seal their fate ; mere conventionalism wiLl not servo the p«!ople now. It would be a heartless moeke.ry of the wrongs, poverty, and sufferings of thj working class to offer them a Land Bill on t'he ' American model' of ' Upset price,' they have not enough to pay any money down for till - land; but each has an inhereat right to use th- e land to obtain food, and whoso prevents him i f a traitor to his God, to his follow man, and t-3 his country. Some of the Ministers have yet toi learn that this colony is in ' a transition state — political as well as social — thai they owe their *er y elevation on tho Treasury b-enches to this -3 hanging feature of our state. The nos trums that yesterday wero received as specifics for f ut r ills — real and fancied — are to-clay ' ex pose id. ' as quackeries. When some partisan ven dor ol the state political wares that we re in re put f; three months since, proffers tlie freshly lab led nauseums, such as J. O. S's anti-squatter sap ice — -a 1) tiller's capitalists pepper, and ould Ire iland s soap and bully— people turn aside with sin .'feit and disgust. The self styled ' People's Ministry' may havo been the ' idols of an he ui a-,' when tho brass shone fresh and bright J')*) n their brows, and simple folk believed it v ;as gold but the tarnish so rapidly wrought by the Ministerial atmosphere, has revealed, ovt in to their worshipers' purblind vision, the br-] io counterfeit. Thusa who yesterday lauded them to the skies as 'saviors of their country' now rail on them in terms as forcible as they are well merited. I am. Sir, Yours' respectfully. S. JACOBS. 