THE COURIER. PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY AFTERNOON, JANUARY 15. Sbtrmut.<t i|5t'(rt|)m EVENTS OF THE WEEK. It sometimes puzzles the journalist to get up a weekly chapter on current events in a small community. where matters only of great magnitude are deemed to be noteworthy;"' but a colony possessing an electric telegraph, and a good port, is never long without interesting intelligence of some sort. In the absence of a Crimean, an Indian, or a Chinese war, or matters equally startling, and even whilst England is enjoyingherlethargic vacation," there is still always something moving to keep the world awake. importance as regards events is, like most other attributes, comparative. As a man, according to Adam Smith's theory of Moral Sentiments, suffers more from the loss of his own little finger than from hearing that the population of a whole Chinese province had been destroyed by an inundation, so does: every little community feel interested in its own wants and enjoyments first, leaving the throes of the outside world to a more convenient season, --of'' The news from. Europe by. the, Salsette. supply very few items of more important information than accounts of the initiation of Prince Alfred into the Midshipman's berth of the Euryalus, on a cruise to "foreign parts, as our grandmothers used to phrase it, at which ceremony it appears His Royal Highness, like Middies in general, parted from his Royal Papa in very decorous and becoming manner. The Prince of Wales is, it seems, destined for the army, an infantry regiment, the Grenadier Guards, being the one named for his practical military school. There are many now living who recollect the initiation into practical and useful life of the sons of George III. The Prince of Wales became the first gentleman in Europe," and the sovereign of its most chivalrous nation; the Duke of York commanded the Army; the Duke, of Clarence came tobe Lord High Admiral of the Navy, and ultimately Britannia's "Sailor King." De mortuis nil nisi bonum; but little can be said of the advantage which the British nation, the Army, or the Navy derived from their existence. The progress of mankind is affected by, but no longer dependant on, the conduct of persons in high places; and England has long outgrown the inconvenience and danger of having the wrong man in the wrong place." May our young Princes-of -? the present day profit by their example, and prove themselves worthy of high place by personal merit. In these days as ' Worth makes the man, the want. of it the fellow;' and in the modern temper of practical utili- barbarism, worth will determine a man's place in the battle-field of life, whether his blood be plebeian or patrician. May our i Princes of the blood turn out good men, and clever soldiers and sailors. Whether they do or not, it will probably be the same a hundred years hence. The power of high station to do good increases with every generation e, but its power to do evil has diminished, is diminish-; ing, and will probably soon: be reduced below; the point of appreciable mischief. I" Amongst the other points of European news may be mentioned the progress of the new! Mail contract, which is to commence with the present year. As the new route will be by the Mauritius instead of by Ceylon, we shall lose the advantage of our present communica-; tion direct with India, and indirect with China. This loss will, probably, on the, whole be more than compensated for by the promised mid-monthly mail via Panama. In connection with this subject, it may be mentioned that a proposition has been made to run the Australian Mails from Queenstown, Ireland, which it is estimated can be done in forty-five days 1 -The arrival of H.M.S. Amethyst from Singapore has caused some additional anima-' tion in our quiet community. We are indebted to the politeness of Captain Grenfell for about a month's later news of British doings in China. Our readers are aware that a large portion of the Chinese provinces commanded by the Yangtse-Kiang and its tributaries, were in the hands of the rebels. As this is the largest river in China indeed, the key to its internal commerce, this occupation , must greatly affect the trade and the security of the country. Lord Elgin, attended by the Chinese Commissioners, has gone 300 miles up the river, to hold a conference with the rebels. The He rebels have been represented, not as a patriotic body struggling for liberty, justice and civilization, but a confederation of robbers, originating ? with secret societies for brigandage, who have been permitted, by official supineness and corruption, to enrol a large portion of the population indeed, to become a large army. The nominal chief of the rebels, who keeps aloof from the missionaries, declares himself Sovereign of the whole earth, the younger son of Jesus Christ, and assumes to be in constant personal inter- course with the Deity, The 'King of the East,' who calls himself the Holy Ghost, another leader, has been killed, with 2000 of his followers, in a partizan quarrel.' The Chinese are unable to cope with this physical force' demonstration, but as the locusts have desolated the provinces held by the rebels, the so-called rebellion is said to be dying out. If Lord Elgin can manage to bring about any accommodation between the insurgents and the Imperial government, it will not only greatly increase the prestige of the British, but will restore the freedom and security of trade. The Yang-tse-Kiang and the seaboard are said to be so overrun with pirates that not even a fleet of fishing boats can leave the harbour without a convoy. The presence in the district of a few armed British vessels will soon after this state of things. The British merchants after the last war sent out an inundation of pianofortes and of balanced knives and forks, for a nation who prefer ' chopsticks' on principle, having left off the use of knives and forks when they became civilized 1' They must now make a better of selection for the Chinese market; and as far. as can be judged of by the last information; there are various matters which John Bull can supply to John Chinaman, with that essential of commercial intercourse profits,-.. I . ^ Our domestic matters have not been with' out local interest. The Supreme Court at Launceston disposed of some heavy cases, and our police records have presented the usual variety of offences, including the not ihfrerfnent; one of hocussing and robbing A Jack Tar. In! addition to our Benevolent Associations for'; protecting Female Emigrants, our Maternal and Dorcas Societies, our Maid Servants' Home, cc., there evidently exists amongst us a great social want? that of a Society for Protecting 'Jack Ashore.' We commend this matter to the moral and prudent of both sexes, and of all classes. Our amusements have comprised the Longford Races, at which the speed of the Tasmanian horses proved not unworthy of their high progenitors, and superior to that of the best of Australia. At the Hippodrome, horses -dance quadrilles, 'dogs waltz, dance the schottische, and play at leap-frog, leaving the impression that there are few feats: of the Circus which they cannot perform, excepting to 'play the feelings part reserved for the lords of creation. The human performers, nevertheless, surpassed that have come before I them, each after his kind, and the public attendance is numerous and enthusiastic The athletic game of cricket, which now bids fair to become one of our enduring national sports is being cultivated with a will." We have recently had several good matches, which evincE great improvement in our players, and that ardent determination to excel in whatever is seriously undertaken, which is characteristic of Young Tasmania. The following matches have been played: Oatlands, 70 runs; Green Ponds, 70, i five wickets down. . (Evandale Union, 161 runs; Longford , Union, 163 runs, eight wickets down. New Town,. 113 runs; 'Young Derwent, I 175 runs, played out. It is not improbable that amongst the young English blood in the Iris and Amethyst, some good cricketers may he found. We hope to hear of some friendly matches being got up whilst these smart vessels remain with us. On Thursday night a ball took place in the Town Hall, which went off with great joyousness and eclat at which His Excellency and Lady Young and the Naval and Military celebrities assisted. 