TOMBOY AND HIS PERFORMANCES IVfwa/r rates to LWs Life in Victor!,,, the following biography of this competitor for the Australian Champion Sweepstakes. Tomboy, a brown gelding, bred by Mr. John ? at fatatford lodge, in 1859,is by The Premier out of Flight. Flight, bred by Mr W P. Greene in 1845, is by Rory O'More out of f" ^rema- has been iu the itud since 1846, but up to the present time, has had only two foais by a thoroughbred horse, viz. Tombov and Romp, who was foaled in 1852. Flight was c.r;iel last year by Boiardo. , ° Tomboy made his first appearance in public as a two-year-old at tbe Kyneton races of 1S53 a ,ormight after he hui been broken .in, and' bolted, the lad .who rode bim being unable to hold him; and I may here remark that the memorable Black Thursday, on which occasion ail his owner s hay, oats, and grass were burned militated greatly against the early growth of this equine celebrity. After his defeat at neton, he ivas well fed, and about December of the same year appeared at the Charlotte Pjiuus meeting, where he beat some of Mr. Simson s horses. lie was then left in that Gen tleman s stable to train, and at Kyneton in fair condition, run anay from everything that opposed him. He then-repaired to the metro polis to have a shy at the Leger, but had been tried so much with Balloon, that both colts were run ofl their feed, and Tomboy appeared in no condition- and was unable to get throng the deep ground. As a a four-year old, lm first effort was at Bendigo, and being in good form won his races with the utmost case, Jeannette being bis most formidable opponent. At the Turf Club Spring Meeting, Zanga beat lum in a canter for the Spring Stakes, though the for mer had the same day placed a good field /tors ds combat, including Sarawak, Arab, Flvin" Pieman, etc., in the Victoria Plate; but I remember that Tomboy's defeat was attributed to bad hay and oats, on the read, which purged him. At Carisbrook he walked over for one race, but being fat and short of work, was beaten at three utiles. He was then intrusted to Mr J Simson again, who took him to Ballarat, i where he was .beaten In 2II his engagements. After this, Mr. Orr took charge of himfand be came out as fit as a fiddle at Melbourne in March, 3.5, and played a wonderful successful engagement. On the first day, tho Publican's I ursefell to his share, imvhich lie vanquished Caledonia, Sarawak Jeanette, and Modesty. On the second, Vanguard and Frantic beat a retreat in the Member's Plate. On the third, carding 9st 31b, he ran away from Haphazard' (8sc 101b), Sarawak (9st Gib,) and DonDie«'o (7it 61b), in the Forced Ilandieap. On the fourth, with a thumping lOst, did not turn a hair in the Auctioneers' Plate, beating Sarawak (8»t lib) and Vapour (8st 101b) ; and tbe same afternoon, under list 7ib, placed Degraves's Cup on the credit side of his ledger. And on the Monday following, I-Want-It, the winner of the QueeuV Plate that year, hafl'nt a ghost of chance, in a match, three miles, for a couple of centuries. He was taken the next week to Geelong, where ho went all to pieces, after win ning the Town Plate, but was patched up to run his match with Jcamictte/far too good an animal at three miles to throw a chance away with, as the event proved for she made a grea t example of poor Tomboy, "and everybody said that he could not go so far as three miles He then had a spell in a paddock until March, '50 aud Ms understandings liofc being all there ap pend at the post for the Queen's Guineas, short of work, buthe ivou the race notwithstanding after a slashiug set-to with Freeholder, and beat mga good field, in which were Petrel,'Cardinal Wiseman, Becky Sharp, Jeannette, etc. Next day, with a 71b penalty, he was nowhere in the Town Plate, won by Van Tromp. But the Sweepstakes was more in lis way, and he bowled over "with case Cardinal Wiseman, Alma, and Jeannette; and the last day, secured the Auctioneers Purse against an indifferent field At Geetong lie WES beaten twice by. Van Tromp, but the middle day appropriated tho Steward s Purse, under welter weights. He then took a provincial tour, and finished the season at CasOemame, where he played ducks and drakes with eveiything he met Tomboy then lay on his oars for a whole season, and came out iu splendid condition to compete with Cooramia in a mile and a half match on the day of the great contest between Vc»o and Alice Hawthorne. ; The Sydney people were certainly in luck that day. for. iu his match with Tomboy Cootamiti ijarncd thi i??iTICt°^ 6 ^ ever '««Meved in this colony. 15ut the tables were turned the next week, when lomboy ran the memorable race with Veno and retrieved the laded laurels of tlie cre^ fallen Victorians. I never shall forget tho excitement of that afternoon, when Holmes re turned to scale after the race. It was pouring with ram, but nobody seemed to know it; and | -!env believe tho excited multitude would have carried the liorse into Melbourne, had .they been allowed. At the Princess's Theatre the next evening, Holmes was presented with a W * P1®® °f sovereigns as a trophy of tictoty andpvciybodybdieved him when he said,, that- )) eiiington at "Waterloo was not more proud of victory than he was on Tomboy." . ,1 ^ of fiw P%" announced that Tomboy would appear on the boards, but the apology that was given by Mr. Anthony Green, his teuner, amused the audience quite as much At the,November meeting, Tomboy was ir great force, and secured the Victoria Plate and Sweepstakes iu a canter, in both of which he vanquished Van Tromp, besides Alice Haw thorne in the former, and Woodpecker in the latter. But the List day he was murdered with weight ill the big Handicap, and Mr J. Orr did not push him when ho found his burthen, lost 71!), too.iMiich lor him. At Ballarat lie went for the Great Ilandieap, but a certain falling- oil' in his condition, and an accident at the back of (he course, prevented bis showing at the finish. Ilis last appearance upon the gay and festive >ec;ie was in tiie Queen's Cmi.u-as last year, when he broke down Icily, after going little more than a mile, lie was soon alter turned out and fired by Mr Anthony Green, and has enjoyed his ott'>u< mu. </7-/;it his owner's station en the C'o.'yban, almost up to the present time, j Ij:i;.t week lie was broneht to .Melbourne, and is :io-.v enjoying the .-ea air of St. Kilda at the private stables of Mr Jluaghavty, where he is j ?wing looked alter by Moingl:a:i. lie stands rather low iu the betting world, and lots oi :aouey can be put on him at the present time at 20 to.l. YoiTHjEUit, 1 