' SUMMARY 03? MONDAY'S AND ' WEDNESDAY'S NEWS. It is evident that our'municipal governors do not intend that the learned Mr. Prendergast and the still more learned Mr. Chapman Bhall "be the exclusive representatives of our com- munity on the question ot valuations. At tue Council on Tuesday Air. Eroomes proposed and it was unanimously carried, that the town clerk 'should telegraph to the President of the Board of Land and Works aud should also write to him recommending him to with hold his decision on the subject until the Council had expressed an opinion on the matter. This is a highly proper course on the part of the municipal authorities, and is an admirable rebuke to the pair who had the impudence to propose themselves as the de putation to represent the interests of the municipality on the matter. Some objection was taken to the fact of Mr. Chapman hav ing designated himself iu the memorial a "councillor," and thus made it appear that he represented the body, but the council generally seemed to he of opinion that it made no difference what that gentleman called himself, and one of the members libe rally gave him permission to dubb himself " A. S. S." if he liked. Whether Mr. Chap man will avail himself of this privilege or not remains to he seen. Amongst the other business of the Council was the adoption of a report from the special committee which liad been appointed to consider the question of mining on tlie streets and roads of the municipality. Their recommendation was that during the winter months no further applications be received, and that those then before the Council should be granted subject to the superintendence of the Town Surveyor. As our readers will have already gathered, Messrs. Prendergast and Chapman were duly elected delegates at the meeting of their own appointing on Eriday night. They are gone on their mission and will in due season re port the result of their journey, with the success of which the telegraphic message of the Council will probably have interfered. The meeting was well attended, perhaps rather too well, inasmuch as the supports of the room in which the deliberations took place, gave some ominous tokens of giving way, which led to on adjournment. Nothing dismayed, however, Alessrs. Prendergast and' Chapman completed the proceedings in a quarter of the Commercial, which rested on a more secure , foundation: To Alel- bourne they evidently were resolved to go, and not . even the sudden disappearance of the meeting after a fashion of a stage ghost through a trap door would have prevented them. ' In the police court during the week, the Jones' Creek perjury case, which has been dragging its slow length along for some time, was once more brought upon the tapis. The parties, who are tlie man Dunbear, aud: the woman Dodd, were further remanded. At the ?ryer8town police court, on Mon day, Edward John Toby was brought up on remand to answer a charge of embezzlement, preferred against him by Air Edliouse, of tlie Loddon brewery. The prisouer was "ulti mately discharged, and it is said intends bringing an action for false imprisonment against the prosecutor, so that the gentlemen of the legal profession ivill reap a further har- " vest from the case. In mining matters, speculations are rather busy just now in propounding schemes for the development of our auriferous resources. On Alonday, we felt it our duty to utter a few words of caution against wild and dis honest speculations. Giving, full credit to the integrity of the promoters of the Emu Reef Company, and to its payable character, we thought it necessary to say that tlie rush for shares in it was scarcely legitimate. \Ve thought and think still that the majority of the applications were made by speculators for the purpose of re-selling, and not for bom fide investment, and recommended that no transfer- should be allowed by any allottee until he had signed the deed of association. This course, it will be perceived, is now adopted by the provisional committee of the Emu Reef Company. Our caution on the subject was copied into all the Alelbourne journals, and we trust, therefore, that tho check thus applied to the evil will have the effect of preventing a state of things,- which otherwise might have led to panic and to disaster. At the quarterly meeting of the Specimen Gully Quartz Alining Association, held on Saturday, it was stated that within a week the company would commence to crush. Their financial position was also con sidered satisfactory, the greater, portion of the calls having been paid up.: The report of the mining engineer stated that it was pro. posed to continue the tunnel, now 256 feet long, some seventy-eight feet further ; the works were to commence next week. Tlie Beehive Quartz Alining Association at Afal- don are proceeding rapidly with their works, and it is expected that the stampers will be going before three months. Some very fine stones are reported .to have been taken from the Union Company of the same place, and saving mistakes, it is said that wonderful dividends are expected. We regret to have to record in connection with mining opera tions,' a dreadful accident at Eagle Hawk Gully. On Alonday a drive worked by three men named Ilall,, Robinson and "Wollnnd, caved in, and buried them in the debris, two qf them being killed on the spot, and the third escaping a Bhort time after. Two of the unfortunate men were married and have left their- wives and families in a most desti tute condition. The reports from Back Creek give more accounts of acts of lawless ness than mining mems. Three men armed with revolvers and cutlasses appear to have been doing the sticking-up business in rather a grand scale. They regularly waylaid, the draymen returning with their empty carts and their money, and robbed them. One of the parties assailed was a stout 'Scotchman, aud fought as as Sandy will for his siller, but in vain. The robbers, however, was so pleased with his courage that they presented liini with ten shillings of his own money as a testimonial of their regard for him. It will be perceived that Air. Montgomery William Bell has this week been addressing j the constituency of Alaldon. As we have I taken the liberty of dissecting his address in f another column, we content ourselves with | cording the fact here, and that we believe ( will tolerably well complete our summary of j ' the week's news. 