THE GREAT THELLUSSON CASE. | ON the 25th of May, the following communications " from a correspondent," appeared in the Times The most famous lawsuit of modern times is near its close. We must soon condole with the bar upon the termination of the great Thellusson will case, and congratulate the successful litigant on the remnants of a fortune which was to have endangered the liber- . ties of England. The last act is all but over-the curtain is about to fall. At such a moment, only the other day a correspondent in our columns suggested a compromise. So Mr. Pease interposed between Russia and England, and with an equal probability of success. Compromise the great Thellusson case ! You might as well talk of settling the Derby or com- promising a fight for the championship. The great Thellusson case was meant to be fought out. Besides, what would the lawyers say? Time out of mind Chancellors and Judges, with watering mouths and itching hands, have clutched at the tempting prize till it has fared with it as it often fares with some precocious fruit within reach of impatient fingers squeezed and pinched before it is ripe, its shrivelled form seems the ghost of what it might have been, while black and ugly finger-marks make ib>hard to say what manner of fruit it originally was. So it has been with this will. The great difficulty appears to be to divine the testator's intention amid the premature squeezing, and pinches of judicial commentators, while the property is. dispute is now no bigger than it was sixty years ago. Sixty years ago there died in England a French re- fugee named Peter Thellusson. He had been a merchant in Paris, and he afterwards carried on the same business in London. The world has prospered with him. He was enormously wealthy. He himself gracefully attributes his wealth to industry and integrity ; his friends ascribed it to less laborious and more questionable means. Be that as it may he left behind him son's and daughters who expected to share their father's property. His will was opened. It was a lengthy and careful document. It began in a strain almost prophetic by imploring the Legislature not to alter the provisions it contained. Many a long night had he spent over those provisions, musing alone as he paced up and down the corridors of an old house he had bought in Yorkshire. So family tradition runs. But, save himself and his lawyer, no one as yet knew its contents. It was read. To their horror, his sons received much advice, but small fortunes a great warnings against ostentation, and little wherewithal to be ostentatious. The bulk of his wealth was not for them. The old man had boarded in his lifetime ; nothing would serve him but to board in his grave. His property was to go on accumulating as long as the laws would allow, and then it was to be divided into three lots, and three families were to be founded in the person of a descendant of each of his three sons. We will follow one lot, the provisions are the same as regards each. One lot was to be settled upon all the male lineal descendants of his son Charles living at the time of division, in order. In what order ? is the question. First, Rays the will, upon the eldest and his issue, then upon the second and his issue, and so on through them all, excluding from the series any son or descendant of any previous taker, who would, of course, take through his parent or ancestor. Now, the appellant and respondent are both of them male lineal des- cendants-one as much so as the other, But which is the eldest now living ? One is first in age, the other is the heir in tail male of Charles Thellusson. Our readers may perhaps remember Sir Roger Scatcherd's defence of his will in Mr. Trollope's novel of " Doctor Thorne" :-" I dont know one of them ; never ever heard of them. I have given it to the eldest ; that's plain enough. How the deuce can I be more explicit? The eldest is the eldest all the world over. Now, this is just the appellant's argument-eldest is eldest all the world over. But, alas ! novelists are treacherous guides when they trespass on the domains of law. Eldest is not eldest all the world over. It is first-first simply-first in number, not in age and first in number in such a series naturally and imperceptibly becomes first in the ordinary succession to property. So one of the greatest lawyers that ever lived has said. And an authority perhaps of more weight still has written that eldest is not eldest, but most worthy. So, the contest raged, and each side appealed to the primary and natural meaning of the word. But when the combatants abandoned mere verbal criticism and betook themselves to guessing the intention of the testator, the contest waxed fiercer and the arguments wilder still. Did he mean to create a succession to be traced from his son Charles's shadowy Irish sort of succession, without anything to succeed to To create limitations jumping from great grandson to grandson, in and out, just as these male lineal descendants might stand as heirs to his son Charles, heirs to one from whom they were to inherit nothing ? Or did he mean, when the appointed time should come, to collect all the male lineal descendants of his son Charles then living, and disregarding entirely their heirship to Charles and their relationship to one another, arrange them in order of age, and thus select the fortunate individual from a crowd in consequence of a mere accident, the accident of being eldest Such a notion made Lord Eldon, in his own words, " hold his hands up and exclaim ' Is it possible he could have meant this ?'" And the joke has not lost its point yet. " Eccentric" was too mild a term for it it was absurd and fantastical. The sparkling witticisms of stage clowns were cited to show that in the English language words may have a metaphorical sense. The testator might as well have selected the tallest of the youngest. Who ever heard of a man in his senses choosing an heir for his age ? Why, it is done every day, replied the other side. Upon what other principle do men deal with their sons? Write " sons' for " male lineal descendants" in this part of the will, and you have the ordinary every-day settlement of property. Write " male lineal descendants " for "sons " in a common will, and tie the property up for a while, and you have this will over again. These male lineal descendants living at the time of division are the heirs to the old man's wealth. No one is to touch it before it comes to them. They are his adopted sons. Why should he not treat them so ? It is very simple. And there would be these three results. First, there would be the greatest possible difficulty in encumbering the property while it was in suspense ; secondly, the first possessor would be a person of mature age; and, lastly, no one would be educated in the idea that he must needs be the heir to all this wealth-a course of education which, if the solemn warnings against osten- tation mean anything, had not been attended with the best results in the case of his real sons. Shrewdly put, and plausibly ; but the rejoinder was plausible too. Any one would desire to have his heir educated in a manner suitable to his future station. If accumulation were the only object, an infant would serve the best and if one or more of his descendants should obtain a peerage, the testator would naturally wish the property and the title to go together, which might counterbalance any advantage to be gained by keeping the gift contingent and uncertain. < Such are the leading arguments on each side. We have no intention of following them further. Back- wards and forwards for five weary days their Lord- ships were taken through this will-through " the limitations," the "presentation," the accumulation, and " the parenthesis ; " for, like a favourite trout stream, every shallow and eddy has received a name from those who have fished so long and so profitably in its pellucid waters. How interesting it must be to lawyers may be gathered from the fact that one noble lord, whose invaluable services are now almost lost to his country, in spite of impaired health came forth once more to impugn or defend the arguments which he had used as counsel and circulated as author some thirty years ago ; while another noble lord, whose more recent interest in the case for bad him to sit as judge, sat throughout the contest a patient and attentive listener. To the public at large the great interest of the case ' lies, of course, in the bitter satire it contains upon posthumous vanity and posthumous ambition ; out beyond that it is a pretty puzzle for any ingenious mind that cannot find sufficient food for its ingenuity in the manoeuvres of the Austrians or the metamor- phases of the Conservatives. As for a compromise, so much good sense would be strangely out of place in the history of the affair. 