INTERESTING DISCOVERY OF FOSSILS {From the Charleston Mercury.) Hardly more than a year has elapsed since the ' Mercury ' was enabled to announce to the world that discovery of positive proofs of the existence of the horse on this continent prior to its habitation by the white man, or perhaps any race of men. from investigations and discoveries among the fossils of Ashley river, by that indefatigable, student of nature, Professor F. S. Holmes of the College of Charleston. We are again indebted to the labours of the same gentle- man for the discovery of fossils of a still more remark- able and interesting nature, via., the product of man's ingenuity in immediate relation with the« remains of the mastodon. This is startling, for it carries the red man, or some race of rude invention, back to the era of the mastodon, which it established. This discovery was made upon the premises of Dr. Klipstein, Christ Church parish, a gentleman of ardour and reputation in scientific research. The surrounding country is undulating, remarkably so for the low country of South Carolina, the immediate spot being the re- claimed bed of a pond of former ages within a narrow belt of elevations along the seashore. There had been a rank growth of juniper, cedar, and willow on that spot, which was only cleared a few years ago. About two years since Dr. Klipstein, in making an excavation for a ditch across this piece, threw up a middle upper tooth of a mastodon and two teeth of a horse, all fossils. No further excavations were made until recently, when Professor Homes, in the interval of his labours incident to his intended publication, embracing the Ashley river discoveries with a few friends, made an excursion to the spot, expecting to find the skeleton of a mastodon. A short work sufficed to uncover a piece of a mastodon's tusk, eighteen inches in length which had been broken off. On the opposite side of the ditch, dug two year's ago, were found additional remains of the same tusk, which is the tusk on the right of the snout, measuring in all over six feet in length. Beside the root or base of the. tusk was found a portion of the socket bone of the mastodon's snout. into which the tusk accurately fitted. The bone is in a fair state of preservation ; but the tusk, being of ivory, is very fragile, but still beautifully presents the peculiar structure of the ivory. Additional teeth were found. completing the right upper jaw. The smallest anterior grinder is three inches in length and two in breadth. The posterior tooth it a monster, though not whole when complete it measured seven and a half inches in length by three and a half in breath, and was composed of three papillæ. While uncovering these remains, Professor Homes discovered the left femur of the Cervus Virginiana, the common deer which still roams our forests, and as edge of the shell of the Emys, a fresh water turtle or terrapin. Those formed a very interesting group, for among them were discovered a fragment of pottery, the manufacture of some early aborigines of South Carolina, identifying the contemporaneity of mankind, the mastodon, the deer, and the turtle. The hard portions of the bones only are preserved, the adjacent soil being stained with the decayed bones and other elements of these animals. The soil in which these fossils were found is about a foot in depth of pure muck or vegetable matter, over lying a thin strip of quicksand. Burrs of the pine and traces of several trees abound in it. Beneath these fossils, as well as about and above them, were the branches of cedar trees and the burrs and leaves of the pine. The ivory tusk was of a brilliant black when first exhumed. but it blues by exposure to the light. It would be supererogatory in at to pronounce upon the importance of this discovery, when our friend Professor Homes, gives us yet no opinion. It is merely an interesting discovery, which commends itself to the study of the palæontologist. We remember of no other instances of the finding of human manufactures among fossils of the era of these. Professor Holmes, in his investigations into the re- markable nature of the fossils' region about Charleston, it giving our city a |prominence in a geological point of view second only to that which accrues to him as the diligent explorer of this vast storehouse of nature's records. Misfortunes are like thunder and stormy clouds—in the distance they appear black, but when over our heads they are scarcely grey. As bad dreams denote an agreeable future, so will it be with the often painful dream of life when it is past. All our strong feelings like ghosts, have their influence for a certain period only ; and if a man were to say to himself, this passion, this pain, this rapture, is sure after three days to lose its effect on the mind, then would be always be composed and quiet.— Jean Paul Richter. There is less real and serious malice in the world than is sometimes imagined; it is mostly of a petty sort. There is hardly a person who would do his neighbour any material injury—that would not rather do him a good turn if it lay conveniently in his power. Yet there are a great many who would with satisfaction repeat any story which might be a little to another's disadvantage— which might tend to prove that another was rather silly, conceited, or ill-informed. The Love of ridiculing others seems one of the strongest features in the human character. 