DISCOVERY OF FOSSIL BONES NEAR lfiö° BURNHAM. .. . . i'inm Utter in "The Field," by F. T. Buckland, 2nd T Life Guards.) _ ¿L-j, »tranco that just as we oro inaugurating ino Kte of» new animal (the Eland) as a member Jw domestic parks and herds, the ghost, M it were, A ancient primasval British ov should rise from _L «ave of clay to remind us that the Hand is an in ?f ,",, " fnreiirncr and that, m our ndoration of ffÄÄffinotforBottherealoldpatriarch Ä founder of the proverbial English roast beef ¡nor Sed is it right that tho memory of a now extinct S producing animal should entirely be forgotten by Son of Sccf-cstcrs whose broad acres he once 2-mcd over long before the creation of the first rcpic Sive of our species. True it is, that the whole S f what arc now called <. fossil oxen''have SR perished from this island, and that their reprc ïïtatives arc found only in distant elimos ; but every low and then their bones turn up from the breast of Whcr earth, and afford us, the present inhabitants of Sgearth a fit occasion to resound the records of the »ble and ancient family of " Bos.* "here i« perhaps no spot on the face of this globe -riuch exhibits a greater number of interesting facts J_imccted with tho world's history than Oreat jjJtaiB, nor any in which the evidence of the former .¿¡Utoncoof animals now extinct is more abundant or .¡¡¡elusive. Time was, when huge herds of gigantic .Aphants contested with the rhinoceros the BOVC *3Lty of the primtcval forests of this island-when {¡¡flakes and nvers were tenanted by hippopotami as fnnidable as these of Africa-and when bears and -HÚves and hyrcnas preyed upon the carcases of the fabler herbívora. Contemporary with these, three ¿fctinct species of oxen, two of gigantic size, roamed .<-jér the plains and shook the forests with their bel Unririg. Of these animals many had become utterly extinct ages before the foot of man loft its print upon the virgin soil ; but some of them lived for a consider- able period after the island had become inhabited. Here is evidence of the existence of bears in Scot- land so late as 1057, when a Gordon, in reward for til prowess in killing one, was directed by the king to carry the device of three bears' heads upon his Tanner,- the wolf existed till within a comparatively «cent period, the last being destroyed in Scotland in 1680\. In Ireland, however, they were found so far «town as 1710. The Rev. R. P. Bent, of Burnham, near Maiden- head, very kindly wrote to inform me that in a clay- pit at Dorney Wood Farm (close to the celebrated Burnham beeches), in the occupation of Mr. W. Webster, a number of curious bones had been found by the labourers in a clay- pit from which they were .figging brick earth. Tho pit is about 25 or 30 feet -deep. After passing through tho common earth, .OB the top oro observed numerous strata of "Variously- coloured sands and clay, indicating _ a ¿esh water deposit ¡ nnd the regularity with »hieb the strata are placed one on th'e other ^Babies us to state that the water was in a -tranquil state during the time of deposition. At the tyttom of all is the brick-earth clay, and on the im tfcdiatc surface of this the bones were discovered. Mr. Webster had most considerately ordered thom to bo covered up with clay till my arrival, and, with the «ti of some kind friends, I proceeded to disinter them. Tliis was a work of no small difficulty, for they were 1_ an extreme state of decay, crumbling to dust at tho Itast touch, like wood affected with tho dry rot. They irtrc pretty numerously scattered about the surface of the clay, but in no regular order. Curiously enough, upon lifting up a bono its im- pression was seen clearly defined upon the clay, proving that the bone when deposited was of consider- able weight, and 'that the clay was very soft. Having taken the bones home, and the clay beinç allowed to get hard upon them, I succeeded in clearing it away, ao os to bring to light from tho confused mass several ¿ones of an ox, especially the end of one of the arm bones, portions of three vertebra?, and of several Of the shank bones. None of the smaller bones of the ¿kelcton were found, the larger'ones alone having withsteod the process oí decay. There cannot be a 4oubt that these are the bones of one of the three linds of oxen which formerly inhabited these islands, "tod which aTe found now only in a fossil state ; but to .hick of the three it belonged it is very difficult to My, unless a head and horns shottld be discovered. Ike three kinds of fossil oxen, as described by Profes- sor Owen in his "British Fossil Mammals," are Sos Longifront (orthelong-forehoaded), Bos Primogenius 6t the aboriginal), and Bison Prtscus (the Auroch). f these the first was comparatively a small animal ; the second was a gigantic beast, herds of which were found by the Romans wild in the vost forests «f Europe, and which Ctesar has described in the following words :-" There is a third, kind, Which are called Uri. These arc little inferior to elephants in ¡stature, and arc like bulls in colour, appearance, and shape. They have immense power «nd great swiftness, and spare neither man or beast. Tho size, form, and bend of the horns difTer much from that of our oxen." Fossil bones of these have leen found near Athol, in Perthshire, and in a tumu- lus of the Wiltshire downs ; and Mr. "Woods con iecturcs that the conflicts of tho first settlers with the Jri might have given rise to the traditionary legends Cf the great dun cow of Guy, Earl of Warwick. Neither of the former kinds having living representa- tivos ; but the Auroch is still alivo in Russia. Their fossil bones are found pretty abundantly in many parts of England, in newer tertiary fresh water de- posits, especially in Kent and Essex, at Brentford, Kew, Kensington, and along the valley of the Thornes.» The Burnham bones probably belonu toan Auroch. The question will perhaps arise as to how the bones got into their present position ; and the phenomena which take place every day around us will for thomost part give a key to the" interpretation of the circum- stances under which fossil bones aro found. The oxen to which these bones belong may possibly have been floated down by the stream as dead carcases, and deposited in the muddy creek or ann of the river now found as the brick-earth pit. We need only look at the muddy banks of the river Thames, between Westminster and London bridges, to understand this ; we shall see the bodies of dogs, pigs, cats, &c;, in a semi-putrid state, half embedded m the deposit. Ima- gine these covered with mud, and the water entirely to recede ', in process of time the bones of these dogs ftnd cats would be found in a somewhat similar condi- tion to tha't of Auroch bones-scattered, dis- jointed, and} in a semi-fos9il state. Again, the herd of ancient Aurochs, or, what is also possible, a sick animal may have come down to drink, and the mud gaie way under their feet, and they sank ; just as I myself sank up to the middle not many days ago in a mud- bank which looked hard and firm ground, and if help had not been at hand I might have perished in the mud, and my bones in after ages been found and paraded as evidence of human inhabitants having lived in the neighbourhood of that pond ; the metal parts of my âbhing-rod and tho fishing hooks (converted into rust) would hnve told the discoverer for what reason I had come to the pond. ' ' Upon a second examination of the spot, I am more inclined to think that the bones were washed theio by ;some flood, which probably drowned several animals, and this because the fconcs are pretty numerous, and because the clay earth in which the bones are found contains stones and round pebbles of the size of a nut, indicating that a considerable force of water swept both the hones and the stones to tho place where they wero found. The upper strata do not contain stones of similar magnitude. In cither case, whether the Anroch died cntrnpped in the mud, or was floated there, natural decay would cause the bones to become ' separated one from the other, or else only to be par- tially held together by the ligaments, and this is just the "condition in which we find them. The flesh would, in course of time, have fallen off, loaring the bones exposed to the action of the water, and the bones would absorb any mineral ingredient from it. In the Burnham clay pi'/there is much iron, and we find the bones accordingly highly impregnated with this sub- stance-so much so, that they much resemble a very old and rusty bit of iron, exceedingly fragile and crumbling. As i£-the case with most fossil bones, the animal or gelatinous portion is washed out, leaving the mineral portion which gives shape to the bone alone remaining. I therefore (having learnt the lesson long ago at Professor Owen's lectures), soaked the bones in a solution of glue. It was curious to observe how hungrily the bones absorbed this glue, which event- ually restored to them much of their original firm. ness. But although we can never see again either the Bos Ltnyifrons, or the Bos Primogenitis, M-emay, if ever in .Russia, behold herds of the Bison Priscus, or Auroch, called in Russia Zubr. The extensive forests of this vast country afford a dwelling-place for these remark- able cieatures, and they are under the protection of «net and special imperial laws formed for tueir preservation. A few years ago there were a pair ol them alive in the Regent's-park zoological Gardens, sent over as a present by the emperor of Russia. An order was transmitted by the emperor to M. Deinetri de Dolmatoff, Master of the imperial Forests of Grodno ,to take some living spcoi. mens oi the Auroch, and he proceeded to obey the imperial orders with all the care the importance of the »Bair required. The primieval forest of Italowie» is . fcsjpinw. ".PritHaMMUB-l»," tho last resort of these ancient sylvan' monarchs, whither he repaired onhis mission. I have the oppor- tunity of giving the interesting account (translated from the French), by M. Dalmatoff, of his proceedings, which were as follows :-" Three hundred trackers and eighty huntsmen, armed with guns charged only with powder, wore assembled at daybreak on the 20th July, 1846, to follow up the track of a troop of Aurochs discovered' during the night. Tho day was superb, the sky serene; there was not a breath of wind, and nothing interrupted the tranquillity of nature, so imposing under the mnjestic dome of this primitive forest. The three hundred trnckeis, followed by the hunters, had in profound silence hemmed in the soli- tary valley where the troop of Aurochs were found. M. Demetrede Dolmaroff, accompanied by three of the most determined and skilful huntsmen, penetrated to the centre of the ring, holding their breath as it were, and advancing with the greatest precaution. Having arrived at the frontier which bordered tho vallev, a most interesting picture presented itself bo fore them. The troop of Aurochs were lying rumi- nating on the declivity of a hill in the most perfect security, whilst their calves frolicked around, amusing themselves with attacking each other, stamping the ground with their nimble feet, and throwing up clouds of dust ; tlien running to their respective mothers, rubbing themselves against them, licking them, and then returning to their gambols. But at the first sound of the horn the scene changed in the twinkling of an eye -, the herd, as if touched by a magic wand, sprang to their feet, and seemed to concentrate all their facul- ties in the two senses of sight and hearing, the young ones timidly pressed to their mother's sides. When the cry of the - hounds sounded, the Aurochs hastily placed themselves in battle array ; putting the calves in front, the bulls formed a rear guard to protect them from tho dogs, and then rushed forward. Having reached the boundary occupied by the huntsmen, they were received with shrill cries and the firing of guns. They then changed the order of defence ; the old Aurochs rushed furiously to the sides,breaking through the line, and triumphantly galloping along, not deign- ing even to notice their enemies, who concealed themselves behind the enormous trees. However, the huntsmen Und succeeded in scpnriting two young Aurochs from the herd ; one, three months old, was taken at once, the other, fifteen months, though seized by eight huntsmen, upset them all, and escaped ; the hounds pursued him into a morass, where hc.was taken and bound, and then conveyed to the ranger's yard. Four young Aurochs, only a few days old, were tnken in other parts of the forest ; one of tho females was suckled at first by a cow the same colour as the Auroch, and to the surprise of everybody the cow showed a tender attachment to her savage adopted child ; unfortunately this young animal died six days afterwards, suffocated by a tumour in the throat. The other animals took no food the first day of their captivity, but after that all except the oldest, took milk from the hand of a man, and afterwards drank from a trough with avidity. They soon lost their savage look and becamo moro lively. When they went from their stable into tho_ farmyard, the quickness of their movements, . their agility, like that of the stag, was surprising to witness, 'lhey showed attachment to the keeper who fed them, obeying his voice when he called them. Whenever they were taken out of the stable they became excited, fiercely tossing their heads, snorting, and playing. Some young Aurochs, caught on another occasion, suffered from diarrhfea ; but this was pro- bably caused by the milk, which was brought from a distance, having become sour. The food afterwards consisted of corn mixed with chopped straw, grass, the bark and leaves of the ash, elm, aspen, and other young trees. Hunger and thirst made them grunt some- thing like a pig. Food in sufficient quantity, and varied, with shelter from the cold in winter and from ¡ insects in summer, produced a rcmarkahle improve mbnt in the growth of these animals ; so much so, that a young female, caught to occupy the place ot one which had died, was found to be almost half as small as one of the Bame age taken the previous year. As we leam from history that Aurochs of an imniense size had been killed formerly, and that in their wild state they differ considerably in height, it will be interesting to know to what size the Auroch would attain under the most favourable circumstances." One pair of tamed Aurochs were destined for London, another for St. Pctersburgh, and the third to remain in their native country. The two animals sent to St. Pctersburgh were conveyed in an oblong cage lined with straw, divided into two compartments, so that the Aurochs could lie down without turning round. This new prison, and the jolting of the cart, produced a disagreeable impression upon the animals, for,_ though quiet, they refused to take food or to sleep during the first day, but the second they resumed their accustomed habits. The journey lasted three days. The pair sent to London performed the passage in a more spacious and open cage. The male was very restless during the whole voynge, continually knock- ing himself, and bellowing like a bull. Ho wounded his eye in attempting to jump over the door of the C3ge. At Grodow the Aurochs are placed in a spacious stable, and eaoh pair is separated from the other. At first when they attempted to place them in the same stable they fought so furiously that they demolished the salid partition which separated them. They began by attacking each other, and then (which is a singular fact) the three male Aurochs will fall upon the only female which happened to be near, and would certainly have killed her if the keepers had not interfered. Subsequently they became accustomed to each other, and the fighting ceased. The Aurochs sent to tho Zoological Gardens lived for sometime, but they eventually died from inflammation of the lungs (I believe). The skin of a stuffed Auroch is now in the British Museum. His rough and shaggy hair tells us why he is called " Bison." His bones, , exhumed after the lapse of so many ajjes, tells us why I he is entitled to he called Priscus, or " the ancient." 