ROBERT WILLIAM, . By the Grace of God, and Favour op the Apostolic See, Bishop of Hobart Town, Assistant Bishop at the Pontifical Throne. ' Have mercy on me, O God, according to thy -' great mercy. ' And according- to the multitude of thy tenier . mercies, blot out mine iniquity.' — (Psalm 50J) ' ? To the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diacesirof Hobnrt Town, Greeting in our Lord. Beloved of our Loud, — No words can ex. press more^ correctly the sentiments we ought to bo ????-? ,..'???? ..wjj.ai.u xiLM, u« iuu uuiiiiiiuuuL'uitMH oi me sacrec* . ? season of Lent, than those of King David, when, by God's mercy, he saw the lamentable condition of his soul, covered with the leprosy of sin. Over whelmed witli fear for having sinned against the commandments of God, he tells us that ho 'ate ashes like bread, and mingled his drink with weep ing ; and that his knees became weakened through fasting.1' Beloved of our Lord, the judgments of God are the same to-day, as when the penitent David cried out for mercy with fear and trembling., The lossof Heaven is as great a loss now, as then : — and the paitiB of Hell as severe and terrible. And shall ws bo sensible of these appalling facts, and still remain unmindful of our condition? Shall we continue on in Our course heedless of Death, of Judgment, of Heaven, of Hell, and Eternity? O God 1 the searcher of bur hearts and reins — thou who created us only to love and serve Thee, penetrate our souls with holy fear — overwhelm its with becoming sbanio for having ao long defied Thee, and set at naught thy judgments ! Give us thy divine light and grace to see the lamentable condition of our immortal souls, aud cause each one to exclaim with heartfelt sorrow— ' Have mercy on vie, O God, according to thy great mercy, ' ? ' Aud according to the multitude of thy tender mercies, hlot out mine iniquities.' Beloved of our Lord, we are distinctly told in Holy scripture, that ' nothing defiled can enter the kingdom of Heaven.' And who amongst us would be ut this moment prepared, if an Angel were sent from -God to summon us before his dread tribunal ? Would one-half of us be prepared 1 Would one in »w« ua in a lining suite to siiiuu uciore me [urone oi our Eternal Judge ? Nay, would there be oven ten just among us? And still we go heedlessly on, as if our salvation was secure ! Tho Apostle St. Paul tells us, when judging his own heart, that he was 'not conscious of anylhiny, yet (says he) am I not hereby justified ; but'heth'atjudgeth me is the Lord.' (1 Cor. iv.) And we are told distinctly in the Book of Ecclesiastes (ix. 1)— ' There are just men and wise men, and their works are in the hand of God : and yet. man hwweth not whether he lie worthy of love or hatred.' Where, then, can be our security? Are we not fatally deceiving ourselves ? Oh ! that men would think ! The Prophet of old exclaimed — ' With desolation is all the land made desolate : because there is none that consiilereth in tht heart.' (Jer. xii. 11.) Beloved of our Lord : Take away from amongst us, all who love not God ' with all their hoart, nii'd soul, and mind, and strength' — all who 'take the name of God in vain' — all who curse, and swear, and blaspheme— all who ' keep not holy the Sab bath-day' — all who honour not father mid mother, who disobev their lawful comniiiiifls. hr'wltnfnfl tn -:: comfort and support them in sickness, old nge, or '''*? infirmity — take away all who ill-treat husband, or wife, or children, or any fellow-being — take away all who have committed adultery, or any other act, which; an Apostle s.iys, ought not so much as to be. named amongst yon — take away all who have stolen, or defrauded others hi buying and- selling, and ne glected to restore,' or make restitution — takeaway the liar, the detractor, aud tlie calumniator — take away those who have borne false witness against a neighbour, either in or out of a court of justice take away those who, with babbling tongues, sow discord and enmity between others— takeaway those who have coveted the wife or husband of another— take away all drunkards, whether they openly scan dalise others, or indulge this vice in private— take away the proud and arrogant, the self-righteous aud self-exalted, who, with tho spirit of the Phari see,' judge and condemn, without scruple, their fellpw-men — take away the revengeful, and unfor giving: — yes, take away these, aud where' shall wo ?find the jiist ? Alas! may we not well exclaim with King David— ' If thou, O Lord, wilt mark iniquities, Lord, who shall stand it !' (Ps. exxix. ? Oh! beloved of our Lbrd,-be not deceived! Let not Satanand the world beguile you. Death will come — the judgment of God will come — eternity of woo will come to all who are unprepared. Anil shall we hear these things, aud not stand alarmed ? Shall the sorrows of death, that will soon surround us, h&ve; no terrors? Can wo look at the coffin; and the shroud, and the grave, -without shuddering f Can we call to mind that the moment we pass out of this world, we shall pass from time to eternity'; and if, when weighed in the balance of divine jy.licb we be found wanting, into that prison ' where there is (says our Blessed Lord) ' weeping and gnashing of teeth,' and from which there is ' no redemption'' Reflections such as these will tend, by'-' God's grace, to convince us of this most terrible of nil truths, that ' many are called, but few are chosen.' (St. Matt. xx. 18 ) Before leaving this painful subject concerning those who must be excluded from tho kingdom of God, if they die unprepared and unrepenting' — and 'as a man lives, so shall he dic'—l feel compelled to direct your attention especially to one vice, tho parent almost of all other crimes, bucIi as murder, adultery, theft, calumny, desecration of the Lord's day, poverty and hunger of children and families, ruin of' others, scandals, blasphemies, perjuries, prostitutions oven, of their chjldren — delirium tremoim — often perpetual iusanity — nervous trembling — drivelling nnd prema ture old age — sudden death by fire, wnter, und va rious other ways — chains, and prisons — degrading punishments, even a malefactor's death— 1 mean the debusing and hiduous sin of drunkenness. Alas ! shame and every becoming sense of decency soon forsake tho man or woman who indulges in thissoul and-body. destroying vice. Indulging, first, thin pernicious habit in private, it soon becomes funned ; and from little to more, vice, almost imperceptibly, seizes hold of its victim, and all the evils now re ferred to, and maiiy more, frequently drag it along to misery and destruction. ? ? ' ?' Who amongst us but must stand nppirilorl at tV.6 crimes that have of late been perpetrated in thia colony in consequence of drink I Who can contem plate the number of deaths by accident nnd others wise, caused solely hy drink, and not shudder? All who have f illen, cither by the hand of tho murderer, or by nccid.'ut, through intoxication, wore fellow v^uiiauuiis, ui-iwiii^ iiiu intn^e ui viuu in uiuii auuin, and re-iecmicd with the precious blond of Jesus : and alas ! th?y have appeared before Him ' who is our witness and our judge.' And shall these faots mako no impression on us? Shall we not rtlbot that the same evil spirit that tumpted .imlovernamc them, will tempt others also? and that, in all human probability, ninny more will fall victims. Shall we ha like men mcnliutit'd in Holy Scripture, who have a eyes', and see-not ; ears, ami hear not 1' And who shall sny that lie ia proof agniiiat tho power of l)ie devil, nnd Ihitl strong drink ahull not prove to be ltu downt'.il, his disgrace, hid misery, auil hill death ( \Vh'- shall sny thnt the asylum of the insnno shall not be his abode for life, wholiave abused and destroyed the faculties of the mind f To such a« one^that Is, the drunkard) ?-'?%?';???*?'???'.-??-;??'? ?'. ? ?- '?' ati'.'nsylum becomes a prison of disgrace, in punish ment for hio abuse of God's poorness, To the in firm of mind, those who are deprived of its streiigtV by the dispensation of the Almighty, it becomes oti ahode for' their protection, thehosp'tal fir their cure, or the Tetreat where they may be watered over, if well-conducted, with assiduity and care. If any one who hears or reads this address has n desire or craving for strong drink, let me conjure .him, in all tenderness, and earnestness, and affection, to reflect before God on what has hern said, and on the danger he or (she runs by yielding to such desire. I especially conjuie young men, and young women who are not corrupted by this degrading propensity, to ponder well over its appalling effects. Alas ! the moment the taste of ardent spirits gratifies the .-palate, and exhilirates the mind with its deceptive pleasurable sensations — that moment Satan a'ms a deadly blow at. the soul, which if not parried off with firmness and prudence, will prove to be fatal indeed. The only security, then, is, bv God's grace, to avoid it altogether: for says Holy Writ, ' he who loves the danger shall perish in it.' The sacrifice, then, to a sensible man or:wpman, will be mere1 trifling— the regard, a life of.comfort, and, it may be, prosperity, and a promise hereafter of God's mercy. Beloved of onr Lord, avoid the company of any ?one who drinks, or would allure vou to dtink. even . In private. Avoid, as .mngij as you would an angpl of Satan, whocve^woild allure yoirtq those public . sinks, of iniquity -where drunkenness abounds — places into which the thoughtless, often fathers nnd ' mothers, are olhired, and (with shame. bo it said) \- permitted to sit until the last faTtliing is spent, and, ??.'?'. it may be, when children aie crying for bread! ' ? ''What Christian can reflect on these things without blushing. The w'ell' conducted house of the licensed vie tualler, where the traveller may find all that his ' wants require, or the neighbour procure, in his pri vate dwelling, what is necessary for his daily use, or ' where accommodation is provided for all rational and legitimate purposes, is most valuable to society, and deserves all favour and credits but houses where the reckless and depraved can openly congregate, where drunkards can sit from morning until niglit, ' are a curse to a land, and a disgrace to a Christian ' community, and should be shunned as houses of ? lenrous defilement. How can it be exnected that pod will Hess the profits of such a degrading trade! There is another evil, of a most haneful nature, , -that T wish to mark in the strongest terms — I mean that of sendine children at any time to public-houses ? to procure ardent spirits, or rather strong diink, for parents or friends, but more especially on the Sunday. This is an evil of a most deplorable nature. The sale of spirits and malt liquors being prohibited '?'? . . by-law on Sundays, a custom is most prevalent in town, and, it ih to be feared, in villages also, lor . children to be sent to public honses to obtain it clandestinely, by eluding the vigilance of the police, flee. ; and ihus they are, in infancy as it were, initiated in a system of cunning and deception that . must lead to calamitous consequences. Nor is this system of deception all. It is not too much to sup . pose, that they nfay he induced, by the usualinnate curiosity of children, to carry- this deception a little further, andby stealth taste the tempting, but per nicious spirit. Alas! from the corruption of our nature, and the malice of him who tempted Eve in the garden of Paradise, we have too much reason to fear that this, in very many cases, will be the effect. It is also said, that as a reward for succeeding in ob ? taining this noxious liquor, children are sometimes allowed to partake of it with their parents and friends ; and thus, the child, first by cunning and deceit, and then by exposure to temptation, evil example, and sanction of parents, becomes in his earliest years a vielim of this vice, that will entail upon it, and most likely many more, misery, degra . dation, poverty, and wretchedness. Alas! what will secular education — that is, mere reading, writing, &c.; &c.; — alone do to check such a sj^tem as this 1 It would bo as reasonable to suppose a. plaster of cerate, would eradicate and cure a deep- seated cancer ! Beloved of our Lord : these brief reflections will, I. trust, by God's grace, convince you of the ncces sitv of considering in voiir heaTts whilst vou have time. The sacred season of Lent, upon which we are about to enter, is designed, by the Church, es pecially for this all important purpose. ' Now is the acceptable time, now is the day of salvation.' (2 Cor.vi.) 'Prayer, fasting, and almsdoeds, are en-; joined us at this time. These are the weapons we must now employ to overcome onr deadly enemy. That the fast of Lent is of Apostolic origin, few will have the temerity to deny. And let me warn you, it is not a mete matter of choice whether we fast or not. The law of the Church is binding on all her children. ' Jf he will not hear the Church, let ? .him he tothec as the heathen and the publican.'' (St. Matt.xviii. 17.) . Alasi wo know too well there are those who enll Hjiemselves members of the Catholic Church, who .?will, perhaps, by words, defend its tenets, but who, regardless of its commands, when self-gratification . allures, set at naught its injunctions, and openly, /before members of other creeds, and even habitually before their own families, violate its fasts and ab stinence, and thus scandalise those they are most bound to edify: forgetting, if not despising, the malediction of our Lord, on those who give scandal to His ' liltJfi. nn/».«.' To such, the words of St. Paul to the Philippians are mo«t. applicable, — .' Many walk, of whom I have told you often, (and now . tell you weeping) that they are enemies of the crots of Christ ; ' Whose end is destruction: whose God id their .belly: and whose glory is in their shame.' (iii. 17, 18.) The injury such nominal Catholics inflict on Te Ugion, is incalculable. But our Lord says — ' Wo to the world because of scandals. 'For it must needs be that scandals come ; but nevertheless wo to that man by wliom scandal cometh,' (St. Matt, xviii. 7.) it»t»y i,iii.ac iiutua uc ?» iiuiciv tYitiinii^ iu ail} iviiU| either from weakness of mind in yielding to the ignorant prejudices of others, or corruption of heart —'whose god is their belly'1 — refuse to submit to the voice of the Church 1 If the Gospel be true, .then fasting is necessary for the salvation of all, whoever they may be, whose age, health, and cir cumstances allow ic. Mow any Christian, whatever may be his creed, who takes the Bible for his guide in belief and practice, can' neglect this clearly- defined doctrine — and moreover, sometimes, alas ! ridicule and gibe those who follow it, — has ever appeared to be a circumstance fraught with inconsistency, and even worse. But we are told, that ' the unlearned and unstable wrest the Scriptures to their own destruc tion.' (2 Peter iii. 10.) ] . But that memberi of a Church who claim for it divine authority, should totally disregard the com mands which appear in the Book of Common -rriiyer, ui Krepiug me iasi oi iony uays oi i^eui, 'r--ftc;,~8so;, &o;,y and all Fridays of the year, except Chrislmns-day,' is still more strange.. And when ' the members of . that Church object to its observance, by their servants and depend ents, (alas ! how many cases of this occur !) -and sometimes, not content with that, reproach them for this act of rtligion; there appears to be not only great inconsistency, but a combined system of folly, and petty tyranny, that is painful to contemplate. Beloved of our Lord, you whose occupations are in the houses of those of other sreeds, obey your employers with cheerfulness, punctuality, and fidelity, in all their lawful and reasonable com mands. Be humble, faithful, trustworthy, docile, nnd obedient. It is your boundea duty before God to be so. ' Not serving to the eye, (says St. Paul) asit were pleasing men, but as' the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart.' (Eplt. vi. G.) But whilst you yield nil this, cheerfully and wil lingly, remember your duty to God and jour own souls. Be punctual in your morning and evening prayer — many times in the day call to mind that you aro in the presence of God who is ' our witness and our judge,' who knows tho most hidden secrets of our hearts. Implore of him to watch over and keep you from evil. . Should you bo invited to join in . family worship ? with thoso of different creeds, meekly, but firmly decline. No sonRible person, with a just and rea sonable mind, will reproach you for that i but if ?such Bhould, unfortunately, be the case, be stead fast, be ? respectful, but come what will, .decline. ? Violate not conscience, and your reward will be great from your Heavenly Father. In conclusion, beloved of our Lord, remember ?the ' one thing necessary' is the salratioh* of yuur jmnioital souls. ' Striva then to enter into the nar row gate' — but bo mindful, that he only who walks in the' na^ow road,' can onter in 'at the narrow gate.' Wmu at tho foot of Uio Croii for all past folliea — —?— ^— i— ^?^™~* — ~ and sins. 'Draw waters of joy out of the Saviour's fountains.' (Isaiasxii. 3.) Resolve to break asunder thecha'ns of Satan and the world, that have hither to held you captive. Look up to;Jesus your Sa viour and Redeemer, who now sits at the right hand of his eternal Father making intercession for vou. Dcserch of Him to send down the Holy Spirit into your hearts — pray earnestly ; fast with all. cheerfulness to the best of your power (' and when you fast, be not as the hypocrites sad,' St. Matt, vi. 1(5);— he liberal in almsgiving to the poor, — assist according to your means in the support of religion and morality in this new land, — cry out from your hearts, ' Have mercy on mt, v uoa. ac cording to thy great mercy ; and according to the multitude of thy tender mercies, blot out mine iniquity. ' 'Spare, 0 Lord, spare thy people, and give not thy inheritance to' reproach.' (Joel ii.) :— and you may rest assured, that He who created and redeemed you, will hear your prayer, and grant your humble petition. ; ' The grace of our Lord .Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the commtmication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. (2 Cor. xiii. 13.) , \+ ROBERT 'WILLIAM, Bishop of Hobart Town. Bishop's House, Hobart Town ; Sexagesima Sunday, MDCCCLIX. 