THE WANDERING MANIAC. (DROMI A WORKING MAN B UNPUB LISBED JOURNAL.) [ Writtenfor the Launcealon Examiner.] In the ydar 18- I was living at B----, a small village in the West riding of Yorkshire. I had re moved thither and rented a small room to live in, leaving my parents at T--, on account of being' nearer the thick coal seams of B---- and D -, those being more favorable to :the proper development of my limbs than the thin seams of T- , I was re turning home late one night fiom the Mechanics'.Institute of a neigh boring village, where I had been spendagan hour with a few.cl'oice friends.. It was one of those cloudless, breathless, slightly frosty, moonlight nights which are some times seen in the antumn months, when the grain. has been housed, and the fields look yellow and brown, and the leaves are dying on the trees-nights that remind one strongly of the death scene of a devoutly good man. He takes a retrospective view of his past life, and he finds thatin the spring time he "cast his bread upon the waters;" in the summer he " delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him, and the blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon him, and he made the widow's heart to dance for joy;" and now in the autumn of life, hav ing worked'while it has been day, 1 and the night draweth nigh, and his labor closeth, he feels that he is fully ripe and ready to be gathered and garnered in God's own store house. I was then young-l-believe in my twentieth year, and full of vigorous life and noble aspirations. Our chief topic of conversation had been the numerous instances of men moving in a humble sphere of life bursting the fetters of poverty, and making use of difficulties as stepping stones to ascend to an eminence of greatness and useful ness, much emulated by many who asre reared in easier circumnstances. My path lay through a wood; and being in high spirits from our pre vious conversation, and having a' predilection for moonlight nights,' solitude, and woodland scenery, I stopped to enjoy my own sweet thoughts, and gaze on the scenery around me. By stepping a little out of my path I descended into a ravine. At my feet a clear stream ran rippling over its rugged bed, as if talking to itself in that solitude; and through the chequered leaves of the trees around me I could see the vast dome of nature lit up by the brilliant moon and studded with glittering stars. How beauti ful is this earth and the surrounding universe when looked at through the eyes of youth and innocence ! Catching the aspiration as embodied by Longfellow, I repeated aloud his " Excelsior." The, distant hills caught up my words, and Echo re peated them, as though friendly spirits hovered in the distance, and were wishful to form a telegraphic communication with the highest mountain peak to inform the spirits that dwell there that a humble spirit beneath had commenced its struggles upward. Had I been in some spacious hall, man-built, and thousands listening and applauding, I could not have felt happier than I did alone in that woodland soli tude. When I had repeated the last two lines "But from thesky serene and far A voice fell'like a falling star," a loud and shrill "lha I ha I ha l" echoed among the hills. I wvs startled at first, then thought others might be abroad and were mopkiug me. The " ha, ha, ha !" was again repeated, and again the hills capg'itil the sound, and answered " ha, ha; ha !" This time I was convinced it was no intended mockerey, the tones were so woe-be-gone and pathetic. They sounded right over my head, and were so strange and unlike anything earthly that a slight tremour seized me. Having been taught in childhood to believe in such things as ghosts and wander ing spirits, I could never divest myself entirely of a strange feeling when anything unexpectedly startled me. I mentally asked if this could be some lost spirit " Doomed for a certain term to walk the night." I could not tell. The sounds, how over, contiuued to be repeated and re-repeated. As the worst certainty is far nmore bearable than intense suspense, I resolved to seek out the cause of those strange sounds. I did so, however, with a I flttering step and a palpitating ' heart. Ascending a slight eminence 1 I emerged from the wood, and, I leaving it on my right, I crossed an open field and reached the high- I way. On clearing the fence which separated the former fronm the latter 1 I espied a dark object in the dis- E tince. It moved, and Ilha, ha, I ha I" again pierced through the air like a spirit's wail, and sent a thrill I through my soul. Approaching t nearer, I saw the dark object was a woman. She seemed aged and I bowed down with sorrow. She was E meanly clad. She had a small bundle on her back, and over it a much-worn shawl.the ends ofwhich were brought over her shoulders, crossed on her breast, and tied round her waist. This I gave her a hump back E appearance. Her bonnet was one of those worn in olden times, when I maidens shaded their charms from t the stare of the vulgar, as the lover of a quiet neat home surrounds him self with a verandah. She had as short stick in her right hand, with which she seemed to be performing certain mystic incantations. My thoughts now began to wander from wandering spirits to other beings. Was all my Mechanics' Institute philosophy to be shattered to atoms by .one blow from a bona-fide witch? Could that being before me be oneof those strange and mysterious characters? Is that t stick she holds in her hand a broom-stick astride of which she has ridden through the air, and alighted where I now behold her ? I recollected how suddenly her 1 first tones fell upon my earl, and I how they sounded right over my head. • Attempting to banish these thoughts as childish, I walked up to her, held out my hand and saluted her. Without speaking a word she let fall her stick, took my proffered hand, and commenced a peculiar operation which made the blood I curdle in my veins. Holding my hand in her left hand she slow ly unbuttoned my shirt wrist- band. with the other, my coat offering no obstruc tion, it being a fashionably wide one'. She then grasped my wrist tight by opposing lier fourth finger to her thumb, slowly pushed for ward her first, second, and third fingers, which were clawed, bony, and cold, causing them to tickle the flesh, and produced a peculiarly i unpleasant sensation; then striking 4 her nails (or rather claws), into the i flesh, she slowly brought up her thumb and fourth finger on each i side of my arm. She repeated this 1 operation until she reached the bend of my arm, where further progress was obstructed. My philosophy had left me-surrounding objects began to revolve; and I felt like one in the act of being mesmerised, 1 when the truth flashed across my mind ' " Her mind Had wandered from its edilling, and her eyes, They had not their own lustre, but the look WVhich is not of the earth h she was become The queen of a fantastic realm ; her thoughts Were combinations of disjointed things ; And forms, impalpable and unperceived Of others' sight, familiar were to her." She was a maniac! I now spoke words of sympathy to her; asked her to go home with me, partake of a warm supper, and sleep on a warm hearth; but pointing towards the moon, and touching her fore head, she said-" We are old ac quaintances; yes, yes; the moon and I are old acquaintances"; there by intimating, as I understood, that she was accustomed to night wan derings, to cold suppers, and to cold and lonely couches. \- "Who, and what are you," she asked, gazing earnestly in my face, which was now turned towards the moon. "I am a poor collier lad," I re plied, "who has to earn his bread deep down in the bowels of the earth; but I have a grain of sym pathy in my heart, a crust of bread mn my cupboard, and a place on my hearth for a poor wretched wan derer like yourself." "A colher lad I a collier lad I" she kept repeating like one who half recollects some circumstance that transpired in by-gone days, and would fain recall it, but cannot. " A collier lad ! Ali, all; a collier Ilad !" "See ! see I see 1" she suddenly exclaimed, pointing to a short dig tance, " there is my lad : he whom I suckled at this breast-whom I fed with this hand-whom I dandled on this knee I there he is grinning and spittingfire at me I Hah, hah, hale !-hah, hah, hall I Grin on I b spit on I for see my child, my dar- i ling Rosalie, comes dressed in white, u with smiling face and bleeding h head, and she will protect mel b Hah, hah, hall I-hah, hah, hah I" a After several attempts to pacify 0 her and induce her to accept of h shelter for one night, which all fi proved fruitless, I turned my face I homewards with a sad heart. I a had not walked many paces before te the maniac ceased her ravings, and p all was again hushed as death. Many were the thoughts and p strange the emotions that were a conjured up by this scene, and I a could net help picturing in fancy s the maniac's preceding history, c and thus try to find a primary c cause, and a series of sequences, a which would lead to the final sequence, the poor woman's present state. I lost myself in a reverie, nor was I conscious of my where abouts till a soft voice pronounced my name, which called back my wandering thoughts. I found my self standing opposite a toll- keeper's y house, and the voice proceeded t1 from within. Is was a young r woman's, a late-formed acquaint ance, who, returning home from a visit to a friend's, had met with the maniac, and was so frightened that g she durst not proceed. I proffered to accompany her, and, she taking t my arm, we proceeded together I, silently and with "bated breath" I till we had passed the maniac, 4 who was now fast asleep, leaning against the wall. with her arms 2 folded. . We travelled a short distance - back on the road In had just come, then branched off into a by-road which led up to a farm-house, her home. It was when we had proceeded about half I way from, the main-road to her home, and her excitement had abated a little, that she gave me information which excited my curiosity and subsequently enabled me to unravel the clue of the maniac's "strange eventful his tory." She told me that this was the maniac's ninth annual visit to that neighborhood ; that though her t visits were common and expected I she felt great nervous excitement when alone near her in the night time; that she generally came in f autumn, stayed about the farm a few days, slept in the barn or. cart- t shed, refused everything b'ut bread and water, and. a few coarse clothing, and left as she came; that t she had luminous moments at c times, when she could relate sketches of her former life, and these moments had been improved by her (my informant) brother, r who had now, she believed, a correct history of her domestic afflictions; and, if I would spend a e few hours at her home with her a brother and the maniac I should probably have an opportunity of hearing her speak when "in her right mind," and of comparing her t present account with the account I already collected from her on pre- F vious occasions. On nearing my companion's home, a couple of large dogs com menced barking, but her voice soon quelled the tumult; and instead of tearing me to pieces 1 as they threatened to do, they came and crouched at my feet, and licked my hand, and made all sorts of apologies for their rude reception of me. As it was late, I merely waited till she had explained the cause of her lateness home and I had received the thanks of her mother and brothers, then turned my steps homeward again. I met the maniac, who had awoke after we passed lier, with stick in hand, trudging as stoutly as any accom plished male pedestrian up the by road, apparently intent upon reach ing her annual lodging-house, the barn or shed, before she again rested. I bade her good night, and she replied, " Hah, bah, hah I" and went on her way. The following evening was equally bright and cloudless, and the sun had just set when I made my way again to the farm house. The servant man had finished milk ing the cows, and had turned them out to let them drink at their leisure. A stone trough was fixed in one corner of the yard and sup plied with water from a well by an old leaden pump. The maniac was sitting on a stone beside this old pump rocking herself backwards and forwards, and humming a tune in a peculiar sing-song tone. My fair companion of the precedinmg night, seeing me approach, laid aside her sewing and came out into the yard. She said her brother would soon be disengaged, when he and her mother would join us. As we stood conversing in hushed tones, I remarked that the brute creation seemed conscious of, and sympathised with, the sufferings of the poor woman refore us. The huge dogs went and crouched at her feet,. looked up in her face, and whined. Two half-wild cats, known as barn cats, and which never en tered the house, nor would let the person that fed them approach to stroke them, cocked their tails, and purring loudly, rubbed their sides against her soiled dress as familiarly as the veriest pet of some " ancient spinster;" and tears seemed to chase each other down the cows' cheeks as they stood ruminating and gazing at her. ( To be continued.) 