:: SERMON OF ARCHBISHOP HUGHES ON CATHOLIC EDUCATION. EDUCATION OP THE SANCTUARY, Of Til E HOME, AND OF THE SCHOOL — THE SCHOOL QUSETION IN, NEW YORK — THE AMERICAN COLLEGE AT ROME. On Sunday last the colleotinns in nil the churches were for the American Collpge nt Rome. At St. Patrick's Cathedral Archbishop Hughes occupied the pulpit, though, we regret to say, Btill labouring under the effects of n severe cold on the chest, which rendered speaking some what difficult. The Archbishop, in the course of his sermon, took orrasion hripflv to rlpfinp' tlia well known position of Catholics towards the State schools in this city. The Archbishop then commenced by saying: It was announced last Sunday, my beloved brethren, that the offerings for to-day would be sacred to the purpose of establishing an Ameri can College in the eternal city of Rome. It would be impossible for me to be indifferent to -uch a glorious enterprise, but indisposition, which has so affected my throat and my voice, rendered it doubtful whether I could speak on the subject to-day. I therefore have drawn up in writing such observations as I deemed it pooper to make, in reference to the matter, and I will read them as well as I can, considering my in . ability to 'make too much exertion. The obser vations to which I refer are founded on the 15th and 16th verses of the last chapter of St. Matthew, in which our Saviour says : ' And Jesus'coming spoke to them, saying : All power is ffivftn to me in heaven and in earth. Go ve therefore and teach nil nations; baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' The authority of the Church as a teacher is derived from Christ as teacher. The commission He gave to His Apostles was that they should ?' teach all nations.' This commission contained within itself an authority as to subordinate teaching, by which the nations of the earth might be lifted from the darkness of paganism and heathenism to the light of civilization. But there is still a third order involved in the commission of Christ, and necessarily to be ad duced from it. It is that teaching the obligation of which is incumbent on Christian parents to wards their offspring. Between this last teach ing arid the first there is an essential connection, and itr may be explained in this way: When the Apostles, in obedience to the command of their master, preached bis doctrine either to the Jews or uemues, tney addressed matured minds ? and- hearers, who judged by their own under standing of the truth of the doctrines proposed. As learners they would be aided by the grace of God, calling them to salvation, and as rational men, of adult age, they would judge of the evidences on which those doctrines were presented, whether by their intrinsic appeal to their reason or by the external evidence of miracles and the power of God, with which, especially in the first ages of the Church, they were accompanied. Thus we behold Christ as a teacher training his Apostles, telling them that he spoke not of him self,., but that whatever things he had heard of the Father those he had made known to them. It was by the influence of his teachings and his miracles that those Apostles and disciples attached themselves to him and became estab lislied in the faith of his doctrines ; and now he sends of the whole number twelve Apostles, to uc tctiuiicio ui buu uuuiaii idle* ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, bap tizing them in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost.' After the descent of the Holy Ghost, these Apostles went forth on their divine mission. They taught the doctrines of Christ not according to scientific rule, but in the way in which the spirit of God directed them to teach. When those who were parents had already heard the word of life and on the strength of tho evidence with which it was presented became disciples of the cross, we know that they immediately became the teachers of their own children, and thus we read in several instances of persons believing together with all their household. The reason for this course is obvious, namely, that the doctrines of Christ, which were true for the parents, who were capable of judging, were equally true fur the children, whose minds were not competent to understand the evidence, but in whom the law of nature and the law of God established the beautiful economy by which the antlini*itir nf nanintii ka/*nrv*no annal tn nil i4amAti^ UMVUV..VJ w. [IU1MIM UlfbUllllig ^UU»1 kU fill itdllUU— stration. Thus the Apostles traversed many lands, propagating everywhere the doctrines of their Divine Master, and everywhere leaving as a result that same order of secondary teaching in families to which I have just referred. Hence the universal practice in the church of God of training up the children of Catholic parents first in the knowledge of their Creator, as the most precious part of education that can be attained on earth. The Church never recognized that dan gerous principle which permits children to grow up unimbued with any principle of doctrine until their minds shall be sufficiently developed to form a judgment for themselves. This might not be inconsistent in those cases in which parents possess a religion by no means certain in their own minds ; for, being themselves uncertain, they could plead that their children grown to maturity might, by one way or another, discover a more fixed and a more consoling belief than their own. But all this is the reverse of the idea of teaching, especially religion, in the Catholic Church. In that Church everything from the beginning has been fixed, determined, consistent one part with anothar, unchangeable and universal. Religion in the Catholic Church is not a speculation— it is permanent, an universal . truth. In itself and in the minds of those to ' whom. God. has given the light and the gift of faith, it is a conviction, and not a speculation. What, therefore, can be more consistent with the institution of- the Church as a teacher than this universal order that has sprung up on the track of her successful missionaries. The official teachers of Christianity and the dispensers of the mysteries of God — those who were commissioned to carry on his own ministry — are necessarily the Apostles and their successors in the apostle Ship and in the priesthood. But at the same time the laity of that church, of every age and condition, as a necessary consequence of their faith under the teaching of the Christian pastors, became themselves teachers in their subordinate state — first towards their children and servants, and those dependent on them ; next, as time went on, age after age, by a zeal for the estab lishment of universities, colleges, schools, and by every best method of impressing upon the mind of youth, both a Christian education and a know ledge of all that pertains to the happiness and dignity of man in the order of human life. Their teaching was not confined to a mere know ledge of the Christian doctrine. The early fathers of the Church made it their study, for the sake of Christ, and in order that they might meet and confound the Pagan philosophers of the age and the country in which they lived, to imbue their minds with the subtlety of the Greek in tellect and the reasoning of the Greek sophists. These were the great fathers of the Church, .whose writings abound in the evidences of every species of knowledge that was attainable in their age ; these are they who illustrate the doctrines of Christianity, who vindicated against heresy and against Pagan philosophy every tenet of our holy faith, so that from their time to the present their writings have furnished a refutation of every species of novelty and of false religion that may have arisen in the proud intellect of erring man. When the Church had waded through the sea of persecution for three hundred years, and it became lawful to profess Christianity, immedi ately the bishops and clergy gathered around them those whom they taught, and by public in struction and by inculcating the obligation on parents and on the laity of teaching those com mitted to their care, especially in. the first ele ments of Christian knowledge, diffused generally throughout the Christian community a love of education and a zeal to promote it. As time went on we behnld them laying the foundations of uni versities and colleges in every country of Europe. The monasteries became great centres of education and of knowledge: their inmates devoted them selves day and night to the preservation of all the fragments of ancient learning- that had sur vived the wreck of the Roman empire. These, as establishments of education, were distinct from the universities, but not less important in their way. The disorganised state of society during what are called ' the Middle Ages' constituted a great obstacle to the holy work of the church, which is best carried on in times of peace and of civil order. Among the chiefs who warred against each other and held society in a constant state of strife, and .frequently of war, education became rather a reproach. These proud and ferocious barons, contending against each other, reverenced the sword and despised the book. Yet during those same ages, behold what the Church has done for education — enumerate the universi ties established in Italy, in Germany, in France, in the Low Countries, in England, and, indeed, in every land in which her influence was not counteracted by the disturbing elements of civil strife. It is said by those who either do not take pains to know, or who have not the candour to acknowledge the ,. truth, that the Church is psspntiullv iniminal tn'pflnnatinn. Tn rp.fiitp. this. however, it will be enough to point to those great seats and centres of learning which the Church, with unceasing zeal and industry continued from age to age to establish and to encourage. Imagine all that she founded'swept from the face of Europe at the present day, and what would remain 1 It is true that some of her most noble universities have passed into the bands of those who refused to acknowledge her authority, and yet the probability is, that if they bad not been found already in existence at the period of what is called the Reformation, tliey would never have had an existence. Let us pass how to the sub ordinate education, which may be called social and domestic. The teaching of the Church, by a necessary consequence of her divine commission, has never ceased to encourage and promote this ; and the reason is, that when parents are them selves established in the Catholic faith, whether they have received it by conversion, or whether it has been transmitted to them from devoted an cestors, they receive and hold it on this condition — that they and their descendants must transmit it to all their posterity. Thus the sacred influence of parental authority and affection comes in as auxiliary to the great official teaching of the pas tors and the Church. When the Almighty create* new life 'and new immortal beings through the instrumentality of holy Christian marriage, the parents receive the pledge of their affection under a sacred obligation, both towards God and towards their offspring. That child is the child of God as well as theirs ; it is the child of the holy Catholic Church from the moment that it is con secrated to Christ by the sacrament of baptism. Its parents, at the risk of salvation, cannot alien ate it from its eternal hope and its right to be a Christian. When it grows up in the exercise of free will, it may be unhappy enough either to deny the faith or to live in violation of its pre CBDtS : but at that nprinri nf life the resnnnsihilitv of the parents will have ceased ; and hence it is that under the impulse of nature, under the precept, example, and encouragement of the Church, the first school of Christianity is that_ of the family. The enlightened and Christian mother is the teacher, and around her are the young listeners receiving their Qrst impressions respecting God, the end of their creation, their divine Saviour, their faith, the sacraments nf the Church- — receiving lessons »» all these from lips Miuk =ro-,L- tn ti,em, in their young minds at least, with infallibility as well as affection. As these children grow up they pass to another school. This practice also has prevailed from early times in the Church. Their teacher, in consequenco of their companions and the whole community in which they live being of the same religious faith, would be a reasonable substitute for the teaching of the parents, but the latter are always bound to see either by themselves or by others that the minds and hearts of their children shall not be estranged from the precious inheritance of faith, which they are bound to transmit. When all Christendom was Catholic it would.' be easy and natural that children should be considered safely brought up under the influence of their religion, acting in school as well as in the Church ; and hence schools, such as we now term common schools, have been established everywhere under the influence of the Church as a teacher. Before the melancholy period which has .80 distracted the once united Christian family, these schools were already abundant in many countries, and likely to become more and more so ; so that this common education is not as to its substance a modern institution ; nay, so zealous was the Church for the. education of Catholics, that Sunday itself was taken advantage of for the more thorough ingrainihg of Christian knowledge in the minds of the children. In reference to all that has just been said, there is one observation which marks the difference between the influence and efforts of the Catholic Church in regard to education, and similar efforts among those by whom her authority has been se aside : she did all without the aid of civil govern ments; she did all by the voluntary contributions of her own children and the zeal' of her own learned and illustrious professors ; she did all by the gentle influence of her own divine right, as a teacher, acting upon those w'bo'sympathized with her and became her auxiliaries in the elementary departments of the great work. They, on the other hand, have for the most part done every thing through the medium of civil Ifurislatinn. . thereby indicating that education was no longer a labour of love, that its success required coercion ; and for this purpose the arm of the civil power was brought in for its support. Common education has become a favorite policy in nearly all nations of Christendom. It is more advanced in some than in others. Prussia was, perhaps, the first to systematize it as a policy of the State. Other : nations have followed, each with its own peculiar system ; but there is one remark to be made — that in no country in the world has the attempt been made, in promoting common education, to divorce it from Christian education, except our own. Prussia, with nil its stern Pro testantism, recognises the difference of religious denominations, and makes provision that each shall bo at liberty, under certain regulations, to inculcate its own principles of faith and morals. Even England recognizes the distinction, and allows Catholics to have their schools apart, and to receive pro rata their portion of the common fund for their support. In no country except our own has Christianity been ignored in the system of common school education. On this subject, you are aware tjjat much has been said and much written lately in this city. We are denonnced as seeking their overthrow'; we are proclaimed as enemies of the Bible in the schools, and it is assumed that in all this we are actuated by a gratuitous love of opposition, and hostility to what is so much esteemed by our fellow citizens. This is not the case. What I have already said might satisfy any one that we cannot, in con science, approve of uny system of education in which religion is formally excluded from the elements of knowlege. We have no objection to the present system, so far as other denominations are concerned, but for ourselves, as members of tho Church to which a commission to teach was given, and in which is the obligation to preserve the fuith and transmit it even by domestic training to the rising generation, we can never give it our approval. It is true that, in the unpropitious circumstances of our people, there may be cases '. in which it may be less culpable for parents to ? permit their children to attend such schools than i to leave them to be prematurely instructed in the ' vices and in the bad tuition of the public streets ; but in no case would it be lawful to attend those schools if we had schools of our own in suffi cient numbers, and sufficiently provided, in which '. children might attain even a less complete educa- : tion. Many years ago it was our duty to make known the position of Catholics on this subject. We did not hesitate to predict the consequences nf the system, not only as regards our own chil dren, but as regards the children of the com munity at large. It was then deemed one of the beautiful features ^of, the (..system that.no sec tarianism should be taught in the schools. To ? this it was replied, that in a country in which there is no established religion every form of Christianity comes to be sectarian, and thus, by excluding all sectarianism, it follows as a conse quence that all Christianity and all religion are necessarily excluded. It was not difficult to foresee the consequences that might have been anticipated, and it gives me great pleasure to state that, after an experience of nearly twenty years since that period, many enlightened and wise men begin to dread the. results that are to follow. It is seldom that we make allusion to what is said in pulpits not our own, but in the late agitation that has been carried on in reference to the schools, and the Bible in the schools, we have the testimony of two distinguished Pro testant clergymen, using language in regard to . them stronger and more .'terrific than any that ever escaped the lips 'of a Catholic. They are of different denominations, indeed, and they are friends of the public schools, or have been heretofore. They are regarded as of high authority on any subject which they discuss ; and here is the testimony of one when sneakin? of the absence of religious education from the public schools. He says: ' I sajr this tree of death at first parades the fair seeming blossoms of a univeisal indifference and liberality, which, in fact, is a positive ex clusion and intolerance of the worst kind, for what can be worse than, oh the plea of the largest liberty, to have all positive religion for bidden and persecuted, and, under pretence of regard to parental and sectarian prejudice, to have the children forced to take their lessons under an exhausted receiver, from which every celestial element, every breath of heaven's truth, is drawn off by the air pump of infidelity and politics. No wonder if the children should come forth from such a process with heart and in tellect pumped as dry of religious reverence, feeling, and belief, as the top of the rock where Rizpah watched her dead, or as the bleaching skeletons that hung before the mourner. It may take more than'one generation for such a tree of death, such a system of death, to change from the blossom to the apples of Sodom, and to fill society with its fruits.' The other clergyman uses language equally strong. He says : ' We need never think to reform society by be ginning at the branches and neglecting the roots, or by merely taking in hand periodically, with spasmodic fright or virtue, the effects that grow out of the roots. If you pluck off the apples of Sodom one year, they will grow the next. Society is a tree that you cannot cut down if you would ; but you may medicate the roots, and the roots are in your school rooms. Now, if you had a tree bearing bitter fruit that you could restore to use ful life by digging about the roots, and applying ' potent chemical influences there, would it not be folly to employ yourself upon the branches, cut ting of here and there the excrescences and the worst of the fruits, and forbidding the roots to be treated ? The cure of these moral and social evils is Divine truth, applied in the right place, at the w.gU* timo, -« ihc ugUfc wiijr. A P^tlspipnPP Id t() be trained We insist on this. It is the one grand vital element of a truly conservative education ; nay, I hate the word, for it always lies ; not con servative, therefore, but defensive and aggres sive and acquisitive ; and when by such glorious discipline as God puts in our power sin shall be be conquered and cast out, and holy habits, and institutions just and righteous, shall be formed, then conservative ; but, until then, searching, repelling, and aggressive. A conscience is to be trained ; it is as essential a part of education as the main spring is an inevitable part of a watch. But there never was, never will be, never can be, a conscience trained by a little geography, a little arithmetic and a little grammar.' And these are tho schools te which it is said some Catholics advise parents to send their chil dren. It is true the reverend gentlemen referred to suggest a panacea for the evils which they see and deplore ; and that is, that a small portion of the Bible should be read at the opening of the schools. But there are difficulties to this also. There are many disputes as to which is the . true Bible, for there are a variety of versions. Who shall determine the true Bible as distinguished from. the false? But again: While we recog nize the Bible which the Church puts into pur hands as a sufficiently correct version for bur own use, and reverence it as the inspired written word of God, we necessarily refuse any version of the Bible which the Chureh has not approved. Will the reading of the Bible in the schools pro duce the happy results that seem to be antici pated ? Will it produce on the minds of chil dren the harmony of religious sentiment and be lief that will grow up into the good social fruits to which reference has been made? If so, we should have expected that the two learned di vines, instead of being of different denominations, should unite in the simple doctrine of the Bible and be of the same creed. Again : They recom mend the Lord's Prayer as in the Bible. Now, it happens that the Lord's Prayer in the Pro testant Bible has a whole sentence more than it has in the Catholic Bible ; and the Catholic child, returning home from school, will have acquired the knowledge of two distinct forms of the Lord's Prayer. However, we have ceased to war upon a system which the great majority of our citizens seem to ap prove. What remains for . us, under all our disadvantages, is to revive in ourselves the per petual spirit of the Catholic Church as a teacher, and under her sanction, with the freedom to inculcate religious as well as secular know ledge, to make the best provision for our poor children that our poverty will permit. We must leave it to time and to a growing sense of justice among those who have the control of these matters, to suggest my remedy for our case which they may think expedient. We must continue to labour and provide for Catholic edu cation as we have labored, and with time and the blessing of Almighty God we may be able to make still more ample provision for the train ing of our children than we have yet been able to accomplish. Nothing should turn our minds away from the prosecution of this most important subject. The object to which your attention was directed on last Sunday, is in close harmony with all that I have as yet said. The Church is still the fond mother of education for her chil dren — the same now as when she founded the great universities of Europe. The evidence of this is found in the fact that the Sovereign Pon tiff, in his great zeal for religion and science, has suggested to the bishops and the people of this country the propriety of their having a national college of their own near the fountain of apostolic authority, in the Eternal City of Rome itself. Time will not permit me to even glance at what the Popes have done for education in connection with religioa. How in glorious France, in Belgium, the doors of the uni versities were thrown open and even spe cial colleges of their own were provided by the generosity of those nations, or the liberality of the persecuted flock to whom they after wards were to minister at the peril of their lives'. But, above all it was in RohiB, by tbeiri vitatioh of pontiffs, that provision's were made' for those unhappy countries. I need not speak of the vast and numerous colleges' and universities that belong to Rome itself, but apart from these, almost every nation of Europe where persecu tion had been felt, has its own especial college. England, Scotland, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, and Greece, not to speak of France, have each had its own national college within the city of Rome. There the advantages of a superior edu cation in every department of ecclesiastical know ledge are superior to any that can be found in the world besides. The lectures of the Roman uni versities are open and gratis to all persons who choose to attend. There the votaries of knowledge, from all nations and of all sects, mingle together and listen to the profound dissertations of emi nent professors on every subject connected with sacred literature. The present Holy Father has taken a deep interest in the Catholics of this country. He is aware that either their want of means, or the necessities of the mission do not permit ecclesiastics to prosecute their theological studies except to a moderate extent ; and it is under this conviction, no doubt, that his zeal and his charity have prompted him, out of his slender means to set apart a costly and spacious edifice, procured at his own expense, and to offer is to the bishops of this country, as the national college of the United States- The subject to which your liberal offerings of this day will be appropriated will be the fitting up, repairing, and furnishing of this college for the use to' which it is; to'be tip- plied. It will require furniture ; not, indeed, of a costly description, but securing the moderate comforts as well as the decency of appearance to which Americans are generally accustomed. Itwill require a noble library, worthy of the country and of the institution ; and, as health in the climate Rome is of vital consideration for our American youth who may happen' to go there to prosecute their studies, there should be attached to the college a villa, or country house, to which they can re tire for the renovation of their strength, at certain seasons of the year. It is not intended that this college should receive all candidates from America indiscriminately. The idea is, that each bishop may send two are three of those whose merits and talents and other necessary qualities will have entitled them to that distinction. It may be that some of you now present will live to see those who are now attending the schools of the Christian Brothers return from this city of learning and piety young eccle siastics, rich in science and in ecclesiastical virtues, which will at once give dignity and adornment to the Church of God. Be this as it may, in the proposal of the Holy Father you behold still how the Church is the teacher in all its departments, and how that zeal for the diffusion of Christian knowledge which charac terized the first Christians has never been extin guished. On our part let it be seen that we are not insensible to its influence. Considering that a collection is to be taken up in every church in the country for this purpose, it is evident that the contribution need not be oppressive on any one, while the aggregate will be sufficient to fit out the American College in a style rendering it every way suitable for its purpose, and worthy of the country whose name it shall bear. An American youth will hot be an alien under its roof — its management, its rer.tor. and nrofessors will be Americans. It will be as if they carried so much of their own country with them — their training, their education, the discipline of the house, and all things in connection with it will be especially adapted for the peculiar institutions and wants of their own country. There is only one other remark which I shall make. Since the matter bas been thought of, it seems almost strange that we should not have had such an in stitution before this time. The Catholics of Ens''1'1 L-''= u«=»- E»gli»i- collpge; the Catho lics of Scotland have their Scotcu college; tlie Catholics of Ireland have their two Irish col leges ; and why, I might ask, should not the Catholics of America have their American col lege ? This, with the blessing of Almighty God. they are now to possess ; and, in connection with it, there is one remark which I think will in terest all Americans who are likely to visit Rome. I have often observed how lonely and solitary, compared with travellers from other countries, Americans appear in the Eternal City. There was no local habitation of their country men within its walls. However kind the pro fessors of other national colleges might be, still there Was wanting that sympathy which a differ ence in nationalities is so apt to diminish. In fine, dearly beloved brethren, Iahave exposed to you the Spirit of the Church as a teacher, and the contributions which you offer to-day will be, I trust, in generous correspondence with the noble purpose which we have in view. These contributions are in reality for the benefit of re ligion among yourselves. The fruits of them you may not live to witness, but your descendants will, and generations will bless the memory of the Supreme Pontiff who conceived the happy thought, and of those liberal Catholics of our day who, in such immense numbers, shall have con tributed towards carrying out the undertaking. 