SMYTHE'S CREEK. , . ; 30th December, 1858. The Members of the Mining Board.— These. worthies, . espe cially the Ballaarat resident members and Smythe's resident mem ber, 'have since my last letter been raising the wind, preparatory to the' forthcoming elections; all of them conscious of their ill- spent time and I might say total disregard ot the trust reposed, .in them.. The Ballaarat members have taken to their: usual policy of raising the cry against any improvement if it interfered in any way with mining ; in the present instance it is the drain- a«e of the Ballaarat Flat. The interference has already caused the loss of the expenditure of .£3,000, and the improvement that miolit be effected by such amount in the district. Tlieir motto, the1 mining interest, though paramount .in' this Colony, has been, as heretofore, detrimental to the working miner; also the resi dent member in' this place has raised certain (imaginary if not real) grievances against Mr. Lynch, the district mining surveyor, to prepare the way for the election of some of the miners ; and the perfection shown by the member in raising tho wind is very creditable to his masters, the Ballaarat members. That the present members of the Board (Sergeant perhaps excepted) are totally unfit for the important post held by them is obvious to all that have been close observers of their proceedings, and if tlio miners ' of Ballaarat will re-elect their present members for the ensuing year, the mining interest of Ballaarat and district will receive a further check. The current year shows pretty plainly the tendency of things, and should it continue for another twelve months in the same retrograde state, Ballaarat will, instead of being the metropolitan, be a second-rate gold-field. And of all the- Mining Boards, as far as my observations go, the Ballaarat one has been the most useless of the lot in trying to provide regulations for its district. A great want in mining legislation has been felt with some of the mining companies in this place. Three parties had found certain engine owners willing to supply 'them with engines on interest in the claims ; these were brought on the ground, and considerable time and great amount of labour ex pended in their fixing, with some certain amount of money (more or less) as deposit money. For three or four months the work went on; the claims did not at once pay the expectations enter tained. Last week and the present these engineswere removed by the owners, and in one case with not even a day's notice. At present through this only, more than sixty men have been thrown out of their interest, or have incurred a great amount of extra labour and expense. Muting Litigation. — The current month has been very fruitful in law in-mining matters. At Brown's there is in several of the companies a certain number of loafers, who with a fluent speech excite the passion, of the hard-working miner on account .of some wrong of more or less consequence, and the result .is— law, — their expenses paid, their shafts worked for them, and they lead a fine life of it, at the same time involving the shareholders in law expenses, which at the best are ruinous. Of tho Ballaarat Court of Mines cases, and also the cases of the Court of Mines in this place, two thirds arise and are kept in court under bhe in fluence of this class of miners. The total inapplicability of the present mining regulations of the Board and tho influence of these men make people, willing to speculate in sleeping interest very cautious, and in many cases even total distrust in all mining securities. I may mention one of the engine cases I referred to before : there is something over £200 of debt due by the com pany, and according to present law and regulations the owner of this engine becomes liable for the whole amount, tho other share holders . not being of any value whatever, and in this case there is no pity shown towards the victim. Me. Lynch, District Mining Surveyor. — This gentleman is in trouble about some mistakes allesred to have been committed. and grievances more or less serious, but of all I can find out the principal complaint against him is, his dogmatic manner, .and the unsociablencss of conduct while fulfilling the duties of his office; a little suavity would have prevented all this. I do not understand that when a person gets into office that lie must adopt a certain reserve, but somehow or other many men when they receive a post of duty think that they, cannot act as men, that they have to elevate themselves to some imaginary at mosphere, so as to prevent any undue familiarity. Geants foe Extended Aeeas. — Tho mischievous, illegal ' proceedings of the Ballaarat Mining Board seem to have caused a great amount of anxiety, loss of time, and expense. There are from fifteen to eighteen Mining Board recommendations now lying at the Warden's office, worth —nothing ! Some thousands of pounds have been expended, either in labor or expenses, on the faith of the legality of these recommendations ; besides, two or three law cases have already arisen from the same cause, thereby adding law-costs to other expenses already incurred. Mining News. — The general aspect of tho district is very quiet. Warren's Lead. — All the claims on this lead are at work, Nos. 7 and 8 excepted; this shaft has been some weeks now on stop, — I have heard that a new company is in course of formation. Norfolk Lead.; — With the exception of Nos. 11 and 12 the whole of this lead is on the stop or abandoned. Contest Lead. — Things look pretty fair on this lead, although, in some cases, foolish litigation has begun. 1 North Britain. — This lead has its shares very passable in the market, and great expectations are enter tained of it. Black Hill. — Things arc very dull here. Linton's. — The Black Lead turns out very fair dividends, and the miners generally do very well at this place. Hard Hills. — The number engaged in mining at this place is about one thousand. There are a few parties about Chinaman's Flat. Carngham Flat. — A num ber of lessees on this ground (Russell's purchased land) have puddling machines, &c.;, in full working order. Preston Hill. — With the exception of the engine party within the fence, which makes ordinary wages, there is very little life elsewhere on this hill. About a mile to the westward of Carngham Flat there is a new rush, which took place about a fortnight ago ; several claims are going down, with three or 'four engines already put up, or about to be so. I have no news of the different quartz reefs to send you: At Happy Yalley a second party have found the run of the gold in the cement. Up the creek, Rose Company are linrd at work, battling with tho water, which is very hea vy. The large dam of the United Sluicers burst during the storm last Sunday night ; the embankment, in the middle, was about two feet lower than the water-shoot; besides, the earthworks em bankment is only a- loose heap of earth. Campbell's Hill. — Matters are very low on this place ; the Live and Let Live Com pany have had their engine talceu away, the old company are still keeping on, but of late with not much success. The Frazer's Hill Sluicing Co. are about giving (if they have not already given) up the ghost. 