LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. MOKE BURNING OF EFFIGIES. - On Thursday evening last two more effigies were burned, on the old spot, nearly in front of the court-house. One of them is said to have represented his satanic majesty and the other an exhumed ghost of departed greatness, name unknown. Several fire balloons were sent up, and a quantity of fireworks fizzed off round a large bonfire. 'I here was the usual amount of cheering and noise, and it is estimated that several hundreds witnessed the atirair. Fireworks were let off in various other parts of the town. MR. BLIGII.-The * S. M. Herald' of the 25th ult. says :-" Armidale.-The re sult of the enquiry by Mr. E'/*T). Day into certain matters connected with the Clerk ship to the Bench at Armidale has resulted in the removal of Mr. Bligb from that office, and a successor, Mr. Buckland, of the Colonial Secretary's office, has been no minated. From what has transpired, the question was one arising from Mr. Bligli's trenching on the ground of the legal fra ternity- Armidale, it appears, not being sufficient to support more than one of the profession. Something of the same sort is likely to occur at Kiama, resulting from the action recently taken in the House of As sembly by Mr. Deniehv, who was moved thereto apparently by the notice given hv the Clerk of the Bench there that he in tended to apply in the proper quarter to be admitted to practise as a conveyancer." Was the above paragraph penned by a Handy Andy? 1'okt STEPHENS.-The *S. ftl. Herald's' correspondent, dating Feb. 21st, remarks a heavy and continuous rain, by which the river had risen greatly. He adds :-" It is truly surprising that a bridge has never been thrown over this river, considering that this is the main road to the Manning, and likely to become the main road to New England, and that the Karuah forms the only obstruction of any moment between Raymond Terrace and Gloucester. 1 hear thnt a person residing near the crossing place states that he would put a good bridge over it (or £100-a really insignificant sum compared with the loss of time and the risk involved by every freshet in the river at present." BURGLARY.-On the night of the 24th or morning of the 25th ult., during the absence of Mr. Crate, watchmaker, at a ball in Mr. Monaban's inn, the shutters of his shop window, in Faulkner-street, were opened, and the sash broken through. Unfortu nately the burglars, of whom it is supposed there were two or three, succeeded in car rying away about 39 gold and silver watches, a number of gold and silver chains, some gold rings, and a saddle and two bridles. About 15 of the watches be long to parties who left them to be repaired, and the remainder to Mr. Crate. We are 1 sorry to say that no positive clue to the apprehension of the burglars or recovery of the stolen property has yet been obtained, though it is evident that some local know ledge was necessary to enable the thieves to accomplish their purpose so easily, the locality being one of the most thickly peopled in Armidale, and the house of which a part is occupied by Mr. Crate a comer building, fronting Faulkner-street and the Market-square. HORSE RACE.-On Wednesday last an interesting match came off, on the Armidale course, one event of a mile, ;between Mr. Smith's Quevedo and a horse of Mr. Steel's, owners riding, for .£10. We are informed that at the start Mr. Steel's horse led until turning the upper corner, when Quevedo cut him out of inside running, and was never asked to gallop afterwards, winning by a distance. POLICE COURT.-A heavy amount of business stands postponed, awaiting a Clerk. LAND AT CLERKNESS.-We have been requested to draw the attention of the Se cretary of Lands and Works to the fact that there is a brisk demand for land at Clerk ness, Bundarrab. Town and country lots, we are assured, would sell readily, if sub mitted to the hammer. We hope this hint will have the desired effect. To BANISH FLIES.-The . Launceston Examiner' says:-" As flies are in several places a great nuisance at present, it may be well to state that the smoke of the dried leaves of a pumpkin burnt on a bright fire will cause them to quit an apartment in stantly, or it will kill them. Birds must be withdrawn before the operation, and persons should abstain from going into apartments immediately after, as the smoke causes headache. The employment of laurel | oil is also a preservative against flies, as they cannot bear the smell of it. In Bel gium butchers have long applied it, and with great success, to the doors and win dows of their shops." NORTHERN DISTRICT COURT.-The 'S. M. Herald' has been informed that Mr. R. Owen, M.P., will succeed Mr. Hargrave as Judge of the Northern District Court. JUDICIAL CHANGES.-Mr. Justice Mil ford has . resigned the double appointment which he formerly held, and been sworn in as a Judge of the Supreme Court of N. S. Wales. Mr. Lutwyche has received his commission as Resident Judge at Moreton Bay. NEW APPOINTMENTS. - We select the following from a number that have been published :-L. H. Baylev, Esq., to be At torney General. J. F. Hargrave, Esq., to be Solicitor General. A. D. F. Carter, Esq., to be Chief District Court Registrar at M ait] and. MR. SCOTT DCRBIN.-Mr. Durbin, it appears, has been actively engaged in se lecting emigrants in Donegal, with whom a | vessel was to sail from Birkenhead, in January last. There are many persons anxious to emigrate, and Mr. Durbin, as sisted by the clergymen, lias been choosing in the first instance those who are most likely to be desirable colonists. Mr. Dur bin's kindness deserves cordial recognition at the hands of the friends of the oppressed poor of Donegal. CASINO.-Casino has been proclaimed a place at which liquors may be sold in quan tities not less than two gallons at a time. 5s. POSTAGE STAMP. - The 'Evening Mail' states that the Postmaster General is about to issue a 5s. postage stamp, to suit the convenience of parties transmitting par cels by post. LAND SALE AT WEST KEMPSEY.-On Monday, 14-th March, 52 country lots. LAND SALE AT GRAFTON.-On Tues day, 5th April, there will be a sale of 42 town lots at Grafton. ARMIDALE MIIX PRICES.-Allingham's Mill: Fine flour. 24s.; seconds, 22s.; if booked, Is. additional. Wheat, from 7s. j to 8s., according to sample. i CALIFORNIA.-While the drivers of two coaches were lately racing, on the main road between Marysville and Sacramento, one of them took the road from the other, but was warned bv a passenger on the cut-off coach that if he did so again he would shoot him. Thinking the threat a joke, the driver repeated the manoeuvre, when the passenger placed the muzzle of a double-barrelled gun almost against his back, and fired off one of the barrels. The ball entered near the junction of the left ribs with the backbone, and passed out under the left nipple. He then tried to turn hack to Nicolaus, but became in sensible, fell off, and was found lying on the road. He subsequently thanked the surgeons for fmnklv telling him that his wound was mortal. The man who shot him jumped off the other coach, and made off, saying he would surrender himself at Sacramento.-Another case of lynching has occurred, at Los Angeles. It seems some apprehension was entertained that a prisoner of desperate repute, named Sancho Daniel, would escape just punishment, through a quibble in the law ; accordingly, taking ad vantage of the absence of the chief autho rities, a number of men surrounded the gaoler, obtained bis kc-vs, opened the gaol, placed A piece of artillery against the gate way to prevent interruption, and hung j Daniel to the upper cross-piece of the | main door or gateway. An hour afterwards i the body was cut down, and carried to the j residence of deceased's wife by some uf their j friends. At the inquest the jury returned j a verdict of death by strangulation, by per ? sons unknown. N. S. WALES INTELLIGENCE. SYDNEY. FROM the * Herald,' ' Evening Mail,' and other sources we compile the following items of intelligence:- - The autumnal exhibition of the Horticul tural and Agricultural Society, on the 23rd, 24th, and 25th ult, does not appear to have been so successful as usual. One of the most extraordinary specimens exhibited was a pumpkin weighing 243 lbs., and measur ing 8 ft. 8 in. in circumference, grown at Newtown, from seed brought from California. Mr. Brown, the exhibitor, stated that on a piece of ground two percbes in extent two vines produced eight pumpkins weighing an aggregate of 822 lbs. * Measures are being taken to almost re build the School of Arts premises. The Governor General presided at a late meeting on the subject. The return of Sir Cbas. Nicholson to the colony has been celebrated by a public ball at the Royal Exchange. Mr. Justice Therry has resigned his various offices, official and non- official, and retired upon his pension. Mr. Therry entered the public service in New South Wales in 1829. Committees have been formed for the purpose of inviting him to a public dinner and presenting him with a testimonial, prior to his departure for Eu rope. Mr. Berry has had a long letter inserted in the advertising columns of the ' Herald' in reply to the attacks of Dr. Lang. As with the Dr., many of the remarks are ir relevant and in bad taste. Messrs. Newton, Manton, and Gibbes have been committed for trial, on the charge of conspiring to defraud the customs revenue. Gibbes has been allowed ba.l in £400 and two sureties of £200 each ; the others, in half these amounts. Mr. Maddocks, who was suspended in the first instance, has been restored to his old office in the cus toms. On the night of the 22nd ult., an elderly woman fell off the stage in coming ashore from the Yarra Yarra steamer. A young man named Flinn jumped into the water at once, and succeeded in saving her. Shortly before twelve o'clock p.m. on the j 24th ult., while two omnibuses were racing at the corner of Pitt and King streets, one of them capsized. The box was smashed- ; the driver thrown out, and picked up sense less-and a passenger received a severe ! contusion on the temple, besides other in juries. A waterman named Read was drowned, lately, in eight feet water, about 40 yards from the Balmain wharf, apparently through endeavouring to catch a pig which had leaped overboard from his boat. The co roner's jury strongly censured the conduct of a good swimmer who was looking on at the time, but rendered no aid. Mrs. Read was left without the means to bury the body. ' Whilst a man was recently fishing, near Fort Macquarie, he drew up with bis hooks and line the dead body of a newly-born I female child, wrapped up in cloth "which j also enclosed a brick. It was certified at the inquest that the infant had been born I alive, and that its death was caused by pressure on its face and chest. A verdict of wilful murder against some person un known was returned. Win. Smith, 35, landlord of an inn on Brickfield Hill, died lately, after a few hours* illness, from disease engendered by intemperance. The Government has offered a reward of £50 for the conviction of the murderer of John Earnshaw, at Picton, but this was anticipated by the offer of £75, collected bv subscription at Picton. A person has been apprehended at Windsor, on suspi cion, and remanded to Picton. A correspondent in the ' Herald* calls attention to a letter in the ' Times,'strongly recommending the sesqui-carbonate of am monia as an antidote to scarlatina and measles. The ' Herald' of the 22nd says : " A large quantity of gold was brought from the Fairfield Diggings among the passen gers from the Clarence, by the Grafton, ar rived on Sunday night. One of them who deposited his bass at the Mint yesterday morning brought two Mint receipts to this office-one for 12? ozs., and the other for 157 ozs. He informs us that several of the passengers had gold besides himself." The latest Western escort brought down 1.917 ozs. 8 dwts. 12 grs. During the week ended 25th ult. the Mint received 279.9 ozs. of gold, and is sued 20,000 sovereigns. Messrs. Mort & Co. state, in their Cir cular of the 24th ult.:-" Wool: There is no improvement to note during the past week, but rather a greater disinclination to purchase, except at a reduction in price both by auction and privately; and to effect sales this has been met. Greasy wools are a^ain neglected, and little doing.-Sheep skins: Although the market was moder ately supplied, prices of last week could not ba obtained, except for one lot of washed, which realised 103d. per lb. Good ordi nary skins are worth 8^d. to 9d.-Tallow : There was more demand bv the trade this week, and some superior samples of mixed melting commanded an advance on former prices ; still, any quantity appearing would materially affect the market.-Hides : Few to hand, and priccs about the same as last week." NEW INSOLVENTS.-Edwin Haviland, photographic artist, Sydney; debts, £646 7s. 2d.; assets, £202 ; deficit, £444 7s. 2d. J. XV. Butcher, Sydney: debts, £84 17s. 6M. ; assets, £.9 (>s. 0d.; deficit, £75 lis. James Ewait, landholder, near Syd ney ; debts, £3tt8.> 2s. 8d.; assets (inclu ding £3727 15s. (id. under mortgages, exclusive of interest), £3390; deficit, £295 2s. 8J. H. Jones, tailor, Sydney; debts, £ 1000 18s. 3d. ; assets (mortgaged for £832 9s.), £2315 (is. 7d.; surplus, £460 ! (is. 7d. H. White, Woolloomoolon ; debts, j £915 16s. 6*d.; assets, £10; deficit, £905 16s. 6d. G- H- Murray, agent, Sydney; debts, £258 10s. 6d.; assets, £12; de ficit, £246 10s. 6d. HUNTER RIVER DISTRICT. FROM the ' M. Mercury,' * Northern Tim*." and * Newcastle Chronicle," we condense th» following items of intelligence:- - The Hunter River N ??.N. Co. has der clared a dividend of 12£ t er cent, per an num. The half-yearly general meeting went off with ijmtt unanimity. The Watt Relief Fund has been closed. The total amount received was £204- 5s. 6d., and the balance left is £191 14s. 3d., of which £31 14s. 3d. will be appropriated to start Mrs. Watt in a small business, and the remainder be invested in the bands of trustees with the power to take advantage of any eligible opportunity, on bebalf of the children. It is understood that Mr. R. Fen wick has received the Clerk of Petty Sessionsbip vacant by the death of Mr. Kingsmill. A pocket-book containing money, letters, and other documents was lately found on the road between Maitland and Pickering, and handed to Mr. E. D. Day until claimed. A tarpaulin or. one of the goods trucks on the railway took fire, lately, but was soon extinguished. A dog, in attempting to cross the line, has been cut in two by the van-waggon of a train. The Oceana, schooner, heavily laden with coal, and bound from Newcastle to Sydney, capsized recently, whilst off Bird Island, and went down. Fortunately the crew were picked up, though they bad been four hours in tbe water, clinging to plank* and the bottom of a boat. The * Herald's' Cassilis correspondent gives an account of the robbery of a man named O'Rourke, about seventeen miles north of Coolah, under brutal circum stances. Two men, after beating O'Rourke in tbe most unmerciful manner, took £70 10s. from bim, and left bim tied to a tree, whence his cries excited attention and pro cured his release. Mr. Mitchell, the pound keeper, and another person set off in pur» suit, and luckily arrested tbe scoundrels, who had separated ; but in the second in stance resistance was offered, and Mitchell bad to lodge a ball in tbe man's ankle be fore they could take bim. The evidence against the prisoners, who have been re moved to Cassilis, is remarkably clear. STOCK MARKET, FEB. 25.-We ar® tolerably supplied with fat cattle, but there is nothing in tbe hands of the butchers be yond tbe requirements for immediate con sumption. Three lots of cattle have been sold in the usual way, in the yards during tbe week. One lot of tbe H. O. brand rea lised £4 4s. to £4 10s., and there is still a brisk demand for anything of good quality at fair prices. Fat sheep continue to be very scarce. 1700 ewes were sold during the week, for Sydney, at 13s. 6d. Saddle and harness horses are in request, as well as working bullocks and milch cows. Store sheep and cattle are wanted for placing in paddocks to fatten. A draft of fat cattle, of J\\[D brand, realised £5 10s. this day. Re sult of Sales :- H 2 heifers. at an average of 65s. each ; 2 ditto, at 40s. each; 1 pair working bullocks, £15 10s.; 1 pair ditto ditto, £14 17s (id.; 1 pair ditto ditto, £]3 os.; 1 pair ditto ditto, £7 ; 12 dairy cows, at an average of £5 each ; 3 ditto ditto, at an average of £3 10s. each; 15 horses, broken and unbroken, from £6 to £13; a small flock of fat sheep, at 14s. 7d. to 15fl. -DODDS & Co. FLOUR MARKET, FEB. 25.-Firsts, !8». to 19s.; seconds, 16s. to 17s. WESTERN DISTRICTS. FROM the Bathurst journals and 4 Mudgee Newspaper* we abridge as follows : Nothing further has been heard relative to the fate of Mr. Stanley. The blight is reported to be exceedingly prevalent at Bathurst. There have been some additional accidents at the Lacblan, from men being thrown off their horses-the last making, according to the * Free Press,' tbe sixth fatal accident within four months. Mr. Bavlev, the Attorney General, and Mr. Chas. Kemp, of Sydney, intend to con test the representation of Mudgee. The local journal strongly supports Mr. Bayley as the preferable of tbe two. SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. FROM tbe various journals published in tbe Southern Districts we glean as follows : BRAIDWOOD. Robberies and attempts to rob are becom ing plentiful. At Manar a person entered a house by an aperture in the roof, and had appropriated a few trinkets when one of the inmates awoke ; on asking who was there, the fellow precipitately decamped, leaving some of bis booty behind. At Bell vue, a Chinaman named Ah Hong has had his tent cut open, and robbed of some goods, in addition to about £30 in money. His borse, wbicb was tethered outside, was also taken. This appears to be the second rob bery which has occurred recently at Bell vue, and is attributed to Chinamen. A landlady named Mrs. Potter was lately beating off a kangaroo dog, which had fas~ tened upon her watch dog, when the former let go bis bold, and attacked her, tearing her band in a dreadful manner. GOULBURN. The latest escort lelt for Sydney with 4130 ors. 1 dwt. 8 grs. of gold. As a man named Fitzsimmons, aged about ?'0, was lately driving a horse and cart along Sloane-street, tbe animal became restive, and Fitzsimmons wa* thrown out of the vehicle. He was badly bruised, and4 - from his great figc, bis recovery is somewhat doubtful. TASS. Of tate snake* have been seen on various occasions in the streets. A Mr. Hardy, whilst passing along Rossi-street, trod upon one 5 or 6 feet in length, and had barely time to avoid the stroke of the reptile, which subsequently escaped under tbe verandah of a bouse adjoining. One or two others have been destroyed. The 'Courier* says.:-"A married wo man, named- Bridget Kelly, wife of James ivelly, plasterer, Dutton-street, Yass, has been found dead in a stooping position at the side of her bed, with her head resting _ upon the sitfe of the bed. For some consi derable tiine-past the unfortunate woman was addicted to intemperate habits, and it is supposed that, going home drunk, she fell asleep in the posture stated, and smo thered herself by sinking her face in the blankets. Her husband was at the time lvmg in the bed in ill health ; and some neighbours,, knowing the inattention paid to his wants by his wife, were in the habit of carrying food, &c.;, to the sick man, and on entering the house yesterday afternoon for this purpose, discovered that the unfortunate victim of intemperance had ceased to breathe." LOWER MCRRIMBIDGEE. The ' S. M. Herald's' correspondent says: " Last week the following instance of maternal affection in a brute creature was witnessed in this locality. Whilst a bandi coot and her young ones were disporting themselves on the lower branch of a tree] a large brawn snake stealthily approached,' and fixing his glistening eyes on the poor creatures, so completely fascinated them that they were not able to attempt to escape. After a pause, the reptile making a sudden spring, seized the young bandicoot in its jaws. The old one, terribly frightened, commenced running away at full speed, but lo 'king back arid seeing her progeny in such danger, instantly returned, and jumping with all force on the neck of the snake at tempted to malce him loosen his grasp. Had no one interfered it is probable that the snake would have bitten the two animals, but just at this moment the spectator step ping in killed the snake, and allowed the bandicoots to escape in safety." MORETON BAY. FROST late Moreton Bay papers we extract a summary of the most interesting intelli gence. A number of inquests and enquiries have been held. One on the body of James Cook, the second engineer of the Yarra Yarra steamer, resulted in a verdict of found drowned. The evidence favoured the belief that deceased had fallen into the Brisbane whilst walking in his sleep. The body was found in the river, about 400 yards below the scene of the accident. John Stafford, who had left Ipswich for the purpose of collecting cattle, went to bed apparently in good health, but about six next morning he moaned heavily, and died in a few minutes. A surgeon* certifying death from natural causes (disease of the heart), a verdict in accordance was re turned.-Patrick Cannan, better known by the cognomen of " Paddy Crack," was lately riding, with his son,"near Normandy Plains Gully, when he struck a sapling, and was hurled from his horse. His 50*11 bathed his temples with water, and re mained with him until midnight, when he went to look for his horse, and did not return until after two o'clock next dav. Deceased was removed alive, but died on his way to Ipswich. He had received an injury on the temple, and the fracture of a coll ir-bone. The verdict certified that dea'h had happened from concussion of the brain, caused by reckless riding whilst de ceased was partially intoxicated; and Col. Gray severely censured the conduct of youn» Cannan in having absented himself from his father for upwards 01 twelve hours. An inquest in reference to the death of a blackfellow named Kalakera has ended in a verdict of death by drowning. It ap pears that the black, whilst drunk, be haved itf a violent manner to a Mrs. Hum ber and a man named Whittle, striking the latter with a piece of iron. Whittle°then chased Kalakera, and had given him one blow when he jumped into the river, ana never rose again. During a recent heavy thunderstorm be tween Bandamba and Ipswich, two men were approaching a large gum-tree to take shelter, and were within ten yards of it, when it was shivered by lightning The concussion of the air knocked one of them down, but neither was hurt seriously. 