MISSIONS TO THE CHINESE. TUB BISHOP OF VICTORIA AT DALLAARAT. A public meeting was held on Tuesday evening, at tho Council Chambers, Sturt street, for the pur pose of receiving from the liishop of Victoria, (Hong Kong) a description of the slt.te of tho mission in China, and of tho dioceso of Victoria. The cham bers were well filled soon after the hoar advertised for the opening of tho proceedings, and soon after the business was opened, tbe place was densely crowded. The chiir was taken by James Oddie, Esq., Treasu rer of tho Ballaarat Branch of the Chinese Mission in this colony, and assembled around him on the plat form, were the Bishop of Victoria, tbe Revs Messrs Potter, Searle, and Biekfora, and Messrs W. H. Foster, and the Mission Agent, LoSatnYuen. The proceedings were opened by sinking the hymn commencing ''From all that dwell below tho skies, ' after which prayer was offered by the ReT. Mr Searle, incumbent cf St. Paul's, Ballaarat East. The Chairman, after a few introductory remarks, called on The Rev. Mr Bickford (V7.), who moved the follow ing resolution : — ' This meeting desires to express its great pleasure at the visit of the Right Rev. Dr Smith, the Bishop of Victoria (Hong Kong) to Ballaarat, and earnestly trusts that it may be made, through the blessing of the great Head of the Church, a means of awakening an increased interest on the part of Christians in the conversion of the pagan Chinese by whom thoy are surrounded, and a deep sense of their responsibility thereto.' He remarked that he had not recovered yet from the effects of the telegram just received, announcing the breaking out of war in Europe. He did hope aud trust Great Britain would remain neutral in the eonQict, and that then she might be called on to come forward and assist in giving to Italy a more liberal constitution, both political and ecclesiastical. (Cheers.) He was proud to be called on tD move the resolution, and waa pleased to assure Dr Smith that in Ballaarat he would receive a hearty welcome. Venerable in years and labora, as a missionary bishop all godly people ought to venerate him, and pray for his tuccess. Tho Chinese Mission in Ballaarat was not yet dead, and success had been reported to the Committee, and that large meeting argued well for its future support. He wished to say that the supporters of the Misiion were adverse to any special and oppressive legislation towa'.ds the Chinese colonists. Mr W. H. Foster (Chinese Protector), seconded the resolution. He had no doubt the remarks that would fall from the Itiu'ht Reverend Bishop would bo interesting, and he congratulated the meeting on tho opportunity thus afforded them of hearing at his handd. There was a large population, and the Chinese por tion was very ignorant, and tbe mission, therefore, should have our sympathies. The resolution was carried by acclamation. The Bishop of Victoria then addressed the meet ing. He renimed his sincere and hearty thanks for the welcome he had received by the meeting and the people of Ballaarat. He had come hither iu tho hope that he might be useful in raising a philanthropical interest in tho Chinese mission. China must ever be interesting alike to the man of letters, the statesman, and the Christian. Hi3 special business then was to roport oa the Ballaarat Chinese mission, and to make what suggestions ho thought might be useful with respect to the future management of the mis sion. Doubtless the bringing of tbe Chinesu hither was providential, and amid the new come rumors of wars, he trusted we should all see the band of God at work in all the changes taking place in the old world and the new. The advent of free trade was accompanied by the opening of the Californian and Australian gold fields. Since then a road has been opened to Japan. Now colonization was form- ( iug hero the nucleus of vast future empires, and who would say tha vicinage of China was not one of God's plans for the Christianin tion of that populous empire. He believed God meant that the contact of the two races should do away with the prejudices so long existing, and open the way for the better civilization of China. He would not meddle with our local politics at all. A. resilience of fifteen year in China had assured hira that the people were a kindly and loyal people, and well able aud re:;dy to appreciate all acts of kindness and sympathy. The patriarchal system of government extant in China made obedience and kindliness a habit as it were : and nowhere else was there more filial piety to be recognised. The interior of a Chinese family was a beautiful sight. Old cge and parental authority were venerated and obeyed there with greater deference than anywhere else ; and even we might learn from them in these respect3. Tho permanency of her institutions might be taken as a fulfilment of the promise at tached to the fifth commandment. Tine, her Go vernment was despotic, but a democratic element was extant there nevertheless, and was growing too. Tho Press had a substitute there. But the preva lence of secrei societies in China was a great evil. Springing from tho advent of the Manshou dynaBty, i some of those secret societies had l'mg existed, but now they seemed to have degenerated into mere secret organisations for mutual succor from the Jaw. But he did not believe we need fear such organisations here. Here thej were too glad to be under our equal rule to band together for any scoret purposes as at home. There might be occasional inconvenience found from their esprit de corps which led them sometimes to hide one another from arrest when the laws had been infracted. China had anticipated Great Britain for several centuries in manv literary matters, particularly in reference to competitive examinations for all officers of the State, The putting up of offices for sale had become a great evil, and that evil had been increased, necessary though it was from want of fuud.s in the public treasury, b- tho heavy indemuity imposed on tho Emperor by the British iu tho late war. Litera ture flourished in China, but the emigrants who came hither were poor and illiterate. The res angusta domi forced them iiither, and they should be receivod with sympathy and kindness. Old and decrepid parents were supported often from the proceeds raised by the emigrants here. The discoveries in the arts and sciences in ? China were many of them anterior to those in Europe, but no correspondent advances had been made by the Chinese peo, le. They seemed to stand still with the inventions they had had for so many conturie', as for instance, the compass, block print ing and gunpowder. Theology in China was rather & system of political ethics atter Confucius than a system of morals or religious duties. That sage seemed to teach that as people were not perfect iu knowledge of the things of this world it was utterly useless to bother about the next world ; but there ssemed to be a partial recognition among the people, of the principles of natural theology. Buddhism had, however, overrun the whole empire, and that, too, by the means of the TreHs. The tracts dis tributed by Buddhist mendicant priests had mainly eflected this ; and in that fact he trusted that he saw the ground for hopa for tho spread of Christianity over all that land by a similar agency. There was but little religious feeling in China. The worship of tho ancestral tablet was the chief religious sentiment among the Chinese people. But there was no religious veneration there, for on their holidays they would bring their gaming tables into use everywhere, even amid their chief re ligious observances. The worship of their ancestois, however, was a most tender a'id deeply-rooted super stition, and no missionary ought to forget that, or too harshly attempt to overthrow the practice, till he Bhould be able to build up something beiter in its place. Adverting to the civil war in China, the Bishop dwelt upon tbe sufferings experienced iu con sequence, aud the many cpiso;lical evideuces given of the moral influence of tho missionaries, and tho good feeling of tha inhabitants towards foreigners. Iconoclasts sent, as they Enid, by heaven to set up Ti Ping Won the King of Peace, the in surgents fought, thiough a bloody war to get rid of tbe°Tartar dynasty, and set up tho regal and pacific Ti Ping Won. Then there were sub or assistant kings, one of whom claimed to ba a brother of God, another a son-in-law, and auother the Holy Ghost tho comforter, Most frightful had been tho destitu tion brought about ly t'.iu war, and great facilities had been aliso opened up in Amoy and elsewhere for the spread of Christian truth ; so he would hope that the great Ti Ping rebellion would prove to be a Means of Chinese enlightenment. Mo3t impolitic would it be for any British plenipotentiary to lend any aid to the t fl'ete dynasty of China. Anarchy waB spread 07cr all tha land, tbe Jaw was powerless, and a complete social chaos prevailed everywhere. He had no doubt that some ot the emigrants hither came on that account. Nino-tenths of the Chiuamen here were from See Yep, or ' the four districts,' and the rest from Ma Kaw ; the former being a rural agri cultural district. It was te be hoped that, tho re turning emigrants would carry a good report with them of our laws and manners, aud so tend to con ciliate the Chinese towards foreigners generally. Tho Caiitoneso were especially inimical to foreigners, aud they might b9 favorably acted upon by returning gold diggers, with what there would bo considered jreafc fortunes. We Bhould remember what the Chinese wer nnd bear with thepi iu a spirit of candor and sympathy. Referring to Lo Sam Yuen, the Mission Agent in Bailarat, the Bishop spoke in terms of highest eulogy of that person for his fide lity and Christian zeal. Ho had licea six years in thejcollega of St. Paul's, in Hong lvouji, and had tho highest credentials ns a missionary ; but ho should be looked upon as now isolated among strangors, and while treated with kindness and prayerful sympathy, the friends of missions should see that there was a danger of the Agent falling down in a slate of listless apathy. To prevent this, they should do all they could to assist him by their presence in his visits to his Pagan fel low-countrymen. There ought to be an European sent to Hong Kong to learn tho language, in order that he might come back here to act as a Superintendent of the Mission. A man of mental powers and good physical stamina should be sjlee^ed for this work. &? corresponding emigration agency should be esta blished between Hong Kong and the places of debark ation here- By this means the missionaries in Hong Kong could be communicated with in tracts, and let ter! of introduction could be distributed among the emigrants. With him, ia the ship he went to Syd ney in, some eighty Chinamen had come, nnd had gone overland to Victoria, to evade the capitation tax. Lo Sam Yuen would have it that no fewer than 100,000 of hiB countrymen were here, the capi tation tax returns notwithstanding ; but Chinamen were rather loose in matters of arithmetic. Ho would suggest that returning immigrants should be furnished with letters to him. Under tho now tieaty access was possible to tho interior of China, and ho trusted to see tho mission cause revive and spread, by the distribution of the missionaries at present pent up iu the consular ports. He had recently administered the right of confirmation to above forty at Hong Kong. In conclusion, he expressed the hope that the colony of Australia would be blessed as a means of spreading a knowledge of the truth among the millions of China and tho East. | The reverend speaker - then resumed his seat amid loud applause. . | A collection was then made, during whioh Lo Sara Yuen . cams forward and essayed n small good humored speech in English, hut speedily breaking down, retired to his seat. He came forward again, however, at the Bishop's instance, nnd repeated in Chinese the first five verses of the VII. chapter of Matthew. The Rev. Mr Searle then rose to move a vote of thanhs to his Lordship the Bishop for his visit. He deeply regretted that his visit was not for days and weeks, instead of for a few hours only, for ho was a true apostolic missionary of the Church of Jesus Christ. He trusted the Bishop's appeal on behalf tbe Chinese would not be lost upon us. They had not come here to be the object of scorn and jibes and contumely among bad men and boys, who too readily imitated the examples of their elders, but to be treated with Christian love aud sympathy as fellow | creatures. Tho Bishop had said the Chinaman responds to ' sympathy. Then let us frown down the petty tyrannies practised upon theso strangers by too many of the European population. He was sure the Bishop would say that the best thanks we could give him would be to adopt bis ad vice, and come forward to help on the cause of mis sions to tho Chinese, until to them all had been made known the unsearchable riches of Christ, Mr Lynn seconded the vote of thanks in a few ap propriate words, wishing his Lorship a rapid restora tion to health and a safe return to his diocese. The Rer. Mr Potter, incumbimt of Christ's Church, supported the vote, and congratulated him self and the meeting on the presence of the Bishop here, in connection with tbe forms and vsages and doctrines of tbe Church of England. The Chairman put the motion, which was re sponded to by the crowded meeting rising and chhering. The Bishop briefly acknowledged the vote, after which the doxology was sung, the benediction was pronounced, and the meeting broke up. The amount collected during the meeting was £14 Is, which, with £13 5s 6d collected on Sunday, ' makes a total of £27 (5a Gd. — Ballaarat Star . 