noca! aug <gftirrai Neu»?. ; The letters bf ^I^erieT and «A Suf- ferer/' -^0l%é^tàiWàà',im'S»aÛi page. ;TÄB ;GH£RÚ* IÎÀMER THEATRE.-Th» pUytrf^ÓÍPf^!^*:^'"" »Weh Shak« perian criuWbàve späht more lime and labor than anyÄhef; nor hare they decided upen its qualities much to tljtír satisfaction, for so manv dîflfe«ent*8Ûmaié8 hare been formed cl the iharaetfer oí Handel himself as fully i0 justify the?.*WitU-of iBulirer Lyttou'a well, known lines " From eyes profane a veil the leis screens, And fools on fools, «till ask-what Hamlet .means.'" On Friday night last Mr Warner played the character of th'eTrioce of Denmark, and io our minds his version-though many paru of it by no"means coincided with our o«n peculiar views-is fairly entitled to resp.tt, as the production of one who had studied deeply and well From first to last it wag evident th t Mr Warner did not accept eg true the vulgar notion that Hamlet was legiti- mately a philosopher, but rather a philoso- phise. Indeed the latter's assurance to Horatio that the earth contained much not dreamt of in " our philosophy," ee- uis to imply that' Ive vas à man who had thoughts not to be set down in bocks, and containing far icore of passion, than reason. Beyond this, Mr Warner's general conception of the character differed little from that of the actors of the day. In matters" of detail, however, we must con&ss; we never saw him to much more advantage.. One jbf "the principal na- tural deficiencies he has to encounter is an immobility of feature, a lack he frequently endeavors to supply by a deliberativeness of action not always in keeping with bis as- sumed character. On this occasion, however, Mr Warner seemed to depart from this custom, and with gestures most natural and bec 'ming, spoke the text with great force and accuracy. If we must mention a fault we Diav mark our discontent at a desire on Mr Warner's part to express too much, and do more than becomes him. Asan instance of this wc may say lhat we hardly think it con- sistent f^ir Hamlet to faint wi:h emotion at the disappearance of the Ghost in the first act, and then, after rising (as if he had not thought of fainting before) repeat the familiar words , " Hold, hold, my heart, And j ou, my sinews, grow not instant old, But bear me stiffly np." For faults like these Mr Warner well atoned in tbe third act; In the noble soli- loquy on suicide (so condemned by poor Goldsmith), the subsequent scene with Ophelia; the play scene; the rebuke to GuUdersiein »ai Bosenerants; and lastly, the famous scene with the queen-mother, he acted "? with great energy and judgment, begetting an admirable . temperance even in the whirlwind of bis pas- sion, which never outstepped the modest] of nature. We Cannot carry out oui criticism at much greater length, but hop. we shall see Mr Warner again in the part since his improvement in it has become sc decided. With our remarks on Mr Wama our praise must almost cease. Mr Graban aa the Ghost waa very deficient. The part ii a memorable one (for did not Shakeepean himself play it?) and it is a. time honoree custom to avoid the possibility of bad elocu- tion, by delivering the speeches in an impres- sive monotone. This Mr Graham did noi do, and his elocution not being up to th« mark, the result was that he failed. Of Mist St. Clair's Ophelia we will say nothing, foi we understand she was not cast for the par) but took it at the last moment. The othei parts were sustained with moderate success, but still, oh the whole, we are anxious for a repetition of the play. On Saturday night the house was crowded to witness Mist Provost's impersonation of Camille. Thc piece was very successful, but beyond thc introduction ot some excellent scenery by Mi Hohnes, there was nothing to distinguish ii from previous representations. " The Wife* will be performed this evening, Miss Frovosi playing Mariana, and Mr Warner Julian Si Pierre. THEATRE Ho TAI. - There waa a fol house at this place on Saturday night, sari in the dress circle. S tal Iß, pit, and gallen were crowded, and the side boxes were wei filled. The performances consisted of a nev piece entitled " Gwynneth Vaughan * o: '. The Welsh Mountain Maid," followed b; the extravaganza, " The Sleeping Beauty.' " Gwynnetb Vaughan " is a little comedy simplecnoughin plot, if plot one may say then is at all, and not without a lew improbabihtie in detail; but is one of the " owre true" tales O thwarted love battling with floods of sorrow and at last reaching the haven of reconcilia tion and fruition. And the delineation of th heroine by Mies Dann was one of her bet effo. tF, powerful in its pathos and fervor, ani fascinating in its tenderness and exquisit finish. " Gwynnetb Vaughan ** is evidentl; well adapted to this promising young adrea The tale ia shortly this- Gwynneth Yaughat (Miss Dunn), is the motherless daughter < Farmer ? Vaughan (Mr Bay), and ha beeu brought up by Hame Williams (Mi« Glyndon) with her son Owen, (M O'Brien) who, with bis schoolfellow Eva Pritchard (Mr Milne), is in love witi Gwynneth, Owen being tile favored lover. Th unfavored lover makes the favored one be lieve Gwynneth does not love him, and afte a lovers' quarrel Owen goes to sea, is ship wrecked, and is supposed to be dear Whereupon Gwynneth becomes mad, wit M asting intervals of reason, her matine* being a sweet dream of Owen's return " wit the return of the flowers in Spring." Seem lier fading away the traitor Jivan is pierce with remorse. Owen at length appears. Sb hears his voice in one of her dreams, recQg nises him when awake, and the curtain fall as Gwynneth and Owen indulge In the bliss < reconciliation. While all this is going o there is alternating with its scenes a corni cally unromantic love passage between Hug Horgan (Mr Dunn) and Lyddy Bryce (Mi Bay) who, with Hugh's old uncle, Marga Morgan (Mr Bogers), an old sailor, seem t have no earthly connection with the o thc portions of the piece,- but keep the house in tensely amused with then-drollery. Of Mit Dunn's Gwynneth Vaughan we have airead spoken, and we will only add that we liked i so well that we hope to see it again. Th beauty and force of her expression of hear stricken Constancy as. sbe asks, on -.va kin from her wandering moments, "Do I speak < him when I'm mad as if I loved bim ?" on her reply wheu told that she does thus spea of him, I am so glad-ob, I am gladP' wei such as hushed the house, and sent .abroa one of those liule epidemics of playhoui opthalmia which mark the power of the aclu; Then tbe naturalness and melting pathos < her love-lorn insanity as she hears the so strains of distant music, and, as if feelir ofter the vision she dimly sees, seems to pier« through the' mist of her sorrow, and scan more. than whispers, " He is coming, knew'be would com* when the flowers we come again/' were evidence of a wonderful mature smuy, or an intuition mo lees wonde ful in its accuracy of expression. But we ai forgettiiigpureelve%audmuEtpaEsonfirom tbi the tool of tb« queerly consiructedlitlle dram Miss Glyndon*s Höne Williams was esme lently Veil rendered throughout, and wi well appreciated too. -Sir^O'Brien as Ou* Williams fini Mr Milne as JEran Pritehat had really more subordinate parts tW» thc charact^woni^seein te They poi trick about these gentlemen to accord .with our ideal of -the troé'' àctOT.î ;ldr;<raraen, in the hist scene, 6ôwèrèr,^'noTtgin% of either trick br exaggeration. Mr Bogers as old Morgan Morgan of H. M. S. Busuflos, enacted the pigtailed, qmd-roUing, land- lubber despising oki salt very well mdeed. There was in it but little if any of that i pre- posterous caricateru* which generally makes the stage sailor so ridiculous. A veritable sailor was evidently before ns, and the grim- ace and pantomime of. the part were emi- nently fruitful of merriment..?Mr. Donn's HughMorgan and Mrs Bay's Lyddy Pryce were very well played, if the improbabilities of their situation at times could-be lost sight of. We would, however, remind Miss Lyddy Pryce that the proper Welsh hat is a lettie higher in the crown than hers was, and that a white coquettish frill is generally worn underneath by "Welsh mountain.maids.", There was a good romping country dance, and altogether the piece was well played and well liked. " The burlesque, as we haye inti- mated, concluded the entertainment very successfully. APPOINTMENTS. -From Friday's Gazette: Bobert Haywood, E*q., to be a trustee of the Sivings* Bank at Ballarat; Henry Dividson, E«q-, to be chief cl?rk in the Surveyor-Gene- ral's office, and secretary to the Board of Land and Works, promoted from the office of senior elf rk in charge of laud sales. ATTEMPTED-ESCAPE FROM PENTRIDGE. Between five and trix o'clock on Saturday afternoon, as the Yeomanry Cavalry were exercising in the vicinity of Pentridge, they were suddenly called on by a party of excited warders to come and assist in recapturing six prisoners, who had escaped from the stockade. The cavalry acquiesced, and joined in the pursuit, They succeeded in recapturing five of the runaways. Four of them were wounded by gunshots, but whether fatally or not we have been unable to ascertain. Up to half past eleven o'clock last night, no official in- formation ofthe occurrence bad been received at any of the police stations in town. He'-aid. THE GOVERNOR AND THE WORKING CLASSES.-Last evening, a monster meeting took place at the Olympic Theatre, in order that the trades now on strike on the railways might give an explanation of their conduct to the public. Some 2,000 persons were cre- sent, and the speech of the Governor in Sun- bury was a matter of much animadversion. A full report appears in our columns. Herald. MEETINO OF WOBJTJNO CLASSES.-A great public meeting was held at the Olympic Theatre yesterday evening, "to protest against the abuses existing on the public works of the colony, as well as to expose the marble job, and set the masons and other trades now ou strike on the railway works right with the people." The resolutions generally pledged the meeting to support the men out on strike, and to resist every attempt to alter the daily hours of labor from eight to teu. The Government were severely censured for their conduct in reference to the railway contracts, and the contractors themselves wi re charged with a breach of faith, in that tiley made certain arrangements with the masons at the commencement of the new lines of railway, and .have since violated those ar- rangements. Tile meeting was unanimous and enthusiastic ju ita denunciations of the Govern ment. -Age. THB BENCH IN NEW £OUTH WAXES.-The judicial bench of New South Wales is about to lose one of its brightest ornaments in the perron of the hon. Boger Therry, who, after a lung life spent in filling various offices in connection with tho administration of justice, is a'l.'tit io retire int) private life. The learned judge will carry with him the respect aud esteem, uot only of the members of the bar in the sister c dotty, but also the good >\¿L'C8 of u arly every member of the corn ?j^ ' .itv. He is to bu succoedt d by the qutn dum judge of Moreton Buy, Mr Justice Milford, who wiitin turn b . succeeded by the Attorr.py-General ofthe Cowper administra- tion, (Mr Lutwyche.) Mr Lutwyche, in the earlier part of his career, was a reporter. If our memory be not at fault, Mr Justice Tu rry was also a" pressman "-Age. THE RAn,WAT OPENING BALL.-The great fete in honor of the opening of the Mount Alexander Railway came off last night with unbounded eclat. Without exception it wat the most brilliant and enthusiastic gathering we have witnessed in this city. Not less than 2,<K>0 persons were assembled within the walls of the Exhibition Building, notwith- standing which very little inconvenience was experienced from over-crowding. The supper was ad libitum, and a splendid feast was spread around the galleries, while the body of the Hall was reserved for the dancers ; and dance they did, in spite of the intense heat, until an early hour in the morning.* His Excellency arrived arrived a little after eleven, and left shortly before one, his health having been heartily proposed and drunk by the assembly. His Excellency returned thanks from the dais near the entrance. The health of the contractors, Messrs Cornish & Bruce, was proposed by the Hon. Francis Murphy, Speaker, and drunk with three times three. The decorations were of the usual kind, flags and evergreens, but at the east end the word "Railway" glittered in bright glass jets. The affair was altogether brilliant, and the beauty assembled such as to make us congratulate ourselves on the rvent and its occasion.-Age. INCREASE IN N. S. WALES ESCORTS. - Since the explosion of the Port Curtis hoax, a gradual and marked improvement has ta;:en place in the weekly receipts of gold at tlie Sydney Mint. For more than a year before that event, the weekly receipts seldom exceeded 4,000 ounces of gold; as a general rule, they were considerably under that amount. From recent advices, we learn that the yield for the week ending January 7, was 8,695 oz. 2 dwts. 23 grs. So far as our information goes, this improvement does not result from the discovery of new auri- ferous regions, but simply from the fact, that Victoria has furnished the older colony with- in the past four months, with a large body nf experienced miners.-Age. THE BURNS CENTENABY. IN MEIBOUBNB. \- A. meeting of the committee of the Burns f Vnu-N.'i.-y Festival took p.'ace yesterday after - II V II, in the Albion Hotel, Bourke straet. Dr Macadam occupied the chair, and about 20 gentlemen were present. Dr Macadim re ?>. Ttod that the arrangements were going on very satisfactorily ; that many gentlemen, including his Excellency the Governor, had expressed their intention to be present, and lo take part in the proceedings ; also that the place of meeting was not yet I'neci. It was resolved "That the closing of iii- sal- of tickets should take place on Fri 'V.v next, and not on Monday, as originally contemplated ; further, that the meeting stand adjourned until Friday next, at four o'clock, then to fix on the final arrangement." After considerable discussion on a proposal to ex- clude the ladies, on account of the the expense, and the impossibility of procuring a more suitable room than the Exhibition Building, it was rejected, and finally resolved "thatladies be admitted gratuitously, and that suitable refreshments be provided for them."-Age. KAPUNDA Mtpwr.-g.-We have been in- formed by a practical mason named Brierly, an "U r-sident in the colonies, that some three years sines he was engaged on a job at Ascot Farm, belonging to Mr Francis Tran- ter, about three miles from Kapunda, S. A., wh -re he constructed a flight of steps of a fine sort ot' marble, .of which there ivas a large quantity on the estate. It is of a white ap- pearance, interspersed with blue veins, and would, he considers, if properly worked pre- sent a very handsome appearance, and be very durable. As the railway is now opened for a considerable distance between Adelaide and Kapunda, it is worthy of consideration «belber an immense outlay might not be spated by procuring the atone for oar Parlia- ment Houses from thence ; while we should in addition, encourage an important branch of colonial lndustty. At Port Lincoln, nine years previously, Mr Brierly quarried a large quantity of a mouse colored marble with yellow veins from that neighborhood, which he thinks would poliah very well.-Bendigo. Advertiser. Toan expressed as to ^xee^^rirfßie^eB i «America juâ^F^ ' ously displayed onäheiroof of the ISdbonrne and Murray River Bailway, ai; the celebra- tion ot yesterday, wlnle tiieÄitish emblem was of Hie meanest dimensions, and scarcely ?visible, «rea under the closest mvestigaiion. We vere glad to see that the Messrs Westby and other mocantile^firms did much to eup ply what bas been, assumed aa omission "on the part of our authorities.-Age. THE CAMP RjffiEKTO,iGAWÍMAtírB.--On Tuesday afternoon the' camp reserve -pre- sented a scene of great bustle and excite-, 1 ment. News arrived ai three pan. that the Government had granted the- desired per- mission to mine the ground, and the intelli- gence spread like wildfire. A general rush among the five hundred men on the spot immediately took place, each one running to peg off"Iiis claim ss if the devil was .going to .take thènindmost. " So great was - the ' ex- j ritem èht, that your^correqiondent,. im-getting i that there wtere^such things as shicers, jwas only preVenteiSom marking out a claim by the' fact that he had no tools with which to do it. Some «musing incidents happened, several diggers in the race which took place to plant their pegs, having tumbltd : and planted, not their pegs, but their noses, in terr m firma. Despite these contretemps the ground was staked off in a few. minutes, and divided into squares and rectangles with a sapidity which would have astonished sprue, of our local mathematicians Jiad they bren there. The activity displayed by the dig- gers in commencing work contrasts strongly with the apathy shown by the Government in so lung withholSing permission to mine a piece of ground which is likely to afford profitable employment to some hundreds' of men with- out any injury to public and private property. Five o'clock, Wednesday.- Oar reporter informs as that but few holes hare been bottomed on the flat, and in-those that have, gold in payable quantities has not been ob- tained. Near the creek one hole is said to have got 3 dwt to the tub. M. st ofthe huies wfll be bottomed early. Several shicers have been sunk on the reef extending from the Post-office Bridge, »nd about 30 yard« from the creek. There was a rumor of half aa ounce to the tub in one place, but this is unauthenticated.-Castlemaine Advertiser. BENEFIT TO ALLAN M'KEAN.-Allan M'Kean, the pedestrian, had a benefit on Thursday, at the Olympic Theatre, which was well attended. The entertainment con- sisted of walking, jumping over hurdles, Ethiopian minstrelsy, and improvised rhym- ing; the latter being decidedly the feature of the evening. M'Kean walked as if he were commencing the first mile of a maiden effort at performing a 1000 miles in a 1000 hours, instead of being little more than a week off the second completion of the herculean task within four months, never before as far as our knowledge goes done by any one man with such a short interval. A handsome gold watch and chain were presented to him by some American friends.-Herald THE DEFENCE COMMISSION.- Mr Punch has seen the private report of this commis- sion; which differs in some respects from that which has been printed in the public journals. A militia is to be raised at once. Mr Duffy is to be Commander-in-Chief To this Punch objects. Duffy's military career has not been conspicuous for its success. The 1848 affair, Punch is willing should be buried in oblivion. But Colonel Gavan led thc irish Brigade for many a day, without gain- ing any laurels, and eventually deserted its ranks. The report mentions, that two other appointments are in contemplation. Mr O'shanassy is to command " The Kilmore Fencibles," while Mr Ireland is to take the Captaincy of a troop of Amazons, which he himself has undertaken to organize on Bal- larat.-Melbourne Punch. STATISTICS OF CRIME.-The commitments for murder in England are : lu a million of the population .. 4 Belgium .. .. 18 Ir: land .. .. 20 France .. .. 34 Austria .. .. ..36 Lombardy .. .46 Tuscany .. .. 56 Bavaria .. .. 63 Sicily .. .. .90 The dominions of the Pope .. 113 Naples .. .. 174 