ROBERT HUNTERS GU03T. ( Concluded.) Now sball wo go ou my.v.ilylng the reader, or solve the secret ! It may be better to solve it, for apace i« growtug limited, as it was solved that night to Mary Anne and RiohurdThornyorofi. Tho ghost wns still in the churchyard, prowling about, and loukiog for her, thes ject it huil been looking lor nil along : but it was nut Robert Hunter's ; it was Robert Hunter himself ; for Robert Hunter was not dead. lio had been in London all the while they mourned him so, as much aUve as any of bin mourner.', quite t naonfoiuus that lie was lo lad upon as inurderod, and that the county coroner bad held an inquest on his body. ? A week since, he had oome dowu from Loudon to Coastdown, h id some in ►ecret, not caring to show himself in the neighborhood, »nd not diriug to show himielf to Richard or Iaaao Thornyoroft. His objeot was to obtain an interview with Alary Anne, but he re membered and respeoted his oulh to Richard, lie knew of a lonely hut, inhabited by a superan nuated fnherman, whero he cou'.d hide in the day, and he came down to it, taking- up liin station in the chnrohyard at dusk, which was iu the line of road to the Thornycrofta' hou39, and. only to theirs — and he w-s aware th\t Miss Thorpyoroft con stantly passed it at ihe eveniug hours, goin-{ or re turning from visiting. Not a very brilliant soheme, but Robert Hunter oould think of no better to obtain speech with her ; and it must bo recollected that he had sworn in that dangerous interview with Richard, when the pistol was held to his forehead, not to write to her. Tho old fisherman; of dim sight and failing memory, did not recognise his guest as being the gentleman he had once scm with Mim Thornycrolt. Thu*, Huuter lay hid Ihere in the day, aud never dreamt he could be taken for hia own ghost at night, for ho knew nothiug of th-) murder. . It was not often that the ohurchjard was passed at night, except by those going to or coming from the Red (Jourt ; and if Itobert Huuter h.is.ened to disappear when ho had once ascertained' that a passer-by was not Mary Anne, it was that ho might not be recognised and spoken to. His retreating pluce was under a sholv in if gravestone at the back of Ihe church, whero none would think of looking for hitu. ' A load was taken off the heart of Richard Thornyoroft when tbo night air brought to his ears suffloii'ut evidence that Robert Huuter wa» t\ living man. In the Dral blissful ihrob of the discovery, the thought that Btruck him was,- 'If . he is ulive, I am. no murderer.'.' He lushed forward, gained the Rj-ot where Mary Anno and Hunter Btood, jrasped the latter's hunds and .embraoed him — he, fhe eold, undemonstrative liiohaid Thornyoroft ! h», with all his dislike of Hunter ! 'I do nofc.uuderstand it, Hunter, '' ho whispered ; ' it is like .awaking from a horrible dream. If I shot you flown, how is it you are here 1' ' You never shot me down. Old Joe Parkas has been driving at some obscure tale, about youog Hunter being shot from tho heights, but 1 treated it as an old man's fancies. Mary Anne, too, is wearing mourning for me, she says, an£ came here to havo tpeech of my ghoit. I thought ghosts had gone out with the eighteenth oeutury.' ' Uome this way,', cried Mary Anne, who was shivering agaiu, and aaught hold of her brother's arm for support ; ?' let us go and sit down in tho churoh porch.' Thsy valked round towards it. It was on the side of the church, facing the Ked Court. The brother and eister placed themsolves on one benoh, and Hunter opposite: the moonlight streamed upon them, bat they were in no danger, there of being observed by any ch^noo passer-by. '? '1 hat night,' began Riohard, ' after you had gone away, what brought you baok again ?' '? Back wlitre V asked Hunter. ' Hack ou th'i plateau. Watohing the fellows from the beats.' ' I was uot thero. I did not come baok.' 'Why do you say that, Robert i' interrupted Miss Thornyoroft. 'I Bawyou there: I and Annie. We were oo'ming up to spaak to you, and got as far as the Round Tower.'' ; 'And, what was worse, I saw you,' eagerly broke in Richard. ' I was shocked at your want of faith ; I was maddened by yonr ba I feel in?, your obstinate determination to npy upon and b- tray us ; and I stood by the Round H use and shot you down.' 'I do not know what you are talking of,' cried Hunter. ' I tell yon I im'ercamn baok, neTer for ouemomeut. I got to Jplpoint bv half-past ten.' ' Did Cyril go there with you?' 'Cyril! of course not. Ho left me directly after we passed the turning to tho village here. I have been looking for Cyril, whilo I have been dodging in this churchyard. I would not huve mimled truetiug him, and I thought be would take a message to your pister. He was not so vio lent as you were, und I bslieve wished us wall.' 'We have never seen Cyril since that night, said Miss Thornyoroft. 'Not tseen Cyril,' Baid Hunter. 11 Where is ho ?' *? But wo are net unoasy about him,' said Rlohard, dropping his voioe. ' We expeo'. he went off iu the boats with the smugglers when they rowed back to tho ship that night, after tho cargo was run. Indeed, we ft el positive of it. My father ouee did the same, to the terror of my mother : 1 believe she had him advertised. But Master Cyril is taking a tolerably long spell ou tho French «oast.' 'Still you have not explained,' resumed Hun ter. ' What gave rise to the^ report that I was shot down?'1 '? Report 1' cried Richard, vehemently, his new found satisfaction beginning to Ude, as^Bober re collection returned to him. ' Somebodyfwfts shot, if you were not. Wo had thejaorouer's inquest on 1 im, and ho lies (buriedju {[this churchyard as Hunter.') ? 'But th« fcatureilejuld not hava been Kino,' dibated Hunter, ? ' The faco was desirDyei^. Ii had struck against tha rocks in falling, lint the drosi was yours ; o black dinner-suit, and ? By the way,' broke off Richard, '? what is this uiyst ;iy ? This coat, which you appear now to havM on, is at this in .ment in tho dtables at the Merauid ; and has beea, ever »1dco the ioq-icst.' Boos the reader notice that one word of Richard Thornycrnlt's? 'Appear.' Appear io havo on! Wan he Hthl doubling whether tho man before him was real? '(Oh, I {borrowed Flhis to come downlu,' was flunter'a answer. 'You never sent me ray owo. They aro exactly alike. I und a friend of mine had them made together. The weather iu London is mild now, und he was not wearing it, so he lent it to me. We are much of a size. Why did not mine come with the portmititeau.Mary Anne?' ' Wheu you left, that night, you had your coat with you,' she answered, more and more amar.?d. 'But I found it an encumbrance. I had taken , more wine than usual, which made me hot, and I !did not relieh the prospeot of curry iog it on my arm for five or six milci. So I begged Cyril to tako it back with him, and send it with Ihe port manteau ibo following morning.' Mary Aune Thornycroltsuddenly started, gapped, and laid her lace on her brother's shoulder, with a sharp, low moau of pain. He leaned for ward aad stared at Hunter, a pitiable expression of dread ou hi' coauienauce, as the moonlight set off Ills ghastly f«ics und stsiued-blaok lips. ' Cyril paid he was glad of it, and put it on, for he hail come out without one, and felt cold,' con tinued Hunter, carelessly. ' It fitted him oapi A yell, shrill and wild as that whioh had brokeu from the dying man in his fall, now broke from Richard Thornyoroft. 'Stop !'' he shouted, iu the desperation ol' anguish, ' don't you see ?' ' See what ?' demanded the at-tonished Iluater. i nave murdtrea my brother. ' It w»s too true. The unfortunate Cyril Thorny crolt, arrayed in Hunter's coat, had been mistaken by Richard for him, aud had been shot dead. There was no doubt lhat, in returning hoaie after partiug with Hunter, ho had gone to the heights to Bee whether tha work, which had been planned for that night with the smugglers, was being carried on, or wuetber the di-xovery made by Huuter hid eheoked it. Mary Aune also mistook him for Huuter. Alas ! it was tbe ooat that deceived them. It is certain the two young men were of the same height ami size, and the outline of their faces was not dissimilar; but it was tho oonspicuous coat, like none else, whioh had led to the fatal min take. Iu the broad light of day they might have deteoted Cyril's features, but it was impossible to do so amid the shades of night. A silence of horror fell upon the three. Richard had started up, aud his sister's face then sought a leaning pluce ag*iost tbe cold trellis-work. ' How was it you never wrolo to me?' ut length asked Robert Llunter, in u low voice. 'Had you done so, this mystery would have been oieared up.'' 'Wrote to you!'' wailed Riohard. 'Do you forgot we thought you were here !?' stamping his toot on the at.d of tbe churchyard, 'I can haidly understand it yet,' mused. Robert Hunter, Richard Thornycrolt turned aud touched his sister, ' Let us go hoae, iljry Aune. 'WO'have he^rd enough.' ... Without u word of dis^at or approval, she ro?o aud put her arm withiu Richard's ; her t'aoj while aud rigid, as it had been at the coroner's inquest. Huuter spoke then. ?' But. Mary Anue — what I wanted to say to you — I have not yet said a word of it.' 'I cannot talk to- night,' he shuddered, 'Come up to tho house '.o-morrow.' 'Yes; uuuie to-morro ,' repeated Riohard Thoruycroft. 'No necessity for coaoealmeut now. I abaolvj you irom your oath.' ' They walked out of the churchyard, Hunter standing still in the porch. His egress lay in an opposite direction, over u stile. Ho was preparing to leave it y.'heu hu saw Miss Thornycrou return ing. ' When I s.\id you might come to the house, I spoke without reflection, Roboit,' jshe said. 'It must not be. You mutt still be — iu this neighbor hood — as de*d aud buried.' 'Why? Far better to let them know I have not beeu murdered and set their suspioionj ut re3t.' ' That you have not, but that, another has,' she returned, re'eml'ally ; ' rake up thi m itler, and have a second inquest, and so set lham upon my unfortunate brother Riohard ! His punishment, as it is, will be suQlcientiy dread ful and lasting.' ' Mary Anu'c, you need not speak to me in that 'one of reproach. Von may be sure that I deeply sympathise and grievo with you ait. I will con tinue lo oonceul myself: but how shall I see you? One more day, and business will enforce my return to London.' '?I will see you hero, ?in this plaoe, to-morrow night.' 'At what hour?' ' As eoou as dusk oomes on. Say seven.' ' You will not fail, Mary Aune?' ' Fail !'' she repeated, vehemently. Then, in a quieter tone, as the would have walked away, ' No ; I will be sure to oome.' Robert Hunter grasped hor hand, as If 'to draw her towards hitn for a loviug embrace, but Miss Thornyoroft wrenched her hand awuy, with a half cry, aud walked on to joiu her brjther. 'Good uigbt, iie.tr Robert,' presently called out, in a gentle voice, as if to atone for her aVupt movement : bat oh ! what a mine of unguis a that voice betrayed ! ' II. She was trne ti her promise. The following night, bet'ero the moon wus up, Robert Hunter anil Mi;s Thornyoroft sat once more in the church porch. The night was very oold, but from a feel ing of considerate delicaoy, whioh she underst icd and ineutally thanked him for, ho. was without u greatcott. . He rightly judged that the only one he had with him could in her oyes ba nothing but an objeot of horror. What a day that had been at thS Red Court! i Mr Thoruyorolt had sat on the magisterial bench at Jutpoiirti, trying petty offenders, uuoonsoious that there was ft greater offender at his own hpuae demanding punishment. Riohard Thorjyorott ielt inclined tu proclaim the truth aud deliver himself up to justice. The remorse whioh had taken pos session of him was greater than ho knew 'how to bear, and it seemed that to expiate his offeuoo at the oriminal bar of his oouutry, would be more tolerable than to let it thus prey in silence on his vials. Consideration for his father aud sister; for their honorable refutation, alone withheld him. Ho aud Cyril had been fond brothors. Cyril, of delicate houlth and gentle manners, had been, as it were, the pet of tho robust Justioe aud hia ro bust eider sons. At mid.day, Richard was iu his sister's room ; not sittiug ; he had never tat, or lain, or rested, siuce leaving the churohyard tha previous, night; but pacing about it in despair. Isiao, to whom the truth had been disolosed, was presont. At this dread consultation, every word ot whioh will lin ger in tbe remembranoe of the three, duriug lite, , Riohard decided ou hia future plans. To remaiu iu the neighborhood of tho fatul scene, ever again to look upon tho Half-moon, whero the body had lain, he ielt would drive him mad, and ho deter mined to leave it. The substance of this Miss Thornyoroft disolosed to Hunter. 'Isaac is driving him ov^r to Jutpoiut for the night tcaiu,' she added, ' and will go with him to London.' ' To return when 7'* inquired Hunter. ' I mean Richard.' ' 'Never agaiu,' she mournfully answered ; '? he ?has tfien' leave of us for tho last tim^. My poor fi'.her is brokyu hearted. It was a dreadful shoek to him, when he oatno homo this afternoou, to find his eldest and favorite son waiting to bid him farewell for ever. He has always liked Riohard best : pt-rhaps beoause'he partakes moro of his own free, daring nature. They did not dis- j close to him the awful secret about Cyril, They said Richardhud fallen into a serious scrapo, whioh could only be kept quiet by his leaving the neigh- j borhood l'.-r o few years, aud begged him not to j inquire particulars, for that the less said about it i the better. And so they parted. ' I ' Aud will Riohard remain iu London?' 'lie gees to Australia. I thought I said so. But my head is confused to-night. Hewitl tuko tho 1 first ship tfeat sails. Ob, Robert!'' she added, in a tone ot sutl'eiiug, '? what a secret this is lor ire and Isaac to carry with us through life !' ' It is indeed ! But time will sootho it to you, ? for you aro both inuoccul.' 'Time will never soothe it to me. My poor brother Cyril ! so ltiud, so iaoffeusive as he'was to na all ! I' never had words with him as I had with Richard and Isaao. And to be hurled away unpro- . pared!' \- She raised her bands mi eonqeilel- hvr fao?, at if the would hide us (.tribulation from Ihe d .tic night. ' And what a^cuxuer is before po -r Ri chard I'' s :e coutinueJ tr- *ail.-. 'My heart bleeds for him,; guilty though he is. Remorse and an guish to the end of bis daysl remorse and at- guiib!' ^ IVibatt Hunter drev b'r hands from her face, aud/ keeping th -n ;n hi?, sit down by her. Uituer to he had biun Handing. ?' '1 ime is wealing on, V.ary Anne. May ray what I oatne down from town to say } Though it pains too to enter iipon it now you wo ia this grief!' ' What is H, Robert ?' 'I have had a situation offerei'mo abroad: ia the Kast : and I ii tvo accepted it. It 1« to super intend tbe form -t:ou ot a railway. It will keep me there for flvj years at least. The appointment: is excellent in. a pecuniary point of view, belter * than 1 thought would tall to my share for years tu come, aud t'ie climate is good. Iu two months wj shall take our di- parlure for it.'. 'Yes,' she auswored, in a tone of the utmost apathy. ' What elso 1' ' Is there need to tell you, Mary Anne ? Can you not perceive what brought ma dowu— why I oould begin no preparations until I had obtained speech of you?-' 'No,' she repeated in tbe same abstraotcd tone, as if her miud were dwelling on other things. ' Mako haste, Robert ; I must be gone : I om beginning to shiver. I have tt«3o shivering tits often now.' 'I want you to go with me, my love,' he whis pered, in an accent of deep tenderness. ' I oama down to urge it, but now that this UDfortunata uil'air has happened, I wouid doubly urge it. Ai my wife, you will forget ? ' 'Be quiet, Robert !' she impetuously interrupted, 'you cannot kno»v what you are saying. You and I, of all people in the wot Id, must live apart. Wus th^a what you had to say V 'I thought yuu loved me,' he exolaimed, tj'ilta petrified at her words. '? 1 did lovo you : I do : if lo avow it will do any good now. But this dreadful sorrow has placed a oarrier between us.' 'Mary Aune Thornyoroft 1 You snrely 'ara uot- so b'ind, so unjust, as to lay its blame to my door?' ' Listen, Robert,' she returned. ' I am not so uujast as to blame you for tho murder, but I can not forget that you hava beeu tbe innooeut oausij of it : you and I.' 'You!' * ' Yes. 1'. Wheu my father heard that I had in vited you down, he canto lo me, and forbid me to ? let you come. I see now why. He did not want struugers in his house, who might see more thnu was expedient. lis commanded tne to write and -top you. I disobeyed. 1 thought ho spoke but in complianoo with a whim of Richard's : aad I would not write. Had I obeyed him, all this would have been spared. Agaiu, when you were here, whea we spoKe about what tho supervisor said, that there were smugglers abroad, my father ordered us. you especially, uot to interfere. Had you obeyed him to tke letter, Cyril would have been alivj now. Theda refteotious hauut mo continually. No, Robert, you nnd I must live apart. If I were to marry you, I should expect Cyril to riso reproach fully before me on our wedding day.' 'tOh, Mary Aune! Believe mo y ou see matters in a false light. If-——' 111 i wiii not duetts-lit,' she peremptorily inter rupted. 'it would bj of no avail, and Isbuiner wttile I speak. Do you forgive me, Robert, if I cause yeu pain. Nothiug iu the-world, or out of it, Bhall over induce me tu become your wife.' '? Is this your lixed determination ?' he asketi, in a low, grating tore. ' Fixed and uualteruble. Fixed 'as those stars above us. Fixod as Uvril's grave.' ' Then nothiug remuina for me but to return, ' he gloomily said. 'And the sooner I start tha better. Farfc you welt.' She pat her hand into his, and, ovoreoms by tha dread uuguisn ut tier heart, suffered him to draw har to his breast. None can kuow what thut anguish was, even of Ihe parting. He held her to him and soothed her sobs, now with a loviug word, . now with a gentle action ; bat ho nsed no argu- ' ' ment to induce her tu rmraot her determination. He knew Mary Auuo Thoruycroft, and knew that it would ba ussicts. 'Oh, Robert, strive to forget me,' she mur mured. ' Wo have beeu dear to caoh other, bit you must find unother now. Perhaps we may rne.it ag*iu onoa more in after life : when you are a happy mau with wife aud children !'' . lie supported her lo the churchyard gate, aul ?uvtched her as she turuod to her homo. Aut) so they parted. Robert llunter retraced his st«p» to the churchyard, and from behind a gravoitoat1, where he had laid them out of sight, took up b'ti little black ti'ivolliug bitar, and tho coat, the coun terpart of which had proved so unlucky u ooat fur the Thorn 7orofts. Tnon he-set off to walk to Jut point, avoiding tho village road by means of a by path, as he bad set off to walk that guilty night some weeks before. Thero is little more to tell. Richard Thorny. croft departed for Australia, and the' mysteries of the Red Court-wet o never agaiu enacted. Lon^ aid parsevenngly aid Supervisor Kyue look out for ' the smugglcts; muiy and mdu'y a uight did h« exeroise his eyes aud his patienoe on the edge of that bleak plateau : . but they came no more. Old Air Thotoycroft, deprived, he hardly kiwvr lunv, his sona, lived ou, at the Red Court, a disappointed man. Not that he oared to make more money ; he had pleuty ; but he loved adventure, and his oc cupation was gone.: His daughter retaaineil wits him, growing more grave and sad, day by day . Isaac Thoruycroft was the only one of tne family whoso fortunes turned out happily. He married Cuptaiu Copp's nieoe and settled iu London, where he entered into legitimate busiues'. Whilo tha whole ueighborhood ui' Ceistdown is, to this hour, under a clear und immutable persuasion- that thu ghost walkH in the churchyard : and Captain Copp whilo taking hh glass iu tho parlour of the Mer maid, never fails to descant upou the nnrvols of that night, whan he and that woman servaut of his (who, he adds in a parenthesis, is undauuted enough for tx she-pirate) naw with their own four loss eyes, the spirit of Robert Hunter. 