HTSTEEIA AND REVIVALS. I was myself present, in a . Presbyterian Mooting House at prayer, offered with the most frenzied excitement and gesticulations, that God would then and there descend and strike all tbe unconverted to the earth. That prayer wae aocompanied throughout by a storm of cries and groans, and exclamations and amena. all hsviDE the true hysteric Bound. This was tbe most frightful scene 1 have witnessed in my life , at the awful moment of Ibe command to tbe Almighty ro come down and fLtiko, it waa perfectly terrific. No such soene could be permitted in any Bedlam on earth. Presence at such a prayer could be redeemed frail guilt only by the purpose of warning I have many temhie recollection* -.f lire, but this prayer is the most frightlul of them all. There can be no doubt that in the places of worship which have become famous through their bysterical cai-eSj or in which hy-teria is prayed for, Ibe production of it is an object desired and aimed at in the preaching. One sermon which I heard impressed me forcibly with the conviction that ibe preacher bad carefully studied how hysteria miyht be produced. An account may be as instructive to otheis as that lemon was to mo. The preacher's natural qualifications ap peared to be hut small. Hie voice *?? naturally good, and like his action, appeared to bave tttep carefully studied ; bis tones were unnitural, as if tbe peculia cry of hysteria bad been taken as a model He did oot appear possessed either of intellectual or sympathetic power. He reminded me qf Ftiuchteisleben'e description of hysterical men — '.' for the most part elfemiDate.' . . It was on the parable of Dives and Lazanu. There was nothing of tlie love of ChriBt, uor of the guilt of sin; there was nothing to awaken oousclenoe; hell, h-e-ll, h— e— II— wak the one cry, and the sole object aimed at was to produce a sensation of intensified torture, Or physical self feeling. Bema-kable as tbj» sermon was for the. paucity and smalliiess of ideas, it could not he wholly without ideas.jbui, passages were. After tbe part above described 'Ame a passage in which ' the existence of Dives.' and 'endless darattan,' were sot together, repeated again, transposed, reversed, inverted with ibSBite variety and art, until nothing in the nature of an idea to occupy th,e mind remained — nothing but the prolongation of the physical self feeling of agony. Thb part of the sermon struck me ai the mort labored and studied piece of composition 1 ever listened to. The skill Bhown in the wording was great, and the whole object of the study appeared to be tbe elimination of every idea or thought. It waB evidently here the chief labor of preparation had been bestowed ; and it was precisely here, 'here every idea had disappeared, that the preacher bestowed the whole force of voice, and ' one, and eeslnre— -a la t which I had observed Id other sermons before. Accustomed to reflect on every intellectual excitement, and evciy true emotional feeling hy which hysterical act in cm be counteracted, I had eat down to watch and track the process by which hysteria can bo produced. P- wisely as I expected, when all urnse and meaning was gone, the preacher had his b«se ai:d unmanly triumph in evoking a wild and long continued ?cream of hysteric agony, which, ae it rose more loud and thrilled more wild, did effec tually silence the preacher, mid left him stand ing in his pulpit with a most self-satisfied air, uutil her removal enabled him lo proceed. The thrilling oiy of agony — that cold blooded outiage upon the moral nature of woman— did awaken in me the strongest feeling of iniignation that has over filled my breast. Tlte preacher, before giving out his text, requested that tf any cases occurred, the con grugalion would he quiet, and leare it to the office-bearers of the church, who had made fall preparation for their reception. While the proacber was urging, with the pointing ol tbe hand h fore described. ' Your case is as bad as hell can make ii ,' a poor girl cried and fell. In reproving the excitement which lollowed, the preacher said, ' God is doing His work in that individual.' When the sermon closed, I obtained ' ad mission to the room tn which this girl had been carried, pursuant to the arrangement announced by the preacher. The room was email, and very narrow and still, ng — no air, no water was there. A more pitiable sight I never saw. Thia gill was about fifteen years of age, or, per haps, a year or two older; her frame wai weak and thin, her small hands stained and ground with ha|d wcrk, her skin uelicatB and transparent, her hair and eyelashes lonjjf and dark^ her neck marked with ecrolula, with a. highly intellectual face, seldom seen in ber class of life, except in weakly giile, and now made painfully interesting by tbe Unearthly expression of cataleptic hysteria; every move ment of the head and hands, every expression of the ooUDlernnco, every moan was markedly hysterical. She had previously been strag t ling and screaming; she was now quiet, .heir lips sometimes moving but inaudibly ; the bad spoken ol the devil catching souls to throw them into hell, prying, 'Awayl you shan't have mine;'— just the last impression made upon her failing mind. I learned lhat thia was the third attack that this poor girl bad had in a short time, each being more severe than the former ; so readily does the habit giow. I could have wept to see this Bad disease eupet added, tit the name of religion and the Holy Ghost, to a jtbb'r weak frame, a sciofulous habit, ana a life oF toU. She was seated on a form, reclining in the arms of a coarse young man, about twenty years of age. He was no relation of hens, being ignorant of her name or iehideho». fib seemed employed for ihe puiposo, and related with apparent glee that before we came Ih, It had taken all his slrebgth to hold her Ib he- st-tUSfetee. - this small room, ana Mtherea closely around her, were eight or ten yoiitA women, some of whom (perhaps all) had lately been hysterical, and two or three yufing pien (not related lo ber) or .whom one at teaat haa been hysterical too. No elderly women was there, nor any elderly nun, except one who came in once or twice for a few mlnntea dminfc thb hom- #e toifaalded there. Just opbofiie, and touching her, ill ajjW who hadjone through thb same kino1 61 ofM versatiob two days before, and was now cijliik hysterically, tml quietly She was wejjdressea tor a mill glil, baying showy, bracelet Jktta several rings upon hei Angers, notwithstanding ber so leoent conversation. The young man who held tho patlintj«ia wait *Semed -qnlte itted to that employment, fiHUbeA -with pleasiire as be exhibited tb (It «£ Points of the bake, aba explained ttttlreattnelL —From Archdeacon Btopford'i Pamphlet, 