I CLUNES QUABTZ MINING COMPANY. ] A special general meeting of this company, convened by ihe manager, was held on Wed nesday, at the Clunes Hotel, the manager, Mr Kinnear, in. the chair. There were pre sent 54 of the shareholders, and the meeting, as a meeting of a mining company, was in comparably tho moat irregular and disorderly we have yet witnessed. A large section of the meeting appeared to entertain ft feeling of implacable antagonism towards the mana ger and the representative of the Port Phillip Company. That feeling seemed to manifest j itself in an absolute want of all confidence in j those officers, and even took the ludicrously absurd form, during a considerable por tion of the proceedings, of an incomprehen sible and clamorous objection to the ballot box ; that innocent, and, as modern political reformers, hold, most valuable medium of yoting being at one time in peril of the fire. The proceeding« lasted from two o'clock till half past six, when the chairman jabandoned the chair, and adjourned the meeting, amid the groans of the son-contents, till the next morning at ten o'clock. We append a very much abridged report of the proceedings. Mr Kinnear took the chair at two o'clock, a ba'.lot box being before him on the table, and said-He» are some of Mr M'Qoie'a andit reports for whoever wishes to have any. j>r O'Sullivan and others complained that the reports had not been earlier placed in the hands of the shareholders. " Tile Chairman eaid it was not hie fault. He had had them two days, and the rest had had them a few hours. ' - Mr H. -Smith intimated that he had- for warded them as soon as they came to hand from the printer. An onslaught was thea made upon the ballot box by several pf the shareholders, who said .they wanted no ballot box, but . would vote in the usual way. Mr Thompson said intimidation had been Used in the company, and he wished to have fair voting, to which he was «ure there could bono reasonable objection. A resolution had been passed making the ballot, when de manded, imperative; and that resolution could only be rescinded by a vote of two thirds of tiie Company. Dr O'Sullivan said they could either use or not use the resolution. The Chairman said he would read it. A shareholder said it had not been pul twice, so must bs put lo that meeting. The Chairman, after a little confusion had become partially allayed, said he hoped they would all mind their own interests as men of business. If tho ballot was demanded, he was prepared to enforce it. Dr O'Sullivan hoped there would be no personalities or recrimination. He had paid £108 for Iiis share, and had seen nothing for it yet,~and he wanted to know when the money was gone. He came for business, and hoped all would go On orderly, so that they might not be called a "rowdy mob" again. He hoped they would not let Mr Thompson use the word "illegal," for such should not be used. He wanted to know if the deed was there. It ought to be. A great docu ment that, and ought to be part and parcel of everr meeting. A passage of arms here ensued between the Secretary (Mr Eichmond) and Dr O'Sul livan, touching thc presentation of the deed. Tho Secretary at this stage read the ballot resolution, which bore date 21st July, 1857. The Chairman-Now let ns proceed to business. For several weeks the business of the company has been in arrears, and jawing to the committee lately chosen failing to make their report, they have become defunct, and the adjourned meeting lapsed. I think I am bound to exercise my functions as manager with firmness, and Ido not think it proper to take cognisance of the proceedings of that committee, but yet you can get at the f acte of that report I have called this special meet ing for the affairs of the Company. Dr O'Sullivan-Do you mean to say we are not to have our report ? The Chairman-That is the course I mean to follow. I should be sorry to see the com pany broken up, and if I see men taking a course I deem opposed to your interests, I will oppose it at every stage. Meetings have been held and reports have been published, but they were not meetings of this company, and I denounce them all. They have already damaged the value of shares, and if you thus go on, the value of [the properly of the com pany will be depreciated more. The auditors' report required a good deal of examination. There is so much party spirit and animus shown as to need enquiry. One man's name was made so prominent as if he had received everything. Facts have been garbled and perverted in thc report, so as to mislead the Company; for false hypotheses led to false inferences. Thus it is affected Mr Kinnear has received"too much, but the fact is that the labor contract returns and the personal returns axe misplaced. Dr O'Sullivan said the proper course was to call on the people to decide on a report they had not examined; but they will see there ie no show of wasteful expenditure or mismanage ment by their manager. I have not re ceived a shilling, save by accounts passed through the hands of the directors chosen by yourselves. Mr Martin-No, no; it is not so, sir. The Chairman (emphatically)-lt is so, sir. Mr Thompson said he was a perpetual director and had generally signed the cheques, because he was known to the bankers, and the bank would ¿ot deal with strangers. But he had signed no cheques eave by the order of the board. Mr Martin-You were not appointed by the Company. Mr Thompson did it for the convenience of the Company. It was no pleasant busi ness. The Chairman said Mr Thompson was appointed by their deputies, if not by them selves as a whole, and the bank would not honor their cheques or do their busi ness if the cheques were signed by different persons. So he could not mis- manage or mis-appropriate if he wished; no drive had been put in, or any operation engaged in but by the consent of the company. The expenditure was large, but all determined upon by the Board of Management; and what then became of the charge that he had wasted their funds? He found that the company had not been raising the ordinary quantity of quartz, and that was because the company liad been consulted as to the operations. Thus week after week passed away, and that business was not yet done. He would now go seriatim through the business, and the first thing to be done was the election of three directors. Mr Martin moved, and another share holder seconded-" Tliat this meeting do not proceed with the election of directors till the other business lias been disposed of." The Chairman-Gentlemen, I will not put that motion-I stand on my rights, and, according to the common civility accorded to a chairman, I will call on the business in the order I think best. (Oh, oh.) Dr O'Sullivan could not understand that. It was a general meeting, and a motion had been put and seconded, and he could not see that the chairman was right in refusing to put it to the meeting. (Mr Bradley, manager of the Union Bank, here entered and took a seat at the table.) The Chairman said their interim directors had consented to aot, but now the election j should proceed j and if the meeting sought to hinder the progress of the business ho was resolved to stand on his rights. He therefore j called on them to proceed with the election of officers. Dr O'Sullivan-We are not slaves. You have no right to treat us in that arbitrary manner. In all general meetings, resolutions duly_ proposed and seconded are put to the meeting, and that is the regular mode iu all civilised communities. Voices-We call on the Chairman to put the resolution. The Chairman-As long as I am your Chairman I will lay down the order of the business. Voices-The directors have always been elected last. Mr H. Smith proposed, and Mr Clark seconded-" That the election of directors be proceeded with forthwith." [Here a regular, "barney" arose, amid which the Clisirmnn declared he could not talk to half a dozen people at once, and that they should listen to Dr O'Sullivan/} Dr O'Sullivan-What right have yon to refuse to entertain the motion? You as Chairman owe that courtesy to the humblest shareholder. But to say-« Til not do this," and 'TU not do that," is treating us like slaves. Voices-Why, we aro treated uko a lot of serfs, and he is pretty well paid too. MrCustin-Mr .Chairman, do you mean to let any of the alluvial mob in i Voices-That ts pretty well too ; the «' alla vial mob" put you on your legs, anyhow. The Chairman would not exercise his veto unless he thought the person returned was an improper one, and he hoped all would see the propriety of his doing so.. Dr O'SulhvanrJJut can you object, sir f You speak as if. you .were the arbiter of'the who Je thing. ' I will support you as much as possible, bnt I object to the ipse and so much of the ego in your remarks. The Chairman-Bat there is too much of the " ego" in your addresses to " Mr Kinnear" instead of to the chairman. Ohas. Kinnear differs from Dr O'Sullivan on some pointe, and hopes he *! ways will differ. Dr O'Sullivan-Bat I want to know if yon can object ? The Chairman-lean. But I am here to do mr duty under the charter of this com pany," and to protect the rights of all. Dr O'Sullivan-Why then object to the motion? Mr Martin-Oh, it suits him. The Chairman-I object to these person alities, andi believe it probable that anything coming from Mr Martin will be prejudicial to the interests of the company. I only tell you the order of the business as laid down, and you will not tani me from my purpose to do alt Mr H. Smith would press his motion. There were tiro parties in the company, con tractors and others, and it would be mons trous to have contractors on the Board. Mr Martin-Who wants contractors on the Board. We don't. Mr H. Smith-Oh, that's all right then. 1 propose Mr Hood as a director. Mr Martin-There is a proposition already before the meeting. Dr O'Sullivan wanted to know how the committee business " lapsed" as the chair man had said. A voice-Oh, they want to postpone the meeting. Mr. EL Smith-Oh, let us do something. lite Chairman-I hold with the requisite firmness to the course of business laid down. Mr Marton-Let us put the chairman out of the chair, and have another chairman. The Chairman-I will not allow a proposi tion to be put out of thc order: ^ Dr O'Sullivan-I object to euch offensive language. You talk like a despot. A shareholder proposed, and another se conded, " That Mr Kinnaar now leave the chair." (Cheers and confusion.) Mr Thompson said they contd not do that. No meeting would be legal without Mr Kin near in the chair or some one appointed by him. Mr Borrico-What can we do if he will not allow the meeting to go on ? The Chairman-You may posh this busi ness to a ruinous extremity. The two men taking the most prominent part in this have no personal interest in the company, nor are they men to be trusted, Mr Borrice-Who are you speaking of ? The Chairman-I mean Mr Borrice and Mr Goodwin. Mr Borrice handed in his power to vote. The Chairman-Is your name Borrice ? Mr Borrice-It is. The Chairman then intimated that before he would consent to arrest the business by vacating the chair, he would do all he could to get through. There could be no reason able objection to proceed with the election. The mine wanted direction, and could not have it without a board. The meeting then lapsed into an indescrib able scene of disorder, in which the contend ing parties fought for and against the ballot, and some of the shareholders called for the ballot-box to be put in the fire. The absurd wrangle lasted for a very long time, but at length the clamour died away, and a list of candidates for the directory was nominated. Then arose a disturbance about the conduct of the ballot. The reporters were chosen scrutineers ; then one was rejected and the other consented tx go into another room with the box, but finding the voting did not proceed, he re turned to Iiis more proper duties. Ultimately after a tremendous waste of time, and talk, end temper, the following shareholders were put to the vote with the following result : Scott, 65 ; Kitten, 51 ; Hood, 47 ; Wallie, 46; Goodwin, 40: Fitchett, 31; Morrison, 7-The latter candidate withdrew at the commencement of the poll, and the three first candidates were declared duly elected, and the meeting adjourned to another room. The Chairman congratulated the meeting on having got over the election, and he boped they would advise their directors during their term of office, and that the works would go on well. The next question wes, how much gold could be got. The arrangement with the Port Phillip Company was exceedingly onerous, 'and as to the management, whether good or ill, it rested with the Board now chosen. That the management had been good, he had the authority of some of the best en gineers iu the colony. The Surveyor Gene ral had pronounced the mine " a perfect mo del." Very much depended on the arrange ment to be made with the Port Phillip Com» pany, but the meeting could only submit terms to their Board for negotiation with Mr Bland. He thought an arrange ment could bo made that would be more profitable, both to Mr Bland and to the company, and his proposal to them now was that they should instruct their directors how to treat with Mr Bland Mr Martin-We appointed a committee, and we want to hear their report. The Chairman-I don't. Mr Thompson-That committee lapsed. Dr O'Sullivan, as one of that committee, said they had every difficulty in getting up their report, as they found no regularity or order anywhere, and they knew but little about the business. They had, however, prepared a report, and he hoped it would not be shirked, as the chairman wished; nor would it be if all was fair and above board. He wished all differences to be reconciled, and it was not wise in Mr Kinnear to try to burke the report, although no doubt he was the advocate of the Port Phillip Company. Everybody acknowledged the management was bad, and he had not yet seen the ghost of a six-pence for his money. Mr Borrice-I propose " That the report be read." &ir; M'Donald-I was going to do the same thing. I don't like to have any insinuations. Let the report be read, and if there is any tliing in it, let us know it. Amid the excitement that ensued, the fol lowing motion was proposed by Mr H. Smith and seconded by Mr Marflett-" That the directors be instructed to treat with Mr Bland to crush on halves, with a rebate of 5s, and report to-morrow at ten o'clock." Mr Marlin proposed and Mr Seddon 'se conded, as an amendment - " That this meeting is of opinion that the contract system has failed, and that we revert to the co-ope rative principle." Neither motion nor amendment wes put to the meeting. The meeting then lapsed into another scene of confusion worse confounded, and at length the chairmau abandoned the chair, adjourned the meeting till ten o'clock next day, and re tired from the reom amid groans and hootings. Mr M'Donald then took the chair, and there was a temporary show of going on wi'h the reading of tho committee's report, but tbe purpose was abandoned, and the meeting separated ; it being understood that the di rectors would propose to Mr Bland to crush on halves, with a rebate of four shillings pst ton. 6 * 