NEW SOUTH WALES. By the City of Sydney and Northam, via Melbourne, wc have colonial newspaper! to the 14tb inst. Mr. Loader has been elected for Liverpool Plains by a large majority over Sir. Rusden. From the summary of intelligence prepared by the S. M. Herald for transmission to Europe by the Northam, we extract the following relating to the flock of alpacas recently introduced into the colony by Mr. Ledger:— During the past week Mr. Ledger has started from Sydney on a tour of inspection of the colony for the purpose of finding the most suitable locality for depasturing the flock of llamas and alpacas, now the property of this country. He will commeucc the inspection of the country along the Southern road, which he will follow as far as Yass, whence he will strike out eastward for the Maneroo instructions to procecd on this tour were given by the Minister for Lands and Public Works, some three months ago, soon after the flock was purchased by the Government; but Mr. Ledger has been detained at Liverpool, principally through the greater attention which the animals have required while .lambing, there being a difference of two months in the season between this country and that from which they came. A few of the lambs have perished, but the rest are strong and healthy. There is the less cause tor regret at the delay, because Mr. Ledger will now have the opportunity of forming an estimate of the pastoral capabilities of the country in its worst—the winter—season, Mr. Ledger is furnished both by the Government and private individuals with letters of introduction to persons engaged in pastoral and agricultural occupations in the districts he is about to visit, and now that the excitements of electioneering are over the settlers will be better able to afford those facilities for examining the country which ho will requrire. The flock of alpacas are for the present depasturing near Liverpool, having been removed to Moorbank, on the opposite side of St. George's river, in order to obtain better fodder. They are all thriving, and the experiment of their introduction hitherto promises well for the propagation of the alpaca, and the successful production of the wool in these colonics. A few female llamas were recently impor'ed into the adjoining colony, and an application has been received by the government for one of the m le alpacas of our flock for the purposes of breeding. We believe that the application has been favourably entertained, but that no answer has yet been returned. The despatch of a single male alpaca will not, however, effect the object intended, as the propagation of the pure alpaca from female llamas can only be accomplished by a course of systematic cross-breeding. But as the encouragement of a new branch of commerce throughout the whole of these colonies, by means of the propagation of the alpaca was the principal motive with the legislature in authorising the purchase of the flock, the government will probably be disposed to render our neighbour* such assistance as they may from time to time require. The Herald protests against the erection of Moreton Buy into an independent colony until the chare of that district in the debt of the colony has been determined. Our oohtempor^y saya;—8 The positive announcement in the Morning Chronicle that Moreton Bav has been erected into a new oolony and that Sir George F. Bowen has been an pointed tho first governor, would almost warrant the belief that this long anticipated change is at hand. Still, consider, lag that the law offioers of the Croirn warned the home government of the im. propriety of giving that separation without some parliamentary act for the adjustment of the debt, we can seircely think that the affair is bo nearly arranged For t»o or three years past we have received by almost every post, assurances that the thing was all but done, and a series of names have been given as of persons to Whom would be entrusted the government of the new colony. These statements have often been given an- parently upon high authority, and have sometimes professed to be communications direct from the Colonial office. Yet month after month, and year after year have passed away without the realisation of such promises. We are therefore not quite so convinced as many that the separation is finally determined. Of course on many accounts it is desirable that Moreton Bay should be separated from this colony. There are, doubtless, inconveniences connected with the government of a distant place, and unfortunately the time is past for the application of romedies whioh were within the power of the legislature, and which might have deferred for a long time a separation, upon the whole disastrous. The only use of referring to theso circumstances is to notice the warning they give, because there are other parts of the colony whose interests and want! aro equally unrepresented. It is necessary that self-government sho'ild be more extended, and that means should be found to commit to hands appointed by the inhabitants themselves the management of their own affairs. Unless this be done we shall find an outcry for separation, arising in other quarters, and certainly not less deserving of regard. There are questions connected with the separation of Moreton Bay deeply interesting to this country. We have incurred—that is, the entire representative body—a very considerable debt. For that debt the entire territory is responsible. It is the object of the patriots of Moreton Bay to throw as much as possible the burden upon the residuury of the colony—to go scot free from all mistakes of the past, and to carry with them all the advantages which they have derived from their neighbourhood to this country, which has supplied a large proportion of their population, and nearly all their capital. It is useless to look to people so situated for anything like justice. They have a moral system of their own, and would consider themselves not only fortunate but virtuous in shirking their fair proportion of the burdens which they jointly incurred, and carrying off the greater portion of the territory. It will come to pass, then, that in default of means of paying tho public creditor by our present resources, new taxes, must be imposed, or the publio faith be violated. It is in this form that the question will come home to the inhabitants of the middle district and the people of Sydney, It will bring them up standing, and they will have to determine some day once and for all whether they will pay new taxes or incur the odium of insolvency. It is our duty at once to protest against such a partition of the debt as Bliall throw an unfair burden upon New South Wales. But there is a still higLer question, and that is, the disposal of the territory itself—where is the line to be drawr ? If, according to some exorbitant pcrsoni the Colonial office shall draw the line at 30th parallel, then it will be the duty of our Parliament to enter a protest, and to declare that the burden of the debt and the disgrace of its non-payment must fall upon the British authority, which has consented to an act so tyrannical. If the principle is to be permitted—if an extraneous power is to interfere and to withdraw from the residuary colony its resources, to what extent is this separation to bo carried? Wc may see, and probably shall, see, one after another degrees of latitude stripped from the territory, of New South Wales, while the debt will be moved back by the civil authority, and lie with increasing pressure upon the residuary population. Are jwe to submit to this without remonstrance ? To support the credit of the country and to fulfil its engagements, there is no amount of taxation to which wo would not submit; but when the British government interferes and wrests from M the territory, and the revenue connected with it, derived cither by the Customs or the sale of lands, it seems absurd that we should submit to bear the pressure of the debt, or that wc should delay to take suohjmcasures as will bring the public credit at the door of the Pw - liamcut of England, and compel tho Ministers, after violating public faith, redress the wrong. We may be told indeed that the Ministers of this colony have consented to a certain arrangement! Wc haf been told already that they entered in» a 'compact' with the members of tie north, and that the Bcbeme to wbicn they gave their sanction was the pr'®| they paid for the political support wbicn retained them their seats. Will W" new Parliament consent to ratify theso bargains ? Will the members who been chosen to represent the interests ot the colony at large, especially those will have to pay the debt, pasB over t» silence past transactions in reference w the subject ? , ..< We all remember that precious Dm which was brought into the bouse jp'^ fessedlyJomake_B^M uitable settlf"" rtlsdeU. We all know with what • f f,; v :t" eiit through its first .tapes; f ' K J maintained and defended. know with what ignominy it t t ^ f t little into whose Ms the «alane« allotted to our tf Unt officials »ay fall The Slea of party are of alight conseto the people, but it IB of IM- „(nBe moment to know whether, while weare 'n ^ ° f ,osiD 8 the ? ost lmHeof our territory, w» are to hare "Tr.T.v L™ ni the full measure of Wo are not going to question the nnirerof theCrowD, or tho authority o Selwperial Parliament. It is doubtlas all regular and simple for the thrown to take away the territory and for the p,lament to impose the debt, but we lave aUeast the right of protesting. WehaTstft least tho claim to set ourlelfrt right with the public creditor—to nut before those who have entrusted the Lole colony with their money, upon tie faith of the British government, tho change which will transpire in the nature of their securities. It will be for them to represent their claims when the mischief has been done. It would le maJneBs to suppose that any violent exercise of the prerogative, or any arbitrary interference of Parliament binds, the colony to quiet aubmistion—that the individuals who compose tho oolonial community, are to be personally responsible to the public creditor. We long ag* stated our case. If the ministers hare not chosen to listen, we hare no doubt we shall find ears more attentive in the Parliament whieh is shortly to assemble, which will at least pay some regard to the claims of the people whom they are expected to tax." The same journal thus refers to the division which has occurred in the ranks of the Liberal party:— "The disappearance of the old official party has left the ' liberals' in possession of the stage, and now affaire assume a shape which the least sagacity and experience would have enabled all to foresee. The Nemesis of success now pursues the victorious party. Free from the pressure of external enemies, they have leisure to survey each other. Like a numerous crew in an open boat and far distant from the land, they begin to whisper ' lotaor, to employ another and more pleasing figure, a table is spread, and tl.ere are covers for a fixed number of guests, but tho candidates forparticipation are more numerous than the places, and it becomes a question who shall enjoy the fruits of victory. "We have thus a division in the 'Liberal camp.* Those who have, by tome process not very intelligible to the public at large, deemed themselves entitled to the exclusive appropriation, or at least to an arbitrary distribution, of the prizes of public employment, arc beginning to utter loud wailing. They deprecate division. They impute inconsistency. There are shrill cries of treason. Men whom they have eulogised as patriots of the first water, and whose motives and character it waa deemed wrong to suspect, are now covered by them with loathsome epithets, and the world is invited to join in the hunting and howling; but the world is indifferent. Rather disposed to acquiesco in these mutual denunciations, to admit their truth, and to dcclare that for once crimination is not calumny, the world is disposed to look on with quiet enjoyment and to wait the event. " It is in vain to say that the ' Liberal cause* SB imperilled—that is, if it depends upon the extent of the suffrage and the direc*. action of tho uncducated classes of the people. It is in vain now to fall; of 'privileged classes,' of 'monopolists,' of 'Tory conspiracies,' and to conjure up thoso ghosts which have answered their purpose and become obsolete and contemptible. Tho naked trnth now stands forth that there are two sets of uien of the same antecedents, nurtured in the lame school—professing the same creed—inspired by the same spirit of patriotism, and yet who for some cause or another are marshalling themselves into hostile bands." Captain Thrift, of the Hollinside, died suddenly from apoplexy on the 9th. Tan TUHON GOLD-FIELDS.—A party of diggers who have a claim on Pennyweight Flat, forty feet square, have for a considerable time past been engaged in throwing a gravelly substance to the fjrfaoe, but not having water sufficient to work the claim, tho stuff has accumulated to a large quantity; they comttenoed sluicing last week, and, much to tbeir gratification, obtained 75 ounces « gold as the result of the week's *™mg. It is supposed that they havo o» hand sufficient stuff to keep them employed for the next seven or eight ..™> ^ the end of which time they *m probably have netted a pood round The spot of ground from which the above named gold has been taken bee n crossed and re-crossed by expenenced diggers almost everyday sinco 'he gold-fields were opened, but none of anticipated that by digging beneath »«r teet such treasures would be exposal? Vl6W ' • We hav « als ° heard of wll r tf p0t m tbat 1 uarter where the prospects are equally promising, one KifT g0btai,lcda fw days ago a i f U L D U n^t weighing fourteen unoes the quahty of which is said to eUperio thi„ Fro ' incidents ef on t^ T lCr . whieb ooollB 'onally occur infanLi ®®y v ery reasonably be Wotn } &t; ll a P°P u,lltion sufficiently nwn ft glVS • Tuton a fair was Kta? B I ?V arf ? 1 uanlit F of the |^_°Wn.eUl would be ? disooLed and by the diggers.—liathnrfct Free 