OPENING LECTURE AT THE MAITLAND SCHOOL OF ARTS. The Opening Lecture of the season was de- livered by the Rev. Edward Griffith, the Vice- President, in the hall of the School of Arts, on Wednesday evening, June 15th, on "One Thou- sand Eight Hundred and Fifty-eight." We avail ourselves of the earliest opportunity of presenting to our readers the following extended report of the lecture. Mr. Griffith said — I invite you to- night to spend an hour in thinking of an old friend— a departed friend, it is true; but as I do not believe that you will altogether adopt the proverb, "out of sight out of mind," nor say of all the dead they are forgotten, so I do not think you will be uninte- rested in listening to some of the things this old friend saw and recorded. The departed began to ex.. as the last stroke of St. Paul's bell told the inhabitants of London, and the first stroke of St. Marys told two in Maitland that 1857 had ceased to be — the note which was the signal of departure to the one ushered forth into being the other. Most men and women have but a limited circle of friends, this friend was known to all who knew his predecessor, and who now shake hands with his successor. To many it was the first friend they knew, and to others the last. During the time he lived, much that was momentous, both publicly and privately, occurred. In our own, personal histories, things took place which never took place before — some of our friends left us for ever, some who were hardly known before joined our circle of friends union with those we loved in a bond which is to be 'till death do us part. ' The year, containing all its pleasures, duties, sorrows, and responsibilities is, however, gone — none to asso- ciate with the years before the flood, but it is not, and by many of us cannot be forgotten. Dickens has attempted, and successfully too, to suggest, in his "Christmas Carols," the duty we one to the past. He makes the Chimes to peal forth with all their cheerful mysic, nnd brings up phan- toms and ghosts of past, present, and future, by each of whom are conveyed lessons of importance, as they express for all the fervent wish, "May your memory ever be green." As I am not a poet, I will not attempt to compose an epitaph on the departed year. As I am not a singer, I am not going to try to sing its requiescal in pace, but it is my desire to make a brief review of some events which transpired in 1858 — events which have become facts, and will be found in 1958 re- cords of special moment, and of no small in- fluence in the word's history, and especially in ....al history, for though occurring then they are not confined in their importance to the day that witnessed their completion, nor which saw their birth. The spirit of the year, if you be- lieve in ghosts, may now appear in the form of a venerable sage, and shaking its long shaggy locks and its staff, may address your lecturer thus — I departed six montlis ago, and am now among things that were. Why do you disturb my rest ? Presumptuous man, and do you ... attempt in one short hour of 60 minutes to .... what it took me 365 days, .........s and 525,000 minutes of hard ...... to accomplish? Will you dare to ... walk over tho footprints I left behind thus cursorily and slightingly ? Are you ..... amed to stand before an intelligent .... such pretensions To which your lec- turer ...ly replies: — Dismiss your frown, my good friend, you know it is possible to review the ..... of a life in a very brief space of time. I mean no disrespect to you, it is the very opposite feeling .....pts me to endeavour to gather together ' some .... leading events of your history, to profit by them anew. You served me too well, too kindly, to lorget you. I love your memory, and think it is a glorious one, for you did not die till the clouds which at your birth were hanging over India were nearly all dispersed — your successor, seeing the last of them — nor till you had witnessed events in China, Europe, Africa, America, and Australia, which will give you a niche among the red letter years in the world's almanack. Ah! there look smilingly, not so sternly, and thank me for trying to recall the events which pleased your eyes to see and our ears to hear, for do not forget that you had expired full sixty days in the old world before we in this land knew what you had lived to see done. Thank you for that sweet smile in departing; and now, ladies and gentlemen, having quieted the perturbed spirit of our friend, let me proceed to state in what light I am going to look at his acts and doings. These arrest my at- tention as a Minister of the Gospel, as a philantro- phist, and at a man; in this latter character, not forgetting the former, nor uninfluenced by the feel- ings belonging to them, I take my stand before you to night as an inhabitant and citizen of New South Wales, addressing the members of the School of Arts, in the second town of the oldest of the Aus- tralian colonies. I wish to look at New South Wales as a part of the United Kingdom, having a common interest in all that concerns the dominions of our beloved Queen, for in this colony which cannot be the least important of her Majesty's colo- nies which we are in, there reside men and women who will not give place or precedence to any throughout the whole British dominions in their attachment to that noble lady who now adorns the British Crown. In January, 1859, New South Wales attained its 70th birthday, and as if no longer a child in leading strings, 1858 saw and heard its assertion of its right and ability to regulate its own affairs as it started forth on a new era, and commenced, as we are now told, a race in which it intends to be a victor, and establish for itself a post of distinction and greatness far beyond what it ever could have attained if still left under the incubus of irrespon- sible Government. Those who profess to be poli- tical prophets, whioh I do not, tell us that now the new Electoral Act has passed, and every man of 21 years has a vote, and is qualified to bo elected as a member of the Legislature, we shall go ahead in right good earnest and with the motto "Advance Australia," young Australians will say to all slow coaches — "Stand out of our way and do not inter- rupt our progress." 1858 will, therefore, in the minds of such be looked at as the beginning of a glorious time, and more of them will ask "why were the former times better than these" because they do not believe they were better. We believe in progress, in the inevitable progress of those principles for which Milton wrote, and his compeers fought — that progress which recognises Government ) as for and in the people — but, with Milton, we think that the wheels of progress should be set in motion and kept going by education. Hence, we rejoice in the erection of Schools of Arts and Mechanics' Institutes, and feel that we have nought to fear from any extent of suffrage if it is entrusted to in- telligent and instructed men, who will feel that there are responsibilities connected with their pri- vileges which they ought well to weigh — the pos- siblo danger being that which arises from the faci- lity afforded -..-.i. .. -.!(/ --vi- -\ii,--,. , -... make. dupes and fools of the ignorant. From this danger we in Maitland are happily keep apart; we possess High and Grammar Schools, and other important scholastic establishments in our midst. Purdon me for thus appearing to touch on the pre- sent all absorbing topic of politics. If I have erred. I havo been led astray by the feeling that it would be unjust to our old friend (whose ghost we have already laid) if I did not. refer to that important act so long looked, for and on which so much of »::pfc tation is built. What constitutes a state Not high rained battlements or laboured mound, Thick wall or mounted gate — Not ... proud with spires and turrets crowned - Not bays and broad-armed posts Where, laughing at the storm ... ? ! -tri-.\n. lii^Ii-U'iit«l^i nicii— ?Sj.t-i «vlio Hn-irAnuis*.br,ov!.i These constitute a state. In 1858, the commerce of Britain recovered from the convulsions of the autumn of its predecessor and the year closed auspi= ciously — the money market being more buoyant, and all commercial speculations being more steady and less rash. Our friend, however, closed his career with a dark cloud on the European horizon. Everv week's report from Lombardy and Venice spoke of agitation, and showed northern Italy in such a state of dangerous exasperation as had not been known since 1858. "War in the Spring" was the watchword from one end of Italy to another. We hope the prediction will not be fulfilled, though the last accounts were portentous. Thus the year seemed to close as it (alas!) began, under a cloud. We have not forgotten— can we over forget? — the soul-harrowing accounts of the Sepoy atrocities, or the demoniacal cruelty of the treacherous Nana Sahib: accounts which made our blood run cold, and excited in every British heart strong feelings of denunciation against the wicked perpetrators of such fiendish deeds, and strong feelings of sympathy for those who so severely suffered from it. We cannot forget that this fearful Indian outbreak took our countrymen by surprise — exposed them to hardships and cruelties unheard-of before, and brought out to view the stern fortitude and courage for which British men have been so often distinguished. We judge what led the Sepoys to rebellion by tracing what they did whilst in rebellion. Lust, rapine, and revenge: these were the exciting motives, and swayed by these they ceased to be men and acted as fiends. The effect of this was to endanger for a time the British possessions in India, and to excite a fear lest these rich lands should be wrested from the British crown. Hap- pily, this fear, though not groundless, was over- come; and now Victoria, Queen of Britain, rules as empress of India — the East India Company's dominion being abolished, but British authority placed on a firmer footing than heretofore. May peace attend Victoria's reign in India. Just as tidings of relief and succour of triumph and victory from India reached Europe, the Continent is roused by an attempt to assassinate Napoleon opposite the Opera, where he and the Empress had gone to witness the performance. Who can calculate what would have been the eflect, if Count Orsini's attempt had been successful? The year would certainly have been one of much war and bloodshed in Europe. This, however, was wisely prevented, and let us hope the third attempt will be the last endeavour to take the Emperor's life. Turning from this, our old friend summonses us to enter the Royal palace, and take our stand amidst coronetted beauty, and join in hearty benisons as Britain's fair and lovely- young Princess Royal plights her troth to the heir of Prussia's throne. I am not learned in Court news, nor yet can I attempt to depict the scenes of gladness; nor is it necessary I should, for the illustrated papers have set them before you. I look at this event not only as interesting and important nationally, but with the interest which I look at all young folks when starting into life. The day was generally kept as a holiday, and the crowds that collected were immense, the metropolis being illuminated, and all vieing to show forth that loyalty which, in British hearts, is not a mere impulsive excite- ment, but a deep, settled, steady feeling. The boys of Eton will not be outdone. That noble band of youth — the future Earls and Dukes of Britain, from whose rank the British Army, Navy, and Senate, derives its brightest ornaments, dis- played their loyalty by yoking themselves together, 100 strong, to the carriage in which the bride and bridegroom are seated, and stopping not till they had safely led it to the palace portals at Windsor. Even at this distance of time, there seems to be a freshness in the scene which speaks and cheers — "God bless her," was the first utterance of the nation's heart on the interesting occasion. Never, perhaps, did the British people take a more affec- tionate and touching interest in a court wedding than in this. There were other events to which 1858 leads us. We are reminded by him of the intense excitement on both sides of the Atlantic when the wondrous cable was laid down, the Pre- sident of America sent his message to the Queen by lightning. In the laying down of that cable there is the dawn of an era in the world's history in which all lovers of peace must delight. Had any one foretold thirty years ago the marvels which are now common, he would have been re- garded as insane and might have been consigned to Bedlam for his pains. You know how Franklin's ideas about electricity were ridiculed. In order to lay an electric cable across tho Atlantic, 2000 miles in length, it was necessary in the first place, to acquire some definite knowledge regarding the bed of the ocean it would have to traverse. To do this, it was necessary to experiment by deep sea soundings. These amounted to many thousands. The result of them was the grand discovery that for nearly the whole width of the Atlantic, be- tween Ireland and Newfoundland, there lies, at a depth varying from 1500 to 2000 fathoms, over two miles, a sort of undulating prairie of table land. Here, then, was the receptacle for the cable, whioh was itself made of such a size as to weigh less than a ton per mile — the laying of which stands forth amongst the marvels of science, and the accomplishment of which proclaims the great success, perseverance and resolution will effect. The telegraph will be the cleverest of all diplomatists, because it will be the quickest — a phrase — a single word, spoken in time, may save the lives of and the expenditure of millions. By the same European mail which brought us an ac- count of this, we are told of the submission of the Chinese Emperor to the demands of the English and French Plenipotentiaries. Canton, so long shut up from barbarian intruders, has now been for the second time within the last twenty years in the hands of the British authorities, was held till the demands of the plenipotentiaries were acceded to by the Court of Pekin. The attack of the allies on Canton was not prompted by a desire for territo- rial aggression, but the benefit of commerce, and the reproof of senseless impudence and arrogant imper- tinence. as well as punishment for "Celestial" bar- barity committed on Europeans. Turning from Asia our friend conducts us to Africa, and invites us to note well and deeply consider the prospects opening up to civilisation and commerce through the efforts of the devoted Christian missionary, Dr. Livingstone, who, after having penetrated regions Mungo Park never saw, and encountered dangers which place "Cummings" lion fights in the shade, traversed that Continent from east to west. Our old friend, 1838, never spoke a lie — never acted a lie — he recounts events good, bad, and indifferent; whatever his historians may do he was eminently truthful, hence he tells us of the display at Cher- bourg, describing it in real colours, and shewing us the opening of the docks there, in the presence of England's Queen, by the Emperor, whose motto is "the Empire is peace," and who, in illustration of this motto, caused the roar of 1000 cannons to re- peat its echo, and show forth that he was well pre- pared for war. (f;. /..-,* .u'-ui incu, r «i.* '» | 