THE NEWS OF THE DAT. The Legislative Assembly will meet this after noon at four o'olock. From tho notice paper, , a copy of which appears in another column, it will be seen that the business set down is unusually heavy. We do not anticipate, how ever, that that cau well be taken a3 a pro gramme of tho day's proceedings ; but wo presume that after the Ministerial statement by th-3 Chief Secretary, the usual course in Buck cases will ba pursuod, and alL important ma'.ters postponed till to-:norrow. Should the business on the notice paper be earnestly entered upon, it will evince an eagerness fl)t work on tho part of our -representatives almost unparalleled in the 'history of responsible Government in Victoria. As it is a matter of some importance that all the arrangements in the Legislative Assem bly fjr the accommodation of tho reporters shou'd be a3 complete as possible, we would suggest that a few additional chairs, to gether with another inkstand or two in the ante-rooms, would be a great accommodation. Inconvenience was experienced from the scar city of these necessary articles duriDg the last debate, and we hope that tlio deficiency will be speedily supplied, as it will not involve any great expenditure. It has been resolved lo ex clude all persons, without any distinction, from tho reporters' gallery, with the exception of tho reporters actually engaged there, the editors and summary writers of each metro litan paper, and the necessary messengers. [ Tho new Commissioner of Public Works (Mr Francis) entertained his first deputation yes terday forenoon. It involved rather a knotty affair lo begin with. The Municipal Council of Sandhurst have been acting in a semi-official capacity in reference to the construction of a temporary sludge channel at Bendigo. In performing this work, they expended over L2000, believing that it would be reimbursed. It appears, however, that the Council reckoned without their host. The money has been spent-, and no one eeems particularly anxious to refund it. Like many other things done, or rather left undone, by the members of the late Ministry, they have left thi3 knotty affair to be un ravelled by their successors. Mr Steavenson contends that Mr Duffy never admitted the responsibility of the Government in regard to this money, and states that that Ministry went so far as to recommend the Council to make a special appeal to Parliament. The deputation affirm that Mr Duffy admitted the responsibility of the Government, and pro mised to place a sum upon the estimates. Thus there is a decided conflict of evidence. Mr Francis, in tho absence of documentary testimony, finds himself in a dilemma ; but the Sandhurst Municipal Council must seek balm for their wounded purse in the tender mercies of an Assembly pledged to retrench ment. We are informed that it is the intention of tne autnoriueB actnejsoara oiiiana ana vvoi-ks, to adopt the arrangement lately made at the Chief Secretary's office with regard to an nouncing the day and hour at which deputa I tion3 are for the future to be held. Tho noti 'ti cation will, in every case, be sent to the offices I of tho three metropolitan journals on the evening preceding the day on which deputations aro to be held. This is a satisfactory arrange ment, and one which merits on behalf of the Ministers who hare considerately adopted it, tbe thanks of the press, A deputation from tbe Municipality of Bruns wick waited upon the Commissioner of Lands and Survey yesterday, to obtain the removal of the toll-gate. The Minister, for a number of reasons, given elsewhere, refused to grant the application. It appears that Mr Q. V. Brooke has dis pleased some of the people of Sandhurst. The local papers recently criticised one of hia representations of Macbeth somewhat severely, and Mr Brooke defended himself from the stage, after which the Advertiser devoted a leading article to him, and employed not the kindest, insinuations. The following extract will serve for an illustration of the whole : — By what right, we should like to know, does Mr Brooke or any other public man, assumo to himself tho exclusive privilege to appear before the public in anything but a fit state, und then to come before them next night and whiningly complain that the Preo3 has insulted him for staling the fact 1 We conceive — unless Mr Brooke knows more of the uses of the Pres3 than we do— rthat we have as perfect a right to stato that Mr G. Y. Brooke appeared 'beforo tho audier.ce in a condition not regulate.! by the precepts of Father Ma' how, if this the case, r,s to announce through i ur columns thut Tom, Dick, or Harry appeared before thy Bjnch for a similar ofluaco ; tho only (liiTyveJim ! is that in the former case wo arc sorry wo coal I not add the usual reportiu,-; formula, and state that he was punished it\ the usual way.' The Kiimore Examiner says — t: Last woe];, a woman named Shanahan, whilo engaged in drawing water from a well, on the farm of Mr Michael English, on tho Survey, accidentally fell iuto the well, which was about fifty Lt\ deep. At tho time she fell tho windlass rope was twisted round her arm ; she thus dragged the rope after her. A little girl about Tour years old saw her fall, and she went to a neighboring paddock nearly a mile distant to fetch her father, there being 110 one nearer at hand. A considerable time elapsed before the child's father arrived at the scenc of the accident, and on doing so, he found the woman about half way down the well, pulling herself up by means of the rope. Upon being brought to tho top she was fouud to have sustained very little injury.' We understand that there is to be a public exhibition at the Mechanics' Institute on Thurs- day next, of the Ichneumons or Mongos, in illustration of the value of these little creatures in destroying snakes and other vermin. It is thought that his Excellency will be present on the occasion, but arrangements being as yet scarcely completed, we can state nothing more than as a probability. The Back Creek Gas Works will shortly com- mence operations. They have been erected by a private company at a cost of about £1500, and are capable of supplying S00 or 100 bur ners. Main-pipes, made from cast iron, with 3t-inch bore, have been laid down through Scandinavian Crescent. The gas will be mado from water, on the hydro-carbon principle, and will be supplied to consumers at 403 per 1000 cubic feet, or 2d per hour for each burner. The Banner of Befast, noticing the arrival of the defaulter Chisholm, says : — 'It is a singular coincidcnce, that a young man of the same name, who was in the Government ser vice in Dublin Castle, absconded about twelve years ago, having embezzled considerable sums of money entrusted to him in his official capa city, and has over since successfully ovaded the lynx-eyed vigilance of the detectives.' , The Gcelongese are, by degrees, bringing themselves up to their highest point of excite ment in honor of the approaching regatta, aud it is announced that the occasion bids fair to bo more than usually interesting. ' The tonnage, of the competing yachts will be (if all start) Eclipse 13 tons, Psyche 1 1 tons, Thames 8 tons, Paddy from Cork 8 tons, and Southern Cross 7 tons,,' so at least says the Advertiser. Whether the tonnage of any of the littlo craft will be lessened or increased, if they do not start, deponent sayeth not. ' Professor Neumayer, of the Meteorological) Observatory, Melbourne, has been on Ballaarat,! says the Star, during the last two or three days. We believe be intends visiting several of the j other gold-fields, one of his objects, among othcri scientific ones, being to determine tho height of the various meteorological observatories. I At the Back Creek Police Court, the other, day, an orphan boy about eleveu years of age, ? brought a charge of assault against his em- 1 ployor, Mr Churchill. . The- defendant was a: dairy keeper, at Kangaroo Plat, who hired tlio I lad from the orphan school, in Melbourno, and 1 had him bound for seven years. Some days ago : tho boy fell into a water hole in attempting to give a sousing to a dug. Upon arriving at tho station, Churchill took a heavy horse whip and thrashed the boy uumercKully. The litt'e fellow, without being advised, thought that _6ome protection would be had frmn tho authori ties, wL-ns to the camp and exposed tho c«n tiis-'.siis oa hia .bo.'y. Doicotive Evans at 01.ee tool: caro of the little fellow, and got a .sum mons for assault issued against tho assailant When the boy gave his evidence, the Court rung with applsusn, so much so that Churchill became alarmed, and had it not been for the police ho would havo boon rushed and punished almost to a fa! al extent. Tho Bench lined him .-£20, and his Worship, Mr Bennett, promised to tako tho boy under his care aud further hia education. Mrs Douglas, the female pedestricn, i3 at ; Back Creek, about to commence the task of walking five hundred half miles in as many half hours. Surely it is time such exhibitions ceased. The Mount Alexander Mai', asks — ' Will the working men nover learn sense 1 Wo venture to assert that if their most deadly enemy wero to pray that thoy might do themselves tho largest possible amount of detriment by the greatest possible amount of indiscretion, his desires could not be better answered than in the recent conduct of the masons towards the railway contractors. We earnestly advise the trado societies to introduce common sense into their deliberations. Their_ demands will then be more powerful, and their influence be more legitimately exerted than, we are sorry to say, it is sometimes at present.' The annual intercolonial crioket match is fixed to take placo on tbe 3rd of February. Amid all tho talk about politics, vote by ballot, and so forth, and tho large amount of wisdom which some people like to make other people think they possess, it is amusing to note the arrant ignorance that really pre vails. At the election of a member for the Mining Board at Ballaarat on Saturday, the Times reports that, 'At the Police Court two papers were put into the box, on one of whioh the names of the whole of the candidates had been left, and on the other the whole of tho names had been scratched out. Some persons seemed to have rather a curious idea of the qualification which eatitled them to vote, as one individual produced a slaughtering license when he tendered his vote, and another thought that the fact of his possessing a billiard license was sufficient to give him a right to assist in the election of a mining representative.' Wo fear that something serious must have happened to the Ballaarat Star. TheBallaarat Horticultural Society held their annual show on Friday and Saturday last, and either tho perfume of tho roses or tho brilliance of the ladies, had such an effect on the representative of the journal in question that he went homo and composed, faith and ' prented' it too,: the following decription of what he' had seen : — ' The ' success was complete. Everybody wan surprised, and we, who are in tho habit 01 deal ing with all sorts of novclt it ~ ft: i- ' remarkable things us a part of our d;:i!y voc.. Uon, wero both surprised and delighted. Indeed wo would be very much obliged to any charitable soul who would vouchsafe us a new list of superla tives, for we are in all honesty bound to be dreadfully encomiastic over this exhibition of flowers and fruits and herbs. Shade of Perkins, and shades of aristocratic dames who, clad in plenitude of crinoline and decked, oh, Perkins I in thy exquisito miuve, flock to Chiswick flower beds, aid us now 1 for you are familiar with the boautiful. And ye lovers of gooseberry pies, and rhubarb tarts with strawberry creams, help us fitly to discuss tho collection of luscious fruits and wholesome esculcnts which graced the show room yesterday. And then t he music, and the evergreens, and the banners, and tho ladies ! We have registered a vow among tho roses, and fuschias, and picotces, not to be sen timental on paper, or wo should incontinently break out in poetry and quote somebody or other about ' ' Flowers, gloriou3 flowers, that dwelt in Eilen'a bounds, Yet sinned not, fell not * * * ' ' Tho man Hughes, charged with breaking into the Roman Catholic Chapel at Castlemaine, was taken at Ballaarat on Saturday by Detec ih'es ciiiijeoc!: and L'ailcy. Ho is a well known character, and indulges in a host of names. Ha was to hate been brought up at the District; Police Court yesterday. Wo havo received a communication fiom a member of the Horticultural Society at Bal laarat, drawing attention to tho following 'facts'': — Tho Committor of the Society com prises thrte nursery men. Some G3 or 6-i prizes were ^iven away, and 31 of them fall to four committee-men, who were engaged up to the last moment in arranging their own and other competitors' exhibits. We offer but littlo comment. If the awards were fair, they ought not to bo questioned ; if unfair the society n«ed« reformation. E.ich of the cpuntry papcr3 seems to hav« some spcciiic of its own for our political ills. Some say it's tho Land Bill, some the settle ment of tho mining question, others look to protection, and now the Kynelon Observer thinks that nothing is so important as a simplification of tho_ law3 of conveyancing. Perhaps amid such difterenco of opinion the truth might ba found by giving a littlo attention to each of these several propositions. Information reached tho Detective Offioe last evening of a highway robbery under arms, com mitted on the 19th inst., on the Loddon, about two miles from Catto's sheep station. A man named Ayliner, a cattlo dealer, from New South Wales, was riding along, about eleven o'clock in the morning, when he was met by a man who, presenting a revolver, ordered him away about 100 yards into the bush, and there demaaded his money. He made him turn oat his pockets, but no money was forthcoming, and the robber contented himself with taking his horse and riding away. Aylmer walked along after this for about two miles, when ho met a boy riding the horse. Tho boy stated that he met a man, answering the description of the robber, who took from him the mare ho was riding, and gave him Aylmer's horse in exchange. Nothing has at present been heard of the fellow, but his description iB known, and tho police arc in pursuit. \- The business transacted yesterday by the City Council was unusually heavy. The mi nutes of three meetings were confirmed. Amass of correspondence was read, submitting amongst other matters, a plan for enlarging the accommodation for foot passengers over Prince's Bridge, by the erection of additional footpaths nine or ten feet wide ; a second for the con veyance of blcod from the Corporation slaughter houses in barges for use as manure. The question of reducing corporation salaries was set at rcst'for another year by a resolution in the negative. On tho motion of Aid. Hay ward a pretest by the City Surveyor against tho erection of a bridge over the Yarra at the falls, and in favor of its erection at the foot of Spencer street, was adopted by the Countil, and a deputation appointed to wait therewith fl on the Commissioner of Lands and Survey, this day, the Council being under tho impres sion that he is about to take immediate ' action for the erection of the bridge. The Corporation Act Amendment Bill, being now complete, was ordered to be sent up to the Legislative Assembly for passago either as a publio or private bill. Some curious statistics wore offered relative to Carlton Gardens, iu which it appears that tho gardener has cultivated 750 shrubs, with an average growth of 7 A inches each, despite tha ruminations of certain goats, of whom ho haa destroyed some 300 during the past twelve months. Alderman Hayward submitted a gigantic cchemc- for the sowerage of Melbourne, to carry out which ho proposed to raiso tho needful by debentures, to bo sold in London. Tho expence of brick sewers for Elizabeth, Swanston, and Spoooar streets, he estimated at LW.y.W, the interest on which as debentures' could lie. di-fr.iyed by a rate of threepence in tha pound 011 tho property immediately bene fit.:). A similar scheme f-r tho whole city wcnkl requlr.; a n.to of ni;scpence in tho pound over the whole i-f it, which he was sure that tlio citizens would bo glad to pay f^r.so gre.it an improvement. Having p.isse.l half their time iu a very di-sultory manner, aud tho other half ina mam lleusiy rapid dispatch of busi ness, tlio Couucil was counted out on the sub ject at n quart-.-r pa»t six, by Councillor Cos telio. Tre reina'-ndor of the business was then postponed until Monday nest. Tho plea put forth upon equitable grounds by the Bank of Victoria, in their dofenceto the equity suit instituted against them by Messrs Yiin;;han and Wdd, for tho purpose of recover ing the deeds of iir Bruce, deposited by them in the B.snk, was yesterday disallowed by tho full court sitting in Banco. Tho plea was to the effect, that the Bank was justified in retain ing possession of tho deeds, inasmuch as Mr Bruce had requested them to do so, and that they held them as securities for other moneya advanced by them to him. Messrs Vaughan and: Wild demurred to thisplea, and their demurrer has been allowed. There is now every proba bility that thia case will be tried at Common Law at the next Nisi Prius sittings. I11 tho Insolvent Court, yesterday, several certificates wore granted. Some few were op posed and adjourned for further examination. In one case, that of a Mr Thomas Dudley, lata of Collingwood, the Commissioner suspended the granting of a cercificate for twelve months, on the grounds that the insolvent had con tracted debts without a reasonable chance of being able to pay, and had not kept any books for tho last three years. Three notorious characters, named William Drinkwater, Alexander Hanley and Abraham Ross, were committed for trial yesterday, on a charge of having committed a robbery with violence on one Francis Herbert, The case discloses another phase of social life in Little Bourke street, and points to the necessity, of something being done with the public houses in that locality, as well as the duty of the police to purge it of the nest of thieves and abandoned characters with which it is infested. Yesterday evening a meeting of the Vic toria Coal Mining Company wa3 hold at tho Criterion Hotel. From the operations lately carried on at Cape Patterson, no doubt exists but that a very remunerative coal-field has been . opened there. It was found, however, that tho powers possessed by tho company, whioh was formed under Haines' Mining Act, were too limited. Consequently, it was re solved to dissolve tho old company, and to form a new ono under the namo and title of the Yictoria Coal Com pany. Tho proposed subscription contract, which has been drawn up by Messrs. Muttlc burv,MidIeson and Coster, was read and adopted, and* it is intended immediately to apply to Par liament for a bill to incorporate tho new Com- ' pany. The proposed capital ia .£25,000. A . provisional directory, consisting of tho follow ing gentlemen— Messrs. Samuel House, Joha Quarterman, Nathaniel Levi, John M'Crae, Wm. Clarke, jun., J. S, Butters, and Joha Thompson — was elected, and a prospeotus will be issued in a few days. Last evening, Mr W. H. Maddocks made his debut at the Princess's Theatre in the character of Handel, one of tho most unpropitious for selection on such an occasion ; for apart from its difficulties and exceptionalities — if we may use tho term — it is scarcely one from which to form a general opinion of the meritsT'of an actor. In somo places Mr Maddocks acquitted himself respectably, in others he evinced great want of somo such advice as that which Hamlet i gives to the actors ; but we do not intend to ' criticise him now. We may do so more at ; length when we have had a better opportunity ' of arriving at a fair judgment. Mr II. Edwards : made an admirable and truly ' honest' Ghost. Tuis evening Mr Maddocks is to appear as Shy'ock in the 'Merchant of Venice.' This eveirncr Mr Iiobort Heir takes his benefit at the'Thoatre lioyal, on whioh ooca sion jtfrs Heir ig to appear as 11 ester Grate b ook, in the ' Unequal Match.' The adver tisements announce, that is also the last occas'on in which this favorite actress mil play before a Melbourne audjencc. It is to be hoped, therefore, that she will be awarded a warm acknowledgment of the public esteem in which she has been so long held, and also of the high position which her _ husband has succeeded in attaining in the estimation of the people of Melbourne. The comedy is to be succeeded by a concert, in which the leading membera of tho Opera Company are to take part. At the Olympic Theatre yesterday evening, tho spectacular drama 'Azael the Prodigal' ? was produced. The scenery was good, and the properties well arranged as to effect. With . another rehearsal or two, wo are quite prepared to see this interesting piece draw crowded houses for a series of nights. Wo reserve more full remarks uutil wo have seen another repre sentation. The entertainment concluded with the new comio drama ' An Old Offender.' The number of visitors to the public Mu- seum during the week ending the 26th No- vember was 459. Amongst recent additions to the mining museum may be named a model of the mining cage—sicherheits tonne of the German miners—used to prevent accidents from the breaking of ropes or winding gear in shafts of mines, the adoption of which in Victoria would preveat occurrences of this kind, of which we have recently had some lamentable examples; also, an interesting series of metal- lurgical products from the mines of Mulhofen and Saynerhitte iron smelting works in Ger- many; also, examples of refined block tin, pre- sented by Messrs Polkinghorne and Polglase of Elizabeth street, manufactured from the black sand tin ore of the Ovens. 