THIS BE ISM GO ABViiiETISSB u'uulisukd r>.\ir,y.) rUOQBESSIOH, OUR RIGHTS, AW 1) OOH RESOURCES. SANDHURST, SATURDAY, OCT. 15, 1859. THE POSITION OF THE MINISTRY. It would seem that the position of the O'Sha nassy Ministry is much more critical than, judging by our telegraphic report, it appeared to us to be. There is hardly the ghost of a cliauee of their heing able to hold their position. The only thing that remains now for them to do is to j meet their fate with becoming resignation, aud look to the future for better days in store, when, they may profit by the experieuce they have had during the past eighteen months. They will have learned that there are principles and feeliiyjs which the public respect too highly to see theui openly contemned aud set at naught by a body of men who have become reckless from fancied irresponsibility. The present Ministry will have ; learned, and their successors, whoever they may be, would do well not to disregard the lesson also, that cveu iu the very plenitude of power, aud when on the pinnacle of greatuess, they must not allow an overweening sense of ' their owu importance to indues a disregard of the responsibility they are under to the public. They 1 will have had the conviction forced upon thorn that they cannot, at all events, openly avow a course \ of action based upou the most uuworthy priu- j ciplcs, aud make public appointuieuts for other reasons than personal fitness. If even Mr. Ireland 1 again figures iu any Ministry, which we should | thiuk utterly impossible, or only possible on the supposition that he may become devout, aud turn to singing of psalms-his mouth will! be; hermetically sealed as to to the motives which actuate Cabinet Ministers in making appointments. Nor will Mr. Harkcr again vcu- I ture to defend an unworthy polioy on the ground of necessity, and plead iu extenuation of the bad i character of the Ministry that the colony must put up with an indifferent nrticlo for laok of a( better. There are reasons to believe that we I shall esoape the degradation of having Cabinet Ministers more or less compromised iu railway contracts, and connected with Banks that get a j profit by performing public work. The expul sion of the Ministry from office will effectually perform the work of cleansing this new Augean stable, vvml every man who is honestly desirous of this reform being effected must look forward j with interest to the period wheu a change of Ministry must take place. We have said that the prospects of Ministers are much darker tliau we believed. There is I little difference in the numbers given of the i Ministerial aud the Opposition side, but there) aro one or two instances iu which the position of j members on the Ministerial side is explained oil grounds other thau adhereuce. Thus Mr. Duffy, iu sitting on the same benches, is said to be 1 merely complying with Parliamentary etiquette. Then the position of Messrs. Grant, Mackintosh, and M'Alillan is explained by the fact that the, lower benches on the opposite side were so j crowded that they could not conveniently occupy seats ou them. The only members who appear i to have sat on the Government side above the j gangway were Messrs. Chelan and Myles-indeed some of the journals state that tho former was , the solitary attendant ou tho fallen fortunes of j the Cabinet. Faithful Phelau! his fidelity is worthy of a better cause. _lt is worthy of notice that .not one of the Ministry was present yesterday to take part in the ceremony of waiting ou the Governor, It ! may mean nothing, but it looks ominous. Ministers were no doubt engaged in putting their house in order, and were too seriously employed to waste a thought upon mere ceremonies. When the masters must walk out, what is to become of the fluulcies,-those who have not had the worldly prudence to look out for themselves ? We see the names of a few persons on the i Ministerial side whose devotion to a sinking ! cause will be iuconveuieut to them. Iu consequence of the pressure upon our space ?tore are compelled to leave over several communi cations and other interesting maUer. Tub Sludgk AT Ei-sost.-U'e understand that the local officer under the Road Board lias received instructions from head quarters in Melbourne to have the road at Epsom repaired . where it has beien so seriously damaged by the ] sludge, and that men will be set to work on it this morning. i BBEAK O'DA Y REEF.-Mr. Shircsa has a large specimen from Brum's old' claim 011 this reef ] (abandoned for the past four years), which shows a very fair sprinkling of gold; and we arc to'd ttuit a large quantity of a similar kind is bared and ready for raising. ti? amusing ........ uuvmwr nas, we unUer- t stand,receivedalready asufficioncy of' applications for leases,'' from the be scented, eocked-!iat-slutped | note to the official, business-like looking commu mention, like a window shutter, to fill a clothes basket. The reading of the "proposals" we have no doubt will occasion some fun to-night at the I theatre, as that op* ration will, we hear, be per formed by the lady herself, in the monologue of I " A Husband by Advertisement." 