ORIGINAL POETRY. TO THE -------- OR INSTANT WHICH BOTH SEPARATES AND UNITES THE YEAR 1858 AND 1859: Penned in Castlereagh-street, Sydney, whilst the Clocks of the City are striking, and a peal on St. Mary's Bells are "Ringing the Old Year Out, and the New Year In." "THE clock strikes 12! We take no note or Time But by its loss. To give it then a tongue Were wise in Man:" and if Man may use rhyme On this most solemn subject, so well sung In verse sublime, by the immortal Young, One who reveres the Poet and his theme-- In feeble strains, before it be too late To greet th' expiring year--(just like a dream That's told, divined, fulfilled!) will celebrate The obsequies of EIGHTEEN FIFTY-EIGHT. And as beseems the creature, too of Hope (Of all Man's sentiments the most divine), Will to imagination yield full scope, And let some rays anticipated shine Of pleasure at thy birth, young FIFTY-NINE. Ah! WHAT a THEME! This may indeed employ The Muse not only, but the mind and soul Of Man immortal! who, immortal joy, Or pain eternal (at his own control), May cause this epoch in his life t' enrol. What strong emotions should not this marked Time Bring to the mind of reas'ning, thinking Man? Who can the past reflect on, and no crime Recall to memory, if he dare to scan The flagrant faults of e'en his wisest plan? THIS is the only instant we can call Our own, of Time: and as we speak 'tis gone! Last year is PAST! and e'en a portion small Of this new year is cut off, or is drawn Away by Time, long e'er this day may dawn. But HAIL, NEW YEAR! whilst yet you are entire (At least within few minutes) greet ye well! The humble Bard dares proudly to aspire To court your smiles, and hopes next year to tell That, 'mongst all these past years, you nobly bore the bell! How may I gain your friendship? HOW best woo The treasures now entrusted to your care? How may I win of Fortune's gifts a few? How may obtain of happiness a share? How best procure attention to my prayer? You will not answer: then MY REASON MUST, As you would do, if you could stay the wing O! Time, though old so fleet. FEAR GOD--BE JUST-- Your talents carefully employ; then sing "My conscious good intents some PEACE, at least, shall bring." And if my hopes' ambitious efforts strong, To be of benefit to all Mankind, Be favored by kind Providence--e'er long 'Twill be my happiness by proof to find The plan is practicable I've designed Of locomotion. Doubtless bright success, Surmounting obstacles, to Man is sweet! But oh! what triumph this--the World to bless, By perseverance more than skill, and beat Opponents, and all prejudice defeat! But right or wrong, in error, or upheld By Fact and Science, when the test's applied, Be acrimonious controversy quell'd, Let Truth and Genius, cordially allied, Disclose new facts to be Australia's pride-- NOT FALSE-PRIDE, but true-glory: such 'twill be Unto the man, the country, and the age, Which may be privileged the work to see Fulfilled, predicted in this humble page As dawning now upon the World's wide stage. And if the prophet may himself not bring His plan to sound maturity, but one More favored than himself shall joyous sing Triumphant pæans when the work is done-- Remember him by whom it was begun, Designed, predicted, meditated, and Proclaimed throughout Australia as a new Means of propulsion, both by sea and land, Instead of steam--effective, powerful, true-- Let Justice give the palm to whom the palm is due. Am I accused of vaunting? I deny The charge IN TOTO. But the World will boast Of that which COGNOSCENTI say's a lie, And my sad memory will drink and toast T' appease the anger of my troubled ghost, Lest it should haunt them, and with dread surprise, Lash with deserved severity each scamp To whom the crime of "PREJUDICE" applies, And "humbug ignorance"--the sort of lamp To men pertaining of a certain stamp. E'en should I not succeed in my attempt, When fairly tried--what SAVANT is QUITE sure Success is hopeless? WHO smiled with contempt At steaming to America? The cure Of incredulity is TO ENDURE. COPERNICUS, COLUMBUS, GALILEO, NEWTON, WATT, FULTON, and more men of note, What would become of you, and what of me, oh! If great discov'ries rested on the vote Of all the *m asses which in ign'rance gloat? Is truth less true before it is made known, Than when established and displayed to all? When scientific mysteries are shewn, Whether by man of great note or of small. WHAT is the name by which new facts to call? Has gunpowder aught less expansive power Within itself, whilst kept away from fire, Than when its flames surround, destroy, devour The ship, the store, the church with lofty spire, Or burning city, with its woful pyre? Upon these arguments, I still maintain That undeveloped, yet the power exists In simple fluid, propulsion to attain, Which, as a dreaded evil, Man resists Who, to oppose, would enter on the lists. His name "Obstructionist," much pleased to think He may oppose HIS GENIUS, and declaim With shrewd sagacity, and knowing wink Of eye averted, hint the theory's lame, And "its propounder very much to blame." Be 't so: my sapient friend, and all his friends, Who lay their heads together, are the foes Of Science and of Progress! What amends Can they ever make who bitterly oppose A scheme of which each one so little knows? Well, "TIME WILL SHEW." A comfort this; and now Dear reader, fair and kind--so you appear-- I'll say "Good night," and humbly make my bow, Hoping my logic to your mind is clear, And wish you earnestly "New Happy Year." I must apolosise--I fear your eyes (Like mine) are tired. This is my worst of crimes, But oh! I hope you never will despise The rightful writer of these frightful rhymes:-- 'Tis the same Muse which used to fill the 'Times.' 'The Sydney Times' I mean, in days of yore, With PERPETRATIONS to be said or sung: If you are angry, let my Muse implore That you'll forgive her, and will not be stung To think one thought unworthy of your tongue. Was it to ME, fair reader, or my Muse, So tenderly you breathed "Good night, farewell?" Perhaps to BOTH. Well, neither will refuse The courteous greeting of such charming BELLE: But on this tender ground we must no longer dwell. N. L. K. January 1, 1859. 1 a.m. 