? ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. — o — [We are not responsible for the opinions and statements of our correspondents.] CATHOLIC OUESTIONS. No. IV. Is it an Oiivb Branch? S'n — There is something soothing — something particularly human — in the expression, 'Peace on earth to men of good will.' It tells us, that if our desires are ordinate, our intentions (rood, our inclina tions well-directed, that peace — heavenly peace — an emanation, as it were, from the centre of ineffable love, .will diffuse itself through our souls, and en Tich, fortify, and convert them into heavenly mansions. Where there is truth — complete, fixed, unerring truth — there ought to be peace, for doubt ? is the parent of anxiety and mental torture of many kinds. A number of secondary truths always un derlie or surround a grand central truth. These secondary, or illustrative truths, lead the common mind by an easy mode of ratiocination up to the contemplation of the highest and grandest truth, and to such realisation of it as is compatible with the finite grasp of our faculties. Thus the harmony which exists between the facts of science and the truths of revealed religion, is an obvious and an easy proof that One, who from His very nature transcends the facts, or is before them, is the author of these truths— the revelation is His. Christians alone (according to the beautiful teaching of Cardinal ?Wiseman) love the founder of their faith, while the originators of all other forms of religious belief are merely reverenced, admired, praised, or worshipped. From this condition of the Christian mind— this peculiar relation between the Christian and his Lord — we can easily, almost naturally, assert, such direction could never have been given to our affec tions, or our affections (narrow and carnal as they are) would never tend towards so high and super . sensuous a love, unless it were an effect of divine grace—a product of the eternal love. In the same way I look upon the peace offered — the peace pro mised—the peace vouchsafed again and again to the world, as the records of God's providence to men abundantly prove — as an additional proof of the heavenly character of our moral law. Peace in all its bearings, in all its aspects, seems to me one of the highest subjects for religious contemplation, and one of the loftiest themes for the Christian muse. Peace of any kind, whether in the moral or material world — whether it comes in the shape of the grand serene which succeeds a fearful storm at sea, or in the guise of a sweet reconciliation between man and man — must always have a charm for the well -formed mind and rightly-directed heart. We find even amongst Pagan philosophers some recog. nition and partial realisation of this truth. The old Romans shut the temple of Janus and used an olive branch : the Greeks deified theii ideal of blessed peace. These reflections crowded on my mind as I read the first few paragraphs in the pastoral letter of his Grace the Archbishop, which appeared in the Free man's Journal of Wednesday, Sept. 7. That docu ment gave me hope. It contained, as I interpreted them, words of unction, gentle advice, fatherly ex hortation, and even hints at organization — allusions to efforts about to be made for the development of piety and fervour. I can hardly say whether, after a third or fourth lection of the letter, this first impression of mine has altogether passed away j but this I can most positively declare — that the pastoral is obscure where we should like to find it clear j it is tender where it should be stormy ; and stormy where tenderness would be more telling. Just let me go, moderately and slowly, into the matter, and see whether I can or cannot establish these assertions of mine. Their establishment are hecessarily proemial to the question 1 mean to ask In the sequel, — Is the pastoral to he regarded as an Olive Branch, tr notl It candidly admits there is zeal (real or alleged) pmong the laity : — _' There seems to be no lack of zeal amongst the faithful j some even have reproached us of the Clergy with lukewarmness in the propagation of our Holy Faith. Let there be no longer any imaginable colour for such an imputation. You are, by your Bicred office, leaders and guides; let your own ' lights so. shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father who is in Heaven.1 If it be true that the prosperity which has been your lot, has not hitherto brought forth fruits as rich and various as were to have been ex ?pecterl, make now a fresh beginning, that all may Bay'1 hsec estmuta'tio de'xtrte Excelsi.' Every thing calls for activity and challenges your devotion; let . it be exemplary.' What is the natural inference from this oxtraot? That the people want more pushing forward— more co-operation from the clergy — in the spread ot ' pro pagation of our Holy Faith.' It means thus much or it means nothing. But immediately after this mild tcmnrk on the possibility of a lack of zeal on the pait of the clergy, we are informed— or they are exhorted : — ' ' Give system and permanency to the impulsive zeal which may else be transitory, and which must be. futile even while it lives.' Now this sentence of all others in the pastoral is to me the moBt mysterious. If it means that all lay zeal— which is the very zeal the clergy are now ex horted to emulate— no matter how long or short it it lusts, is futile— is a vain and profitless thing — it bears a meaning which sounds somewhat offensive to'orthodox ears; or, if it means that lay zeal is inevitably worthless unless animated by clerical eeal, it contradicts the evidence of history— the English clergy, exempli grat'ul, in temp. Henry VIII. full away exactly to one Bishop and about 200 secular priests, whereas, the people remained faithful in majority till long after the reign of Mary. If neither of these explanations evolves its moaning, what will 1 Ijmss over the remarks on State Aid, which, al though intended to put the question before the public philosophically, and in a manner far sui passing vulgar notions on the subject, aie, however, in one essential point defective— namely, in this : his Grace thinks ' the mass of people' willnot 'come forward regu larly and constantly' (the italics arc his Grace's) to discharge a Belf-dcnyiug duly. All Catholics be lieve that good works arc meritorious— they believe tliat in Hit order of charity the support of the altar ifcpne of the first of claims on thorn, nfter their own J-ecet,i3ti«aiekupp1icd— theytuve given practical pjoof iu toJund that [|M.y Ao ,1-)t j.,nore or Rhrhlk Us»n this gwe respoiitiMlily— why then should we .do .bo here? |s mt ,)atur-; cl)ai)1{v(i , Uave we im our Mlhi Have we shewed by no pecuniary demonstrations, that the strength of our strong at tachment to the old Failh is as sturdy arid unim paired under a sky of translucent blue as on the emerald fields of our youth 1 Why are poorhouscs — or workbonaes — so abhorrent to general Irish feeling at home 1 Why, because nine-tenths o those who supported the poor before the era of work houses feared they would lose an opportunity of meriting grace by not having it. in their power to give alms. If old. country Catholics regularly and cptt slantly fed the poor in the midst of national poverty, is it to be imagined that some of the same Catholics or their descendants, in the midst of com parative affluence (and inspired by the zeal and edifying example of several English converts), would suffer their clergy to want? I feel con. vinced there are not five priests in the country who think so. They feel — they know — the people will never desert them. The people won't, because to do so would be to abandon a clear moral obligation. However, this subject is beside my present question and object. I come to the practical part of the letter : 'We state the case to you plainly, not to disipirit and alarm, but to shew you that God's providence is addressing you by its especial voice, and is now inviting you to vindicate the honour of your voca tion by the promptitude and perseverance of your self devotion. Only lead on your flocks, and doubt not they will follow. Whoever amongst thorn has the true heart of Catholic faith will' infallibly re cognise and love the call of that priest whose words nre but the echo of his own deeds of Catholic faith and Iovp. We leave in your hands almost all de tails. Especially we place at your discretion the power of using, in what degree and mode you may judge best, theco operation of the laity in the collection of funds, the adjustment of accounts, and in devising plans to be submitted to the proper -authority, such as maybe thought expedient for the interests of reli gion in your several localities. Whatever freedom of action anyone's peculiar position or talents may lead him to desire shall be freely conceded, to the utmost extent consistent with good order and epis copal responsibility.' Now this is something. It meets a popular requirement. .But will it satisfy the popular de mand ? Does it authorise every priest to organize in his own mission a body of wardens (or church stewards) who shall be entitled to make by-laws, and otherwise take part in the management of the temporalities of the Church 1 Will the laity under this concession of the protocol be further entitled to a voice in the election of sites for churches and schools, in the adoption of a particular style of architecture, in receiving tenders for buildings, &c;, &c.; 1 Here, unfortunately, is an instance where that is obscure in the letter which should of all thing be made clear. However, there is one reservation made to this concession — rather a wide one, it must be confessed. It would be somewhat exceeding the just or judi cious limits of lay criticism to comment on tlr's point; but, if I am not mistaken, the clergy will think themselves justified in considering it: — ' We make only this one rule, and that in order to secure unity and certainty of action. It regards simply the times for collections in the churches. They should be made on the first Sunday of every month in the year. Eight of these monthly col lections shall provide, in connexion with the Society for the Propagation of the Faith, the general fund for the wants of the Archdiocese ; and four, the first of each quarter, shall be devoted to the education, the outfit, and passage of clergy who bind themselves to the mission of this colony. Also at every station the faithful shall be exhorted to discharge their duty in this regard, and two boxes bearing respectively the inscripiions ' For the Propagation of the Faith,' and 'For the Educa tion, &c;, of Clergy,1 shall be placed permanently in every Church. The result shall be periodically published for the common information of the clergy and laity, and to the end that in holy rivalry through every diocese and district you may ' pro voke each other to loye and to good works.' ' This is another specimen of the chiaroscuro. Will the eight collections, which are to form the general fund for the wants of the Archdiocese, be under the control — actual or moral — of any portion of the laity ? Will they have any voice in the best means of expending it ? will they be enabled to audit the accounts? will they be entitled to offer suggestions for the most profitable investment of church funds in God's service 1 Another question : Will any portion of it go to clothe, support, end educate the colonial candidates for the sacred ministry. This is all darkness, indeed : fiat lux ! I must wind up. As I said in the beginning, there is something consoling — something soothing — something somewhat hopeful — in this pastoral letter. But there is also much kept (intentionally or otherwise, I will not say) in the background. The remonstrance to the clergy is gentle where it should be earnest ; the allusion to the zeal of the laity is neither clear nor encouraging. What is the conse. quence ? Is the pastoral an overture of peace? Does it meet our wants, satisfy our demands 1 Is it straightforward, conceived in kindly spirit, calcu lated to gain over the wavering and bind all men in bonds of love ? Is it an emblem of peace — , , IS IT AN OLIVE DRANCU ? Whatever answer the reader will feel bound in conscience to give these questions, one thing is cer tain : if the clergy generally, warmly accept and generously interpret the archiepiscopal mandate, and go heart in heart and hand in hand with tht people, good results will spring — and spring toon, too — from the beneficent event. ULTAN. Mr. Thackeray. — The London corres pondent of the Inverness Courier has the following : — ' I mentioned lately that the publishers, Smith, Elder, and Co., had resolved on startiuj* a monthly magazine, and had secured the co-operation of Mr. Thackeray. The terfns of that co-operation are so remarkable as to be worthy of specific notice. Mr. Thackeray contracts to supply two tales, each ex tending to 1C parts, or carried over sixteen numbers of the magazine, and is to receive 3501. each part. The publishers, however, have a r'ghc to print in a separate form one edition of each of the tales. Thus the novelist has work provided for two years and eight months at the handsome allowance of 350/. a month. You may rely on the accuracy of this statement, and it certainly forms a curious and in teresting chapter in literary history.' The third Provincial Council of West minster will open on Tuesday, July 12th, at St. Mary's College, Oscott. Besides the Archbishops and Bishops, a Proviuciul Synod is attended by tho heads of religious orders, the Deputies olocted to represent tho Catholic Chapters, tho Theolo gians of the BisUopB and others who may bo in vited to tho Synod, and tho Procurators of absent prolntes ; the Secretaries, Masters of Ceremonies, Cantor, &c.; On the prcsont occasion, wo beliove all the English Bishops will assist at tho Synod i and his Graco tho Archbishop Coadjutor arrived in England a fow dny3 ngo for that purpose. Ono of the Bishops acts as Promofor of tho Synod, and he hns to tuko a prominent part in tho pro ? oeedings. Tho Cardinal Archbishop and Uislrops uiuko the visual profession of fuitli (roponting tho Oreod of Popo Pius, and confirming it with a flolomn oath) ut tho opening of tliu Synod, and tho proceedings of each day aro commenced with Mass of tho Holy Ghost, to beg tho Divino liglr and direction for tho usseia hied Bishops mid The. ologians. Soimons nro also preached and medita tions givon, and tho faithful ure admitted to these public exercises. Our readers aro nwaro that the Colloct of tho Holy Ghost bus beou recited at evory Muss in this Diocoae for somo timo past, to obtuin the Divino blessing on tho labours of tho Fat hum uud Rulers of the Church.. — Tablet 