NEW ZEALAND. CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN HIS EX CELLENCY THE GOVERNOR AND LORD BISHOP POMPALLIER. . ' . Auckland, Feb. 22, 1859. To the Very Reverend James Macdonald, V.G. Very Rbv. Sir, — We, the members of the Catholic communily at Auckland, would be thankful to you for your compliance with the followiug request. As we consider that the Catholic people of this Dioeese have felt justly hurl at the offensive ex pressions in Ihe Report read at the late meeting of the Auckland Auxiliary Bible Society, arid as no satisfactory apology has yet been made, we trust tha't you will be so kind as to furnish us with a copy of the Correspondence between His Excellency i ? ? the Governor and His Lordship the Bishop of Auckland on that subject. — We remain, Very Rev. Sir, yours most respectfully, .,...'.. (Signed) George Gallaiieii. ,???' .??, ?.:?. . James Grimley, ? . ? Michael Haydon. . ' Auckland, Feb. 23, 1859. Gentlemen, — In reply to your letter of the 22nd inst. I have obtained the permission from our Venerable Bishop to give you the enclosed two copies of the letters you request, concerning the last meeting of the Bible Society at Auckland. — I remain, gentlemen, yours very devotedly, James McDonald, V.G. To Messrs. G. Gallaher. J. Grimley, and M. Haydon. (To the Editor of the ' Auckland Examiner.') ; Auckland, Feb. 25th, 1859. Sin, — Having obtained from the office of the Catholic Bishoprick' of Auckland, through the mediation of ' the Vicar- General, the true copies of the letters of his Excellency Governor Browne, and of his Lordship Bishop Pompallier, respecting the ' last Meeting of the Bible Society, at Auckland, we citizens of Auckland, in behalf of our fellow Catholics, request you will have the kindness to - publish -with the within correspondence, No. 1, 2, and 3, the above two enclosed letters, 4 and 5, in the valuable ooluins of your newspaper. They may interest in a high degree Religious Science, and lead to Christian Charity. — We remain, dear Sir, yours, faithfully, (Signed) George. Gallaher. James Grimley. ; Michael Haydon. Government House, Auckland, 12th Feb. 1859 My dear Lord — I do not notice or reply to remarks which appear in the public journals j but I think it due to your Lordship to state, that I was present at a Meeting of the Bible Society, when remarks were mode upon the church of which you are the spiritual head in this colony, which I con sidered very objectionable. Not having seed the Report until it was read, I had not the power to prevent what occurred ; before I left the platform, however, I informed an in. flupntial Member of the Society, that I entirely ttis approved the use of expressions which could not fail to be ofl'ensive to a large and loyal part of Her Majesty's subjects, and requested him to inform the Committee that I could not preside again at any meeting where it was likely to be repeated. — Believe me, my dear Lord, yours, very faithfully, (Signed) T. Gore Browne. The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop Pompallier, ' ? ? ... . ' &c;, &c;, &c.; Aucklaiid, Feb. 15th, 1859. Sir— I feel thankful for your welcome letter of ?': the, 12th instant; ' It is an express disapprobation on the part of your Excellency of outrageous ex pressions against the Mother Church— the holy Co :tholic Church — and her visible chief Pontiff at Rome, of whom I have the honor to be a represen tative in the South sens for more than 22 years. Be your Excellency pleased that I open freely my mind to you, as I have done several times, in written and oral correspondence, since Providence and her Gracious Majesty have conducted you to Now Zea land. The holy Catholic Church is a heavenly store of wisdom, in which wo can at any time find principles quite sound in reason and faith, to apply them to the circumstances of difficulties and trials which may be met during this short life. The principles and spirit of Catholicity teach, to love God and men, whoever and wherever they may be ; to have respect and affection for the lawful and local superiors ; uiid to obey them with the laws ad ministered by them. Such principles, Excellency, rendered at once your person and authority cordially dear to the Catholics of this colony. To hear o your fulling into fhlso steps, not foreseen, and met by accident, grieves their good feelings. It is a Catholic, principle that the goodness or badness of religious systems is easily known by their effects or fruits. Hunce, fanatical expressions, uncharitiilileiiess, misrepresentations of doctrine and facts, used in meetings, as it has been the case in the last meeting of the Bible Society at Auckland, (how evidently th»t the holy Ghost v-the Spirit of Truth and Charity — was far from directing that As sembly, and from being the inspircr of their system, proceedings, and wordings. It is a Catholic principle that, when a tree is known by science or experience, the fruits which it may produce are known also by anticipation, and are expected as a matter of course. Now, as the Protestant Institution, with its various societies, is all grounded on the principle of veneration for the written Christian Law (tho Holy Bible) and upon the rejection of, or disobedience to, the Christian Pastorship of the Mother Church — the Holy Catho lic Church— of which the principal Head is at Rome, their expressions, of contempt towards her Pastors, even these fanatical ones ' Papal Antichrist,' &c;, imprudence, and all the faults emanating from disobedience, arise from the erroneous system itseH, and do not surprise any men of sound learning, ex perience, and reflection. The temporal authorities can scarcely find any chair of wisdom and pru. dence amongst it religious societies, and incur fre qnently the danger of injuring the confidence and cordial respect of their Catholic subjects, led by the principles of Catholicity and charity. It is a great Catholic principle that the Holy Ca tholic Church is to be known, heard, believed, and obeyed in religious matters. This is of divine pre cept, according to the creed itself of the Apostle, which is common to all denominations, and desires every one to say: — 'I believe the Holy Catholic Church.' To know the Bible is useful ; to obey the Church is necessary for salvation and security of mind and conscience. The Bible Society and its work are an institution and exertion incompetent, because they ar« far from being sealed with the ap probation of the Holy Catholic Church. Besides, experience shows that the population at large want more elementary notions, catechetical instructions, and abridgment of Christian doctrine and history, than to have all its depository in the Bible and other large books. The institution of the Bible Society, therefore, is not canonical, not logical, not ptudent, — reason, faith, and obedience cannot agree with its foundation, direction, and exertion. If, in the Holy Catholic Church, the Bibles that emanate from such societies are forbidden, it is not because she wishes to keep in concealment the Word of God, but because they are generally altered, incomplete, and very often delivered and read with comments that vitiate the true meaning of the Holy Bible ; and, at all events, because they are incompetently written, incompetently published, incompetently explained, and consequently they are subject to all the defects of errors, and all the deficiencies of omission, of ad dition, and of alteration which may accompany an institution and ministry uncommissioned by God and by the agency of his -lawful pastorship in the Holy Catholic Chuch. What danger for the prudence of gentlemen placed by Providence to rule the people, to sit and preside at the work towards the written Christian Law, separated from the living Christian Pastorship ! — Quomodo audient sine preedicante? Quomodo pisedicabunt nisi vnittantur (legitime) ?— [Rom. c. 10. v. Hand 15.] Finally, the analogical vices of the Protestant system are well known by-learned men, principally in England, where they are flocking by scores to the holy Catholic Church as to the principle of life. But the vice of the Protestant system, if applied to society itself, is indeed as palpable as terrific ; for its principle, obedience to the written law — private and free interpretation of that law — and contempt of the livingauthority.could only be followed by adeluge of evils. If, indeed, it could be said in the colony, with veneration to the English law, some expressions equivalent to these — Down with the English au thority — as Protestantism says of the pastorship of the Mother Church, what consequences of divisions, and scourges, and disturbances would follow in the country ? In such a supposition, impracticable, the more the English books would be multiplied, and the creation of incompetent chief rulers, judges, and magistrates would be made, in lieu of the lawful ones despised and disobeyed, then the more the ve nomous plant of disobedience would spread, with all its elements of sedition, confusion, and ruin. God forbid such evils in society ! and may his grace teach all people of the earth to obey their lawful superiors ns Jesus Christ himself, according to the Catholic principle, preached by St. Paul, (Heb. xiii. 17 and Eph. c. vi. v. 5), and consequently to vene rate and obey both the Christian law and the Chris tian pastorship, the divine truth and the divine au thority, in its lawful pastors, who, by the fact of their unbroken succession up to the first pastors of Christianity, compose in all ages and nations a moral body, with which Jesus Christ remains every day up to the end of the world, according to his own promise. To insult, then, such ministers is a rela tive blasphemy to tho adorable Master who is repre sented by them. Still, in the present circHmstances of the reli gious divisions of Christians, the Holy Mother the Church, and her rulers, of wisdom imitate the pru dence of her heavenly spouse, the master of the evan gelical field, saying : ' Let them grow up to the har vest' ' — siiiite utraque crcscerc usque ad messem. Then the fruit will show the nature of the seed and of the ?swings, and be tho object of condemnation for error, or tho reward for truth. They assuredly will show the divinity of the Holy Catholic Church, which is a spiritual mother in her spiritual- parent pastors, and can never be a sister church to all the others, which are her offspring, by the most notorious history. She is rejoicing for the obedience and sal vation of those who remain united to her, and does not cease weeping over others who separate from her as streams from their source, and leave behind them places more or less vast and long, and ending inevi tably in dryncss, sterility, and annihilation. They may during the time of her existence, raise frequently their matricidnl hands against their Mother, ns did Arius, Pelagius, and so many others who rebelled and disappeared, but, they find always that her body of faithful are like divine buildings, of which the materials are hard Hko heavenly dia monds, which break asunder the weapons of aggres sion, and wound sometimes very severely the cha racter of her antifilial aggressors. May they return to their Mother, whose merciful heart can never be closed against souls, who arc her own children by baptism, and who have been like sheep led astray. Her bitterest tears are especially shed over those who, obstinate in blindness, will see in the visible chief pastor of the Church, in his chiir at Rome, a Pontiff anti -Christian, as the Jews, being obstinate, to consider in the adorable Saviour of men a man led by the demon, have at length been struck by the hands of the living God, into which it is horrid to fall. Horrcndum cst tKciderc in maims Dei viventis. AlaB ! the beautiful temple of that beloved people, their city, their nation, have all perished, and their dispersion amongst the people of the earth speaks everywhere of their past great mischief. How grateful I am to God, whose hand Ins j enabled my pastoral exertions to remove or prevent very serious evils several times in New Zealand ! ' May the flambeau of the living Bible, namely, the Word of God, either written or not, but always united with the divine testimonies and the living authority of the Church, light all nations, and i apply to them the grace of redemption ! By this long letter . I hope not to have displeased your Excellency, but to have shown to you some of my great and cordial esteem. I finish by repeating that I have received with gratitude your letter of the 12th inslant. It has brought to me some consolations, which were wanted not only by my respect and obedience to the Mother Church, whose lambs and sheep I feed in this province, but also by my devotedness to the population of New Zealand, white and natives, and by a confidence in your Excellency which, I ob serve, was shaken in a great many persons of this colony. I am induced more and more by your letter to be confirmed in a thonght which I have received from my personal acquaintance with your Excel lency, and which I am far from having lost — that your loyalty and nobility as a 'high officer in the military profession, and as a distinguished repre sentative of Her Gracious Majesty, could never agree with anything that would breathe fanaticism in proceedings and expressions. May your disapprobation said on the platform of the meeting, to an influential member of the Com mittee of the Bible Society, and written officially to me, please the Almighty, and cause the reparation of the notorious outrage committed in that meet ing, not only against the faithful Catholics and loyal subjects of Her Gracious Majesty in New Zealand, where they are a local minority and still a large population of this colony, but also against the Holy Mother the Catholic Church, who is always the great majority of Christians on earth, and against her Chief Visible Head at Rome — may' the confidence of all the Catholics of my flock be returned to you with the blessings of the Good Shepherd in Heaven ! Be pleased to accept, as a token of my cordial esteem, the enclosed small book on the Catechetical Notion and History of the Word of God, written and published by him who has the honour to be, Sir, your Excellency's most 'humble, obedient, and devoted servant, t J. Br. Fs. Pompallier, R. C. Bishop of Auckland. To His Excellency J. Gore Browne, K.C.B., Governor-in-Chief of New Zealand. 