;MEMORIES OF MELBOURNE. (From Chambers' s Journal.) Nothing inanimate has a more animate expres- sion than a ship or boat. Did you ever notice how a barge, moored under a bridge upon a scorching July day, seems to enjoy the shade ? Even hotter than this present almost unprecedented July is the Australian February; and on a February day in '53, I stand upon Liardet's Jetty, watching the deserted craft in Hobson's Bay, blistering and broiling in the sun. Can you not fancy them a flock of melancholy marine Marianas, hopelessly mourning for their Jacks who never more return ? The sun- browned ports have the lack-lustre look of the eyes grown dim with watching. 'He cometh not,' moans every creak- ing cable. How sullenly that nearost barque swings with the turning tide! 'What's the good,' she seems to say, of pointing my nose seawards ? Never again shall I sweep, albatross - like, over ocean billows. Never shall I refold my weary wings and glide, proud and happy as a ?wan, between banks bright with. English grass.' II ut, see, far out there, there is sign of life on board. A flag flutters to the peak — a signal for the water- police boat. A crew have been en- trapped, when drunk, to take the ship home, and now repent them of their bargain. Swift as a mackerel, the sumnoned galley shoots across the bay. In a few minutes she is alongside. The se- cond-mate flings the man in the bow a line, and the constables clamber up the side like cats. After a brief scufilc on tho forecastle, the ringleaders of the riot are in irons ; the rest of the quelled rebels sullenly soowl on the constables, who, squatted on inverted buckets, coolly smoke their pipes. Their inspector, in company with the chief offi- oor— both puffing their choroots— parades the poop. The police are waiting to aid in taking out the ship. Once fairly at sea, Jack, after a little — vigorous but unvenomous bad language, will yield to Destiny, and calmly do his duty. I have just lowerod the glass through which I have been watching this little affair, when I hear an outcry upon tho pier. The skipper of the out- ward.bounder has been on shore to complete his complement. He is a big, brown, Bristol man, with muddled bloodshot eyes, blue coat, streaked at the seams as though with whitewash, and tarnished gold-lace band. With him are the two boys who pulled him ashore, and whom he has been obliged to take with him in his man-hunt, lest they should decamp. Behind are two sailors, caught, overnight, like their mates on board, and, like them, now repentant. A wiry colonial crimp, with a bludgoon pooping from ono of tho many pockets of bis Tweed shooting-jacket, clutches their collars in his muscular grip, and, with strenuous knee-applied a -posteriori arguments, enndeavours to urge them forward. Tho haoknoy. ooaohman, who has brought tho party from town, having first pocketed his exorbitant fare, follows railing, and striving to got up a rescue for the fare —old and liberal customers of his. Suddenly they plump themselves down upon the planks, and swear they will not budge another inch. The skipper lugs ; tho crimp propels ; the apprentices, partly through follow-feeling, partly through fear of futuro fo'c's'le retribution, preserve a strict neutrality. A warder from tho Pentridge Stock- ade, who has been waiting for a boat to take him off to the Hulks, volunteers his services on the sido of tho law. As soon as his blue and red uniform mingles in the chaos of writhing bodies and twining arms and legs, a party of sorgo-shirted, swarthy, 'old Den'cnters,' who hnto tho govern ment livery as the fiend hates holy-wutor, ru3h florcely into tho fray. Tho jurvio, meanwhilo, bo - labours skipper, crimp, and constnblo with a heavy hand and tho heartiest of wills. If the sailors wore not handcuffed, they might get off; but, at last they aro bundled, neole and crop, like ehoep, into tho ship's boat ; tho master mid boys jump after thorn, and away sho goes through the greon wator. John boats n \u\sty rotrnat to his box ; tho oxcon victs, too, think it ndvisablo to inako thomsolvcs ocarce, and run to their whale-boat. Sho pushes off so hnotily, however, that ono of their number is loft behind. Tho crimp and warder, with backs ! still smarting from his blows, rush at him to seouvo him j but, liko a great- Newfoundland dog, ho flounders into tlio eon, regains his companions after a few lusty strokou, id drugged on board, a hoop of dripping ilimncl, and departs pulling bow-oar, and taking n sight of his discomfitted pursuers. A tug aoon uplashcs over tho bar of tho Yarra Yarra, and takes the Bristol ship in tow, and so that little phase of colonial life is finished. A boy upon the pier, thin as a threadpaper, iB selling pastry — a scanty .tray full of stole, melan choly tarts. His face has just the samo worn-out, hopeless look. I buy a puff, sapid and tough aB leather, that I may learn his history. Ho is ready enough to tell me his sorrows, poor lad, catching nt a tone of kindness with an eagerness that makes my heart ache. Ho is a surgeon's son, came out to Melbourne two monthB ago'with a fow pounds in his pockot, and a perfect stock of letters of introduction, and now in rags, is hawk ing stalo tarts about the streets. He must sell half his atoek before -ho can get a dinner. Ho sleeps ' anywhere,' lid says. Well may ho add, ' O what would mdthor say if she could see me 1' He is but a typo of a class. Hundreds of such puny creatures, as fit for the rough struggle of colonial life as a minnow to stem tho torrent of Niagara, found their way to Melbourne, and a pauper's grave, during the continuance of the gold roBh. This youngster hails from Clifton ; and anything more pathetic than the gaze w ith which he follows the Bristol ship fading in tho distance I have never seon.' Many a time has he watched Buch a vessel gliding past St. Vincent's Rocks. She soon will be floating on the familiar Avon, but he may never see it more. It was a cruel, cruel thine to listen to the noor foolish fellow's fancies, and let him leave his home in a madcap hunt for fortune ! Here comes a ship with more such victims. Her fresh-painted sides,' 6orapod spars, and tarred rigging, gleam glossy in tho sunlight. The red ensign flaps in dazzling folds about tho peak ; her house flag floats proudly from the main. Her passengers, too, ore in holiday aUire. Clustered upon tho forecastlo, thoy curiously eye the shore. Sail after sail ceases to Bpeck tho Bky with snow. The lowering jib bulges out in a broad balloon, as the cable rattles through the hawse-hole like a myriad of shot bricks, and tho plunging anchor scares the ocean nymphs or oysters. Officials pull alongside, and as soon as their in spection is over, lighters and a steam-boat follow. Into the latter, on whose paddlo-box stands her captain, flamingo-like, in form and flamingo- hued in face, pour those of the passengers who are most impatient to touch land. The former are patron ised by those who wish to make but one job of debarkation, and take their luggage with thejn now. For its eight mile river-carriage they will only have to pay a little more than it would cost if sent as cargo from London to the Bay. The steamer having embarked its share — including all the ' shilling-a-month men' amongst the crew, with which their chests and bundles, and, no doubt, a deserter or two, who have sneaked over the side with close-shorn cheeks and landsman's apparel to trick the watching mate — puts off, and after a fow calls at other ships, points its head to the river. Lighter after lighter, loudly cheered by those left on board, and echoing back thoir cheerB, staggers ? away beneath its high-piled load. I romember how, but a fortnight ago, I thus landed, full of hope, and feel contemptuous pity for the dupes who aro sailing, singing, to their doom. I can picture to myself her trip. The shoro may look unin viting, with its baked soil and stunted treeB j but what is that but the rough rind of the rich pome granato? Iho Yarra Yarra's muddy yellow is Pactolian in their eyes. But let them see false visions whilst they may. Why dash their hopes, colonial Cynic, in that passing cutter, with thy cruel, 'Sing away 'boys — you'll want all your spirits beforo the week's out !' Tho chant does thee no harm — it only wakes the pelicans dozing liko gorged aldermen upon the banks. So the poor dreamers glide gaily along the coffee- coloured stream — the fetid fumes of tallow from the 'boil ing down' establishments that fringe its sides im- pinge upon their nostrils, if not as fragrance, still as most venial mal-odours ;they thread the maze of shipping that chokes the approaches to the wharf — cordage crossing liko cat's cradles, figure-heads impertinently peering into neighbouring cabins, bowsprits athwart of booms like foncer's foils — with hearts that thump like steam-engines at their proximity to tho city wherein, Whittington-like, thoy expect to pick up gold — and then are bundled with their boxes on the landing-place, to find them selves alone and to look out for a home. A Pelion-upon-Ossa of luggage is piled upon the wharf ; more lies mouldering in a bog hard-by. A Pickford's van, if it could get the price for car riage that the draymon ask, might make a hand some little fortune by a single trip. Even those who can afford to pay their preposterous demands these supercilious gentlemen, seated half-snoozing on their shafts, treat with the scantiest courtesy. Well, they don't care, hut perhaps they will talce a job. Their employers, however, have to extract their own trunks from tho mountain of chattels of which they form a part— with a savage jerk like a village dentist's — and heap them on the dray. We, meanwhile, first stepping into the inn upon tho loft for a glass of porter (price 8d.) will turn Jlolbourno-wards along the Sandridge Road. Since the time of which I speak, so rapid has been the growth of the magnificont Melbourne mushroom, that handsome houses have sprung up on each side, and the road is a bustling thorough- faree. But at my now, it isn't safe to traverse the heavy, sandy track after dusk ; except the hotel, no tenements but tents abut upon it. We read with wonder in Macaulay that, not many decades of years ago, sportsmen blazed away over what now is Regent-street : cities, liko everything else, leap into maturity beneath a southern sun ; my Sandridge Road is as arhfoological as the historian's Regent Btreot after tho lapse of six years only. Melancholy-looking marquees of every imagina- blo form lino tho roadside, and play at hide-and seek, as it were, amongst the gum trees. Outside one hangs a brass-plate, inscribed ' Establishment for Young Ladies.' Where in that gipsy-dwelling can the piano be stowed ? Who are the 'first-rate masters' that stoop their heads beneath the looped-up portal ? Can any of the scared, squalid folks around find money to pay school-bills, or any of their draggle-tailed girls leisure from their maid of-all-work to go to school? Poor Miss Pinkerton, I fear, sighs for tho old house in Chiswick Mall, whoso sun- blistered door now shows an oblong of greou paint, frosh almost aa when first laid on, pierced with four gaping acrow holes. Little did the man who engraved that sobor, stny.at-homo plivto, inmgino that its brass would ovor flash back tho brilliance of Australian Bunlight. Lot us turn asido to tho right for a minute or two, and v.amlcr by tho Ingoon. Tho scanty grass, sparsely sprinkled with a pirbald scentless violet and a fow Btnr-shnpccl flowers, lilau and yellow, crneUlos beneath the tread, and tho quaint foliago of tho dingy, dreary trees scorns, aa it blnzcB in tho sun, out out of tin. Tho air grows cooler as wo approach tho pond, around which scores of bullfrogs croak in donfoiung chorus, and bonoath tho wators of which the yellow lily ducks its gleaming head, as though-it feared a sun-stroke. The trees seem to crowd around the -lakelet for the sake of its amabile frigus, some with bark hanging in ragged patches from their trunks — very disreputable look ing trees — trees out at elbows, as it were ; hero and there, one without a vestige of bark upon itss tem, whito, graceful, smoothed, and stripped, seemingly, in readiness to bathe. You think of Musidora when you mark its toe-like roots just dipped into the water. Tho hot light coming down bo silently gives everything a lonely, dream .like look. The oppressive hush that reigns around is only broken by tho lulling buzz of flieB innumerable, or the startling cry of birds. Australian birds can Bhriok, Bflold, whistle, croak, laugh, and ohatter; but, save a few that are always trying over and over again the first bar of o tune they havo got hold of — waxing pettish at their impo tence to get any further, and then relapsing into sulky silence — they have no more notion of tinging than a Quaker; The gorgeous plumage of parrots, paroquets, and lories, glints back the sunshine with a metallic! lustre ; cockatoos flit ghost-like from bough to bough ; long black snakes, with white waistcoats, striped with pink, wriggle out of your path, favouring you, as they go, with a glance of ' dull and treacherous hate' from their cruel oyes. An attenuated iguana, liko a orocodile's wraith) regards you from yon charred, jagged, decayed, tooth-like stump with tho strange old-world ex pression of its race. You feel that it must have lived centuries, and holds within its wrinkled bosom secrets common only to its tribe, and those of long-departed Wackfellows. A branded brood mare and her colt fling up their heels as you draw near, and with an offended whinny scamper fur ther into tliB scrub ; a few stray cattle stop grazing as you go by, aud slowly raising their beads inspect you anxiously at first j but the anx iety soon passes into contempt. They are colonial cattle, and therefore despiso an Englishman. The brindled heifer mutters to tlio dan cow - '1 won der what that new fellow's doing here — I don't much think he knows himself;1' and then down go the heads again — chump — cranch—chwnp. Thero is a sudden whirr above the yellow reeds that fringe the water with their plumps of pennoned spears. Bronze wings and purple polls embosa the sapphire sky with darker brilliance. Bang bang, bang-hang — four barrels have brought down as many wild-ducks; and thatjqueer mongrel.— more like a bundle of tarred oakum than a retriever — leaps into the lagoon, and brings tho splashing birds to land. His joint-owners are two fellow passongera of mine: one — the shabbier — lato our greatest swell j the other, our greatost scamp ; by profession, I believe, a sweeps Both being tolerable shots, and too lazy to set earnestly to work, they have fraternized into- a sporting firm, and supply the hotel-keepers with the dainty Sambo ha3 juat brought aBhoro. The sweep, I see, bullies the swell considerably ; and, remembering tho airs tho puppy gave himself on board, I am not sorry to see it. A famous place to take the conceit out of a young fellow is Melbourne just now. Every man is valued, precisely at his working- worth. Potts thinks himself quite equal, and in most oaees far superior, to Plautagonet. How is it that there are no cltiffonniers in Mel bourne. They might pick up not dirty beggarly rags alone, but suits complete, from hat to boots, scarce soiled. The amount of cast-away clothing, hardly the worse for wear, that we seeas wo walk from the lagoon to Emerald JJill, puzz'is you, does it not, my friend ? I am not a sufficient adept in ' old-clothes philosophy,' to explain the mystery. We want Horr Tenfelsdrb'ckh fof a hicrophant. I don't wonder at stockings being thrown away, since it costs moro to wash them than to buy them. Yonder poor lady at the tent door there is trying to diminish her household expenses by doing her self the family's washing. With sandalled shoon, and blaok barege dress hooked up about her hips, she makes a laundress, at whom ono knows not whether to laugh or cry. That slim, elogant girl, her daughter, has no time now for crochet ; with a willow-pattern plate, she trots off to tho neigh bouring butcher's for the meat. One son is chopping down a blasted tree for firewood ; another digs a tronch about tho tent, to carry off the rain that is pretty suro to descend at nightfall. Pater familias, an oleaginous cockney, sprawls on the chests inside, reading the advertisements in the Argus— he'll never make a colonist. An old con vict, who occupies the nearest tent, and who has shewn much rough kindness to tho new arrivals,' saunters up, and indulges in a littlo harmless badi nage with his pale protegee at tho wash tub. Conos and polygons of canvas stretch in a strag gling encampment along tho hillside, owned by thoso who have not as yet been able to obtain lodgings in the town. When thousands of emi grants aro pouring into the harbour weekly, it is hard work to get a brick- and.mortar domisile. There is tho patch where my little party raised its pole. Wo engaged a room in an unfinished house the day we landed, and have just got into it. Thero are only three rooms and a strip of yard in the premises, but tho rent is four hundred a year. Wo pay tho greater part of this for our own scant accommodation, and think ourselves well off. Tent life is nice enough for q day or two ; you fancy .yourself at a porpetual picnio : but when, time after time, you return dispirited from the town, having found that you might as well have used your glowing recommendatory letters as shaving-paper ; whon the wind blows out your fire, beforo which you kneel in hungry expectation'of a oliop ; '' when the rain floats your boxes, and BoakB your mattress ; above all, if you have to lie ill and untended for the live-long day, tont-lHo soon loses its charms. Our doctor, I find, has still to hang out here; it servos tho rascal right. When I was writhing with English cholera, ho would not step across to see mo, be cause I could not pay in advance tho monstrous fee ho asked. vVcll may the thirst for gold be called accursed, when it converts the normally generous sons of Gulon into skin-flints. But though Emerald Hill is a comfortloss place, Cnnvas Town, on tho opposite sido of the valley, is far worse. I havo been through it onco, and have no wisli to venturo thcro again. Typhus is raging in that suburb of sodden sail-cloth. You would havo to wade through filth kueo-dcep, Bond ing up its pestilential fumes beneath tho swelter ing sun. You would Btand u vory good ohanco of being robbed in broad daylight by somo of the numerous roughs that hector about tho stinking alleys. You would come back with a soul sick ened by the rampant selfialmoss and hopeless inisory that you had eeon. Decency h dead in Canvas Town. Only yesterday thoy put a corpse : into a pork-barrel there, buried it in tho middles of a tent, and sang its dirge with drunkon howl ings. If you want to convinco yourself of tho truthfulness of Thucydides, Boccaccio, and Dofoe, in their descriptions of tho brutalising influences of the plague, you may descend that slopo, and make your observations ; but I would rather bo excused. We will not go eitbor into the Botanic Gar dens, on our way into the- town ; they have still, in thoir incipient condition, a droarily chaotic look, and as a place of ' retired leisure,' seem aomehow to intensify the feeling of worry with whioh the mad bustle of Melbourne inspires ono. I said just now that emigrants expected to find Melbourno paved with gold. After all, tho hope is not so absu rd, since this handsome bluo arch on which wo stand — the Prince's Bridgo— is built of auriferous quartz— a ' golden bridge,'' in plain fact, instead of tho elegant metaphor of Russian diplomacy. Over it come trooping a horde of Chinamen. Baggy and bluo aro their breeches, shirt-liko their bluo frocks. Their hats are beehives ; their shoes are small canoes. Each bears a bamboo upon his Bhoulder, from tho ends depend his 'bundles, liko pails from a milkman's yoke.' Some have got rid of their tails. Those who havo not are reminded of their eol-like pos sessions by the pulls that they over and anon re ceive from the saucy colonial youth, who, jeering, follow the flat-faced, almond-eyed train, as it trots past me. I- understand Elia's 'Imperfect Sym pathies,' and feel to tho full Do Quineey's horror of China. There is plenty of some kind of brain behind those sallow brows. I do not look upon thoir ownors as an inferior race, but I cannot in any way place myself in moral rapport with them. They are not beneath me, but alongside, with an impassable gulf between us. Their very glances and gestures require an interpreter as much as their language. If you are an ethnologist, you will find abun dant materials for your favourite study as we pursue our walk. Jabbering Frenchmen j Germans witli the heavy, feeer-bemuzzed countenance that characterises tho Teutonic race ; sweetly smiling Italians ; Spaniards proud and greasy ; burly Danes ; little Eurasians ; savage-eyed Malays ; tattocd, broad-breasted Maories ; drunken black fellows with their gins Bwathed in Bcarit drapery of blanket ; American niggers marvelling to find themselves ai good as anybody else able to pay his way, and ludicrously bumptious as a consequence ; lean, yellow Yankees, with thoir national look of dyspeptic billiard-markers ; abovo all, hosts of tho hook-nosed pets of Mr. Disraeli; blend with the crowds of gaping English, shrowd-visaged Scotch, grinning Irish emigrants, and the tanned, rough spoken, genuine colonials, who throng the long wide streets. A comical kind of mongrel Jew, too, you see occasionally — the British Israelite. His collarless coat, broad brim, and bristling beard, give him the look of a fast Quaker. Police cadets, stroking their incipient moustaches, and savagely clinking their spurs and sabres; escort-men in braided coats, armed to the teeth, dashing into town with their precious charge ; travellers bound bushwards with pistols at their saddle-bows— sending one's thoughts back to Dick Turpin's days ; diggers, 'down on the spree,' driving about in hackney coaches, with ostrich-feathers in their wide-awakes, and drinking champagne from buckets ; files of anxious-eyed expectants- besieging the addresses of the advertised vacancies in tho morning's Argus ; oxpress-varis starting from, and literary adventurers with desperation in their dis appointed eyes departing from, its office ; a mob at the post- oflice^fiercely fighting their way up to its pigeon-holes for their letters ; weather-board hovels beside princely palaces j tilings ticketed a3 'very dear,' to teinut the' purse-proud luekv portion of the populace to .buy ; everlasting auctions; 'gold bought in any quantity' dis played in staring placards in every second window in the leading thoroughfares ; bullock-teums scratching brougham panels with thoir branching horns ; and, now that it has begun to rain, drays aoting as ferry-boats across the gutters swollen into rivers— are a few of the sights most likely to attract a strangor's notice. If you step into one of thoso low ' freeand easies' — of course, for the landablo purpose of ' enlarging your experience'— I would adviso you to bo moderate in your libations ; not to seem too flush of money ; to refuse the polite invitation of the tall, pale, beardod gontloman on your right to take a hand at whist ; and to find your way back to your lodgings without the guidance' of that low-browed fellow, in the blue shirt, who, having encored Madame Carandini's singing all the oven ing with sham-tipsy howls, will offer you his escort when tho house closes, in a Budden excess of friendliness towards a stranger ' who don't know his whereabouts.' Melbourno swarms at present with London blacklegs and ' gentlemen from over the way' — the colonial slang for Tan Diemonians. Your friond in the bluo shirt will knock you on the head in the first lonely corner into which ho leads you. Besides conoert-rooms, wherein drunken dig gers hand pewter pots of claret to tho pritna donna, and pelt the pianiste's bald head with' orange peel, Melbourne has not muoh evening entertainment to offer you. True, there are some excellent lectures evon now at the Mechanics' In stitute ; but these, in your new-arrivals eagerness to ' see life,' no doubt, you will think slow. Like tho boy with tho bread and cheese, you can get them at home. Come back to Melbourno in a little time, and you will find a magnificent theatre, unrivalled out of London, and lyrio and dramatic urtistes making fortunes in a season. The only Thespian fane, I think, as yet erected, is an Ame rican circus, pitched in a dusty wilderness some where in tho suburbsr-a great-blind coloaseum of wood and canvas. Where Bhall you go on Sunday ? Why, there's the Catholic Cathedral, with its mortar-splashed brick and empty niches — as though oven the church grow wicked, in this sinful city, and ran short of saints — or tho Scotch Church, or the Methodist, or tho Independent, or tho ' Beardie,' or tho — but the catalogue i'b too long to chronicle. Evon if you be a Mormonite, you can find a taber naolo to suit you, and, V much fear, wherevor you go, a good many empty pows to pick from. For my own part, after my long, dreary, weary Sunday of loneliness in crowds, I like to slip into old-fashioned St. James's Church, when tho sunbeams aro westering and the sky begins to cool, and link myself, in a shadowy way, with homo onco inoro, by joining in tho old-fashioned responses of tho Book of Common Prayer. Whilst our evening-hymn sinks, dew-liko, through tlio dusk in dying cadences, bells in far-away old England are ringing in worshippers to morning sorvico ; but, seated in my quiet corner, I forget tho difference of time, and picturo to rnysolf my parish church aglow with evoning Bunlight, or fading in gay, tranquillising gloom. Tho blushing beams again batho tho timo-worn tablets in a ruddy brillianco j gloaming comes creeping up tho aisles, and dims tho familiar faces in the nearest pows ; tlio happy hush of an English Sabbath 1 evoning breathes round me ; when suddenly tho congregation scatters, and I remember that thou sands of miles of foaming sea and city, Bprinklod plain and height, lie between me and tho dear, dear old homo ! ' 