HUNT AT BOTHWELL. Tbe Melton Mowbray Hounds, by the sporting liberality of their worthy master, met at the " Castle," on Thursday inst, HO AS to afford an opportunity to the many visitors attending the Ploughiug Match, on the day previous, of a rattliug gallop with his "spotted darliug$.'' Shortly after breakfast time, horsemen were seen coming from all directions, cinteriug, trotting, walking, or galloping, (accordiug to their individual hurry or excitement), up to Host Bowden'a door, bud about 11 o'elook the pack were marcballed on the green iu front of the Hotel- After a somewhat active consumption of jumping powder," the cheering horn sounded an "advance," and a cavalcade of no less than 57 horsemen merrily obeyed the call. Under the guidance of Mr Axford, Mr Blacktrell eteeicd for the Scrunby Ilill, on that gcutleman'd run, nor were we long beating about before waving sterns and occasionui challenges toli that game was somewhere near. Ou the side of the little She Oak Hill, the hounds suddenly burst Into glad chorus, and dashed away at full bat. A tally ho < in the gully told which way the flier had pone, nor was it many seconds before the "old hands" were settled down to the work evidently cuv. out for them, and climbing the opposite steep. When nearly on the top, the j tangwoo doubled back, and made for the ! Scrubby Hill, at the foot of which a large log feic0 ™ a serious hiudrauce to many, j However, by dint of persuasion and pluck, some rode over.soTie tumbled over, and others ( le5s cour.geons) led over, ana me majority ; ™re apeed.ly in 00mpanyaga.0. IlJUnd ,be b>U, and mto some ' : we g.Uopedaway ata BUshng paoc u , l ,he . hounds suddenly heaied back and after a self-made cast, showed us that their quarry ™ thc Ind'klls , gon(s on uis t4k9.'' A^r tt oros8i the fe,^, which the recently < ^ 4 gap9 s ml,lc mor0 cs8y< t]lc »ne "^ibeBothwell Koad. tl.rongh Pitcai Marsh, round Patterson's Hill, and then into the Grass Hill Paddock. Here the great difficulties of tbe'day occurred for those who were not well mounted, as four or Ave fences of rather formidable appearance had to be cleared, or otherwise allowed to act as barriers to any further enjoyment. Some charged gallantly, and got safely over; but not a few found themselves in unpleasant contact with mother eartb, and had the additional grief of seeing tbeic nags careering away " oa their ownliook." This part of the ruu was most truly enjoyable, the i.ountry hein? open, the grouod sound, the pace excellent, and just sufficient jumping ;to give zest to those who love the "dangers of the field." Afer getting over the enclosures, and repeatedly viewing the loog tailed 'ail, who showed signs of having had nearly enough of it, we {had a smart rally over a clear bush, and then came in eight of Mr. Ibbott's homestead. Three times did we run the kangaroo over the creek and through the Stock yard, until at last be sunk under a fence he h&d; not the strength to leap, Mr Aiford was the first to get hold of him, and he begged his life as a return for the sport he had afforded. The run from end to end must have been at least 11 miles, and there was never a check of more than 10 seconds. The little dogs behaved most surprisingly well, and proved tha: their pace is not to be "sneezsd at" by thebest mounted horseman. Before there had been hardly time to dismount, the hospitable door of Mr Ibbott was thrown open, and a fair Hebe administered to the wants of the thirsty huntecB. Welcome, indeed, was the *' stirrup cup," though, ere a draught wa< imbibed, each class was elevated on high, and the welkin rang responsive echoes to the health of the Noble Master of the Melton Mowbray Paok. . Man, horse, and hound having had nearly enough of it, Mr Blackwell proposed a return to Bothwell to lunch. The hint was gladly accepted, And at Host Bowden'a a large party sat down to a " glorious feed," many doing wonders in the way of grub whofte coppers had been too hot to allow the enjoyment of .breakfast befjre the start. From first to last the utmost qnod hnrnour «Jii sportsmanlike feeling was exhibited during the day, th9onlv fault to lie ha found being that the young hands kept too doss to the hounds. Another tryst is talked of, nnd if it cime off, that he may be there to eeia the earnest wish of NTMROD'S GHOST 