{ : I ' TJsk^TillA. k \i ; *4 X '] w ? ? - . ?? ' . ..-_?: 'I ' -J- .. .. . ' . . :? fur advices are to the -3rd instant. Nothing of irnjortanee. Ir. L'Estage had arrived at Circular Head from th Hunter's, where he had been engaged putting up pc ts for the intercolonial telegraph. He is now simi lai y occupied at Circular Head; lie third contest between Mr. Allwright's Randall an Mr. W. V. Smith's Countess came off on the If r Town Bacecourse, on Tuesday. Weights, .11 at. 5 '. . This was a steeple- chase match for £100, taken, th last at Brighton having been a flat race. Mr. SrKth weighed for Countess, and a lad from Port PHUip, known as 'Little Sammy,' came up for KAdall. At the start Countess led the way, taking thaSrst two fences, closely followed by EandaJL At thethird fence the horse struck the rail slightly. Cotbtess then shot a-head until the fourth leap, when it cfcld easily be seen that both riders were holding in. I When near this leap, Randall came up and cleaid that and the fifth in advance of the mare. At the i tth fence, in the hollow, Kandall at first refused the 1 ap,- but, taking a slight turn only, afterwards ac comj ished it, topping the . seventh a-head of the mare IVom this stage of the race the positions alten ated, Kandall leading when they arrived at the tweli h fence. On making this leap he fell ; the boy, howirer, dexterously recovered himself and re mou ted. Countess at this time had taken the two reins ning leaps in gallant style, and came in an easy wine ir. At the thirteenth fence Randall again fell, and - nee more his brave little rider was quickly in. the sadd ;. He cleared the last leap without much diffi culty W^bm Keceptiom' of Me. Kehble (foemkelt (Of Adelaide). — A correspondent of 'the Kobart Town Courier says ?? — ' Some days ago, on the arrival of the Culloden at Franklin, a very mysterious and seedy-looking personage, who had been unseen during the passage,jat its termination emanated from the steerage, claiming sundry large chests and various greatcoats, &c.;,.ashis baggage, and when asked his name by the mate, objected to give it. In a day or two, afterwards, however, he blazed up in a new phase, with. -all the politeness of a *.gentf of the first -water, the pusbiri.; self- introduction pf. ,a thorough-bred showman, and the tact of an experienced traveller for penetrating into the most remote recesses of the bush where a sawyer's hut could be found, equipped in a dress 6uit of black, with hat to match, and decked out 'with a profusion of apparently gold chains, . seals, and glittering rings, the whole surmounted by a large white umbrella; it was amusing to behold with what adroit - nesB he presented, from a richly embossed silver case, his cards of addresB followed -up by trie exhibition of bis pocket-book for autographs of patronage, and then last, not least, bis single and double tickets of admission to a solo performance, shown by his handbills to be selections frorn the -choicest tragedies. The primary object of our hero visiting us was, as he stated, to make himself ac quainted with, places, persons, and manners, in order to furnish himself with matter for the last volume of an extensive work, 'A Panoramic Sketch of the Colonies,' from which, he expected to realise £10,000; — his theatrical undertaking was merely of a minor consideration, to instruct youth through the morals of the drama, and provide means of travelling. Before the people had time to exchange opinions as to the who and what of this living curiosity, he had, by persevering industry an3 persuasion, sold more tickets than any other visiting performer, of what ever grade, wlio had preceded him, and persons began to think they had been duped, especially when they heard that, without distinction of seats, Mr. Kemble, as he styled himself, had disposed of bis tickets for wliatever Jtie could get — from five shillings downwards. Consequently when the anxious time arrived for the ' exhibition of parts of Othello, Lear, Timon, Shylock, Richard III., &c.;, the seats in. Brown's Assembly 'Room were occupied, front and back, indiscriminately by ladies, gentlemen, splitters, sawyers, and tinkers. The ladies seeing the state of affairs, soon made their ekit, and so did all the gentlemen except those who waited in expectation of witnessing some fun. If even Mr. Kemble from Drury Lane, as he announced himself to be, could have proved his histrionic talent to be what he boasted of, bis mixedaudience, by their stamping and unequivocal signs of impatience, would not allow him to pourtray the beauties of his varied and fleeting characters ; the dresses were appreciated, but some were disappointed at bis not giving a little tumbling in Hamlet or conjuring in Shylock, while others could not possibly see any difference, except in the dresses, between Timon and Bichard HI., nor did they even give him credit for his energetic aspira tions when addressing the 'helements' in Lear. Despite of the repeated music of the audience and various interludes performed by a drunken tinker, who was occasionally thrust upon the stage during Kemble's characters, he dragged through Othello with a white face and Hamlet with a rosy one, and got as far as Eichard when the audience could no longer restrain them selves, and the poor monarch was assailed with a shower of Huon eggs, fresh and stale, accompanied by a storm of 'rough whites and tartans.' Richard began evidently to speculate on the damage that might likely accrue to his ermine by eggs, lighted candles, and other unpleasant missiles, and rapidly divesting himself of his diadem, sceptre and robe, made one bound from Bosworth Field to the benches in the pit, ' from the sublime to the ridiculous,' and turning up his shirt sleeves, challenged any ' black guard' out to fight. As often as he mounted and re mounted the forms, he was as often floored by the boys tripping them up. After a little of this bye play, the evening's amusement ended rather abruptly, and the attraction of the evening retreated into the back parlor of the Franklin Hotel to shake off his royalty, and quench his thirst ; however, the enter tainment was not to end with that act, for having assumed a pugilistic attitude of self-defence, and anathematized some of his hearers present as vaga bonds, cowards, blackguards, &c.;, a c set-to' was the result, but Mr. K.'s antagonist being the more active of the two, our hero appeared next day with little to say, and under a bandage was a portion of face much more befitting Othello* than on his previous night's representation, when he appeared as pale as Hamlet's Ghost.' 