THE REVIVALS IN IRELAND. (Timet,, Sep. 17 J The Irish religious revivals have been now for some time exciting so much curiosity that tourists go to ie North to see the phenomenon. Explanation has been more than usually ingenious, and psychologists have brought them under a particular head—the genus "hysterical. It has been observed that preachers pitch their note at a particular height, and go on upon it, which note is ascertained to be the hysterical note known to medical men as baring a particular effect upon nervous systems, working them up to a sort of frenzy, if Ion? dwelt upon. We presume this explanation allows some room for the force of doctrine and theological influences as well, otherwise a pitchpipe coulA work a religions revival. As far as we can make out, there seems do particular difference between this Irish and other religious revivals. These manifestations are perfectly well-known facts of rdi jrions-life- There local revivals going on jBtoays in the Methodist districts in this country ; It is only when die spiritual inocu- boon is on a particularly large scale that it 1 attracts notice as it does now. There appear to bave been a great many of -the common effects prodoced on this occasion—people struck iu a moment with violent overwhelming impressions, which make them fall to the ground, where they lie stupefied or uttering cries. The feeling which throws the victim into this fit is said to be an intense sudden conviction of sin, which in an instant lightens up the darkness within made visible by the momentary glare. The sinner starts back at the cavern in which he at once finds himself; he sees death straight before bim; the revelation of Divine wrath is too much for the mortal frame to bear, and he becomes insensible. This is " conversion." It is supposed that the dreadful vision is nev. r parted with, even wben the victim has revived after the prostration produce! by the first sudden sight of it, bat that it accompanies him through life, and makes it, as it were, impossible that he should fall back into habitual sin again Miraculous effects, marvellous coincidences, second-sights, sounds in the air, heavenly impulses, and mysterious visiongs from the invisible world accompany these occasions, and the Irish revival seems to bave its share of them. Young women are particularly favored with these communications. The extract from the Irish papers yesterday in our columns gave some instances. These miraculous impressions and violent effects are said, however, to be the exceptions, the main result of the movement being increased seriousness of the ordinary kind, crowded attendance at places of worship, and a general apparent awakening of religious feeling. It must be remembered that the Dissenter 6 have a different standard of conversion from that of the Church. Our sects, and especially the Methodists, look upon "conversion" as a sudSen thing; they do not recognise gradual conversion, taking place insensibly in the course of time, as the result of slow ordinary influences; individuals indeed may think this "conversion," but the popular creed only acknowledges the other kind. The sudden conversion of the individual being the ordinary rule, we have only to add the gregarious or sympathetic principle, and we see immediately that extraordinary effects must be sometimes produced. So long as sudden individual conversion goes on in a scattered way, it is a quiet thing enough, but the instant people are covered suddenly, and also converted together, there is of course a scene. snd a movement begins. All the conversions that would otherwise take place separately now take p'ace congregationally, in public, amid the stimulants and excitements of the preacher's appeal; spark kindles spark, the whole effect is multiplied tenfold by sympathy, each case of conversion intensifies the one next to it, heightens its sensations, exaggerates its symptoms, and makes it more of a phenomenon. A Church of England congregation could never become a scene of this demonstrative sort,because if it were addressed ever so effectively and powerfully, if the preacher were not a Canon ot Westminster, but an angel from Heaven, its standard of conversion does not allow suddenness, or therefore give room for the action of sympathy. Three thousand of them might be undergoing conversion : t once, and nobody would see anything; it would be all as noiseleas and invisible as thought itself. The giacierlike movement would not attract the sUghtest attention, and tie whole mass would go out of churclflooking very much the same as when they went in, because the process in their case is long and steady, takes its time, does not hurry itself, and has no tangible and sensible climax. There is no fear, then, that either St Paul's or Westminster Abbey will ever witness, after the most " awakening" succession of sermons in the nares, such effects as these. But where the principle of sudden conversion reigns it- must be always liable to an extraordinary development under the influence of the additional principle of sympathy. The principle' of sympathy will produce a scene, one will produce another scene, and so the movement will spread. It is difficult to measure exactly the praise or the blame of a whole religious revival like the present one in Ireland. Religion, unfortunately, haidly ever gets the aid of impulse and excitement without getting a great deal more of it than it wants, and being overwhelmed by its ally. But, it does want a certain amount of this, and therefore when it •rets it, even though the excess will be injurious it will have gained an advantage to a certain point. A great many people have, douVJess bad serious impressions implanted in them at such times which they never afterwards lose. Even the fanatical excesses of such a movement bear witness amid their extravagance and their delusions, to the deep power of the religious principle in human nature, to its reality and life. The fault appears to be, when we sift the matter to the bottom, that they make a spiritual luxtuy and a dramatic excitement of a principle whirh was implanted in human nature as a motive to action. The sense of the supernatural is most excellent as a basis, something at the bottom of the mind which makes it act with reference to another troild. Bnt if this sense of the supernatural is drawn out of its modest supernatural place in which it does most real service and worked up to the surface of things and indulged in on its own account, simply as having to do with the supernatural and invisible world, it then becomes a mere luxury and excitement just like any other dramatic appeal to anv passron or sentiment. It is evident that an intense interest, all forms of allusion to the supernatural world, all conjectures about it, even the wildest fancies about it, when vividly expressed create. Anybody who has heard a good ghost story well told has observed this. These revivals do, in a different form, surround people for the time, with an atmosphere of supernaturalism. with its characteristic interests and attractions People feel as if they were relieved from the drv prosaic pressure of common life, and were transplanted to a scene of spontaneous wonder and mystery, where deep impressions: were the older of nature, and could be got and sustained without effort. These violent demon - strations—the sudden prostration, the horror, the stupefaction, the ecstacy—all speak of ina w visible influences at work around them, and The idea is sustained professedly as a conscientious duty, but it is really indulged as an unconscious luxury—a spiritual luxury—a luxury of religious sentiment and imagination. This is a form of pleasure and excitement which Is not confined to mediaevaliste or poets mesmeriste orspirit rappers; the rigid Puritan is as open to it as the reader of romances, and She Irish Presbyterian, Baptist, and Independent Revivalist feels .it in bis way as much as the Romanist beljeyes in Virgin's visits and Addoloratos. MF.LWfO»i»" CtaMrtfAL Sfcssioss.—On Friday Patrick Fai-ell wa* tried on a charge of being concerned in ibe robbery of the Beechworth mail in May last. It wiil be recollected that when Bergin, Hacked, and Williams were arrested in a tent near the Reedy Creek a few days after the robbery, a fourth person who was present managed to effect his escape. It now appears that this was Farrell. He was subsequently tracked to Kapunda, near Goulburn, >iew South Wales, where he was spprehenhed- Williams, who was one of the robbers, gave evidence at the trial yesterday. The prisoner Farrel, wbo was proved to have been the concoctor of the robbery, was found guilty and sentenced to ten rears on (he roads. Harris, who so seriously assaulted a person named Brodie. at the Gravel Pits near the racecourse a few weeks ago, was found guilty of assault with intent to do grevious bodily harm. He was remanded for'sentence. Edeson, the landlord of the Governor Gipos hotel, Prahran, was tried for stealing money belonging to a lodger, and the jury after being locked up till ubout one o'clock "in the morning, returned aveidict of guilty, with a strung recommendation to mercy on account of the previous good character of the prisoner; sentence was deferred. 'A respectable-looking young man of the name of Davis, was found guiltv of uttering a forged cheque, purporting to be signed by Mr Stan way, Bourke street, and was sentenced to two veari' imprisonment, the first, twelfth, and eighteenth months in solitary confinemeat. Collins who was found guilty on the previous day of uttering a forged five pound note, was sentenced to five years on the roads; and, Gabriel, Beckett, and Nelson, found guilty of stealing 49! from John Wilson, a drover, while in die Royal Oak hotel. Queen street, were sentenced each to two years' hard labor on the roads. The Chtxesl—Yesterday the police made a descent on the Chinese camps iu the neighborhood of Ballaarat, and arrested no less than 16 Celestials for not taking out their residencetickets.— BaJlanrat Star, November 16. We (Herald) understand that the government have declined purchasing the camels brought by the Malta on ber last trip from Aden. The reason assigned is, that the agent of the Victorian government is now purchasing camels in India. So, we suppose, that the " ships of the desert," instead of having the honor of exploring the interior of Australia, will become the denizens of some menagerie, or be hired by Mr Coppin, to form a portion of the sc-enic accessories to a Grand Eastern Spectacle. At any rate, they appeared in that capacity at the Olympic on Saturday night last.—[Where is Enabling ? 1 A return published in the Gorernmrnl Gvxtte. under the authority of the Registrar-General, states the population of the colony at the present time at 525,367 souls, of which number 334.110 are males, and 1 PI,257 females. 