^, W w ,.. ? ? ? ' ? ^- , i ,. r, " . LITERARY¡NOTICES.yru. \ \ THE CnanoH OF THE í FOTOBÉ! AND 1'THE',JADBXATDK! ConnEEPSNDENOB : by-the- ROT. Thomas Binney. Waloh'SridSonyHobart Town ;. Beading- and "Well. .. .Cibank.tSydaèy. ". !! .-... . THE questións^íu'votve'din tbiapampblet; brYátheV book, are of greatjnterefrt to. all thp-Aus.tralian colonist^ but eBpeerallynpértíápp1 at the present 'junctnre.'to' those ,of NëwSduth Wales.; "We have.riaw'b'efors ns' fn1fhe'Ld gislative Assembly 'the promised reasons, for the aboli- tion of State- aid,'and Wevehall-soon probably be called upon to consider Bishop -Barker's Bill for tbe. Govern- ment nfilbeiEp^soopa^Cbarch in. this .Co'ony.' ¡An'at- tentive perusal of Air. Binney's book, and the various correspondence in tba- appendix, will do a'"gOoa deal towards ai|ling;odfrJegislators; ahd the'pÚBlió'/generally, not only of forming a just-estimate of what is, but what ought to be, the state, of;-things in tba.-various Colonial chu* ches."*.'-,, " ¿,1 ; c \'i ;.'. .. I »'. V'.i'> .. .:' Tt "must be confessed that thp , book. . is muob more voluminous, tban appears to us to hjjye.jbeen) "at^all, necessary. . J\lacksi th« . freat ri^ej-lt lçfVônaensitjori. ti Mr. Binney's Address especially iSjQr^^ual^'prplix.. 'jit.shows,,like-all other produc tiona 'of its ' uthör,'great and varied powers. It is, tbs woik of a man ofnpble.Christian obaraoter, independent thought,, and large Catholic sympathie». -Its oocasionul crudeness,' and somewhat pitchfork appearance may no doubt beBONOUM ted for in preat measure by the unpropitious circumstances in whioh ic was produced-tbe author,' on a togr.'o'f ' hral'th, having neither tho leisure; nor. the s'trnngth to produce a work of high literary, merit. ; Still it contains much that will amply repay attentive perusal -much that,we would not willingly,, letr.die. i On ,the 'whole, ^however, ,we, prefer the CorrespondeiicH 'It is more'natural, spontaneous, and ri»cy. ,-Thounh put in ¡the form of en-appendix; the .co^reqpopdence .muutt" be jreidJârstH if'thé Address is to be intelligible^ profitable. We presume that ? most of our readers ira ¡aware of the ]ea4ingM bifcurnBtano8Sv which , led to the interchange of so -many sirring, letters and ¡memorials in fhè 'risually rather1 'somnolent colony of, 'South Ab^tralii. The Bishop ' 'began ' iV'aäd 'with' the: most (amiable of motives no doubt, yet with perhaps* rather'questionable-wisdom.'- During Mr.* Binney's'stay ip'.tbat coIony.iDr. Short (or, to Speak ebolfesiastic'ally,; ^Uffusíia.yfdctoídíji1 after- Some' brief 'but1 pleasant 'sc-' quaintanoe with tbe eminent stranger, -indited' a letter to him-a long, elab .rate,--and- deeply Interesting letter. Though admiring many passages in''this episile','Mr. Binney seems t* have bi orí a'good' deal puzzled what to do with ifi riWas it a private sndiconfldertfiaVcdriimurii--' cation t ",Wia'fW o' doö'ument'intönded for tba publio 'baneflo?'j(iIt,w«8 'to<í elaborate' for the first, >6V the 'second wasnowberé stat'd. Andto make thé matter móie 'difficult still, Augùstiii ^AdélUidé had' rn sooner, des 'potobed.tbiJ epistle; than he'. set' off post,baste' [from ' lo.vníon/a; Üvó' tfuekY* toar in ' tb'e'Tnterior, where'no 'one could find him. " He dropped his lotter of M-. Binney^ door, as ari ','unnatural parent" drdps h'èrunla'w-' ful.child;at the g-nte of soma steady fafber of sfaroily, 'and then, aflor a hasty'r/uH' at toe bell, is round tbe. ¡corner v and-'. far ' ia'wsy; ' beyond 'pursuits 'before' ' the: astonished recopient knows what to make ofhis u'nex-1 Î' lected'Srid'rdthe'r ómbárrsssiBg'preBont. ' Mr. Binney, in iké.clrcnmstanèes,' was dubious as to the best ciursfe to ' adopt, but seems -to' baVe resolved to' keep it safe and quiet; ¡The letter is, in its' Way,'orí excellent ono','and fora biBb'op, remarkably liberal. There is1, however, a' sort of strugglo in the writer's blind between the'man and tho ecclesiastic-between the pure minded and large hearted.: Christian and the necessarily exclusive ' and assuming bishop. Dr. Short-would ' do all that is catholio and fraternal! but for bis unfortunate position; as i tba local head of a church ' Which ' Qlaima' to possess . quasi.apostolic authority, ' ana" ' io' embody the ; , " tradition ; of ; i eighteen cen- turies." "This 'tradition" s'ayj "the"bishop,"" dealares your (Mr..Binney'a) ordersTirivgular, your, mission the ptTapring of di'vísjori, and your ohurch system-rl; will not^sy'Schisnl-but dicbo^tosy." . The bishop, howovor, would like to ask suoh' able' and éloquent preaohers as Mr. Binney to preach in tho pu'pita of tbe episcopal charon, hut he docs bot, simply .beea'usa ho. dare,, not. te« 16 "Make" isp for' tb'e' ¿mission', he draws à pleasing' picture of' the '"church of the' future,,-T-which1we1u;e'' afraidis something like tho" good timo óomirig," a long Way off, and depetads for its realization on an nnliinited Ílumber of improbable.conditions.,', Shakespd.trô'tèll'ui ' bereis" muoh'virtue in if;" but there' must be even more' than Ibo ' great bard cbritempTsted,' before the bishop's " churob of tbe future "'la'any'.ttyng 'more than' a dream. Like most ' Overtures''for union made from such s quarter, it ooncedes"Httlo .and. demands . much. lt is too much like the lris'btnan'd: reciprocity, »ll on one'side. > p " .' '< 1 . " ' .' " '.. ' '.. j The letter having in the, end ,been publistíed, owing' chiefly to some1 indiscreet''references to'it made by Archdeacon Woodcock arid "others, it, turned , out that suoh publication was contemplated by thö Bishop/ijnd ¡ iVas' approved' by' him. ' Bot in the iri'earitiipe some praotical men, amongst the rest Sir Bij-G. -Mscdonnejl^ tho Gove'rrioT;(brit not iii bis public' oapacityj, wished td see some tangible' results frpm', itHe, liberal "talk and epistolary ch'aVity sq rife'in certain quarters..' '.Christian love and brotherhood was, they tboVight.'all very well io theory-- why' not ' have so'mo. of. it in practice.f' Why ûoVdo what tho bishop Boomed sd anxious'to do, if ho only kneW how, abd bud an exouuô süfflóiebtly Btropg-^ namely, ^sk Mr. Binney td preach in one of the Episco- pal oburobes in,Adelaide? 'J j So they prepared á memorial praying, tho bishop, (whose, local o had by .this . time / been - disoi-vered), to- allow ' Mn Binney' to fill dné of ttíe Adéíaide ii pulpits !" in the belief that Christian/ union and Chiistian love will bo thereby promoted and ditl'u'àed fri tbe hearts of-those who, holding like faith in "the gr, at' Saving doctrinos' of our common religion, bavé been hitherto kept asunder by differences iri matter bf form ' and' diá cipltne." . . ,. " '"'' ' ' I Tbe thing could not be done. !'Thé'roan would gladly assent, but the bishop soys nev,,Dr. .Short, is perfectly willing, but Atiguttus Adelaide otnnàt 'allow ab Epis. obpal pulpit to bo profaned by one who; howßVör:holy-iü lifo, mighty in tho Scriptures,-,elcquent and skilful in , winning souls to Christy had nqt,experlonoed.the ftlagiolil pdwét going forth from tlieimpositipn of Episcopal b,aodK And In addition (ó the unfortunate memorial emanating from tho liberals, he soon fjund .addresses from .High. Churchmen, scouting tho very notion of a mere layman like Mr. Binney, invading the provivco of' suooossors of ,tbs Apostles." ' ,..,..',?..,, ti . ' .v.j'.i I ; Poor Mr, Binney was again the victim of cironm* 'sianoes-dragged into a controversy, without his wish or knowledge, »nd, made tho innûOBOt objrot bf no little obloquy. . He had never, asked or expected to ha- allowed to preach in an Episcopal Churoh, or madsiovorturea of -any kind. . Ho was an invalid, seeking . health and rest, and only too glad to be quiet when his fussy friends would let him. , - There are (as Mr. Binney well observes in tho address^ afterwards delivered in Tasmania; two questions stated in what has been oalled the " Adelaide Uorrespondi*rioe" -questions whioh ought to be kept'separate, and which! are distinot in themselves. The one röferred to the possibility of an ooaa8ional oxohango of pulpits batween Episoopel olergymen and those of other denominations; i things remaining as tlity arc., ., Tho other bad¡respaot,to Union bf alt the , diffe'ront Protestant Eyangnlioal Bodies, in ono groat whole., The latter, which is Dr. Short's' p'«D, is a. dream. ,It hover bas existed until,tba human mind is,diuVeatly,constituted itnovèrwill. Tho noarost approach to it is found in the Churoh of Rom o, whero a oertáin amount of outward uniformity is scourod, but at an expenso which in tho ,viow of all Protestants, far moro than oounter-bolanoes tho worsLoyils of sectarianism. , Uniformity ita n world of infinito variety implies, tho sacrifloo of individual libotty. Wo BRtoo with Mr. Binney tn thinking that C|irislianity doon not imposa any ono . fixed pattern of odcleslastioal rule, »nd modes of worship. And as to tho "orders" on which Episcopalians lay BUoh stress, h^ar our author, p. 18-" I do .not. attaoh , muoh impor. tanco to "ordors," os thoy ore formed, ;I.look moro' to, tho prophotic impulso-^that gift and call which the Churob of England recognises in requiring every o»n. didate for. ctdidátion to bxpross1 bis ' bótiof that he IB "mofed by lha,Holy Ghost" to,take,upon bimself-the m|nintry of. the word. A solemn and wondotfal.de alf ration that I It stamps a man 'with a divino soal ; sets bira beforo, UH as inwardly.impo|lod , of Gdd to do' á divino. thing;. '.OfHoo ' in tho. OUuroh is not to him a " profession " ' but hticcatfon; it is,hot something whioh bo ohodsoit for' himsdlf, but for which A<? Jri Chosen ;-Wbloh' ho ' dbbir hoi,' adva'ndo to , bob«U8o bo will, b,ut boaause ho roust. Tb» màn is 'not .tTliborty'tb'flBolIno tu« oall'of Oód 1 Sucb men aro the men to do somstblrig jp tbp wçrld." / The gfat obstacle* to evangelical anloa ara shows I by Mr. Binney to be tb* assumption by Episcopalian! of Í the superior validity of their " orders," and the claims ? of priestly power and ecclesiastical superiority therein : involved. To these may be added the sacerdotal and jl ~säcramentäTelem nts, which pow pervade'soma of tbs I " offices " in the Episcopal churches. " Un I il . all airs of j superiority-and priestly assumptions'are laid aside, andi ? -rte-idle-dresurof-tbe^diviOB-aathority of- Episcopacy abandoned, there can never be a united " Church of tho ifutureV'o ' . t: it. Mr.. Binney well contrasts the Episcopal idea' df this|fÜBÍon, union,;or smalfcamatiqo of tho Churpbet, to» be preceded by sett ing terms, and agreeing on inansgV. .mentí ; «nd the largo idea of beginning with ministerial recognition and interchange of servides between'those of the Episcopal and. other clergy who are one in faith 'without previously entering into tho formal discussion ; and .nice adjustment of secondary matters-depending \ moro, on the instincts and sympathies of the spiritual .Jife'.tb.an. on . written regulations-taking'one'step'/öhly onei: and leaving every thing el-e, if anything «Iso is to come, to time, to the action of general Jaws, to tbe'.ooa fr'dlling ,and, developing, influence of natural 'grace/ to 1 ëxperiencài to'circumstances, end to God. . .. Ho showi, also, in a striking rnanner the evil'cotise', quinces 1 attending^ (ho ciroumPtaDca that mdst.of,'tba Episcopal /clergy.' look upon i heir residence in Australia as-only temporary, and however liberal io. disposition, i aro;/.afraid of doing en j thing .which1 /may^giva j bffen'co at home, or darken their professional prôspeçtson ! their'return 'lo England. > Thia" arrière pintie does mabti ] tp '/réstráin .or neutralise . the . otherwise , hberalhliog ip'flufenoefi of colonial institut' ons" and freedom'; froitt State control.:: ,-. ,t . J'».-' . <. - f-t .»..»» The present mode of pajjng thestipends', of ;the)clergy j hai an' evident tendency to keep theed á.ola;8S.[s)iar$¿í-td make i them mere temporary resident«-Bishop's: chap- lains-instead of being Australian pastors..;rndnfoliy,ac- cepting . the. altered ''circumstances''in. itpj&p;''tpt/y'.href placed, and forgetting all about tho "Established Church " df England, and- tb* airs which its clergy ia ; the old country are KO ,apt to givd tberhselyesy' : ¡ \\. Jj' .is. satisfactory, .to add,, în: çoriclusiqn,:. that. Mr» i Binney-rno inaccurate ? obs. rve.r-'pronounces .the'.days ; of State-aid'itv the JAnrtrálian^dl^ ¡a'dTóca es of jth'e systíra 'afè èVerywSe'^ j mantle'about it,' ¿bat ir ony deoently'dio-without open straggle or convulsion-for die it- roust." > When it is I fairly. dead rand buried,.-. Mr. iBinney's,' though not .thai ¡Bishop's, "Churchlof the Future," may; by stbw>degr«e«, become a reality, t; .1 :<<..*'. 