THE DIVORCE COURT. (Times, 17 May ). If it be true that a good man' struggling with accumulating ills is a sight pleasant to gods and instructive to men, that portion of the British public which assembles daily in Westminster Hall has at this moment an opportunity for edification which should not be lightly neglected. High upon the right hand of the Hall of Rufus There is a doorway much crowded by men and women, upon whose faces dwells an expression of highly-wrought interest, and who are struggling for entrance as Though they were seeking access to some holy relics infallible in curing all human disorders. If we squeeze through with that throng we shall stand in the presence of the most overworked,, hard laboring, and hopeless, gentleman in the, Queen's dominions. There he sits, exalted in place, 'an example and a warning to his fellow-creatures. He has distinguished himself as an admirable and accomplished Judge and yet his fate is. hard. Li the days of torture there were miserable criminals who were placed in a well, into which a stream of water was suffered to flow calculated to the exact volume which the victim by intense exertion could pump out again. So long as the strength endured the water was kept below a dangerous height, but as fatigue relaxed the muscles the flow gradually rose, and the prisoner was drowned. Such has' been the fate of Judge Cresswell, only he has been treated with still greater barbarity. By wonderful efforts he succeeded, in the early days of his captivity, in keeping his well tolerably dry I then they increased the feeding-pipe and let in more water. Still he worked and worked ; then they encumbered him with a your hand pump, and then they hung a jury-weight upon the handle of his pump and trebled the labour of working it. The struggle has long since been over the waters have risen, and the poor man has been drowned long ago. He is deep down below the tide, as far down as that fairy city which is supposed to exist at the bottom of Loch Lomond. He goes on still, with a conscientious perseverance, working at the handle ; but, though Dame Partington might have been sanguine as to keeping the sea back with her broom, Judge Ci less well cannot dream of keeping down the business of the Divorce Court, embarrassed by his occasional help-mates and paralyzed by his jury. ' Look at that awful hat which hangs against the wall.. There are 100 wedded pairs waiting to pour the tale of their domestic wrongs into that too accustomed ear. Moreover, there are the co-res pondents the modern alias which Lothario takes in Westminster-Hull who come to pay or to struggle against paying the cost of sawing off the bough they have blighted. There are Browns and Joneses and Robinsons, Smiths and Jacksons, and Quayle's with their attendant Cooks; there is the Right Hon. Lord Ribblesdale and the Most Hon, the Marquis of Anglesey. Noblonjcij and Commoners jumble together and find that the Divorce Court, Uko politics and necessity, makes people acquainted with strange yoke fellows in addition to its proper duties of punishing such acquaintances. Clamorous and impatient, surging against the judgment seat, increasing every day in numbers, hardly relieved by the few occasional dismissals, and rather irritated by the instances of individuals caught up and turned back again to wait " for further hearing," this mighty multitude of 400 and odd impatient suitors assemble every day, with their witnesses, attorneys.,, proctors, doctors, and counsel, to protest in chorus and in solo against the particular application of that poetic canon " Felices ter el applies quick simple tenet opera." Yet there is more hope for the crowd of ghosts of the unburied, vainly waiting till the Styx shall run dry or Charon shall forego his fee than there is for "Coulson v, Coulson and Barnsdale," or " Bell v, Bull and the Most Hon, the Marquis of Anglesey," which were on Friday last the two causes at the bottom of the list. The " full Court, which alone can deal finally with any one of these 100 cases, is about to sit for five days. If we suppose the somewhat happy energy, the mixture of good' luck and great resolution, which may enable this Court to get through half-a-dozen cases each day, we shall have a result of 30 cases decided during these sittings. After this Judge Cresswell will work on, but the " full Court will adjourn, and then, under existing oitottrnstanees, there might be no further sitting till November next, by which time the 100 cases now in arrears will certainly have arisen to 200, and possibly to a great many more. If the present system should continue without reform divorce will be to a married man like the teachership of an Inn of Court to a stiff gownsman,-a luxury only, to be enjoyed in extreme old mare The decrees nt'.liidffp Cresswell or his remote successors, will be prizes in a great judicial torture: the oldest inhabitant of the Divorce Court will better forth happy in his long sighed for liberty ; the injured husband will about the age of 75, be released from his frolicsome partner, over whose fickle passions 60 years' may have possibly had some influence and as an example of the evils which our vices may be ing upon our remote, posterity, the great grandson of some co-respondent who now figures in the list that hangs in Westminster Hall may, unless the remedy is altogether to fail, be called upon to pay the cost of the peccadilloes of his too vivacious great gratuities. These mules post future decisions are sometimes thought to be inconveniences, but the saving is made liable. To keep 4.00 people waiting for justice, and to keep two or three hundred witnesses travelling to and fro upon railways or living in London hotels, is, of course, productive of a certain money cost to the suitors, but then there is the great and soundly economical advantage of making one man do another man's business. We get some of the judicial work done for nothing by the present system." We strew a little overwork out of A and get an extra hour or two out of B. Let us suppose what may for aught we know be the fact that the Westminster Clock is only to be allowed to go when it can get its works completed by contributions from the other metropolitan church clock'', that it is just now w nating for the loan ofapenduhon from St. Paul's, and will have to stop next week to restore a weight necessity to be returned to St. Margaret's that St James's is to be laid under contribution for a wheel, and that the great bell of Bow is relied upon to strike the hours. In such a case the Westminster Clock will go spasmodically, just as the divorce clock work of Westminster Hall now goes. The system is cheap, but it is not effective. If we want work done, the most economical, although perhaps not the cheapest way, is to pay for it. The simple fact is, that we are without a proper judicial force to work this divorce and probate business. It is necessary that we should have two more judges to form the Court. These three judges will divide the probate business and the causes that do not now by law require a full Court between them and they will unite under the chief ship of Judge Creswell, who is now the Judge Ordinary, to form a " full Court. It is thoroughly understood that this must be done and that it is to be done, why is it not done at once The Court when efficiently formed will have quite enough to do my work down, and keep down? arrears. Procrastination in such a . matter is trifling with a great mass of Human severing. ' ',',> 