Cube escorted Morning Herald MONDAY, JULY i, 1859. There are two opposite state of society-one in which population is stagnant, and the other in which it is never at rest. Looking to the old world, and especially to the old times, we have presented to us examples of the first. Generation after generation lived and died within the narrow boundaries of the village. The same ideas and habits prevailed from ago to age. Traditions of ghosts, witches, fairies, charms, and such like, were transmitted from sire to son. The intrusion of any novelty was carefully resisted. The light of science and new systems of industry were regarded either with superstitious horror or ignorant contempt. There were indeed some advantages in this state of existence. The restlessness of the heart was less excited by indefinite hopes. The various ranks of society walked side by side without jostling each other. Sometimes, indeed, a tyrannical squire or an exacting priest disturbed the quiet of his neighbourhood and awakened resistance ; " some village Hampden " excited the admiration of his neighbours by a stout assertion of human rights ; but soon all sunk into the oblivion of that narrow Enclosure where " the rude forefathers of the ham- let sleep." Now and then some adventurous member of this stagnant village society would cross its borders and mingle with the outer world. He would return in a few years to amuse them with the story of his travels, or to excite their envy by his wealth, or their contempt by his changed habits and altered men. Generally a dull calm settled over the people. The names of families were perpetuated, while the individuals who bore them in succession passed away. If we turn to the new States of America an entirely new aspect is presented to us. Those who meet there, generally, have no common recollections, and few original sympathies. The necessities of their condition produce a certain amount of civility and lead to a certain amount of co-operation. They are happy to meet, joyful to part-forgetting each other instantly in new associations, and retaining no more impression of the successive scenes than is left by dreams. The movements of the mass have a temporary concert and prevailing direction, but individuals have no close ties. They go from city to city as inclination prompts them. Even in cultivating the soil they regard its marketable value rather than the amount of enjoyment to be derived from their possessions. Of course there is a constant tendency to correct this state of things. Though multitudes move upon the surface of the soil, there are interests which strike deep and settle, but frequent change is nevertheless inevitable where a vacant ; field offers an unlimited choice and renews the allurement to change on every side. But if we are in search of individual happiness, we shall neither desire the dull fixity of a European hamlet, nor the hearing to and fro of an American community. The felicity of man is not diminished by the necessity for constant labour, nor is his character deteriorated by the occasional vicissitudes incident to human life ; but a state of perpetual restlessness and uncertainty promotes neither his enjoyment nor his virtue. By continually changing its direction half his labour is thrown away. That which it requires a long time to accumulate, needs but a few hours to disperse. The perpetual disturbance of the social circle tends to shake the affections of its members, and to prepare them for that scattering process by which one is carried to the east and another to the west, and thus the paternal hearth, which once was enlivened by social affections, becomes lonely and desolate. So> contrary is this to the feeling of the human mind, that interest is always excited by the aspect of a patriarchal family-in which several generations can be united at one festive board, and where the calamities of life can be alleviated by the helping hand of kindred affec- tion. Excitement and perpetual change are dearly bought at the sacrifice of the blessings of home. Unfortunately, Australian colonization has not encouraged the development of social life in its healthy forms. An immense population is devoted to gold digging numbers are in the temporary employment of shepherds-the vast proportion of the people is gathered in a few Australian cities all these things divert the minds of men from a settled home. It is impossible to change the habits of the multitude. We must be content with slow and partial ameliorations. But any district of the country adapted for settlement-if occupied by honest hard-working and thrifty families would soon present the picture of plenty, comfort, and joy, and furnish one of those scenes upon which the poet and the moralist alike delight to repose. It is to promote such settlements that we are anxious to see some accommodation of our land law, and that we shall be prepared to assist in the formation of such associations as may give effect to its provisions tending to facilitate the settlement of the country. WE referred on Saturday in general terms to the new Act for dealing with Real Property introduced into South Australia by Mr. Tokken's, and explained by him in his recently published pamphlet. But as the subject is, or at least ought to be, one of ven- general interest, it will probably be acceptable if we explain somewhat more minutely the operation of the new system, for the benefit of those of our readers who may not be able to study the Colonial Act for themselves. The fundamental principle of the system then in, that every title is held directly from the Crown, which guarantees it. When a transfer takes place, the seller passes the land through the hands of the Registrar-General, who represents the Crown. By this process the seller restores his land to the Crown, which re-issues it again to the purchaser. No transfer, as between the 1 parties, is valid, unless it passes through this process. The Registrar-General, by means of his books, becomes cognisant of every trans- action, and prevents all ucc«simulation of am-' biguitios, of the existence of technical defect, in the transfer, by which, according to the English system, so many titles are damaged. There is, therefore, no need of tracing the title up through past owners for a series of years back. The ownership, as acknowledged by the books in the Registry-office, is sufficient proof of title. Nor is there any accumulation of deeds relating to the same land. In fact, the use of parchment is rendered quite at a discount. There is only one document in existence at a time relating to the title to the same parcel of land. To take the simplest cause: When a section is sold at a Crown land sale, the grant is forwarded to the RkoistkaiiGlneual, who binds it up in his ledger, and gives a duplicate to the purchaser. This duplicate is called a certificate of title, and is marked with the page and forum of the ledger where the counterpart is to be found. When the owner wants to sell he goes to the Registrar with the intending purchaser, and surrenders his certificate of title. The ledger is referred to, and the land grant there is cancelled by marking across it in red ink, stating the date of the transfer and the names of the parties to it. A fresh grant is then written out on a new page of the lodger, and a duplicate is given to the new purchaser, who then holds as simple and direct a title as the first purchaser from the Crown. A memorandum of sale is signed by both parties, attested by the Registrar, and the whole business is then complete. If he, in his turn, wants to sell, he sur- renders his certificate in the same way, which is cancelled, and a fresh certificate issued to the new purchaser. Time each proprietor holds but one short document in proof of his title, and if he should happen to lose it, he can obtain another copy on making affidavit of the circumstances, and having the fact marked on the new certificate. The only charge for conveyancing in this way is ten shillings, unless there, are some other complicated circumstances connected with it. Existing titles, dependent as they are on deeds, cannot, of course, be treated in the first instance in this manner. But provision is made for bringing all titles under the Act, as soon as the owners like. Any proprietor who wishes to exchange his tin box . full of deeds for one of the Registrar's short and simple certificates of title takes them to the office, where they are submitted to the examination of the solicitors of the Lands Titles' Commissioners. The application is advertised in the daily journals and the Government Gazette. If any other party has I any claim to the land, and objects to a clear title i being given, he enters a caveat. If the objections are not satisfied or overruled, the matter is referred to the Supreme Court, where the caveator is bound to prosecute his objections, or allow them to lapse. When the evidence of the title is thus clear, or has been cleared, the Registrar issues a certificate of title, and takes possession of the old deeds, which are labelled and stowed away in a box. Titles once simplified in this way, continue to be transmitted in the same way as described above with reference to grants from the Crown. The Registrar's charge for thus giving a title is only twenty shillings, but the proprietor has to pay in addition and the costs of advertising, c, that may have been entailed. The first cost of bringing land under the Act may, therefore, be greater in some cases than on ordinary lawyer's conveyance, especially if there happen to have been caveats entered. But this preliminary outlay is an outlay once for all, and is more than compensated by the cheapness and simplicity of subsequent transfers. If a proprietor wishes to leave his land, the Registrar produces a form of lease which is filled in with the intended conditions of lease, and signed by lessor and lessee in his presence. The lease contains a reference to the grant in the register book, and a memorandum is made thereon of the fact that the land is leased, and the date. The transaction is entered separately in the register-book, a reference to the page being marked on the lease. The charge is only ten shillings. If the lease is to be cancelled or surrendered, the Registrar endorses on the document the word " surrendered," and makes corresponding entries in his books. If an owner wishes to mortgage his land, the Registrar produces a form of a bill of mortgage, which is filled in with all the particulars, and signed by both parties in presence of the Registrar. It is entered in the register-book, and the page of entry marked on the mortgage document. The grant kept by the Registrar and the certificate of title kept by the owner arc endorsed with a memorandum specifying the fact that the land is mortgaged. The cost of the mortgage is only ten shillings. In a similar way estates may be encumbered, and record of the fact both given and kept. Powers of attorney can be also granted, and transfer of lenses and mortgages, or of the freeholds of lands leased or mortgaged, can be made with facility. As no dealing with land is legal which does not pass through the Registrar's hands, his books exhibit a clear and continuous statement of everything that affects the title. Any one can make a search, for two shillings, and find out all that has been done with the land whether it has been leased or mortgaged, or encum- bered and if so, where and to whom, and for what consideration, and whether the obligations , have been removed or are still binding. The page on which the title is entered gives a succinct history of all the dealings with that parcel of land, with references to the pages in which all the memoranda of those dealings are to be found. There are also provisions for subdividing land, and for dealing with devises, insolvencies, &c.; But there is no provision for entails. This could easily be grafted on to the system, and Mr. Tounr.xs wished to do so, but the South Australian Parliament has an unconquerable aversion to the practice, and declined to give legal sanction to it. 