MK Horne*, (liésty, editor or thu Ntu Yurk Tril records n long conversation with brigham young,' w is ;valuable 'as furnishing toe* dlreot -replies .of avowed loader pf the Mormons to. tho searching q ons of a clever man. , j . Salt Like Cl!y, Utah, July M, 1860. My friend TJr. Bernhisul, M.O., took me thia siluro by appointment, tonuet Prigham .Yoong,! Proiiden the Mormon Oijuvob, who had expronsed a'wiUlngnei receive:me at S p.m.. Wo wera very cordially Veleo at'thedoor hy the Présidant, who led as into the eeo story parlour of the largest of his housna (he has I Iii where I was introduced to, Heber C. Kimball, Gtn Wells, General Ferguson, A bort Carrington,-:-li Smitb, and several other leading men ia ' the Chu with, two full grown, sons pitha President, ; After s unimportant conversation on general tópica, I-statwd I had como in quest of fuller 'koo«lc3ga refrpaoling doctiinesand polity of tho Mormon Church, and wt like to ask some questions bearl-p. directly on thesi there were no ol jeolion. Pieaident Young..avowed ,willingness to respond to all pertinent, inquiries, conversation.proaoeded, substantially aa follows: H. G. Am I to regard Mormonism (so, oaíled)~j now religion, or as simply' a new development Chriatianity ? < ^ ' I B. Y. We bold that tbero oas bs no, true Chris church, without a. priesthood - ' directly ci missioned by " an immediate ' ' oommunicat with the Son . of ' God,. ind ! Saviour mankind. Snob a'churoh is that of .the Latter. Saints, called by their enemies Mormons, j Wa know other that eien protends to have present''and'dil revelations of God'a will. -t1'., ' H. G. Then I am to understand that you reg other oburobea professing tr be Christiana aa the Chu nf Boroo regards all ohurehst not': in communion v Itself-as s.bismaiio, heretical, and ont of tba way salvation? B.T. Yes, substantially, , H. G. Apart from this, in what respect de y doctrines differ essentially from these of our orthoi Protestant churches, the Baptist or Methodist, for implo f , , B. Y. W* hold the doctrines of Christianity, revealed in tbe Old and NewTeetamenta, also in theB of Mormon, which teaches tho same cardinal truths, i tb oso only. '.-.'", H. Q/- Do you believe in the doctrina of the Trini B. Y.-We do ; bnt not oxaetly as it ia held by «tl churches. We 'believe in the Father, the Son, a tho Holy Ghost, aa equal, htjt not identical-not ona person (being). . We believe in all the Bible teao! on-this snhj»ot. H. G. Do y au. believe in a personal devil-a distil conscious, spiritual being, whoot) natara andasts ara i isntiallv malignant and »vii? B.Y. W# do. H. G. Can you give ma any rational explanation the aversion and hatred with, which your people i generally regarded by thoo« anreng whom they have liv and with whom they have boen brought directly contact? . B. T. No ether explanation -than ia afforded hy t eruoiSxion of Christ and tho kindred treatment ot Qa ministers, prophets, and saints in all ages. . H. G. I know that a new' seot is always deorli and traduced {'that H fa hardly evar deemed respectrfl to'halon g toona; «hat the Baptist«, Quakers, Marni iits, Universalista, o>s., bava each in their turn been ; girded in tbájnfancy of their sect aa the oflsccmring <the earth ; yet I oarmat remember that either af tbi wera ever generally rapreaanted and regarded by t older seots of their «arly days as thieves, robbers, at murderer» f 1, B. Y. If yon wlU consult the contemporary .{Tewi .accounts of thelifeand eotsoUeaus Christ,you will fi -that he and bis disoiples war* aooussd of every abos nebia deed on < purpose, robbery and mprder include Suob a work is still extant; aud »ay ba fosad hy tho who seek it. H. G. What do yon say of the so.called Daaitei, i Destroying Angelo, belonging to your church t B. Y. Tfltat do you say? -I know of no such bar no8uobpe»onsor organisation. I fa «ar of them cady io I slanders of our anemias; , ' " , H. G. With regard.then. te -tba gravo .qnestíons < which your doctrines and practieea ar« avowedly at w with those of the-Christian wprld-that,of a plurality wive«-ia the ajatcm-of your, church acceptable tot majority of its women;? , B. Y. They could not be-mora averse ta-at Ihi I was Wb»o it was -first revealed to ns as tba' Di vii will. JJ think they ¡generally accept it- as I do-as tl will-of Gad. . , . 'H. G. . How general is polygamy among yon?. B. T. 1-could cot say. -Some of those present (beai of tbs churoh) have e^sh, but o -a wife; other« ha' more ; eeoh determinas).what is hie individual duty. ? Hi, G. What is the largest number of .wives belongil to any ono man? \- B. Y.-.3haralfl. *T know ona -who has more; ht some of th oio sealed to me are old ladies whom I reg jr rather as mothers than wives, bat whom I have take home to cherish and.aupport.. . . .., j , , H. Q. Doeanot tho Apestla Patti flay.lha* a biaho should be the husband of ono wife? ' i > r. B. Y. So we hold. "We do not »gard any but a mai ried man as fitted for the office of bishop. QutthaApoi tia does not forbid a bishop having mora «¡vea tba. ona. . ¡ I , H. G. Does not Christ say that hs who juts aw* bia wife, or marries one whom another baa jyt aieay commlrsadnlterj t ' * 'i B. T. YOB; and I bold that no man should evar pu oaray a wife except for adultery-not always «Wm fa that. Such ia my individual view pf th« matter. Id. not,say that wîv*e have never boen put away in ca churoh, but ihaul do not approve of the practice. \ H. G. How do you regard what is commonly tarmec the Christian Sabbath í \ B. Y. AB a divinely appointed day .of aast. "Wa ern. join-all ta rest from secular labour on that. day. W< would have no man enslaved to the Sabbath, hnt we aa. join all to respect and enjoy it. Suoh is, as nearly aa I ean recollect, the. «abátanse ol nearly twn hours' conversation, wherein much was sold incidentally that would not ba worth reporting,- even -ii I could remember and reprodnce it, and whe*«ka otb«ri bore a part; but, as PresMent Yoong ia the first minister of tho Mormon Cburob, and bora the prlnolpal part in tho conversation, I have reported bi* answers ?lone to my questions and observations. Tbe'etUers appeared uniformly lo dolor to bia viows, and to acquiesce folly in bis response* and explanations. He apoka readily, not always with grammatical aecuraoy, but with no appearance of hesitation or rosette, and with no apparent desire to conceal anything, nor did be repel eny of my quosiiona aa impertinent. He was very plainly dressed in thin Bummer cloth- ing, and with no air of sanctimony or fanaticism. In appearance, be is a portly, frank, good-natured, rather thiok.itt man of fifty-five, seeming to enjoy life), and hs in no portionier hurry to get to heaven. His associates ara plain men, evidently born and rearad to a Ufo of labour, and looking as little Ilk« orafty hypocrites er j swindlers aa any body of men I ovor met. The ebaeooe of oant or snuffle from thoir manner was starked and ganara!, yat, I thiak I may fairly say that ¿heir Mor I menjsm ha« sot impoverished thsm-that tk»y wera generally poor mon when they embraced it, ead ara now : tn vary comfortable circumstances-as men averaging three or four wives apiece certainly noed tobe. If I hazard any criticisms on Mormonism generally, I reserve them for a separata lotter, being determined to maka thia a fair and Jr;full expose of the doc- trine and polity, In the vary words of its Prophet, so far a* I aaa rcaall them. I do not believe President Young himself eonld present them in terms calculated lo ren- der them leas obnoxious to tho Gentile world than tba above. But I havo a right to add here, beaanae I said it to the assembled ohiufs at the olola of tho above oollo- ! quy, that the degradation (or, if you please, tho restric- tion) of woman to the single ofBco of child.beering and its accessories, in an inevitable oonaequonoe of the Sys- tem hero paramount. I havo not observed a sign in tbs streets, an advertisement in tho journals, of this Mor- mon metropolis, wboreby a woman proposes-to do any- thing whatever. No Mormon has ever cited to mo his wife's or any woman's opinion on any subject ; na Mor- mon woman bas boan introduced or haB spoken to me; ind, though I have boen oskod to visit Mormons in their houses, no ono ; ban spoken of his wife (or wives') desiring to- soo mo, or his desiring me ta make her (or their) aoquaiatanae, or voluntarily indioalod tho exialonoo of suoh a being or beings. I will not attempt to report our talk on this subject, beoauie. unlike what I hayo ' above given, it assumed somewhat tho oharaoter of a disputation, and I could hardly givo lt impartially ; hut one' remark made by President Youugl think I eon give accurately,1 and it may serve as. a-sample of all that was offered on that side. Il was in these words, I think oxaotly; "If I did hot consider myself oompotent to transaot a oeitaio buelneBB without taking my wife's or-any "woman's counsel with regard toll. I think I ought to lot that .business alone." Tho spirit with regard to woman, of tba on Ito Mormon, as of all athol- polygamie system, is fairly displayed In this avowal. Lat any such .system become ¿stabHshod and prevalent, and womin will soon -be confined tb tbs' barom,,: and' bar appearance/lo tUfc? .i trcflt Wftb unveiled face will boncuoui/ti'-d-iuimode*t,»I .joyfully- Umt UmUhe geniuB oí.tlie..Nlnoia.nth.Ü«ntury lend* to ft t.'/litlion of tho prnblnn of wotnan'd sphere nuddeaiin'r rafl'ic.V'ly'd fièrent from this. ' 