TOPICS OF THE MONTH IN EUROPE. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) London, September 19. Time mus, and not a very long time ago, when j a whole recess, filled with the most momentous military to ansactions, or at least what should have been so had proper account been taken of them, was suffered to pass without the advisers of the Crown taking the smallest official notice of them, as far as the public could learn and indeed, they themselves subsequently admitted, rather boastfully than otherwise, that no such notice had been taken. The main reason for this, as wo) ' all learned to our cost afterwards, and as-the country paid millions for knowing, was, that the ' then Cabinet was Cerberus- headed, but that the ¡ and heads, instead of exhibiting triplox-vigilanca against the enemy, were intent only on snarling and snapping at each other ; or, as the next least a scandal-giving alternative, holding their tongues i and remaining dumb as Stockfish, instead of clamorous as the jackals of the British lion oveR should be. The then three heads were Aberdeen, Russell, and Palmerston; and if there were difficulties of the most strategic intricacy in' pre railing upon their late sacred Majesties, the pair of Brentford kings, in sniffing the same poly- anthus, infinitely greater of courts, must have been the obstacles to an inhalation of the aromatic odour of authority by a triumvirate so) thoroughly up to snuff and to each other as this all-knowing trio. Hence the whole recess of '55 wore on without their ever once coming together and we know what ensued when one of the three himself told the country that what had happened while no official cognisance was taken of it by himself and the other two, and all their colleagues, was "horrible and heart-rending." But why, you will inquire, rake up at this time of day a four-year-old story of forgotten follies, and not likely-to-be-repeated blunderings ? Merely to mark by the contrast the difference that now prevails. If we nothing note of time, have by its loss, as the poet has it, neither should we be conscious of changes if we did not take points of this nature] to record advance or retrogression, as the case may be. Whether it is one or the other depends upon the eyes that contemplate it, there being, as Mr. Disraeli once said, though without the original I wisdom of the axiom necessarily proving the directness of his descent from Solomon, two sorts of progress, viz., one to Paradise, the other to that place where the apples are already roasted, and consequently it is superfluous to 1 enjoin that they must not be fingered by inquisitive females in search of useless knowledge The Cabinet curiosity to be now named is the frequency of Councils, and the suddenness of their being summoned. Although, to all appearance, the condition of affairs is calm, even to) lethargy, an absolute narcotics overspreading the land, and the only liveliness being derivable from the desperation of newspaper writers in endeavouring to pretend that they are saying something when it is excruciatingly apparent that they have nothing to say, we have more Cabinet meetings than if we were in a state of chronic crisis in mid-season, and expected to hear every hour that somebody or other, the Lord knows who, and Heaven knows why, had been sent for" the hour preceding. Another peculiarity of those preternaturally unseasonable, and therefore, it is to be presumed, portentous gatherings, is, that we have the smallest idea what they are about, or what they are not about the latter being the more' difficult ambiguity of the two to conjecture. A fortnight ago, just as the Queen was setting off on her autumnal Scotch trip from Osborne, she sent for Palmerston, who is well known to be a palace favourite of that kind who is most liked in proportion to the length at which he keeps his distance." The fact, therefore, that he was invited at all, was tolerable proof to those who know what's what in that quarter, that there must be something in the wind. That that something was substantial became obvious to all When, on his hurried return the next. morning, telegraphic summonses were sent to all colleagues to meet in Council the day afterm needs. Some wore in Scotland ; some South ; some cast j som 3 WESt SOme llUIU no limit, - But forty front near, all hurried who could be on the spot at the appointed time. Why they hurried, what they did on their arrival, whether they have since repented J at leisure of what they did in haste, as sometimes happens after entering into certain other delicate engagements-of all this we know not one iota and what is still more remarkable, There has been no attempt to find out, and regret that the secret hasn't been made known. This, indeed, is a puzzle me beyond compare, that, at a moment like the present, when there is an utter famine of incident, and the thread of speculation is spun to the last film of verbose attenuation, an occurrence so provocative of surmise, so fruitful in all those materials of castle-building which journalists hard up for a subject know how to avail themselves of, should be passed over without a remark. Whether the mot desire was issued to this taciturn effect from the "gilded saloons and enervating atmosphere of 94 Piccadilly, to which Mr Robert Lowe and others of the Blackfriars Brigade are acclimated, it is for them to say, or rather, not to say and doubtless, they know wherein the better part of valour resides quite as well as did that pinguid gentleman who deemed honour a very ridiculous thing, and has left a good many others of his way of thinking from that day to this. It is not to be supposed, however, all the public have been quite as indifferent as their typographic instructors, or that, because his foolscap is empty, therefore John Bull's head lb pot full of this affair, all the more so as he can make nothing out of it. Just enough is discernible, to eyes that can see to permit of the perception, that the hubbub had reference but what reference it is, of course, impossible for any but the initiated to say-to a family conference, or rather a conference of certain members of our Royal Family at Ostend. Thereat assisted, deprives, the elderly gentleman, King Leopold, who is sometimes irreverently designated the " commercial traveller of that House of Coburg whose head is in Pimlico, with branches at Brussels, Vienna, Lisbon, and wherever any connubialising operations are to be carried on j over ready for a stroke of such busi i ces Ruth matrimonially-disposed man or woman -i of matter the ago, colour, creed) or attributes of any kind, provided merely there be plenty of money and a tolerable pedigree-the latter being made to order, if not already existing. His ' knowing Majesty's sons, and some of their new Austrian cousins, certain of his nephews among the Orleanist princes, the Prussian Regent, the Duke of Cambridge; divers highnesses, more or less serene; Hardgraves, and landgravines to match, and hoping to be mated and in short, every variety of the Gotha genus was there of course, for a purpose for those ladies and gentlemen never forget that time is money, but they never fail to make the most of it. What was their purpose? Marital or martial » Unfit . but as their deeds of arms chiefly consist in fighting shy themselves, their exploit now was in rendering others shy of fighting. Accordingly it is I conceived that they made out a case that would prove to other crowned heads the interest of the | ] acific principle, and one of these heads in parti- cular viz., the one that has not yet had the crown put on in the legitimate anointed mode, in the manner of Charlemagne and others of his chrisomed predecessors, especially his uncle, concerning whose ghost his prophetic soul has always disturbing visions, none more agitating than this same coronation one,, It it be not realised, (60,0 penetrates into the millstones of futurity say that it will grievously peril the pretensions of the Prince Imperial, and in a chief degree' among the clergy. These, though the main props of the Third Napoleon's throne as the best 1 vcscutpracticnl barrier to the inroads of what they regard as licentiousness and irreligion, are almost at.. a man friends of one or other branch of the preceding dynasty, and have no faith in the per- situation of this usurpation. The non-crowning of the Man of December the second would give a potent bias to these sinister auguries respecting the son, should the latter ever have the chance of succeeding and that there is no coronation is understood to be the great canker of the Emperor's mind for it is one of those facts that proclaim to the world the hollowness of all the assurances about his popularity, and the country's sympathy with his successes abroad and at home and is, in fact, a bitter burlesque upon his, amnesty of political offences, showing that his own offence is not amnestied, and never will be A coronation is known to be the great de- sideratum of his heart, unsatisfied till that is consummated ; but a coronation that could be only rendered imposing by theatrical artifices, and through the instrumentality of the police, and with no Pope to officiate, is not to be attempted. In the latter item, however, fortune, which has hitherto so wondrously favoured him who has so audaciously wooed her, seems on the point of conceding him another gift. The present Pope is all but at his last gasp, and, doubtless, will have gone up or down to St. Peter ere this reach you \- up or down being, of course, altogether a re- lative expression, according to the locality in. which was used, and must be different at the Antipodes from what it is in these latitudes. Well, when None shall have gone to Abraham's Bosom, where it is to be hoped he will find more reason for faith than he has done in the breast of certain princes in whom he has put trust in this world, it is not difficult to perceive that the next Pontiff will be the prototype of the Qallio Curr whose legions dominate in the Capitol, and hold the keys of the Vatican, Quirinal, St. Angelo, and every place else from the Tiber to the sea, and eau loose and bind in a fashion much more binding, though under loose notions, than the theological ligatures proper to the place. Suppose there should be a trained Bonaparte in propria persona I What if the new Pope was to call himself after St. Napoleon I There would be a tableau vivant of a real apocalyptic abomi- nation for Dr. Cumming, who, by the way, has just discovered another new beast in the Reve- lations I But without going so far as to say that this will actually be the case, it may be taken for granted that the now Lord of Rome will be ready enough to minister to the pleasures of the present Sovereign of the Lower Empire, in the matter of those gewgaws and gim-oraokery which L. N. B. delights in, not merely because of their significance in the eyes of the multitude, but from natural love of their insignificance, there being an infinity of the little as Napoleon le Petit, despite some traits of genuine greatness. Crossing the Rubicon, however, in respect to Rome does not diminish the great domestic difficulty and the chances are a thousand to one that His Majesty will at least fill an unique niche in French his story, if only on the ground of being the only i uncrowned sovereign from Clovis to the late Mr. William Smith, of Brighton, some time known as Louis Philippe. There are in that department of the Louvre containing the corona- tion robes and paraphernalia of the chief rulers of France, two glass cases containing nothing. What they are intended to contain it is easy to conjecture, for all around are souvenirs of " my Unto," his toilette- fittings, camp equipage, little grey coat, St. Helena hats, Marengo boots; Austerlitz spurs, Wagram waistcoats, Lodi breeches, and so forth; and nursery and other memorabilia of Napoleon the Second, a puissance of whom the world never heard till the present man called himself Napoleon the Third, though there was certainly well known to have been a titular dignitary in the world some seven and forty years ago called the King of Rome. The vacuity of the cases in question, and the ostentation of their display in a vicarage so suggestive, are hold by not a few in the adjacent Tuileries itself to be symbolic of the emptiness of all the aspirations for the founding of a lineage by one who cannot strike root in the soil, but merely vegetables on the surface, like his new n_paras^tes_clinging to him Reverting to the Ostend gathering, all the I acceptable issue of it has been that Leopold w is apparently deputed to make representations -no. doubt of a cogent nature, as no one knows better how to advance such-to the Emperor, who has been and is renovating himself and his but- on behalf down among the Pyrenean watering places; and thither the Belgian traveller has I daken himself, with what effect there is no telling yet But, meanwhile, the whereabouts of the Imperial location just now in that region, namely, lliarritz,'is the focus of very alarm- ing hot w master, or of a yet more torrid fluid, cold ink. Thither, at this writing, is hastening Lord Cowley, who is now giving another illustration of that characteristic which has rendered him so popular with, because so subservient to, the French, though therein, unfortunately, only acting as the mouthpiece alike of Whig, Tory, and Poollto, in Downing-street. Why is he hasten- ing to Biarritz ? To arrange the details of the co-operation between France and England for the prosecution of a new war with China. This you will learn by the present mail, of which the disaster is the great overshadowing feature, though far less so than its proposed remedy, is rendered necessary (not the co-operation, but the war by the terrible loss and disgrace inflicted on England by the Celestials, who have been guided by Russian officers ominous of what we shall one day And in Afghanistan and all Central Asia, though, notwithstanding what has just occurred, no one thinks of the probability of what may occur of precisely the same kind in a far more likely place. This news, which has created the 'profoundest sensation, for much the same reason that the seemingly healthiest and strongest of men would be terrified to be told that a pimple on his nose was the incipient. manifestation of a cancer, has also been the occasion of another precipitate Cabinet Council, again convened by telegraph of the most exigent emphasis, for it brought the scattered Ministers tumbling up to town at the hottest pace that express locomotives could boil] into a gallop. Lord Elgin whisked off from the Queen's dinner-table in the High- lands, and literally embodied Sydney Smith's prophecy concerning what railways would do when the wag said " the early Scotchman will scratch himself in the morning mist, and breakfast in Piccadilly." This Knight of the Thistle did so, for most essential was it that he should inculcate the prickly legend, " Nemo me impune increase," in this calamitous business, which never would have been anything of the sort had his wise advice regarding the treatment of the ' Celestials been acted upon, when he was sent out to endeavour to repair the awful blunders of Bowling, concern- ing the torch Arrow, Yoh, the pretended poisonings, and all the rest of it. When he got into the Yellow waters, however, he found that Admiral Sir Michael Seymour, who had been blazing away among the unfortunate natives right and left, or rather all left, insisted on pursuing the same game When that game was put an end to, be thwarted Elgin in every possible way, by withholding gun-boats and other necessary evidences of the power of England, because he wasn't at liberty to use them to the uttermost on every occasion. Surprising to tell or probably it would be more surprising if there were not something of the sort to tell the Admiralty at home took Seymour's part, while the Foreign Office took Elgin's. Pakington, however being more, popular than Malmesbury, the former department were allowed to take or rather did venture upon taking, for there was no one to forbid it-greater freedom,- and the up- shot was, that while Elgin did all the work, and did it well, and, in fact, saved us by his tact and discretion from the ignominious expulsion which the rashness', and folly, and igno- rance-professional as well as otherwise-of the I quarter-deck blustered would have inevitably j entailed upon us, Seymour's officers were decorated with ribbons, crosses, bridges, and the florid magniloquent of whole Gazette to themselves, and not one is liable of allusion made to anybody who accompanied the ambassador. But this did not prevent the truth being well known, and there was, therefore, no excuse whatever for the late Government not so strengthening our force in China as to have obviated the shocking repulse and loss we have sustained, assuming (and it ought to be an extravagant assumption) that it had been resolved to insist in the way we have done in forcibly in- terpreting a treaty that really did not exist for it was not ratified, and the Chinese had over and over again declared that they would be no party to any such concessions as we desired to wring from them. A private blue-book, that as a blue-book for the private use of Government, had been printed, supplemental to and accompany ing the public one, known as the " Elgin Coi respondence in reference to the Chinese and Japan Treaties." The latter one is known not only not to contain much that it should have contained, and the publication of which would have been of the greatest value, as showing that the Chinese are the very reverse of what they have been represented in regard to their knowledge of arms and skilful daring in the use of them, but much that it does contain is so perverted by mutilation and gambling, and " doctorings," as to convey a sense, just the opposite of the true one-as in the instance of the famous Ceylon despatches, which Lord Grey "medicated" for the benefit of his' cousin Torrington, the Governor; and in the case of the still more astounding Cabool papers, wherein the despatches of Sir Alexander Burnes were made to urge the war which he remonstrated most vehemently against,andthodisregarelof which remonstrance led to the massacre of so many British civilians, the sacrifice of 15,000 British soldiers, and the foundation of those financial gangrenes that are so rapidly sapping the marrow of British existence in India, and establishing incurable monetary derangements at home. The private blue-book alluded to will doubtless be called for the moment Parliament meets, and Tenrom Roebuck will be once more in his glory, with a Lover (not J. O., lúa partner in the Galway mail contract) calca- | lated to upheaved and dislocate a Ministry for although the backing of Seymour (who himself is now in Parliament and the snubbing of Elgin's start with the work of the late Ministry, or at least of the Admiralty, it would nevertheless go hard with the present Ministry if it could be proved, particularly in John Arthur's very demonstrative manner, that they had evidence of the true state of of things in China, and yet left us in the abominably unprepared manner we were found in when Admiral Hope and all his armament were routed with slaughter and confusion from the Peiho. All this, however, we could endure and repair single-handed ; but it is alarming to think, and does alarm thoroughly some who are capable of thinking, that we should now enter into a fresh military alliance with France for 1 prosecuting a war against one-third of the whole ! human race; a nation that no amount of de ' feat will subdue and no seeming subjection | I render submissive. Nearly all the burden of these operations will fall upon England, as well as the odium of whatever goes wrong while France will get all the praise and all the pudding but none of the blame, for she will neither take) a nor stand that But the Chinese coasts will be only a fragment of the great ci i ere of Oriental complications that are every day unfolding. This very day, for instance, brings news of the discovery of a most wide-spread and formidable plot to assassinate the Sultan. Though baffled, j others are sure to follow, and succeed and if they do not, that can but slightly retard the deliver ment of the sick man's demise, on the occurrence of which must ensue the true struggle among the European Powers for such a prize as they command of the Dardanelles the keys of | I empire," as both Peter and Napoleon the Great designated them-is incomparably too precious to he relinquished to France or Russia, for to do so would be at once to consent to England being a third-rate I State. Our fate, however, would seem for the present to be to play second fiddle to the Man of Destiny; and the fact of his being after all only a Brummagem repetition of the original does not gild the sacrifice with emotions very consolatory on the score of our magnanimity. * Whether looked at from a Western or an Eastern aspect, " this now entangling alliance" is pregnant with unpleasant promptings for in the face of soliciting him to help us to settle our own quarrels, with the almond-eyed Tartars, how can we censure whatever he pleases to do with Italy And what his pleasure in that particular may be we have the ghost of a notion to send you this mail, any more than we had last, the whole business being precisely in the same incomprehensible predicament now that it was then ; nobody able to say what is its beginning or middle, and assuredly no one able to say what its end is likely to be, any more than in the case of the con- I victed but not-to-be-hanged and not-to-bo-freed ' Smethurst, the great monster of the present ' mail, unless it be the Great Eastern, which you will find to be in pretty much the same sort of headless, tailless condition of non-understandable indescribability. 