Ethnology of India. BY DR. LATHAM VAN VOORST. [From the Atlas, Feb. 26.] The history of the manners and customs, the language and civilisation of the tribes of the earth, is one of the most interesting of studies, not only as confirming the truths of revelation, but as tending to show how one great idea of brotherhood pervades the whole human race. What recent writers have done more or less care- fully for the whole world, Dr. Latham here undertakes to do for the various races of men inhabiting the great peninsula of India and its immediate neighbourhood, The author is well-known for his learning, and for his crotchets; and were we in- clined to seek diversion by turning some of His theories into ridicule, there is ample Bpace in the volume before us. But we forbear from the ungracious task of raising an empty laugh at the expense of a man who has laboured so long and so usefully in his peculiar department. But there is one thing which we can do, we can find in the very miscellaneous contents of this volume quite enough to amuse, if not to interest our readers. Until we took the book up we had no notion of the great differences of race and character to be found in India. Everybody knows now-a days that there is a wide variety of physique, from the enervate dweller in the lower valley of the Ganges to the mountaineer of Affghanistan, and they do not all speak the same language. According to a sta- tistical return of the East India Company the languages in living use among the natives under their rule were twenty three in number. We know not how many Dr. Latham assigns to the same district, as his work ls a mere fragment without either beginning or end. Like an epic poet he rushes in mediae res, and there, too, he leaves us, a common failing with the doc- tor, who often succumbs under the weight of his materials. There is scarcely a superstition on the face of the earth which may not find its parallel in India, where from the summits of the snowy Himalaya to the hot valley of the Ganges, all climates are reproduced. In Kumaon, as in Germany, the ghosts of men killed in hunting still haunt the forests where they died, cheering on their dogs and pursuing their visionary game. Another kind of ghost peculiar to this lo- cality is the Acheri, who would be danger, ous visitants in our streets just now, see- ing they entertain a very strong dislike to females who wear any red in their dress. The Kumaon old bachelor is by no means to be envied; after death he becomes a will-o'-the-wisp, or Tola, whose society ia shunned eveu by his brother spirits. And very rightly too, will echo our gentler readers. Matrimonial notions in the East are not quite so correct as ours. In Ladak both polyandry and polygamy prevail. In Kunawer, polyandry is general - one wife to one family, the elder brother being the more special husband. Among the Kocch the property of the husband is made over to the wife ; when she dies it goes to her daughters, and when he marries he lives with his wife's mother. It is to be hoped thnt mothers-in-law are more amiable beings in India than they are generally found in Europe. Among the Bodo the husband buys his wife; and if he has not the ready money, "he must go to the house of his father-in- law elect, and there literally earn her by the sweat of his brow, and labour for a term of years," as Jacob served Laban. Among the Garo the youngest daughter inherits; the widow marries the brother of the deceased ; if he dies, the next; if all, the father. The Heuma are very liberal in their notions; men may marry two sisters at once, but not their step-mothers, as the Khumia do. Indian burial ceremonies are singularly various. In the passes of Kumaon it is usual to burn their dead; but only at a stated time, when a grand cremation takes place. Those who are so unreasonable as to die out of the month Kartik are tem- porarily buried, and transferred to the funeral pile at the proper season. " If a man dies away from home, his relations take a clue of worsted and draw it from the dead body to the house of the de- ceased, keeping it unbroken-if they can. The object of this is to enable the spirit to join those of his ancestors"-a sort of telegraphic route, we presume. A Bodo, when the funeral feast is ready, repairs with his assembled mourners to the grave of the deceased, and presents a little food to the departed one, with these words :- "Take and eat: heretofore you have eaten and drunk with us; you can do so no more. You were one of us; you can be so no longer. We come no more to you ; come not you to us." After this each person in the company breaks and casts on the grave a bracelet of thread, proceeds to the river and bathes; and having thus purified himself, returns to the banquet, where he eats, drinks, and makes merry. Among the flat-nosed Garo, the dead are kept four days before they are burnt. The ashes are then buried in the place where the fire was, and a thatched building is raised over them. During a month a lamp is lit every night in this building, on the poles at each corner of which the clothes of the deceased are hung. The Nagas inter their dead at the very threshold of their homes, rolling a stone over the grave to mark the spot. The village streets are full of these rude memorials. Among the Bhot of Kumaon omens are taken (as in old Rome) from the warm and reeking livers of sheep sacrificed for the purpose, whenever an undertaking of importance is in hand. The Lepcha, who sacrifice to the evil rather than to the good spirits-since the latter do them no harm-seek for omens in the entrails of fowls. The Bodo have a good fashion during sickness, which might be imitated with advantage in more westerly nations: When sickness takes place, it is not the physician but the exorcist who is summoned to the sick man's aid. The exorcist is called, both by the Bodo and Daimals, Ojha, and he operates as follows. Thirteen leaves, each with a few grains of rice upon it, are placed by the exorcist in a segment of a circle be- fore him to represent the deities. The Ojha, squatting on his hams before tbe leaves causes a pendulum attached to his thumb by a string to vibrate before them, repeating in- vocations the while. The god who has possessed the sick man, is indicated by the exclusive vibration of the pendulum towards his representative leaf, which is then taken apart, and tho god in question is asked, what sacrifice he requires? a buffalo, a hog, a fowl, or a duck to spare the sufferer. He answers (the Ojha best knows how !) a hog ; and it is forthwith vowed by the sick man and promised by the exorcist, but only paid when the former has recovered. The Ho are singularly superstitious, and the marriage omens are so numerous and peculiar, that matrimony labours un- der strange discouragements :- " If a vulture, crow, magpie, oriole, wood- pecker, jackall, hare, bee, snake, &c;, pass behind the negotiator, there will be a death. If a certain kind of ichneumon drag a certain kind of spider across the road, the bride will be dragged away by a tiger the first time she goes out for wood or water. If a hawk seize a bird, the same. If a certain kind of vulture fly singly, or in front of its flock, death to one of the four parents-death to the bride's parent if the village of the bride, to the bridegroom's if his village, be the nearest-death to a father if the bird be a male, to the mother if a female. If the great wood-hawk hover overhead, death to both mother and son at childbirth. Should a branch fall from a tree, death. The dung- beetle rolling dung portends hard work and little reward. The Gods of India are not all of them the monstrous creatures we read of in books of travel. Mannon, the wife of Batho, a Bodo deity, is an eminently do- mestic goddess. She is found in every house under the guise of a bamboo pole, about three feet high, with one end in the earth, and on the other a small earthen- ware cup of rice. The malicious Kangniba is easily propitiated by the Nagas. A fowl is the sacrifice, the sickliest and smallest of the roost will do. As he is blind, and can only feel what room it takes, the crafty Nagas put, the little bird in a big basket. It is the special delight of Kuchom, a female deity of the new Kuki, to inflict the belly-ache. Hila, another elegant dame, presides over in- digestions, and can thus make good food poisonous. Thila is as jealous as Juno. When you pray to her husband, you had better include her, or else you may have a head-ache, or tooth-ache, or some other uncomfortable ailment. The Kharan have a god named Tso, who dwells in the upper part of the human head. He is kept in good-humour by attiring the head handsomely; but for all that the owner must keep it out of reach of danger-from roofs that may fall in or trees that may break down. The Kophoo is a thorough hobgoblin: the stomach of a wizard which prowls about at night to devour the kelahs of men in the shape of a human head and entrails. The Lusofyze of Affghanistan-a compound of the Quaker and the Scotchman-are sadly treated by their moliahs, who for an omission of the regular prayers or neglect of the fasts, either inflict bodily punishment on the offender (as heartily as the old Irish priest used to do) or disgrace him by public ex- posure on an ass. The Warali never mention the names of their wives. If closely pressed, they will give you the names of their neigh- bours', but never of their own. They worship the lord of tigers, a shapeless stone smeared with red lead and ghee. They give him chickens and goats, break cocoa nuts on his head, and pour oil on him. The Khoud religion is very san- guinary, human sacrifices and female in- fanticide being common. A singular ac- count of this people is given by Capt. Macpherson, which Dr. Latham abridges: - The Tokki (or Keddi), being brought blind- fold to the village for which he is destined to become the offering, is lodged with its head man, in fetters if an adult, at liberty if a child; and here he is honoured as a being consecrated and hallowed, and, on the whole, scarcely unhappy. Everyone welcome him, and should he grow, and have intercourse with any of the village females, the father or husband is only too thankful for the distinc- tion. Sometimes a female, herself a victim, is specially awarded to him, along of a portion of land and stock. The condition of the parents is now inherited by the offspring, and the children of such unions are liable to be sacrificed when called, which is not always. Escape is rare, nothing being more sedously inculcated on the victim than the conviction that his death will bring him to immediate happiness, his flight to certain and well-deser- ved misfortune. And now the time of oblation comes on. The victim, hitherto unshorn, has his hair cut off, and the village performs the ceremony called bringa. By this they make the vow that a sacrifice shall be effected. All wash their clothes and go out of the village, headed by the priest, who invokes Tari. Drunkenness, frantic dances, and all kinds of impious excitement precede the dreadtful sacrifice. The victim is fastened to a post and anointed with oil and ghee, daubed with turmeric, and adorned with flowers. Here he passes a day and a night, a little milk and sago being given him the next morning. At noon the fatal ceremony begins. To prevent his escapiug his limbs are broken, as he must die un- bound:- The exact spot for the sacrifice has been determined before hand, i. e. the night previ- ous, and by a strange kind of divination. A number of persons are sent in the dark with sticks in their hands, and with orders to probe and poke some portion of the ground about the village in order to find a crack or opening, for such is the spot indicated by the Earth Goddess as the exact locality for the sacrifice. This being found, a short post is fixed in it in the morning. Round this they place four larger ones, and in the middle the victim. The arm of a growing tree is now riven -half-way down, and the victim, forced into the cleft, like Milo, is left for it close on him; the natural elasticity of the timber being assisted by ropes round its open extremity. These the priests, with his assistants, draws tighter and tighter. He then wounds the victim slightly with an axe, and leave him to the crowd. They throw themselves on him, and strip the flesh from the extremeties and trunk, leaving the head and intestines untouched. There are variations even in this horrid ceremonial. In one district the victim is slowly burnt to death, with horrible cruel- ties besides. A low shaft with a roof-like ridge is raised, and the victim fastened to it. Fire is then applied in such a manner as to make him writhe and struggle up and down the two slopes alternately. The more tears he sheds the more abundantly will Tari-the Juno of their creed-allow a supply of rain, The next day he is cut to pieces. Polygamy among the Mishmi is limited only by the means of a husband. For every ten wives a man must have a large house, and these houses are ornamented with the skulls of the cattle killed in the exercise of hospitality. When the head of the family dies, all these are cleared and buried near him, the son beginning again the same process of adornment. The legs of the young ladies of this tribe are said to be as large as a drayman's. The calf of the leg of the Gam's daughter measured more than both of Captain Wilcox's put together. But Dr. Latham slyly insinuates that in more than one savage (might he not have added and civi- lized) country, artificial means of thick- ening the leg are resorted to. Men should remember this, and inquire accor- dingly when young ladies' legs are twice the circumference of their own. The Koladyn tribes have a singular tradition to account for the practice of tatoeing the women. Part of the tribute to a conquering race was the payment of a certain number of beautiful women. As none of the fair sex, or of the brown sex either, will acknowledge themselves to be ugly, they all tottoed themselves to deface their charms. A somewhat similar tradi- tion is found in Thibet:- The women of a certain town were too handsome to be looked at with impunity ; for, as their virtue was proportionately easy, the morals of tho people suffered. So a sort of sumptuary law against an excess of good looks was enacted, from the date of which to the present time the women, whenever they go abroad, smear their faces with a dingy dirty- coloured oil and varnish, and succeed in con- cealing such natural charms as they might otherwise exhibit. Appropos of handsome women, com- mend us to the Keiaz in the high peaks of the Paropamisus. When a Keiaz lover wishes to marry, he lays his bow at the feet of the fair one; if she takes it up, kisses and returns it the knot is tied and she is his wedded wife. She can also di- vorce herself at any time, by taking her husband's bow and flinging it on the ground before him. She may also " pop the question" herself, by unslinging a bow from the shoulder of the man she selects. It is somewhat of an anticlimax to learn that a Keiaz husband can sell his wife. Ethnology condescends to the meanest circumstances. The Kasia children spin peg-tops! In how many countries do they do the same? " How to observe " remarks Dr. Lathem, " has yet to be ap- plied to children's games!" 