ANTI STATE-AID MEETING. (Abrùlgedfrom the Argus of July 26.) A VERY large and influentially attended meeting was held yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institute, the object being to petition the new Parliament for the total abolition of State-aid to religion in Victoria. The chair was occupied by James M'Culloch, M.L.A., Esq. Upon the platform were a number of ministers of different denominations, and gentlemen who have already taken an active part in this movement at different times. The following gentlemen were observed to be present :-The Revs. Miller, Fletcher, Ramsay, Hamilton, Mirams, Thomas, Beare, Odell, Jarrett, Morison, and Townsend ; the Hon. John Hodgson, M.L.C. j the Hon. John Hood, M.L.C. ; Mr. Harker, M.L.A. ; Mr. Langlands,'M.L.A. and Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A. The Rev. Mr. Fletcher proposed the first resolution, which is as follows : " That in the opinion of this meeting the system of State-aid to religion pursued in this colony is unjust in principle and injurious in its operation that it tends to degrade the position and damage the character of the Christian min | istry to interfere with the liberality and zeal of the Christian people to foster sectarian animosities in the community and in general, to defeat the very object which it professes to promote." He supposed all would admit that those who were called the ministers of religion had the rights and the privileges of citizens as well as other men. At the same time, it was not considered seemlyforthem to take an active part in political questions. He agreed with that opinion, and his conduct was usually influenced by it but on that occasion he had broken through his reserve, on the ground that the question before the meeting was really of a religious nature, and had been dragged unnecessarily into the arena of politics, whence it would never be extricated until the abolition of State-aid. Last session, when all classes were unanimous in the belief that the resolution agreed to by the Lower would also be carried in the Upper House, they were annoyed to find the cup suddenly dashed from their lips. Now, however, when a new Parliament was on the point of assembling, it was the very time to agitate the question again, so as to secure the complete and final abolition of the pernicious system. The great reason for his objection to the continuance of it was, that religion was an affair of the heart, and bore upon the invisible and eternal, while the State must necessarily deal with the secular and visible. Religion must be voluntary, and if there was no affection there could be no religion. (Hear.) It appeared to him that the Aus- tralians colonies were designed to work out several problems for the old country ft'lí»JA.^A.T V »ottSiaä row when Session after "session in ^ngUTYod'tkn!!6 ^ Commons been fighting about one little move church-rates La the colonies people smiled face. At last, however, church rates had been aU ft but the staff operandi had not yet been upon In New South Wales the major members of the Legislature had given h t' sion to the Voluntary principle. (CheeYaO is an example he hoped would be followed in Mr!. ? nay more, that the abolition of State aid IA fooner carried here than in the sister colony is the colonies adopted the Voluntary principle. ,? almost synchronous affirmation of the former S ' k re-act upon England ; old prejudices would ened, and the parents would learn of their An (Cheers.) In conclusion he would saving time to take action. " « I Mr Langton, in a telling speech, replete with I and figures, seconded the motion The resolution was then put, and carried sH K unanimously The Rev. Mr Ramsay proposed the House resolve as follows " That the beneficial results which I followed the cessation of Go-\ eminent aid to leK, in South Australia and elsewhere and the ss favourable decision of our own Legislative Away on the subject, call and encourage the frienD religious truth and liberty to another and not effort for the utter and speedy) cure ion of them in this colony ' Having spoken in somehmU the resolution, he concluded by quoting nan statistics to prove that, in South Australia of voluntary system had worked most successfully Mr Haller seconded the resolution and saying was most important that statistics should be ral because they were facts, and facts were very study things He should not, however, the able them in many figures but would simply refer to the facts since the voluntary system had been exhibit places of worship had increased in membership cent They had been told frequently that [ voluntary system was a failure but figuresproreJt contrary In Virginia the Church of England been established, and it was the law that if a man away from church for a quarter of a vow he should pay 50lb of tobacco (Laughter) line wktsmsll on for some time, and the ministers were certain and worse. Complaints were made without it; until at last the War of Independence hurst out, of the people said they would abolish State-aid. Bj result of that had been that religion had increased the States; and, according to a return furnished!] Dr. Bear in the United States there were 442) churches, and 29,530 ministers. Those churches been established entirely through the zeal of theatres and by voluntary contributions. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. Langlands, M.L.A., in a short speech, in the third resolution, which was as follows-The this meeting, deeply convinced of the necessitroisri a measure to the moral and religious well-behaved community, would respectfully recommend" to the various constituencies at the approaching events return no candidate to the Legislature who does not declare for the immediate and total abolition of SS. aid to religion." Mr. J. S. Johnston at that hour of the case would not inflict a long speech upon his atlas, more particularly as it was an established rack when the oral mechanism of cler gymea was set up, it was' warranted to go for half an hour at te, (Laughter.) He might state that he had the te first to bring the voluntary principle under the vat of the Legislature. When Mr. Westgarth, in his!, asked for a grant-in-aid for the Jews, he seemed that request, on the ground that if one (enemies were assisted by the Government all ought toll, unless there was something in the dogmas of urge them injurious to the State. What were termed the latitudinarian views did not, however, go down in the House, and their request was refused, Wtab first attempted to procure the abolition of Stitwii the grant was £6000 annually. Now it was AM, and that was the result of his labour. (Laughtaj State-aid had been the greatest stumbling! to any general scheme of education. In clergy would, in his opinion, never agree to any w tem of education. With them it was-no taken, no school. The monstrous principle seemed to be carried out in England, that, since the peopled not be imbued with their religious opinions, it better they should have no teaching at all. It wE this want he attributed the large increase of ob latterly. (A voice, " No, it is drunkenness.") W, and what did drunkenness arise from, swept fra I lack of instruction ' In Glasgow alone there TO 10,000 children who never went to any school u Edinburgh, 00,000 never attended public worship,! Glasgow, 100,000 and in London a million Qua endowments he considered were the causes our wholesale heathenism In Ireland there was btf ghost of a church, and in Scotland, the paid HUD beats of the old church preached to empty bent In England the Established Church was bantams for a religious aristocracy, while all the work was dr. by poor curates. The very cathedrals were on objects of curiosity to visitors, and but seldom cr tamed more than a mere sprinkling of worships' (Cheers ) The speaker concluded by express mg I hope that the meeting would not consider he m striving to gain popularity as an election candidates; a side-wind, as his political opinions were melton The resolution was then put and carried with off dissentient. Mr. Fairfax proposed the next resolution, a fol- lows "That the following petition be adopted, and signed in the name and on behalf of the meeting by the Chairman, and forwarded to both Houses of ii Legislature soon after the opening of Parliament," To the Honorable the Legislative Assemby of the cote; Victoria In Parliament Assembled. The petition of the inhabitants of the city of Melbourne's vicinity, in public meeting assembled, Humbly showeth, That your petitioners strongly condemn the system of M religion by grants from the public fund, for the following If other reasons -? Some of your petitioners who do not object to such a nice abstract principles, yet believe it is utterly Impplle««'» ' countiylikothiB, inhabited by people of such varied open and usages. That such variety occasions the endowment of error at the" truth, which endowment many of us conscientiously believing unscriptural and irrational. . , That the continuance of of such grants inflicts perpetual JJ upon those parties in the community who convention! is to take them, or who are excluded from participatingtnttiffi, inasmuch as they are compelled to contribute their share to supporting systems of religion of which they do not approve Others of our petitioners consider the support of religion State grants wrong? in principle, believing it tobacantnrruru very nature of religion that it should be sustained In passes part, by compulsory taxation. .... They believe that to impose upon statesmen the rejpoMlMir» interfering in matters of religion, and oviding torlueapp'y requiring of the duties for which they are not specislly«?«.*: and for which they cannot generally be expected to w has qualified. a The habit of leaning upon State aid for maintaining' nances of religion ends, in the opinion of your PTSí paralyse the liberality of the Christian people, who, is «B*fJ to their own resources, would be more likely to exert time" to provide the necessary funds Your petitioners further believe the effect of the 'J's"'' the recipients themselves to be unfavourable to their '""fa. inasmuch as it tends to weaken the tie between thopJ»wr«M?¡ flock, to retain in their position men who may h'PPf", Jj unsuitable, and to lower the sacred function of the anna»)1,J by making its holders State stipendiaries. .. 6, Your petitioners regard the amount of religious PETTY other colonies where State aid has' been abolished as P"T,'*?» ciently that the intends of religion do not state byes!'" entirely to the free action of the Christian community Your petitioners regard the speedy settlement of the qrs desirable for the sake of the peace and harmony of the common; inasmuch as those who object to the existing »r'tdT°Vk,TU tions grounds are not likely to cease from agitaUrg w ES mind upon the subject until it is entirely abolished, Mt. Your petitioners therefore pray that it may please TT;,5r.¿ able House to pass a law for the total and immediate a0°S.";( the fifty-third clause or the Constitution Act, which VOTE-, the payment of £50,000 per annum to the religious denouncer-" of the colony. And your petitioners will ever pray, &c.; "aims. JAMES M'CLEER, Cornu Mr. Dickson seconded the motion, and stated IN there was no subject which he had studied women the one before them, he was not a voluntary, a he thought the vote given by the Legislature was p fectly unnecessary. He thought that as the WURM had thoroughly established themselves in town, should support others in the country ; and M MU that for every penny the Church received nom Government, they lost a pound from the prof: Two or three speakers having stated objection the wording of a particular port of the petition, Mr. Jarrett moved the insertion of 27th IT which endowment many of us conscientious) Heres to be unscriptural and irrational. JJ means he thought all objections would be met. Mr. Haller seconded the amendment. The motion of Mr. Fairfax was then put carried. ," elected A vote of thanks having been passed to a man, the meeting separated. ON TO GLORY The French papers relate the lowing :-" A corporal jumped into a hackney on the Boulevards I 'Whereby' said the coaches To glory was the answer. The coachman scr his head, and looked puzzled. * Ass that you said the son of Mars, don't you know the s j railway station?" i 