COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. YESTERDAY'S MARKETS. Mercury Office, Wednesday Afternoon. Some small lots of the new wheat are oe eçssionally brought in, but no considerable quantities are expected at preseut ; quoted- ns are given at 7s. (Id. to Ts. fid. per busuel one or two sales having been made at die former figure, the cample not first-ra-e. Colonial oats .re quoted at 4s. Od. to Ss. 3d., next to nothing doing. Cape batley, 4s. 3d. to 4s. Ud. Loose bay goes off slowly at prices varying from £o to £0 10s. per ton according to quality, and country pressed from io to À.0 10s.. Searrety any potatoes hare yet come forward, and lui quotations remain unchanged. There is uo change to notice in the fleur market, mid prices continue steady, lina flour .ella atA'IH to £10 10s. per ton according te quntity. Brau, la. ßd. to 3s. per bushel. The Culloden took down to Port Arthur yea terday, several pri<oners sentenced to ranon ttrmt of penal sertitideat the regent Crimina' Sittings. Amongst them ia Hanslow, ronvicird of *n aaaault nponhi* wife, which ease cr'ated considerable excitement at the time of it* occur- rence. Intelligence has just reached town from the captain of the Pryde, that they took a whale on Saturday evening which is expected to try on 16 tuns in Rocherche Bay. The Maid of Erin is reported with one additional whale and the Isabella and Emily Downing the same. Fbeb Trade a">-d Pbotictios -Tlie ghost of old Protection, eiorcised once more 'rom the realms of Chaos and old Night, to wbich, with other lnmber. we hsd hoped it wm finally con i'sned «bout six year* ago, bubs** walking tlie earth daring tbe last few weelu with such effect on tlie minds of those who have encountered it aisnchapparitionaareorillnarilysaidtop odnte It has frightened » Minister of State back to Protection, and a member of Pari aine it sim st out of Free Trade. Proal tnu-t the great magician who evoked it from ita resti ?g-p'oce be to see the effect he lias produced on the con vidions of one man and the nervous sensibilities of another. We have all raid of the lady who whs an unexceptinn -ble matron in all other respects hut whom the presence of a ra use lud the power instantaneinaW to convert i< to the cat ont of which she was made. Such, we fe ir, i Lord Malmesbury when brought into contai-' with the question of Free Tr de. He enacts, not aithout cacees*, the part of a liberal Minis ter on all other topic*. He bogzlc« neither »t property qualification, Jewish emancipati n, nor Neapolitan crerc'nu. ; in f ct, acta the part io well th.it one is on the point of forgetting tha be wat not hronjht np to it ; when suddenly an vii chance flings in his way the plaintive wail- ing* of the British shipowner, and lo ! the meta mnrphoM- is complete and instantaneous, and onr Kor» ign Sec eta<y, snch as he was in his lav« of nature, stands revea'ed before na. We had thought, at ' ny rate. Lord Malmesbury and bia colleagues bid made a decisive and final el clion ;but it Would now seem a* if they were not indisposed to take what ere it may be had for beinir Free- traders against their will, and by mingling their tear« with those who mourn for the fine old English N vigation Laws to »ttrac to the-w Ives whatever unappropr ated sympa thy the last o'" the Protectioilists mjy have to -pare. The Greenock Chamber of Commerce I ad mem< rialix-d the Foreign Offio on «he sub- ject of the unwillingness shown by foreign nations to return in kind the liberal policy of Great Ilritain, urging no roubt, that na they were foolish enough to tux their general indus- try fortbepurposeofencourazing their shippji g intcre-t, it was highly unp triotic in us to pre- tend to be wiser than our neighbours, and th it no ought to Io e no time in following their xamplc. It wa* not a bad opportunity for Lord Malmesbury to air Iii« new principles', nn'y '<e arniled hiiUBclt of it to veitilate his old on s He directs Mr. Hamilton I " to state t > the men of Greenock that hen greta to sav that the apprehens ons that wire mterta'nrd hy many person« of the probable effect ? f the abolition ot the Navigation Laws har been realised, and that the effort* of Her Majesty** Gorermnetit have hitherto proied unavailing to obtain for t< e iliipp'ng of England that reciprocity of the lib. ral ineniure« she bj* g> anted to other nations which she was entitled to expect " We must be permitted to any that this official statement contains a complete misrepresents ion of the reí! nature o' the controversy with regard to the repeal of the Navigation Laws. Anjo e would suppose, fiom Lord Jlalmesbury's trium pliant regrets ut the too speedy and puiulu1 realisation of all that which that prophetic sagacity for which he is so ju-tty célébrai di foretold, that the rial issue on which the repeal of the Navigation Laws wand ciiled was whether or no foreign countries would follow us in the ex nrap'c of liberality we set them, the Freetraders urging thst lliey would be aim to do so, and the Protectionist« that they would certainly not. 1 he r-al controversy was whether, even suppos- ing thsi foreign countries were not «ulightened enough to follow our example, a* .was only too likely lo be the case, we did not gain as a nation bt their competition and the consequent lowering of freight«, even though they rnighi not be wise enough t» secure a similar advantage for them- selves. The question of reen rocity or no reci p ncity was of the higbe-t importance from the l'rnicotioni-t view, and quite immaterial to the . Free Trade argument. Our Protectionista torn. Freetraders, and then reproach us with a col- lateral result of be new policy which could only be important when tiewtd from iii» Protectionist point of view, which they pride«* to discard. 1 he monse has come, sud the matron is « cai Biain. Nor ia the revival of ibis unpalatable inpic without a certain amount uf tribulation even to Btauuch Kreeiradei s Pro ectiou being no longer a party cry, having, in fact, vanished from the region of polnics, can uow b* iniro duci d without difficulty by ensti utncie* to ihe ?mention of their member*. It hu tunk from being a great public question to the m->re dimin- utive dimensions ot a private job ; such a job aa influential supporters may ask, and perhaps complaisant members concede. It fell to the lot ot Mr. Ingham, the liberal and conciliatory member for South Shielda, to attend a meeting of bia ship-owning constituents, at which-the re riprocity giievance seems lo bave been ully ven- tilated, and then ihe opinion of the member dis lincilj asked. It is to Mr. Iiigham'a credit lhat, though solely pressed and dreadfully anxious to couci iate, though with some apologies and ap- parently not with a few m striving«, he did con tri ve to maintain his principles, and io refuse any promise, expressed or impl.ed, that he would attempt lo reverse the policy of free trade. He »as sanguine as to the luture and complimentary as to ihe past ; he deeply respected ene gentle- man's knowledge and another geutleman'a talents; all that man could do he would do lo put iii moiiuu whatever machinery there might be which could induce foreign Governments to enter into the flowery paths of reciprocity ; but bia allegiat ce to free trade he aln-geih-r reserved, and could not hy any menus be brought, what- ever pressure was applied, to give any hope of surrender ou this poim. Mr. Greenhow waa complimented for his excellent pamphlet, aud the shipowners were condoled with for their depressed condition, but Mr. Iughatn showe« even from that excellent pamphlet ilfcelf that from 18-10 io l*-57 British tonnage bad in- creased 57 per cent. ; entrances and clearancea HO per ceut.; in fact, from 19,500,000 tons to 23,50 ',000. What was asserted in ti e naviga- tion law controversy'was, not that foreign tonnage would not increase, fir it was the very object of the measure that it sbou d do so* bip that while foreign tonnage increased British tonnage would in. rea«e also; and we regret to sa\, at' L-nd Ma iiiesbury baa it, that the appn beusions of (hose who feared an opposite result have been signally falsified. lu ibis metier we mutt say the Commoner seems io come better out of ii than the Peer. Lord .Malmesbury, while deriv- ing every advantage which is lo be got from the adoption of Free Trade, relapses on the very finit temptation into proiec ion, while Mr. Ingham, though sorely pressed, cannot be in- duced to compromise his allep ianoe to free tr«de. After all, there is sum« difference between veneering and solid wood.-between deep-sea ed conviction aud enforced conversion,-betweeu * polioy which is the result of opinion and au opin- ion which ii the result of policy.-Timm, Nov. 17. 