VICTORIA. li Y the Wonga Wonga we have three day's later from Melbourne, viz., to the 25th instant. The elections appear to engross the nlmost un- divided attention of the Press nnd the public, the columns of the different journals being filled with ac- counts of electioneering meetings in nnd around Mel- bourne. "Political conversaziones," says the Argus, ?" are continued nightly, and attract large audiences." Notwithstanding the political agitation (remarks the Age) which attracts the public attention from ordinary affairs, theunder current of speculationin mining enters prise, that set in not many weeks hack, continues to absorb the undivided interest uf a considerable section of the community. Scarcely a day passes hut some new project is launched, or a novel and profitable fea- ture exhibited in some established compnny. Reputa- ble and substmtial citizens talk freely of a " rise" in the shares of some undertaking in which they aro the fortunate allotoes or promoters. The last quota- tions of " Bngshots," " Boliiidas," and "Bolivias," take precedence of the old trade favourites of " Candles," " Coals," and " Cheese." A small and somewhat "seedy" portion of our " city men" are daily receiving an increase to their ranks ;" and, if im- provement in externals is indicative of success, they seem to be augmenting their exchequer. In the vicinity of our money-changers' ollices, and what lins been facetiously denominated " the Victorian Stock Exchange," those greasy ghosts maybe seen flitting to and fro pounnng upon some speculative wight to press a sale upon him of shores or scrip. We nro threatened with a repi eduction on a small scale, but nevertheless equally dnngerous to legitimate enterprise, of that crew of .'stags," "lame ducks," "bulls," and "bears" who haunt the passages around the London Stock Exchange. Even the outside public who rarely meddle with mercantile or mining affairs, are at last inoculated with the mania. The lion. George Coppin, M.L.C., lins announced his intention of re-appearing on the bonrds of the Olympic, for the benefit of the Admella Relief Fund, and the establishment of a dramatic college. It is also ' stated that Mr. G. V. Brooke will positively leave the colony for England, in October next, to accept an engagement at one of the leading theatres in London, It is satisfactory to leam that the alpacqs. imported into this eountiy ave likely to thrive nnd multiply in .our Australian pastures. ' If any further proof were wanting of their ¡itlnptnbility to this climate, it could easily he obtained by a visit to the Zoological Gardens. The twenty-two iilpucas which were turned into the inclosurc have now increased to twenty-nine-two males and ftve females having been horn since tlieir arrival hero. Not a vestige remains of the disease which so mai red their appearance upon their first landing, and they have now a very sleek and well-fed look.-Argus. Tit- Woitiuxo MAN'S CANDIDATE.-Mr. Don met the electors of Collingwood on Wednesday evening, at the Magna Charta Hotel, Brunswick-street. In the course of his speech he pointed out the necessity of the woiking men returning one of themselves to repre- sent them in the reformed Parliament, and instanced several cases in which such a want was severely felt. He next referred.to, and commented upon, seriatim, the principles advocated by the Convention. Die declared himself in favour of a limited monarchy at present, and repudiated the imputation that he was a red republican. He Mas for retrenchment in the public service, and would give all supernumeraries permission to go to the diggings. Ile would abolish the theological element in education, leaving religion to be taught at home by the parents or pastois. He would support a lien bill, and vote for abolishing the Masters and Servants' Act. Mr. Don, in reply to some questions asked by the meeting, said he would support a resolution to prevent the Government from alienating the public lands till the question wos settled. He was sure, if the House met at four, the people of Collingwood would allow him to go home and dress himself as he ?was now. These privileges were allowed merchants and lawyers, and why not to him also ? He would support a measure for carrying out Judge Barry's suggestion, namely, to have books circulated by means of public libraries through the country. He would vote in favour of a motion of want of confidence in the Ministry, if he would not move it. They should he driven out by all means. [From our tele- gram of Saturday, we learn that Mr. Don has been returned as one of the members for Collingwood, for which there were nine candidates nominated. -Erf. S. M. 77.] THE ADMELLA..-We glean some further particulars of this disaster from the papers. The Adelaide Advertiser estimates the number of lost at sixty. From the same souice we learn that at the instance of the South Australian Government, an enquiry is to he made by the Trinity Board into the cause of the wreck ; and that the question of appointing a Commis- sion to make further enquiry is also under consideration. Mr. Hurtle Fisher, one of the survivors of the wreck, arrived in Melbourne on the 22nd instant. He has . quite recovered from the effects of his exposure. The report that The Barber has been saved seems perfectly true. The Portland papers contain several items of -intelligence. It appears that the statement so gene- rally circulated, that the cause of the wreck ot the Admella was the shifting of a horsebox, is incorrect. It was necessary during the passage that one of the horses on board should be moved, but this^ was done near Kangaroo Island, and not at all in the locality of the wreck. There is no assignable cause for the latter except the derangement of the compass by the opera- tion of natural phenomena, or grossly criminal negli- gence. All the survivors are progressing favourably. Miss Ledwith, of whom great fears were entertained on Monday, is now considered quite out of danger, and is regaining strength. Mr. Miller, who is staying at Mr. Croaker's, is doing well. Many of the others appear to have regained their strength, and are daily .seen about the town. Dr. M'Donald reports that George Hill, the second steward, whose hand was so badly bruised that it was thought ho would lose his - thumb, has had a portion of the bone removed, and is recover- ing ; and that the cabin boy, George Ward, who it was feared would lose both his legs, is also presenting ? favourable symptoms. The following incident of the wreck is nairated by the Guardian:-"Among the many painful scenes connected with the late disastrous wreck, few are more affecting than the following. Among those congregated on the poop after the first breaking up of the vessel, was a lad who served in the capacity of cabin boy. He was a smart, clever lad, and an expert swimmer. The Admella's boat, which had got loose, was seen drifting away at a great dis- tance off. If they could only secure it, most of them might be saved. The lad proposed to jump overboard and swim for it. The distance, however, was too great, and the risk from sharks, &c;, too imminent for the rest to permit it. He, however, was urgent, and as he was so excellent a swimmer, his proposal was finally agreed to. A rope was fastened round his body, in order that, should he reach the boat,. it might be drawn in,' or, if he should fail, he might at least be rescued from drowning. The lad went over, and bravely he swam out. All eyes were fixed on him, and all hearts beat high with excited hopes. On he goes, and the rope is nearly paid-more line, more line ! Every available piece was brought and joined on successively. Still on he goes, and now ho nears the boat. The anxiety is intense. One more piece and he will reach it. They were in the act of joining the last line, when suddenly the person who had hold of the rope let it slip. A cry of horror arises. The boy is lost-their hopes are gone. It was with a feeling of unutterable agony that they saw this brave lad who had risked his life, and who was exerting himself almost beyond human power to save them, trusting to their watchful caie of him, thus sacrificed by a careless accident. Lo_g did they watch that noble form, as it was carried away, far, far out to sea, still buffeting with the waves ; . and long after it had passed from their sight did it continue to haunt their imaginations, even in the midst of the many other scones of suffering which were occurring around -them." The Admella Committee have not been idle. One hundred printed forms of subscription-lists have been despatched to every town of importance in the coun- try, the return of which is expected by the 1st of September next. Mr. Blackwood, the hon. secretary, has put himself in communication with the captains of the various steamers who have visited the scene _ of the shipwreck, and also with the gentlemen residing at Mount Gambier, for the purpose of getting every information respecting the value of the services per- formed by each of the rescuers, with a view to a proper appropriation of the rewards. The Adelaide Committee have also been written to, and their co- operation with the Melbourne Committee requested. SUDDEN DEATH.-At about halt-pust eleven o'clock vesterday morning, a woman named Mary Harriss, aged forty years, a servant at Mr. Troughton's Marine Hotel, Parrámatta-street, died very suddenly. Imme- diately after the occurrence the case was reported to the police, when a medical man (Dr. Walker) was callad in, who gave it as lus opinion that death had resulted from an apoplectic fit. It is reported that there waft' unnecessary delay m sending lor medical assistance ; if such was the case, it will] doubtless come out at the'-inquest, which will probably he held this morning. i PHIMI ARMOMO SOCIETY.-The second concert of the season will be given by the members of the Philhar- monic Society this evening, in the hall of the Ex- change. The programme is n very nttraetive one. Amongst the pieces advertised will be noticed a grand chorus from Mcyberbeer's Huguenots, and a solo air, from Handel, by Miss Brady. It is gratifying to observe that in these and other performances valuable co- operation will bo nfîorded by the members of the Vocal Harmonic Society, who will, in their turn, avail themselves of the assistance of the instrumental performers of the Philharmonic Society. This friendly interchange of services will help to "counteract the feeling which seems to have gained ground, that a kind of rivalry or competition exists between the two societies. The great object of both being the same the diffusion of _ a taste for good music through the community, their co-operation on these occasions is very desirable, and is likely to be productive of mutual advantage. The publie will also be the gainers hy a combination which will render the concerts of each society more varied and complete in their character. Mu, CKAMHERS'S Accni'TAXcr. or Omer..-Mr. Chambers will have to prepare himself for not n few " friendly" congratulations on the very short time he has given to the electors of East Maitland ns their representative,before acceptingnnofficeunderGovern ment, which will, we presume, render necessary his resignation ns n member of the Assembly. It will be remembered that during the election proceedings he frankly told the electors he had been open to an ap- pointment, under the District Courts Act, and that lie saw no cause for blaine in his being ready to riso in his profession. And we leam that ho ' has now accepted the office of Crown Prosecutor for the Western District. Where no nttempt at concealment was made, and tho electors voted for a man who dealt thus candidly with them, they cannot well now binnie him for doing what he told them plainly he was willing to do. But the result certainly renders it still more a matter for regret that a tried and patriotic man was rejected, on such very slight cause ns was alleged ugninst Mr. Dickson. A meeting of Mr. Chnmbcrs's committee was held on Friday evening, at the Hunter Uiver Hotel, " to consider business connected with Mr. Chambers's retirement from the Legislative Assembly."-Maitland Mercury. Dr. DICKSON--Mr. Cowper has certainly been generally unlucky in his selection of a Minister to sit in the Upper House. None have been appointed by him to perform the necessary governmental work in that House, who have at all approached the veteran Deas Thomson in fitting character and talent for the office. Mr. Lutwyche was a coarse, heady man, with moderate ability, and making a bounceable use of it of all men the least calculated to win votes in a House which, by sympathy with English associations, prided itself on its calm dignity. Mr. Bayley, who possesses much of the requisite mental character and ability, was hostilely received, as a very new importation. And now we have Dr. Dickson, as a member of the Privy Council, and not as a Minister ; and who, even if he was made a Minister, has nothing save a vast volume of words, always at command, to fit him for the post of a lender of a party in a deliberative body. We shall have the old story over again ; the Conservatives however weak in numbers and talent in the Assem- bly, will far surpass the Liberals in the "Upper House, in the latter essential at least ; and the petty disputes in that House will once more cause Ministers an amount of trouble that the importance of the body does not in any way warrant. And Mr. Wise, Mr. Isaacs, Mr. Thomson, and Mr. Docker will have the easy task of knocking clown without mercy Dr. Dickson's wordy defences of a Ministerial course, that both he and they know to be indefensible. A decidedly most un- wise step with which to commence the Parliamentary campaign of 1859 ; and one not based on the good old maxim, " What is worth doing is worth doing well." -Maitland Mercury. 