;?- THE BELFAST TRIALS'. FIRST TRIAL. On Thursday, March 31st, the trial of tho Belfast prisoners wa3 commenced before Baron Fitzgerald. The case for the Crown was stated by Sir Thomas Staples, Q.C., in the absence of Mr. Whiteside, who was in London, propping up his fnllinpf Government. fi In his opening address Sir T. St.-iples said : — . ' Gentloinon.you should be aware that, nlthoutrh this case seems to have excited a good deal of public nttention, it is not of that magnitude which many people may be led to suppose. It is only a mis. ?demeanour. They are only charged with having belonged to a society which the statute which I shall read to you pronounces to be an unlawful combi nation, and is only in point of law a misdemeanour. Thejsnciety in if3elf may have been perfectly inno cent, and not contrary to any law ; but the orga nization which was established by these societies was found to lend to such desperate and wicked extremities, and did produce' such a quantity of actual crime by means of the organization of these societies, that tho Government and tho Legislature were induced to pass an act of parliament, upon which these persons now stand indicted. But that ect of parliament, in legislating for the purpose of putting down ouch societies, has only made the parties guilty of violating the law in that respect of what is called a misdemeanour.' The evidence against the prisoners was chiefly that of two men named Carolan and Kelly, the latter of whom had two brothers among the prisoners in tho dock. Kelly swore that not only was he en deavouring to convict his two brothers of being members of the society, hut that it was by a mistake he omitted to include his own father in his infor mations ! Hugh Caiolan (approver), examined by Mr. Robinson, Q.C.— Lived in Colin-court, Belfast; lived once at Ballynnhinch ; is in the 56th year of his age ; was a member of a society at Ballynahinch ; it was called '? Tho Knights of St. Patrick ; there was about 100 members; the society had rules; there was a card put into his band when he joined the society ; it was in print. Mr. Ferguson objected to the admission as evi dence of what took place thirty years ago, or the conversations of persons then. Mr. Robinson referred to instances where such evidence had been admitted. Mr. ITamill, for some of the prisoners, also ob jected to the lino of examination adopted relative to what happened beforo tbe half of those piesent were born. His loTdship overruled the objection. Examination continued. — In the obligation taken on entering the society the person talcing it went on his knees, and the master repented the words, the person repeating after him — ' I ? , in the name and through tbe assistance of the Holy Trinity, will keep inviolate all tho secrets of the society from all but those I know regular members of tbe society and bound by the same fraternal ties ; and that I will be truo and steadfast to my brethren of this society dedicated to St. Patrick, in all things lawful and not otherwise; and that I will duly And regularly attend when nny lawful superior thinks proper, and conform to the regulations made by those who are in trust. That I will give a preference in dealing to those who are attached to our national interest.' He could not mind much more ; the master held the paper in his hand ; Iu'b name was Hugh Davy ; he gave wit ness the signs and passwords, but don't recollect them now ; don't niiud the number of the lodges, or whether they were numbered as they are now j the 'signs «.nd passwords were to know who were fiiendB ; there might bo twenty persons in the room ; left Ballinahinch about ten yeurs ago ; had left the society, as the clergy put it down ; it was the Rev. Mr.. Sharkey ; about two years after ho Kitiuw i.w uGuaai V,ub HUHllllUU iniu U EJlUlliai SUClL'iy J it' was in Owen fM'Neill's, in Mary's-market ; it was Mr. J. M'Neill acted as master ; ? had not to take tho obligations anew ; it was Hugh M'Cormick introduced him, as ho had known him previously; he was a county Down man ; got signs and passwords from M'Neill ; don't recollect them ; was a member for some time, but was not a regular member; left it about this time last year, nnd joined No. 13 ; it did not meet always in one place; Henry Smith, the- tailor, was master; don't mind the secretary's nama ; Patrick Kearns is the present scoretary ; he is a clerk in somo office ; the treasurer is James Donoghue; tho signs and passwords wcro changed quarterly ; they wero feiven to the members by the master ; before December tho passwords wore — ' We ex pod war between England anil France.' The reply to which was — ' The Irish brigade is on the advance.' That was the reply to be given. Next was — ' The navvies aro nioking preparation ?,' and the answer was— ' Let each man fulfil his station.' The night words were — ' Tho clouds are dark,' to which the answer wns — ' As dark as heresy ;' and tho quar terly words were ' Dont he ignorant;' don't mind the signs. When the sign was given there ?was an answer to it in the same way; knows M'Caul's tho publican, in Fountain-street and Castle-street; his number met in it; it was on a Sunday afternoon, before the 1 2th December ; tho . number mot at four o'clock ; tho master had given that out at a previous meeting ; Smith, the master, was there; cannot mind tho othor individual per sons; thinks Donoghue was present; there wero about twenty there ; it whs arranged thnt the next meeting would ho held in another houso ; thinks in Mrs. M'Kay's ; that was the meeting beforo tho ar lest: Mrs. M'Kay'6 is in Great Edward-street and Chichester-strtct ; there was a meeting thero ; their meetings wero generally on a Sunday afternoon ; was at tho meeting; Henry Smith was there; there wero fifteen of them ; thinks ho sees them all in tho dock — Smith, Donoghue, Dann Barr, Hugh Finlay, and ho believes his brother John ; saw tho two Finlnys; both wero there ; Laverty was there, and David M'Veigh ; they were three ; the two Kelly's wero there, nnd M'Kennn, al6O Win. Finncgnn, Francis M'Govern, and M'Auley; tho latter wrs a Visitor nnd did not belong to the samo number; Jces him here ; James Hughes was not thero ; docs not sco him here ; sees Bernard Smith, who was there ; they bogan to assemble a little after four o!elock ; wns not thero the earliest ; went in with lit'Kcmta i Macnnlay belonged to No. IB. Tho wit ness then gnvo evidence of tho arrest of tho tra vorsors, uaiil ho held no connection with them since. Ho wns examined at Mullingnr, and did not know what he waB brought there for till he reached it. John Kelly, the second approver, was then called. ?When ho appeared in tho witness box ho displayed Jij»m)d deal of agitation, and tho gaol life does not appear to agree too well with him. He wbr a law clerk here, nud two of his brothers are prisoners in tho dock ; he gavo cviileuco of a meeting at the houso of Patrick Boyle, in Mill-street, at which the 'prisoner Mncntiley wns present ,? ho also stated that lie (witness) was then admitted a member ; Pntiick ,,M'Slmne and two others brought him in to the 'nnte-rooin, nnd M'Shnnc told him to go down on his knees | Francis Uroomloy was one of the others j he went down on his knees, as did witness, and were told to bless themselves 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost;' after which McShane read the following words to him : — 'I, John Kelly, do solemnly declare that I will uphold the society, and take 'part in any quarrel where a brother shall be engaged ; also to oppose all Orangemen, and attend all monthly or other meet ings which shull be held in the town of Belfast.' There were other things which he does not remem ber ; among other things swearing allegiance to Queen Victoria. [This declaration excited somo surprise in court.] He then went into the mem bers' room, where ho was introduced as, ' Friends, here's another new member for you.' Several shook hands with him nnd said he was wel come. M' Shane told witness that the object of the society was to oppose Orangemen. He was master of No. 13, which met there; Patrick Hughes was the secretary of that number, and he wns there, as was Bernard Boyle ; so was the publican Doyle, one of the traversers, who acted as treasurer; witness paid Is. entrance money, and the money was to form a fund to pay fines imposed by magistrates in litigation with Orangemen ; the witness then gave evidence of signs and passwords in that number ; the signs were — the first, placing the forefinger of the right hand to tho right side of the nose, and the answer was to draw the forefinger of the left hand under the ear. (The passwords were the same as those deposed to by the other approver.) The names of the members were rend out by Patrick Hughes ; there was a collection of 2d, each for drink ; the witness next deposed to a meeting at a house kept by a man named Coyle next to Barry-street, where he saw all tbe persons nlready named by him ; there was a committee appointed of these members to give the signs and passwords to other members, and to conduct other business ; they were Coyle, Ferris, and Conlan ; there was another meeting to elect a secretary, as Hughes desired to resign ; M'Shano was elected, Boyle being the other candidate ; the passwords were given out thun as on the first occa sion, and there wero about twenty-six persons pre sent ; they were nearly all new men ; M'Cauley was there ; they appointed another meeting to be held at O'Neill's in a fortnight after ; witness attended the meeting in M'Cann's, on Hallow -eve; identified Hugh Finlay, James Kelly, Patrick Kelly, William Lnverty, John Knlay, Bernard Smith, Henrj' Smith, and David M'Veigh.] f_A thrill of horror went through the court as the witness pronounced the names of his brothers.] Tho members were known by number, not by name, and Pntrick Kearns, the secretary, called out the numbers, and the traversers responded ; there were some'absent ; in a private book kept by the secretary a mark was put opposite their names, as a fine of 2d. The signs and pass words were given there as usual, and there wero about 24 or 26 persons present,! nnother meeting was arranged to be held at Bernnrd Boyle's a fort, night afterwards ; in the interval witness attended a meeting at O'Neill's where tho proceedings wero conducted much as before. Witness told them he desired to transfer himself to number twelve; they said they would manage that with the master, M'Shnne ; after that he attended at Boyle's, when there wero about 22 present ; he attended as a member ; the sa me persons were there as at M'Cnnn's . saw other persons there besides those named already; Hugh Carolan, the other approver, was there also ; Kearns proposed a person named M'Connell, as n member, out he wns not present then; he had seen Carolan previously nt nnother meeting ; he identified somo of tho traversers as being at Boyle's ; there were also present three persons whose names he did not know; (identified these) ; M'Shane and the members of the society kept aB few papers ns possible; witness went to Mullingar with Mr. Mncaulay, of tho police force ; while going to Mullingar, while there, and on his etnrn, he was under the charge of Mr. Macaulay, who never left him. He was cioss-cxamined by Mr. Ferguson at con siderable length without varying from his direct ex amination. He said he never heard of a reward till he was asked the question at Mullingar assizes. An unexpected disclosure took place towards the close of the cross-examination. The crown, in submitting the case to the jury, said the witnesses had had no communication what ever with each othon but the witness now said he had asked permission to write a note to his brother, which he gave to a turnkey, but he could not tell what had sinco become of it. Mr. Ferguson was proceeding to read the draft of a letter, but Mr. Robinson opposed this. However, Baron Fitzgerald said ho would allow tho witness to state tho nature of the letter. What had become of it had not been stnted by tho crown, but, on the contrnry, they had opened the case by stating that no communication whatever had taken placo be tween the prisoners. Now it turned out otherwise, and tho defendants wero entitled to havo evidence of the fact from the witness. Mr. Robinson said the turnkey could be pro duced. Baron Fitzgerald said ho did not think the defendnnts wore bound to make him their witness. Tho witness then said what he wrote to his brother was, that he would liko he would nssist him in giving information about the parties. He never knew tho result of that note. It was not returned to him, and he did not inquire about it. The constabulary who made the arrest of the prisoners were next examined, nnd identified tho traversers, ns did Mrs. M'Kny (in whoso houso tho nrrests took placo) nnd tho servants who were in the house at tho time. Tho trial was then adjourned until next day (Friday.) Mr. Ferguson, Q.C., dofended the prisoners in n very able speech, Mr. Robertson, Q.C., replied for the Crown, nnd the jury retired to consider their ver dict. Tho jury wns as well paoked as tho Crown found practicable at the time, but yet it chanced that it included ono man who wns not a decided enemy to the prisoners, and was not determined to do the bidding of tho crown, and the result was thnt nfter a night's confinement, during which au unani mous decision could not ho arrived nt, the jury were discharged, and preparations were mailo for putting tho prisoners a second time on their trial. 6CCOND TUIAL. On Tuesday, April tho 5th, the second trial wns commenced, the Attorney- General being this timo in attendance io try if he could not givo a dash of what he cnlls his ' vigour' to the proceedings, but only to be doomed to disappointment. Tho following report of trial from the Newry Examiner is the best wo could obtniu from the Irish papers. Belfast, Tuesday, April 5th. Bnron Fitzgerald entered court this morning shortly before ten o'clock, nnd us it was known that tho Attorney-General would prosecute, consider able interest was manifested on tho pnrt of tho public to henr tho lion, nnd learned gontlemnn's address on opening the case on tho part of tho Crown. There wns a very largo muster of jurors; and ns it wns nnticipated that the Crown would )bject to nil Catholics, there wns a suppressed titter whenever a Catholic appeared in the box and wsb met with the order' stand by.' The entire panel ivas called over, and those ordered to ' stand by' were all Catholics, except one, who was sworn. From the constitution of the jury, and an incident which took place after the direct examination of me of the approvers, an impression prevails that there will bo again a difference of opinion among the jury. Tlie Attorney- General did not enter the court till lialf.past ten o'clock. On the part of the Crown, Sir T. Staples, Q.C. j Mr. Joy, Q.C. ; Mr. Kernan, and Mr. Close, had already appeared. For the prisoners Mr. Rca, attorney, alone appeared. At the sitting of tbe court, and before the Attorney-General had appeared, Mr. Rea and Mr. John O'Hanlon, agent for the Liberal Registration Committee, swore affidavits In support of a postponement of the trial, and handed them to the court, with a request to his lordship to read them. Baron Fitzgerald— Has the Crown rend these? Mi. Rea — No, my lord. I sat up nil night to prepaie them, and I hnve not had time -to get mine copied.' I have a copy of one which the Crown may have. [He then handed a copy to the Crown counsel.] Baron Fitzgerald — It would, perhaps, save dis cussion hereafter if the Crown read the affidavits, and if the contents satisfy them it would save some time. Mr. Ren — My lord, I thought it wns understood last night that your' lordship was to read the affi davits and give your decision on them. I have no wish for display or reading them, and would rather your lordship would read them. Baron Fitzgerald — Well, I have no objection to read them. ? His Lordship then proceeded to do so, and having read Mr. Rea's, which was very lengthy, handed it to the crown counsel, with a request to read pages twenty- four and twenty-five, as they were the only parts he desired to have their opinion upon. Sir. T. Staples then read them, and next the At torney-General, who had just entered. The Attorney- General then rose and said — I have read a page of this voluminous document, and I do not think it requires any observation from me now. There is just ono part of it as to the bar ? Baron Fitzgerald — It occurred to me there were just two portions which were rather for you ; but as you do not feel it necessary to say anything, I will state my decision. I am of opinion that as to the main grounds in these affidavits for a postponement of the trial, so far from furthering the ends of justice by postponing the trial, I would bo doing ex actly tbe reverse. The jury were then sworn, and the Attorney General rose to state the case for the Crown. As he did so, Mr. Rea left the court, and shortly after Mi'. Ferguson, barrister at law, took liis place as counsel for the prisoners, as on the former trial, and it waB nlso understood that Mr. Hamill wns nlso retained for two of the prisoners. Ho did not however appear in court, being engaged in the ' Crown Court. The Attorney-General then proceeded to address the Jury for tho prosecution, and spoke for about an hour nnd a half. He read the clause of the act against unlawful societies bearing on the case, nnd proceeded to say that the indictment was founded on it, and if the jury would come to the conclusion that tiic conduct of the prisoners came under its provisions, they were bound to find them guilty. The approvers Carolin and Kelly were then ex amined, and their evidence was substantially the. same as that given by them at tho former trial. But at the close of the direct examination of Kelly, an incident occurred which excited a good deal of surprise from the manner in which the questions were put, and answered by the witness. \ Mr. Ferguson then rose to cross-examine the wit ness when, A Juror said— My lord, I wish to ask a question to tost the credit of this witness. Baron Fitzgorald— *It might be as well probably to wait till counsel has concluded. The Attorney-General — That would be the more regular course. Baron Fitzgerald — But while the thing is on his mind, perhaps the juror would rather go on. A Juror — Witness, did you ever on any occasion take a solemn oath, and afterwards break it ? Now, recollect yourself — did .you ever take an oath, nnd immediately afterwards brenk it ? Witness — No. A Juror — Did you ever take an oath in your father's house, and break it 1 Witness — No, not there 1 A Juror — Well, in any other house ? Witness — No. A Juror — I ask you, did you erer break an oath in nny ense 1 Witness — I did not. Tho Attorney-General — My lord, with reference to this point. I would ask your lordship to tell the witness that to break an illegal oath or declaration is the highest moral duty. The other day only ono of the most distinguished judges declared that to do so was a high moral duty. Baron Fitzgerald wns about to speak, but Mr. Ferguson nt onco went to- -cross- examine tho wit ness, and was proceeding when this despatch was closed at four o'clock. Wednesday Morning. Tho ense of Smith and tho other traversers was resumed this morning. The Attorney-General, Sir T. Staples, Q.C. ;.Mr. Robinson, Q.C, and Messrs. Kernan and Close ap pearing for the crown, nnd Mr. Ferguson for the prisoners. Tho public interest continued unabated in tho trial, and it was known that Bentty, a warder in the prison, and Mr. Forbes, the governor, be tween whose evidence at tho former trial there was a direct conilict, would bo examined, much anxiety was felt to henr whnt would be said to-day by each. Beatty was first examined, and ho repented distinctly that after John Kelly had written on a paper which ho had given him, having first got it from the, governor, he brought it direct to the governor, not having shown it to Patrick Kelly, when, of courso no reply could have been written upon it by that prisoner. [Tho governor, it will be recollected, aworo that ho gavo the paper to Bontty to bo given to John to write on, and then to be brought to Patrick for his answer, [and then to be brought to him.] Boatty was cross-examined at. considerable length by Mr. Ferguson, and he persisted in his itatement that Patrick Kelly did not seo the letter of John Kelly. Mr. Ferguson — Did you never carry a letter from one prisoner to another? No, never, except on this occasion. If you wanted to pass a letter to Patrick Kelly from John Kelly how would you act ? Why, open tho door or open tho trap, I hnve often occa sion to open the trap-doors of Patrick Kelly'H cell. Tho papor I got from John Kelly was never out of lny hand from tho time he got it till I gavo it to Mr. Forbes. I am able to pledge my oath as to this. [ do not wish to qualify it. Were you standing near Mr. Forbes' the other day when John Kelly was jeing examined ? Yes, before tho witness was exa mined, Mr. Forbes asked mo if I remembered about :he letter. He did not ask me if I remembered the etter had been destroyed. He merely asked me if [ remembered about the letter. On my oath no thing passed between me and Mr. Forbes as to tho Tact that the letter had been torn. Did not write an mswer for Patrick across the letter. No ono wrote on it from the' time I got it from John. Had it not the words ' I know nothing about it,' signed Pa trick Kelly? I could not say, I did not see it. Did you see the governor in John Kelly's cell ? Different times. Could he be there without your knowing it ? Not in-my duty hours'. I think Mr. Forbes visited all tho prisoners every day. The other day were you and Mr. Forbes talking together for a very conside rable time ? Yes, but not about that. Was it not at tho very time that John Kelly was being exa mined ? Yes. He was telling me to keep the men quiet. They were running up and down stairs from the dock. And were you not accompanying them ? Yes. And if so, how could you speak ' a consider able time,' as you said, if so engaged ? I don't re member that he said anything except to keep the men quiet. Did you talk a considerable time ? Yes. And you can remember nothing of what you said except that lie asked you did you remember about tbe letter ? I cannot — there was just one question and one answer. Mr. Forbes, the governor of the jail, was then ex amined — He repeated his former evidence as to having given paper to Beatty that he might give it to John Kelly, then carry it to Patrick Kelly, and then bring the answer to him. He accordingly re ceived the paper and tore it, as he thought it was of no consequence, as Patrick appeared to have written ' I know nothing about it,' or ' I know nothing whatever about it.' Cross-examined by Mr. Ferguson — But if it had contained a confession of guilt would not you have presented it ? Well, I think I would. Would it not be your duty to do so r Yes. And because it was a testimonial of the innocence of Patrick Kelly you destroyed it ? I did not think it was of any importance. Were there not also the words ' I send this by a prisoner, because I cannot trust the turnkey.' Had it the words 'I know nothing whatever, so help my God ?' I think the last words were not in it. If the last witness swore he conversed with you for a ' considerable time' would he be correct? No, if he meant a continuous con versation. I merely asked him if he did recollect about the letter, and he said he did. Bid you ask him if he recollected of its being torn ? Certainly not. Were you not astonished at hearing Beatty say ho did not give the letter to Patrick? I was. It was his duty to have given the letter to Patrick as I had bo ordered him. I wish to mention that the reason I spoke to him at the dock the other day was that the whole matter might be known to the court, and lest it might have escaped his recollec tion. All the warders of the prison having been exam ined, nnd the proclamation having been read, and proof also given on the part of the defence that copies of the document had appeared in the Belfast press Borne days before the formal notice was posted here, the case for the crown closed shortly after one o'clock. Mr. Ferguson then addressed the jury for the prisoners, and he entreated their earnest attention to that which he had to offer to their consideration, and having referred to the nature of the indictment, he complained that the Attorney- General yesterday made some observations of n public nature which did not apply to this case. He had drawn tbe at tention of the jury to the case of felony tried in the soHth, where the offence was felony, and where the prisoners had the right to challenge twenty jurors peremptorily; whereas in this case the offence charged was only misdemeanour, and the traversers were deprived of 'offering an opinion as to the cor corroboration of the jury, as the crown possessed. Here the trarersers were indicted Jsimply for being known to each other by secret signs and passwords, but wero not indicted for any administration of il legal oaths. The legislature had wisely made it an illegal act to be connected with any secret society ; and the simple subject of inquiry for the jury was, whether these traversers were guilty of the offence charged, not the graver charge involved in the gene ral tenor of the Attorney-General's address — did or not the traversers meet together, or use the signs or passwords as alleged ? If the jury believed Carolin and Kelly, they ought to convict. But theso men were approvers — men who, as they say, were guilty of an offence against the law, and then came into court to givo testimony against their fellows. No jury should rely implicitly on the evidence of ap provers, and ho quoted the opinion of Baron Parke on this subjecfc...Unless they had corroboration both of the fact of the offeuco being committed and of the privity of the parties charged with it, the jury were not to consider themselves at liberty to fiud a verdict of guilty. Mr. Ferguson referred to tho personal characters of the approvers, and argued tliat it was not such as should induce the jury to placo much credit on it. Treachery and hypocrisy were at all times to be detested; and if Carolin had for forty years traded in both, of what value wns his testimony ? Then, ns to Kelly, he presented himself to the jury really ns a moral monster — a creature who, either from cupidity or cowardice, was prepared to earn his own safety by the sacrifice of his own brothers, and who, if the jury believed him, volunteered to give evidenco against the very father -who begot him. Was he a man dead to all the impulses of nature — a person who could depose to the candid truth of any matter? And might not tho jury say to Carolin, 'You are a hypocrite,' and to Kelly, 'You are a moral : monster ? and unless your evidence is Hilly substan tiated by faithworthy witnesses, we will not believe you.' With respect to the allegation of tho crown, that tho approvers had been kept apart, and that be cauBe their evidence corresponded it was to be re garded as truth, which it could not be othorwiso except by a miracle. He denied that thero was ab solute seclusion, and unless it wero so, and un qualified — if opportunities of intercourse, direot or indirect, wero nfiorded, tho whole argument of the crown was lost and worthless. The jury had it in evidenco that tho governor of the goal had been in communication with John Kelly. Instead of wait ing till John Kelly had demanded- the presence of a magistrate, tho governor, in an unfortunate moment for himself, and in an unfortunato moment for the credit of this case, sent a paper to John Kelly in order that the prisoner might solicit his own brother to assist him in getting up evidence against their common father. Was it not a remarkable fact that tho prisoners wero enabled to ferret out that damning fact from the walls of tho prison? and if ono link in the chain, of the case for the crown was broken, whnt becamo of tho rest of it now ? At the firs^ examination John Kelly denied that he had at all written to his brother. Could ho hnve forgotten thnt ho wrote tho noto f Of its existence there could be no doubt. The governor of the gaol told ho truth, though it wns impossible to believe Beatty ; yd', nt first he denied it, but probably mol :ed at the sight of his yonng brother in the *dock. He on cross -exnminntion admitted that he did write the note. As it was impossible for him to forget a circumstance so remarkable, he (Mr. Ferguson) de nounced him ns n perjurer on the very point of non communication on which the whole case for the crown hinged nnd turned. There was an' array of warders of the jail to prove that the prisoners could not speak to each other. No doubt they did not sleep together, or walk together, or converse, but that there was communication more or less the jury had the incontestible evidence of the governor.' How, then, was tho jury to believe a person who, in one breath, denied that ho had over written, and in the next that he had done so ? Next, with reference to the evidence of the approvers as to the constitu tion of the society. Counsel referred to Carolin's evidence to show that what he deposed to had refer ence to a society of quite a different class to that deposed to by Kelly. The evidence of each, was directly at variance with that of the other as to the formula of the 'declaration' or 'oath.' Both gave different versions. One said there was one thing in the oath, tho other Baid there was not. Manifestly either was a liar, the jury could not say which, and there being this utter and inconceivable variance between them, the jury should not believe either one or the other. Next, as to the passwords, there was an absolute agreement between the np provers as to those used in the north, but those found on Fullon in the south referred to ' The trumpet of war,' which was clearly seditious and odious. Now, with regard to the passwords deposed to here — the first was, 'We expect war between England and France.' That was very natural. Eminent persons in parliament had stnted that the question of peace or wnr was a matter only of a few hours. Might not illiterate men say what was said in parliament? Then, ' The Irish brigade was ad vancing.' Was that the brass band which had boon called the Irish brigade ? What was there in that to frighten the Attorney- General with visions of hostile invnsion and internal strife 1 Next, with re gard to one of the alleged passwords, ' I am better bred.' On the paper found on Fallon the word was ' bread,' and in the information of Carolin, taken before Mr. Tracey, the word was ' bread,' but this was partly erased, and the word 'bred' writ ten over it. There was no initial of Mr. Tracy to establish that this had been made by him — in fact, the information was doctored up, and was a speci men of jail prosecutions. These passwords came not from the lips of approvers, but from documents procured elsewhere, and copied from them. Mr. Tracy, the magistrate, a gentleman of cultivated in tellect, was not a person who would write ' I am better bread,' as if he would say ' I am better loaf,' (A laugh.) Then, as to the ' trumpet of war,' he would just say that the ' French eagle' might re main on his perch and plume his feathers as long as he liked ; and the' American star' might wave over a prosperous and industrious people, but he bad no desire to see either, and was happy always to bo under the Union Jack of old England. These pass words had appeared early in the newspapers, and it was not till after Carolin had made out a list of passwords thnt Kelly was enabled mnke out another. What was his excuse for not telling them before ? It was, that in making a previous 'information Mr. Tracy was in a hurry, as if a jury would believe such, a pretence. Next, the same Kelly never spoke of his father as having been present at a meet ing, till he, by some unknown means, found out that Carolin had sold the pass on him. There was no one so degraded, so despicable, as to turn traitor upon his own father, and Kelly did not do that till he had learned that Carolin had already told of tho matter. There was a seoret machinery in the case which had not yet been exposed ; and the jury should recollect that if they did not believe tho whole of an approver's evidence, they should not believe any of it. He denied that the jury had got faithworthy evidenca of the traversers being at Mrs. M'Kay's for any illegal purpose, and criti cised the evidence of the police in this respect, and after adverting to other points in the case, he reminded the jury that he had not been retained in the case till after they had been sworn. Ho knew nothing of the constitution of the jury, and he' addressed them simply as honest men, who would ask themselves had they reasonable doubts in the case, and if bo to give the traversors the benefit of it. If on the other hnnd they believed the approvers, let them convict ; but after the exposure he had given of the contradictory nature of their stories, he confidently called for a verdict of acquittal. The learned gentleman's address occupied two hours and a half. Mr. Hamill roso to address the jury on behalf of the prisoner Kelly, and was proceeding whan this dispatch closed. Mr. Robinson, Q.C, will reply on the part of the Crown. His lordship having- charged the jury, comment ing upon the evidence at great length, and leaving it to them to say what weight they attached to it, The fjury retired nt seven o'clock to consider their verdict. At ten o'clook his lordship returned to the court, every seat in it boing filled to excess. Tbe jury having been called out, tho foreman stated, that they had not agreed, and were not likely to agree. They were then ordered to be locked up for tho night. Great excitement prevailed in the neighbourhood of tho court-house, and a crowd of several thousand persons unable to findndmittnnco collected in front of the Cruinlin-rond. Thursday, 9J a.m. The jury wero called out immediately upon the judge taking his seat. The court was densely crowded. Clerk of tho Crown— Gentlemen, have you- agreed to your verdict ? The Foreman— No, my lord, we are just as we were when locked up— a large majority have agreed. Baron Fitzgerald — Is there any probablity of an agreement ? Tho Foreman — None whatever. Sir Thomas Staples said ho .had no objection \- to the discharge of the jury. His Lordship — Then, gentlemen, you are dis charged. An order was then made that tho prisoners should be admitted to bail, in tho same amount as before, to appear at ncxt'assizes. Mr. Rca said tho bail should be immediately given. So ands this great State prosecution of.the Attor ney-General and his fivo auxiliary counsel, in a signal defeat, covering some of the law officers with discredit and being likely to bo followed, perhaps, with more serious consequences. So much having been achieved, it is difficult to know what may not be done by n bold nppeal to pnrliamcnt for justice That Mr. Rea will carry out his threats, no man here doiibta, and ho is not easily shnken off. It ib understood that four jurors were for nn ncquittal up to 10 o'clock.last night — two, ono of thorn a Frotca int nnd the other a Catholic, held' out to the last; !he former stated immediately after leaving the ox, that without security that sentence of transpos ition would not be inflicted, not one of the juror* wild have been inclined to convict, as they looked- : ightly upon the whole affair. The judge's charge ras much more in favour of tho prisoners on the- ? econd trial. Fuee Catiiouo Education. — At tlio ;roat meeting in Cork, half a million of Catholics, hrough their four Prelatos, four Catholic Members if Parliament, three hundred Priests, several loputy lieutenants, a number of magistrates, nnd !,000 persons in publio meeting assembled, pro ilaimed to tho world that tho Catholio mind must lisenthrnl itself from all Protestant control or nfluonce in restricting religious culture and traili ng in the education of Catholics. Meotings of a limilar kind, County, Provincial, and National nro jrojected, and, ns wo have no doubt, will bo squally successful as tho gront meeting at Cork. Pastorals from tho Archbishops of Dublin nnd Tuam, nnd from tho Bishops of Month and Ologhor, just published, attest tho unpopularity of ;ho national Bystom, and tho determination of tho Prelates to obtain free Catholic education. As we write, there is in tho hands of the four Archbishops ono of themost romnrknblonnd important rescripts upon tho subjoct of educntion that has over amounted from tho Holy Seo. Tho Propaganda, in proof of its solicitude and nnxicty regarding tho education of tho Catholics of Ireland, gives a historical resume of tho various bulls, rescripts, and other ofiloinl documents which it has forwarded' upon this subject for tho laBt century, It sots forth tho unfnvournblo reports which have reached it respecting the working of tho ordinary' national Bchools, of model schools, and of tho Queen's col Ioges, and rofers to the projected scheme of inter mediate schools. Tho Archbishops aro called on to rnply to a serie3 of cntegoricnl propositions in relation to those institutions, and, in so doing, to nsoertnin tho opinions of their suffragan prelates and inform the Holy Seo. Provincial synods nnd a council of tho wholo Irish episcopacy nro sugges ted, and we havo reason to expect that a national meeting of the prolates will bo held at tho earliest possible moment. Tho gratitude and prayers of overy Irish Catholic will, wo donbt not, bo freely and generously oflered to tho Holy Father for this additional proof that no dome3tio trouble, nono of tho weighty cares of state which unhappily surround his throne, can abate his watch ful zeal in protecting that faith which fourteen centuries sinco his predecessor in the pontifical chair sent St. Patrick to plant in Iroland. — Nation. ~Tub Wealthy Milliner. — Miss Jane Clarke, of Regent-streot, the celebrated court mil liner, who died recently, had amnssod a lnrgo for tune. Hor property is estimated nt £80,000, tho principal portion of which is said to bo loft to tho various charities of tho metropolis. 