ROME. February 21st. The great architect, Bernini,- in the olden day constructed at St. Peter's four colossal bronze figures of Saints Ambrose, Augustin, Athanasius, and Chrysostom, supporting a pulpit, also of broii«e, in which is placed the seat of wood, orna mented with ivory, on which sat St. Peter and the first Roman Pontiffs; and he placed behind the group a large window surrounded by clouds and groups of angels, aud bearing the symbol of the Holy Ghost. The chair of St. Peter is held in such veneration that the Popes themselves do not venture to sit in it. An altar has always stood beneath it, but this altar not appearing to the present Pope to be worthy of the spot, he had a new one constructed. The consecration of this new altar was proceeded with on the 16th, and his Holiness himself officiated. The altar is dedicated to the Holy Virgin, to St. Peter, aud to all the Roman Pontiffs who are saints. The relics of tho Saints placed by Benedict XIII. under the pre. ceding altar were placed beneath the new one. The ceremony of consecration lasted several hours, aud afterwards the Pope administered the Sacrament. The candlesticks and crucifix on the altar, which are in gilt bronxe, and beautifully chased, were given by his Holiness. In choosing the 16th for the ceremony, the Pupe was anxious that it should closely follow that which took place two days before in honour of the establishment of the Holy See at Rome in the year 4-t. THE I'Al'AL STATES. The Giornale di llama has the following : — ' Some Turin correspondents in certain French papers state things which appear very strange to us. They give their readers to understand that the officers of the Austrian army talk of a coup de main which they contemplate in Piedmont, and of their intention of throwing coriander seeds in Turin during the last days of the Carnival. But we repel all such statements as quite absurd, because Austria docs not intend to attack any one, but only, as she has declared in the Official Henna Gazette, to keep down turbulence in bar Italian provinces, and to restore confidence to her peaceful citizens ; she respects tteaties in order that they may be respected, and if a fire breaks out next door she hastens to extinguish it.' The Prince of Wales in Rome. — Marseilles, Feb. 7. — Advices have been received from Rome to the 5th instant. The Prince of Wales arrived here on Thursday evening incognito. The follow ing day the Pope seut his Major-Domo to pay him his respects. Marseilles, Friday, Feb. 7th. ' The Pope having sent his Major-Domo to pay his compliments to. the Prince of .Wales, the Prince made yesterday an otlicial visit to his Holiness. His Royal Highness was accompanied by Mr. Odo Russell, the Secretary of the English Einbaajv m the Court ot tliu Grand Duke of Tuscany.' The Raman correspondent of the Morning Post writing on the 8th Feb., gives the following accouut of the interview between the Prince of Wales and the Pope: — ' Your readers will doubtless be inter ested in having the earliest intelligence of the Prince of Wales' reception at the Vatican, a visit from a prince of the blood royal of England to the Pope not having taken place for some centuries. The express desire of her Majesty having been distinctly made known that everything connected with the formality should be conducted in as private a manner as possible, the Prince of Wale3 went yesterday morning to the palace, accompanied by Colonel Bruce, Mr. Odo Russell, and the members of hi3 suite, to pay his respects to the Pope, into whose presence he was conducted by the commendatore Datti, merely preceded by two Swiss Guards. His Holiness rose on the entry of the Prince, and, coming forward to the door of the apartment to meet him, conducted him in the most affable manner possible to a seat, and entered into conversation with him in French with the benignity of address which makes so strong an impression upon all who are presented to.Pio Nono. Colonel Bruce was the only other person present at the interview, which was brief, and limited to complimentary expressions aud subjects of local interest, but perfectly satisfactory to all parties. On the Prince's rising to take his leave, the Pope conducted him again to the door with the same warmth of manner which he had testified on receiving him. His Royal Highness did not visit the Cardinal Secretary of State, as is generally the custom after an audience of the Supreme Pontiff, but I understand thut the Prince will not omit paving that compliment to Cardinal Antonelli before long. It is also the intention of his Royal Highness to visit the nnmerons members of the various sovereign families of Europe now domi oiled in the Eternal City, before applying himself steadily to those studies the prosecution of which have formed the principal object of his visit to Rome. On Saturday his Royal Highness went to call upon the King of Prussia, a visit which the , recent matrimonial alliance between the two coun tries of course rendered indispensable ; but the visit was, in fact, to the Queen, the state of his' Majesty's health making it painful for any one to see him. Prince Albert of Prussia left Rome yesterday. With respect to the rumours of a marriage between his sister and the Prince of Wales, it may be said that they are certainly premature, and most likely improbable. Every possible attention has been offered to the Prince during his journey, and since his arrival here ; but his incognito is to be preserved as much as is practicable, and he has declined every outward mark of distinction — amongst others, that of a formal visit from the French General Count de Goyon, who proposed paying his respects to his Royal Highness at the head of his etat-major. The Countess de Goyon's invitation to her grand ball has also been declined, on the plea that the Prince is in Rome chiefly for the prosecution of his studies, and intends to lead an entirely private life during the few months of his stay. Meanwhile, the excel lent habits of early hours, family devotion, and healthy exercise, so meritoriously inculcated by Queon Victoria, are strictly followed by the Prince of Wales and his household in this city. The Hon. Colonel Percy's services have been accepted by the Prince during his stay in Rome.' The Gazette dti Midi gives us the French esti mate of the visit of the Prince of 'Wales to Rome : — 'The long stay which this young heir to the crown of England is expected to make in Rome indicates an approaching amelioration of the rela tions between the Pontifical Government and the Court of St. James's. It is confidently stated that the English Government having at last taken into consideration the interests of the many millions of Catholics spread throughout the three kingdoms, and in Canada and India (to say nothing of Aus tralia and else. vhere), is favourably inclined to re ceive a Papal Nuncio at the Couit of London. It is, therefore, very probable that in a few months the Holy See will be officially represented at the Court of St. James's.' Prince Albert of Prussia has left again, after having had several interviews with the Pope. The Giornale di Roma states that on New Year's day, General Goyon and his staff went in state to the Vatican to pay their respects to the Pope : — ' The General, on his admission to the audience chamber, addressed the Pope in a few words. He said how happy he was to come for the third time to . lay at the feet of His Holiness the expression of his homage, his profound respect and devotion, and those of his brother soldiers. He added that his sentiments were those of his august Emperor, and of all his officers and soldiers, and they were en graven' on his heart. 'In conclusion, said the 'General, 'when I contemplate the majesty of your throne I see in you a King, and, what is more, a Sovereign Pontiff — the first exercising, like other monarehs, his temporal power within the limits of his State, an authority to the support of which is deroted our entire force ; the second, still greater,! exercising its spiritual authority throughout the universe without any boundaries than those of the Globe itself. We salute, therefore, in your sacred person, the monarch and the noble and worthy suc cessor of St. Peter.' The pope replied in French. He thanked the General for the noble sentiments he had expressed for his person in the name of the officers and soldiers, and added : — 'On that brilliant day — less from the sun which was shining on the Vatican than by the re collection of the name given to the Sun of Sanctity and Justice, Jesus Christ the Saviour of the world — he invoked with all bis heart the benediction of Heaven on the Emperor and Empress of the French, the Imperial Prince, the brave army, and the entire nation ; and he prayed to God to support his feeble arm for the good of all, in order that peace should reign throughout the world.' The Holy Father then gave the Apostolic Benediction, and graciously admitted each of the officers to the foot of the throne to kiss his hand. 