MELBOURNE. I (From our own Correspondent.) Tuesday, lOtli Slay, 1809. The experiment at Kasey's auction-mart, at a late hour yesterday afternoon, of Under wood's antidote to snake bites, was by no means satisfactory. The experiment was made upon two dogs and a fowl. All these were bitten; to one was applied the antidote; to another the decoction from fern roots ; whilst the fowl was left to give up the ghost I without let or hindrance. Tho experiment was commenced too lute in the afternoon to permit of a careful watching of tho progress of events, and it was arranged that Mr Fitz gibbon, the Town Clerk, should liavo the custody of the bitten animals, and report tho issue to-day. Upon inquiry 1 find that tlie dogs and the fowl are in the enjoyment of as good health as they possessed prior to the experiment, so that nothing has yet been proved for or against the antidote. There are many persons who maintain that at this particular season of the year tho bite of a snake is not dangerous, the operation of the virus being so extremely slow us to be easily counteracted. There may bo something in this. It is only during the summer months that wc are accustomed to meet with those reptiles in their vigor, and experience only can provq whether the dangerous property they possess is not a periodical secretion fur nished them as a means of protection. There is a suspicion prevalent that Underwood is not acting an open part, and to prevent any tampering with the snakes' used in the ex periment, it has been arranged that a gentle man shall accompany Underwood in his search for snakes to be used on future trials. An inquest was held this day on the body of Mr Benjamin Barber of Oampbellfield, who was drowned in the river Yarra on Sunday last. It appears from the evidence that the deceased, it is supposed, after cross ing tho river, must have turned his horse's head towards the brink to enable tho animal to drink, and that the horse had stepped suddenly into deep water and precipitated tho deceased from tho dog-cart into the water. The dog-cart and horse were found early on' Suuday morning in the river, and led to an investigation which resulted in the finding of the body. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. Mr Michael Shcedy, of tho lloyal Hotel, lticlimond, is declared insolvent The debts amount to £0'2G9; and the assets £5378. i heard to-day that the law institute in tend taking proceedings against Mr lvcefer, a barrister practising at Becchwortli, for re covering tho penalty of £50 imposed on any person practising as a solicitor without being duly qualified. The learned gentle man, through Mr Starkic, a Melbourne soli citor, had filed tho schedule of one Maurice lckerson, an insolvent, and on the case being called ou to-day before the Commissioner, Mr Starkic, who had filed the schedule, and Mr Wccford who had been specially instructed by the insolvent, claimed to represent him. The Commissioner decided that Mr Weeford was the proper person to represent the insol vent, as he had received instructions from him, and that Mr Starkic, who only acted as agent, could claim no privilege in the matter. A deputation from the Builders' and Con tractors' Association, waited upon Mr Wardlc, Clerk of Works, to submit suggest ions with reference to the simplification of the mode of measurement and regulation of bills of quantities. He promised to comply with the suggestions of the deputation. The precise objects of the contractors, etc., may bo gleaned from their organ, the Builder. 