BRITISH ASSOCIATION FOR THE PROMOTION OF SCIENCE. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) Aberdeen, September 14. The meeting of the British Association for the Promotion of Science came off in Aberdeen with unusual eclat The new Music Hall in Aberdeen was finished for the occasion, and is one of the very finest buildings of the kind in the United Kingdom The demand for tickets of membership was enormous, and at the hour of opening 7 o'clock, on the 14th of September the room was very densely crowded by fashionably dressed women, including many of the nobility and li ghost intellectual talent in the kingdom. At half-past 8 o'clock the Prince Consort arrived , and Professor Owen having delivered his vale victory address, vacated the chair, which was immediately taken by the Prince, who then delivered his inaugural or introductory lecture I His Royal Highness was received with enthu| siastic cheers. The address was listened to with the most patient attention, and occupied in it) delivery about an hour. When the Prince concluded the cheering was renewed, and a vote of thanks was proposed and earned, and he left the meeting amidst the most deafening cheers, and returned to Banchroy House (where he had died, and passed the limit On the following morning he returned to Aberdeen, and visited Marshall College where the sections hold their meetings His Royal Highness sent word that he wished to be present at the reading of two papers one on geology, by Sir Charles Lyall, and the other on " The Trade and Progress of Victoria, by the Hon. Thomas M'Combie Ho hbtuicdwith great attention to the latter paper, entered into com erection with the water on the st object of the colony, expressing his interest in it, approbation of the paper, and concluded by expressing a wish that it should be printed, and I left copy sent to him. He walked through the whole of the sections, and departed a little before 6 o'clock by a special train for Balmoral. The business of the sections then went steadily on. On Friday the Hon. Thomas M'Combie read a paper, in the Ethnological Section, on The Aborigines of Victoria," which was listened to with the greatest attention is so that Victoria | has not been neglected at this great meeting, and I the crowds of learned men that followed the Prince into the Section of Economic Science and I statistics, in which the first paper was road on | the 15th, must have had their attention prominently drawn to this important colony. Both papers created very lengthened and animated discussion. In the evening of the 15th a great conversazione was held in the Music Hall i and adjoining buildings and the treasures of the Aiduelogical Society, the Photographic Society, I a id many other learned bodies, were laid open to 1 for public inspection, and very fine music enlivened the gay and glittering BCOHO. Amongst the crowd might be found all the great names in the scientific world, and a whole host of nobility and gentry. Surely, the Prince Consort has done much in familiarising the public mind with scientific objects, and in rendering it so popular by affording the British Association the benefit of his great name. During the whole of the week that the meeting of the Association continued the proceedings were of the most interesting character, and there were lectures and various other unions in the evenings after the business of the sections had concluded. Amongst those present at the evening meetings wore the Bank) of Richmond, Earl of Seafield, Monteagle, Caithness, Rosso, Enniskillen, to. ; Sir John Bowring. Sir David Brewster, Sir Charles Lyall, Sir R. J. Murchison, Sir R. W. Hamilton, Sir J. C. Ross, Sir William Jardine, Sir John Richardson, Professors Faraday, Thompson, Sjnio, M'Donald, Blackie, Lodgwick, Dickey, 1 j cock, Shank, Moro, Bennett, Ahilan, Jaco hr, lo. The geological specimens were laid out in the hall of Marshall College, and attracted very considerable attention, particularly the specimens of rocks, which were the most complete, part 1 apR, ever exhibited. The meetings of the sections continued a neck, and there were between 40 and 50 papers a day lead. The Prince Con- sort specially selected the papers by Sir Charles) Lyall and the Hon. Thomas M'Combie from about 50, which were down on the paper for"' 1 September 15. 