NAPOLEONS PRACTICAL JOKE, (From the Times March 7, 1859.) Jilks the Pagan Jupiter, who at one time covered the "heavens with frightful storms, which, at another time "he, the same j Jupiter, with equal celerity removed, the Emperor Napoleon, after having terrified j us so long with the rumors of approach, ing war, now deigns to soothe us with accounts of peace and security. It was full time. The respects of a year of uncommon promise have been partly blighted, and more than two months already lost to the friends of civilization and advancement, by the generally diffused dread of an European war. When a few words can so easily allay the terrors' that convulse the world we may naturally regret that they have so long remained unspoken, and taste have been allowed to wander We who gh and her fu ve is. make 6yrs and r e, of la of ty he ed it he in, her is he art a E. he see 'his in that outer darkness, which a single ray of that light which burns like a Rosicrucian flame in the sacred bureau of the Moniteur could so speedily and, entirely dispel. We do not relish practical jokes and we certainly should hardly have suspected that so much grave humor could lurk in the Imperial breast. To hoax a whole continent is a joke on a most gigantic scale, so large that it ceases to be a joke at all. The student of the history of Rome is struck against his will with a kind of keeping or fitness between the enormous crimes of the Caesars and the stupendous theatre on which they were perpetrated and the false alarm in which Europe has been plunged during the last two months is on a scale worthy of the Prince who has caused it. However, thank Heaven the period of groundless terror is at an end. The merry gentleman who has dressed himself up as a ghost to frighten us has resumed his ordinary habiliments, and the grinning mask and turnip-lantern shake our nerves no more. It was very dreadful while it lasted, but now we know that it meant nothing, and are reassured accordingly. We can assure the Emperor of the French that no Mahomedan prisoner ever listened to the preaching of the Koran under the uplifted cemetery of his conquerors, no fair baird Saxon placed between the preacher and the executioner heard Char- lemagne's Bishop with a more sincere and ardent desire to be converted, than we do, when, through the columns of the Moniteur, he attempts to persuade us that we have been altogether wrong in supposing for a moment that there was the slightest probability of the disturbance of the peace of Europe. No one ever desired more earnestly to be persuaded. We therefore receive with the most un- hesitating belief the assertion of the non official portion of the Moniteur, which seems always peculiarly set apart for official communications, that the language of the French journals is not in any way to be confounded with that of the Government, and that though they may, without warning or censure, breathe the very flames of war, we must not on that account entertain the slightest doubt of the continuance of peace until the Government itself shall formally announce the commencement of hostilities. This is indeed a comfortable doctrine, and leaves us at once from all those gloomy apprehensions of impending war which the recent remarks of the Presse, the Parks, and the Siecle, and, perhaps, the circular of the Minister of the Interior, may have inspired. We are only too willing to recant our heresies. We are delighted to believe " that our inquietudes are ill- founded," and that, while we were half-inclined to suppose something less complimentary, the Emperor is only " prudent, loyal, and vigilant ;" and that he has promised to assist Piedmont in case of her invasion by Austria, but has promised nothing more. We are willing to confess with shame and contrition that we have mistaken the pre: vision of difficulties and the weighing of consequences for something more immediately connected with action, and we learn with grief that in so doing we have been guilty of imagination, falsehood, and madness. We admit that we mistook for an establishment on a war footing that army, that navy, and that material which the Emperor has established for the purposes of profound peace and that to buy 4,000 horses for the Artillery is quite within regulation limits, and the most natural thing in the world for a State whose only object is to allay the apprehensions its neighbours. Like the, France has to change the nature of her artillery ; like us she has to reconstruct her navy. How could we confound the bustle in her arsenals mt cb . , Bir^-vrTrrrVïn^oîiliTinVrarnuiTr'tliTrfriicraUl the ed at calamities of a coming war? Who could grudge France the construction of four frigates to transport her troops from France to Algeria, and from Algeria to France, and who could misconstrue the four mixed transports destined to provide for the wants of Civita Vecchia and the revictualling of the expedition to Cochin China? How could we ever " throw clouds on so clear a situation,'' or lend publicity to those vague and absurd rumours which represented to public credulity the Emperor of the French as seriously preparing for war ? We submit humbly to the rebuke of the Moniteur and desire nothing more than that the Emperor will condescend to prove henceforth by his actions as conclusively as already by his words how vain and idle have been our apprehensions. We will enter into no argument to disprove any of his statements. Let him but make them true for the future, and we are quite content that he should assume them to be true for the past. We desire no victory iii the controversy, we ask for nothing but peace, and if that peace, from some rebellious efforts of our reason, shall be found to " pass all understanding, as Sir Francis Head says, we will not object to it on that account. Whether it be the pleasure of the Emperor of the French to say that he once meditated war,' but' has been induced by the remonstrances of his Senate, his Ministers, and his people, to' exchange war for peace ; or whether, as now, he labours to persuade us that the errors which have agitated all Europe and no part of it more than his own dominions are vague and groundless hallucinations, we will show our selves equally docile and tractable if he will only take care that the future, at least, shall be in strict accordance with his view of the past. Jo questions shall be asked no awkward reminiscences shall be invoked pamphlets, speeches, and circulars shall pe landed in the oblivious pool" deeper than ' even Prospero'? books; since, happy if in exchange for the or any other concession who has receive an assurance that the peace of Europe will remain infant. We fear that the error has originated from our not having formed a sufficiently magnificent and military notion of the true nature of peace, and not having observed in vast military monarch's how close is the relation that Peace bears to war, We cannot allege a better instance of this than that while the arsenals of the Empire are engaged in substituting a more powerful but much lighter artillery for the guns already in use, it is necessary at the same time to buy up suddenly 4,000 new horses to move the newly-created batteries. We will endeavour to cultivate more military notions of peace, vigilance, foresight, and loyally, and all the other fine things the Moniteur promises us, and perhaps when we have done so we shall be better able to do justice to the present intentions and future prospects of France. We trust, however, we may be forgiven the wish that the new kind of Peace the Emperor has inVented could be made a little less expensive to his neighbours, and that France could be induced to sit under his vine and her figure, to reap her harvests and press her olives, without a tremendous apparatus of the materials of destruction, which, though it doubtless contributes much to her domestic peace and happiness, to the development of her resources, and the economy of her finances, imposes a most grievous and intolerable burden in the shape of counter preparations upon us, her less fortunate and wealthy neighbours and allies. We are delighted to hear that she is cultivating the arts of peace, only our grovelling mercantile spirit makes us wish that they could be cultivated at a less expense of money, of credit, and of security. 