RESULTS OP THE BALLOT. \- Tho results of the Bal lofas-regards'..tho City, «re noir before the public-and aro bt:onded by many oirctira stiiuoes worthy of remark.. Both divisions of tba metro- polis have:returned as raembors, I gotttlomen whose ante- cedents, and political principles, aro like their position! in the returns-". wldo as the polls asunder"! In tbs Eau wo have Cowper taking the hoad of tho political ta- ble, while Martin adroitly plumps who st the foot ol the b ard ! lt' poverty makes i us -acquainted wilt "strange bedfellows," it: is quite clear that antipodean politics introduced us to queer Colleagues I Macbeth o uld not hnvo. been-felt more, horror at tho sight nf Bnhqno's ghost, than our "Navvy Premier," to find him solf confronted with the chubby personals of his quondam A. G I In the .Wcst, UIVINITV nceupies the scatofhonor! whilst LAW with brief Ceremony is conveyed to tbat mora scclnded position usually filled by orring pupils of tho " National" ns well as othor. schools, the bottom of tho class 1 Tho election for Sydney. West, furnishes a beauti- ful illustration of the truth of the adsgo, " tho first shall be l8it, and tho last shall be. first"-In . the casa ol the " twa doctors,"-Lang and.- Duignn l (arcades ambo.) Virgil tells'US'that tho ontronco to a." certain place'* is perfectly easy-" Fnoilis deseeuBus avornp't Paikos Ina dono.innre, he bas proved that the entrance to tho Aisotn bly is far entier, " Fuel I la doFConsus fori," is echoed by tho *' murmura of. the stream" 1 - O.t. toroporn.:01 morai 1 Vorlly " wo live, move, and have onr being" in an atmos- phere of .contradictions!- ??: tu |...... - ?' iTh'o political decease of Mr ¡Deniehy was- not an un oxpocted evunt; tho lenrned gentleman having for some timo suffered -severely from shortness of popular breath, a ma- lady which terminated fatally on Tuoaday, nt 4 pm. lbs accession of 'the' "'Maator of the Bolts'' tQ a seat IA TVIivnent will no.doubt lie regarder] by tho diggers o' tho Oi»»» with satisfaction, and aiTuVil,'.* Crumbs pf o an fart" tn tho agriculturist* who look upon jiia return , with ii mn hr tami i His prosonco in tho House will bo a wo) cuno hnon to the Government, which, In the hour of weakness, Will bo ablo to support itself upon tho ' Stuff of Mfa". Tho defeat of our lively friends, Messrs Duigan and Stewart, may ho traced to nu ancient popular preju- dice, the electors in all probability fearing that the advent of tho " Dootor," folio wed by "tho" Undertaker", would imperil the e'xistenco of our '''now-b.irn liberties", and prcmtturely consign thom to the "tomb of nil the Capil- leta"-it was truly a sirioks matter, arni required the guiue attention bestowed npou it Among the results of tho ballot, we congratulate our fellow- eft irena on the ad- mirable temper and thoroDghly English feeling maintained during tho elections. Let us hope that V the right men an in the right place", and let tho rejected cansóle them wiro) with that nover-fjlliog balm, tho hopo of .' better luck next timó" ¡ ; To oiir re-animated contemporary, tho Empire; the ballot box itppoars to possess tho ons virtue, nt least, con- tained in Jupiter's gift to Pandora. In bis leader of Wed- nesday ho acknowledged thu it " inspired us with hopo " Somebody hassaidor"snug- yt i "" Hope told a flattering taía'j ' ' .'' Wo cannot help thinking that " hopo;*" for o foundation does not argue ranch for the stability of an Empire. .' 