EDUCATION IN CHINA. ( From the Bengal Hurkant.) It is a fortunate circumstance for society that when a truly great man comes into tho world, he generally finds some faithful disciple able and will'nj to make pouterity sharers in such flashes of genius, or solid results of experience, as may chance to drop from his I lips iu the course of casual conversation. In this way t o-ij ? rt-l ? :.l ? ? I „ftiora am fa. JLiUiner, OUIUCII, vyuienugo, uuu iuuij; U. - — — miliarly known to us from their table talk ; while Johnson has bis Boswell, and other luminaries have other satellites to heighten and refleot their brilliancy. Similarly, that very remarkable person, the late ex Commissioner Yeh, has found in his interpreter Mr Alabaster, an intelligent exponent of his most matured opinions on men and things. In the present number of the Journal of the Asiatlo Society, there ig an interesting Memorandum onSdu- I cation in China, drawn up by Mr Alabaster, from information afforded by the lamented Ych, an out line of which wo shall endeavour to lay before our readers, as affording food for meditation and com parison. Education, it would appear, ia in China thoroughly a statu institution. Freo schools are supported by Government graut3 throughout the empire. Govern ment prescribes the uature and amount of tbe know ledge to be imparted to the scholars, and regulatis the°public examinations through which alono they may aspire to high official emplo; i^pnt, rank, and dignities. By these means educate. ?' ?-* been so widely diffused that there is, porhapB,ugk . ..i. :'-old in China which has not at least one -A its meir.beis nble to read. Young China commences his studies at a very early age, indeed, one Philosopher, whose specu lations remind us of those of tho ingenious Mr Shandy, has maintained that education should com mence previous to birth, and cites the s ige Mercois as an instance of tbe great results to be derived from this preliminary course. Teh, however, has unfor tunately not communicated the method in which in struction is in such cases to be imparted. Having at tbia earl/ stage of his existence, or subsequently, acquired a competent knowledge of the alphabet, and having been disciplined in the fundamental principles of Chinese etiquette, the young student is sent to a public day school, where a little book is given him to learn by rote, snd is then explained to him. In tbe first sentence of this book, he is told that he is ' by nature good, and that if he becomes depraved he is then in an abnormal and un natural condition,' a Pelagian doctrine which accords wonderfully with the views maintained by Lord Pal merston when he told the mothers of Tiverton that all babies were born good. After digesting this and# similar morsels of wisdom, a second and more difficult book is gone through in the Bame way, when the Neo phyte Is advanced to a higher class and introduced lo the study of Comucius. When the four books of Confucius have been learned by rote and studied with the assistance of commentaries, the youth has com pleted tbe ordinary school curriculum 1 he is familiar with the sublime truths that honesty h the best policy, that you must respect others if you wouH be respected ; but on the other hand, says Mr Al. - outer, he believes tne eartn to be nat, and is lgnora: t and even careless how far it may be to the moon. At this stage, unless bis parents should tbink him likely to make a figuie in public examinations, bis studies are at an end, and he subsides into the obscurity of pri vato life ; but should they augur well of his talents, either » tnlor will be hired to read v. iih him, or ho may obtain admission into a government school, where he will rcccive gratuitous instruction from first rate masters, until qualified to compete for bis degree. In fheie government schools are studi .d the writings of the ancient sages of China as edited witb notes by Confucius, and the studentbecomeaan adept inthe art of paraphrasing themoral maxims of these old writers and ;of writing themes npon them. It is not, how ever, necessary to have studied at these seminaries ia order to obtain a degree, for the examination ir) open to any one who pleases ' to compete. Should tho candidate pass this examination and desire to prose cute his studies farther, bis education is henceforth the care of the State. Mauy, however, are found to give up the pursuit of knowledge at this point, and become schoolmasters, tutors, or clerkB in publio offices. By those who persevere, the art of essay writing is acquired in a degree of perfection not excelled, per haps, by the writers in the Indian Field or the Calcutta Review. A second examination is now passed, and the graduate becomes tligible far office, but until he actually obtains a post, he renders gratuitous services to other officials. There is another degree which gives the graduate office immediately on passing, but the standard is so high that compara tively few venture to try for it. Besides au accurate knowledge of Chinese history, and a masterly facility in paraphrasing the 'four books,' and the ''five classics,' the candidate is expected to write essays on such abstruse subjects as the following : — ' The dew fallt in Autumn. — Point out tho connexion between this extract from the Book of Odes and a system of tajutfaLuu. mm in mu uiguem uejgreti geuerauy y.u.eil, but there is one still higher, conferred by tbe Em peror himself, assisted by the most learned scholars of the Empire. The successful candidate bccomes a member of the Imperial College of the HauliD, where he is employed in writing state papers until his ser vices are required as an administrative, or diplomatic, Mandarin. Although the course of study above indicated is not of the most practical character, it is thought that the training which the mind thus receives makes' a man wise, and so, as Confucius observes, unlike a kettle, fit not for one purpose only, but for all — an argument similar to that commonly advanced in be half of classical Btudies at home. No practical inconvenience, in the opinion of the late ex- Commissioner, arises from the ignorance of details common to all Chinese officials, for any clerk can look up the law of a case, or supply the arith metic in which his chief is defective. Besides in ac counts a nicely adjusted balance is never so satisfac tory as a good surplus. The study of languages forms no part of a polite education in China. Why should a man be at the trouble to learn foreign languages when every foreigner who comes to China can learn Chineso ? As for industrial, agricultural, or art schools, these are quite superfluous, ' things go on very well as tbey are, and no improve ment is wanted.' Mr Alabaster remarks that 'although the area of education in China is so circumscribed, it takea a long time in travelling over ; so slowly da they progress, that Borne are thirty or forty years at their books before they can take even the first degree ; it is possible, however, to take them all at any early age, an instance being mentioned of a boy of sixteen gaining a chair in the Imperial College, while Yeh was only nine teen when he tock bis first degree, and nine ami twenty when he took his last degree, knowledge being the sole qualification required.' Some information is furnished on tho same autho rity with regard to the education r,f females, whoso mental faculties do not seem to be oramped like their feet, but are allowed to expand to very fair propor tions, as young ladies of good family are expected to read and even to mako verses. Cookery anel em broidery are also accomplishments in which no tho roughly well educated femalo is deficient. Some of the beBt histories of China are written, it is said, by ladies. In the province of Canton there are schools for girls, but ' as the modesty of the late ex-Cammis. »ioner prevented his investigating their internal ar rangements,'* Mr Alabaster can furnish us with no information respecting them. In these days, when the subjects of education and competitive examination engage so much attention, it is not uninteresting to have some light thrown upon these subjects by considering how they work in China, where they have been iu operation for au in definite period of time, and some hints may, we think, be picked up to guide us in our own experi ments. The Chinese theory is strictly that every place should be given to the fittest man, not by reputation merely, but who has proved himsolf to be bo by passing a aeries of difficult examinations. From the tide-waiter to tbe Prime Minister, every official must have show n upon paper sufficient proof of his abilities. Such is the theory ; but in fact these examinations are upon subjects wbicli can be of no practical service in the actual busiuess of life, flow can moral esBays or paraphrases of Ihe ancient sages, profit a magistrate, financier, a diplo matist, or the administrator of a province, or what Bhall be said of a system which would give Martin Tupper of the 'Proverbial Philosophy,' precedence over Derby, Palmerston, or Russell. But if the sub jects of examination in China afTord no test of practi cal ability, it may be asked, do the questions set by examiners at home always offer such a test '! Is it of any real use that a man should know wheu the first edition of Shakespeare waB published, aud wheu tbe second, and when tho thitd, that ho should be able to define satiric poetry, or, indeed to answer the whole set of absurd inter rogatories by which the candidates at examinations are usually tested ? Another point mny be alluded to in which the Chinese system manifestly oris, to wit the repeated examinations which the candidate for high offioes must pass. One examination, we conceive, Bbould be sufficient to open the door' of official employment to the public, once admitted merit can be beBt judged by actual trial. Mr John Stun t Mill in his recent Essay ou Liberty, remarks that England becomes daily more like China, that indivi dual character ia being destroyed, and the uniformity of mediocrity taking its place, and this he ascribes to the character of modern Education. It is an old com plaint that the men of the present day are inferior to their sires, but wo fear that if the Chinese system of competitive examinations should ever be brought into full operation in England even Englishmen might , sink to the celestial level. The Jesuits' Oath. — At a lecture, on Tues day, by ' Baron de Camin,' on the subject of ' The Jesuits, the Spies of the Pope, and Na poleon the Little,' the lecturer stated that Car dinal Wiseman had taken the Jesuit's oath, in substance as follows : — ' I, Nicholas Wiseman, in the presence of God, the Holy Virgin, the Holy Ghost, the apostles, patriarchs, &c.;, vow, without hesitation, that I will obey all orders and commands from my superiors -I will never reveal the secrets of the order, but will wage war against any country, set people against, monarcn, or monarch against people, wife against husband, son against father, or any other part of the family. I will go anywhere, commit adultery, treason, murder, or any crime which I am ordered for the good of my order ; if I do not my tongue shall be dried up, my blrod shall bo turned to water, and my soul shall go to the devil — sq help me God,' 