CATHOLICITY AND MODERN CIVILIZATION. (From Brownson's Review.) In an article in our Review for last October, we laid down the proposition that the Catholic Religion is fitted to he the dominant principle of the nine teenth century, and of the most enlightened portion of mankind. In that article, the part of the propo sition that relates to the present century was fully elucidated and defended in a historical way ; we pKfcced ,now to take up the remaining .part, and to discuss in a more philosophical manner the principle which underlies the historical facts adduced, and thus to show the intimate relation of Catholicity to ; enlightened civilization. We may easily suppose a candid and intelligent objector to make the following reply to the statement by which the dominant influence of Catholicity in the nineteenth century has been proved : ' Admitted, that the Catholic Church has to a great extent re covered her past influence, and preserved her power in the present age. But this is only to say, that the spirit of past ages still continues to resist, and in a measure to cliect: and repress the spirit of the present age. The Catholic Church exists and is powerful in the nineteenth century, but she is foreign and hostile to it. The nineteenth century is not fully conscious of its own principles, and the spirit of the age has not yet gained its full expansive power, or succeeded in establishing its dominance over society and humanity.' In order to confront this objection, it is necessary to analyze carefully the spirit of the nineteenth cen tury, and to reduce modern civilization to its consti tuent elements, so a3 to show that these elements are capable of being combined with and regulated by the principle of Catholicity. If there is any portion of the human race more advanced in this modern civilization than the rest of mankind,it is also requisite to show that the Catholic religion is adapted and even necessary to such highly civilised and enlightened nations. There are several nations claiming such a pre-eminence, and among them our own great Ame rican Republic holds a prominent and undisputed place. We need not claim for her an absolute su periority, much less disparage other nations. On this matter let every one enjoy his own opinion. It seems evident, however, that the free scope for the expansion of human nature afforded by our institu tutibris, combined with the great natural advantages of the country, favours a high development of intel ligence and activity, and the formation of a great and noble race of men. It is incessantly asserted that the intelligence of the American people, and the spirit of manhood and liberty with which they are imbued, are incompatible with' 'the principle of Catholicity. Hence, we cannot meet the question of the fitness of Catholicity to dominate over the most civilised and enlightened portion of the human race more fairly, than by considering it specially in reference to our own country. Another reason for doing so, is, that it is our own country, and more interesting to us as Americans than any other. In speaking of the American peo ple we use the word in the comprehensive sense, embracing our entire population without regard to the source whence their blood is derived, and with the distinct acknowledgment that the mixture of different races in the formation of this great people is one of its chief advantages. The close connection between this country and England, from whence the formative influence of our civilization and polity has proceeded, makes it requisite that we should also include the English people within the bearing of our remarks on America. Let us try, then, to seize and analyze that subtle something which we call the spirit of the nineteenth century, and which pervades the civilization of the age, and especially of oiir own country. Cjcsar Cantu calls it ' a noble impetus towards any thing that can promote the intelligence and well-being of the people.' That we can make a perfect analysis of it we do not pretend, but we hope to succeed in detecting some elements which all will agree in re garding as among the constituent elements of modern civilization. The first is the principle that government is for the benefit of the people. The despotic and oligarchical maxim that one individual or a privi leged class constitutes the state, is exploded. The idea that the people are only fit to be kept in a state of villeinage and serfdom, for the aggrandizement of their lords and kings, has become universally odious, and is considered as fit only for China and Central Asia. It is the people who arc regarded as forming society and the state, and all political and social institutions are justly considered as framed for no other end than to promote the happiness and well-being of the whole collectively, arid of each in dividual singly. This principle is the principle of liberty as correctly understood, in contradiction to the principle of tyranny, and it lies at the foun dation of our American Institutions. Now this principle is not merely compatible with Catho licity, it has been actually derived by modern civilization from the Catholic Church. The Church has always taught that government is a trust for the people, and has required kings to administer' that trust for the good of their subjects. Despotism is not a creation of the genius of Catho licity. The institutions of the middle ages were essen tially free and liberal, and it was the Reformation that erected despotism on their ruins. The cele brated French Protestant writer Guizot, asserts that the reformation was not a religious but a political movement. Wherever it was established it was by the tyranny of the civil power, and resulted in des potism. In England, when the' Archbishop of Can terbury, Wareham, weakly yielded to the dictation of Cromwell, when the heads of Cardinal Fisher and' Sir Thomas More fell on the block, liberty passed away, and gave place to the most abject and servile submission to ecclesiastical and civil tyranny. If liberty has revived again in England it has been because Magna Charta and the principles of free dom which came down from old Catholic times could not be entirely suppressed ; it has been, in spite of the continued opposition of the English es tablishment, in the present century, and is in great part owing to Catholic Ireland and her' great states man, O'ConneJI. In the north of Europe, it was the despotism of Christian the Cruel, the Nero of the North, and of the treacherous Gustavus Vasa, that overthrew' the Catholic religion in Sweden, Norway, and Den. mark. In Prussia it was the perfidious Albert who overturned Catholicity in order to found for himself a kingdom in the usurped territories of the Teutonic knights.- So, throughout Germany. Thus modern despotism was the creature of the Reformation, and has since been copied by Catholic sovereigns, who, in proportion as they become despotic, have become the oppressors of the Church.* It is then only by a constant struggle against the Catholic Church that modern despotism has 'been established, and it is the spirit of Catholicity working in the bosom of Christian civilization that is gradually bringing things to their true and just level, when rulers will have to adminis ter their governments as a trust, for the good of their people. The Catholic Church will be the greatest gainer by the happy change ; for she will free her self from the tyranny of the civil power, and thus he enabled to fulfil more perfectly her Divine mission. The second principle of modern civilization is, that man is to be esteemed not on account of certain accidental distinctions of birth, &c;, but simply because he is a man, a rational and immortal being. This begets the sentiment of equality and fraternity. It breaks down those insurmountable barriers which separate different classes in social and political life. It throws open the road to honor to all those who are able and inclined to enter it, and gives merit a fair field. Conectly understood, it does not destroy differences of rank, station, cultivation, or wealth, nor level society, as the fanatics of the French Revolution desired to do ; but it creates a fellow feeling, a mututl kindness and esteem, and a true sentiment of fraternity among all classes, based on respect for the dignity of man as a rational and im mortal being. Its influences diffuse intelligence, virtue, education and comfort to the widest possible extent among the people. This principle, also, is derived from the Catholic religion ; it had no place in Pagan civilisation. In Greece and Rome, the rich and enlightened few despised and hated the mass of their fellow-beings as an intrinsically degraded race ; just as the Japanese of this day regard the poor as the victins of Divine anger and incapable of salvation, and the highcast Hindoos consider it pollution to speak with a Pariah. The Catholic Faith first taught the equality and fraternity of the human race, as children of the same Father, re deemed by the same Lord, and destined to the same eternal happiness. The Church canonized the slave as well as her mistress, the shepherd as well as the monarch, and taught the great humility while she inspired the poor with self respect. It is especially in the doctrine of baptism that the Catholic senti ment of equality and fraternity, which ought to exist among all classes in a Christian community, is ex hibited. For, in baptism, the dignity of an heir of the kingdom of heaven is superadded to the rational and immortal nature of the human being. In ad dition to that bond of common fraternity which binds together the whole human race as redeemed by the same blood, a closer tie unites all the baptized, as actually the children of God by the grace of re generation, for, in the very language of the Pro testant Episcopal Catechism, baptism makes us children of God, members of Christ, and inheritors of the kingdon of heaven.' Therefore, the infant prince must be brought to the same font where the child of the peasant is regenerated. The same chrism marks the head of each, and the difference of earthly rojik is thus merged in the higher dignity common to both as heirs to an eternal crown. The Catholic Church has always acted upon this principle, and furnishes a strong counterpoise to me too great predominance of tho aristocratic element. She has always drawn her clergy from all ranks', from the children of the labouring class as well as from those of the middling class and the nobility. The highest distinctions of tho hierarchy have been thrown open to merit, without regard to birth and family connections. Even the Supreme Pontificate, which was refused to the Emperor Sigismund of Germany, and to Cardinal Wolsey, while he was Prime Minisjer to Henry VIII., has been several times conferred on the sons of country farmers and shoemakers. ' The third principle of modern civilization is an improved tone of moral sentiment. For example, in regard to the manner of carrying on war. The out rages and barbarities which were perpetrated in for mer times are now regarded with abhorrence, and civilised nations are more disposed to settle their difficulties by amicable adjustment, less so to engage in hostilities. It is well known how incessantly the Catholic Church has laboured in former times to mitigate the horrors of warfare, to cultivate relations of peace and amity among Christian nations, and to protect the vanquished and prisoners from the cruelty of their conquerors ; in a word, to inspire all men with that spirit of charity which sees a brother and a fellow-Christian, or at least a fellow- man, in any suffering and miserable individual, even though he be an enemy. As another example we may take the slave trade, now condemned by the public senti ment of the Christian world, and prohibited by the laws of all civilised nations. The slave trade was condemned by the Councils of Lyons (566); of Rheims(625); of London (1102); and Coblentz(922): and by Popes Pius II. (1482) ; Paul III. (1637) ; Urban VIII. (1639); Benedict XIV. (1741), and Pius' VI I. and Gregory XVI. in our own time. The Catholic Church laboured for a long time against the opposition of the European Governments, to reform public sentiment and international law on this point. A fourth principle is a spirit of beneficence, as shown in philanthropic movements and institutions, for the relief of every species of human suffering, as well as for the instruction and reformation of the ig norant and degraded portion of society. It is need less to say, on what a gigantic scale these works of charity have been and are maintained in the Catholic Church, especially as this subject has been recently handled in a masterly manner by the able and dis tinguished Dr. Ives, in the two lectures he has de livered on Catholic Charities, and which he has published. A fifth principle is the spirit of scientific investi gation, especially within the sphere of Physics, closely connected with which is the application of scientific discoveries to purposes of practical utility. It is this spirit of scientific enthusiasm which has impelled so many brave men like Parry, Ross, Franklin, and Kane, to encounter the almost in credible perils and hardships of Artic voyages of discovery, and induced different governments to devote vast sums to enlarge the circle of science. The same spirit has inspired others, like Audubon, to penetrate the forests of America, in order to des cribe the countless varieties of birds, and to describe with accuracy the plumage and the songs of these Prime Donne of Nature's Opera. Others, like Lyell, and Agassiz, and Hitchcock and Hall, to pierce the crust of the earth, explore the mountain-gorge, wander over country after country, hammer in hand, and to investigate the wonderful fossil records of the past ages of our earthly globe. Animated by the same enthusiasm, others again, in the beautiful words of Humboldt, turn with delight to contemplate the silent life of plants, and to study the hidden forces of nature in her sacred sanctuaries ; or, yield ing to that inherent impulse which, for thousands of years, Has glowed in the breast of man, direct their minds by a secret presentiment of their destiny to wards the celestial orbs which, in undisturbed har mony, pursue their ancient and eternal course.'* Turning in an opposite direction to the hitherto in scrutable depths of the ocean, Maury and Berry man have given a chart of the submarine mountains, plateaus, and valleys of its bed, and Field has ac complishcd the great achievement of laying tho At lantic Cable, which may yet prove successful. It. is neediest to speak of chemistry, philology, ethno graphy, and many other branches of science, ar dently and successfully pursued. It is as clear as noon day that all truth is from God, that truth can never contradict truth, and, therefore, that genuine science and a veritable Re velation cannot possibly clash with each other. Un happily, some men of eminent science, and a still larger number of sciolists and theory makers, are making great efforts to prove that the Christian Revelation is irreconcilable with the discoveries of modern, science.' Their hostility is espe cially directed against the Catholic Church, because they well know that if they succeed in overflowing her authority, they have little to fear from any other quarter. Now, what is the truth? Is there any real con tradiction between Catholicity and Modern Science ? Certainly, the Church of Rome does not apprehend anything from this quarter. In the city of Rome all these sciences are prosecuted with greatest zeal by learned academies, in which cardinals and ec clesiastics, are the prominent members. The Lec tures of Cardinal Wiseman on the Connection be tween Science and Revealed Religion will show the liberal spirit reigning there in regard to science. Those ecclesiastics who are educated at the head quarters of Catholicity will be found to be well versed in the physical sciences, and disposed to en courage their study. The case of Gallileo is frequently mentioned as a proof of the hostility of Rome to science. The in cessant harping which is kept up on this name by the enemies of the Roman Church is a convincing proof that they have a great paucity of materials, and are therefore obliged to ring their changes monotonously on the Florentine Astronomer and the Roman Inquisi tion. It is not a little discreditable to English lite- rature that, after the full refutation given by Cardi nal Wiseman, Archbishop Kenrick, and others, of the misstatements which have been made in regard to this matter, men of such high character as Edward Everett and the North American Reviewers should persist in repeating them, and even dragging them into the discussion of subjects with which they have no apparent connection. Even Macaulay speaks of the ' Papal decision that the sun goes round tbe earth.' These gentlemen are thoroughly acquainted with matters belonging to their own sphere, and on topics which they have studied they can speak with accuracy and precision. But this does not prevent their betraying an ignorance, a confusion of ideas, and falling into an inaccuracy of language, when they stray out of their sphere; which can only excite a smile on the lips of a Catholic theologian. The truth is, the Pope never made any such decision, or any other decision contrary to scientific truth. The action of the Inquisition was of a simply pro visional and precautionary character. The helio- centric theory was not yet satisfactorily proved and definitely accepted by the scientific world. Its har mony with the language of Scripture had not been adequately examined, and its supposed contradiction to that language created a strong and widely-spread prejudice in the Christian world against it. In order not to shock this prejudice too suddenly, and to give time for more mature investigation, the In. quisitioh required Galileo to teach his system merely as a scientific hypothesis and not as abso lutely true. But the absurd statement that his hypothesis was condemned is refuted by three facts : First, that it had been taught at Rome with the approbation of the Popes, for two hundred years before Galileo; second, that Pope Urban VIII., immediately after the decree, allowed two Jesuits to teach it publicly in Rome ; and third, that the same Pope, a little before this, appointed Castelli, a dis ciple and defender of Galileo, professor of mathe matics in the Sapienza. That Galileo's theory met with opposition from individuals of high standing among the Catholic clergy, is perfectly true and perfectly irrelevant to the question. Lord Bacon opposed it violently, and so did tho most eminent of the Protestant clergy for a very long time. In our day, Protestant clergymen, some of whom are dig ditaries of the Established Church of England, have attacked the science of Geology in unmeasured terms ; and Dr. Buckland, Dr. Pye Smith, President Hitchcock, and other savans of the Protestant clerical body, have had to defend themselves from the charge, made by their own brethren, of betraying the cause of Christianity. If we are not mistaken, not a single Catholic priest has written anything of this kind in the English language, while confessedly the best book in defence of the harmony of Science and Revelation has proceeded from the pen of Cardinal Wiseman, and iS made up of lectures -' written and delivered in the city of Rome. We resort again, in support of our statements, to that eloquent antagonist of the Catholic Church, Lord Macaulay. Though he rejects the Catholic Faith, yet he cannot help seeing that there is nothing in the progress of physical science dangerous to its stability. He says : ' It matters not at all that the compass, printing, gunpowder, steam, gas, vaccination, and a thousand other discoveries and inventions, which were un known in the fifth century are familiar to the nine* teenth. None of these discoveries and inventions have the smallest bearing on the question, whether man is justified by faith alone, or whether the invo cation of saints is an orthodox practice. . . . . One reservation must indeed be made. The books and traditions of a sect may contain, mingled with propositions strictly theological, other propositions, purporting to rest on the same authority, which re« late to physics. If new discoveries should throw discredit on the physical propositions, the theologi cal propositions, unless they can be separated from the physical propositions, will share in their discre dit. In this way, undoubtedly, the progress of science may indirectly serve tho cause of religious truth.' Thus far Lord Macaulay : and we may extend his last remark so far as to include also chronology and metaphysical science. The Catholic Church is in no danger from any of these sources. On the contrary, science is her best defender against all attacks from the scientific quarter. In physics, there is no theory in direct contravention to her decisions, at the present time advocated by men of eminence, except that of the plurality of the human race; and this theory, always rejected by the majority of the men of science, is continually rendered more and more manifestly un tenable by scientific investigations into the nature of species and varieties, and by microcospic examina tions of the brain. In chronology the antagonists of Christianity are striving to destroy the historical credit of the Books of Moses by researches into Egyp. tian records; but as yet they have been baffled and defeated by Sir Joshua Wilkinson, Pond, and other Egyptologists. In metaphysics, the single instance in which the Church has connected a metaphysical definition with a doctrinal decision, is in the case of the dogma of Transubstantiation; and progress of phi losophical inquiry makes it continually more evident on grounds of pure reason that we must distinguish between substance and its sensible qualities. On the contrary, Calvinism, which ia the genuine Pro testantism of the Reformation, has committed itself to the doctrine of the slavery of the will, and tho system of necessity or fatalism ; a system which can never stand the test of a metaphysical examination, and which must be overthrown wherever sound phi* losophy prevails. Hence, we see that in Newhaven, the high intellectual culture which has made it so justly celebrated has driven out this irrational snd gloomy system : the freedom of the will and tho essential goodness of human nature have been nobly asserted; and one of the most refined scholars and acute philosophers of Yale College has borrowed the Scientia Media of the Jesuits in order to over throw the doctrine of predestination. From Scientific investigation the Catholic religion hat nothing to fear. On the contrary, since its doctrines are tho truth of God in tho supernatural order, while the doctrines of science are the truth of God in tho natural order, the more both are studied, tho more plainly will their mutual harmony appear. Indeed, there is something in the manner in whioh the great truths of science are established and in corporated with, the body of certain and unquestioned knowledge, closely analagous to the definitions, of doctrine in tho Catholic Church. Those learned men whose authority is acknowledged by the scientific decide at once all questions of science which furnish tho requisite data for a positive deci sion. Their positive and ultimate decision, when given, is accepted as final by tho world. Such a decision furnishes aground of certitude in thn na tural order, within which order reason is supreme and infallible. In the Catholic Church the decisions of the Holy See sum up tho result of the collective knowledge, investigation, and judgmont of the theo logians of the whole world, during ages. The matter of definition lies, however, in the supernatural order, within which reason is incompetent ; and therefore God gives a special supernatural assistance of tho Holy Ghost to the Church, by virtue of which her deci sions are rendered infallible. If it is suitable for an enlightened age to obey the decisions of an authori tative tribunal in regard to scientific matters, it is even more suitable to obey the decisions of the Church in regard to theological questions touching tho faith. (To be continued.) 