UNDERMINING ii£#T fTo-tke 33difaof ik£ Siarl) " ' SIB,-Wvh *he exemption ,orthe very lew who are compelled by necessity or otherwise to attend our police courts, tbepubiicgane rally htve little idea of the generaHmainess tramacted in them, and «uU lew have they (ihe public) the ghost oi an idea of the wis dom, learning, justice, and penetration of tome of our locid magistrate*. Tour own reports of each case must necesaarfly be brief, otherwise I vrodld not trouble you with this note. Will you, Sir, or the public believe it, I have -been undermined in two ways, first, bv the diggers driving under my premises, anil secondly, by Mr Daly's over dipping into my purse by fining me ? Yet audi is the fast. The case is shortly this: On account of the undermining, before mentioned, my neighbor summoned me for an encroachment or tres pass. The case was heard yesterday (Wed nesday) before Mr Daly. It appeared from the evidence that I had nothing to do with the alleged trespass, that it was caused by the operations of other men, who neglects to properly support the superincumbent earth, hence the ground sunk, and the top part of my ptemises encroached the upper atmosphere of my neighbor's. This is the head and front of my offending. Now, if my neighbor was offended by my timber touahing his timber in the upper regions, in consequence of what I bad no control over, he had an undoubted right to summons me to " the gate," but by wha£reasoning, or logic, or distorting of the law to its utmost tension, Mr Daly arrived at hie decision, I am at a loss to conceive. I was fined 40s, for what ? because the diggers drove under me, and my building pressed against my neighbor's. On the same principle a man be fined for any mortal (or immortal) thing as the case may be, for any occurrence, natural or supernatural the effects caused by lightning, earthquakes, &c.; My house in act is rather tumbling down, and in so doing it has pitched into yours, my friend, summons me before Mr Daly, who appear to not only have the knowledge of all laws, natural and legal, and you will get me fined for what could not be helped nor avoided. Moreover, my friend, if you wish it, you can get me to remove my upper works to a more conven ient spot, mid-air; and all, too, in one after noon,-a consideration more easily wished by Mr Daly than arrived at by any other per son. In short, Mr Daly's decision is, to say the least of it, a piece of presumption; and it it is not the only one he has been guilty of. What next? 1 Yours, fcfv CHARLES BOYD. Printer. Main Road, Ballarat. Ballarat, 15th December, 1850. 