lUrOUNOIKOS. At Mtirrurtindi, on the 26th day of March, 1859, by oider of Mr A. Joys, for trespass; da'magra and diiving 3s 3d per head : — Bay horse, JW oil' bltinil'ii.r and cheek, G-L conjoined near shouhk-r ; gr:v mnre, W (writing capital) near shoulder ; br.v nare, G off neck, like 102 near i.idi tindi-; .-^J.l'e. If not released, will be sold on the JiOtli day of April. At Wee \Vr.-i, on tho 2'2ndday of March, 1859, r ? tV -A ? Tl.,„ I!:,...- 1,„ t.|,.nr., Edwards, l^o. ; trespass and driving £1 5s per hf-ad : — Cheuiut horBe, white stripe down face, Jl?f3 (tlf J ii conjoined) near shoulder; chesnut horse, wlii.'e stripe down face, ofl hind fetlock white, Ii oft' neck and shoulder; bay mare, small white stripe dr.vn face, WB over UP near shoul der, 4 near ri'o.i ; bay mare, WB over ED near ihotddcr; lmv entire horse, like C5 ucarahoulder ; ilamnpcs £C ; brown muro, like G with G over and G under in-nr shoulder. If not released by Iho loth April, v. ;1 be sold. A- Cockliehter's Bridge, on tho 29th of March, 186!}, I'r'.»;ti IJonam Wood: — Grey maro, over J near 3!iouid..:r. WP off shoulder, saddle marked, aged; buy mare, off shoulder, like f\ under Baddle oil sido ; damages 5s each. Re-advertised: — Brown horse, A (writing capital) over indistinct brand near shoulder, ISH sidowayB off shoulder, 5 years old, 15^ hands high ; damages 2a. If not released, will be sold on tbe 28th April. i . V ; ; The, Dark Side. — Talent of aYiy sort, (writes Carlyle, in his ' Life of Schiller,') is generally accompanied with a peculiar fineness of sensibility ; of genius, this is the most essential constituent ; and life in any shape has sorrow enough for hearts so formed. The employments of literature sharpen this natural tendency ; the vexations that accom pany them freouentlv exasperate it into morbid soreness. The cares and toils of literature are the business of life — its delights are too etheral and too transient to furnish that perennial flow of satisfac tion, coarse, but plenteous and substantial, of which happiness in this world of ours is made. The most finished efforts of the mind give it little pleasure ; frequently they give it pain, for men'B aims aro ever beyond their strength. And the out ward recompense of those undertakings, the dis tinction they confer is still of small value ; the desire for it is insatiable, even when successful ; and when btiffled, it issues in jealousy and envy, and every pitiful and painful feeling. So keen a temperament, with so little to restrain or satisfy, so much to distress or tempt it, produces contradic tions which few are adequate to reconcile. Hence the iinhappiness of literary men, hence their faults and follies. It is a pleasing thing to witness, says a cor respondent of the Zoohght , the confidence ana familiarity of the nightingale when protected ; U3 for instance, in the promenade at GradenfeUl, in Prussia, a beautiful piece of ground, extending nearly a quarter of a mile along both banks of u small stream. In addition to the penalties de nounced hy Prussian law against those who rob the nests of the nightingale, a watchman is stationed here during the breeding season for additional security. This may perhaps appear singular in our matter-of-fact age; but 1 am confident that no lover of nature who had resided in Gradenfeld, nnd enjoyed the delicious concerts which these birds maintain both day and night, except from two to five o'clock p.m., would refuse his aid to such a custom. Many a bird-fancier is at much greater expense, not to speak of trouble, in keeping a ghost of a nightingale cnged, and wliv should we wonder at the inha itants of Gradenfeld, with their open air habits, taking care that their favourite resort shall never become songless ? Seated on a broad leaved jessamine, the 6hrnb which generally con ceals the nest, the male bird will singalthough you pass within four feet of him, eyeing you as if per fectly nivaro that he is a privileged character. Be sides the nightingales, a groat variety of other birds find shelter in this privileged place, and being never molested, afford tho naturalist excellent oppor tunities of observing their habits. Amongst others, the hoopoes generally build here ; the golden oriole suspends its curious nest from the highest branches of the nspoti, and breathes out its cheerful Hute notes at evening; tho Bohemian wax-wing is a regular and plentiful winter visitant ; whilst a variety of finches and warblers of less note com plete this real ' Imppy family.' Novel Uses or Cham.— Mr Samuel White, of White's Volley, Ahllngo, informi ui tlmt nearly all the expenio ond trouble of grubbing stumps may be avoided by a very simple contrivance, which lie has hinmelf practised with perfect HUccenS. Round each stump ho has n trench dug six or eight inches wido. and eicht or ten inches deep. This is filled with whcat-elmff, into which a fircstlck is Inserted. Nothing else is necessary. The chuff' smoulders away, burning out tho entire stump lo the depth of tlm trench, quite beyond the reach of tho plough, and leaying.a quantity of. good charcoal behind. We had previously . heard from, a Rfjuteman living near tho Willungn, that charcoal could be. made in any quantity by covoriug. the logs. with, chaff, and Insortlng a tire-coal. 'Jfhio Mr Whito confiims,- -and' adds that a neighbour of hjo !m«. manofuctnred; wtcijljent, lime In the Bfljne manner. . It la.tiardlj necessity;!*) B\eniion that thjso -fperation|) must bn performed ifuWng.lhehtat of summer, nhea tbo.wooil or llm'esti/p^.Jt} dry aiid tliat d enlm day ;mu»t. be ebpeen, Jn order tbriS .tllu eljuff nioy .BOt be.blono away by tbo via-l;—Fam did (jtafan, ? ?' . , ;.. i -. i : Woman's Cumosrrr Satisfied.— A rich case came before Justice Brennan at the Essex Market Police Court last week. A strictly virtuous but officious lady came into court with an infant in her arms, which had been left on her hands by one of her neighbours under the following curious circumstances : — There resided at 31, Thompson street, a Ciilifornian widow, whose appenrancc led the complainant and others of the neighbour hood to think that she had recently given birth to a child. Such a slate of things could not be permitted to exist without an investigation, and I the complainant volunteered to enter the widow's apartments and mako n search of the premises. On confronting the widow, nnd questioning her in regard to the matter, the latter denied the soft imnpnehment. and trave her interlocutor to under stand that she had discovered a marc's nest. But indignant virtue was not to be baffl-'d so easily. She suspected the widow's bed contained some thing unusual, and darted forward to inaka an examination. To her joy and satisfaction she found a little child reposing under the sheets, and in triumph she bore the infant down stairs, and forthwith proceeded to the p lice court. An officer was at once despatched to the scene of the excitement^ with orders to arrest the widow and bring her before the magistrate. Upon inquiry, the policeman learnt that the widow had packed up her traps and taken her departure for parts unknown. The result ol the officers mission was communicated lo Mrs. Meddle, whose chagrin at having had the baby left upon her hands, was the source of much amu.'ement to all who were in the secret. Justice Brennan expressed himself sorry that the complainnnt should have fallen into such a trap, but advised her to take care of the infant. Fearing that she would be made the laughing-stock of the community if she adopted the child, she at first refused, but subsequently J consented to become tlie future guardian of the liffln innornnf. — Ampricnn nnrwr A Siamkse Prince. — The Prime Minister is a gentleman y nnd highly intelligent man, rather reserved and proud. He speaks -English - fairly, but avoids parading it ; indeed, seems studiously to avoid the use it if he can havo an interpreter. He readily adapts himself fo European manners, and by his noble bearing and dignified conversation in-pires respect in all who know him. In figure lie is slight, and, but for his mein, ho would be altogether lost sight of in the presence of that monster of obesity, tho Prince Wongsa, a mass i f fat, having but slight resemblance to a man, a hor rible toad-like being. His overgrown chcekB hang in great rolls till they are lost in the huge moun tains of blubber which bide his shoulders ; and as for his body, it must measure three yardB round. So clumsy is he that, despite his Princcship, not even the most enthusiasm of boarding-school missel could think him handsome. His unwieldy body, his merry, false, aud boastful disposition, and his meanness in money mattes have given him among Kuropeans the name of the Siamese FalstafT. He is a merry fellow, always making jukes, and lead ing in the laugh. And what a laugh! He laughs all over, rtiliitig about, and heaving his huge body in such an alarming way, nnd giving utterance to such strange sounds the while, that the first ilea of the uninifated is to send for a doctor ; bjt as he recovers, and they watch all the disturbed creates of fat subsiding into quiet, tho laugh that ho lias done with'is taken up by the spectators. Ilia man ners are to European ideas a* coarse as his pernon, and sundry internal rumbles nnd sounds impolite aro the nccotn) animents of his dinner — a performance, however, in which he is equalled, if not excelled, by tho Praolong, also a fat oM gentleman, but less addicted to talking and laughing. To-day, indeed, he seems quite dull ; perhaps the presence of his sanior officers is a resira nt. — Leter from Siam. Conversation of Great Men. — Tasso's con versation was neither gay nor brilliant. Dane was either taciturn or satirical. Butler was sullen or bit-.hg. Gray Beldom talked or smiled. Hogarth and Swift were very absent-minded in company. Milton was very unsociable, and even irritable when pressed into conversation. Kirwan, though copi ous and eloquent in public addresses, was meagre and dull in colloquial discourse. Virgil was heavy in conversation. La Fontaine appeared heavy, coarse, and stupid. He could not speak and de scribe what he had juut seen, but then ha was the model of poetry. Chaucer'a silence was more agreeable than his conversation. Dryden's conver sation was slow and dull, his humour Baturnine and reserved. Corneille, in conversation, was so insipid, that he never failed in wearying. He did not even speak correctly that language of which ho was such a master. Ben Johnson used to Bit silent in company, and suck /lis wine and their humours. Southey was stiff, sedate, nnd wrapped up in asceticism. Addison was good company with his intimate friends, but in mixed company he pre served his dignity by a slifF and reserved silence. Fox, in conversation, never flagged — his animation j and variety were inexhaustible. Dr. Bently was loquacious, as also was Grotius. ? Goldsmith ' wrote like an angel; and talked like Poor Poll.' Burke was entertaining, enthusiastic, and interest ing in conversation. Cttrran was a convivial deity. Leigh Hunt was ' like a pleasant stream' in con versation. Carlylo doubts, objects, and constantly demurs. — The Interview. Anecdote of tiie late Duke of Wellington. — Some years ago it was proposed to him to purchase a farm in the neighbourhood of Strath fieldsaye, which lay contiguous to his estate, ond was, therefore, a valuable acquisition, to which he assented. When the purchase was completed, his steward congratulated him upon having had such a bargain, as the seller was in difficulties, and forced to part with it. ' What do you mean by a bargain,' said the Duke ; the other replied, ' It was valued at £1,100, and we have got it for £800.' ' In that case,' said the Duke, ' you will please to carry the extra £300 to the late owner, and never talk to me of cheap land again.' — Baike.i'n Journal. The London Bridqe Traffic.— In 10 years the number of persons passing through London Bridge Station has increased from 624,000 to 13 millions and a half 1 Here we have the increased pressure at this point atonce accounted for. The great bulk ofthese railway passengers are proceed ing to and from the City and the western parts of London, and must, therefore, cross the Tnames l»y one or other of the bridges. At least nine tenths of the whole cross the nearest, which is London B.-idge— nearly thirty thousand on foot, ten thousand in cabs, and the remainder in omni buses. It has further been .ascertained, by care ful inquiry, that a latge portion of those railway travellers who cross the bridge are destined for parts west of Holborn and Temple-bar ; and hence, to reach their destinations they have to pass through the City thoroughfares in cabs, carriages, and omnibuses — the humbler classes mostly proceeding westward by the river boats plying to and from Hungerford Pier. The extent to which the thoroughfares are crowded by this flow of traffic westward may be inferred from tho fact that 2,010 omnibus journeys are daily per formed between London Bridge Station and places west of ' Temple-bar, the whole of which pass through the City by the Poultry and Cheapside. — The Builder. The Indian Hills. — Only those who have lived in the plains can understand the feeling of nn attenuated and exhausted European the first day after he has arrived on the bills. When you wdke you think you have received a new set of hones ; you get up refreshed, and your feet seem to ruh away with' you. The windows can be closed without your feeling too bold. Thep a fog 1 when it ^oes'oome' (which is the caso sometimes), how it is y/elcomsd by many who pay, ' Oh ! it remindd ' --nb of home I' ' Tho air is spring- like, Jjglit, and I crisp y ».h?n the slightest feeling of keenness arises o ispft breoao oomea to your relief immediately. I heae mountains nro about 4000 feet above tha 1 level of -tho sea, whioh was visit le in certain lights from the window of our bungalow, at the diatonoe of 30 miles as tho bird flies ; and when the sun de clined we could sometimes eee little while specks on the distant ocean — they wero ships. At other times the blue lino of tlio water 'became a sheet of. gold. This was the usual' effect of the afternoon sun upon it. Then them were lights nnd shadows' for ever changing,., throwing the uketcher who attempted to colour from nature into ihe depths of despair. Strength of the Human Fuame. — One of tho most remarkable and inexplicable experiments relative to the strength of the human fraino is that in which a heavy man is raised with the greatest facility when he is lifted up the instant that. his own lungs and '.linsu of the persons who taise hiin are inflated with air. Tho heaviest person in the party lies down upon two chairs, his legs being supported hy one and his back by tho other. Four persons, ono nt enuh leg and ono nt each shoulder, then try to raise him, nnd find his dead weight to be very grea', from tlio difficulty they experience in sup. p: rtiiitr him. When ho is replaced ill tho ch.iir, each of the four persons tnko hold of his body ns before, and the person to he lifted gives two signals by clapping his hands. At tho first signal, ho. him- self and his four lifters begin to draw a long full breath, ami when the inhalation is completed, or the lungs filled, Ihe second signal is given for rais ing the person from the chair To his own sur prise and that of his bearers he risis with the greatest facility, as if ho wero no henvior than a feather. Sometimes, when one of the bearers per forms his part ill, by making tho inhaling out of time, the part of the body which ho tries to raiao is lufl behiug. Tuo experiment was performed at Venice by susln'ning the hcovii st man of the party on the points of the Ion-fingers of six persons. 'It is assertail that the experiment wi 1 not succeed if the person to he lifted is placod upon n board,, and tho strength of the individuals npplied to tlio board. — Abridged from Sir D. Brewsler't Natural Magic, 