TUMUT. (From a Correspondent.) SOLEMN OPENING OB SAINT JtAKY'S CHT/ItOE OP TUB IJtMACUIiATE CONCEPTION. On the 11th instant, St. Mary's Church of the Immaculate Conception, at Tumut, was solemnly ' opened and blessed, with permission of his Grace the Archbishop. The rubric roquirea that a simple priest, .receive delegation from the ordinary, and this failing, ho cannot lawfully discharge the sacred function. The occasion was one of more than ordinary intorest, and henco tho people flocked in crowds from tho surrounding districts, particularly from the Adelong diggings. Persons of various denominations attended in great num bors, more especially the light-hearted and fearless sons of freo America. No miserable feeling of human respect, or traditional hate of Catholicity, influences thorn; and therefore they cannot be prevented from looking on a glorious edifying sight, and listening to tho Btrong utterance of reason by oven a priest. Tho kindly feelings of tho non-Catholics of Tumut, and their manifest delight at seeing the ceremonies of tho Catholic Church— that are so strikingly expressive of pure faith in God's Holy Word— carried out according to tha spirit and lettor of the rubric, contrasted favourably with tho uncalled-for party spirit so unbluBhiugly brought into action at Wagga 'Wagga. Indeed, it was unkind, because unde served ; and unreasonable, because without oven the semblance, of a cause. Tho Catholic Church opens her arms to all, but forces none, to accept her embrace ; she permits nothing except what charity directs and justice demands; and hence tho non-Catholics of Wagga Wagga were per fectly free to come to St. Michael's or remain at home. Why, therefore, violate tho boasted prin ciple of private judgment by seeking to keep persons away from St. Michael's? True it is, the feeling and action were not general — they were confined to afov; and the very authors of tho movement are now heartily ashamed - of tho weakness manifested on the occasion. Ihe internal arrangements for the accommoda. tion of strangers were excellent ; and, notwith standing the great throng, no inconvenience was felt by any poraon. When tho church was filled, it waa consoling to look down along the living mass, and gaze on the altar, which waa richly adorned. The tabernacle is the gift of a good and notrich man, residing atTamut, Mr. John Ryan, and is truly creditable to his charity. St. Mary's is of the plain Gothb style, and built of brick. It is in height fifteen feet, in width twenty-six, and in length (including sanctuary) Bixty-.cight feet. The entire cost of the building is about fourteen hundred pounds, which sum includes expenses of internal decoration, and of furnishing seats and altar, l^ive acres of land, on which the church i3 erected, were purchased by the people, and are situate on tho road from Tumut to Adelong, looking down on a gi'een flat skirting the adjoining river. AH expenses were- defrayed by the people ; and amongst the subscribers the young diggers of the Adelong wore conspicuous for their generosity. From the Stato not one penny was received. At 7 o'clock Mass Tas celebrated by Father Birmingham, and at ei^ht by Father Twomey. ?Some minutes before 11 o'clock, the procession moved on from the sacristy to the front door ; Master Macnamara carried the large processional cross, and tho Masters O'Meara, O'Beilly, and Madigan acted as acolytes. Father M'Alroy (ol lowed, bearing copo and stole, being accompanied by Rather Burmingham and Twomey. Having arrived at the front door, Father M'Alroy read the prayer, ' Prevent, Lord, our actions,' and then commenced the antiphon, 'Thou shalt sprinklu.' Fathers Twomey and Bermingham alternately read the psalm, ' Miserere,' while Father M'Alroy proceeded round tho church, sprinkling it above and bolow with holy water. On returning to the front door the officiating priest read the prayer, 'O Lord Gjd, although the heavens and the earth cannot contain you,' and then, all entering tho church, two and two, advanced to the altar, the litany being meantime chaunted. The altar was then blessed, and after repeating the two other appointed prayers, tho walls were sprinkled with holy water in the interior, tho proper psalms being meantime chaunted. Having returned to the altar, the priest prayed ' God, tho sancliQor of places dedicated to His name, to pour His graco over this house of prayer, fcu the end that His merciful as sietance may, ba experienced by all persons calling on His name in this church.' The procession than entered tiie sacristy, and the priests then robed for High Ma33. A portion of the choir of St. Augus tiu's, Yu3s(- which is formed of the young ladies of St. Augustin's boarding school, attending, pleased and delighted all by the sweetness and simplicity of the singing, and the correctness of the musical accompaniment. After High Mass, Father Bermingham, clothed in surplice and stole, addressed the congregation, taking for his text the dogmatic decree of the Im maculate Conception. 1 fear my roport would run to too great a length if I gave the entire'of the discourse, which 1 have heard may yet appear in a pamphlet. 1 shall therefore give a few passages as accurately as I can, from a hurried report. The 8th day of December, in the year of grace 1851, aaid he, was one of great and solemn rejoicing for the distinguished assemblage that crowded beneath ' the vast and wondrous dome,' situate in the city of tho Popes, on the banks of the historic Tiber. In the chair of Catholic Unity was there seated the living, speaking Peter— our present noble hearted Pontiff, Pius IX. — and around that chair, at his call, one hundred and fifty -two bishops attended. They came as representatives of the teaching Church of which Peter is head under Christ — from the north and tho south, from the east and the west, from Sees old as the Apostles, aud from lands lately opened by God in his mercy to the suffering aud crushed- out populations of de caying empires, and of despotic, persecuting natious from Asia aud America, from Europe aud Aus tralia. It was indeed a proudly gtaud and noble throng that knelt in unity of faith before the tomb of the Apostles, while the Vicegerent of Christ solemnly officiated at tho oblation of the august and unbloody sacrifice. There were there 152 venerable mitred prelates, 53 oardinals, with 200 prelates of inferior order, and priests in vast num bers, from every nation of the earth, while at the saraa time forty thousand people crowded the vast basilica of St. Peter's. ' Oh,' said the preacher, ' what an overwhelming wave of thrilling sound must have rolled through that splendid temple, when from that agitatod throng the beautiful hymn of petition went up to God's Holy Spirit in the thunder of forty thousand voices ! The last eoho of the ' Veni Creator' had scarcely died away in tho vast remoteness of the ' overwhelming edifice,' whon, at the request of the Catholb world, con veyed by its venerable representatives, the great and -good Pontiff, deeply moved, and shedding tears through vory joy, read tho decree I have taken for my text, and in his supremo infallible judgment defined the Immaculate Conception of Blost Holy Mury— the mother of Jesus, hoaven's queen, and your gentle patroness. And now, beloved brethren, (continued he) after a lapse of five years men, exiles from the loved lands of their birth, from Germany and England, from Scotland and Ireland, from France and America, in company with the young Australian, have assembled in this romote corner of a land far distant from the Holy Roman and Apostolio Qhurob, tho mother and mistress of all churches, to thank God for having been allowed to record their simple faith in this dogma by erecting a beautiful ohurch under the patrouage of tho sinless Mary —the Immaculate mother of the world's Redeemer. Oh, (said he) youi'3 is a groat and blessed privilege : for you are the first, us it seems to me, in this broad continent, who have proclaimed, after this manner, to those seated in darkness and the shades of death, the sub limo glory of our tainted naturo's solitary boast, as set forth iu this dogmatic decree. This work (ho continued) originated iu a desire to give permanent and enduring expression to our faith in the in fallibity of God'a church, and to our unqualified acceptance of the gladsome tidings that Mary's Immaculate Concsptiou is now an article of Catho lie fuith.' Tho preacher then proceeded to state that, in doing so, Catholics acted according to reason, for they received an infallible definition coming from an unerriug source ; and then stated as his reason for speaking on this idea of infalli bility, the inaccurate nolione prevalent in the non Catholic world regarding it, as also that tho Oatho lio's action acom to many ' of earth, earthly,' if not simply Satanic, while priests, viewed as ropro spnted by tho Scribes and Pharisees of modern times, are regarded as the enemies of God and his Christ. He then allowed how we should question the unproven statements, and not receive as daguerreotypes tho random sketohos of indi. viduals interested in keeping up a system of baseless views, especially when that sys tem, without giving almost anything positivo or distinct in religion, is almost totally confined to giving highly coloured descriptions of tho imaginary ignorance, stupidity, subser viency, and immoral practices of two hundred millions of regenerate'] aoula. lie then showed how prejudieo and family alliances kept many from acquiring correct notions regarding Catho licity. Ho then proceodod to state the nature and origin of God's teaching Church. It arose, he said, from tho waters of baptism impregnated with supernatural life, that streamed down from Christ's opened side. Of humanity thus regene rated, God formed a society, gave it laws, and promised to abido with it for ever. Christ also selected witnossss to the facts of revelation— His Apostles j and what they learned from Christ and the Holy Ghost and wore ordered to teach tho nations constitutes ' tho tlopoait of faith' which the sucnessora of the Apostles alwavs watch and guard and transmit. In witnessing to any portion of thia dopoait they or tho actual church cannot err ; in their teaching they transmit it in its en tirety, and in preserving it from those who would pervert it. Christ, ' the way, tho truth, and tho life,' is with them. This, said ho, ia the attribute of infallibility which belongs to tho teaching body, and which makes tho dumb biblo speak in its true Benae, acoording to the standard or depasit of faith, to God's creatures. ' He then proceeded to ahow from St. Paul's Epistles to Timothy how this .deposit was to be transmitted. In it was found (said he) the dogma of Mary's Immaculate Conception. He afterwards explained in what sense Mary was immaculate ; that there were two conceptions - one active and the other passive — one in the flesh and of it, and the other, or passive conception— of the spirit aud from the spirit ? God infusing tho soul into the body. Now, he went on to show, Mary's bouI, clothed in original justico — not like,other descendants of Adam— was infused into the body. This, said he, is the special re demption flowing to Mary from tho heart of her son, Jesus. He afterwards related the hiatory of this doctrine and the ardent opposition given it before the days of the illustrious Irishman, John Dun Scotus; how his genius, soaring over every objection, destroyed all doubt. He then showed how it wa3 always held implicitly, whereas now it ia believed explicitly ; and how Alary was always hailed ever virgin and ever blessed ; but that now it is an article of Catholic faith that this ' ever virginal blessedness' roachei back to the moment beforo tho passive conception or infusion of tho soul into the body. Ho also proved how meet and fit it waB, and that Mury is ever respected in the church notwithstanding the opposition of the malevolent, the' ignorant, ami self-righteous, who take sentiment for faith, feeling for charity, and fanaticism for sanctity. He then said that her divine maternity was the key to the right under standing of all her glories, nay even of the incar. nation, and concluded a discourse of one hour's duration by saying, 'That on this day hope should speak to every heart, to priests and people, in sweetest accents, and bid all bo of good cheer for the star of the sea would ' look out from her shining' on all those who Jaborod to raise a temple worthy the son of the immaculate Mary.' After the Bermon a collection baring been made, it was a great Rource of joy to find that- £135 had been that day received from a good and generous people. . Then Father Birmingham again ascended tho altar to thank them for their great generosity, and to congratulate them on their love of the old faith —of Jesus and of Mary ; and tendered his special thanks of the young men of tho diggings for their munificent donation. He then remarked that on this occasion their priests could with propriety ex press their gratitude for the kind acts done, the kind words spoken, and tho warm welcome given them, in this as in all districts, by men of every nation, without distinction of race or form of re ligious opinion, and afterwards prayed tho sinless Mary to ask mercy and grace for all, both priest and people. Benediction of the Most Holy Sacra ment was then given to tho kneeling multitude; but, as it was the first time that holy function was performed, Father Birmingham, standing on tho corner of the altar, spoke a few warm words ex planatory, 'Standing,' said he, ' hero under the very shadow of the eternal God, veiled under the species of bread and wine, I wish to give you to understand the faith that is within us. ? Wo believe that by the power of Him, who created tho world out of nothing, and changed water into wine, tho substance of bread, and wine is changed into tha body and blood of Christ. We know, like St. Peter, that he has the words of eternal life with him ; we have therefore remained— grateful for that' lovo that did not leave us orphans. We believe this dogma as do two hundred milliona, inhabi . ' tants of every land, and gifted with varied powera of mind, and enriched, with different degrees of, knowledge.1' Having said a few more words,' benediction was given the prostrate multitude, and faith shed treasures of sweet gifts into every heart. Thu3 terminated the consoling solemnities of that blessed day, on. which so many hearts wera filled with joy, and many a loving act of purest thanksgiving was cast before the throne of God. One beautiful incident occurred that I cannot omit mentioning. About the year 1828 or 1829 the two first white men trod those fertile acres. At that time Mr. Edward Ryan, of Galong, accom panied by a Mr. Rose, followed tho Tumut river. from its entrance into the Murrumbidgeo, for several miles ; and on this bright day his bouI was filled with delight when kneeling in a beautiful church amidst hundreds of devout worshippers. When as a hardy adventurer ho first sought out those hills, his fellow-countrymen in Ireland were ealling, in bold and defiant tonea, on a persecuting nation, to grant them their natural rights — ' happy homes and altars free.1' On the 1 lth of December, in the year 1859, he was a suppliant adorer, sur rounded by genoroua souls from many countries, and rejoiced to see the cross, the 'star of a scattered race,' towering high above that virgin earth, and bidding tho travoller look on high, where joy awaits those who hold through weal and woe to God's holy faith, and do not deny Christ before men. JPlorcat Ecclesia ! Orwell House School Examinations.— On lust Tuesday, the Christmas examination at Miss Moore's young ladies' school, at Orwell House, took place. The examinations lasted for six hours, and wcr.? conducted by Dr. Bailey, L.L.D, The pupils were examined in the more popularly understood principles of Geomotry — conic sections, Natural Philosophy, Natural His tory, and Astronomy, with whioh they appeared quite familiar. The proficiency of the pupils was next tested on the use of the globe's ; after which the examination continued on History (anoiontand modern), with the chief eras and dates of Chrono logy, Grammatical analysis, Architecture (ancient and modern), Schools of Continental Painting, in ? all of which subjects the young ladies evidienoed ?'. careful instruction. The naturo of the British Constitution, Colonial Statistics, French Grammar, extemporaneous conversations in Frenoh, and translations from Telemachus, constituted a. leading feature of the examinations, in all of whioh the. . pupils acquitted themselves in a manner highly creditable to themselves and the conductors of the establishment. At intervals, tho young ladies played several elegant piece3 on the piano ? and flutina, occasionally accompanied by Binging. Specimens of Drawing and Penmanship were . exhibited and greatly admired. Tho spacious., rooms of Orwell House were completely crowded with visitors, amongst whom we noticed several clergymen. The answering of the pupils drew forth from the audience repeated marks of appro bation, and surprize was oxprossod at the unusual range of study which constituted the subject of the examination. The Professors of this estab lishment are — for Drawing, Mr. FowleB j for Music, Mr. Deano and Miss Bird. The corporation of Limerick have pre sented n silver cradle to tho lady of /the mayor, on the occasion of the birth of a sou and heir dur- , ing her husband's year of office. . 