MYKTERIOUS ADVENT AND WARM RECEPTION AT FRANKLIN OF A SOI DISAKT TRAUEDlaN FRO VI DRUKY LANE. (From a Correspondent lo the iiobait Towu Courier.) Some days ago, on the arrival of the Cul loden at Franklin, a ver/ mysterious and seedy looking personage, who had been unseen during the passage, at ita termination emanated from the stem age, claiming sundry large chesta and various great coats lit., as Ilia baggage, and when asked his name by the mate, objected to give it. In a day or two afterwards, however, he blazed up in a new phase, with all the politeness of a ' gent' of the first water, the pushing self-Introduction of a thorough-bred showman, and the taot ol an experienced traveller fur penetrating into the most remote recesses of the BubIi where a sawyei's hut could be found, equipped in * dress suit of black, with hat to match, an-! decked out with a profusion of apparent!.* gold chains, seals, and glittering lings, I In whole surmounted by a largo white umbrella : it was amusing to behold with what sdroii neat he presented, from a liohly embosMd silver case, his ctrda of address followed up \\-\ the exhibition of his pocket book for aut-! graphs of patronage, and then iant, not leant his single and double tickets of admission to a solo performance, shown by his handbills lo W 'elections from the choicest tragedies. The primary object of out hero visiting n waa, ai he stated, to make himself acquainted with [»»'«, (Jcfsotis. anil fiiaBuoiH, In uider lu fmnitli hiuisell with itisttor for the last volu:u. of all extensive work, ' A Panoramic Sketch - f the Colonies,' fiom which be expected to leal Ise £10,000— his theatrical undertaking ws merely of a minor consideration, tu iimliuei yuulti tlnougli the morals of the drama, anil provide innans of travelling. Before tl e |ieople had lime lo exchange opinions asto the who and what of- this living curiosity, he bad, by persevering industry and pel suasion, sold moie tickets than any other vi-iting performer, of whatever grade, who had preceded him, and persons began to think they bad boon dupod, especially when they heard that, without distinction of seats, Mr Kemhle, as he styled himsell had disposed of Ilia tickets for whatever he could gut— from rive shillings downwards — consequently, when the anxious time arrived for the exhibition of paits of Othello, Lear, Timon, Bhylock, Hamlet, Richard Ill.&c;, The seats In Brown's Asseo.bly Room were occupied, frout and back, indis criminately by ladies, gentlemen, splitters, nawyere, and linkers, In a state how oome you ?o ?' Tbe ladles seeing the state of affairs, toon made their exit, and so did all the gentle men except UioBe who walled in expectation of witnessing some fun. If even Mr Keml.le from Diury Lane, aa he announced himself to lie, could have proved his histrionic talent lo bo what he boasted of, bis mixed audience, by their stamping and unequivocal signs of impatience, would not allow him lo pout tray tbe beauties of his varied and fleeting cuarac tuns ; the dresses were appreciated, but some weie disappointed at bin not giving a littlj tumbling in Hamlet or conjuring in Sbylock, while others could not possibly see any differ ence, except in the dresses, between Timou and Richard 111., nor did they even give him credit for his energetic aspirations when ad dressing Ibe ? helemenu* in Lear. One old iuvalid lady la the Bush, whom our hero im portuned to take tickets, pleaded ill-health aiT an ein.fe foi not being able to attend, but being told by him ft would do her good,thoughl he inunt b» a quack doctor, and meant pos sibly to electrify her, as the only lime her hus band ever went over to witness an exhibition at Franklin was at the performance of a travel ling chemist, who, with a galvanic battery, cuied him of lbeumatism, and so the old lady in vain applied for the return of her money, beoaiise the nasty ImpoBlor did not electrify her as ►lie expected. Despite of the repeated nnu-ic of tbe audience and various intalude* pel formed by a drunken tinker, who was occasionally thrust upou the stage during Kemble's characters, he dragged through Othello with a white fice and Hamlet with a losy one, tud got as far as Richard when the audience could no longer restrain themnelve*, and ihe poor monarch w-s as sailed with a shower ot Huon eggs, fresh and stale, accompanied by a storm of ' rough whites aud tartam.' Richard began evidently to speculate on the damage I hat might likely accrue to hie ermine by eggs, lighted candles, and other unpleasant missiles, and rap dly di vesting hiniHelf of his diadem, sceptre aud robe, made one hound t'rom Bosworth Field (o the benches in the pit. ' from the sublime to the ridiculous,' with only hie under and inexpen sive habiliments in jeopardy, and, turning up his ehiil sleeves, challenged any ' blackguard' out to tight. Aa often as be mounted anil remounted tbe foruif,' lie was as often fiiored by Ihe boyx dipping them up. After a little of this bye-| lay , accomptnioil by the shouts of tho throng, and the invasion by the tinker of the sanctum sanctorum of Mentis. Lear, Sbylook, Macbeth, Timon, Othello, Hamlet, Richaid, and Co., the even mg'fi amusement ended rather abruptly, and the attiaetiuD of Ihe eyening retreated into the, back parlour of the Franklin Hotel to shake off bis royally aud quench his thirst ; however, the onteitainment was not to end with thst act, for having re-assumed once more the guita of plain Mi . Ksmble, of Drury Laue Theatre, and lately of the Franklin boards, he astume.l a pugilistic attitude of sell-defence, and ana thematized some of his hearers present as vaga bonds, cowards, blackguards, &c.; A ' set-to* was the result, but Mr K.'s antagonist bein^ tiie more active of the two stopped his mould and eyes simultaneously ; in other woids, he appeared next day with little to say, and under a bandage was a portion of a face much more beuttiug Othello than on bis previous night's ieprea-ntattnn when he appeared as pale as Hamlet's Ghost. 