COCKNEY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. London, October 30th, 1858. THE British Lion is dead, or, if not dead, he sleepeth. Louis Napoleon has just given him a kick in the ribs, and the degenerate old beast contents himself with giving in return a few drowsv growls in the newspapers. Remembering how apt he has been to show his teeth when mere mice have run over his tail, I must confess that I am ashamed to see him manifest- ing such cowardly composure when insulted by (with all his faults) a veritable Man. The Charles-et-Georges, a French slaver, was cap- tured by a Portuguese cruiser off the coast of Mozam- bique, and righteously condemned. Even if the prize had not been a slaver, it would have been liable to seizure, because sailing in forbidden waters. The defence set up by those who impugn the legitimacy of the capture, is that the ship was freighted with "free emigrants," and rendered sacred by the presence of a French "delegate." These eccentric freemen, however, were taking their passage in chains, cooped up like pigs in an Irish packet, and the vessel, even if not a slaver, being (as I said before) where she had no business to be, it is rather difficult to discover how the fact of her having on board an official who was perfectly aware that she was running her bowsprit through a treaty, can nullify her offence, instead of making it greater. Are French delegates, like British kings, incapable of wrong? Th matter having been referred to Lisbon, is being examined into in the appropriate court, when the case is complicated by a demand on the part of the French Government, for the unconditional sur- render of the cause of litigation. Two French ships of the line appear immediately afterwards in the Tagus. Portugal, convinced by these cogent argu- ments, succumbs, and France, like a school bully who has drubbed another fellow's fag without any inter- ference from the intimidated proprietor, indulges in unlimited self- glorification because she has compelled England's allv to knock under, with England look- ing on. The most disgraceful part of the story remains to be told. To save appearances, a British fleet was des- patched to the Tagus--with orders not to arrive until France had effected her purpose! In Victoria's, as in Charles's reign, is a "cavalier" Ministry to sell our national honour to the French? Surely this most dastardly affair, when inquired into in Parliament, will be sufficient to unseat Lord Derby, and replace upon his proper pedestal "old Pam." The second leading topic of the week is the abduc- tion, by baptism, of a little Jew at Rome. The maid in charge of an interesting young Israelite, of the name of Mortara, being a pretty Propagandiste, took it into her head one day to metamorphose the heretical little hook-nose into a genuine Roman. The sacra- mental words issued from her rosy lips, the sacramen- tal water trickled from her taper fingers, and the youngster that a minute before had howled a Hebrew, now gave a confession of his faith in a most vigorous Christian yell. The Church claimed him as her property, and, in spite of paren- tal and Protestant hubbub, still keeps him from his home. If this mode of nursery-maid evangelisa- tion--Christian kidnapping--is to be regarded as legitimate, British, as well as Jewish mammas, will have to keep a sharp look out, when sojourning in Catholic countries. They will be forced to import stanch Lutherans for the lavation of then darlings, or every tub and foot-bath used for such purpose will be converted into a font. It will be advisable, too, to have baby's hoods manufactured of gutta-percha, to ward off from the faces of the little Protestants, when abroad in their perambulators, the sanctifying shower which otherwise might descend upon them from some passing Papist. The Times suggests that even adults are in danger, and draws a fearful picture of an "active, strong-limbed young woman running a-muck on the Protestant residents in a continental town, and "reconciling" a round-dozen of them be- fore her hands can be secured. A better plan would be to plant herself with a squirt or watering pot upon a housetop, and thence to assail unconscious heretic wayfarers with the regenerating lymph--raising Chris- tians like a crop of cabbages--syringing Britons, as on board ship they syringe birds--for their salvation. The Bishop of Oxford--baptised in Punch--has long been known by the soubriquet of "Soapy Sam." He ought henceforth to bear the title of his pugilistic namesake for a gamer, harder-hitting fighter is not to be found in the whole of the church militant. He went down to Bradford the other day as one of a deputa- tion from the Propagation Society. A mighty army ot Yorkshire Methodists--enraged by his recent patronage of the confessional-- assembled at the place ot meeting, and strove to drown his voice in a hurricane of hoot- ing. But strong and clear as the blast of a silver trumpet, that voice pierced and pealed triumphant over the tumult. His lordship fairly talked his ad- versaries down, and--more astonishing still--he actually talked them round. The four thousand who came to hiss, remained to cheer. To an outsider in religious matters, this religious row appeared prime fun: to those who really believe in the Gospel as an announcement of "peace on earth, goodwill towards men," the fracas, methinks, must have a very different aspect. Votaries of that faith turn a meeting assem- bled for the spread of that faith into a scene of more than hustings uproar--what should have been a dove- cote they convert into a bear garden; and an episcopal minister of that faith --the man who ought to be "patient, not a brawler," can find, to rebuke his ob- streperous assailants, no gentler words than these: He is not going to be silenced by "nasty hisses from nasty mouths." His lordship seems to consider "nasty" a very nice term for a bishop to use; for in another part of his speech, when pitching into the Press, he talks about "nasty articles in nasty news- papers." Sam certainly may be pronounced a foul- mouthed prelate, with such a lot of nastiness upon his tongue. Apropos of filth, Mr. Drummond, at a Surry agri- cultural meeting, thus takes Lord Shaftesbury to task:-- "As to crime being owing to bad houses and bad water, as Lord Shaftesbury says, I do not see it. * * I think that advice of Lord Shaftesbury to be a bit of humbug. * * * The want of good houses and good water is not the cause of crime: not a bit of it. Mr. Drummond's instances don't buttress his argu- ment. Palmer, Colonel Waugh, and the Scotch bankers figure in the portion of the extract I have re- presented by asterisks as proofs that men who wash their faces and live in fine houses can commit atrocious crimes. Therefore, says Mr. Drummond, Lord Shaftesbury's theory is bunkum. But Lord Shaftes- bury never affirmed that uncleanliness and over- crowded hovels were the cause of crime. Hw merely asserts what every one acquainted with city life must know-- that they form one of the greatest amongst the many causes. To reason that because you find men whom a love of palaces (however gained) has converted into scoundrels, ergo, a pig-sty, with all its necessary misery and modesty- murder, can be no cause of crime, is about equivalent to this enthymeme: A gold-hilted sabre cuts you, consequently, a bone-handled table-knife can't. If plenty of water can promote virtue, the Crystal Palace, when the fountains are playing, ought to be a pious place. They played for the last time, this season, on Monday, when 15,000 civilians and 1500 .soldiers (the latter admitted gratuitously) assembled in the pleasant but, on that day, very pluvial grounds, and the magnificent structure, to celebrate the anniver- sary of the battle of Balaklava. The structure is magnificent, and the grounds are pleasant--starred with chrysanthemums, ablaze with scarlet geranium and draped in autumnal red and gold, they look, when the sun shines (about once a fort- night), exceedingly pretty just now--and yet I cannot say that, generally speaking, I find Crystal Palace the second an agreeable lounge. Although physically bigger it seemed morally smaller than its far-famed predecessor. That was æcumenical, this is cockney--a cross betwixt a museum and tea- gardens, got up for the entertainment of Londoners. A driblet of these--some two or three thousand-- trickled through it daily: just enough to deprive it of the cloistral quiet that the museum-student loves, far too small to furnish the excitement that a pleasure- seeker craves. Except on special occasions, the Crystal Palace suggests the idea of a vinous quaker--a molly- coddle trying to talk "fast.'' You wander listlessly beneath the mighty arch of glittering glass, languidly glancing at the treasures of art, science, and nature, that it covers, and cannot refrain from asking: Was it worth while to erect that, and collect them, merely to pro- vide a luncheon-room for those hundred sallow men and women who have the whim to take their ham- sandwiches and stout at Sydenham instead of in the city? Eating and drinking really appear the only ordinary cause of visits to the splendid building. Remembering the throng of all peoples, nations, and languages that used to surge, sea-like, through the metropolitan palace, you look with an eye-ache along the sparsely-populated nave and transepts of its suburban successor. In many of its long galleries you start when you come across a second visitor as if you had seen a ghost. On Monday the Palace presented a somewhat less deadly-lively scene. Mufti costume did now and then congregate into a mass, whilst the military uniforms, blue and red, decorated with the Crimean medal and the Victoria Cross, and contrasted with the rich tro- pical foliage of the Winter Garden, furnished a feast for the eyes that, like mine, have a "Saracenic sym- pathy for colour." Grandly the martial music crashed forth from the orchestra and echoed from the dome; but, as it died away, came melancholy thoughts of those who, in the battle whose anniversary we were celebrating, had thundered to the charge heroic as those heart-thrilling sounds, and like them, and as quickly, passed from earth for ever. Out of doors it was a regular Inkermannic day. Dense fog hung and brooded everywhere. It seemed absurd to make the air moister with the fountain-jets-=an atmo- spheric case of carrying coals to New- castle. When, whilst rambling up to the Palace Railway Station, I got a glimpse, over the park- railings, of the monsters on the "Secondary Island"-- Pterodactyles, Iguanodons, Labyrinthodons, Dycyno- dons, and all sorts of crack-jaw- christened Sauri, looming like ghastly nightmares through the greasy mist, I could have fancied--save for the puffing engine, the cosy cushions on which I lolled, and the cigar- smoke with which I was defiling them--that Destiny had put back the clock of Time, and that I was gazing on a world just emerging from its I-forget-how- manieth submersion, for the inscrutable purpose of becoming the dwelling-place of those hideous bats and beasts; or else--a more agreeable hypothesis (I for- got that I should have to go down too)--that it was just about to duck under again, and take its damp- demon-like tenants part of the way home. Tin; Heoistiiatiox ok Births.-We would .call particular attention to the advertisement, in another part of to-day's Herald, by Mr. Rolleston; Registrar General for the colony, concerning the registration of births and deaths. It appears that, in consequence of the fulling-off in the number of births, in particular, registered during the last quarter of, the year, it' has been deemed necessary to rennblisb for irnn'prnl infnr. ínatioii, that portion o'f the Act of Council, 10 ¡Vic., No. 31, sees. 21 mid 22, in which the duty of regis, tcring births mid deaths is clearly pointed out to parents and others. Attention to this formula is so very simple, and of such great importance, that its observance, under all circumstances, cannot be too rigidly followed up. Kxi'ouTs from Shoalhaven, from January 1st to 27th, 1859 :-3G1Ö bags potatoes, 318 ditto maize, 318 ditto wheat, 53 ditto onions, 3 ditto Hour, 12G kegs butter, IG cases eggs, 31 cases 1 cask and 35 cheeses, 28 coops fowls, 27 horses, 2G pigs, 3G hides and 4 bundles ditto, sundries.-Il/aicaira Mercury. Tin: Late M.ivdsh at "Ullai-ulla.-The two blackfellows who murdered their fellow countrymen the other day have taken to the bush, and are no- where to be seen.-Il/aioarra Mtnury. Kain- in tub Hu.sTrn District.-Heavy ruin» appear lo haro eel in ng iln. On Saturday, a hot mllry day ushered In n tbiinccr storm In the* afternoon, precidcd bv the n«ual Maitland edition of the Sydney " Brickflelder." The bricktleldi-r Is generally a very violent cold wind from tho south, lu inging o'oud« of blinding »luit; the Mnilland dust wind cones from nil pirts of Ihc compass at once apparently, and is often attended, indeed, -with miniature whirlwind«; liisliowoicr much los» charged with dust than tho " llrlclifleldcr," anil (¡oca not generally blow so hard. The thunderstorm on Saturday brought very little rain with it. Oa Sunday wo lind in Maitland only threatening wi-athcr till tao evening, when very heavy rain f'ct in, of tho thunder-shower character, and continued, at interval«, a good part of tho night. On Monday wo had a repetition of the same very heavy shower«, seme of thun of long continuance Only a few mites oat of Malt land the rain commenced on Sunduysoon nficr noon, end at Singleton we hear It began at 3. It rained haul nt Singleton, vro vvevvero told, all Sunday alternoon and night, but whether as hniMly a« here wc did mu learn. If these heavy ruins have fallen up the ilislrlot ns abundantly a« about .Violtlund, tho river will ceilainly bo in fresh, and any of our farming friends exposed to danger from suoh n causa had better take timely precaution«, In ease the fresh should provo a high one. Up to sundown on Mou iluy thero was scarcely any perceptible tIbo In the river at Malt nnd, though the miniature torrents flowing Into it from the street nt various places were cutting channels and undermining tho banks to n great extent. A letter received on Monday night froa Singleton, dated J.inuiry.list, says:-Riln falling since twelve o'olock yt-sletday, und every Eign of ita contimuncc.-Haitian* ¿Irrctiry. AUSTUAI.IA!» TIOUTlCUr.Tl'ltAL AND AoSICDLTUnAI, SOOIKIT. Thc twenty-fifth monthly meeting of this society wa» hi lil on , Tuesday evening in the Chamber of Commerce, at tho Sydney Ex- change, Mr. II. C. Burnell lu the chair. Owing to the cxtn-mely I unfavourable state of the weather, thero was but a very thin at- tendance, although it was known that un interesting nnd va unble ji iper, written by Mr. C Ledger, on tho history of the llama, ulpac», _c, commenced on the last occasion, would be this lime I proceeded with, Tho chairman having taken tho cluir, the j minutes of the previous meeting were read by tho secretary, and ' n short discussion ensu'd ob to whether it would not be better to ndjourn tho meeting. This, however, not meeting with support, Mr. Charles L«dger resumed the perusal of his noicsot Ibe point where ho had left of, nnd was listened to with much attention by tho'O present. Ho entered into a full nnd circum- stantial account of all that had happened to biuiielf and lo hil flocks of llamas since February 1852; de- tailing his and their hardships and wanderings. In that yi-arhcmadc, incompiny with a Peruvian gentleman, abrief visit to New South Wales, with a view to a-cortain how far this colony was adapted for the austen.nee of tho llama, willoh he there desired to Introduce. Tno result of tho obsirvniion ifcoa made was of a satisfactory nature, anil persuaded both that the dry cllmntotf N'ow South li "les would provo not unsuitable; therein bearing considerable resemblance to lliat of South America. Returning to America, lie rrsumed the anxious responsibilities which were entailed upon him by the almost insuperable difflcul lifs of hi« cntcrprlso-thal of getting llamas and alpacas out of Tcru and Bolivia, and the ultimate removal of them toa place of safety whence thiy might bo shipped for these shotos. In de sctibing what .ho hod to encounter, ho gavo nn ant. mntcd sketch of the manner in which he and his two men crossed over the Cordilleras in S'ptembcr, 1SS3, the cold, the desolation, and the dangers which they bad to en- counter, nnd under which so many would have sunk. After pass- ing through vnst solitary wastes, and plains of snow, they crossed the highest ridge 12,10,1 feet above the lovel of the sea, and found on descending on the other side nn abundance ol' excellent pas- ture. Hero ho soon afterwards met with some of his flocks, aud directed those In charge of them to drlvo them gently towaida tho Argentino frontier. In the April following, ho ugain crossed the Cordilleras, and cj.pcrlenced very great hardship of \ every kind, although ho had every reason to con- gratulate himsclt upon the fidelity of his soi vants on this and on S most other occasions. To odd to his embarrassment In that but half-cli lllsed country, attention was Invidiously ulled to him as being a Bpy, but the energy of Mr. Ledger surmounted every obstacle. In ono place, askod ¡.for his passport, " Don Carlos, tho Englishman," sagaolously tried hi» band as a doctor, anil having, by curing the Alcalde's wife of an attack of pleurisy, obtained that necessary document, ho went on his way rejoicing. Then the silver mines of Bolivia wero touched Upon, one of thom having been visited by tho weary footsteps of the wanderer ; anil n few instructive observations were made to tho meeting as to tho state of tho silver coinage of those ports, much debased by tho Government. Mr. Ledger was keenly searcbe for as a politloal offender, and eventually arrested near the Ar- gentine fi ontier by an officer and two soldiers, fnm whom no cleverly effected his escape, having mnnaged to amuse his captors until his faithful servant had got the flock under his charge across tho bordi r Into tho neighbouring territory. Mr. LdP"1" mentioned, also, tho extraordinary offeclion of , too Indian women for the llamas which had bwu la their possession ; following them when sold by their hu-bands to Mr. Ledger for as muoh as 300 miles-in some instances - and how ling and lamenting evory new and then In a most extraer1, dlnary manner. The Iaw.of Peru forbids the driving an olpaca, &c;, to within 40 leagues of the sen, nnd to avoid this law, the flocks wore taken by Mr. L. Into Bolivia, and thence Into the Argentine territory, where r.o suoh law exists. After getting across into tho Argentino territory Mr. Ledger and his men wero set upon by some Bolivian soldiers-if such they eould be called whom bo and his shepherds beat off without much difficulty. Mr Lodger even returned into the Bolivian territory, and v"-»**.*]'* mon cartied off a flock which the Bolivian authorities had eei'c bcfnro »hey got ocros*. Out of 1118 animals r.f the llama species, ho thus managed to get 728 into one of the Argentine provinces. Of these 372 arc now depastured near Liverpool In this toMy< *m audit onul 39 hal ing been born in New Soutli Wulcs. Mr- Leditr ceased to read from his paper on coming to that part wile- des- cribed his Bafe orrival in ihc Argentine territory. The rcatawier will, it I« understood, be read at a future meeting. On the motion of Dr. Douglas», M.L.C., a vote of thank« wai given to Mr. L. for his Interesting lecture-the Chairman also addressing to nun .evcral eomplimcntary observations. Some new membert «me j then received, aftiy: <*_lc_ the meeting broke* uy «heitly bífoií ten o'clock. 