THE AUSTRALIAN GRAJSTD CHAMPION SWEEPSTAKES. 'We informed our town readers by means of an 'Extraordinary,' on Saturday afternoon, that the Buck, Zoe, and Nutwith were first, second, f and third 'in the Grand Champion Race. The result of this contest is another instance in which 'the know ing ones' have been deceived. The Melbourne papers hare contained long accounts of ' the favorites' viz. : ? Sfron. lo. the Sailor, and Moor. Zoe was named after Strop ; but the Flying Buck was not thought worthy of having his pedigree related on the same day with Strop and Sailor ; and as for Nutwith, the sporting correspondent of the Argus said that he would make a good horse to pull in a doctor's gig, but that it was a pity he was ever entered for the Champion Sweepstakes. We hope soon to be able to present our readers with more detailed accounts of the winning horses; meanwhile we extract from BelPs Life in Victoria the following history and description of Zoe : — ' Zoe, a chesnut mare, bred by Mr. Icely, in New South Wales, in 185L, is by Sir Hercules out of Flora M'lvor. Sir Hercules was bred by Mr C. Smith, in New South Wales ; lie was got by Capa pie (imported) out of Paraguay (imported) by the celebrated English stallion Sir Hercules out of Para digm by Partisan. Floa M'lvor by Emigrant (im ported) out of Cornelia by Grasshopper, out of the imported mare Manto by Soothsayer, has produced the following celebrities :*— Cossack, Zoe, Chevalier, and lo. She was shipped to New Zealand with Zoe at her feet, aud during her career in that island has given birth to several first-class winners. Zoe is a rich, light-coloured, golden chesnut ; her height about 15 hands two inches and a half high. She has a beautiful clean head, bold, fiery eye, very prominent forehead, wide between the eyes, small, sharp, fierce looking ears, small muzzle; jwith nostrils as trans parent as a pure Arab. With this she has a fine, light, strong neck, very fiue at its attachment with her head, and slightly arched ; her shoulders, brisket, withers, back, forearms, and barrel, are the essence of perfection ; her quarters are short and drooping, but powerful ; he tail low set on. Were it not for these drawbacks, she would be perfection. Her gaskins are large, which, in a measure, tends to counter balance these defects ; her legs are set very well, in dependent of the many hardships they have endured. Her general appearance, in short, is this : — She is a powerful, bold, racing-looking mare, with evidently good blood in her veins, which is seen at first sight. Her quality, strength, end elegant shape, with a bold, fierce head, are her leading features. 'Zee's first effort was in the Welter Stakes at Nelson, in 1854, in which, under the auspices of Mr. Redwood, carrying 9st. 5lb., she put to flight Sym phony, Strop, Joe Miller, and Claret, and this per formance closed her career as a three-year-old. As a four-year-old she was beaten at Wairau by Strop and Zingara in the two-mile race, and by the latter in the Beateu Stakes, the black mare having a pull of 51b. At Nelson she secured the Victuallers' Purse, three miles, in 6 min. 4 see., Symphony, Mora, and Auck land Jack being behind her, but was beaten by Zin gara in the Turf Club Plate. A week-after, she ran a match, two miles, with Zingara, and beat her by a length, after a slashing race. At the Nelson meeting of 1856 she was out of luck, and had to yield the palm to Zingara and Symphony in the Members' Plate, and 25 sovs. sweepstakes ; and obtained only second honors in the sweepstakes after the meeting, which was run on the Rabbit Island, in heavy sand,1 Zingara pocketing the trick by ten lengths, Zoe second, Symphony third, and Australian last. As a six-year-old she again repaired to Wairou, where Flora gave her the go by in the two mile race ; but in the Turf Club Plate at Nelson her star was in the ascendant^ and Flora and Camden beat a retreat. The second day she came to grief in the Welcome Stakes, which fell into the hands of Potentate, but. was again in luck's way the third day, and defeated Flora and Zingara in the three mile race. This vic tory closed her career in New Zealand. ' Soon after the Wairau meeting of '58, Zoe and Ziugara were sent to New South Wales, and the chesnut mare gave the Sydneyites the first taste of her quality in the Liverpool Town Plate, in which she was beaten by a couple of lengths by Gratis. At Hornebush she ran a good second to Ben Bolt, who had 51b. the best of it, in the City Plate, Spilletta, Attilla, and Egg, being all behind ; but in the tliree mile race, the Australian J. C. Handicap, the verdict was reversed, and Zoe, with 93t. on her, won easily by several lengths, Ben Bolt (8st. 121b.) second, and Ziugara (9=t. 41bs.) third, the three mile3 being tra versed in 6 minutes 1 second. During this meeting filie and Zingara became the property of her present owner, Mr. Tait. At Narellan. she ran away from Eiiroke in the first heat of the Narellan Purse, and walked over for the second ; and the same day, under 9st. 91b., secured the Forced Handicap without an effort, defeating Young Morgan (8st. lib.). Wild Irish Girl, the winner of the last two Metropolitan Steeplechases (8st 51b.), and Julia (7st.) At Maitland she had a good innings, appropriating the Town Plate on the first day, aad the Railway Plate on the third, but Orlando made her exert herself on both occasions, as the time of the hitter — 5 mbi. 55 sec., three miles, 9 st. 9 lbs. — will prove. At Windsor, a quartette of the best animals in New South Wales contested the All-age Stakes, for which Ben Bolt was the lucky one, Gratis second, Lauris tina third, and Zoe fourth ; and the third day of this meeting she made her last appearance in public up to the present time in the Australian Plate, in which she ran second to Ben Bolt, defeating Warrior, Gratis, andXauristina. At the last Homebush Races she did not show, in consequence of a mishap during her training. About the end of June, la company with Ziugara, Jessina, and Mariner, she arrived in Mel bourne, and at once was escorted to the stables at the Botanical Hotel, Domain-road, South Yarra, where she has remained up to the. present time, under the care of Noah Beal ; she is looking as fresh as paint. There hare been plenty of rumours about that she is not standing her training, but there seems remarkably little truth in them. fo:% sb.3 bag advanced steadily in the betting, and at the present moment is as good a favorite as any horse in the race, barring Strop — not more than 100 to 12 being procurable about her. ' Vbltigeur,' in letters to the Editor of Belts Life in Victoria, thus describes the pedigree and per formances of Flying Buck and Nutwith. Flying Btck. Dear Bell — Flying Buck, a bay gelding, bred by Mr. H. N. Simpson in 1856, is by Bomulus or War hawk, out of Wilhehnina by Romeo out of Moss Rose by Emigrant out of the thorougbred imported mare, The Driver mare. Romulu6 was a thorough bred horse, and came down from Sydney. Wilhel mina was first covered by Romulus, but the mare again stood to Warhawk, and from the date of the colt being dropped it is more probable that the latter was his sire. Most persons, who judge of the youngster by his appearance (amongst which number, Mr. Editor, I am one), attribute his existence to Warhawk, though I believe it is the opinion of his owner that Romulus has the honor of being his pro genitor. His dam, Wilhehnina, is one of the best snares in the colony, and has already given birth to Flying Pieman, Jeannette, Balloon, Hurricane, Fly ing Doe, &c.; He made his first appearance on the turf as a two year-old at the last Tallaroop Races in December,' at which meeting he was easily defeated by Brownloek for the Moss Rose Challenge Cup, one mile, Brown loak carrying 8 st. 10 lbs., and the Buck 7st. He was brought out under the auspices of his breeder, and was trained by Mitchellson at Charlotte Plains. The colt met with* a slight accident about a month before the race, which caused him to be put out of training until within a week of his debut. He was started with but little idea of winning the race, but his owner was anxious to try his measure with the champion three-year-old, BrownlDck. On the fell of the curtain at Tallaroop, Flying Buck was sent to Melbourne, and was sold to Mr. Yuille. At Flemiug ton, under the care of Mr. Robert Hamilton, the colt greatly improved, and he was brought to the post in tip-top fettle for the 100 sovs. Sweepstakes at the T.C. meeting in March last. In this race, for which he was made a great favorite, he was com pelled to play second fiddle to Annot Lyle, who beat him, after a slashing race, by half a neck, the distance, one mile, being run. in 1 min. 58 see. On the 2nd April he beat Mainroyal in a canter, in a match for 200 -sovs.,' one mile, weight 8 St., performing the distance in the same time as the Sweepstakes, in which he was flogged from the dis tance. At the Artillery races, he walked over a match with Sir Edward (whom, by-the-bye, I saw offered for sale the other day at Kirk's Bazaar, and who has grown into a slapping colt). At the Ballarat autumn meeting at the end of April, he ran third and last for the First Year of the First Biennial ; Buzzard appropriating the prize with ease by five lengths, and Flying Buck being beaten by Flying Jib, who was somewhat indisposed, by a neck. This closed his career thus, far ; he is uow enjoying the sea-air at Williamstown, at the comfortable quartere of nis owner, who has taken several long shots about liis winning the Champion Sweepstakes, but I don't think that he has been backed much by the public In addition to the Champion race, Flying Buck~is engaged in a match with Flying Jib the Saturdav after the great event ; the Ballarat Produce States'; and the J.C. and T.C. Derby and Leger. ? i VOLTKKEEB. NUXWITH. Dear Bell — Nutwith, a chesnut gelding, bred by Mr. Huon, near Albury, in 1850, is by Tom Jones out of J-? annette, by Young Theorem out of Maid of Australia by Hector. Tom Jonjs by the imported horse Vagabond out of Xantippe by Whisker. When a two-year old Nutwith was purchased by Mr. Layton for £35, and was broken in and employed in the utility line of business by that gentleman for three or four years, and I believe that on more than one occasion he was actually let out by the day. He was frequently entered for a hack race, and occa sionally he managed to win a trifling stake. His next owner was Mr. Howard, who bought him for £50 ; and from Mr. Howard he fell into the hands of Mr. 1 — j ? - McEllister, who kept him for a short time, and then disposed of him to Mr. Beckett^ of the Woolshed, for £60. Early in 1857 liis present proprietor, Mr. McLeod, bought him at the same figure and a certain share of his winnings, should he be so fortunate as to secure any, that season. Nutwith, during the autumn meetings of 1857 in tho Ovens district, managed to pay his way, and won tiro or three unim portant stakes. During 1858 his stir was wretchedly in the descendant, his numb:r never being telegraphed, and his owner always entering his name on the wrong side of the ledger. It was not until the beginning of the present year that the feme of Nutwith (hitherto named The Colonel) com menced to spread far and near, and having secured the Miners' Purse at Wahguuyal in January, he came eut in great force at Wangaratta in February. On the second day of the meeting he was an easy couqueror of Ranger and Mosstrooper in the Town Plate, running the three miles in 6 min. 7 sec. ; and on the third day in the Ladies' Purse, welter weights, three miles, he again defeated Ranger by five lengths. At the Nine- Mile District Races, in March, he played leading business in the Town Plate, Fitzjames being his only opponent, whom he conquered easily. At Beechwortli, the same month, he had another good innings. On the first day, carrying 10 st. 1 lb., he appropriated the Publican's Purse, si two-mile handi cap, in heats ; Mosstrooper (8 st. 7 lb.) running hiin hard in both, but neither Bother' ein (9 st. 12 lb.), Ranger (9 st. 4 lb.), nor Fitzjanes (8 st. 7 lb.), having a ghost of a chance; and on the second day he was fortunate enough to obtain 'he Miners' Cup, a three miles handicap, Nutwith carrying 10 st. 1 lb., and Jumbuck, aged, his only advis-sary, 8 st. 7 lb. At a quarter of a mile from home, the twain were racing neck and neck, when the latter broke down. In the Squatters' Purse at Albury, in April, three miles, he gave Valentine thi: go- by, winning after a slashing race to the distance by a couple of lengths ; but on the second day of the meeting he was doomed to disappointment in the Town Plate, three miles, in which, carrying J-st. 81b., he was beaten by Junius (8 st. 11 lb.) by a length, and by Tranby (9 st. 8 lb.) by half a head, the journey being performed in - 6 min. 2 sec. ; but in the forced Handicap, the last day, he was again victorious, Valentine, at even weights, being half a length behind at the finish, and Emerald, Bother' va, and Halfcaste following in his wake. The last appearance thus far of the Ovens Champion was in the Town Plats, at the late Heathcote Races, in which, with 7 lb. penalty, he was an easy victor, Starlight and Acrobat being the vanquished ; but it is on.y due to the last uamed to state that he was pulled up by mistike after he had gone twice l ound. At Essendon he showed ou the course, but was not started for the Handicap in conse quence of, as his owner alleged, the rough ground. This I very much regret, as the metropolitan public would have been able to get his me:isure had he gone for that race. He is fcow quartered at Sam Waldock's staoles, at Flemington, where he i* being trained by that excellent light-weight rider. He is not without a friend in the betting market, and has already been backed to win at least ' a monkey' at about 100 to 5. VOLTIGEUE. 