îb the Editora <jf Ute Mai∧ Jlfercury. I n^rtrMrw-I havo seen by your issue of tiio loth Instant . G.'íT Si" is in thei field nenin about Chnrch endowment, that "Ich Dien «¡n tuonela »B^ J» d trio8 to imDue » on gSÄngl take notice of the production of his pen is : said ''"..'rim real voluntary principle íb not relied on for tho siip Jrt of rSKs ordhinnccs. T. will not speak of danger w th Ancetoll butI will say there is no hope of its being relied "Awes Against the real voluntary principio, as explained J'mv'fettor, bo farftom warning any, I would earnestly T¡U to ¿dopt it, and pray for the time> to ooma.when it shut] 3d most solemnly warn nil who value tue ic w?. Ji"n for it is a sham, a cheat, a trap, and a snore. KlÄv?now endmment in' tile iieid in its own identical ? ... «niinwmcnt now jumps from nominal voluntaryism wlour; endowment, nmv j i imcmse ïrfuP^NÔwtoto1 pôïnt:"Ifthe-'voluntary«ystemis .. n take ""«;..,"" tron. and a snare " (and I must confess that the BSr this demSus is painful tomo)-I say, then, if "Ich SÄ trae about voluntaryism, the doctrine of the Gospel is iX nullrod void. Christ saith " When I Bent you without a «*udS and shoes, lacked yo anything ? and they said, pffiT? Endowment aoith this is a sham, for how oanl go Auf'being paid for It. Christ said to bia disciples, " freely Ä freely ve give." »"' endowment saith this is a cheat ycAst Attie disciples, and commnnded them that they .hônm toÄuilng for their journey, save a etnfr only." Mut Swment says, "that is n trap, for I must have my pounds, Ei Ä through aflsh, to pay tho tribute'for himself and rae?-who Is to same ycstcrdV. to-day and for ever Europe Si tn know by a long expérience what Church endowment Ä do having stood so many courts about it, lately. It was Ä'toaM in_Scotland jn_l_848, and condemned.^ Z!m<\ lol lil Tho truth is, that all enlightened Ohristlansare ¿Ä that it Is a hindrance to the gospel, instead of helping It, vffimentblames Government for withdrawing tile £14,000, ÎAAing to withdraw the whole. Government Is fully Í«IflidiM ii for they know well that the revenue is greatly fi ndalreadyTand, if State aid to religion is to continue, they mtt Äpeople'accordinglr * -?'*"- T.'? "-'-""' is guilty of misdemeanor, and j Iliit Mr. Endowment is a long 1 . ,",. , taomU l> betterfor bim to be taxed with seven, while four only rat it back, and theshare ot tlio othor three aro divided among the four along with their own. So wo sep that there is something Stable about endowment. Now let evidences bo brought forrard by endowment why sentence is not pronounced against hin New 8outh Wales. Shall «vidences be round for it in the KmI Testament? No, not one, for then It would contradict the Kew Shall evidence be lound for it in the New ? No, not one, ita?thenTis would contradict the Old. For tho Netv Tertament li the fulfilment of the Old, and the Old wnresents the New in types and shadows, for they ire wrapt in one, from eternity to eternity. If we would only know what endowment both done, with its trains oí lawsuits, in Eurone, although it lies dormant here as yet-yen, it brings the wort of the Holy Ghost to the hammer, i.e., to the highest b dder So let all lovers of Christianity seo what endowment hath done, what it is doing, and whot it may do. I could go farther bit for the sake of those that aro labouring heavily ander it. and for different reasons could not get rid ont as yet. However when tile cause requires it, I must not «inch from it, because it is a sham, a cheat, a trap, and a snare to Christianity. l wonldnot use the paragraph if I could find one sentence in the Ufe and ministry of Christ on earth for it. No. but I find ¿hit his whole life, publio and private, are against it, and even warning his followers from It, for, said he, "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth; for where your treasure Is, there will your heart be also." Dowe suppose, then, that the Old Testament contradicts the Kew because our shallow minda do not understand it? No, no let us hear what the Apostle said-" God, who nt sundry times, tnd In divers manners, »poko In times past unto the fithcrs, by the prophets, hath In ihcto last days spoken unto us by IllsSon, whom Ile bath appointed heir of all things, by whom abo He made the worlds; who, being tho brightness of lils etoryandlbc express Image of 111b person, and upholding all things by the word of Ills power, when Me had by himself purred our fins, and sat doini on the right hand of the Majesty on high." By this we seo that Christ Is the whole substance of the Old and New Testament. And let us keep in mind that endowment dare not face the New Testament with Its plea. Aftcrallthclrcranccryforcndowmcnt,fellowneighbour,fêllow sinner, and fellow colonist, I wara you against It, on the ground of God's troth, to not put these thorns and brien as a stumbling block before the gospel. I am aware that a largo portion of the population are aware of Its evil, and a few more will judge for themselves through this correspondence. For my own part of it, I would never put a pen on paper to defend n causo which I know that the school-boys of the district would or ought to overthrow. We have proved it to bo against Scripture. I de- sist from going again to the field of experience ; we can prove It also to be against common sense. Every one allows that the labourer it worthy ot his hire-, but It Ihlrowith "Ich Dien" and go to Government for my hire, Is there any common sense In that? Was It not more likely that I would look for my hire from him that got my time and labour ? "Ich Dien" said it Is a good system : it compelí every man to do his duty. All that I tay to this it, that " Ich Dien must have a good lawyer, with bis conscience singed as with " a red-hot iron," before he can accomplish hit object. He said again, " It ia a system which hath the approval of the Free Church of Scotland m the mother country. 1 say, in answer, that four hundred and sixty ministers of that church condemned and disapproved It at ono meeting; and shortly after their number amounted to seven hundred, and now they are all over the civilised world, and condemn endowment In nil simpes andlorms (except ufew of them, and perhaps they are better without them). So you are far astray in your calculation, and though there waa no other erldenoe on record but the prosperity of that church alone, against endowment, it was enough to condemn it. You Bald again, that the Voluntaries of the colony are as a mere drop In the bucket, and In a free country tho majority ahould pull. Wo had you in your former letter del ending the little flock; but now wo find you with the majority pleading foul cases. Would you not think it would be better for us to go with the minority in cues where life and death are connected, than go with the majority against light and conscience ? Iimhort, I find little else in this plea but chaff and dust, and no doubt it will come to dust and ashes. And If, Sir, you look at the table of chronicle, you will find instead of the fifteenth century that it is 185». These points I did not deal with in my former letter much. I will now scrutinise a few of the sentences you brought to light afterwards. You said that there were strife nnd disunion in the days oi the Apostles-" one was of Paul, another of Apollos." O, yes, there was, Lut there is none now. They all had to complain of the body of sin and death; but if wo would follow their footsteps we would have no endowment. You refer to H'csleyaufsm, Primitives, Cnlvinist, and Arminianitm, ¿co,, is being contentious. I am not without sin, consequently 1 cannot throw a stone at them. I desire tho salvation oi them lill but am conlldent that endowment cannot plead innooent in their field of battle. Von said that thcte were in the church, Iqng bciqre it wat endowed, suoh men as " llymenous, Alexan- der, Simon Magus, and Judas Isc^riot" Yes, there was, and so there Is now; and I leave the reader to judge for himself, whether these men acted on the endowment, or on the volun- tary sjstcm. The deeds of theso men oro left on record In holy wnt, as so many lighthouses on dangerous rocks for us all, to not make "shipwreck of our faith." And endowment would do well to cry '. Watchmen, what time of tho night." Christ calla His church " Sty dove, my undefllcd one, and my beloved 1; one, and yo arc all one in Christ Jesus," But endowment titlle\cs in plurality of churches-, whether Esau or Jacob, friends or enemies, it appears whoever they ore, endowment will tgrcq with them In dividing tho spoil. Hut before the \erdlct Is given in tho judicatory on endowment, let us hear one more evidence-Deut. x11., 12, 19, " Take heed to thyself that thou forsake not the Lcvlte as long as thou llvcst upon earth, forasmuch as ho hath no part nor Inheritance with you." Will tho Singlctoulans still hold this child endowment in their «ros, before the publio ? But the Scripture don't hold It law lul, and put out its hand on the wall and write "Tckel" »gainst it. JAMES 3IACDONALD, Seiwood Cottage, Hinton, April 28,1859._ 