Saturday, Nov. St a. At twelvo a.m. the inquiry was resumed, Mr Sturt, assisted by tho same gentlemeu as ou tbe pre ceding day, occupied the bench. ' Mr Wy.-itt opened tho case for the defence. He submitted that there had beeu a disposition evinced by tho Bench to treat this question too much in the light of a coroner's inquest. The Bench objected to suoli a statement. Mr Wyatt must tell them simply aa a lawyer, that the inquiry had taken too large a rm'O. 'Probably it would happen that one of tbe witnesses would stond in tha light of a convicted perjurer, and have to take his trial for it. It would then be found that tho evidence was of too loose a charac ter. The magistrates appeared to consider that they ' were to look for anything which could by any possi bility criminate some pereoa, known or un known. The issue was, has anything been done to injure Mr Yuillo ? But the inquiry should have been limited to this purpose — 'Has any injury been done to Mr Yuille, by endeavoring to insert falsa and malicious nssortions At present there was so vague an issue tbat it would bo impossible to say whether evidence was relative to the issue or not. Much of the evidence was only pertinent to the issue '' wrongfully procuring the dissemination of false information.' It must be alio pertinent to tbe issue that the defendants had conspired to wrong Mr Yuille. If tha latter it was not within tho definition of the legal offence. Mr Wyatt then commented on the evidence. If it ranted solely upon the bvidenua of tbe boy, they might pass it by as on idle testimony. Tbo boy's version o£ hi3 meeting with G earns ; how very un likely that a person should coma up and say, without any preface, ' You must sayt.hat that race was sold.' Fur mora prohibit) than that, that the race was actually sold. He had already shown a disposition to turn round upon Mr Yuille, and he might have sold the race without Mr Yuille's beinga p'irty to it. Ho did not think it was necessary to affirm that there was a conspiracy with Mr Yuille. Ths fact was, the boy was a measureless liar, and Yuille himself ad mitted that the raco might bava been sold. Before this statement, the boy admitted that the public were likely to tbiuk tbat tho raco had been sold. The worst then that could be affirmed of his olienl3 was that they bad perpetuated that opinion which 'the public had already formed. Moreover, tbe boy was already filling tha air with rumors, Gearns had heard these allusions ; be desired a witness. Goyder goes with the boy to William stown, and receives from him a similar statement. They then ask him to oome up t;» them, away from the Williumstoftu atmosphere, and maka tho declaration ag'iin. And when this declaration waa made, ns tho bonch would bear from Mr ICelly, it was entirely freo from isny compulsion. Mr Kelly saw tho boy with a fair innocent couatonauce — the very picture oi in nocence, making, as be thought, a clean breast of it, and after leading the statement he said, ' Good God, is that true ?' If then Kelly was mistaken ia be lieving him to be making a true statement, how much more might Goyder and Gt'arns ? ICelly would show that there was not tho slightest influence upon tha boy ; that he was a perfectly freo and voluntary agent, with all the signs of repentr.nca on his countenance on that first oeoaBion which ho now showed in tha witness box. Why, tbon, should they be accused of malice in believing a thing so credible t And now with regard to liia recantation. Tho boy was threatened that if ha did not sip.n it, it should ba published with the evidence of Mr Yuillo, Mr Clou?h, and the magistrate, that it waa true, and ho would then he put in gaol for it. Under that influence ho signed it, and wider the same influence he had been . ever since, Mr Clough ond Mr Yuille had both fcluted tbat hu should bot taken iiark iiit-, his lnabU'V service. Som.jthinj; ha/1 been made of t!iu paltry 10 '?* hi'ju G'T-ma -jad ofi'exed to Coyne on his -?.v to !h PostOffic. ]t!ut wns not the promire of ID? a wu-.l 1'ir a twolvcm ;nth a very good equivalent to it, rj. pec.ally with the stimulating ii.fluence if tb sUtcmcat ^ th it a dozen were r.i.idy t - comi against him ,&ud; swear that ho wus a libeller He did not for a moment condemn Yuillo or Clench, ho only claime d justice for i^oth sidei. Goyder -vu Gearus, under the impression tbat ho was speaking the truth, tool* : ^ his statement down in writing, in a public room, t rj th a casual person aa a witness. Bu! what did Air Yuille 1 ''lie marshalled a whole cojirt of juslic.j, keeps a tune magistrate on th'j premises, and e ren has his detcctivo there.' A most extra- judicial procoedipg — not in petty pensions — without any of tbe formalities of justice — in an ob [ aoiiro room — iu a roDJote part of tha town — with neither apprehension of death, or any pressing cir cumstances to justify it. Why then should not the rasa bo r.-.versad ? (J oyder and Gearns the plaintiffs, Yuille, Clough, i.nd Macarthur, the defendants. Air Wyatt then quoted legal authorities. If tp'r'0 T83 a .CU3BP'-racy, there must be conspirators. If Goyder and Gei ,ms were conspirators, so then were all that had comn Juto the secret Bince. If it was for merely sending; the evidence of tbe secret, then the case was entirely crushed. It could r.nt be con tended that with tha best of evidr-ncc in their posses sion, tbey wero conspirators for publishing it. On the contrary, they would havo been conspirators against -ha public if they had not dona bo. Ho quoted a nutabov ot legal authorities to prove tbat tb;s wns not, however falso the information, an in dictable ofTtnco within the meaning of tho Act. '\',r Aspinull then, rose.- He claimed that the ease be uisaiissed. Tfi.oy were not culled npni to enter into a 'iurfUub dijem-ion as to whether Mr Yuillo had acted in an. ungsntlemsuly manner, whether he i hail iijld ihe r^cu. It was not to ba said that Mcbcjs Gearns and Goyder were to be at the expense of au exaaima.'.,)n into Mr Yuille's character. Let him go to the .t'urf Club for that. If he hesitated to do t.hat, the 'jefendanta wero not to pay out of tiieic poekots tile expeim of doing what the public and tho arbitrators, should decide — whether he hud sold the raco or not, lika an honorable man taking back into his employ the boy that said be f'.id. He quoted several c?.ses to prove that uo ehavge of con spiracy could hold against persons making a charge unless that charge involved a civil or spiritual offence, or to extract money from a person. He quoted, amongst other authorities, th-a Cock Lira ghost. Tha pkiiuiif (ir.ro l not take t,be public pa pers and answer their statements ; but ha Baizad upon the two persons on the turf wno, if they be lieved llut ho w.vi corrupt, took tho samo right course which ho did afterwards. If they wero of opinion tint the pulling insido lost the race, they wero perfectly right iu asking kirn if be was hones !, aud when he made whit appeared to them to bu tlu.i truth, they were perfectly right in publishing it Tbo proof of Yuillo:s involvement in the matter w».'j shown by his taking the hoy back again. No honrrablo man would havo taken tha boy bade, j whatever the consequences. The very fact of thn statement being communicated in ths ring openly., and rightly, nnd careiesriy, was sufficient to justify the defendants. Look at tho circumstances under which the boy recanted. Tho Scriptures wero introduced, and the boy, considered at tlio time one of tho greatest liars uuder tho nun, waa made a saint over a. piut of bail in a tuoruing, and all that ho said after that' was to ! uo tnwa ai gi'oj'ci. U'UIIJU nam uu*. m wtKluia minij at tho time that tha boy ought to bo whipped fo,r tailing the lies. Why, everybody kusw that i,he rnc ; wm sold. Wero they indictable for knowing it too I It mi(?liS have been sold b, tha boy himself vrithout Yuille's having anything to do with it. Was it then a conspiracy fur them t'j know that tin race had been sold ? It was ho far only a mittsr of inquiry iov thi j | Turf Club. To such au inquiry an hou 'rabJa mam would have said, it' ho thought the ri^bt h-ir«-* hati won, 'Very well, I'-fc them run agaiust cacli other in the next race.' But there were n series of contests. He was was the importer cf Warhawk, and he owtio l tha Flying Buck. Flying Buck won ths race, li;* had backed him heavily. In tbe naxt racj Buzzaifd cams forward, and lie was afraid that tha Btiek would, run inside. Yes, his beftin^s were very limited on tha second occasion ; tbey wero very heavy on the fir.it. | For this reason Yuille was mueh saspfuiiod, anel he found it neceisary to po3t up a uotic ; beforehand, that he was not the owner of Buzz ml. Thoro was a course for an honorable n»an. Aeaiu, for wh it reason j did he give such ridiculous instruo'ions to a boy whom 'i ho considered a good rider ? He knew the boy could not ride, but then ha was honest, if he was a good j j'idgo of ridintr, then ho must ba a vory pvjr judge of I honesty, and ba was so satisfied of hii honesty that he j discharged him and got a heavier boy ; and ho was j bo honorable himself that be put up a nolice that he was not going to swindle the public, and then camo into court lika a gentleman too honorable to be ques- « tloned (unless by himself) to pooh-pooh and baw-haw all mankind out of court. His t'.cir.eauov was not tbat of a mau who came forward, fairly, openly, aud straightforwardly to say ' Well, if the race was sold, it was not sold by me.' No ! his orders were for tho boy to win. Did he then foresea that he was (o lose ? He ordered him to win ; not to lean inside, and ho fore Baw that it would be a close race, ct citcra. He backed the colt very heavily on tho first occasion to hive such a poor opiuion of him oa the second. Ah! but | the Buzzard was an entire and tha Busk was not. j. And the Buck having won, it must hiiva been tho | Buzzard that wns kept baelc. But now tha Buzzard was to win. If a thred of character remained to biin, j it must bo of old standing ; for most assuredly he I had not acquired it lately. And forsooth he pretended | to take tho boy back from Ecriptural and religious mo- i i:-. S »„ I biYtai .uniJCL uo Wrtu I'-' uiiuan tuu uuy, ami. i brow him ovorhoard directly his purpnso was served, or else ho was gointr to keep bi n, let him ride, and ckeit his owner. That was like an honorable man ! Well, this honorable man goes to a publio houso wherci tho landlord is quite as honest as the magistrate) Macarthur, who goes there too with tho Biblo in L'.i ha\d, ar.d a man who has no connection with either tbi boy or his master, acts as a go- between the two of thnm. Well, lie said he did not promise tire boy to tnkn bim back again. But lis told Clough betweeu the lima tli&t; he made the statement aud was sworn iu, and in his preaenca, that ho would do so, and then the magistrate makes his appearance with a Bible, amongst pots of beer and tears, to complete the asene. And be desired now to convince tho magi £ trite ibat he was innocent; but their opinion would be that he sold the race, and that the bay sold hira too, because ha did not keep his promise, and because tha boy thought he was not' to be rewarded for hia superior strength over young Yeaud. Then thi boy went aud told the truth, and it was proved to be (ho truth, by beim; simply what nil the world believed at tbe time. He (Mr Ajpinall)h6pedthat Air Yuillewould ba ablo to show to the Turf Club that it was not so. It might bo a conspiracy to injure his ehfu'iiter, but it could not ba said to be a conspiracy to commit fraud. At irost it was a conspiracy to bring tho ca3e before ths public. And was ho to come with such a principal witness as Coyne, with 'such a wit ness .as Clough, whoso whole behavior from be ginning to end proved him a liar, with a man lika Maoartbur to fix lbs matter — fix it so that the witness should not ohange his story because ho had sworn it ! Why, Mr Yuills would not believe him ou his oath after he had sworn it, but must needs have a detec tive to look alter him, nor wouldj be believe Mr Yuille, uor Mr ' Clough .cither of them. And yet the magistrates wero to be told thot they were to bolievo them ou oath. If thoy were to commit tho defendants, why should they not rather, commit Yuille ? . Could tbey gat over the oircuustaucj that he had the boy back again, that betook care to keep this penitent boy in a room under tho custody (if a detjutiva ? That ho had got Macarthur to frighten the boy into n belief that it would be perjury for him to go from his second statement, false or true, because tbey had got this magistrate to commit a misdemeanor ? Ho trusted lint the A ttomey-General would- prosecute him and cut him oif from tho magistracy for it. Sach were the three supporiers of tha p'ainjiff's case. As to the da- ! fendants, everything they had done wa3 aboveboard and open in trying to expose a swindle. Ho hoped, therefore, that the bench would give tho caso agaiust Mr Yuille without calling a single witness, so that Mr Yuillo might not bo aware what casa ho would have to meet at the Jockey C ub. Tho case r.s it j stood was tho very oise that would havo Gtood against tho reporters who had given their opinions in the public journals. Ec trusted (hey would do so. It would have been more honorable of Mr Yuille to bava applied to the Turf Club ; and it would be most honor.vble for Ihem to dismiss the case and tell him so. Mr Jones requested lo know if Mr Aspinall applied for a non-3uit, not intending to call any witnesses ; if so ha had some observations to make iu reply. ? Mr Aspinall said that there was no evidence of a conspiracy, and asked for the case to be dismissed at onca, . IIu would call witnesses if necassary. . Attar a short oous iitatio.1. the Bench requested a fow wituesses lo be called, in ordar to akoi'/ good j groaada for tha defendants' btiiuving that the race j had been sold.: j Mr Kelly waa cnlltd, and entered tLo bor. 8 William Laiuu.lut KclJy, rxauimcti hy Mr As A l'iu'dl : I am the proprietor of the Argus Hotel. ° I know 'J'boims Goydur. I knew hitn aa a child iu ' ltiigland, Hu was at my hotel recently. I do not ? remcmVr tha day. I saw hira with Thomas C 'jne s and I'l.o ler ir.au ou the day in question. Tbey J came into mv placa to ask for a private room. I told ; lhemlhMe was no place but the restaurant, with tho , wsiicr in it 1 hey ai id that would do very well. Aa far a°. I lextaber, r.bout ton minutes afterwards, ; Goyder cam ; down. Hu said, ' Will yo i walk up 1 stair* ?' I wtnt up there, and ha said ' WiU you ' have any objection to tign a document. He read it. i , After readi.ii; it I said, ' Good God, is that tiin C' i Coyne ssid, ' Yes, every word of it.:' I Bigried it, i and I Iftft the room and went down stairs. Tbe wiitcr waa. thero all tbe time. Tbe manner of the j boy was as if he was telling tbe truth. That waa all lb; conversation that took place. The boy signed the | document moit wiiliogly. Ho waB at my house j again tba text day. These three parties were not j thero beforo. The third man I never saw beforo or ; sineo. I had never Been the boy before, j By Mr Sturt: It was read over in the boy'3 pre souc?, nl-iud. Previous lo reading it, I had uo idea about tho document. I thought tbat it waa BOino sub contract. I hid nerer hoard anything about tbo raco being sold. I take 110 interest in it. I did not fc'eo it. I only knew what I read in tbo Argus. By Mr AnpiLall : The boy signed it without telling. By Mr .Tones : Then, if he was told beforehand that he was to sign i: with a willing air he did fo ? Yea Tbey mijjht have been there before, and then gone out and found Goyder. If so, I did not know it. For tba moment I believed that Coyne was telling the truth. ? By tho 3euch : Goyder sat down and read the wbola document, every word of it. It was my impression that ho read it, that I might know what it was tbe boy wassifniirg. I did not take any interest in it beforehaud- I dou't believe iu being imported into these matters. Cbarles Gordou, examined by Mr Aspinall : I am at present working on the railway, I know Thomas { ,nvni*. T I...* mi ? . uujuc. x iiiw mc weruy race oa 1110 i',Bt xnur3uay in the month. I saw him before and aftor the race. Uotiiing particular passed beforo tile race. After it Tlmijas Coyne came up to me ; at least he met mo in the sadd'inf! paddock. He said, ' Well, what do ysu think of it ?' I said, ' I don't know what to thick | of if, I have my private opinion.' He said, 'Well, I rode according lo ord.'ra. It will all come out Bome day.' I said, 'What made you take him inBide t' He answered, ' I acted exactly according to orders. Well, a good many people will think it's a sell.' By Ihe Bench : It wtu almost immediately after be got off tba horse iu tbo saddling paddock. By Mr Aspinall : I said, ' Well, I shall reserve.' (Thanks to tbo insans arrangement of tbe reporters is ox, it is impossible fjr our reporter to say whether tba word win reserve, or preserve, or couservo, or anything very much like all threo ) Thorn were a good many peoplo about at tho lima. It was about half au hour afterwards, I w.is in tho saddling paddcok befai'-' the race, and in tbe grand stand during ik. I saw tha vice. I sit t tho Buck leading up lo the gate. Then I saw Buzzird pus bim. It was under tbo hill. I held a very good glas3 iu my hand. I observed the Buck hard held, and I dare say almost at the turn of tho straight runuiu® lie was twenty lengths behind- At the turn of tbe running he let go ; and the way that ho pulled up then wjs wonderful. I observed the Buck hanging on tbe inside, almost all tho way round. I thought tbat ho was doing very wrong to tako tho inside. By leaving tba otiia.-s the rider has a great chance of jockeying. Joikuying is holding tha whip cn the left hand side before a horEe'o eyes. It is well known that a horse won't raco with a whip before his nose. fj„ H,« T!.„~l. . 111., I. ? ? 1 ? ... 11. . ?ujf VUC UMliU ; 111!, UUldC IV UAUglUg OU tU'J iuside. By Mr Aspinall: I saw the ilurzvrd win. The Buck w.is eviden'.ly hangiug on tbo inside. It is thaj jckiy's hmi-css to prevent that. Tha Buck was leading, and could have taken ths outsi le if ho had thought propsr. Hs was banging a little on tbe in sido. He was a milo away from me, aa far as I can SH.V. By the Bjnch : I have heard a great many express an opinion tbat the race was not a fair one, almost immediately after tbe race, beforo I had read it in the Argus. Thero ivaa a very general opinion that it was sold. It was publijly expressed. By Mr Aspinall : I bad hcurd it said that it was a i aeli, befora the boy's statement. By Mr JoneB: I bad heard tbe boy deny it several times previous to his statement. I denied it myself. He was tweuty lengths behind, close under the bill. The conversation happened by tha boy coming to mo ?svitbiu half an hour. I never spoke to Mr Goyder until this morniag. I camo here to day voluntarily — by a subpoena. (U;iars of laughter.) By Mr Aspinall : Notiu tbe custody of a detective, I beV.t-.v2. No. By Mr Jones : Tho night beforo last Air Yuille saw me. Mr Geavan did no: ask me what I was going to say. Hs askud ma whether I had any conversation with the boy. I mud ''Yes.' He aBked mo what the boy said to me. I fifed in (be same homo with tbe buy fir a fortnight after tho Champion raco. By tba Beuch : I have said many times that it was my impression that the race was ruu f. ir. I washi'ro the first day of the trial. I went to Mr Gearna and told him tbat the boy had had a conversation with zne. Air Jones : Oh. Mr Aspinall : Aud the boyhad had one ! — Yes. (Laughter.) By tbe Bench : I was sitting iu a room of the hotel, at Williamstown, with Airs Eocd and all tho boys, when they had a conversation in tho matter. I heard a conversation between Mr3 Ileed and Air Yuille. By Mr Joaes : I had a conversation with Air fi xuitie. 1 said to mm, ' Am I tue Charlie allude J I to a3 being the pillar of tho case against him ?'. Air ] Air Yuille, in reply, asked me if I was 11 witness iu the c«e. I said ' No, not that I know of.!' That was the night beforo last. I had not been subpeeaaed then. He asked me what I thought of it. I said, 'I don't know ; ' I dare 'say it was all fair and nquare.' Tbo B^ucli : Then you had two opinions, Mr Aspinall: No! He did not want to give the .only opinion he had. (Laughter.) It was a delicate matter. By Mr Jones : I c 111:0 down to tho Police Court. T faw Mr Gearns.' I Baid to bim Good morninp,' and he said lo mi 'Good morning. (Liughter.)' We had a little privato conversation. It waB a dry one. j Wo went up a right-of way at tho back of Jordan's. , I darb say that I did. say —I have got a little bit of information for you Mr Jone3 : That will do you good, old fellow. Witness : I did not Bay, old fellow. (Laughter.) He said, ' II you bava got anything to_ say I will go for a Bubpcoua,' Ho had not tbe slightest idea of what I was going to prove. He said, ' Come along with me,' and \va went to Mr Vardy's. He procured a Bubposua. He took down what I had to say. I gave I bim a rough outline. Air Jones : Which you have filled up now, I sup | pose ? By Air Wyatt : I don't know Mr Goyder. I have mado a bet with him onoe or twice. : By Mr Aspinall : I overheard this conversation incidentally I felt no doubt about tbo meaning of iit. Mr Yuillo was making remarks about the placo .eot being select, Mr Aspinall : Yea ; ho wants 3 place Eelect for bis boys. (Laughter.) Samuel Waldock, examined hy Mr Aspiuall : I am a. jockey. I know Thomas Coyno, I saw him at the Artillery races. I heard him say in tho dressing room, whilst taking off my j\oket, directly after the Artiljery Handicap, that he was loaving Yuille soon, I lie supposed, and if ho did not Ircat bim better, he \- would show them all up. He was not going to be f humbugged. That was before Themes Coyne's stato ' inent appeared in the Argus, ft was between two and three o'clock, I saw Air Gearns about two i days ago. Snell and Monnghau wero there. 1 Coyne was addrensing his discourse to Monaghan. I rode in the Derby. I saw how tbe Buck and tho Buzzard rode, I waa riding Crucifix in tho same race. I did not hear that it wns unfairly run. I did not take niiy notice of it. There are always so many sells here. (Sensation.) Wei!, there is never a sell without a buyer.' I heard it said that it was cleverly done, that it was a sell, &o; In fact, it was I talked about in tho jnckey room. Tho boys were all laughing nnd talking about it. Of course, . wo all have our littlo cay when we are together. (Laughter.) I did observo ihe race. I was licked when I had gone three quart:rs of a mile, and I' sat on my mare and looked at tbe race all tho rest of (he way. I saw it at the turn. The turn brings one nearer to tho rest of the horses. Tho Buck wns boring iii. I thiDk that thoy wero ho'ding tho horso in to get tbo money. I was confident that the Buck would win the race when he pulled in. I will swear that I believ.fd that at the lima. }Ia variud in the running, fl'jluies rode the horse nt tbe Arliliury races. By the Bench : I never heard tba boy chilf about how clevaiy be bad done it. It ia a o.immon thing for in to laugh and talk aboiit a race. By Air Jones: Tbey did not say to me, ' Ht-w about that last race you run.' I should hit thorn tu ; he nose ll tliry littd. I htive n iree conscience. X rode tbe l iyiu^' B-iok for Mr Sims n about a year ago. A 1. ant L;le (or some sncb i-.biiw) won it very easily. I bad heard -it hinted that I had sold that ' race, and I tried very hard to leirn who was .tha author cf it Iain aei'ber bcIIit nor buyer. I. will ; Swear fiat I never eold the race at the Derby. I j ''as rici-jg Crucifix. J was third in going round tbo I turn. Seeing Binjj pulling up, and that thero vnu a chance of passing him, I shook up the ware and J went in third. I have known Geams driving -i c.irt. j I don't know whether he has been on tha turf. I have never been friendly with him. I am an enemy of Goyder'a about a debt of five pounds. I do not offer my evidence. I refused to come unless I was Bubpcoaaed. By Sir Aspinall : After I j;ot home I said, that boy is talking very lar^o about that race, and I beliova that it will come out about the Buok and tho Buzzird yet. I did not say anything about it out of doors. I do not make it my busincs3 to tell everybody what I think. By the Bcncli : I never gave an opinion tbat this race was told previous to tho stotement in tho Argus. By Mr Aspinall : But ray opiuion was that it wag s:dd. I could have won tbe race on the Buck, I awoar. The witness left the box. Mr Sturt having consulted with his brother ma ti trates, said : It is unnecessary to go on with any fur ther evidence. The case is dismissed. Tha result was received with applause. The Court adjourned at ten minutes past trro; 