GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRES- BYTERIAN CHURCH OF VICTORIA. Yesterday at 11 a.m. the members of the Presby- terian Assembly of Victoria met, pursuant to ap- pointment, at Mr Hethrrington's church, Collins street east. Dr Cairns, the newly elected Moderator, presided. He opened the proceedings by invoking a blessing on their deliberations. The metrical version of the 56th Psalm having been sung by the Assem- bly, Dr Cairns read the 35th chapter of the Prophet Isaiah, appropriate to the occasion by its foreshowing the progress of the Church in latter days. After further prayer the 122nd psalm was sung, and the 72nd psalm read by Dr Cairns. Prayer having been offered up by another member of the Assembly, the devotional exercises concluded by singing the 64th hymn. The Clerk of the Assembly (Rev John Tait) then read over the roll of members appointed to the Synod. There were found present— From the Presbytery of Mel- bourne : Ministers, the Rev Dr Cairns (Moderator), Revs James Clow, Wm Fraser, Wm. Jarrett, H. S. Seaborne, Irving Hetherington, Thomas Craig, Peter Gunn, James Ballantyne, J. H. MacLachlan, Charles Moir, John Ballantyne, George Divorty, Don Mac- donald, David Boyd, John Meek, David H. Ballan- tyne, Wm. Login, James Kelly, John Moir, John Clark, Alex. Duff, G. M. Reed, Jameas Megaw, John Steele ; Elders— Patrick Macfarlane, Walter Thom- son, Geo. Bennie, John Watson, David Ross, Wm Robertson, Captain Ferguson, Hugh Hunter, and Wm. Watson. Presbytory of Geelong : Ministers — Revs John Tait, Andrew Love, John Cooper, Alexander Proudfoot, Archibald Simpson, A. S. Campbell ; Elder— Jas. Balfour. Presbytery of Cas- tlemaine : Revs John Storie, James Nish, Evan McDonald, and John Anderson ; Elder— Mr John Mackie. Presbytery of Ballarat : Revs Thos. Hastie, Geo. Mackie, William Henderson, Wm. Taggart, Alexander Adam, Robert Hogg ; Elders—Messrs James Baird, and Robert Haltreney. Presbytery of Kilnoorat : Minister— F. R. M. Wilson. Presbytery of Portland : Ministers— Revs Samuel Kelso, Dugald McCulmain, Robert Sutherland, Angus McDonald ; Elder — Mr John Browning. The minutes of the preceding evening were read and confirmed. The report of the Committee appointed to prepare the business of the Assembly was brought up and read. On the motion of Mr JAMES BALLANTYNE, the business appointed for yesterday evening, was limited to the consideration of—1. Sabbath Observance. 2. Revivals which have take a place in the Church of Christ throughout the world. 3. The Tercentenary of the Reformation. PRESBYTERY BOUNDARIES. The list of churches in connection with the Melbourne Presbytery having been read, It was suggested by Mr Craig, that the Melbourne Presbytery was inconveniently large, and that it would be a great improvement to separate from it all the churches south of the Yarra. Mr BENNIE was in favor of constituting the churches around Beechworth, and in Gipps Land, into separate Presbyteries. The MODERATOR (Dr Cairns) was of a similar opinion relative to Beechworth, but no report having been received from the Presbyteries, could not enter- tain the question. The Geelong list having been read, Mr LOVE informed the Assembly that a new church had been constituted at Rookwood, and some doubt pertained whether it should be admitted into the Geelong or Ballnarat Presbytery. It was decided to leave it to the church itself. The same conclusion was come to with regard to the Church at Back Creek and Amherst, equidistant from Castlemaine and Ballaarat. Relative to the Presbytery of Kilnoorat, the Rev Mr WILSON informed the Assembly that ...mem- hers, three only, were desirous of managing their number, by the admission of ........ churches into their Presbytery. From the Presbytery of Portland no report had been received. PROGRESS OF THE CHURCH IN VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. Dr CAIRNS then announced that the Rev. Dr M. D. Turnbull would address the Assembly on behalf of the Church in Van Diemen's Land. Dr TURNBULL then delivered a long and eloquent Address As we are unable to give it at full length in this issue, we prefer holding it over until to morrow's to giving it in a condensed form. At the conclusion of Dr Turnbull's address, it was moved by Mr TAIT and seconded by Mr LOVE, "That the cordial thanks of the Assembly be given to the Rev. Dr Turnbull for the excellent ad- dress now delivered, and that they record their high satisfaction at receiving him as a commissioner from the Presbytery of Tasmania, and their desire to continue and reciprocate the intercourse that has already begun, and they hope that arrangements may soon be made for receiving and facilitating this inter- course, and for co-operating more closely than hitherto in evangelistic and missionary labors. Dr CAIRNS, moved in common with his brethren by the deep and touching emotions of the address, in the name of the Assembly communicated the purport of the resolution to Dr Turnbull. He characterised his address as replete with some of the noblest fea- tures of true eloquence — the eloquence of profound piety, of gratitude for past mercies, and confiding trust in the future ; an address that would be a stimulus to his brethren in Victoria, placed, as they felt themselves, in much the same position with re- gard to the future which Dr Turnbull had felt thirty years previously, namely, a position of doubt and uncertainty. Seeing how great had been the pro- gress of God's Church, which had been pourtrayed by him, might they not anticipate an equally great manifestation of God's favor to them in the future ? And should their progress, now that the Pres- byterian Union was consummated, ........ only commensurate with the past ? What a glorious prospect lay before them. He looked upon Dr Turnbull's visit to them as one of the most en- couraging points in their history ; that God should have inclined him to come amongst them, so great an example of the virtues and graces of the ministerial office, as one of the first fruits of their union, was a fresh cause to inspire them with confidence in the promises of God. That Union had taken five painful years to accomplish, but, in spite of difficulty, it had been accomplished, and he trusted it would be but the beginning of one great Presbyterian Church in the Southern Hemisphere. RULES AND FORMS OF PROCEDURE. Mr JAMES BALLANTYNE brought up a printed copy of the rules and forms of procedure, collated and re- solved in their present form from the rules and pro- ceedings of other Presbyterian Churches in Great Britain and America. This document having been laid on the table, a discussion ensued as to the propriety of taking them into immediate consideration. It was moved by Mr Tait and seconded by Mr STORIE, "That the cordial thanks of this Assembly be given to the Committee, for the great diligence and labor which they have bestowed on the work committed to them by the last Assembly, that they be instructed to send down the number of forms and rules which they have already prepared to the several presbyteries and that these presbyteries be instruc- ted to consider the same as soon as possible, and to communicate these suggestions and amendments to the convener, and that this Committee he reappointed and instructed to continue their labors and report to the next Assembly." Mr HETHERINGTON moved as an amendment, — "That the portion of rules and forms of procedure now submitted be read over clause by clause, and that so many of these clauses as are approved be sus- tained and acted upon as authority ad interim, and that the whole be sent down to tbe presbyteries for their suggestions, brought up for consideration at the next meeting of the General Assembly, and reconsi- dered together with the various suggestions of pres- byteries with regard to clauses on which a difference of opinion is found to exist." Mr JAMES BALLANTYNE seconded the amendment, and after a long discussion, it was carried by a majo- rity of 21 against 19. In the course of the discussion upon this motion and amendment it was stated that this code of rules and forms of procedure for the regu- lation of Church Courts and Congregations was but a sixth part of the labors of the committee, and had oc- cupied them assiduously since the last general meet- ing of the Aseembly. In oonsequence of the informality of the discussion, Mr JOHN BALLANTYNEE made a formal motion that no speaker be allowed to address the Assembly more than once without the special permission of the Moderator, but as it was considered within his ordinary province to refuse such permission, the formal resolution, meet- ing with considerable opposition, was withdrawn. At half-past three the Assembly adjourned. It met again at six p.m. The minutes of the previous sitting were read and confirmed. Leave was given to the Geelong and Ballaarat Presytery, to sit in the Church this morning at 10 p.m. SABBATH OBSERVANCE. The following overture, on this subject, was sub- mitted by the Rev CHARLES MOIR : — Whereas the different forms of Sabbath desecration that prevail in this colony make it a very imperative duty on the ministers of this Church to lift up their voices against this increasingly great evil, it is hereby overture by the Presby- tery of Melbourne to the General Assembly, appointed to be holden on the first day of November, 1859, to consider the propriety of issuing a pastoral letter to the members and adherents of this Church, and of recommending its ministers to preach on this subject, and otherwise, as it may be deemed advisable, to bring this matter before their flocks, that by a vigorous and combined effort the influence of this Church may be felt, and tend, with God's blessing to the diminution of the evil in question. Living in St Kilda, he had a special opportunity of seeing the extent to which this desecration was carried. He thought it their duty, as ministers, to combine in order to put it down as far as possible. In doing so, their hands as individual ministers would be greatly strengthened by the issuing of a pastoral letter from the Assembly. He would make a formal motion that a committee be appointed to con- sider the matter. It was suggested by the Moderator, that before doing so it would be desirable to have the opinion of ministers generally on the question. The Rev. Mr Craig called notice more particularly to the large amount of traffic upon the Melbourne and and Mount Alexander Railway. He had previously been instrumental in getting up a memorial on the subject to the Haines Administration ; it was sub- mitted to the House, but nothing had been done, the Haiues Administration throwing cold water on it. Ths Rev. Mr NISH (Sandhurst) called attention to the desecration of the Sabbath by publicans, in which the law was clearly against them. In his own dis- trict two atrocious murders had lately resulted from the public traffic in intoxicating liquors on the Sab- bath. Mr BALFOUR, in the absence of any other speaker on that point, desired that some memorial should be presented both to private companies and to the Government on the subject, of Sunday trains. By public action in Geelong, Sunday trains on the Geelong line had been put a stop to, and he was by no means hopeless as to the same general result with combined efforts. The Rev. Mr SIMPSON thought it very desirable to distribute tracts to drivers of teams in the interior. This Sabbath driving was a more patent form of Sabbath breaking than any other in the land. Mr Sutherland found the traffic by bullock and horse drays in his district was as great on Sunday as any other days of the week, and the examples of in- toxication on that day were disgraceful. Another form of Sabbath desecration was the opening of stores on the Sabbath day, and the despatch of servants on that day to these stores, thereby preventing their at- tendance at places of worship. The Rev Mr WILSON very frequently met with travelling on the Lord's Day. He found shooting also a very prevalent form of desecration in his dis- trict ; wood cutting and washing were almost uni- versal. The Rev EVAN DONALD (Kyneton) stated that the township in which he resided was kept in a perpetual commotion by the passage of drays, and the conse- quent traffic of storekeepers in the township. He was informed on very good authority that nine- tenths of these draymen were anxious to cease travelling on the Sabbath Day, and were only pre- vented from doing so by the want of legal enact- ment enforced to prevent the rest. (Hear, hear.) Mr CLARKE (Williamstown) stated that the butchers in his district carried on their busi- ness as freely on the Sabbath as on ...... days. There was one baker who went round with a bell to deliver bread that day. The public houses also we.....ted as much as on other days, and....town was filled with pleasure and ......parties by means of the Sunday trains.......a former occasion the town was can- ....., and signature obtained to a memorial for restrictive measures. It was presented to both Houses, but nothing had been done. Dr Geoghegan had denounced the speaker for his action in this matter, and had got up a counter petition, which was also presented to both Houses. The saw and the plane might frequently be heard in private houses ; cattle were driven in on the Sabbath and killed for the Monday's market, and the bakers were beset with cooking Sunday dinners. Mr LOVE (Geelong) said that the bullock- drivers, asa a rule, counted it no sin to travel on the Sunday, as they said that if they were not doing that they would be doing worse. But they should have con- idered that the Sabbath was for their bullocks as well as themselves. (Hear, hear.) A few years since Sunday travailing was the invariable rule. Living opposite a punt, he was accustomed to see settlers and others, almost without exception, after spending all the week at the public house, setting out for their homes on the Sabbath. Now, as already well ramarked, the law was against them, both with re- gard to drays travelling on the Sabbath and to the use of dogs and guns. It only required to be put in force, but ministers did not like to press forward in such matters. It could, however, be put down by raising a strong public opinion on the matter, which would act in such manner as would make it disgrace- ful to deprive servants of the rest which the Creator had appointed them. The Rev JOHN BALLANTYNE pointed out that the subject had two aspects — the first, towards the people of God ; the second, towards the general public. He did not expect the Sabbath to be truly kept by any man who did not receive the Gospel. The running of trains and the sailing of boats by the general public, although a great intorference with religious persons, it was a very difficult thing to deal with. He con- sidered that for a spiritual body to appeal to the Legislature tor support was not a legitimate proce- dure. The only way in which they could fitly approach the Legislature was as private citizens, and it was by acting upon these private citizens as the public at large, they must look for the consummation of their object. The Rev. Mr HASTIE added cabmen to the list of employees who were greatly ill-used by Sabbath desecration ; and, in consequence of the general prevalence of cab driving on the Sabbath, he found that even good people, brought up in the habitual exercise of Sabbath privileges, were acquir- ing a most painful laxity in the observance of the Sabbath. As to the general public, it included a large number of persons who had once been Chris- tian professors, and these were to be moved by general appeals to their religious experience, where church ministrations would not reach them. On Ballaarat he was surprised to find, on instituting a similar movement, how large was this class of per- sons. After getting up a series or Meetings on the subject, the Ballaarat Municipal Council was no sooner instituted than it immediately put a stop to the unloading of drays in the township. He therefore advocated the presentation of a memorial by the pub- lic on the subject after the question had been fairly submitted to public notice through the medium of public meetings, lectures, &c.; The Rev Mr MOIR submitted his resolution formally thus : — "That the Assembly of this Church recom- mends its different ministers to bring the subject of the better observance of the Sabbath before their res- pective flocks, and that a Sabbath Observance Com- mittee be now appointed to consider the best way of bringing the influence of this church to bear upon the different forms of Sabbath desecration that exist in the colony ; such committee to consist of the Mode- rator, the Rev Messrs Campbell, John Ballantyne, Divorty, Clarke, Balfour, and the mover— Mr Camp- bell to be oonvener." The Rev Mr DIVORTY seconded the motion. On a rcotnt visit to preach at Brighton, he was shocked to see six men at regular work on the line, and he had since found that this case was not a singular one. The Rev. JAMES BALLANTYNE could see no better plan for carrying out their object than a pastoral letter. He trusted that it would not be shelved. Was it not to be feared that Christian people were in the habit of travelling on the Sunday in railway trains and cars. They had need to begin at home, and no better means could be used with their own people than a pastoral letter on the subject. He called attention to the frightful disregard of the Sabbath which prevailed in other respects, On Sun- day hundreds of children might be seen on the banks of the Yarra, children too of respectable parents. For this reason also he thought something practical should be done forthwith, not referred to a committee to be done. On the other hand they had reason to rejoice that a great change in this respect had taken place in Melbourne during the past few years. Nothing like the wood-cutting and washing was now performed in Melbourne on the Sabbath day that had been done in previous years. Nor was this city worse than some other cities. In London the Sabbath desecration was terrible. One half of the shops were kept open on that day. The Rev Mr CAMPBELL suggested that the decisions of that committee could be inserted in the general pastoral letter, which would, no doubt, be issued by that, the first General Assembly of the United Presby- terian Church in this colony. Dr CAIRNS, after referring to a periodical called Friendly Words, issued by Dr Campbell, suggested that a pastoral letter, on this subject, might be issued by means of these Friendly Words. The Rev Mr CAMPBELL explained that the Friendly Words was a publication thoroughly undenomina- tional, and any letter on the subject issued by the Assembly would, if inserted, probably occupy two numbers of it. It might, however, be issued as an appendix. The Rev Mr CALMAN trusted that the many in the bush, who, without any great sins of commis- sion on the Lord's day, yet habitually absented them- selves from public worship, should not be overlooked. The Rev. JOHN MOIR then adverted to the scenes which took place each Sabbath day on the beach at Brighton. Hundreds of cars and other conveyances arrived and set down bathers, who spent the time in a most profane manner. The next morning the beach might be found strewed with bottles, and all the signs of intemperance. And soon they might expect this to become a national sin in place of an individual transgression. At present those Sabbath breakers were brought down by individual speculators ; but soon, under the authority of the nation, they would be brought down by railway. Doubtless, the Go- vernment would tell them—"This is only a public demand which we are supplying,"— but it was one thing for the Government to supply that demand, increasing it themselves by supplying it, and another for speculators, over whom they had no con- trol, to do so. Some would say they did not intend to desecrate the Sabbath when they went out on their walks on the Sabbath day, but he feared it was not always the case. He could tell them of one instance, however, to the contrary. He knew a young man who, attending divine service in the morning and evening of the Sabbath day, in the afternoon walked on the beach with the Bible in his hand to warn these desecraters ; that young man was unfortunately one of those drowned by the dreadful boat accident on Saturday. Would to God that all Sabbath walks were of a like character. The Rev. Mr TAIT moved in place of the resolution which had been submitted. — "That the Assembly have heard with much satisfaction and thankfulness that the great evil of Sabbath breaking has been much abated by the Christian efforts that have been made in the course of the late year, but it still regrets and grieves to find that the holy day is to such an awful extent violated. The Assembly therefore recommends its different ministers to bring this subject before their respective flocks, and appoints the following com- mittee to consider the best way of bringing the in- fluence of their churches to bear upon the different forms of evil that exist in the colony, namely : — The Moderator, the Rev. Messrs Campbjll, John Ballan- tyne, Divorty, Clarke, Balfour, and Moir ; Mr Campbell to be convener." This resolution having been seconded, was carried unanimously. RELIGIOUS REVIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. The Rev. Mr SIMPSON submitted the following overture from the Geelong Presbytery : — Whereas there are good grounds for believing that the Lord in his great mercy is visiting his Church in different places of the earth at the present day, with the plentiful outpouring of his Holy Spirit, by which sinners are being converted to God, and his own people quickened into new- ness of life ; and where as such times of refreshing from the presence of the Lord are graciously promised to all who will but use the appointed means for obtaining them : it is therefore humbly overtured that the General Assembly at Melbourne take this whole subject into their serious con- sideration, aud devise such measures as by the blessing of God my tend to secure similar visitations for this Church and land. There could be no doubt that a .....aordinary and substantial revival was taking place. Judges on their benches .................. of all denominations, bishops in .......ges, and Presbyteries met in solemn .....—all testified to the diminution of ................. the genuineness of this conversion, proved by its fruits. God had by the outpouring of His spirit been quickening multitudes into life, who bad been previously sleeping the sleep of death ; and they would be sadly neglecting their duty if they did not hold themselves ready to avail themselves of this outpouring. As said at home, "It was a giving time with God, and it should be an asking time with them." As commencing anew their existence as a Church., it would be peculiary appropriate for them to offer to the world some special testimony of the reality of their religion Mr SUTHERLAND said that there were two ways in which Christianity was diffused— one, the still small voice of personal conversion ; the other by what the author of the "Natural History of Enthusiasm" traced through the history of the past, as by Revival — the birth of Enos — then began men to call upon the name of the Lord. Again, in the time of Babylon amongst the Jews. Again, in the time of the Pro- testant Reformation ; and even in the present time it was found to be a condition normal to the spread of Christianity in Ame- rica. It might, therefore, be accepted as a standing law of the diffusion of Christianity equally with that of the silent growth of parental influence and personal teaching. Having referred to the fact of revivals, he came to the mode of them. They were attended with various agitations of body, and convulsions. That was nothing more than a law of tha human organization. When it was recollected that the powers of the human mind were at the strongest but weak, it need not astonish them that the sudden influx of divine truth should lead to most unusual physical derangements. Seeing then that revivals had occurred in times past, and that it was prophesied that they should occur in all time to come, it behoved them to be instant in prayer for such out- pourings of the Holy Spirit. The Rev JAMES BALLANTYNE did not think it ne- cessary to occupy any time in recounting the details of this revival, spread over so great a part of the con- tinents of America and Europe, and so marked now as to be known as "The Great Awakening." But in reference to the procuring of a similar awakening in this colony, it would be well to approach the sub- ject with caution. If this awakening taught anything it taught the absolute sovereignty of God. (Hear, hear.) It had been usual to talk of getting up revi- vals, but this awakening had not been got up, it had come down from God. It would be well to consider the causes. A distinguished writer on the Great Awakening in America had stated that previous to this revival there had been a great and almost universal pointing of the people to the necessity of conversion, and the influence of the Holy Spirit had been greatly magni- fied in their discourses ; and thirdly, that special atten- tion had been directed to the value of several meetings for prayer. To the last, the most glorious revival in the world— that at Pentecost— was the result of pro- tracted united prayer. They waited for the Spirit day after day — in prayer, until the Holy Ghost suddenly descended, and three thousand were added to the Church in one day. Had they not then as great reason to hope that God's promise, "I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh," would be as powerfully exercised in this as in any other country of the habitable globe. Mr Ballantyne advocated the insertion of this subject in the Pastoral letter, as one of the most solemn and impor- tant which they could entertain. The Rev. Mr WILSON quoted the first nine verses of the 2nd chapter of Malachi, to show that a want of revival on the part of the people corresponded with a want of revival on the part of the ministry. He humbly advised that they should preach pure doc- trine, and set an example of Christian behaviour in their life and manners as the very best means of promoting a revival. The Rev. Mr Kelso, from the North of Ireland, said that it was too late in the day to discuss the reality of this revival. The testimony of all classes of men, the spirit of love which actuated all denomi- nations to unite in the work, and the remarkable persecution which it had received at the hands of the enemies of Christ, all proved the genuineness of it. Another proof of it was that the annual deputation from the Free Church of Scotland to the Presbyterian Assembly in Ireland, would not remain at the Synod, being anxious to return to their flocks, so beset were they with the necessity of giving consolation to those who were crying out for salva- tion. In Ireland, the revival commenced with the united prayers of two young men, who met to invoke a special blessing on the labors of their pastor. These increased to seven, and soon the whole country was awakened. (Hear, hear.) And why not the same in this colony ! Already there was a prayer meeting held at Warrnambool, which had produced fruits in no way leas valuable and marked than the great awakening which had just taken place in Ireland. Mr STORIE thought it desirable lo wind up the subject with a definite motion. He would not, at the present time, enter into any detailed consideration of the best means, protracted meetings, &c.;, to bring about such a revival. But he proposed the following resolution : — 'This assembly desires to give expression to its grateful sense of the Lord's great loving kind- nesa and mercy, in visiting with his refreshing pre- sence, many of the Churches in America and Europe, and would stir up the hearts of the brethren to wait on the Lord with much prayer, and to labor earnestly and patiently in the hope that He will graciously, and in his own time, visit in like manner this Church and the Churches in this land, that we too may have cause to praise him." This would, he thought, lead ministers, at all anxious in the matter, to devise means for raising a revival in their own districts ; to seek for conferences with other Churches, and to in- augurate special prayer meetings for the purpose. They all knew that on the gold fields, there were many young men who, for the last few years, had been as it were, wandering into a land where God was not ; but who now began to feel that they might no longer neglect their souls' eternal salvation. He proposed that, without taking any violent action in the matter, they should wind up the conversation with prayer for a revival of God's spirit in the Church. The Rev Mr CAMPBELL, on behalf of the Presbytery at Geelong, objected to so summary a disposal of the subject. In making the overture they expected some more definite action to be taken on the matter. (Hear, hear.) Not that he was in favor of a plan of revival such as had taken place in America being set before a congregation, and their being told, "go and do the same." It was said that impressions obtained at a revival might soon wear away. But he would ask why prayer, which would sustain those impressions, was not more frequent in the Church ! He trusted that the Assembly would press upon the churches the duty of more earnest prayer and more frequent social meetings. He thought the Assembly should tell them of this, and in the name of the Assembly should tell them that they need not look for any blessing from on high without frequent earnest prayer. He thought, too, that the Presbyteries should be instructed to take the matter up, and that a sub-committee on the State of religion should be appointed to receive reports from the whole coun- try. (Hear, hear.) Why did not they receive the Holy Spirit as heretofore ? Christ had ascended to the right hand of God, but the Holy Spirit had not as- cended. Sometimes they felt his might. But it was not the power of the Holy Spirit or the sovereignty of God which they were called upon to preach in order to procure a revival, but Christ the power of God, waiting for the Holy Spirit to bless their efforts. The Rev Mr GREIG supported the taking of special action on the matter. Mr BALFOUR proposed the addition of Messrs Camp- hell and James Ballantyue's names to the committee. The genuineness of the American revival he said was evident in many particulars. No extravagances had marked the commencement or progress of it. No special means were used to produce it. Prayer and communion were the only causes of it. Previous to its commencement there was a general inquiry on re- ligious subjects and all classes along the lines of railway seemed affected almost as if by the telegraph wires. And as another proof of the genuineness of the revival might be added the earnest prayers offered up by converted sinners for their un- converted relatives. (Hear, hear.) The means of it were earnest and continual prayer. Dr Alexander, of New York, in which the good work commenced, had given his testimony that no special means were used at its commencement. The spirit of worldliness seemed to have been swallowed up in the one cry for salvation, and so it would be here. They had but to ask for it. "Prove me now," said the Lord, "that I will not open the windows of Heaven, and pour out a blessing on you." At New York the poor firemen, the moat degraded and drunken men in the city, had been converted into exemplary and sober men. The speaker, travelling in a steamboat at the time and hearing music in the cabin, was surprised to find the passengers were holding a revival meeting below. Again, meetings of the same kind had taken place on the Grand Trunk Railway line in Canada. And the landlady of an hotel becoming converted, the rooms that before were filled with the sounds of revelry, now re-echoed only the songs of devout worshippers. The Rev J. H. M'LAACHLAN said ... of God was, he thought ............ for doubting His willingness ...... answer prayer. It was the old tale. God would not answer their prayers. But God was not a liar. He said, "Ask and ye shall receive, seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you." Let them then go forward in confidence, fear- oredro abundantly bless them than they could conceive of. The Rev. Mr MEGAW stated that one of the prin- cipal means of the revival in Ireland was the circula- tion of information relative to the American revival, and it was but reasonable to conceive that the same means would be made useful in this colony. God who alone was able to give the blessing, invariably blessed only the requisite means. Mr DIVORTY had been exceedingly refreshed with the uniform spirit of piety and gracious dependence on God which had characterised their discussions that evening. It was a great encouragement to them. In its historical aspect, this revival might be re- garded, as all revivals ever had been — a preparation for the coming of great trial to the Church ; secondly, as a preparation for duty, for more enlarged exertion, and for persecution. Persecution they had already met with. They had not much to complain of here. There was one paper, and only one paper in Mel- bourne which had falsely and wickedly, with biting sarcasm scoffed at the American revival. It was a fearful thing to meet the living God, and he might meet with terrible punishment for it. As a happy contrast to that journal, he might mention that another, two days previously, had published a full account of the great awakening in Great Britain and Ireland. That paper had risen in his estimation by doing so, and in the estimation of the Christian public generally, and would assuredly meet with a blessing from it, as would the other journal meet with deserved punishment for ridiculing the work of the Holy Spirit. At this stage of the proceedings a sharp triangular piece of stone, weighing about half a pound weight, came with great violence through the window, and narrowly missing the head of a gentlemen sitting at the same table, struck our reporter on the hand. Order. being restored, the Rev. Mr Tait proposed the two resolutions in the following amended form : — This Assembly desires to give expression to its grate- ful sense of the Lord's great loving kindness and mercy in visiting with his refreshing presence many of the churches in America and Europe, and it recommends the ministers under its superin- tendence to bring the subject in all competent ways before the minds of their people ; to encourage and promote special prayer for the same divine influence being poured out upon those churches and all the churches of Christ in this land and especially in their own public ministrations to direct the attention of their people to the work of the Holy Ghost in the application of redemption." Mr CLARKE seconded the motion. He thought it would be becoming in the Assembly to recommend public meetings, lectures, &c.;, for the purpose. The motion was thou put and carried unanimously. Dr CAIRNS in calling upon Mr Campbell to conclude with prayer for a divine blessing on the Church, said that he had never been in an assembly more refresh- ing to him than the present one. An atmosphere of submission and devotion to the Divine Will had per- vaded their deliberations, which was to his mind the surest proof of an approaching blessing on their future labors. Dr TURNBULL begged permission to say now grateful and thankful he felt to have been present at that dis- cussion. A greater sense of the Divine Presence he never experienced. Mr CAMPBELL then delivered up an earnest and eloquent prayer for a revival of the Church at large, and more especially in this colony. THE TERCENTENARY OF THE REFORMATION. The Rev. Mr SUTHERLAND moved as follows : — "The General Assembly have heard with much satisfaction that a meeting of representatives from the various Presbyterian Churches on the earth is to be held in the city of Edinburgh in the month of May or June next year (I860), to commemorate the tercentenary of the Reformation in Scotland, and do appoint the Rev. the Moderator of this present As- embly and other brethren, if possible, to repair to the city of Edinburgh aforesaid, and to represent this church at the meeting above mentioned. And the General Ansembly farther do resolve to comme- morate this important event at their next meeting in this city of Melbourne, and do appoint the following committee to make arrangements for the due celebration thereof. Mr Sutherland, at considerable length, traced the services of the Scotch Church in carrying out the Reformation, and the advantages which would re- sult to the world at large by the proposed gathering, and to Victoria especially, from the deliberations of the Synod proposed, not only in the matter of Church government, but in the collating of religious intelli- gence, but also in the evokement of a brotherly feeling, and in the settlement of one great plan of harmonious effort. Not being seconded, his motion fell to the ground. He then moved the second clause of it, which being secnded by Mr Geo. Mackie, was carried un- animously. The proceedings terminated a few minutes after ten p m. with a benediction from the Moderator. The order of business arranged by the committee for to-morrow's (this day) sitting, to commence at eleven a.m., is as follows : — 1\. Rules and Forms of Procedure. 2\. Report from Convener of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund Committee. 3\. Overture for the training of a Native Ministry. 4\. Arrangements auent a regular supply of Minis- ters from Great Britain and Ireland. 5\. The relations which this Church should hold in reference to other Presbyterian Churches. 