'A POLICY,' FORSOOTH! A writer in the M. A. Mail thus trenchantly dis poses -'f the prctenccs the Ministry have made ns to ibcir possi ssion of 'a policy': — I have heard k said, It's ail very fine for '!'7on j K'f-C.or' to pick oat come faults in tiie ministerial | nets; uo iniuirtry is faultless; why docs ha uot j attack the ministerial policy ? The plain truth i?, if I I must tell, I a tu afraid. If I am compelled to go beyund, attack the ininisteml^icts which I take to be tho hcEt tt.st of their policy whatever it nny be, I am then driven iuto a corner, and ault throw down my pen. I cannot tight ghosts nor pursuo will'o tbe wisps. 1 cannot find anything to term a policy snrdlv in Mr TTirfep.r's iirnnrinz the milling interest in his political Jiin Crowisica on Si..to - ai'l, or bis pension views. Uvana's New Z.ulund contracts, and hU reminiscences cf what he saw as a boy in the Ilouse of Commons, are scxrcjly fit to I e style 1 a policy. Ciiipaian's aban donment of the population basis of the lw-lorm B'.'l, and iacrificu of twenty-five par cent- of the mining members, with his dignified silence in the House, cannot entitle him to tbo rank of the bolder of a political p.Iicy. Can Mr Miller's Ajimella job, Iiia lasurai.ee Company, hij Railway Debentures, raise a po.'ijy for hioi ? Da*s .Mr Ireland's Mining Associa tions Act, or his Leasing liegulations. or hi3 Kmerald Hill declaration of how Qjvernm;nt offices should be fill d, sljad him instead of a policy ! Does Mr O'Shannssy's ministerial statement of intention to do ereat things for tuo miners, and );i3 noN-fulfiiment ot his promise to them — or the AdmelU case, or Regie's or the Kiilway Debenture?, or tha Brown's dig tfiniis leasing, constitute a policy ? Assuredly none i.t' these things are likely lo be set up by t'atir fitannehest supporters, us ci'.hcr the individual or corpora's poliay t-f tlii !uerahc:s of i.Ue ministry. If [ casi r..y eyes over their whole career since they assumed oiliee, I find but ono |-riuci:..ie or policy in which there i3 a c jinei itnco of opinion — the ministers :ire laws i nto theiaselve-s, doinj what is right Ju thsir own eyi'a —holding all qaestions of real import ?iuce to the oou itry as open ones, eave the principle and policy cf sticking to office, to ensure pensions, present piy, and tho prostitution of public honors aad piacea of tbe country, to their own factieus designs. Kt-en on the long boasted Lani Policy thero is no agreement, ono has one opinion, and his fellow another — but on whit they do a^ree, aud hava sent as their precious scheme to the publio, I leave that public to decide whether it is such as was expeotcd ! Such us will satisfy 1 Such as the receivers of the Deputation from the Convention should have brought up ' ? . 