THE BENDIGO ADVEltxISBK (PUBLISHED DAILY J PUOGRESSION, OUIl BIGHTS, AND OUU KESOUKOE8. SANDHURST, WEDNESDA Yt AUGUST 31, 1859. -THE PREDICAMENT OF THE MINISTRY. TIIAT the fate of the present Ministry is sealed seems to be an admitted fact on all sides. There does not seem to be the ghost of a 'chance for their recovering the defeat tliey have sustained as far as the elections have gone. It is not simply that four Ministers are now wandering about the country like disembodied spirits on the banks of the infernal Styx, waiting for a friendly Charon of a constituency to ferry them over the gulf that separates from Parliament and place. Eveu admitting that these Ministerial outcasts receive friendly shelter in the bosom of some com passionate electoral districts, yet is the doom of the Cabinet just as certain as ever, unless soine extraordinary and unlooked-for interposition of their good fortune saves them. We can see no means by which they can make up for the over whelming majority that is now arrayed agianst them. The defeated Ministers can only get back to Parliament by means of. some partizans in some friendly constituencies making way for them, and thus while they gain one way they lose another. Ilarker, it is positively stated will not again attempt to gain admission into Parliament, but he may be overruled iu this matter by his colleagues. Chapman will, it is stated, address the electors of Dalhousio, but here lie will meet Suodgrass-a strong opponent of the Ministry. For Rodney, he would have a better chance, but there he wouldgain his election at the expense of Everard, who is a supporter of the Ministry. Poor Chapman! we suspect his chance of re-election is a very slight one, and, like Benson, he will be laid upon the shelf. Dr. Evans disputes the validity of the election for Richmond, but the issue is doubtful, and in the mean time he should be looking out for some snug retreat, for fear the result goes against him. As to Ireland, the rejected of Castlemaine, there are rumors that he will stand for Maldou or for Maryborough. The former place seems to be rather destitute of any good candi dates, and there he' might'have a chance. At Maryborough, we are inclined to think his chance doubtful. The miners of that district have never been admirers " of his mining legis lation, and there are already two can didates, at least, in the field,-Mr. Prender gast, who announces his determination to go to the poll, and Mr. Service, the rejected of Emerald Hill, who has received a requisition inviting him to come forward. The latter is a strong opponent of the Ministry, and his election under present circumstances would not be unlikely. Prender gast, we believe, notwithstanding his vaporing, would withdraw in Irelaud's favor, glad to place even a falling Minister under a compliment. There are other places where Ireland is likely to be elected, if he chooses to stand, such as the Creswick district, for which Benson intends to put up-an unprofitable trouble which he will save himself from, if he is wise, for we believe the number of candidates for that division will be legion. Whatever the result of the appeal of the four Ministers to other constituencies, it is certain that the ultimate result will be much the' same. The Administration cannot long survive the re assembling of Parliameut. Its fate is surely indicated by public opinion iu the various districts. "Wherever the strug gle was between ministerialists and anti ministerialists, in almost every instance, with the exception of Emerald Hill, the result ivas in favor of the latter. This has been the case in mining constituencies as well as iu the metro politan and country districts. At Ballarat the result was most striking. In the west portion the two Ministerial men-popular favorites-did not poll half the liumber of votes polled by their opponents. In the east portion the anti-Minis terialist was returned at the head of the poll, even over Kumffray ; aud Helford,' the Minis terialist, was ignomuiiously rejected. The saine rule has been observed elsewhere, and it would have held good here had any candidate come forward iu avowed antagonism to the Ministry. As it is, both Sandhurst and Mandurang 'stand despised among the various districts of the colony for the indifference manifested on a subject that lias so much agitated public opiniou during the past few months. Had there been any candidates in the field of the right sort, we should have had some, expression of opinion either one way or other. As it is, so-little is known that we find the Aye putting down the two Sandhurst members as Ministerialists. Mr.' Howard can hardly be flattered with that designation, although he may be iu favor of dealing in a spirit of fair play with the Cabinet. We' observe that Carpenter is als6 booked as a Ministerial follower. Surely that satisfies the egotism of the smelter. He can ' now write home and inform his wondering friends that Tom Carpenter counts for something/in the political world of Victoria ! ? -We shoulddike to near their succeeding comments upon 'Victorian "i.oHtios, " . . V' ... ? Although we by 110 means regret to find that the inordinate egotism and self- assurance of this Cabinet have received a check, and that the many public faults and misconduct of which they been guilty during their term of office, are now likely to be severely punished, wo arp not blind to the danger that exists in any groat reaction. Bad as these meu have shown themselves to be, let us not forget that at all events they represented. popular principles, or were supposed to represent them in Parliament; Personal character should i go a long-way without doubt; but we cannot agree with a Melbourne journal that nothing but personal character is to be looked to in selecting men to fill the position of rcprescnta- J tives or of Ministers. If the1 world had only, depended upon what is called respectability of character, it would have still been in the dark ages. We want something more fori the Govern merit of the country-we want sound judgment, general intelligence, and broad views' upon public matters; By all means, let the mere characterless vaporers, Whose professions are likely to be as ragged as, their reputations, be sent to Coventry ; but do not fall into the mistake that "respect-" ability" is alone sufficient for the Government of the country. ; We are sincerely glad to see the O'Shapassy Ministry receive the severe rebuff that public opinion has given to them ; but let us take, care that this reaction does not throw ; the country into the hands of men > without liberal principles, and opposed to popular views, and thus throw the colony back several years. There is a difficult task just now to be accomplished, and' we shall watch with interest the events of the next two or three months. Let not the enemies to progress fancy i that because the wholo country rejoices in the overthrow of an Administratfon which had ceased to inspire either respect or confidence, therefore the public will consent to see the Government carried on in antagonism to those principles upon which the O'Shanassy Ministry was supposed to be based. "We have not a word to say for the present Administration. Let it be cut up root and branch, for it has too . long cumbered the ground. But let us take care that the cause of progress and liberal legislation is not confounded with Ministers and sacrified with them. 