NEWS AND NOTES, BY A SYDNEY MAN. XXXI. By telegraph from Malta, one day's later news —namely to the 18th January—has reached the colony. It refers entirely to Mr. Bright's Reform Bill, the outlines of which have been published. Much surprise is affected at its moderation ; but I apprehend that Mr. Bright knows too much to attempt to insert the wedge by the thick end. No doubt it would be possible to carry overt liberalism too far, but I fancy that there need be no dread of that in England. The message of the President of the United States shows that his government had acted well in the case of the 300 negroes rescued by the U. S. brig of war Dolphin from a slaver, and carried into Charleston, where, it may be remembered, they ran some risk of being placed in " involuntary servitude " by the South Carolinans. The President actu- ally compliments the latter upon their for- bearance ! The negroes have been sent to Liberia, with 45,000 dollars for their main- tenance for twelve months. Amongst the sums of money granted by tho Assembly in Committee of Supply on Thursday evening, were £9308 16s. 8d. com- pensation for clergymen deprived of the an- nual State Aid ; £1000 in aid of the erection of the Temperance Hall in Sydney, and £100 in aid of the Ipswich School of Arts, on con- dition of an equal amount being raised by private subscriptions. The sum of £6000, to pay a debt incurred by the trustees of the Sydney Grammar School, was voted after long debate. Friday was a regular field-day in the As- sembly, Mr. Martin had again condescended to come to the House, and the opposition, with all its new recruits, mustered particu- larly strong. Many of the ministerial sup- porters were absent, and the only accession of strength they had was in Mr. Hargrave the Solicitor- General, who had been elected by a majority of no less than six hundred and thirty-eight to two over Plunketts mi- serable nominee Tighe—a worse humbug than the famous Captain Browne who sought the sweet voices of the Brisbane electors, and got a good many of them. The battle was opened by Mr. Plunkett, who moved for a return of the number of times that Mr. John Campbell has counted out the House, which motion, with a little modification, was passed. Honest John told them plainly enough that he hatl counted out the House seven times, and considered himself justified in doing so, when the opposition were stealing a march, owing to the absence of Ministerial support- ers. So I say. Mr. Campbell, at a later period of the evening, said a thing which, though laughed at, I consider rather smart. Deniehy had been sneering at him, upon which he replied " If I had but the honour- able gentleman's eloquence and my own principles, I should be one of the first men in the country." The next business of importance was a motion of Deniehy's. It appears that the new Attorney-General, Mr. Bayley, was prosecuting at the Maitland Assizes, when being summoned to Sydney, to attend the Executive Council, he appointed a Mr. Somerville to prosecute in his place. How the appointee acquitted himself is matter of dispute. A northern paper condemns the whole affair in the strongest terms, and asserts, that Mr. Som- merville made himself painfully ridiculous. I have heard it said, however, that a gentle- man of the legal profession, who consideis that he has teen overlooked by the present government, has considerable control over that journal. At all events it is alleged on the other side, that of the three cases prose- cuted by Mr. Sommerville, he obtained con- victions in two, though he failed in the third. Mr. Bayley says that he appointed this gentle- man because he believed in his ability. Sir. Faucett, who attended the assizes, could not have acted, being on the other side, and Mr. Windeyer, though a District Court Crown Prosecutor, would not have taken this case without fees. Mr. Sommerville having come to the colony in the same ship with Mr. Bayley, of course the selection was set down to favouritism, and Deniehy's motion was iutonded to censure the Attorney-General. On this point a long debate took place. The absurdity of passing a vote of censure was clearly pointed out, when there was actually no evidence at all of the fact excepting the newspaper article. In the end an amend- ment of Mr. Martin's was carried, appoint- ing a Committee to inquire into the affair. The members of this Committee are Messrs. Martin, Deuichy, Jones, Macarthur, Murray, and Plunkett. Every one of these, except- ing Jones, being bitterly opposed to the Go- vernment, we may guess what a report they will bring up. Next came Mr. Plunkett's censure motion about Dr. Harris once more, and after a weary debate, in the course of which Mr. Hargrave ably defended his ruport and the conduct of the Government, the House was counted out on a motion for adjournment, so that we shall most likely have the affair over again this week. In addition to these matters, there is the report of the Committee respecting Mr. Owen having voted when, as it is attempted to be proved, he intended to accept a Dis- trict Judgeship. This report being drawn up by the Chairman, Mr. Plunkett is of course very bitter against Mr. Cowper as well as Mr. Owen ; but it is so contrary to the evi- dence, that I scarcely think that even party rancour will induce the Assembly to consent to it. Thus you see that the session looks stormy even towards its close, and some yet doubt the passing of the Appropriation Act. It would be a bad thing, indeed, for the country if the success of any of these schemes should cause the Ministry to resign, and place power in the hands of Plunkett, Martin, and Den- iehy, men who are notoriously and solely influ- enced in their present course by evil passions of personal hate and revenge. Certainly the new parliament would in all probability send them packing off again ; but men of such minds could do great mischief during the re- cess. You have in your own town a proof which, if you do not take care, will hereafter develop itself to your sorrow, of the danger that attends the cautious, waiting, brooding policy of a cunning and unscrupulous mind. That you may be able to guard against this is the ardent wish of one now utterly disin- terested. If not, you may find yourself fet- tered with a PREMIER and CABINET who, under the mask of popular principles, will grasp and retain the power of the State, to the exclusion altogether of those who truly represent the great bulk of your people. Once more, let not this be passed as an idle warning. What man of ordinary discernment among you cannot point with his finger and say Ecce Homo ? Beware then, in time ! Responsible Governmont can only be a boon when it is worked on a popular—on a demo- cratic basis. Not on levelling or revolution- ary principles, but on the principle of the greatest happiness of the greatest number. Woe to Moreton Bay if those who are now in secret aiming at the high places, succeed in attaining them ! Mr. Galbraith, Superintendent of Burran- dowan station, has been presented with a flattering testimonial of esteem by the over seers and men on that station. It is a silver cup, value £100, and bearing an appropriate inscription. The cup has been on view at Messrs. Flavell's, in George-street. Several extracts from Frank Fowler's " Southern Lights and Shadows," have ap- peared in the paper, but I have not yet seen the book itself. From all that at present appears it is just what might have been ex- pected-a must impudent and mendacious picture of society in Australia, of which, I am sure, Master Frank knew no more than could be gathered by a dweller upon the out- skirts of it. Let anybody who really knows the excellent society now to be met within the metropolis, read the following most im- pudent piece of balderdash. I dare say Frank did sit near the young lady he speaks of at the theatre, but it was most likely in the " upper circle." Here is what the humbug says about the young ladies of Australia : At thirteen veara of age they have more ri'ibons, jewels," and lovers, tban peihaps any other young ladies of the same age in the universe They prattle- and very insipidly too-from morn- ing tilr night. Thev rush to the Botanical Gardens twice a week, to hear the band play, dressed precisely after tho frontiapieci» in the latest reported nnmberof Le Follet. They wear as muoh gold chain as the Lord Mayor in his átate robes. As they walk you Iipar the tinkle of their bunches of chains and nuggets, as if the) carried bells on their lingers ami rings on their toes. The first time I visited the theatre I sal near a young lady who wore at least half-dozen rings over her vi-hito gloves, and who, if bare mosquito-bitten shoulders may be deemed beauti- ful, showed moro beauty than I ever saw a young lady display before. Generally, the colonial damsels aro frivolous, talkative, and over-drrssed riiey have, in brief, all tho light, unenviabb qualities of Kastern women. If all this is founded upon any actual ex- perience, that experience must certainly have been gathered among bonnet-makers' appren- tices and less reputable damsels. A meeting of the friends and supporters of the Female Refuge Society took place last week, on which occasion the Rev. \V. Cuth- bertson showed that the remarks I had ven- tured to make upon another sphere for his operations than Anderson's ball, were -not unheeded. Those who will honour me hy referring back to those remarks, a few weeks ago, will be pleased to think that they were followed by the eloquent and touching obser- vations of Mr. Cuthbertson, which I am sure are well worthy of the space they will occupy in your columns. The following is the pas- sage alluded to, from ,the reverend gentle- man's speech :— Looking at these poor, suffering, unfortunate creatures, not merely in the gaze of time, but from the stand-point of eternity, ns bearing the image of Him who made us and to whom we must ¡rive tin account, could sucli an appeal full cold upon any Christian heart, nay, upon the heart of nay man or woman ? He did' not envy the feel- ings of any person present who could walk down Pitt-street at that hour of the evening entirely unmoved. He could see many a voung woman, fair, and almost beautiful - beautiful indeed they would be if virtuous souls could beam through those eyes ; he could see women, once cared for and proved for by father, by mutlicr, and by sister, now ca»t as loathsome weeds away. Did < hey think, while listening to the hollow laugh of these unhappy oreatures, while looking at the painted cheeks, speaking of beauty once- now gone for ever and the tawdry finery, follow them to their homes after their wild orgies, and suppose what were their dreams at night when the mind went baot in vision, when they were thinking of «lay« long past, of the time that was no more, of father and mother, of the sweet singing in the village church, of the greyhairedcleigynian who spoke of live and mercy, nnd then waking-not to find what they had been dreaming come again, but to find themselves in a living hull, without sympathy, and with scarcely a hiimnn hand held out to help them. (Cheers.) Ho would bo content to rest his appeal on this ground. Looking out into tim street, nnd aoeiiig Umsu Jill Ion one-.-, ouoo iiliiDt'ent and pure, he would turn to a father or a mother present at that meeting, and ha would say-just bring to your side v our daughter, innocent and pure, blooming and beautiiul ; how many hopes and fancies of you -s cluster round that golden head, how you love her-her voice is music to you, there is ¡»raceund fascination in everything she docs That was true, but do vou not think that iHiurgirl in the street« bad n father and mother « ho loved her ? Av, that was the case, and ns you would g.) through Bro and water to sn»e your daughter Iron) disgrace, as you would curse the villain who should wrong vou nnd bring down your grey hairs with sorrow to the grave, would you not show some sympathy towards those fallen ones, not bound to you, perhaps, by ties of blood, but bound by the common ties of hu- manity ? It is no small gratification to believe that I was the humble means of prompting this earnest and pathetic eloquence, which few can read unmoved. Mr. Rhodes who arrived here in the Colum- bian with Mr. Gabrielli, holds a power of Attorney from Sir Morton Peto & Co., author- ising him to undertake and carry out railway «works here to almost any extent. As to the terms, they are likely to be still more favor- able to the colony than those last proposed, as New South Wales Debentures are now in good odour in the English market. Mr. Rhodes has proceeded to inspect tho lines of the proposed extensions-to Penrith, Picton, and Singleton-and immediately on his re- turn will negotiate with the Government ns to terms. A large ship was to leave Eng- land in February, freighted with the neces- sary plant, &c;, and skilledoflicers to conduct the works. The commencement of active operations will be very beneficial to trade in this quarter. M'Kean, the pedestrian, having given va- llis self-imposed task, has wound up by sud- denly levanting from Sydney, without giving his meditated ball at the Lyceum theatro, and, they say, without attending tosorae other little matters. The Melbourne Jockey Club propose to make some changes in the arrangements for Great Svvoepstakes, threeyear olds being com- pelled to carry 7 stone, 4 years, 8st. 121bs., and 5 years, 9st. 121bs. The matter is at pre- sent only under consideration. Nominations are to be received until the first Monday in July. It is already certain that Now South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, and New Zenlaud, will send horses to compete for the stakes. Moreton Bay is a long way off from Melbourne, but so aro South Australia and New Zealand. Cannot your sportsmen pro duco anything that would have a chance? Of course it must be something better than Newbold; but racing-with the exception of donkey-racing for the first place-seems to bo defunct in the north. The famous " Welcome Nugget" found al Ballaarat by the Red Hill Company, has been sold by auction at Melbourne, for £9325. The Argyle Horticultural and Agricultural exhibition took place in Goulburn on St. Patrick's day, and was verjr successful. The prizes for thorough-bred stock were all carried off by Mr. Roberts. At Goulburn, by tho way, there has been a most extraordinary affiliation-the singulari- ty consisting in the most brazen perjury, ou one sido or tho other. A young woman named Lavinia M'Donald, daughter of a shepherd at Lake George, swore that Mr. Horace Cooper, son of the proprietor of that place, was the father of her child, aud sho and her mother and father swore that young Cooper had acknowledged it, and sent £5 to the girl by the hands of his brother. The young man upon whom they desired to thrust these paternal honors, however,swears that ho never had any familiarity with tho girl, never acknowledged tho child, and never was accused about it till brought to Court. ' His brother . swears that ho never ?took £5 to'tho people: as'sworn by them; and'a stockman on the station swears that ' tho girl accused him of being the father, pa acknowledges that this was probable, and " that he gave her money. In the face of this re swearing-which, if it wouldn't knock 'the th leg off an iron pot, might puzzle wiserheads pi than those of the Goulburn Bench-their worships adjudged the case proved against young Cooper, and ordered him to pay for this very doubtful baby. Two fatal accidents to horsemen are re- ported. Mr. John Davidson was thrown against a tree and killed, while chasing a native dog on the Upper Hume River ; and Mr. Theophilus Gunther, son of the Rev. James Gunther, was dashed against a tree, and killed, while kangaroo-hunting at Mudgee. A new sporting journal to be called BelVs Life in Tasmania, is shortly to be started at Hobart Town. A weekly paper called the Parramatta Chronicle comes out next month. There are still occasional rumours of the revival of the Empire, or the rise of some other daily upon its ruins, but the creditors cannot agree about the " plant," so all stands still. I have no doubt, how- ever, that thfiro will be another daily paper shortly. The ketch Unity left Sydney for Newcastle last Saturday, but encountered heavy weather, and the Captain, Miller, having been swept overboard and drowned, the ves- sel was drifting ashore, when the crew took the boat and abandoned her, first letting go the anchor and kedge. They reached shore in safety, and the ketch was subsequently found as left, and has'been towed into Syd- ney by the steamer Fenella. By the ship Land O' Cakes, from Hong Kong, 229,Chinese immigrants arrived here on Sunday last. The Argus has a further report of the miss- ing brig of war Sappho having been spoken off this coast by the Yarrow* (not the Yarra, asatfirststated); but, by a misprint I suppose, the date is stated as February 1859, whereas it ought to be 1858. The Sappho was then about 17 mijes S. by E. off Cape Nelson. No traces of the wreck have yet been found. The new burlesque of the Atalanta is still attracting good audiences at the Prince of Wales Theatre. Professor Anderson is on a provincial tour, but has hinted that he is to have a " complimentary benefit" on his return. Miss Mary Provost (who by-the-bye isn't a Miss at all, but a Mrs.) continues so indisposed as to be unable to make her re .appearance at the Victoria for the present. Alderman Neale, who owns the Prince of Wales Theatre and the premises adjoining, has built a new entrance to the pit, from King-street, with an hotel, and well-lighted collonade, which greatly improve the ap- pearance of that heretofore dull corner. Mr. Gilbert Isaacs, the Kempsey post- master, has been remanded, with his com- panion James Collins or Gardener, to Kemp- sey, to be dealt with. The city Council have again resolved to wait upon the Colonial Secretary, to ask per- mission to sell the ground granted for a town hall, and to get in exchange a grant in Wynyard-square. This has been refused be- fore, and is not now likely to be granted. The Municipal Council have made a more sensible move in addressing the Government to stay proceedings in reference to the pro- posed Necropolis, until it is satisfactorily ascertained whether or not the graves are likely to be drained into the water reservoir, as stated. ; The Rev, G. K. Rusden, an old and mttch esteemed clergyman of the Church of Eng-' land, died at Maitland on Friday last. His strength had long been declining. * The Governor of Victoria has declined to1 transmit tlie-Molhi>urnc Ooipoíntiou's protust" about John Thomas Smith's knighthood, and correspondence is proceeding between his' Excellency and the turtle-eaters, ou the subject. A new batch of magistrates have been Gazetted, and among them are the following northern beaks :—Messrs. Edward Montague Geary, Helidon ; William Pile Gordon, Su- rat ; Wm. Harvey Holt, Kalongo, Gayndah ;' David Maunder Jones, Benaro, Gayndah; Alfred Lardner, Grafton ; Charles Edward Porter, Caval, Grafton ; John Bonar Peter Ramsay, Canoona; Wm. Robertson, Grafton ; John Hall Scott, Retreat, Callandoon ; and Robert Wilkin Smith, Iderraway, Gayndah. In the list is also the name of the celebrated Mr. North, of Carcoar turkey renown. Randwick, otherwise Coogee, is in a state of convulsion to day. The Municipal elec- tions are taking place, and the greatest ex- citement pervades the half- dozen inhabitants. By the way, some clever gentleman lias a great deal to say about you all in this morn- ing's Herald, but there is nothing in his com- munication that you didn't all know before. Amongt these well-known things he particu- larly mentions your partiality for domestic broils-not culinary, but pugnacious, and says that it is because, like the stars shining above Molly Bawn, "you've nothing else to do." Your police reports are, doubtless, correct, and it is to be taken as a fact that Messrs. M'Dougall and Pickering did "chaff" Mr. Lilley, when ho asked for a restitution ol Captain Haines' fine, in accordance with tin direction of the Executive. I suppose ont magistrate put his thumb to his nose, while the other performed what is classically called " a grinder"-the telegraphic duett signify- ing " don't you wish you may get it ?" How- ever, if Mr- Lilley has the slightest difficulty in getting tho remainder of the fine from the Customs' authorises, I hope he will have the patriotism to bring the matter immediately before the Government, and a very great benefit to Moreton Bay may be the result. " Notes and News," by a " Windmill Re- porter," likes mo not. Why cannot people make-their own thunder, instead of laying hold of mino. Let the Old Windmill alone. It is long since the true " Windmill Reporter" lived thero in tho body ; but sometimes, at night, when the moon is just rising abovp the tree tops on the hill side, casting a pale" light into the upper loop-holes, and thro .\ iug the dark shadow of the mill far into the vale beyond-the spirit wanders again along the well-known path, gazes with something of mournful regret upon tho white spectml mass ; and heavos a spiritual sigh for the memories conjured up by the sights and sounds in the little town . below. Let the poor ghost alone, I pray you, oh ancient amigo mio. There are plenty of points un- occupied, from which you can level your telescope at the passing crowd. Take the top oi the flag-staff, now. There's an idea, for you ! What could be better? " Reveries by the Man pn the Plug-staff." I present it to yon gratuitously, and if you work it out, the flag-staff may in the end become as fa- miliar a household word as the Windmill which may good feeling and the memory of " auld lang syne" long preserve intact. The Clarence made a " smart trip," hav- ing arrived here about noon on Friday. Another dead child has been found. It was lying in the domain, wrapped in a piece of calico, and medical testimony shows that it was born alive ; but beyond this nothing was elicited at the inquest. The Rev. J. G. Millard, long residing as Wesleyan Minister at Brisbane, has been ordered by tho Conference to Ballarat, and last night the congregation of York Street Chapel took leave of him in an affectionate manner, presenting him with a testimonial of their regard. Mr. Deniehy has been diversifying his parliamentary shindies by lecturing on the " Bar of Ireland." If he finds out what really is the " bar" of Ireland, he is cleverer than I take him to be, though I give him plenty of credit in that respect. Chamberlain and Armstrong, the alleged murderers of Mr. Green at Omeo, have been acquitted, after a trial that occupied ten boura. A circumstance has occurred on the Lower Murrumbidgee which cannot be better told than in the words of the correspondent who communicates it to the Herald : On the 25th ultimo, a Mr. Baylis, in charge of a mob of some 200 horses belonging to Mr. Cornish, a settler on the Macquarie, and accom- panied by two white men, a black, and a half-caste, camped for the night in a bend of the Lower Lachlan, near Bullagal Station. Some time after dark, several stockmen, who were totally unaware of any person being camped in the locality, passed the spot, singing as they rode along as persons often do in the bush. The noise they made frightened the horses, they at once rushed violently, took to the water and swam to the north side of the river. Mr Baylis, although unable to swim, yet fearing to lose the horses, and wishing to set a good example to his men, jumped on his horse, and at once rode into the witer and was quickly followed by his two white men. The night, however, being dark and the water deep, the whole three got unhorsed, the two latter swam to shore, Mr. Baylis, who wore a heavy oveicoat, wai by its meant kept afloat for some time, and continually called on the blackfellow, in whom he had always placed great confidence, to come in and fetch him out, but black, half caste, and white men stood on the bank, and, for some reason known to themselves, made no attempts to render any assistance whilst the poor man gradually sank to rise no more. No sooner was Mr. Baylis dead, than one of the white men, the cart driver, broke open his box, took possession of his money and papers, and assumed the charge of the money. Before long he found an excuse for discharging the other white man, and then believing himself to be perfectly uncontrolled, he commenced, whilst continuing to travel onwards, to sell the horses fir his own benefit. At one place he disposed of the pick of the mob for £ 14 a head, and at another sold six head for £14. The man who had been discharged made his way to the nearest J.P., and informed him of what had occured; information was at once forwarded to the police at Balranald, and the newly fledged horse-seller, being unable to show that he had any authority for disposing of the stock, was apprehended, and the remainder of the horses were detained. I have no particular market news to com- municate, excepting that strong efforts con- tinue to be made to promote a rise in the flour market, but as yet without success. It is reported that 5,000 quintals of wheat bave been destroyed by a conflagration at Valpa- raiso. The wool market here is in a sort of suspense-sellers standing out for very high rates, and buyers not quite so eager to give them. The good news of the tallow market by the last mail has also, of course, had a very beneficial effect upon the article here. Dr. Evans is Minister for Lands at Mel- bourne, vice Duffy. The latest news is that the other ministerial differences are likely to be arranged. A destructive fire has occuired at Bendigo. The loss is estimated at £20,000, and insur- ance had only been effected upon about one half of this. Captain Bell, of the ship Land o' Cakes (and who, by the bye, was formerly master of tho Agrícola,) passed a sunken vessel near Caspar Straits, on his voyage hither from Hongkong. The vessel was barque rigged, about 350 tons burden, and about half "her lower niasts were out of water. Of course she bad struck tipon a shoal, but nothing else is known, either of her or her crew. The Citizens who are opposed to the Sew- erage Debt intend to hold a public meeting at the Lyceum Theatre next Thursday, in TurtheTance or their views. Sarah Sparkes, an old woman of 84, died a few clays ago, from the effects of injuries received through her clothes accidentally taking fire. [Through some oversight the concluding portion of the " Notes" have no1 reached us. -ED. il. B. £».] THE DESPOTISM or DRESS. -ft may he alliter- ative, but it is literally true, that there is a des- picable despotism in dress. What a horrible fashion the present system of male attire is. Begin with the lint-a frightful object ; the coat, an antedilu- vian monstrosity ; tho «nistcoat-a bit of the coat ; the trousers-mummy wrappeis. And this is called dress, and many of the fast young men of the age fancy that, when so attired, ihey nre bricks, when tha simple tact ¡6, they are mat tyra. In tho one particular of dress we íiavo degeñer ntedfrom tlie earliest ages, and aro every year getting "WOMB. Look at the young man of the present day with his wrap-rascal on ¡ he fancies himself a swell, while he is only a perambulating ¿uti. 