[?] Defeat 'op theibnitifln. ' The mall stenmer Aden arrived from Sliangaf, yester- dny afternoon,- having left, that port on tlm 12th instant. Site brlrigs'advices ol tho defeat of tile British forces nt tlie mouth of tho Pulho— a cntostroplie which reflects more disgrace on- H.Mi arms tlmii nnvthiug which ltns hnpnoneu since net' accession, air. Bruce nrrtved oil the : Peilto'ori tlio IStli ultimo, whero tho British force had b en concentrated. Same messages wi re ixchongDil b»tween tho Biitltli M.nlstir'ssulte'and some Mandarins of inferior rank on shore. The tenor of tlose me-sages was to tho effect, that the foreign ministi rs atttl suites would be rceeived in Pekin if they would proceed by n passage indicatod, and situutcd a Utile uortli of the Pcilio, which river it was indicated foreign men-of-wnr must not enter. Mr. Bruce finally declared that be would force nn onlrnnce, and leaving the matter In Admiral Hope's hands, the attempt was ntadc on the 25th' ult. Tlie - following -extracts will detail tho lamcntublo re- (ult':— ' ' ' We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to cptnmon sense, and we unhesi tatingly record our conviction, that such a series ol com- plicated bungles is not. to be found in British annals. Tipperary tactics nrejsclnntfflc in comparison to tho mnd course pursued. The flbtilla was all placed in position - that is to say, the entire son force was run into the trap which bad. boon.made and provided. After it had been destroyed or coinpletely-defented, which occupied some hours, the laud force was sent- for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they couht not bo, brought up for sonic time. . When they, at .lost did. come,: tliey were landed near ibni writer on.a suit mud bank, almost in the face of these victorious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the cast— -two ditches intervened, and the end of it was tliut 50 of our brave fellows reached tltewnll without, scaling ladder, or a dry cartridge. Why, bad the, while of tne Royal'Marines in the service been landed under such ci cumstauces, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result? We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery; They behold the flotilla go 'into the trap— tlicy im mediately saw that their own fire was overwhelm ing, and China like,' thny became elated and worked hard nt tlie guns there-was nothing to drive them from. Remembering how'thc Russian" Minister dogged Lord E'gittV steps Inst venr,' bearing in ntind tlie intrigues ho made whilst the Teentsun negotiations were going on— not forgetting the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians tunde on the Airioor just about tlmt time and seeing, moreover,- that there la no Russian Ambas sador now dogging the steps of the British Minister, or .Indeed near tlie scene of action— it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimised to Russian machi nations. Moreover, it is known tlmt the Russians made one of the stipulations for tbe territory tliey filched, the payment by tbem . tn the Chinese of seven hundred cannon ns ff the Chinese would have made such a de mand unless tlicy.hnd been told to do so I We do not think there were any Russians in tiie forts, because our troops wcre-assnilcd. by glngnls and arrows, but that 'Some Russian engineer .planned the batteries and stock ades, and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt — Russian guns being of course used It is a sor rowful nffnir, and besides the valuable lives lost, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should be reinforced, and another attack made immediately. INDIA. maitcii of 00,900 kuo'SIANB to khiva. Tlie latest dates from India, hy tba Benares, are from Bombay to the 20tli of August. The most important item of intelligence is the following, -contained in an extraordinary of the Handbag Ttaiei : — " Jlomhay 'J'iaics office, Mondny, August 8th, 1859. The Con stance, of Her Majesty's Indian Navy, arrived in har bour, this morning, at 7.15 n.rn., bringing important intelligence, it is believed, to the Indian Government. Brigadier Gtglilan is said to have despatched the Con- stuiicc, in pursuance ofortlers from tbe English Govern ment, to forward the news instantly. We learn simul taneously, tlmt. the Russians, under a convention with Persia,' tiro niurching 00,009 men upon Khiva, and that the Persians aro: concentrating titer forces on the Turkish frontier." , . >.: . ' The Hiuiihrnj Telegraph and Courier of the 12th of August remarks upon the" above "Tho report that an army of 00,009 Russians is advancing upon Khiva, via tlie i.'aspiaii Spa, is well calculated' to create nlnrin both iu Enghiud and in Jndia.'t The Czar, lias, we know, long mc itiitcd an iitthck upon Khiva, with the ostensible view of releasing Russian trad Persian prisoners ; but it is generally' believed with tlie reitl object; of: establishing a grand military base for operating eventually against Iwlin. . With Khiva, Balkh, ntid-Bbkharn- in hls posses sion, the Shalt for his ally,-, and' full possession of the Caspian and Aral Sea", lie would- he at any moment able to menace India. 00,000 Russians on the banks of the Oxus' is -0; great and :siguificnut fact. With the pos session qf t|tls river, and tne possession of the passes of the Hindoo Komdi, a vast army might traverse the dis- tiince between. tlierCospiatU'dnd -- Cubool hr iessthnn n moot i. There is no douot tlmt- Russia has token advan tage of the absence of. our ambassador at the Court of Teheran;-; to carry out this long cherished plan with .re gard tn Central 'Asia. : ' The ' Bombay1 Gazette' believes that the Russin'n advance to Kbiva is only a pretext for quarrelling with Persia.' J.: " : . Sir. Jung Bahhdoor is reported ns disaffected, though hi' reign. would'appear; to. be nearly ht. an end in Na- paid. - The Mabomtnedahs it is reported are plotting his destruction. . .. ' . . The Nana has written to the Lieutenant-Governor at Agra that if Government 'will, allow him back Poomtand Satlara lie will desist train hostilities.- - . The telegraph line from Kurachee- to Lahore, a dis tance of 1,101'tniics has been completed,'' nnd tho'Go- yernorTGe!iernI-ims' desired his' thanks to be given to Sir VV, O'Slmugnessy, and - cxpresed his great satis faction, .: -i . ' : 'I'.' Major Meade lias we heard; met, defeated,- nnd killed two rebel lenders in Central India, with 100 of their followers.- ' - - It is stated that more than 10,000 Sepoys ofthe lnte Bengal nnny Itavo been alsorbed iff that of Nepaul. 7 Itev are rejwi-ted to., be for the present employed on the frontiers of . Thibet. It is estlmnted that nearly 100, 0o0 rebels took refuge in Nepnul. . Tim Begum and Mnnttoo Khnn-nre described ns being at Nyakotc', dnd.tiie Nana Sahib is said to'be lurking iu tlie Dang Vailey. He is in the huhit of disguisittg him self nnd frequently 'changing his linunts, so tlmt'he may appear to_ the ignorant and superstitious to possess'. the quality of ubiquity. - It has-been estnblislied beyond n duubt that be has cither , two or three European ladies WJ'jt whp tire supposed, to belong to the upper classes o. -iueieiy. Tlie' miseieant doubtless retains them in tbe hope of being able . through their ussistuuee, to make his pence with Government, 