PHtSCESS'S THEATBB, BACK CItfiKK. Mr, Grevillc, the stage-manager, has «nsroduced the"Conican Brothers, or Fiercs Corses," a drama, *-hidt was first played at the Theatre Historique, in Paris, about the middle of the yoar 3650. ThrongUout France it had a tremendous run, and a public ovation wts paid to the writers <H. M. E. Grange and X. de Montepine, (wo celelirated dratnaitsts), on the foccasion of iu sixth representation. Hie idea appears to iutvc been drawn from tlietijameso Twins, who about the nine period created so much astonish ment througliout Europe. Two brothers, Fftbien and Ismi* dei I'randii (twins), sotii of Madame Havffla del Franchi (Mrs. Evans), denixens of Corsica, entertain for each other a paasionate fondness. Louis goes to Paris to study tlie law, Faliien <Mr. Warde) remains at home. One day a M.Alfred Meynard (Mr, Turner) pays liim a visit, and is (ertaSncsd most hospitably by Madame and ha- He brings n Irtter from Louis. Fabien, after reading it, Is struck with a pain In Mi side, from whidi he feels confident his brother lias come to some harm. Whilst Fabien is writing to lib brother, the ghost of Louis |OSSM across the stage, and his suspicion is at once confirmed. The scene changes to one in the Forest of Fontaiuehleau, where Louis is wen sup. ported in the ams of two gentlemen, having alien in a duel with M- de Chauaui Uenaud {Mr, Helby). This closes the first act The second act is retrospottlve, A Saron de Monlgeron (Mr. Melville) invites several of liii {Heads to sup with Win at his haaac, amaog often Chateau fiaiaud, and « bet i* made that he docs not bring to supper UmillfMle Lapare (Mrs. Greviltey If lie is not tiiw; by &ur; o'clock lie loses the wiger. Precisely at the appointed lime, Chateau Renandiuid Rmllie de iespare (who evidently entertains a dread of him) enters the sapper room. lie claims ibe 1 wager, but Entitle, findutgabe has Item made the subject of a bet, recoils from liim in disgust, and wltdta protection of the gentlemen present. Louis steps forward and ofTer« to conduct ber home. A duel is the consequeiiee next day, and JmuU (alls. It i* the scene of the duel thai FaMco fnasiaa at the dose of the first act Tte fncUeoU ot thefint act In Corsica, and of the second act In Fsrit, are supposed to Occur at tbe tame Ume. The third act opens with a view of the Forest of Footalnbleau. Monlgeron and Chateau Uenaud are leafing Paris, when their carriage is overturned in - the forest, at the very spot whew: the duel wasfinigfct. Fabien arrives in Paris a short time aftertho duel, sod sets put in pursuit of Uenaudt ho overtake* Mm in -the forest, and demands vcugeanoe for die daathofhii hrother. They fight, and llenaud Bills fatally wounded. Tlie ghost of Louis appears, and the place concludcs with a very interesting taWtaux. llenaud lying on tin - - - - - ing over him. Tbe tofLouii on the left side of the stage, and rabi^kt^clmg, wiai S ^t: to Ale figure Tile scenic efttWs were conducted admirably. Sir. Wanie imwreouatcd the two brothers, a very anluous task, and which he did tlie fiillcst ju«ii<v tn Messrs. Sdbv. Furrian, and Webs«r, made »U tliej «mtd of their respedive nla. Mrs. (JnnUle played with nwrh effect; ^e *Hnced a pleasing Mprtt, that g«vc to U» diaractcr of JtoUie de Lcspace a Atm that the auaienoe wm- not slow to adsaira. That skilful actress. Mrs. Kvadiie KVMS, W > m W ltadamc Savilia with dignity and efleet. MUw Clifford, as usual, made the roost of her pwt, Tlie minor twrts wm well represented, liie soenar, the Skilful tmMlurtioii of Mr. Murphy, des^-es sixwa) jirai*,a»«ko<kwsthestt» MWWgM', wr the eltltivc ,-iBd WflUmngcd ,„ . n,t farce of "Mr. anJ Mrs. P. W., 1 ' isaroUicking tkieee ol fun, aud was made the m l of Mesars. limine aud Webster, Mrs. Evans and Miss Cliflord. Mr. Grevilk's P. W, ««s aojuisitclv humowus. Mr, M'ehster. as the Uncle, elicited de Sham" was done ample Ju«tk» to by Mr. GrevUla It is mi event to notice, if, aflw tlie )«rformaocea, swetal tnanbers rf tte eomjiaayarc not «dted before tbe curtain to receive the ^anUtt of the atdinee, 