TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir-Will you can find space in your paper for the subjoined article taken from the Lancet, it will afford the curious in such matters information which may enable them to understand how so many people can be found to entertain the belief that Holloway's pills will not only cure " a disease without a name," but all and sundry the ailments "flesh is heir to ;" and that his ointment will supersede in surgery the use of the knife. I am, Sir, Yours obediently, J Coverdale, M D'. Richmond, 6th June, 1856. I have a physician, said formers to Louis XIV. ; " he gives me remedies ; I do not take them, yet I'get bolter." But as 31. Simon observes, this method did not always succeed, and the great writer would, when too late, have willingly confined himself to a strict regimen, and been satified with the morsel of Parmesan cheese which his old friend La Forest gave him upon the day of his death. Some people's scepticism is the result of pure ignorance, even when we should thus least expect it. Dr. Johnson, it is well known, ridiculed the idea of feeling a man's wrist to discover what was going on in his general system. Napoleon always refused to take internal remedies, and maintained that he had confidence only in mechanical manipulations of Surgery. Yot Johnson believed in ghosts, and Napoleon wits hurried to his ruin by confiding in a blind fatalism. Whilst some of this limited and peculiar class distrust the physician, yet they dread disease, and lament at disorder. Such did Person, the great Greek scholar. He once said to Rogers, the poet, "I have been staying with Dr Davey at Cambridge. I was unwell, and he prevailed upon me to call in a physician : he took my money, and did me no good." Yet he declared he had not the slightest dread of death, and that he despised fal ultu asides. * "Let me tell, you Person," saidDr.Babinglon, "that I have known several persons who, though when in perfect health talked as you do now, here yet dreadfully alarmed when death was really near them." A few, again, of more determined obstinacy, despise both disease and the doctor until it is too late. They pay the penalty, these men of iron frames, yot leaden minds, who would seem to trust in charmed lives, or in the notion that they came into the world blessed with the delightful power of being able to cheat the physician of his fees, and death of his victory. We are told by the author of the article, "Angina pectoris," in the Cyclopaedia of Practical Medicine, that whilst he was transcribing it for the press, a gigantic farmer" applied to him, who seemed to fancy he ought to rule diseases as he ruled his team. When the paroxysms attacked him on horseback, he would throw the rein on his horse's neck, put him to a canter, and bear his agony till he could sit no longer ! When fairly beaten, he came to the doctor, but it was too late, he died suddenly during the night, not more than eight days after his first visit. HW many years of comparative comfort, perhaps, might not have been added to this man's life, if he had only taken warn- ing and followed out the careful regimen, which would have been laid down for him by some scientific practitioner P But we have had a more painful example, because a national loss has resulted in the recent death of General Jacob in India. After twenty years' hard service in Scinde, we have lost one of whom it is said by a high authority when he heard of his illness, if anything happens to that man not one in ten thousand can over replace him. He is dead It appears, however, that General Jacob himself know that, for months before his death, he was really very ill. indeed he wrote to one of his officers, telling him that he was breaking up and it has been said that " for a long time past he has been keeping himself up by the strongest stimulants." Now, who shall say but that if some judicious and respected member of the Indian Medical S hair had been consulted a few months back by the Scindian here, the government in India might not, for years here, have had the advantage of Hip General's administrative and purely military prowess? But so it is, that the two' most important points to man are those upon which both scepticism and supersti- tion have chiefly laid hold, viz religion and medicine for here men's passions are generally greatest, and their knowledge very often the least. Fortunately, in these days, the mass of people are victims to neither delusion of disbelief and credulity, though, as we too well know, some sure, and even to both of those medicine is despised, whilst globalism, hydropathy mesmerism, " brandy and salt," galvanic rings, et hoc genus which, are trusted to implicitly. If we do not now seek the " royal touch" for the cure of scrofula, we have yet those amongst us who visit Jiadcmoiscllo Aspasie, or some other clairvoyante, for a somnambulistic exposition of their deeper sealed disorders. If there are some who will despair of any benefit from the physical diagnosis of the test tube and stethoscope, they have yet a strong hope In sending a lock of hair To M, Alexis to divine from. Men trust to, or disbelieve in the powers of medicine, often they know not why, and care not wherefore ; they see ignorance in physicians, and truth in witches, just as it suits them. The learned in book lore become scape- goats here as well as the ignorant. The late Dr. Arnold, of Rugby, thus in note in a letter to Dr. Greenhill, of Oxford : " The philosophy of medicine, I imagine, is almost at wore ; our practice is empirical and seems hardly more than a course of guessing, more, or less happy." The Rector of East Thorpe was obliged last year seasonably to mount guard before the door of an age! parishioner, until the arrival of the witch doctor" and the remonstrances of the Norfolk magistrate, appealed to for the purpose of subjecting old Mrs. C-?, who lived near the Lion," to the devil's ordeal of shaving and cold water, were summarily met by a inference to the Witch of Endor, and 'demoniacs of the New Testa- ment. By the world, at large whatever it may be with individuals- medical men are too often like women, adored when wanted, and shunned when no longer needed. > Extremes are dangerous. they are born to suffer, and must seek help in medicine. Though it is not necessary to fly to us for every stomach ache each gooseberry season indicates, nor for every slip of the knife an awkward bread-and-butter cutter ninnes, yet humanity will be none the worse, if, under all circumstances, is bears in mind the sacred injunction :'-" Honour physician with the JionOjiir due unto him for the uses which ye may have of him for the Lord hat It created him. There is a time, when in their hands there is good success." 