THE WAR, CHIEF EVENTS AND TOPICS OF THE ? WEEK. ' ' ( From the Liverpool Mail, May 21.) War facts and phases since our last week's pub lication have, in thc-ir broad outline and main fea tures, preseuted little or nothing which is remark b!y- exciting, because there is little or nothing de cisive. Some accounts from Paris state that the French have not yet got up all their artillery and cavalry ; and yesterday's foremost leading article in the leading journal seems to confirm the inti mation that 'nothing important is expected be fore the end of the month, or beginning of June, when the French will be in possession of all their oujjpica. uniti irom jucssanuna in dicate earlier action, and mention an ominous military arrangement which foreshadows French incorporation and absortion of the Sardinian force anything but palatable to Piedmontese pride, namely, that the whole allied army is to bo divided into two corps, each of which will be commanded by a French Marshal, and each of which will con sist of three French and one Sardinian division. And later accounts import that the rains and floods havo now subsided, and that tho two oppos ing armies lready are almost within cannon shot of each other, so that a great battle may be going on even while we write. The war news thus increases in interest, although still barren of any derisivo action or remarkable event. In the absence of those, increasing interest attaches lo the letters of the Special Correspondent of the leading journal who accompanies the Aus trian army. With due allowance for his obvious and perhaps natural leaning to his Austrian com rades and protectors, that correspondent, as a writer of high character and keen observation, will doubtless do good service in correcting garbled and exaggerated statements. Already he infers that tlie bulk of the Piedmontese people dislike the war ^ that the Austrians havo acted with more tact and moderation than their enemies describe ; and that t lie Sardinians have even carried off women to labor at the works at Casale. The last will .sound strange, almost incredible, to readers who may be unaware that many of the female peasantry of Piedmont, like the women of some parts of the south of Ireland, mainly perform the severest out door drudgery and toil, while the men quietly stand by and give orders; At all events, it is reassur ing to have a good chronicler to photograph the » compaign, true to life. French military annalists are generally accused of ' cooking ' history, of straining after dramatic effect, and of being so . devoted to martial glory and systematic bounce, as to be quite ' too modest for the naked tTUth.' The French Loan has proved a great success. The Emperor has been offered three or four times as much money as he wants just yet, and the Monileur is instructed to say that ' such results prove the solidity of the French financial system, and the wealth power and patriotism of France ; they also show the intimate union between France and the Emperor, and the entire confidence of the nation in the strength and wisdom of the Sove reign who presides over its destinies.' No doubt a good deal of this is sheer nonsence. The ' solidity of the French financial system ' is no more proved by the eagerness of the people to subscribe to the Loan than it would be by another railway or mining mania, or by a repeti tion of the South Sea Bubble. Nevertheless, the manner in which the loan has been taken up is really something significant. It shows that the war is lamentably popular with large masses of the French people, and that their faith in the Em peror's fatalism is undiminished. Prussia is preparing herself for all possible eventualities, although both the Eegent himself and the members of the Diet have, for the most part, been singularly vague in their allusions to the policy which she may ultimately feel called upon to adopt. ' Prussia,' says the Prince Eegent, ' is resolved to maintain the bases of in ternational law and the balance of power in Europe. It is her right and her duty to provide for the safety and the defence of the national in terests of Germany. She will not relinquish her guardianship over these governments. Prussia expects that all the German Confederates will stand firmly by her side in the solntion of mistakes, and will place confidence in her desire to act for the common country.' If there is nothing in this to lead to the supposition that Prussia contemplates the immediate abandonment of her present posi tion, ' not of neutrality, but of armed mediation,' there is much to justify the inference that she con templates at least the possibility of being called upon to take part in the war ' in the interests of . international law and of the balance of power in Europe.' The minor German powers can hardly restrain their people from hurrying south to join Austria. In the debate in the Prussian Chamber, M. de Vincke, who was enthusiastically cheered, had pronounced that Prussia ought ' to arm to the teeth,' as he thought the war in Italy was only the first act in the drama, and that the others will be played on the Rhine, then in England, then in ' Russia ; and that while Belgium, Holland, and Switzerland would stand by Prussia, if England, Prussia's ally in the seven years' war, hesitated to do so again, tho ghost of Chatham would rise to warn her. It is understood, however, that an English note to the Confederation at Frankfort intimates that, if the German powers interfere with the war in Italy, the ports of Germany, if sub jected to a French blockade, cannot be assisted by England. There can indeed bo no doubt that, if the Emperor of the French should venture in this desperate game beyond a certain point, he will find the whole of Germany confederated and arrayed against him ; whether the certainty of this will in any manner restrain him it is not very easy to foretell Russia is reported to be making certain mil itary movements which, to say tho least of them, look ominous. The Emperor, it is said, lias al ready given orders that five corps d'armee shall be placed immediately upon a war footing, with tho whole of the artillery and cavalry belonging to each, and in addition to this we are informed that 'the reserves aro to bo called in, and all soldiers on furlough to rejoin their colours, to be ready to march within three months.' This may mean little, or it may mean much. It may mean 'preparation,' or it may mean simple 'precau- tion ) ' but we confess we do not like tho look of it. ' Eussia might very easily havo carried out Lor engagement with France, to place an army of observation on her German frontier, without call ing in her reserves or placing so large a body of troops upon a war footing; and, in spite of dip lomatic assurances, we can scarcely divest our selves of tho idea that there is still something in the background — some ulterior object, if not fome ? ooyert understanding — which it does not suit her present purposo to disoloso. At all events it will bo quite as well to keep a sharp look out, for we know froinexporiencothatbothllussia and Franco aro only too apt to say one thing when they mean anothor. Tho Peano Sooiety hold its annual meeting on Tuesday, aud, as usual, a good deal of nonsense was talked on tho oocasiou. One speaker sneered at the Poet Laureate as ' a gentleman with an unknown name,' aud another declared that 'rillo clubs were an absurdity, which would nevertheless bo exceedingly popular,' and that 'moral force has never been properly tried.' They say that large armaments aro pro vocative of war, aud they exhort the Govern ment, if thoy wish to avoid war, ' to abstain from such menacing demonstrations of force as must tend, by stimulating worlike passions at home, and cxciting suspicion and animosity abroad; to bring about the very evil wliich the nation so earnestly and universally dcprecatcs.' What they mean, wo suppose, is, that we should fifoufr-po channel fleet — send no additiou.il ships to tho Mediterranean — make no attempt to obtain cither soldiers or sailors — but just rest quietly upon our oars, and take our chance. They might just well go one step further, and propose to us to disband our army, dismantle our fleet, and destroy our defences altogether. There are surely not ten men out of Bedlam with whom these Peace Socicty theories would find favor. . 