THE PBEDICAMENT OF THE MINISTRY. (From the Bendigo Advertiser, i J. nat Uie tote ot the present Ministry is sealed seems to be an admitted tact on all sides. There does not seem to be the ghost of a chance for their recovering the defeat they have sustained so far aa the elections have gone. It is not simply that four Minis ters are now wandering about the country like disembodied spirits on the banks of the infernal Styx, waiting for a friendly Charon of a constituency to ferry them over the gulf that separates from Parliament and place. Even admitting that these Ministerial out casts receive fHendly shelter in the bosom of some compassionate electoral districts, yet is thc doom of the Cabinet just as certain as ever, unless some extraordinary and un looked for interposition of their good fortune saves them. We can see no means by which they can make np for the overwhelming ma jority that is now arrayed against them. The defeated Ministers can only get back to Parliament by means of some partizans in some friendly constituencies making way for them, and thus while they gain one'way they lose another. Whatever the result of the appeal of the four Ministers to other constituencies, it is certain that the ultimate result will be mush the same. ' The Administration cannot long survive the re-assembling of Parliament. Its fate is surely indicated by publia opinion in the various districts. Wherever the struggle was between ministerialists and anti-ministe rialists, in almost every instance, with the exception of Emerald Hill, the result was in favor of the latter. This has been the case in mining cone ti tuen ciee as well as in the me tropolitan and country districts. At Ballarat the result was most striking. In the west portion the two' ministerial men-popular favorites-did not poll half the number of votes polled by their opponents. In the east portion the anti-nüniateridist was returned at the head of the poll, eren over Humffray ; and Belford, the ministerialist, was ignomi niously rejected. The same _rule has been observed elsewhere, and it would have held good here had any candidate come for ward in avowed antagonism to the Minis try. As it is, both 'Sandhurst and Mandurang stand despised among the various districts of the colony for. the indifference manifested on a subject that has so much agitated public opinion during the past few months. Had there been any can didates in the field of the right sort, we should have had some expression of opinion either one way or other. Aa it is, so little is known that we find the Age putting down the two Sandhurst members as Ministerialists. Mr Howard can hardly be flattered with that designation, although he may be in favor of dealing in a spirit of fair play with the Cabi net. We observe that Carpenter is also booked as a Mi listeria! follower. Surely that satisfies the egotism of the smelter. He can now write home and inform his wondering friends that Tom Carpenter counts for some thing in the political world of Victoria. We should like to hear theirsueeeeding comments upon Victorian politics. Although we by no means regret to find that the inordinate egotism and self- assu rance of this Cabinet have received a check, and that the many public faults and miscon duct of which they have been guilty during their term of office, are now likely to be se verely punished, we are not blind to the danger that exists in any great reaction. Bad as these men hare shown themselves to be, let ns not forget that at all events they repre sented popular principles, or were supposed io represent them in Parliament. Personal character should go a long way without doubt ; but we cannot agree with a Melbourne journal that nothing but persorrai character is to be looked to in selecting mm to fill the position of representatives or of Ministers. If the world had only depended upon what is called respectability of character, it would still have been in the dark ages. We want something more for the Government of the country-we want sound judgment, general intelligence, and broad views upon public matters. By all means, let the mere charac terless vaporers, wbosejprofessions arc likely to be as ragged as their reputations, be sent to Coventry ; but do not fell into the mistake that "respectability" is alone sufficient for the Government of the country. We are sincerely glad to see the O'shan assy Ministry receive the severe rebuke that public opinion has given to them; but let ns take care that this reaction does not throw the country into the hands of men without liberal principles, and opposed to popular views, and thus throw the colony back several years.- There is a difficult task just now to be accomplished, and we shall watch with interest the events of the next two or three months. Let not the enemies to pro gress fancy that because the whole country rejoices in the overthrow of an Administra tion which had ceased to inspire either re spect or confidence, therefore the public will consent to see the Government carried on in antagonism to those principles upon which the O'shanassy Ministry was supposed to be based. We have not a word to say for the present Administration. Iiet it be cut np root and branch, for it has toolong cumbered the ground. But let us take care that the cause of progress and liberal legislation is not confounded with Ministers and sacrificed with them._ 