ADELAIDE: MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,1859. THE AFFAIRS OF ITALY. The aspect of affairs in Italy, as developed by the events of the month comprised in our last budget of news, is one of expectancy. As in a eame of chess, when each of the rival players has established a strong defensive position, both postpone, as long as possible, the change of tactics which must necessarily bring on a decisive conflict so all the leaders of Italian movements are awaiting anxiously the next developments of their antagonists' plans. The Emperor of France rests upon his triumph in arms and the diplomatic successes which the Moniteur affirms to be still more complete and brilliant. The Emperor of Austria relies upon the strength of bis position, de fended by treaty, by imperial arrangement, and by powerful fortresses. The King of Sardinia quietly abides the progress of events ; secured against Austrian arms by the French alliance, strengthened against French domina tion by the spirit of the Italian people. And the Italian people, standing upon their vigor ous assertion of their right to choose for them* selves rulers when abandoned by the despots who have so long held them in subjugation by brute force, rely on the explicit promise of their ' Liberator' and the public opinion of Europe. Somehow or other this rranquil attitude must be disturbed. The position of the States of Cen tral Italy 13 anomalous, and in its very nature essentially transitory. They have chosen only provisional Governments and a temporary constitution. Even to permit the continuance of their existing condition involves the defeat of Austria's most cherished hopes, and the abandonment of Louis Napoleon's arrange ment with his imperial brother. But that alternative, although apparently the easiest thing to do, is simply impossible ; for the first use which the Tuscans and their like-minded neighbours have made of their independence is to proclaim their adhesion to the kingdom of Piedmont. The questions raised are — Shall the people of the Duchies be permitted to exer cise the freedom which they have won and which France has guaranteed ; or shall they be coerced by force of arms, or the scarcely milder form of imperial dictation, into the adoption of a rule which they loathe and repu diate ? The difficulties of the situation appal all the actors in it, and they look to a Euro pean Congress as the only mode of their solu tion. The attitude of the States of Central Italy must command universal admiration among free people. They are acting in the intelligent and heroic manner of communities who 'know their rights, and knowing dare maintain.' Neither the blandishments of that monarch who proclaims himself their only European friend, nor the ill- concealed menaces of that Power which has so lately exhibited its terrible effects before their eyes, shakes their steadfast resolution. They have tasted in centuries of misrule the bitter fruits of disunion; and they have profited by that expe rience. They determine now to be united as the necessary condition of being free. Even when the proposal to receive again their self exiled dukes comes before them in the insidious guise of a condition precedent to the freedom of Yenetia.they have intelligence and resolution enough to reject it. Artful indeed was the bait thus offered to a generous and Bpirited people — the liberty of a sister state; keen, indeed must have been the penetration and stern the consciousness of right which enabled them to detect and refuse it. In all their con duct through the trying scenes in which they have recently been tested, the Italians have shown qualities which render them eminently fitted for freedom and self-government. States men and commonalty, soldiers and civi lians, Tuscans, Modenese, Parmese, and even the subjects of the Pope — all have Bhown that rare self-command which averted premature action — that vigorous promptitude which will not permit the de cisive moment to pass unimproved. They have suffered oppression long with a rare patience, which scarcely gave their oppressors i pretext for the violence they would gladly lave used. They have taken constitutionally legal ground for the course they have now zhosen. And they have done a wise and sig nificant deed in organizing a confederated army with Garibaldi for their Generalissimo. Austria still acts towards Italy as though she had learned nothing by misfortune, and forgotten none of her pretensions. The funda mental basis of the instructions to Prince Metternich when dispatched to Paris to propose another interview batween the Em perors was that ' the fixed resolve of Austria is never to recognise the principle of allowing a people to choose its own Government.' Let our readers examine with care the following extract from the Ost Deutsche Post, and they will find this principle unconsciously pervading every thought. Peoples, in Austrian estima tion, are nothing — kings and their satraps the only real interests of the world. Any arrange ment which includes a crowned head may be tolerated, but a republic — horrible monster ! — must be crushed by armed force. The fol lowing is the passage which elucidates the Austrian position : — 'The question of the Dichiea will not much impede he proceedings of the authors of the peace, as it haa )«en completely settled in the preliminaries of peace, t will present but very few difficulties of detail, aud hose will not in reality belong to ihe sphere of action of he Conference. The clauso of the preliminaries by rhich the expelled Sovereigns are to return to their States may be simply copied into the treaty of peace. ;t will without doubt be therein copied, such ai it is- with perhaps a clause in favour of the Duke of Parma. The execution will not therefore bs an object of situ ation, but a question of face. The affair of tbc Duchies jecome3 very simple when one fact is not forgotten, to which the journals pay but little attention. It is, that the King of Sardinia Eigned the preliminaries of Villi franca, including the clauso relative to the Duchies, Whether he did it willingly or un willingly matters little. He did it, and he will be obliged by the other contracting Pewers to hold to it. King Victor Emmanuel is bound by his signature, and as neither Austria nor France is disposed to allow the article to fall to the ground, he must also sigu the treaty of peace which reproduces ir. Kin; Victor Emmanuel cannot therefore accept the annexa tion of the Duchies. At this moment — that U before the signature of the peace— he is still free to .leave hope to his admirers by saying to them : ' I cannot yet ex plain myself, for I do not yet know what will be the fiaal result of the Conference ;' but when the treaty of peace, including an article on the restoration of the legitimate Sovereigns, shall be signed, tho King of Sardinia can only express in hia declaration the regret that he was not able, in spite of the best intentions, to annex the Duchies to his kingdom. The restoration will then take place of itself. Yictcr Emmanuel will not accept hU election, and his Interest will not permit him to let another candidate be chosen. He would, moreover, con demn a proclamation of the republic, and the same weuld be the case with Frauce aad Austria. The proclamation of a republic would be, in our opinion, the only case that could occasion an armed intervention. The res toration of the legitimate Princes will not necessitate any such intervention. Let the Piedmontese volunteers aud soldiers who agitate the Duchie3 iu the disguise of national gnard3 be removed, and that can easily be done by menacing the King of Sardinia to cause French troops to remain at Milan, Turin, and Genoa, so long as the Piedmontese shall remain in the Duchies. Let, we say, the populations of Central Italy be delivered from revolutionary terrorism, and reaction will take place of itself for the advantage of tho dispossessed Sovereigns, supposing that those Sovereigns proclaim tho reforms and Institutions to which the populations are entitled.' The House of Hapsburg has two antipathies — one against liberty in the abstract, the other against Sardinia as the concrete realization of that idea in Italy ; and it is curious to see how tho two ideas show themselves in the passage we have quoted, and induce coatradictory statements. That a people should choose its own rulers is a monstrous heresy ; but it would be tolerated in the case of the Duchies, if they would select the Austrian Archdukes. And they would do so but for the machinations of that hated State, Sardinia. The monarchs must settle all these matters, aud they have settled them ; but there will be no difficulty with the people if France will only 'menace' the King of Sardinia into straightforward dealing. That crafty, agitating, unutterably vile Prince cannot help himself diplomatically, for he has signed the stipulations of Villafranca ; make him withdraw his 'revolutionary terrorism' from the Duchies, and the people who have no right to express an opinion on the question oi government will choose their dear ill-used Archdukes. Such is the drift of the article, and such doubtless are the ideas of the Kaiser. The acts of the Italians furnish the best reply. The position of the King of Sardinia is simple and intelligible, although not devoid ol danger — that of the Emperor of France con tradictory and doubtful, although not inexpli cable. In another article we will endeavour to trace the principles on which both these monarchs are acting, as well as to foreshadow the influence which England will probablj exert on the settlement of Italian affairs. Missing Lettees. — There is every reason to suppose that the blunder, once or twice committed befor?, of carrying a portion of the South Australian mail to the adjacent colonies has again beefi repeated. Our London corres pondent's letter, which but for those accidents invariably reaches us, ha3 not this time been received at the Post-Office, and from the com plaints of others, it appears that a great many communioations have been miscarried in the same manner. Wo do not know what par ticular officer is to blame for this ; but as it is a piece of negligence which involves an immense amount of inconvenience to persons desirous of answering letters by the homeward mail, as well as to others, we are surprised that so gross a blunder should not be carefully guarded against. It is to be hoped that the local Post Office authorities will not fail to repeat their remonstrances on this important subject. Victoeia Theatre. — ' Hamlet' was played magnificently by Mr. Claranco Holt on Saturday even* ing. Mrs. Holt did equal justice to the guilty Queen, and the company generally acquitted themselves in a style which not only commanded the applause of the audience, but deserved ic Mr. Holt appeared the very beau ideal of the elegant prince, the philosophical scholar, the outraged son, the wayward lover, aud the wavering avenger. The character of Hamlet is perhaps the most wonderful of all Shakspeue's creations. It is unique as an exemplification of human nature — its capabilities and shortcomings. It is perfect in its delineation of imper fections. It preaches with a power no homily can exer cise that 'mind— mind alone' is nut sufficient in this work-day world to assert right or to redreis wrong. It shows how ' men of thought' may render reasons or discuss principles; but that it is the 'men of action' who 'clear the way,' and reuiize more than the poet fancied or the philosopher theorizad. It is in no way surprising that the character of Hamlet should be a favourite with every section of the most mixed audiences. Every individual perceives beneath the ' inky cloak.' and sad seeming of the Royal Dane that which makes him ' more than kin' to all mankind. He, indeed, who has not hesitated in important matters, nor pondered on probabilities, nor estimated contin gencies, nor magnified difficulties.nor coBJured up doubts, nor shrunk from consequences until he became almost unfit far action, may have no fellow-feeling with Hamlet. The great majority of mankind, however, are not blessed with prescience and decUion, or cursed with stupidity and recklessness sufficient to enable them to set reason aside aad act impulsively for right or wroBg. It is the Infirmity of human mature 'to. resolve, and re resolve, and die the same,' and therefore il I Is that every man conscious of vacillation to his owk mind and of consequent hesitation in action, see* In Hamlet something more than a beautiful figment of dramatic fancy, .and greets him on every ap pearacce not only as a reality but as ** a man and i brother.' Then there is so much wit, .wisdom, and ex quisite poetry in his prosing— so much sound, honest, seutiment in his denunciations of crimes abhorrent to all mankind — to much to engage attention and excite inte rest in the 'surrounding circumstances,' where bit nearest relatives are his deadly enemies, his friends arc bought over to betray him, and his innocent lady-love ii all unconsciously employed to ensnare him, that the spectator must be a ' muddy- mettled rascal' who does not admire a being so graced, so gifted, and so unfortu nately situated. We have said that Mr. Holt loeked and played the character to admiration, and it Is, per haps, better to dispose of the matter in that general wai than to attempt to select, where all was excellent, points or passages for particular commendation, We aoticed some omissions which might have been intentional, some readings which may not be im provements; bnt upon the whole it is difficult to con- ceive anything finer than Mr. Holfs Hamlet. The numerous dramatis pertonm in the tragedy rendered il necessary that oeveral members of the company should do doable duty, and tkey did so in a very creditable manner. Musgrave dressed and acted Polonitu care folly, and while he by no means equalled some oldei actors whom we have seen in that character, he gave very fair promise of future excellence; as tne second graveiigger he was all that could be desired. Creswick represented the King well, and the Ghost batter. Seftorj threw, we thought, a little too much physical force into Laertes, but he gave the difficult declamation of the first actor gracefully and naturally. Squires was s capital Horatio, and Jackson, strange to say, eschewed some of the standard buffoonery ol the first gravedigger, made the most of the hu morous points in the dialogup, and kept the house ' in a roar,' not only with bis jokes but with hu pickaxe and spade, illustrating to the intense delight ol the gallery the movement known as ' the Government stroke.' Of Mr*. Holt's Queen, we have briefly spoken in terms of emphatic approval Miss Marie Nelson'i Ophelia deserves olio special mention. She was the honest, loving, but astounded girl In her interview! with Hamlet; she was lively almost to archness in re ciprocating advice with Laertes, she was submissive and trmthful when questioned and schooled by Polonius, and her sweet snatches of mania melody moved many in the home to tears. The manager deserves well of all play goers for the superior entertainments he has presented during the week, and in addition to present attractions we understand that he has engaged an old favourite— Mr. Mungall, who may be expected during the coming week. When he arrives there will doubtless be a revival of pieces in which there are Scotch characters, which he so ably represents, and which are destined to preserve a remembrance of bygone men and things in 'the Land ??Cake*.' 