POLICE. CITY COURT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4. (Before the Police Magistrate, Mr. E. P. S. Sturt, Mr. Farrar, and Mr. Hull.) DRUNKENNESS AND DISORDERLY CONDUCT. —Mary Brennan, Patrick Cahill, Mary Church, John Evans, Blanche Hubbard, John Holland, Francis Heffernan, alias George Erskine (recently discharged at Geelong for the Apollo Bay mur- der), Mary Ann Gelby, Patrick Hayes, Francis Hannigan, Andrew Halligan, Benjamin Morgan, Thomas Morgan, Robert Pritchard, William Pender, John K. Pow, Ann Wilson, and James Watkins, were each fined 5s. for being drunk. An aboriginal named Timothy was brought up on a similar charge, and dismissed with an admo nition to leave tbo town, and in future abstain from intoxicating drink. Mr. Thomas, who en tered the Court at this moment, was understood to communicato to the prisoner in the aboriginal tongue, the magistrate's request. Mary Ann Williams, for being drunk aud making uso of obscene language in the public street, was ordered to gaol for one month, such conduct on her part being frequent. Jas. Devereux was fined 10s. for being drunk whilst in charge of his horse, Richard Vaughan, brought up for being both drunk and disorderly, was lined Es. Jane Jamieson, a woman of immoral character, who has on several occasions boen before tho Com t for various of- fences, was charged with disorderly conduct in the street. The apprehending constable said he had arrested the prisoner for throwing stones in the street. She was fined 20s. Charles Robert- son, convicted of assaulting Police-constable, Clarke, in the discharge of his duty, and rescuing a prisoner from his custody, was fined 51., or an alternativo of one month in gaol. Mary Overton, a woman of abandoned charactor, was sent to prison for two months for oxcitiiig a mob to rescue a prisoner from tho custody of tho same constable, and assaulting tho latter in the execu- tion'of his duty. FURIOUS RIDING.-Lewis Samuel was charged with furious riding in Lonsdale- street, yesterday evening. Tho prisoner said ho had no idea he was breaking the law, and would in future take careno avoid doing so. Mr. Sturt said, that in» order to impress the fact moro clearly on tho pri- soner's memory, he should fino him 20s. i . FIGHTING IN TIIE STREET.-Lewis Neume gan and Peter Patterson wore fined ¡5s. each for fighting together on tho previous' ovening,i in. Russell-street. LEADING AN UNBROKEN HORSE THROUGH THE STREETS.-John Ramige for this offonoo was fined 10s. ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON. - Catherine Drew was charged with stealing £6 from Charles Linn in a house of ill-fnmc. Tile evidence being ?unsatisfactory, the Bench, after admonishing the prisonor, allowed her to bo set at liberty. OBSCENE LANGUAGE. - Margaret Cahill, charged with disorderly conduct and using ob- scene language in the Friend-in-Hand public liouso, was fined 20s. Tho prisoner's husbaud had been previously fined for drunkenness. , PLYING FOR HIRE WITHOUT A LIÖENOE, John Dwyer, John Cox, and James McCelermack wero brought up for this offonco by City In- spector Dabbs. The former was fined 5s., and tlia .two 'latter 10s. each. Tho prisoners 'woro cautioned not to appear boforo the Court again on a similar charge, or tho penalty would b3 doubled. BREAKING A CHINAMAN'S WINDOWS, Charles Hagemann, a tall, eccentric-looking foreigner, stated to bo a German, was charged with wilfully breaking a pane or glass, value 2s. Gd., in the window of a Chinaman's store in Little Bourke- street. Ah Sing, aftor being duly sworn, deposed, through tho medium of au in- terpreter named Hoambie, that at about 11 o'clock on the previous night the prisonor oanu into hi? shop and demanded to be supplied with drink. He said ho did not sell any. Prisoner then became vory violent aud abusive, said ha could fight a dozen Chinamen, and broke the windows of the store with a stick. He did not know the prisonor, and liad never seen hint before. Polico-constablo A 65 said he was called to the last witness's storo shortly after 11 o'olock the previous night. Ho saw the prisoner oútaida in the street, creating a great distúrbanos. Prisonor complained of having been assaulted by sovoral Chinainen, and was brandishing a ¡stick. Ho appeared very o.xoited. He was not drunk. The Bench ordered the prisonor to pay a fino of 5s., and 2s. Cd. damages. HAVING NO NAME ON DRAY. - Daniel Donnelly was brought boforo the Court by City Inspector Dabbs, charged with not having Ms name and residence duly painted on his dray. Fined 10s. ' A ROGUE AND A VAGABOND, - James Rodgers, alias Williams, was placed in the dook on tho above charge. Detective Williams de posed to having arrested the prisoner, whom he knew to have been convicted of committing a burglary at the Kilkenny Inn, in company with a man named Grant. Tiio latter had since beorí sentoncod to seven years'ponai servitude. Ho know tho prisonor in tho dook by the name of John Williams. He received a tickot-of-loavo ia 1854, and since Biat timo had never reported liimself to the authorities, as ho was bound todo, in tho district in vvliich ho resided. By Mr. Stephen.-Ho arrested tho prisoner the previous day oh his own responsibility, when he presented himsolf at the Detective OlBco. Had hoard that he was discharged at tho Court the previous day, after being brought up as a pickpQcket; Mr, Ste? phen characterised the conduct of tho etetcotivos iu re-arrosting the prisonor, in very strong torras, and insisted that Mr. Nicolson, the superinten- dent, by lending himself to such conduct, had insulted the Bench who had ordered tho pri- soner's discharge on tho previous day. Mr. Nicolson cleared himself from the imputation by stating that ho had boen roquested to ro-arrosf the prisonor by one of tho magistrates. Ho de- clined to inform Mr. Stephen from whom ho had received the order. Mr. Stephen manifested great' indignation at the conduct pursued towards, the prisonor, who was ultimately discharged. Mr. Nicolson requested tho prisoner might bo remanded for examination before tho magistrate who had authorised his arrest. Mr. Sturt do-, clinod, and he was once moro set at liberty. ,, STEALING FROM A DWELLING.-John Ford, alias Partridge, was brought up on this charge. The ovidonce adduced boing inconclusive, ho was set at liberty. INDECENCY.-Thomas Homer was fined 5s for indecent conduct in tho public street. STEALING A PAIR OF TROUSERS.-James Jones was placed in tho dock on a charge of stealing a pair of trousers, value 25s., front the shop of Mr. Smith, in Elizabeth-streot. Tho prisoner pleaded " Not Guilty," but the ovidonco was conclusive, and he was sentenced to two months' imprisonment with hard labour. , ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.-John Smith, brought up on this charge, was remanded for seven days for additional ovidonce. STEALING COW HIDES.-Frederick Flowers was brought up, on a remanded charge of stealing, seven cow lnclesj the property of Mr. Montague Berry. The evidence in this caso was not com- plete, and the prisonor was accordingly romanaod until Friday. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-Rose Ormond and Mary Cannivon were charged with attempting to commit suicide the provious day. In tho case of the former prisoner, a boy named Benjamin Kerwin stated that ho had seen her purposely enter into a shallow part of the Yarra, and kneel down in tho water. Ho called assistance, aud she was taken out before she had time to oom Îilote the rash act. Tho accused denied having lad any intention to tako her life. Both tho prisoners were admonished, and discharged. FORGERY.-William Clarke was brought up on a remanded chargo of forging a cheque on Messrs. Watson and Hewitt, tho well-known coach pro- prietors, Mr. Myers, a clothier in Bourko strcet, ßaid the prisoner carno to his shop on Sa- turday to purchase a suit of clothes, for whioh'he tendered in payment a chequo for £15, drawn'on Messrs. Watson and Howitt,' and mado payable to liimself. He said ho was in Messrs. Watson and Hewitt's employ, and had recoivod the' chequo from them in payment of wages. Ho in- formed witness that ho could draw his money whenover he liked. Witness having somo sus- picion of the prisoner's honesty, refused to oash the chequo, and, nt prisoner's request, went with him to Messrs. Watson and Hewitt's stabler When thoy arrived thero, prisoner addressed au ostler vory familiarly, and was replied to in a Hmilar manner. Thst was all the satisfaction^ witness got thero; and, finding that the prisoner could not refer him to tho heads of the establish- ment, ho refused to restore the cheque, and gave him into custody. George Laing, a clerk in tho Bank of Now South Wales, said he knew tho signature of Messrs. Watson and Hewitt, who had an account at that bank. The signature on tho chequo now produced resembled a little the handwriting of ono of the firm ; but witiiosi would not have cashed tho chequo had it boen presented. Mr. Sturt inquired whether cither of the partners were present, and was informed thit Mr. Watson had already given evidence to tli3 effect that tho cheepie was not in his handwriting, and was a forger}-. Tho prisoner was remondo 1 until the following (this) eiay, for the attondanos of Mr. Hewitt, to make a similar deposition. DISTRICT COUBT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4. (Ueforo Mr. C. P. Hackett, S.M. j and Mr. * O'Brien, J.P.) EXPOSING GOODS FOR SALE.-Messrs. San- ders and Co., Joseph Myers, and Samuel, Shemsky, clothiers, were fined 20s. oaoh, for exposing good-, for salo outside their shop doo«. Henry Marks, summoned for a similar offenes, was cautioned. OBSTUUCTINO THE SIREET_David Nesbit was summoned for obttructing Bourke- street, I with a horse and dray, on the ,20th nit. |Ths constable'stated til t the, defendant was 'Con- stantly runnirg the I o -so and dray up and down' tho street, to the constant annoyanoo of the neighbourhood. The defendant was fined 10.. and costs. There was another case against tho defendant for a similar offence, committed oat the 29th ult., which Mr. Hackett dismissed, giving him another chance, at the same/tin» s rongly deprecating tho 'practice < of persons obstructing the upper end of BoUrke-st,roet, in the neighbourhoodf of the horse-yards, , , MAINTENANCE. - John Badcock was sum- moned before the Court by his wife, Sarah Ann Badcock, for maintenance for herself and her two children. The complainant said that her husband lived at North Melbourne. On the 12th of August last, when about to become insol- vent, he requested her to go and live with Mr. Schultz, at St. Kilda, as governess. Mr. Bad- cock had never asked her to return home. She had asked her husband for money whenever he came down to see her. Witness had been with Mr. Schultz since the 12th of August, as governess to his children, and taking care of' his house. Mr. Stephen.-Did you ever live with Mr. Schultz as man and wife ? Witness.-I did not. I am sur- prised at you, Mr. Stephen, above all men in this colony, asking me such a question, as you your- self wanted to be introduced to me. (Great laughter.) I will tell my husband that such is not the case, but I refuse to answer you, Mr. Stephen, with your impertinent questions. I can produce witnesses to prove what I say. The Bench dismissed the case. ILLEGAL DETENTION OF PROPERTY.- F. A. West summoned Messrs. W. P. White and Co. tor detaining two boxes, his property. It ap- peared that the complainant was a passongor by one of the A. S. N. Company's steamers from Sydnoy. At the time he left the Wharf his "boxes wera left behind, and on a telegram being for "warded to Sydney they were sent on by tho Btoamer Wonga Wonga, whon Messrs. W. P. , "White and Co. refused to give up the property until tho freight had been paid on it. The com Ïilainant deposed that he told tho mate about his uggago at Sydnoy, and he answered that it was all right. On his arrival in Melbourne, flndinï that the boxes had not come up with the i passengers' luggage, ho went to tho office of tho agents, and afterwards saw ,tho ! captain, who told him that everything had not boen discharged, and that' probably his boxes would bo in the vessel. On the arrival of the Wonga Wonga the following week the boxes came, but, on application to tho agents, thoy / said that ho would havo to pay 14s. or 16s, as [ freight, unless it could bo provedthat the nogloot , °wns on the part of the mato. Mr. Stephen, on hehalf of tho defendants, said that it was a very ' simple caso, Tho complainant left his boxes in I charge of somebody on board, instead of lookiaj , after them himself, and'tben ho expected that ' the agents would bring tho boxes down at thoir own cost. Mr. Hackett said ho did not knew ?why Messrs. W. P. White and Co. wore sum- moned. By the Act,'the .master of the (vessel was clearly liable; that was,'if the luggage wa. given into tho charlo of the officers ot the ship. -Ho theroforo dismissed the case, with If. Is, costs. EAST COLLINGWOOD POLICE COURT. TUESDAY, OOIOBBR 4. (Before Mr. Vaughan, Chairman ; aud Mr. Fawkner,) ASSAULT.-Isaac Stephens was charged with assaulting Richard Thompson, by knocking hint down in the street, without any provocation. It appeared that there had previously been; sonto Suarrcl botweon the wives of the parties. Tho lench lined the defendant 20s. and costs. DRUNKENNESS.-George Wilkinson vrtq fined 10s. for being drunk wjiijo in chargo of & licensed conveyance. , SMALL DEBTS.- James Smith was ordered to pay Joseph Keust the sum; of 21.10s.," f of work and labour done, and goods sold. The pamo de- fendant was ordered to .pfty John Vessey 21\. 10s.. for iwork and labour done. .THdJBenoa inflicted costs in both cases. - Johnson was ordered to pay Messrs. Tucker and Prowse the sum of !>.. 6s. 3d., for goods sold. The Bench inflicted costs. ST. KILDA POLICE COURT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4. (Before the Hon. Alexander Fraser, M.L. C., Chairman; Dr. Patterson, and Mr. Henri Hart, J.P.'s.) ASSAULTING THE POLICE, &c.-; Alexander Egan and Paul Campbell were charged by Con- stable Leslie, 237 A, with assaulting him in the execution of his duty, and with tearing his clothes. Mr. J. A. J. MacGregor appeared on behalf of the prisoners. It appeared that Con- stable Leslie had been instructed to go out on duty, in plain clothes, on Saturday night last. The assault was an unprovoked one, but had originated apparently in a lark, the attack upon the constable being preceded by the cry of "A ghost, a ghost!" Mr. MacGregor, on behalf of the defendants, stated that the parties had been to the races, and had there been indulging a little, and had further continued their potations in the evening. After hearing the case, Mr. Fraser stated that the Bench were unanimously of opinion that the assault was a most cowardly one, yet, as the men had hitherto borne good characters, one of the magistrates more- over knowing them, they would not punish them severely. Each of the defendants was then fined 40s., with 20s. costs. COW WANDERING.--James Beagley, the town herdsman, and John Smith were charged with the above offence, but there being some extenuat- ing circumstances alleged by Mr. MacGregor, the case was dismissed. USING ABUSIVE LANGUAGE, &c.-Mary; A. Powell, a servant in the employ of Mr. Wil- kinson, of Raglan-terrace, was charged with using threatening and abusive language, and with refusing to obey the lawful commands of her master. Another servant girl, named Free- man, having corroborated the evidence of Mr, Wilkinson, the defendant was told by the Bench that her agreement, which was for three months, was cancelled, and her wages forfeited. BRUNSWICK POLICE COUBT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4. (Before Messrs. Sumner, Egan, and Armstrong.) BREACH OF THE CORPORATION BY-LATTB. -Mr. Mara Miller was summoned by tho Muni- cipal Council of Brunswick upon a charge of having, on Wednesday, the 14th day of Septem- ber lost, whilst holding tho office of chairman of tho Council, refused to sign the minutes of a certain moeting held on tho 7th day of Septem- ber, at tho Municipal Chambers, in contraven- tion of clause No. 3 of the standing orders, being by-law No. 1 of the said Municipality, anu also in contravention of tho statute in that cogo mado and provided. Mr. Gwynn appeared on''bohalf of tho Council. The particulars of the coso woro elicited by the following evidence : -George Wil- liam Frederick Grells doposed- I am town clerk of tho Brunswick Municipality, of > which Mr. Miller is the chairman. 1 produce tho by- laws of tho Council. On the 14th day of .September there was a mooting of the Counoil, at which Mr. Miller presided. The minutes of two previous meetings, hold on the 7th and 9th September, wero read. Mr; Miller was requested to sign both of them, and he refused to do so. He signed tho minutes'of the meeting held on the 9th, but declined >to siga thoso of the 7th September. Tho meeting hold on the 9th was a call of tho wholo Council, and not a general meeting. On tho 28th of tho sama month a motion was carried by the Council " That as the chairman had refused to sign tho minutes of the said meeting a fine should bo in ilicted' upon him of Is." That lino Mr. Mdlor refused to pay. Tho minutes of the meeting of September 7 have since boen signed by Coun- cillor Littlo ; that was on tho 29th Soptombor. M he by-laws of the Municipality have been pro- claimed by tho Governor, and have boon duly gazetted. By Mr. Miller.-On the 20th August, u mooting was held at the old Council ohamber, at the Brunswick Hotel, at which all tho Coun- cillors wero present, with tho exception ' of ths chairman. 1'he following is an extract from a resolution then passed-(part of tho 5th olauso of tho second resolution) :-" That tho Coun- cil heroby resolve no longer to carry on the usual business thereof while the said chairman insists on retaining his position." That resolution was carried unanimously. After that the Council carried on their usual business, and certain cheques wore presented at tho bank, ?which woro dishonoured.. Payment of the cheques was stopped by Mr. Miller. I was thoa ? instructed by the Council to call upon thb Trea- surer, and endeavour to'-obtain tho amount duo by the Government of-the subsidy granted to tho Council. It.is a portion of the duty of the Coun- oil to relievo the poor in their district, when thoy ¿ave funds, Some contractors complained that they could not obtain the> money due, to them. She call of the Council, was made for tho 9th September, to take into consideration tho reso- lution passed on the 20th August, which I have just rood. Mr. Miller attended, and protested against a call of the Council, and said J'tho con- sidered tho Council hod virtually resigned, but that if tho resolution arrived at that evening was satisfactory to him, ho should consider'tho Coun- cil alivoj again" (a laugh), or words to that effoot. Tho resolution referred to the motion passed at a special moeting of the Council held.- on the 20th of August, which not being _ considered sufficiently expressive of tho intentions of tho Council i and liable- to misconstruction, waa amended as follows :-". Bo it therefore resolved, that instead of the words ' the lusual/^theroia mode usoof, oroccumng inthescventh line in the said resolution, the words 'other than necessary* be substituted." This resolution was carried, and the business of the Council has since been earned on. I called on the Treasurer for the subsidy due to the Council, and saw the Paymaster, who in- formed me that the money was ready, but could sot be paid to mo upon the order X presented, ?which was a resolution passed by the Counoil on the 21st September. I then saw tho Sub-Trea- surer, bj tho ndviooof the Paymaster/ Mid iras told by him that ho did not think Mr. Harker would authoriso the payment of the money, but ho would see him on the subject. The vouoher3 . being signed by Mr. Miller, the money was paya- ble to him. Subsequently Mr. Harker told mo that ho oouldnot pay mo the money, but that h s would lose no timo in taking the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown upon the question. The amount to be received was 9771. 16s. 3d. Tho monoy has not yet been received.-" Mr. \- Miller has onco Bince signed the minutes of a meeting of the Council. By Mr. Gwynn.i-Tho Councnbank at the Bank of Victoria.. I have the ,'cheques referred to in tay examination. On the 24th August, Mr. Miller requested mo to write to i each membor of the Council, addressing him as ? Councillor. II recollect- receiving, on the 7th 'September, from tho SergeantotPolice, aoopy of the Crown grant to the Municipality, with a note of the minute. Mr. Millorgave me rio in- structions to send copies of the Crown grant to each membor of the Council. I did not try to get the monoy from tho Treasury between the 24th Augu-t and the 9th Soptomoer. Thomas Austin, oxaminod.-I am a membor of the Mu- nicipal Council of Brunswick. I proposed tha resolution which fined Mr. Millor Is. Ho refused to pay it, and said, if ho did pay, it would be ja the ordinary way, before a Bench of Magistrates, with 5s. Ccf. costs. Mr. Gwynn addressod tho Bench on the part of -tho complainants, who, hs said, were not disposed to put up with the indig- nity offeicd thom by the defendant. Mr. Sumner said the Bench had nothing to do with tho feolios exhibited on eithor side. Thoy had simnly to deal with tho facts of the case; and as ltap Îiaared that Mr. Miller had boon guilty of a ¡reach of tho by-laws of the municipality, tKo'y would inflict afino of Is., in addition to tho costs, which amounted to 26s. Gd. Mr. Miller oxpiesscd his intention of submitting the case to the con- sideration of tho Attorney- Gciioral. 