NEWS AND NOTES BY A SYDNEY MAN. LIII. YOU will in all probability have the Emeu's mail by this boat, as the Yarra Yarra has waited for it, so all I have to do is to plunge into the news, which is indeed of great in- terest and importance. The Emeu arrived at Kangaroo Island early last Monday morning, and the tele- graphic intelligence came through in the course of that day and the next. The Emeu's passengers are :— For Sydney — Messrs. R. C. Rodgers, R. Tooth, G Sande- man, Sydney Davis, Coleman, W. Pritchard (H.M. Consul for Feegee,) Misses Pritchard, Miss Tooth and servant, and Captain Rey- nolds, R.N. The following is a summary of the news : The Austrian's were defeated in a great battle on the right bank of the Mincio. The losses on both sides were very great. The basis of a treaty of peace was conclud- ed at Villa France, on the 11th July, between France and Austria. The Emperor Napoleon left the Camp im- mediately after the conclusion of Peace, and arrived at St. Cloud on the 24th June. The Emperor of Austria addressed his troops at Verona, to the effect that Peace was made only because he was forsaken by his natural allies, alluding to Russia and other German States. The Emperor and Empress of the French were about to pay a visit to the Emperor and Empress of Austria. THE TREATY. The official preliminaries of peace are as follows:— Both Sovereigns will favor the formation of an Italian Confederation. Austria re- linquishes Lombardy up to the Mincio line, but retains Venetia with Peschiera, Mantua, and Borgo Forte. She joins the Italian Confederation, but probably with Venetia alone. The Tuscan and Modenese Sove- reigns return to their States. All persons compromised during recent events receive full amnesty. In consequence of the treaty Count Cavour and other members of the Sardinian Cabinet resigned. In England the peace concluded between France and Austria, is looked upon as igno- minious, and it is said that " the English Government will not be a party to the treaty of Villa Franca entered into between France and Austria." The Home News of July the 18th says: —" It is satisfactory to find that the present Government have no intention of relaxing the endeavors made by the late administration for putting the country in a good posture of defence; on the contrary the Duke of New- castle stated in the House of Lords on June 30th, that with a view to the important part which in all probability we shall be called upon to play—whether of a peaceful kind or otherwise, the defences of the country will not be neglected." The Italian States of the Church were in a disturbed condition. A revolt had taken place in Perugia, and was savagely repressed by the mercenaries of the Pope. A pitiless slaughter took place in that city, and serious mutinies in the Nea- politan armies. Advices have been received from Naples to the night of the 9th July. Some Swiss troops marched into the barracks and killed the Colonel of the 4th Rcgimont and several officers ; they afterwards repaired to the Royal Palace ; but a battalion of Chasseurs and a regiment of Hussars, posted there, forced them to hold back as far as the Champs de Mars, where they were sur- rounded. The General Commander-in-Chief of the Swiss called upon them to surrender, but they replied by a discharge of firearms, wounding the General and about twenty privates. General Munpeiante than gave orders to fire on the mutineers with grape, by which 70 were killed and 233 wounded. I continue the news from the Empire's telegrams. The account of the battle was telegraphed to the Herald. The movement of German troops towards the Rhine was arrested, in conseqnence of the Peace between France and Austria. The Home News of the 18th July gives the following :— Our domestic news is not very important. We are hardly yet out of the transitions of the General Elections. Parliament has not had time to mature any great measures, and although many motions have taken sub- stantive shapes, and numerous questions have been put and answered, there is a lack of large questions. The Reform Bill is put off till next session, and with the exception of the Budgets, English and Indian, we cannot reasonably look for much work in the present session. One of the most remarkable instances of the session, as far as it has gone, is the large majority by which the second reading of the Bill for the Abolition of Church Rates was carried, being no less than 70, in a House of 456\. Lord Palmerston and Lord John Rus- sell both supported the measure, paid high tributes to the voluntary principle, and de- clared their belief that the Church would be strengthened rather than weakened by the abolition of rates. The new Ministers are going through their arduous duties with vigour and effi- ciency. The English and Indian Budgets may both, or at all events one of them, be ex- pected next week. The Revenue Returns for the last Quarter exhibit a general increase of £200,000 ster- ling. The Government has undertaken to supply twenty-five per cent, of the rifles re- quired for fully arming the volunteer corps for the purpose of practice. No Volunteer corps are to be formed in Ireland. A great contest took place for the repre- sentation of Marylebone. Lord Fermoy was returned. Lord Hendly has succeeded Mr. Vermon Smith, as Member of Parliament for North- ampton. The Government has in preparation a Bill for the purpose of effecting certain reforms in the Corporation of the City of London. The appeal in the case of the Mount Gar- rett estates has been dismissed by the House of Lords. Dr. Smethurst was again placed upon his trial at the central Criminal Court, charged with murdering Miss Banks, at Richmond, by means of slow poison. The case had pro- ceeded for one day, when it was again post- poned until next sessions, in consequence of the illness of a juryman. Advices from the United States convey the information that Walker, the famous " filli- buster," is preparing another expedition against Nicaragua. In our shipping columns of yesterday we reported the loss of the Ship Shah Jehan, wiih a large number of passengers. The intelligence is confirmed by our telegram per Emeu, from Adelaide, which says:-"The Shah Jehan, from Calcutta to the Mauritius, took fire on the passage and abandoned ; only 64 saved out of 500 souls." All members of the House of Commons holding seats in the new Government, have been re-elected. Mr Gladstone had a severe contest for the Oxford University. Mr. Cobden was turned, but had declined a seat in the Cabinet, reserved for him by Lord Palmerston. Sir Charles Villiers had been appointed President of the Poor Law Board, with a seat in the Cabinet. Mr. Milner Gibson had accepted the Pre- sidency of the Board of Trade which had been declined by Mr. Cobden. Mr. Cogan had declined an Irish Lordship of the Treasury, which had been conferred on Mr. Maxwell. Lord Eglinton was made an English Earl by the style and title of Earl of Fantor. The Right Honorable Mr. Brady is re-ap- pointed to the Chancellorship of Ireland. Sir John Moncrieff has been again ap- pointed Lord Advocate of Scotland. Mr. [Vernon ?] Smith had been elevated to the Peerage, by the title of Lord Lynden. Mr. Wilson had been named Privy Coun- sellor, and appointed Vice-President of the Board of Trade. Mr. H. G. Hughes, Q.C., had been ap- pointed a Baron of the Exchequer in Ire- land. Mr. Colin Blackburn had been appointed, to the puisne Judgeship vacated by Sir W. Erle, who is appointed to succeed Chief Justice Cockburn. The immediate consideration of the pro- posed Postal Communicaton to Australia via Panama, was strongly urged upon the Government by influential parties in Eng- land. The acceptance of the sovereignty of the Feegee Islands, preferred through Mr. Prit- chard, by the native chief Thakambore, was under the consideration of the British Government. A Select Committee had been appointed, to enquire into all Contracts for Mails, and for Telegraphic Communications. At a period of great excitement in Europe, two more of the Crowned heads have been laid low. Intelligence has been received of the death of the King of Sweden and the Queen of Portugal. The Pacha of Egypt has withdrawn the permission previously given to M. Lesseps, for the execution of the works necessary to form a canal through the Isthmus of Suez. Australian debentures are at a premium of £103 to £110 10s. per cent. Copper, £117 7s. 10d. No sales of Wool are reported, but an ad- vance on the rates realised at last sales is generally expected. Tallow has been very much depressed, and prices, owing to the hot weather, have de- dined to 53s. on the spot, and 54s. in the case of sellers for the last three months. Very little has been done in Australian hides, in many cases one farthing per lb. de- cline, has been submitted to. Only a small portion of those offered were disposed of. Leather has met with steady sales, at pre- vious rates. Rum has been very dull, and prices have declined 1d. per gallon ; brandy is in moderate demand, and advices from Cognac are likely to give a firmer tone to the market. There is no change to report in wine, but unfavor- able advices from Spain and Portugal are likely to give the market a lift. The following vessels sailed for Sydney during the month of June ,-Abyssinian, Blue Jacket, Earl of Shaftesbury, Blackwall, Damascus, Thomas Campbell, Vimeira. On July 1st, Malakoff, Caribou. Arrived. -Duncan Dunbar, Wave of Life, Speedy, Moravian, Jason, Light of the Age, Leichhardt, Walter Hood, and Granite City. Lord John Russell, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, had stated it to be his opinion that the result of the late war had not at all improved the liberties of Italy. There has been a general rise in European stocks, in consequence of the peace between France and Austria. Mr. Gladstone proposed to raise the In- come Tax to 8d. in the pound on £150 in come. Above that amount 13d. in the pound. No additional taxes whatever. The Sovereignty of the Feegees is not accepted, but Mr. Pritchard is sent out by the Government to get further information. The Columbian is supplied with new engines and has beaten all the steamers in the Red Sea. THE PANAMA ROUTE Tho following is a list of the tenders sent in for the Panama mail service : Howard and Lever, 55 days. £119,000 Croskey and Co., 55 days. 140,000 Australian and Pacific Co., 45 days 164,000 Greek and Oriental Co., 55 days ... 164,000 Pearson and Co., 55 days, no amount named. Joseph Cunard, 55 days. 210,000 Royal Mail Co., 65 days. 220,00 SETTLEMENT OF THE QUEENSLAND DEBT. I am enabled to state as a fact that the arrangement and settlement of the public Debt that is to be charged to the colony of Queensland after its separation from New South Wales is to be determined by a Com- mission in the colony. WOOL. The public wool sales are to commence on the 21st of July. About 90,000 bales are catalogued ; but, notwithstanding this large quantity, a rise in last rates is confidently expected. BRISBANE A CITY. I wonder, by the bye, that you don't begin to call Brisbane a city. It is certainly en- titled to that rank, being now a Bishop's see -a see in fact for two Bishops. The Queen has already Gazetted Dr. Tuffnell's appoint- ment, and some of your readers will feel in- terest in the following pastoral from Arch- bishop Polding, respecting the appointment of Dr. Quinn : " Dearly Beloved,-We have to announce to you the erection of Brisbane into an Episcopal See, and the election of the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, of Dublin, to be its first bishop. He has, we are informed, accepted the responsibility. For the present the Holy Father in his wisdom has seen fit to defer the erection of other new Sees. The Right Rev, Dr. Geoghegan, our long known and highly valued friend, is the Bishop elect of Adelaide. His consecration is proposed for the 8th proximo at Melbourne, and we re- quest for him your earnest prayers that the special graces of the Holy Spirit may guide and sustain him in the duties of his august office. " We take the opportunity afforded us in making this announcement, dearly beloved, to exhort you to renewed, and systematic efforts to establish through your various missionary districts, funds adequate to the emergencies we have in prospect. There seems to be no lack of zeal amongst the faithful ; some even have reproached us of the clergy with lukewarmness in the propa- gation of our Holy Faith. Let there be no longer any imaginable colour for such au im- putation. You are, by your sacred office, leaders and guides ; let your own " light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in Heaven." If it be true that the pros- perity which has been your lot, has not hitherto brought forth fruits as rich and various as were to have been expected, make now a fresh beginning that all may say " hæc est mutatio dextræ Excelsi." Every- thing calls for activity and challenges your devotion ; let it be exemplary. Give system and permanency to the impulsive zeal which may else be transitory, and which must be futile even whilst it lives. New centies of action and unity have been desired ; they are already in contem- plation. New leaders of the host of God's army against schism, and self-will, and worldliness, and indifference have been called for ; the sweet workings of our Lord's Pro- vidence will in his due time call them forth ; it will be for you and your flocks to be ready with the needful preparation. Nor is the increase of our hierarchy the only considera- tion that invokes your special efforts. The position of the church with respect to the secular community may change at any mo- ment. What is called State-aid has many enemies, some who are honestly, though most mistakenly, sanguine in their expectations that the mass of the people will regularly and constantly, uninfluenced by private feel- ing, come forward to discharge a self-denying duty ; some, again, conscious of a deliberate attention to act as the caprice of personal likes or dislikes towards particular men may dictate ; some, again, who imagine voluntary support to mean that contribution to re- ligious service is left by Divine will wholly to men's choice, and is in no sense a matter of obligation either in degree or object; and again others, many, it is to be feared, who are indifferent to all the prospects and duties of Christian faith. In presence of such enemies, and amidst the uncertainties of popular government, you have no assur- ance of a continuance to the church of even her present feeble endowment. " We state the case to you plainly, not to dis-spirit and alarm, but to show you that God's providence is addressing you by its especial voice, and is now inviting you to vindicate the honor of your vocation by the promptitude and perseverance of your self devotion. Only lead on your flocks and doubt not they will follow. Whoever amongst them has the true heart of Catholic faith will infallibly recognise and love the call of that priest whose words are but the echo of his own deeds of Catholic faith and love. " We leave in your hands almost all details. Especially, we place at your discretion the power of using, in what degree and mode you may judge best, the co-operation of the laity in the collection of funds, the adjust- ment of accounts, and in devising plans to be submitted to the proper authority, such as maybe thought expedient for the interests if religion in your several localities. What ever freedom of action anyone's peculiar position or talents may lead him to desire shall be freely conceded to the utmost extent consistent with good order and episcopal responsibility. We make only this one rule, and that in order to secure unity and cer- tainty of action. It regards simply the times for the collections in the churches. They should be made on the first Sunday of every month in the year. Eight of these monthly collections shall provide, in con- nexion with the Society for the Propagation of the Faith, the general fund for the wants of the Arch- diocese, and four, the first of each quarter, shall be devoted to the educa- tion, the outfit, and passage of clergy who bind themselves to the mission of this co- lony. Also, at every station, the faithful shall be exhorted to discharge their duty in this regard, and two boxes bearing respec- tively the inscriptions, " For the Propagation of the Faith," and " For the education, &c;, of Clergy," shall be placed permanently in every church. The result shall be periodi- cally published for the common information of the clergy and laity, and to the end that in holy rivalry through every diocese and district you may " provoke each other to love and good works." Gird yourselves then to the task ; you see your calling and your privilege ; we are but interpreting to you the mode of providing for more clergy centres indeed in the providence of our Divine 'Master. The responsibility is the Arch- bishop's, but it embraces in its obligation every priest in his owu district. Accept, we entreat you, then our Lord's invitation. " The fields are white for the harvest." Let the self-devotion of the few reapers who are now here call forth many fellow labourers. May the Everlasting God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, inspire and bless the labour of your hands and hearts. Amen. " JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. " St. Mary's, August 26th, 1859." "BRISBANE A CORPORATE CITY. But not only is Brisbane a City-it is now a Corporate City. A Supplement to the Go- vernment Gazette, issued on Wednesday even proclaims Brisbane a Municipality, and defines the boundaries as under. The title is " The Municipality of Brisbane" The next proclamation will fix the day for nomi nation of officers, and will appoint a Return ing Officer. The following are the bound- aries : " Embracing the Town of Brisbane, in the county of Stanley ; commencing on the left bank of the Brisbane River, at the southern extremity of the north-west side of the road dividing John M'Connell's 13 acres 1 rood and 2 perches, and 21 acres 3 roods and 4 perches, and bounded on part of the east by the north- westside of that road, north-easterly, to the south corner of J. C. Wickbam's 33 acres ; thence on the north by the south- west boundary of Wickham's 30 acres, and the south-west side of the road which forms the south-west boundary of James Gibbon's 86 acres and 30 acres, and T. Shannon's 13 acres and 19 perches, to the new bridge on the Eagle farm Road ; thence by lines north- westerly, in all 37 chains and 24 links, up the north side of York's Hallow Swamp, to a point west of the old road to Eagle Farm, and opposite to the ridge which divides York's and Spring Hollows ; thence by lines, south-westerly, to and along that ridge and the ridge forming the southern watershed of York's Hallow, to a point north by compass from the north-east corner of the Jews' Burial Ground for North Brisbane ; on the west by a line bearing south, and forming the eastern boundaries of the Jews', Roman Catholics,' Presbyterians,' and Aborigines' Burial Grounds,'to the north corner of R. D. Somerset's 2 acres and 38 perches, by tbe south-west side of the road forming the north-east boundary of that land, to a small crook which forms its southern boundary, and by that creek to the Brisbano River, by a line, south-easterly across the Brisbane River, to the north extremity of the west side of Boundary-street, South Brisbane, being the north comer of John Croft's two acres, and by the West side of Boun dry-street southerly to the south side of Vulture-street ; on the south by the south side of Vulture-street and of the road in continuation thereof, easterly, to a point due south of the south-east corner of W. Kent's G acres 1 rood and 13 perches ; and on the re- mainder of the east by a line north to that point, by the west side of the road bounding Kent's land on the east, northerly, to the Brisbane River, by its extension northerly across that river, and by the left bank of the river, upwards, to the point of commence- ment. " DEBTS OF NEW SOUTH WALES AND QUEENSLAND. HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 12. The Earl of Carnarvon asked whether her Majesty's Government would, during the present session, introduce any measure for the partition of the debt of the colonies of New South Wales and Queensland. The Duke of Newcastle said the debt of the two colonies amounted to £2,000,000 or £3,000,000, which had been borrowed for the joint purposes of both colonies. Re- cognising the course which had been pro- posed by his predecessor, he had not come entirely to the same conclusions. His pre- decessor had determined on the introduction of a bill into the Imperial Legislature for settling the question. He (the Duke of Newcastle) proposed on the other hand to remit the question to the colonies them- selves for settlement. Instructions had been sent out to take steps for assembling the legislature of the new colony of Queensland. It was scarcely possible that an arrangement made by the legislature of New South Wales alone would be acceptable to Queensland, and he had therefore suggested that a joint committee should be appointed by each col- ony to settle this question,'and at the same time for the adjustment of the boundary. The foregoing is a summary of all the Eu- ropean news you are likely to care about knowing in a hurry, and I may now pass to what has been the engrossing theme of con- versation here, almost to the exclusion of the English mail, namely, the Ministerial crisis, which was brought about in this wise : Mr. Parkes, who, as soon as Parliament opened, took his seat on the Opposition side, gave notice of a very insidious motion for Friday night. It was-" ' That in the opinion of this House all Customs' duties on tea and sugar, which articles are common necessaries of life to the people of New South Wales, ought to be forthwith repealed.' That an address embodying the foregoing resolution be presented to the Governor-General, pray- ing that his Excellency will be pleased to cause the estimates of revenue to be prepared with a view to the immediate repeal of all such duties." Now the cunning character of this motion may be seen at a glance. No doubt it is highly desirable that the duties should be taken off tea and sugar ; but this motion was not only intended to humiliate the Government by taking the whole affair out of their hands, and thus denoting a want of confidence, but it aimed at binding the Government to reduction that must at once sweep off £150,000 of annual revenue, wilh ont any equivalent whatever. Of course this was only intended to embarrass the Govern- ment, and it was resisted accordingly, hut was nevertheless carried by a majority of one. Next morning Mr. Cowper and his colleasues resigned. It is understood that Mr. Parkes' name, as the member de- feating the Ministry, was at first suggested to the Governor, but that his Excellency de- clined to send for him. Mr. Murray was then named and was entrusted with a Com- missioner to form a Ministry ; but after try- ing all he could-consulting Messrs. Plunkett, Hay, Forster, Martin, Isaaces, and nobody knows who besides, he had to give it up for a bad job, and reported to the Governor General that he was unabled to form a Cabi- net. Mr. Cowper was then sent for again. Mr. Hay's refusal was caused by the fact that the Ministry had been out-voted on the question of repealing tea and sugar duties, which he was opposed to. When the House met again on Tuesday, Messrs. Cowper and Mulray entered into the usual Ministerial explanations, and Mr. Cowper then expressed his intention to go on with tho Government of the country if the vote of Friday night were rescinded-not otherwise. He then proposed an adjourn- ment until Thursday, in order to give mem- bers time to consider. This was opposed hy Messrs. Hay, Plunkett, Parkes, and others, but was carried by 44 to 22. Accordingly the House again adjourned until yesterday, when it re-assembled. Great interest was manifested in the crisis, and there was a large number of gentlemen and respectable citizens outside the Chamber, who could not gain admission, the galleries being crammed. The business was opened by Mr. Darvall making an attempt to prove that Mr. Cowper and his colleagues, having resigned, and then re-taken office, must appeal again to their constituents ; but this was over-ruled, according to May, and finally, after a great waste of time, Mr. Darvall ac- knowledged that the Ministerial side had the best of the argument. The real business was then proceeded with. Mr. Cowper pro- posed the rescission of Parkes' rote, and, after a debate that lasted until half-past twelvo at night, the fuithcr consideration of tho question was adjourned until this after- noon. During these vexations proceedings tho members for tho Queensland districts have behaved very well generally. Mr. Douglass has from the first taken up his position on tho Ministerial side, and although Mr. Hay tried a few nights ago to overawo bim ou some question in which be had sided with the Ministry (it was on the occasion of the election of Chairman of Committee) he did not succeed, and Dalley came ably to his support. Mr. Robert Cribb has exhibited rather too strong an inclination to talk, and has perhaps been too forward for so young a member ; but in the debate yesterday after- noon, on Darvall's quibble, he spoke really well, hit the point closely, and was several times loudly cheered. Mr. Handcock has wisely been silent, but has always voted on the right side, and has been punctual in his attendance. Messrs. Elliott and Walsh are of course regular oppositionists. Mr. Mort is also " tarred with the same brush," but does not seem inclined to go to the very great extremes that some of the party favor. As to your old member Mr. Hodgson, though of course voting in the opposition generally, he has not behaved amiss in this matter, as he has condemned Parkes' motion. We shall see whether he has the candour to vote for the rescission. I had almost forgotten to mention that the Government were beaten on the ques- tion of electing a Chairman of Committees. Mr. Cowper proposed Mr. Arnold, and Mr. Murray proposed Mr. Piddington. After a long debate the amendment of Murray was carried by 36 to 33. This first division of the session goiug against Government, de- termined Mr. Cowper to resign on the next defeat, which he did. His ministry, how- ever, were never more popular than at pre- sent, while, so far as I can gather, Mr. Parkes is rapidly going down in public opinion. It is confidently rumoured that the judges have resolved to suspend his cer- tificate. I send you a review, from the Athenmim, of "Rambles at the Antipodes," in which dear old Brisbane comes in for a share of notice. It is to be hoped that you will avoid the petty squabbles that are already making some of the Municipalities so absurd. In one case there has been a dispute whether the Mayor or the senior Magistrate should preside at the Police Courts ; in another the Aldermen having the largest number of votes have claimed to sit higher up the Council Table than those having the smaller number. I am glad to see that the notice about the proposed leasing of the Islands in the Bay has had a beneficial effect. One of your members informed me that he intended lo wait upon the Land Secretary on the sub- ject; but, in any case, Capt. Wickham, could well act on his own responsibility in this matter. Nothing, I think, could be more erroneous than the supposition that ap- pears to have been indulged in, to tho effect that the Government had any sinister de- sign in this matter. The application, as I before mentioned, came from one of your own citizens-a gentleman, I believe, largely engaged in commerce, and connected with a well-known Sydney brewing establishment. Another extraordinary canard spread at Moreton Bay, was that the Government in- tended to protest against your members taking their seats! Where this wise yarn could have come from I know not, but it was utterly without the slightest founda- tion. A third report, equally talented, was that the Proclamation of Queensland was im- mediately to appear in the Government Gazette. It may appear now, in a day or two, for it is likely that we may have news of official despatches by this mail ; but it is quite erroneous to suppose that anything of the kind would be officially published with- out official instructions. I must now turn to the general news and incidents of the week, which is not al- together devoid of interest. At a special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce last week, a report was read, con- demning the seizure of the opium on board the Kate Hooper, and advising an appeal to the Legislature, the report stands over for consideration. At New England, an impudent robbery has been committed in the vicinity of Armi- dale, twenty-three bags of wheat having been stolen from a farm, and carried off in two horse-waggons. At Timbarra Gold-fields, a subscription has been initiated at a public meeting, for the purpose of paying the expenses of Mr. Hoskins, M.P. for the Gold-fields North. Ann Heath, aged 16 has been drowned in attempting to ford one of the tributaries of the M'Intyre River. Mr. Thomas Cooper, a butcher residing at Waverly, has been killed near Padding- ton, by the uppsetting of a cart on which he was riding. John Supple, an old man of sixty-one, has died in Sussex-street, - from the effects of a fall while in a state of drunkenness. Captain William Crockett, of the ship Winifred, has been committed for trial, but allowed bail, for assaulting a sailor named Gray, who asserts that when at sea the second mate fell overboard, and that the captain was drunk, and gave no assistance in time to prevent him from drowning. He also says that the captain handcuffed him to the deck, and kicked him in the face, because he threatened to report the circumstances in Sydney. Discussion is beginning to be aroused, and properly so, by the probability of a twopenny postage on English newspapers being impos- ed from and after January next, on all papers coming by the overland mail. Miss M'Carthy, the young lady accident- ally shot last Sunday week, is, I am most happy to say, going on favorably. The polling for a member for East Mait- land, in place of Mr. Chambers, takes place on the 15th instant. Messrs. Dickson, Fau- cett, and Thornton, are in the field. Several cases of the terrible disease known as diphtheria, are reported to have occurred -some at Goulburn, some at Maitland, and one I have heard of at Balmain. New Zealand papers report that an intelli- gent Maori skipper, named James Tantaeri, who had been long in charge of a coasting vessel, is now studying navigation, to qua- lify himself for longer voyages. Grafton Races came duly off, as you are doubtless aware, for it appears that Moreton Bay had the honor of being thrashed there. A dead body has been found, partially destroyed, on "the Old Man's Plain," near Moulamein. It is supposed to be the re- mains of a traveller who has perished of thirst. Dr. Geogheghan was to have been conse- crated at Melbourne, as Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide on the 8th inst. Arch- bishop Polding and Bishop Willson of Tas- mania, were to officiate. A land agent named Wilson Gardner has sloped from Melbourne by the Royal Charter, taking with him a considerable sum of money which he ought to have left behind. A woman named Bridget Nibil has been found, with her child, drowned in a water- hole at Melbourne. The father of the child had refused to maintain it, and the mother drowned herself and offspring, in despair. It is reported that the Victorian Ministry have tendered their resignations, but retain office, at the Governor's request, until the elections are over. A slight shock of earthquake has been felt at Bendigo. All the papers are full of the Aurora Au- stralis, which I suppose duly visited your quarter. The best report is that of Professor Nieumayer(sic), published in the Argus. At Kangaroo Flat, Amherst, a man named Ellis has been killed by the falling in of a drive. At Malmesbury, Kyneton, Victoria, a man of color has been found lying in the road dead, with his throat cut. A reward is of- fered for the murderer. At Brown's diggings, Ballarat, a man named Jackson has been killed, by a drive falling in upon him. Mr. G. V. Brooke has reappeared at the Prince of Wales' theatre for a few nights, prior to returning to England. The steamer Samson has visited Kempsay, on the M'Leay, to the great delight of the settlers, who rose up in the night, and cheered her as she passed. Mr. Stuart has started from Adelaide on his expedition to the northward. Mr. Clark Irving gave a grand lunch at the Exchange on Monday, on the occasion of opening some splendidly cured beef and tongues from his establishment cn the Cla- rence. It was stated that he could supply 20,000 tierces annually. James Martin has been committed for trial for the murder of William Rochford at Liver- pool, by beating him with a stick on the head, and pressing on his breast when down. Both parties were drinking at the time. Wilson, the approver in the former case of the Mudgee mail robbery, has made his es- cape from Bathurst look-up ; and Day, the man against whom he gave evidence, says there is an old charge of murder against Wilson, and a reward of £400 for him. John Garsed, after two days' trial, has been acquitted of the charge of mutilating a document with intent to defraud his creditors. A new writ has been issued for Yass Plains, Mr. Laidlaw having been, as acting Post- master, disqualified to sit. But he has re- signed that post, and will no doubt be re elected. At Yass a meeting was held for the forma- tion of a Municipality, but somebody got up and proposed an adjournment till next Christ- mas two years, which was carried with shouts of applause. Caroline Cochrane, a young woman of 29, had a quarrel with her husband, and imme- diately afterwards attempted to poison her- self by taking a quantity of laudanum. She was passing a shop in Sydney when she turned and told the woman at the door what she had done. With great presence of mind this woman had her at once removed to the infirmary, where the proper remedies were used, and she was saved. She was discharged on her husband's surety. During a storm in Bellambi Harbour, Illawarra, the Victoria Packet and the Helen have been driven from their moorings, and stranded. THE BATTLE OF SOLFERINO. When the Austrians had taken up possession of the Eastern Bank of the Mincio, a general expectation prevailed that their tactics would be purely defensive. That expectation was disappointed. Whether from a change of plan, or from a confidence in their strength, or because they judged that the commander in- chief of the allied army would not take the initiative till he should be reinforced by Prince Napoleon's troops from Tuscany, and possibly till the proposed attack upon Venice should be opened from the sea. Certain it is, that the Austrians re-crossed the Mincio on the night of the 23rd of June, and offered battle immediately on the morning of the 24th. The conflict which ensued was one of the most sanguinary of modern times. It raged from sunrise to sunset. The exact number of men left dead on the field and rendered hors de combat will never be known. It was, doubtless, far beyond the estimate issued from official quarters, which give Austrians a total loss of 12,240 killed and wounded, French nearly 13,000, and for the Piedmon- tese 5,525. According to the accounts which reached us from non-official sources, the Austrians alone had 20,000 killed and wounded ; and it is even stated that the Emperor of Austria had confessed the loss to be 45,000 men in this single engagement. There cannot have been loss than 150,000 on the field of Aus- trians, and the Allies probably numbered about 140.000. On the 20th June the Em- peror of Austria had assumed the sole com- mand of his army, having Hess for an ad- viser, and Schluick, Gyulai's successor, and Wimpfen, for his subordinate chiefs. The 26th Piedmontese were to invest Peschiera, west of the Mincio. The French centre was to be Solferino, and their right below the road towards Mantua. Schluick took right, and M. Wimpfen left. The Emperor of the French sent Niel to Medolo, connected him with the centre of M'Mahon's corps and cavalry of the Guards, and sustained the light. He also brought up the Guard from Castiglione, the cavalry from Castedello, and Montesiaso. The Austrians were at this period successful on the right and left, but their success was useless to them-Napoleon bringing Baraguay D'Hilliers, M'Mahon with the Guard, and Niel to bear on the centre, and carried Solferino and Cassiano, after a most obstinate resistance, and cutting the Austrian centre from its left. The Em- perors commanded in person. The Aus- trians remained on the West Mincio until the morning of the 24th. They frankly admitted their defeat and an unusually heavy loss. The French were not in a position to follow up the victory at Solferino by an immediate pursuit of the enemy, but by the 1st July the whole of their army was on the left bank of the Mincio. The Austrians offered no op- position to their passage across the river, and the Sardinians at once began to invest Peschiera. A French corps was ordered to Mantua, and Prince Napoleon has arrived with 35,000 men from Tuscany. Letters from Villa Faanca describe the interview between Louis Napoleon and the Emperor of Austria. They courteously saluted and shook hands. Emperor Austria seemed pleased with the cordial welcome and open of manner Emperor Napoleon. They were closeted in a room for one hour and a half, when they issued forth from the conference. Both seemed perfectly satisfied, and parted with the greatest cordia- lity. A SHOW OF HANDS IN A CHURCH.- On Sunday last, at Cheapside, Church, near Burnley, the Rev. E. A. Verity, incumbent, preached a sermon in favour of the operatives now on strike at Padiham. The church was crowded by the operatives. At the close of his sermon, the reverend gentleman said that he had been informed that it was their inten- tion to have a collection. He, however, was not anxious that a collection should be made, for fear that the employers might say that he was actuated by pecuniary motives ; but those who had left his church had at the same time left his debts, amounting to £13 ; and if they thought proper, they might col- lect to clear that debt away, as it embarras- sed him considerably. He would, however, test the sense of the congregation upon the subject. Those in favour of a collection were ordered to hold up their hands. The whole congregation held up their hands, and a collection followed, amounting to £510s. -Preston Guardian. "Mr. Smith, did yon say in the hearing of my little girl, that I was a great rusty cat ?" " No, my dear Mrs. Jones ; I said you were a great aris- tocrat." Foot, on being scolded by a lady, said, " I have heard of tartar and brimstone ; you are the cream of the one and the flower of the other." 