liOcal Intelligence GOLD MARKET. — The price of gold II nominally the same,—£3 I6i 6d to £3 17s Od« but it is understood dun a higher price is to be procored. We are told that as much as £3 17» 6d ii given on the new rush, Back Creek. The gold obtained there is certainly not above the avenge fineness of the district, whilst it is reported to lose considerably In melting. The only explanation for the high jirice offered, ii that the gold is b iu^ht for transmission to Baliarat We are afraid thst this practice will be much resorted to by private gold-buyers unless the banks step in and by giving the fall price stop it. It will not make much different to them, because If they do nut pay the price for it on the spot their branjhe* st Baliarat will be " stuck " with it at a y«t higher figure On the other hand, x exeat deal et remains with m view to check at once the tampering with the gold market which the proximitv to Btllarat (82 miles) and the high pnoe offered there induce. The Escorts will soon show to what, if any, extent this it done. With the extensive drain on the Uallarat population the es- corts must fill unless gold be taken to it from this aiMftnibwl, Tba Eaeort to day takca down: Maryborough, 9919 ounoes (a gnat improrement on late weeks); aud Donolly, 4084 ounces. GOLDEN AGE, MARYBOROUGH - On Monday evening a varied entertainment was furnished at this place of amusement by Professor Risley. Mons. Devani, and Professor Kohler. The attendance was not so good as might have teen expected from the bill of fare. Mons. Devani's feats of acrobatism were truly wonderful, and defy description. Professor Kohler in his magical performance convinced a delighted audience that he was a thorough master of his art, and Mrs. Bourne enlivened the evening with some excellent songs which were repeatedly encored. We understand that this Company proceed at once to the rush at Back Creek. Ms Amttu, is on a visit to Maryborough, we are not aware whether with * private or polities! object In either case we trust he will avail himself of the opportunity to address his con stiiuents and announce to them bis intention of tin offering himself as their representative in Bown ant M*aiiuu.'e Ciactsa appeared at Msryborou^b on Friday, and Dunolly on taturdsy, on birth occasions aecuiing full homes. The performances vreie haft numerous and c steel,ent, and diowed to what a high degree of efficiency Messrs.. Rowe and Msrshsll hive brought their establishment. The riding of Mr Barlow was splendid We do not know the names of the other performers, bat we must men' tion in terms of prsuse the extraordinary contortions and feau of acrobatism of several of them as also the wit and hamour of the clown. Some «ghly tnuned horses and dngs were exhibited, the utter especially excited great amusement and roars of laughter. MABTBOKOI'OB am) Datsr Hiu. CRICKET WATCH —The Hatch it to come off tomorrow on the Amherst -Cricket ground. In the evening there is to be a, aunper at the Amherst Hotel, Tat'siEta or rat R*0«000flSE, UoMoiLV.—The followiug gentlemeu an gutted as trustees: Leonard Pnsndeissat, John Jackson, and William Btott, Ea^i*.. « - - • » CABISS&OOK; CaNtrtaT/—Tbe resolutions made by the Municipal Council we gacetted, together with the scale of charges, ^ ^ APPBOIORIM LAND BALM.—Avoca, March and 80th ; Uunolly, March 80th and Aptil lift; and Metyl«o»ngb, Marrh 81»l MK. BUCK'* K«TC*»AIMH>«T—We have been particularly «tnick by the fact of thi* genUeman'» - suooess at the rush. Those who know what a new Mihis, and theexoitsment that invariaWy prevails, may understand the influence of Mr Black, when thsy are told tliat in the room in which he performed on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday i»»t. st his simple request, the numerous Aiidiance. J Saturday n : ght. ^d told them that although they had been to jmeral in their aonlamatfoni, he felt tlieir abitainfwra their fa»ourlte ahd almost uiiv;er*aUy wlow^ weed was the higliMt compliment they eiuld have paid hwo, whilst their attention to an • "*rtaioment oaf w dl^teht' a to those M tally Jookadfor onthe diggittn, spokevolumeR J,f their intelligence and good taste. We wish that eat*rt*iinj»ent» of thts class werainore olten Panted to the mmers.—the support they have Mrnmo Bo? — We»»inf^W3b«ttbel»a »hp disappeared from the Hard aili, Dunoily, uaHp ^fiifle for Mr. Wareham; has been «' Back Creek: how he found hia way hlld1, h8Te not U It is isMtWMr saU^row, * hbwaw.M ° htve Ae wy^ai |)» fate *olv VI SW. 1?'!??'" FE?« WERE EPTERTALNED THM HE 3ow«M*tirtHitOHo6eH.-.We tin lilt" I'Veo Uhinvli, Will b« iijH'iifd next buuday lor public worship, under an efficient ministry The lt<*v. Joseph Beer, lately arrived from Kngland, haa ecccpted the vacant pulpit, and will preach forenoon and evening at the opening servicer. We are informed the Rev. gentlemen la rather talented, Itenoa likely to attract« good congregation. and be the means of much usefulness in his locality. OPEHIKO EKTSARSIRMBNT. — On Saturday evening a few friends assembled to supper at the new hotel opened for the first time that day by Mr. Frayne. tie was warmly congratulated on the spirit and enterprise he had displayed, and (sincere wishes were expressed that he would meet with a aaUsfactonr return, Frayne'B Family Hotel was formerly known M Foot Hotfl, It has been shut up for severs! month*, and lately passed into the hands (by purchase) of Mr. Frayne. lie ha* effected considerable alterations—in fact almost rebuilt it—the result of which when finished will lie to give him besides several sitting and bed rooms, a large assembly room or theatre, and a billiard room. All the rooms have been repainted and papered. SriCKiNo-Dp —L»»t week a carpenter wan robbed of his tools, &c.;, while asleep in a calico tent et the new rush. The thieves effected their purpose by cutting through the tide. Nothing else waa missed, DARING KoBBBtr.—Two scoundrels, yesterday ternoon, jumped a claim at Back Creek, near the junction of the main with the gully lead. An altercation ensued, during which they managed to abstract a valuable watch from the man whose claim they had jumped. Bring detected they were given in rhatge of the pcAice. trad straight fell down a shaft fortv-tive feet deep. On bis being raised to the surface, beyond a few bruises, he was entirely unhurt. DCKOU.* LUCE COURSE. —1'HFL Committee met in Ihursdty evening. Present: Mess)«. Jsckton. r„yte, Davtes, Noblett, and Dr. Q tinlan. Mr. Isckson having been voted to the nhair, the mi 'mtes of last meeting were vead ard confirmed. Mr. Culver, repotted that the contractors were •iroceerfing rapidly with the clearing of the course. Several mcmbern handed in amounts collected for the Raee fund ; the total sum subscribed waa an iounced as £105. The meeting alter some general conversation adjourned to W«-dne«lav next. NBWSTESO AoBtccLTOfut Ssow "—The following has been obligingly furnished t:s by a Jomespondent.—"Hie Newatead Agricultural Sodety hold their tint Show on Friday. The etten lance of competitors was good, much better than oould be expected for such a young Society. The ,n*iu and many other things exhibited would do 'io discredit to * metropolitan show. The ladies mustered in great force- We bope soon to see the \gricultural Societies embrace Horticulture, when they will be more attractive to the fair eex. Mr. John Meredith, formerly oi this town, bat now residing in the neighbourhood of Oarisbrook, took fhe first prise for English barley, by which be is entitled to m stiver medal, given by the Mil known brewers Wheeler Bret. He is also entitied to a gold medal from another liberal brewing firm; Mr- Edbouse. Mr. Attwood, nuraeiyman, of Can'shrook, who took prises at the Cariabrook *how, figure) also in this amongst the successful compel i tors. THE JUcfenuTHni ACT.—The following arc Seed as the dates, by which, the aeverad arrange- i menta for collecting and compiling the electoral roll for the present yew, under the newrfgisiration set are to be completed. K^gistrar to fix collectors' areas by 30th March; otewnj d«ya for leaving papers to March Slsi; to commence collection 1st ^ April; fifteen days for tearing papers, to termiuate : 15th April; five days for registrar to make oat %eeonnt» to SOth April; twenty day* for printing, transmission, publication, making claims, and giving objections, May Kith; four d «ys for making •int. printing, and imblishing list of claims. May tilth,Wn days publication. May 55th; twelve days for making objections, May S7th; one day for completion and transmission of lists to tension eonrt, 28th May: date of holding revision court, flat liav, five days allowed for adjournment, June iih, rolls returned to registrar, June 6th; five daya for amoving and printing same and transmission to retaining offioer, 10th June; by which date the, new rolls will be entirely preparfd, and a general election will probably follow immediately after. The following gentlemen have beeo ap nointed registrurs in this locality, Maryborough electoral district, Maryborough division. R A. Montgomery, Esq., Carisbrook division, W. F. Hoe, Esq, for the Amherst and T^xton division of the Creswick district, F. R. Lempriere, Esq., the same gentleman is also tppointtd for die Avoca division of the Avoea •liatriet, for the Ounolly division, J Eich, Esq.. for the Kingoarer and Korang division, R. O. Morgan. Esq., for the Crowlauds district. R lempriere, E< division, and R. C. Morgan. Esq., for the St Arnaud division. ODDITIES OF SHE NEW MIRBUOB ACT.—THIS list of qualified mamage-aolemnism is followed by perhaps the most extraordinary clause that aver was inserted in any Act. It declares that whenever any minister •' shall die or depart the colony, or otherwise become disqualified, "his functions shall cease," and if be " shall continue in violation of the provisions hereof to perfoi m sny marriage ceremony," he " shall be liable to the Densities specified,*V-name)y, a fine of five hundred pound* and imprisonment for five years We have heard of spectre bridegrooms and syren brides, but ghosts and clergymen are not supposed to be employed in celebrating even their nuptials Priests mutt he very careful indeed. Heucefoni ubiquity will he a statutory crime: at lecat if a priest rema ns in the colony qfUr kt hot left it, he must leave off marrying folks. Hie law consi detetel v provtdes,howevei .that even if the offieUtor be dead or absent, the marriage will be valid and' binding.—Oeelnng Jdorrtistr. Tee SUPPOSES MDBDEB treat STDKET.—The inquest on the woman who waa supposed to have been ravished and murdered in the glebe, has resulted in a verdict of "Fmnd drowned." The men, Kenny and Butler, who were apprehended on suspicion of being the murderers of the unfortunate woman, were discharged, bnt Kenny was re-apprehended, and durged with committing * rape.—Jteraid. Xunturr or ManAomo DmMroet. —The judgment given in tbe Court of Mine* on Monday, says the Baliarat Star, by his Honor, in the: caae Erlan v, Usngerfield and Others it one of some importance to the managing directors of mining companies. The plaintiff sued, asaecre- Ury to the company, for arrears of salary, and for moneys advanced by him at the instance of some of the committee of management; and his Honor ruled that, of the shsreholders sued, those only should be held liaMe who belonged to tbe committee of mwugetnent. The decree was made on the grounds that, with regard to tbe arrears of salary, the want of fliadi was due to tite neglect of the manaprt in not enforcing payment of calUi atd, with regard to tbe moneys advanced, that they were advanced at the Instance of managers. This will show managers of com panics that it ii not safe for them to dilly-dally with the affairs of the company; hut that, if they wish to escape pertonsl liabilities, they must either make shareholderscaih up, or wind up and dis«lve, MimirettiL CnANeet^It is highly probable that considerable changes will take place in the ptfimmelot the Administration from voluntary retirements before the time fixed for reassembling the Parliament—changes which may materislly affect the degree ofennport to which it mity ikirly lay claim,— ge iong ArbertUer, 