THE MALDON ELECTION. Sm,— Air. Harkcr's old constituents did not assign as a reason for rejecting lum that he had in nny way done them injustice, or forgotten them in particular so far as their claims on the public puree vvcrc concerned. His re jection was due simply to ids alliance with an unpnn- i mii.itnivivnf inn . wlinse career has been no less in- famous than their virtunl displacement from power lias been emphatically declared by the country. Had this declaration been made under any circumstance than that of universal suffrage, there would have been no end to the ministerial whining; the unceasing assertion would have been— if the pcoplolind the real power of olectuig their representatives wo had been returned triumphantly, mid our policy vindicated, for we know that we liave t» confidence of the masses ; m-c we not the people's minis try ? A contrary vordiot having;, howovor, boon tho re sult of the present appeal to tho country, so - lar as trie ministry are concerned, save in the coses of Kilmorc and Alaryiiorotigli, where rowdyism, bludgeon-low, open vio lation of tiie principle of the ballot, and hard promising were the order of tiie dny, the ministers nnd their frieuin arc fniu to think the people in error, so they are driven to try other constituencies, and to bid higher for popular confidence. . Hence the electors of this district have been honorea with the presence of the rejected of Collingwood—tbo firm believer in the right ol' the masses to select their re presentatives, and of their good sense to use that riglj' with judgment, is perforce driven to give tho llo to i B» theory in refusing to ncquiesce in the verdict of Cplhug' wood by appealing to Maldon. I doubt not that m tn»s ense of IIurKcr, appellant, v. tiie People, respondents, tj c good sound sense of tho Maldon tribunal sball lend to tne judgment— appeal dismissed with costs. . , I am vastly amused nt the variety of reasons ossigm' by Air. Iinrker's li-ituds for supporting him. lbay 'w that Air, Hm-kerisso clever thnt he is certain _ to be u the next ministry, and of course carry great weight an exercise vast influence in the Assembly, all of which siiai benefit Maldon. Now, that any man In iiis proper uu can seriously belicvo that Mr. Harker is likely for 'o»jj long years, if ever, to occupy tho Treasury benches, almost incredible. It seems thnt that gentleman has i tact onotigh to persuade a few of the electors licj _ what he found the people of Collingwood very fljf' i.j) thnt his secession from n ministry (and Inferen' w uiy „ non- possession of office under any administration) w throw the country into confusion. , . ,rr Another reason assigned by ills supporters .is tliar Ilurkor, smarting under tiie injustice of Ills C"'n!'.ns friends in rejecting him, would oxert every ®. ff in his power to advance the interests of AInldon, to ' . in yery spite of, how great a friend his old consnui had voluntarily deprived themselves. Passing oier Harkcr's own public declarations that he would sec simple Justice wns done to AInldon If ho jeprcBCU „ . so inr as he could urgo its clnims, is it not renlll 1» b able to hear It given as reason for supporting mm , that our interests would he promoted fiwft el lt ' tliarefore-injustlee to-, and at the cost of, Collingwootl ' And'all' tlic while it is Honest! George wlio-is:so sup-j- ported. Mr Hnrker's studied neglect of .tlio mining in-i terest, as instanced in the opposition to Mr Wood's mo-; tion for £8000 for the cncoiu-agemcnt of mining enter prise, is npprovod of by that gcnlloraan's sup'nortoi-s on the very original grounds that ill- Wood did not nsk enough- Wiiy really, Sir, when I listen to such stiilf— arguing that because £8000 is not a sum sufficient for A 'certain purpose, nnd that therefore £1000 is sufficient, and the nrgumont (?) is made in nil seriousness, and by stauncli supporters of Mr Ilnrker, I am inclined to link you if you can inform inc whether - tho Ynrrn Bend can afford quarters for n dozen or two deserving candidates for its bounty. When the several highly censurable acts of tlie O'Sliannssy Ministry nre adduced as proofs -of Mr Hnrker's unfitness to represent this district, his sup porters say, but lie was not present when these' occur? rcnccs took place; if tlicy nre acts of tlie- Executive, and if they were done by individual members of the Ministry as heads of department over which he had no contra-, how could lie he expected to be -answerable for tlie mis deeds of others ? , - - ' Now, Sir, it lias -long been known that Mr George Hnrker's credit for lioncsty nnd purity of purpose lins been the chief prop of tho Ministry. Having but litile of either of the above commodities themselves, the mem bers of the Ministry made use of. those supposed to he owned by Mi- Hnrkor ; and if, I take 'Mr- Hnrker's own declaration' that his secession, from tlio Ministry would throw. tho. country into confusion — that is, would lend to tlie -formation of iv new administration — I hold ' that the person who by his continuance of collenguesliip witli them, under those circumstances, is directly mid pcr- sounlly chargeable not only witli an ordinary share, but with all the nets of tho-whole clique, who by Mr Hnr ker's own admission,' continue' to hold- tho reins oi go- " vcrumcnt simply because die did not .'abandon ' them to their fate. At. tho Kangaroo Hotel lie would not justify tlie conduct of : the-; Chief Secretary in tlie Admelin " case. When asked what lie thought of that aflhir— ho;" appealed to all who knew him whether they deemed liim capable of an act of inhumanity." So it was inhuman, Mr.Harker, and it was done by your colleague, nnd that colleague wa$ in office because you continued to hold office niong with liim, and for that reason only. X need acnroqlr in cor roboration quote tliewell-known nnd indisputable maxim qui facit per alium j'acit per se i". toor need I run through tlie tong list of Ministerial delinquencies with Mr. Harker and lii colleagues chargeable, "and to which I might justly apply the some argument. But that I fear 1 shnll make a large demand on your space bctore 1 conclude this communication, us it is the only opportu nity I shall enjoy of. stating my convictions until tho election is over,- I might class the Mail among the supporters of Mr. Hnrkor, nnd that too on singularly strange grounds, — that the Ministry had received such a castigation from tlie country that liis return would bo linrmless 1 I might nlso glance at the ominous silence of your local contemporary the " Advertiser." So far as 1 have seen of that doughty champion of Ireland and Co., it most assuredly would have said a good word for Mr. Harker if it had anything like a fair cause to support. I might even advert to tlie ndvocacy of Mr. Hnrker's claims in the columns oi your neighboring contemporary the Tarrangower Times. Our local thunderer has ac tually excelled himself, forging bolts of more tlinn . ordi nary dimensions, and hurling them with more than usual force. Unfortunately, however, though tho race wns far from exciting to any one but himself, his zeal outran his judgment; hence, in place of aiding his ministerial protege by ex-ponnding his principles, lie chronicled his reception, making a calm and polite hearing nnd perfect approval, and in place of answering the objections, arid they have been neither 'few nor easily dealt with, that have been urged against Mr. Harker, lie lias favored us with virtuously-indignant attacks on imngiuary agents whose doings and sayings existed only in the licateu imagination of this over-zealous partiznn. But, Sir, I have heard it said, It's all very fine for "Non-Elector" to pick out some faults in the ministerial acts; no ministry is faultless; why does he not attack tlie ministerial policy ? The plain truth is, if I must tell, I am afraid. If I am compelled to go beyond, attack tlio ministerial acts which I take to be the best test of their policy whatever it may be, I am then driven into a corner, and must throw down my pen. I cannot fight ghosts nor pursue will-'o-the-wisps, 1 cannot find anything to term a policy surely in Mr-. Harker's ignoring the mining interest — in his political Jim Crowisms on State aid, or his pensions views. Evans' New Zealand contracts, and his reminiscences of what he saw as a boy in the House of Commons,- are scavcely fit to be styleu a policy. Chapman's abandon- clonment of the population basis of the Reform Bill, and sacrifice of twenty-five per cent, ofthe mining members, with his dignified s ilence in the House, cannot entitle liim to the rank of the hojfler of a political policy. Can Mr Miller's Admella job, Iris Insurance Company, bis Railway Debentures, raise a policy for liim ? Does Mr. Ireland's Jlining Associations Act, or his|Leasing Regu lations, or his Emerald Hill declaration of how Govern ment offices should be filled, stand him instead of a - policy? Does Mr O'Shanassy's ministerial statement of intention to do great things for the miners, and his -non-fulfilment of liis promise to them — or the Adinclla case, or Regan's case, or the Railway Debentures, c r tiie Brown's diggings leasing, constitute a policy ? As suredly none of these tilings arc -likely to be set up by their staunchest supporters, as either' the individual or corporate policy of the members of the ministry. If I cast my eyes over their whole career since tliev assumed office, I find but one principle or policy in which there is a coincidence oi opinion— tlie ministers are laws unto themselves, |doingwhat is right in theirpwn eyes— holding all questions of real importance to the' country as open ones, save tlie principleand policy ofsticking to office, to ensure pensions, present pay, and the prostitution of public honors and places of the country, to then- own factious designs. Even on the long boasted Land Policy there is no agreement, one has one . opinion, nnd his follow another — but on what they do agree, and have sent as their precious scheme to the public, I leave that public to decide whether it is such as wns expected. Such ns will satisfy ? Such as tlie receivers of the Deputation from the Convention should havo brought up? The more I consider them individually and collectively' the more I am disgusted with tliem nnd their charlatanry, and anxious to sec any successors drive them from the position which they have disgraced. There may be incompetent successors, but under the constitution of the Assembly, there cannot be ministers so desti— titute of policy, principle, honor, and respect. I feel so strongly on this point, that I consider tlie present Mi nistry should not only he driven from power, but timt they should bo impeached if possible, mid rendered for ever incapable of holding similar positions under the English crown. It is but trivial, punishment to a thief to detect liim on your premises, and in the act of pilfer ing, if you simply eject him. You must bring tlio full power of tlie law to bear on tlio scoundrel, not only ns u punishment to himself, but as a warning to ail coming ages of how you reward such acts. "With such opinions, it is easy to tell, since I do not consider Mr Harker a fit man to be our repesentative, that my choice lies be tween Mr Bell and Mr Ramsay. I hold most of Mr Ramsay's opinions, save those on free pasturage all over tlie colony, nnd free selection before survey. 1 nlso sympathise with him ns lie is a local man, and if possible, such, nnd such only should be returned— they are the best men ior any constituency, ns tlie welfare of their constituents and their own advancement are so bound up together that they have every inducement to exert themselves for their supporters. Mr Ramsay's alleged poverty is certainly somewhat against tho free use of liis judgment, at least so I should fear — but he is not decided enough in liis anti-ministerial opinions. At the Kangaroo lie was unconditionally against the ministry — at E iglc Hawk, he would be so, if the electors wished liim to be so. Tills is Mr Ramsay's great failing, and is tlie key note to liis character ; lie would be a mere dele gate, and, he is a waverer — he i9 a double-minded man, and therefore on good authority unstable in all his ways. To trust such men in even ordinary cases is dangerous, hut to do so wiien all honest politicians must he inflexibly bent in crushing, so as that it may never again pollute our parliament with its presence, the base, crawling and loathsome thing, which though almost shaken from the hold it had on tlie vitnh of the country, must be further doultwitb by men of decision, Mr Bell must of neces sity be my choice of those candidates from what I have said, especially as lie is an uncompromising anti-minis terialist. This one fact to my mmd is worth a dozen ml captanduyi promises ol principles without perfor mance, such as the O'Shanassy ministry delight in treat ing us to. There lias been a great fuss made about Mr. Bell being a squatter. Well, I ao not see that he did wrong in tak ing possession and holding in trust until lie repaid him self a station from which, else, he had made a bad debt. Who would not go nnd do likewise ? I would, if it was even a flock of zebras that I had to own temporarily, if I could not else secure payment of a large debt. Mr. Bell is all right on tlie Mint, State-aid, & c. . and witli tlie exception of Jlining on Private Property, on which 1 hope to see liim on the right side before long, "when he has hoard the matter fully, fairly, and ably discussed in tiie Assembly, lie is all that could be desired. He i3 a man of unquestioned nnd unquestionable honour and in tegrity in every relation of lite. Some ten years since, and more than once, he nbly filled tlie position of Mayor of Melbourne, and while many who now nspire to posi tions of honor aud responsibility were indifiercnt to the state and careless about the prospects of Victoria, tho same William Jlontgomery Belt was a leader among those who stayed tlio stteam of convict population which the homo country sought to direct to our shores. When most of tlio present Ministry were unknown men — though, if in tho country, tlio circumstances were such .13 to call them fortli if they really loved tlie land of their adoption — Mr. Bell was a true und tried servant of tlio people. He now seeks through the olectors of Maldon to re-enter tho political arena : that he will do so I doulit not, and timt their confidence in liim, and satisfaction with liis career, will increase the more they know of him, ra )ust as elenr to my mind as that neither of the other two candidates are fit men for Jlaldon.— VOTE FOR V- M. BELL. ,r , , .. NON- ELECTOR. "iiunon, September 19th. The Bendigo Watek Wonics,— 1 The machinery dnl o! hompany is not working satisfactorily. On Satur- , , wa8''ing machines wore suspended from wonting, only one nviiilnble. 