GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. Mayor's Court.- There were no informations for hearing yesterday, and only a few cases of non-payment of the city fines, which were dis- posed of in the usual manner. Voltaic Narcotism. - The Medical Times published some experiments by Dr. Richardson, at the Grosvenor place School of Medicine, in what he designates "Voltaic Narcotism." He found that by applying a narcotic to a part, and then covering this part with a plate connected with a positive pole of the battery and the negative pole at an adjoining point, he could produce complete insensibility. Last week Dr. Richardson exhibited this and rendered insensible the ear of a dog. On Tuesday, he rendered com- pletely the leg of a dog so insensible, that Dr. Halford amputated the limb without any expression of pain on the part of the animal. Things Extremely Difficult to Get Rid of. - A German count, when the cloth has been laid for dinner. A bad shilling in Holywell street. One's wife's relations, when once they have got their footing in the house. The suppo- sition that we aro not being cheated in a lodging house. A bad hat at a Quaker's party. A brass band when the knocker is tied up. A daughter, who lisps and squints. The idea that we are growing old. The belief that our stupid little baby is not the most wonderful little baby in the world. A smoky chimney, a corn, a wart on the nose, a Chancery suit, an Irishman on a visit, a habit of swearing when the dinner is not ready, are all things extremely difficult to get rid of; but they are nothing compared to the difficulty of getting rid of your wife's jealousy, when once you have given her cause for it. We doubt strongly if such a case was ever known. F.R.S.-The following capital story respecting the meaning of these important-(and to for- eigners) cabalistic initials, is told in the last number of Titan. It appears that a certain United Statesman of eccentric habits acquired great noteriety from his fondness for oysters and others testaceous delicacies. This worthy was in the habit of writing after his name, whether 'upon his card or in the visitors' book' at 'hotels, the mysterious letters F.R.S. : " One morning, a newly come English gentleman, of middle age and grave aspect, was looking over the list of arrivals. He was struck by the mysterious letters, as every one else had been. 'F.R.S.' muttered he; ' it can't be ! yet there the letters are! Who would have thought it?' The clerk was called up, and requested to explain. He knew nothing more than that one of the boulders and lodgers had put his name down with that handle attached. ' Show him to me !' said the Englishman eagerly. ' There he goes now, Sir,' said the clerk, pointing to our hero. The next moment, ' Old Shell' felt his hand grasped by another hand, whilst his arm went through a rapid and vigorous motion, familiarly known as the ' pump handle action.' It was the Englishman ; his face beaming with cor- diality. 'Delighted to meet you, sir! Had not the slightest idea of seeing one of our society on this side of the water ! When were you a member? My memory is so defective, 'Member of what?' said 'Old Shell,' half sur prised, half angry. 'Oh, don't be so modest, my dear sir!'- ' Modest! the d'euce! What society?' - 'No bashfulness, now; You are a Fellov, I know.' - 'Dash my buttons, stranger !' exclaimed ' Shell,' thoroughly indignant ; ' do yon call me a fellow ?' - 'Fellow of the Royal Society, sir. You mistake my meaning. Fel- low of the Royal Society of London.'-' I am no Londoner, man ! I come from South, I do. I am an oyster-man, I am.' - ' Why, what on earth does F. R.S. mean then, attached to your name?' said the astonished Englishman' science and surprise beaming from his countenance. ' Well, stranger, I don't care If I do tell you! You see I like oysters, I do; and F.R.S. means adzackly nothing more nor less than Fried, Roasted, and Stewed !' " Mr. Johnston's. lecture. - This gentleman gave another of his interesting and instinctive lectures at the Alliance Rooms on Wednesday evening. Among those present were His Excel- lency the Governor and family, the Solicitor General, Mr, Hone, Archdeacon Davies, the Mayor, and several other noted citizens, The room was well filled and, as usual, Mr. John stone's remarks were listened to with marked attention. ' Unwholesome Meat. - Yesterday the City Inspector seized, on the premises of a butcher, named Holmes, residing in Argyle-street, nearly a side of beef being unfit for human food, and under the following circumstances. A cow be- longing to a person named Saunders near the upper part of Park-street, died on Sunday from an injury received by a wound with a pitchfork ; this cow, or at least, the greater portion was sold to, Holmes, and in his possession, as we have stated, tim meat was seized. These are the simple facts as far as we have at present learn them, but as an information will be laid against the butcher, which will be heard at the Mayor's Court on Thursday next, it will probably be shown whether any portion of this abominable food has been sold to the public. This cir- cumstance alone indicates the necessity of public slaughter houses, where, under the supervision of an experienced Inspector, all animals intended for the market may be, killed, and such as are unfit for food rejected. Complaints have been made of the stringency of the regulations pre- pared by the Corporation, but when we see a traffic of this kind carried on, so, deleterious to the health of the inhabitants, no law can be too severe to put a stop t0 it. Comparison between England and France, -It was the year of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five. Spiritual revelations were conceded to England at that favored period, as at this, Mrs. Southcott had recently attained her five-and twentieth blessed birthday, of where a prophetic private in the Life Guards had heralded the sublime appearance, by announcing that arrangements were made for the swallowing up of London and Westminster. Even the Cock-lane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years, after rapping out its mes- sages, as the spirits of this very year last past (supernaturally deficient in originality ), rapped out theirs. Mere messages in the earthly order of events had lately come to the English Crown and people from a congress of British subjects in America, which, strange to relate, had proved more important to the human race than any com munications yet received through any of the chickens of the Cock-lane brood. France, less favored on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister of the shield and trident, 1 oiled with exceeding smoothness down hill, making paper money and spending it. Under the guidance of her Christian pastors she entertained herself, be- ides, with such humane achievements as se - tencing a youth to have his hands cut off, his tongue torn out with pincers, and his body burned alive, because he had not kneeled down in the rain to de honour to a dirty procession of monks which passed within his view, at a dis tance of some 50 or 60 yards. It is likely enough that, rooted in the woods of France and Norway, there were growing trees, when that suffeeer was put to death, already marked by the Woodman Fate to come down and be sawn into bourds, to make a certain moveable frame-work with a sack and a knife in it, terrible in history. It is likely enough that, in the lough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to Paris, they were sheltered from the weather that very day, rude carta bespattered with rustic mire, snuffed about by pigs, and roosted in by poultry which the Farmer Death had already set apart lo be his tumbri's of the Revolution. But that Woodman and that Farmer though they work unceasingly, work silently, and no one heard them as they went about with muf fled tread; the rather, forasmuch as to entertain any suspicion that they were awake, was to be atheistical and traitorous,-All the year Round. By Charles Dickens. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. - The Hall of the Mechanics' Institute was filled to overflowing last night, to hear Mr. Stutzer's lecture upon "Italy." A large number of persons could not get into the building. Amongst the audience we noticed Sir Henry and Lady Young, the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, and many other leading celebrities of the city and suburbs. It is superfluous to state that the subject chosen by the lecturer was fruitful in interest, and at the present time elicited more than usual attention. 