THE PAPAL STATES. Some reonnt incidents (says the Times corretpoaden') appur to strengthen the impression that the P.ipa will mike an effjrt to occupy the liimav-«a. For several nights past troops of the line hive left this cxpital, as also RondMmei ia great numbers, both infantry and civalry ; but few troops, therefora, remain in Rim -. fhas9 who have eft are destined, I understand, to replace tho .Swiai now iu Peragia. who are to join the Papal army quartered in I'esiro and the neighbourhood, atajuutiuj in all to about 7000 or 8000 men, with their cannons, nooi or bad. How wi<-h Bijch a foree his Holiness contemplates the reduction of provinces inhibited by a brave and warliku people, animated by the most hostile sentiments to a government of priests, sod garrisoned by volunteer* who have been under discipline for many months, and many of them exposed to the hardihips of war ia Lombard y, I cannot my. The army of Romagna is here said to amount to 20,000 men, under the command of General Fauti, while Garibaldi his the command ia chicf of all the Italian army, both of the Duchies and the Uom&gua.; Nor must I omit to state, tkat the llomagnoli trt punctually paid, well lodged, and well furnished with arms and cannon in great abundance find of the vary best quality. All these f icts would make it appear to be highly improbable that the Papal Government would undertake jau enterprise ea little likely ta succeed. The Advocates of this Government, however, maintain the probability of a French i'ccupitiea of Ancona, so as to put a larger force at tho dispoaal of (hn Pope, and the I 'turn of the Duke of Modena with Austfian troops in'the uniform af hin ow? hoassVLeaviti'fJ, however, such spee-.ila'iojti whig), if t*«r verified, will greatly com}ST"'5JSo tho Emperor of the French, tlmewuioh Icia assure you to b: positive isj,that the Pope within the Inst few days, shaking with a pes ITO admitted to hie con^denoe on tlie critical position in which was piaced, observed :—" Cardinal Antoleilli is to be blamed for all; it is wished tp change the Secretary of istate. I woula do so, but what is to be done; none of th® Cardinal* will accept the office." This is true enongh. Cardincl della Genga, who was pres mt, slid—" Ha who is the iiau<e of his misfortunes mast treep by himself; let him who placed himself and us iu these difficulties think of the best way of getting out of them." The Pope added—" It is wi-lied (hat I should give a Constitution ; I would do so, but how can I without running the danger of seeing Rome inuada;ed with my enemies through the deputies who would be elected in the province? It is desired also to give eff.-ct to the project of Portici—that of sending five Cardinals as legates a latere, thus divHing the Stats into five large compartments, destroying the system of c.-ntralisition, aud rendering tbe provinces independent of Home. Bat how can this be done now that & new and a largo debt has been incurred ? We have no means of providing for tho dignity of these five Courts of the Legations, and for all the new exigencies which would be creat'.d by these institutions." Tho observations of the Pope were ao confidential that the person s1drp?s"d had the courage to leoiind his HoiinosB of tie danger of preserving IheCardinai Antonelliin power, •who has fallen iiito such discredit both at home and abroad. •" 1 know it. I know it," e&id; tho Pope, " Ho himsidf ODly now was regretting to me the injuries which the foreign press published against him in journals und in pamphlets, and I did not concec.1 from him that the conduct of his brothers, notorious for their acquisition of wealth, had procured for him and preserved many enemies. But the Cardinal continues to say that he has nothing in common with his brothers, and tlmt were he to attempt to restrain them it would be only giving . or firmation to stories which are falte. I was compelled to be silent," said the Pope, " for he is blinded to Jthe interests of his family," From this discourse, w-hich is true, it results that tbe Pope has himself good intentions, that ho has not dcciaed, nor is he iu a way to decide, on any step; that Antonelli has rendered himself necessary, and that the clerical despotism of this unhappy State is likely to continue. The ' Monitors di Bologna' denies in the most formal minner, and with justly iadiirnaut ernphasis.thcinfa-nouac&lumnict; of the priestly and legitimist Press with regard to certain allied acts of violence committed hy the patriotic party, particularly the assault on a convent at Vetuieohio, the assissinstion of two priests, and the murder of a Bolognese nobleman in Lis own house. All these stories are declared by the organ of the patrl ,tie Government to be impudent falsehood*;" and tha clerical Prezi is challenged t-> gire names and dates. So much for tho veracity of tho organs of his Holiness and the rijht dirino. Now let us re.d what a letter from Home, in tha 'liniyers,' contains for our edification ? Pome p.-rsons from evil d^eigns, endeavored to Bpread the rumour shat the lirfly Father is setioosly ill; but your readers will lenrn with pleasure that the general lue'.th of tiio Pops is in no wise affected by the compliior, ir, tha leg which for some time past has forced him to take repose. His sojourn at Ca«tel Gondolfo, where tho air is excellent, will, it is honed, soon restore hi m to his usual arocations. The ceremony in honor of the nativity of the Most Holy Virgin has jast been celebrated according to ancient custom in the beautiful church of Santa Maria del Popolo, in presence of the cardinals, prelates, and magistrates now at Home. Although eiuill, this chu'ch is , decorated wi'h a Tichn-ss and taste worthy ' of the piety cf the fiithful towards the ' Mother of tjod. Piatu- iccliio ornamented I it with paintings full of grace and poetry; I Raphael designed it in a chapel »»"rmsunted by a cupola, and placed in it a pii-oe of (sculpture by himself; Maratta, Caravag^io, and (Jiraclii, have in it pictures more brilliant than pirns; and Bernim has placed iu it some laboured pieces of sculpture by the aide of tlio chaste produotion of Sa sotino. Accorditu to tradition, Pop« I'a=cal II. founded tho church oi St, Mary, in order to fr,.e the peiplo from some phantoms and nocturnal visions which were siid to be produced by the corpse of Nero, who was buried, as Suttiuius reUtes, in the hill now califcd 1'incio. Iu recalling to mittd the tiaditiva, I could not help thinking that if this ghost of the infamous Emperor no IOIIJJT comes to torment the Romans, his ajiir.t s ems to havo descended on the present race of revolutionist:. What, for example, his Mazziai to envy in Nrro F Tho Univeis hardly appears to be so happy as usual in its co-npatiaon of ztni to Nora. The last of the Roman triumvirs his his faults, and grave ones, no doubt, as p liticni leader; but there is no analogy between the misguided republican pat- iot, and the Ktnperor who fiddled while Rome was burning. We think the Univers might have fouud a closer analogy without venturing so far to seek it. "Private letters from Rome,"says the Paris correspondent of the Globe, " leave snjall doubt on a highly important contingency, the choice of a new Pope before next Christmw The eympt*m» that proved^ fatal in the cass of the late Gregory XVI., ulcerous Swellings in the lers and general debility, however disguised in official accounts, are filling- with alarm the immediate circle of Pim IX., and political counsels are held daily ia hit sick room, as well as medical consultations. The hasty (amnions of Cardinal Chigi from Munich, is a corollary of this impending change, Chigi faring the ot.ly *Ute<mtm capable of taking the liberal lead in the inevitable removal o' Antonelli from tho helm. It is not so much the physical break up of the Pope's eonsututi.il as the moral prostration and mental paogs which hare bowed down the Sorerei^u ol Rome Perugio was not of much account in this result, bat the hopeless aff iir of the Romagna has acted like the loss of Calais on tho heart of Mary Tudor." 