CITY AND SUBURBS. Melboumo proper, or what in common parlance would be called the city, whilo it continues uo longer to exhibit that rapid growth which was so characte ristic of it a few years ago, is daily becoming conso lidated, and filled up ivith handsome and subitantial buildings. Iu fact, tha metropolis is ouly now begin ning to be built, iu t'ae strict sense of the word, and ifcn (luilv nrnwpflMq ia fnr f.liif. hncirainer a matter of as much solicitude as interest to the re flective citizen. Special edifices of oomuiorco ox luxury, such as Club houses aud Banks, uro pretty sure to bo constructed with taste aud solidity, aud no complaint can ho brought against us in theao res pects The new bauks are all ^ell built, and some of them exceedingly handsome structures. They testify to that liberality of ideas, tho general con comitant of commercial pursuits, which has, for centuries, characterised not only the merchant princes of London, but those of Florence, Genoa, and other famous centres of mercantile activity, in past or present times. Our Government buildings are substantial enough, but generally des titudo of elegance, aud bear manifold testimony to the inefficiency of the Department of Publio Works in several important particulars. The great desideratum in building the city seems to be a want of regard to tha peculiarities of our climate. We continue to build tho sauio class of houses as wo built in tha mother country : whereas, it is obvious to every one that somo modification of design is really demanded. Tho principal streets are disfigured by long, irregular and dilapidated lines of canvas verandahs or ragged, dirty-looking awnings, nearly all of different make, and producing an effect exceed ingly offensive to the eye. These nwnings aro also detrimental to tha free circulation of tho air. There are rumors of an intention ou the part of the civic authorities to oall for an uniform design for n system of verandahs, and to make their eroction compulsory ; but as it is ut present, supposed to be nothing more than a project of tho brain of the Corporation, no importance must be attached to it. Time will shew. Tho street fountains, about which so much has been said, are still in nubibiu, their place being supplied by a number of elaborately ugly post-office letter- boxes, which seem to have been erected for tho especial purposo of obstructing the thoroughfare. Anont tha subject of fountains we quote tho following from a journal which was in existence a few weeks since, but suddenly gave up the ghost after an unsuccessful attempt to maintain itself : — ' With such a water nower as that of the Yau Yeau brought to our very doors, if Malbourue do not in time excel every city iu Kurope in the ex tent and variety of Hb fountain-system, it will de serve to be the victim of perpetual drought. Tlaces should be at once set apart before all public buildings, in nil ths squares, gardens, and atroets not yet built, for tho erection of basiua and wator-worki. Carlton Gardens, Victoria and Wellington Parades, Fitzroy Square, the wharves, and numerous other localities should all of them possess fountains not to bo rivalled by those ia tho Place de la Concorde Among the chief- buildings in progress or prepara tion are the Treasury, the new Post-office, and the Victorian Club House, and iu Collins streot Borne very splendid edifices are in oourse of construction. Tha suburbs continue pretty much iu statu quo, and it yet remains to ba seen what effect the new Suburban Railway, a portion of which is expected to be opeued iu the course of a few days, will have upon their general appearance and welfare. 