Local Intelligence. LEASING OF THE ISLANDS. AN advertisement appeared, in our issue of Saturday calling a public meeting in the School of Arts for Monday evening, to con- sider the proposal to lease the Islands on the 19th of September. When the people assembled no one appeared to understand anything about the arrangements, and for some few minutes there was a state of un- certainty. The proprietor of the Courier states that the advertisement was brought to the office, and he was asked if he would in- sert it without pay ? Feeling that the public should bave an opportunity of expressing their opinion on the proposed leasing, he complied, not knowing himself of any ar- rangements made. Mr. W. BROOKES was called upon to pre- side, and after he had read the advertisement calling the meeting, took the chair, and waited for some one to open the speaking of the evening. No one coming forward, the chairman said he came there, actuated by the same feelings as themselves, to hear what would be said on the proposal to lease the Islands. So far as calling the meeting was concerned it mattered little. They were assembled for a good purpose, and he would ask Mr. Dowse, who knew something about the Islands, to speak to the meeting. Mr. DOWSE decided that the Secretary might be asked who had taken the hall, but the question was not pressed, and the speaker proceeded to talk about the proposal to lease the Islands. He said the Empire had stated the case in a clear manner when it said that the Islands had been left in their unproduc- tive state for the last eighteen years, de- serted by all, save the blacks, and a few wandering fishermen. These Islands had never assumed importance in the eyes of the Sydney Government until the time when the now colony was starting into existence ; and it did appear as if the difficulty had purposely been thrown in the way. Some speculator, having a friend at court, had managed to turn the application made some time since to account, and for the purpose of making all appear fair and above board, Facing Island, off Port Curtis, was brought into the market at the same time. The affair seemed, in ap- pearance, to partake of jobbery ; and though it might be argued that the Government could take possession at any time, it was not so easy to remove a lessee possessed with capital, who could pay at the expiration of nine or ten months the rent for the forth- coming year, and continue to hold possession. The plea of the small amount which would go into the Exchequer might be mentioned, and it might be said that profit could not be the object sought when the particulars were understood. Apart from the money con- sideration it was difficult to understand why the Islands should be offered for lease just at that particular time, when Sydney was ceas- ing to govern the district. Separation in its workings would most likely bring men of capital into the district, desirous of employ- ing their means in speculative enterprise, and the Islands would open up to them a way for so doing. There was the Island of St. Helena, though not large in extent, yet situated as it was, at the mouth of the river, might it not become a fishing station, and also what it was by nature fitted for, the chosen spot for ship-building operations ! Situated opposite to Cleveland, where it was expected a town would spring up, was Peel Island ; and a monoply of that island could not fail to be disastrous to the township. The speaker then called attention to Strad- broke Island, rich in cypress pine and favor- able for a variety of trade speculations. He also spoke of the dugong fishery, the pearl fishery, and the capabilities of the islands for rewarding the colonists. He was sorry those who had called the meeting were not present to take part. It was always the way in Brisbane. The influentials as they called themselves stood behind to see how a mat- ter was received, and if it was well thought of by the public, and an advantage was gained, they came forward and said, " we did that well," when they had in reality done nothing. He trusted the time was come when there would be no more shilly- shallying, and hoped the meeting would enter a protest or record a resolution of the opinion they entertained of the proposal to lease the Islands, Mr. SPENCE had sympathy with the meet- ing, considering that the proposal, like the ghost in Hamlet came before them in such a questionable shape that they bad a right to question it. He willingly entered his pro- test against the proposal, because though it was made to appear that the Government might take the islands, yet possession would be disagreeable, and might be turned to ad- vantage by the lessee when they were re- quired for the use of their own colony. They could not tell what individual might obtain possession, and one of the greatest reasons why the Islands should remain as they were for the present was, that if for eighteen years their value had not been known, it could do no harm to allow the new colony to appro- priate thom themselves and save, if possible, the perpetration of a job. Mr. KING also objected to the proposed leasing, and questioned the right of the Sydney government to lease or sell any lands within the limits of the territory, the now colony having been officially proclaimed at home. The following resolutions were then put to the meeting and carried unanimously. The first proposed by Mr. DOWSE, and seconded by Mr. PEATTIE, and the second proposed by Mr. PUGH, and seconded by Dr. CUMMING :— " 1st.—That this meeting desires to record its protest against the proposed leasing of the islands in the bay by the government of New South Wales, as inexpedient and obstructive, and to re- quest that they may be withdraw from the market for the present." " 2nd.—That the Chairman be empowered to forward copies of the resolution just passed to the Secretary for Lands and Works, and to the Government Resident." Mr. PUGH said he believed it was Mr. Nehemiah Bartley who had, twelve months ago, applied for the lease of the islands, as he alleged, for the introduction of the alpacca, for pursuing the dugong and the pearl fisheries, which, though he must say it looked very much like a Yankee speculation, yet he saw, no reason why it should be condemned, or not pay a man with the pluck to go into it. Mr. BROOKES gave his own views on the matter, saying that the policy pursued by the Sydney Government towards this district was indicative of an unfriendly feeling. If an application had been made for leasing the islands in the neighborhood of Port Jackson it would have immediately been said by the Sydney Government that such a course would open up a harbour for smugglers. By leasing the Islands in the Bay it was rendered impossible for the Government of this colony to prevent smuggling if the Islands fell into the hands of persons disposed to pursue the illegal traffic Though the Sydney Govern- ment might say that an injustice would be committed by leasing the Islands in the vicinity of Port Jackson they were willing to perpetrate the injustice on them, and leave them to remedy the evil as best they could. The speaker then noticed the dugong fishery established at St. Helena, and the injustice of granting a monopoly to any one. He then noticed the £1,000 granted for the fur- nishing of the Governor's House, and the remarks of a newspaper correspondent upon the grumbling said to have taken place be- cause it was not spent in the district, and characterised the meanness to exist in the mind of the writer and not in the people for complaining. He then passed on to review his own position amongst them ; how he must stand or fall with the district, and bade them be aware how they trusted some men Who would profess and lead them astray. When the Chairman had closed his re- marks, Mr. W. MURRAY rose, and asked the Chair- man if there was not a little dodging in the matter, and whether the chairman, though he professed to be so strange when he first com- menced, had not a perfect knowledge of the plans. Somehow he thought the meeting had been called to afford the chairman an opportunity of talking and publishing his own grievances, else why the introduction of irrevalent matter? He agreed with the object of the meeting in protesting against the lease of the Islands, but could not see why the chairman should introduce subjects foreign to the meeting. He asked him if the meeting was not convened by him or through his agency? Mr. BROOKES said the meeting was not convened by him, and also that he knew nothing of the arrangements. Mr. PETRIE, senr.: I should like to say a few words about the Islands, as I am al- most the oldest resident, and have had op- portunities of judging of their value by per- sonal visits and observations. As Iong since as 1839 Major Cotton made an application for Peel Island, intending to erect a residence there, but permission was refused by the Go- vernment, and the reason alleged was that the Island might be needed for works of fortification for defence. About a year afterwards application was made for Peel Island for the purpose of erecting a bathing place, and another application was made for the old Pilot Station at Moreton Island for the same purpose, but all the applications were refused, on the ground that the places mentioned would be required for purposes of defence. Although I have visited these Islands, and had become in a great measure familiar with them, yet I believe their ca- pabilities, though at present unknown, will prove of great importance to the district when they are developed. I consider that Bribie's Island is admirably adapted for a fishing station, for I have seen the blacks catch plenty of fish without any apparent difficulty. I know from my own observa- tion that to the north of Bribies at Stingaree Bay there is every opportunity of carrying on a pearl fishery to advantage. I had an opportunity of exploring the whole of More- ton Island in 1837, and I was surprised to find fine and beautiful sand of such a quality that I was induced to send some of it home to England, where it was tested and proved to be very valuable in the manufacture of glass. I have heard cypress pine mentioned at this meeting, and I know that it exists in abundance sufficient to make it valuable as a source of revenue in the times that are coming for the colony. I do hope that there will be a protest entered, and that the islands will not be allowed to be leased away from us. So satisfied was I of their value for the advancement of the colony that I directed the attention of Leich- hardt to them, but he was prevented from in- vestigating their resources. I am well satisfied that if the Islands are put up and leased to any individual, that it will be ruin- ous to the interests of the place. (Cheers.) Dr. CUMMING made a few remarks on the proposal, conciding with the injustice and impropriety of leasing the Islands, and finished by proposing a vote of thanks to the chair, which Mr. Gray seconded. The chairman replied, and the meeting sepa- rated. The Chairman, as requested, sent the Re- solution to the Government Resident, to which he replied as under : Government Resident's Office, Brisbane. 6th September, 1859. Sir,—In acknowledging the receipt of your letter of this day's date, enclosing a copy of Re- solutions passed at a public meeting held on the 5th instant, on the subject of the intended leasing of the Islands in Moreton Bay, I do myself the honor to inform you, that, by last steamer to Syd- ney, I addressed a letter to the Hon. the Secre- tary for Land and Public Works on this subject, and suggested that the leases of the Islands should be withdrawn from sale, and the subject left for the consideration of the Government about to be established at Moreton Bay. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your obedient survant, JNO. C. WICKHAM, G.R. Mr. W. Brookes, Brisbane. ' 