POLITICAL. WILL THERE BE A EEVOLU TION? (From the M. Herald May ll.) When times are more than usually dull tbe public mind has a curious tendency to fall into all sorts of imaginary alarms, and to conjure up a variety of fanciful presentiments of coming evils. This disposition springs, we suppose, from the same nrinciDle in thn human min*! as that which makes tbe silence and darkness of night — never tbe bustle and brightness of daytime — tbe pferiod when spectres and other grisly phan toms stalk abroad 'with threatening aspect dire.' Unluckily for our peace of mind, these present times are some what of the dullest, and the consequence is, that many weak-minded persons are beginning to be haunted by the cus tomary brood of 'unreal mockeries.' The predominant hallucination, how ever, appears to be, that this country ib homing on tbe verge of a fearful revo lution. The ghost of the old ' French invasion' absurdity seems to be laid, past all chance of resurrection, and now the Tolly of tLe hour assumes a domestic shape. This time the ghost is to arise in our very dwelling. Well, will there be a revolution ? We think not, — we very decidedly think not. Granted that awful tbreatB of an impending catastrophe of that kind are held in terrorem over the public head, and even brandished in the face of the Head of tbe Executive, by those five or six restlessly active persons who mag niloquently style themseivea ' Tbe Con vention ; granted, moreover, that the Sons of Labour (who meet every Thurs day night at tbe Belvidere hotel) are solemnly forewarning this community (hat the hour of trial is at band, — that ' the battle between Capital and Labour is now raging in all its fury,' — that ' capitalists and contractors are now fighting to enslave tbe Sons ol Industry, and with oppression's grasp to trample on their division of the day !' — granted, once more, tbftt deputations from thou sands of disfranchised diggers solemnly warn us that their crowds of clients are in a state of hardly suppressed rebel lion ; — and granted lastly, that all the aforesaid 'dangerous elements' are exciting great perturbations in tbe minds of Rural Economists vrboBe ordinary ' talk is of bullocks :' — we yet boldly avow our profound disbelief in the ex istence of any reasonable and tangible grounds for anticipating a real, dowu right revolution in Victoria. We do not place the slightest reliance on the dismal vaticinations of any Conventioniatg, Sons of Labour, Digger Delegates, or timid Rural Economists whatsoever. And why? Because — and this re ply is, we submit, conclusive — there do not exist in this country any of the effective elements out of which popular levolutions spring. We speak con fidently on this point ; because, iii tbe course of our limited historical studies, we have given some attention to the ?ubjoct of (he causes of popular revolu tions. For instance, it was but the other day that we went carefully through De Tocqneville's recent work, in which the whole question, in its re lations with tbe first French revolution, is exhsuitivtly treated ; and we could not trace the faintest analogy between the circumstances therein elucidated and those of this country. At every point, indeed, there was a striking contrast. Why, it was but the other day that a self-constituted body of popular dele gates were holding out threats to the Head of the Executive here, because His Excellency would not consent to commit a most unconstitutional and despotic act ! Besides, where would be tbe rationality of getting up a revolu tionary movement against a Ministry (for that is what it amounts to), who may be driven from office at any mo ment by an adverse vote ef tbe Legisla tive Assembly ? _ But the case is not one for serious discussion. The absurdity of it is too gross. Nor would it be deserving even of passing notice, were it not that the folly is being diligently propagated in many quarters. We have quoted above Bomeseniences from the mani festo of the iSonn of Labor ; what will our readers tbiok ol such language as this : — ' By class-legislation the colony has been brought to its present climax ! What do we witness ? Oo the one hand, unbounded wealth and luxury among the favored few ; and on tho other, among the artisans, mechanics and la borers (tbe producers of wealth), U to be found starvation and misery !' and again, ' Verily, verily, have they made the house of thepeeple (the legislature) a den of money changers and of thieves !' We Bhould be insulting the common sense of our fellow colo nists of tbe working classes, if we sup posed for a moment that language of this kind weighed morn anrinnslv nith them than tbe ravings of an escaped patient from Yarra Bend. Still, such language is printed and circulated amongst some classes in this country ; and if so, then mischief ol some kind is evidently intended. In which case, it is as well for the public journalist to make a casual remark on the groundlessness of these pre posterous statements, and to point out the ludicrous folly of those persois who pretend either to fear or to foretell a coming revolution in Victoria, Mr. Adams, the sculptor, who executed the collosal tutue of tho late Duke of Welling* a for Norwich-, has sent designs to Sunderland for the competition for ths memorial statue to the late General Oavelock. 