CREATION: A VISIBLE AND SYMBOLI CAL WITNESS TO MORAL AND DIVINE TRUTH. ( Concluded from our last.) Another mysterious power belongs to this law of gravity. Its influences draw our earth and planets towards the Sun ; — but another power, called the cen trifugal force, acting according to ascertained laws, tends to drive us all away from the Sun : so, by the united action of these two oppoBing'forees, all our revolutions around the Sun are quite securely effected. Although the Sun is ninety-five millions of miles distant, yet this unseen power of gravity in the ,Sun acts with unerring certitude in a single ,moment on our earth. This is just as if a tre mendous fire acted in an instant of time, with a like irresistible force, upon bodies as many millions of miles distant as the planets are from the Sun. If such another earth as ours were, at this moment, called into being beside us, by the com mand of the Almighty — that same moment, this un ' seen force of gravity would similarlyact from the Sun upon such a newly created body. 'What- mortal man,' exclaims the present emin ent Sir John Herschell, ' can be made to believe, without demonstration, that the Sun is almost a million of times larger than the earth ; and that, although so remote from us, that a cannon-ball shot directly towards it. and -maintaining its full speed, would be twenty years in reaching it, it yet affects the earth by its attraction in an inappreciable instant of time?' What a common thing, then, is a particle of dust under your feet ! Yet that particle is so consti tuted by its Creator, that it is endued with those pro perties which makeitanembryouniverse — an element which rises into proportions, throughout the uni verse, of such surpassing grandeur; just as the .minutest seeds of vegetation, germinating under the. agency of 'Deity, usher forth Into existence all thewild magnificence of trackless forests and all the beauteous exuberancy of vegetable life ! . We have called a particle of dust a 'common' ithing. We correct ourselves — we must not regard 'anything as common in God's universe. Take a single. drop of water. It is in the form of a dew tdrop'; glistening, in the bright morning's sun, on a blade of grass. It is a very common thing — but 'how came it there ? Perhaps you answer — it de .scended during the night from the air. Well, how .came it into the air, and what caused it to descend ? Does it descend during the day as well as the night ? (How much is there here for inquiry to reflecting minds ! Does the drop fall from the clouds as rain ? What, then, causes it to take a globular form, and why does it descend ? The correct answer is — that the drop becomes a globe and descends by the very same laws 'which hold the sun in its course and whirl around all the ?planets, oomets, stars, and systems in their vast orbits. Does the drop appear as a tear in your eye ? Here again this very common thing is con nected with the laws that regulate the vast region b of immensity. The elegant poet, Rogers, the au thor of the 'Pleasures of Memory,' graphically refers to the profound science involved in every tear — ' That very law which moulds a tear, And bids it trickle from its source, That law preserves the eiirth a sphere, And guides the planets in their course.' We have not yet done with the common drop of water j for, draw one from a stagnant pool of water, and place it under a powerful microscope. See, vegetation appears in it, glowing in gorgeous colours, radiant with various beauty ! Yes, look again : there are thousands of living creatures _of endless variety and exquisite structure, disporting themselves so full of happiness in this aquatic forest — most -minute, indeed, they are, yet con summately perfect in every orgauised pait and function, and enjoying the plenitude of life, as much as the most gigantic of animated beings. Next take a drop from the limpid stream, gush ing from the mountain's side, or ont of the mighty ocean ; evaporate it on a slip of glass, and a residuum is left. Where, then, are the watery particles gone, and of what does that residuum consist ? and how came it into the water? Lastly, subject the drop to the influence of freezing cold : mark well the icy crystals shooting in minute spicula over its surface— they assume perfect geometric forms of most beautiful and delicate symmetry j Thus, in one single drop of water are involved the depths of natural philosophy, of mathematical science, of pneumatics, of meteorology, of chem istry, of botany, and of entomology ! Yet, after all, a drop of water, as the particle of dust we have discussed, most ?will regard as an exceedingly common thing indeed. It has been well said — ' It is in common things — in objects most familial — that we find exhauetless matter for our privilege of reading God amid his bright creation.' Among all the sciences, therefore, a wonderful connection exists. How can it be otherwise — for universal science is but the shadow of creation, where the relations of harmony so abound : and the projected shadow must always faithfully represent the substance. Hence Plato, in the profound con captions of his majestic genius, truly uttered the remarkable saying, that, ' God geometrizes in all his worlcs' — a truth hoiv full of the sublimest specu. lations ! Lord Brougham has eloquently observed on this very, topic, in one of his most popular scientific pub, lications — 'Is there,' says his Lordship, 'in all the fairy tales that ever were fancied, any thing more calculated to arrest the attention, and tc occupy and to gratify the mind, than this most un. expected resemblance, between things so unlike, tc the eyes of ordinary beholders ? What more pleasing occupation than to see, uncovered anc] bared before our eyes, the very instrument and th( process by which Nature works ? We raise oui views (continues (he noble author) to the strnctun of the heavens ; arid are again gratified with tracing accurate but most unexpected resemblances. Is i' not in the highest degree interesting to find, that thi power which keeps this earth in its shape and in it! path (Lord Brougham here refers to the power o gravity which we have been developing), wheelinf upon its axis and round the sun, extends over a the other worlds that compose tne universe, ana « gives to each its proper place and motion ; that this a same power keeps the moon in her path round our earth, and our earth in its path round the sun, and p each planet in its path ; that the same power causes p the tides upon our globe, and the peculiar form of ij the globe itself ; and that, after all, it is the same power which makes a stone fall to the ground 1 To t- learn these things, and to reflect upon them (his xt Lordship concludes), occupies the faculties, fills the tl mind, and produces certain as well as pure gcatir^ .fi cation.' ' ' ? I Now an objector may madly assert that all these « lawsare mere accident. h We reply — if, in a machine of stupendous me-. $t chanism, framed by human skill, there were a most ri peculiar arrangement contrived to prevent destruc- a, tion, how great then the infatuation to deem such m accidental ! Amongst men such a supposition would be set down as veritably insensate folly. Why, ai should it be otherwise with'the works of God ? ei We have referred to specific properties, involving b precise mathematical truths, appertaining to the force of gravity, conferred upon matter by God. n Could these have been an accident 1 s; An accident] — when every question affecting all ir the heavenly bodies and our whole solar system is s; traceable, exclusively, to these laws, and accurately e: explained only by such laws ! e' Infinite were the laws from which the Creator S could select — those He has, to positive demonstra- h tion, specially adopted for the nniverse, which only n do explain every difficulty, and ensure, under His tl providence, perpetual security. ai If, for instance, the Almighty had either endued rr matter with no power of gravity at all, or had in- if vested it with other laws than those selected, then it might most easily be proved that all the compli- d cated horrors of complete disorganising ruin must g have instantly, must have universally ensued, as ft well to the planets themselves, as to the whole range of animated beings therein, resulting, among si other things, from the irregularity of the seasons, ic and the absolute uncertainty of the lawless temper- v ature. n The philosophic Paley, in his astronomical ob- n servations in his ' Natural Theology,' lucidly 1 illustrates the topics of our reflections — ' It is dif- a ficult (says he) to bring the imagination to con ceive (what yet, to judge tolerably of the matter, it 5 is necessary to conceive) how loose, if we may so a express it, the heavenly bodies are. Enormous h globes, held by nothing, confined by nothing, are e turned into free and boundless space, each to seek si its course by the virtue of an invisible principle; but a principle, one, common, and the same in all ; and aacertainable. (Paley here refers to the laws ' of gravity.) To preserve '(lie continues) SsJisbJ ?'. bodies from being lost, from running together in' heaps, from hindering and distraoting one another's motions in a degree inconsistent with any continu ing order ; that is, to cause them to form planetary systems, systems that, when formed, can be upheld, and most especially systems accommodated to the organised and sensitive natures which the planets sustain, as we know to he the case, -where alone we can know what the case is, upon our earth ; all this requires (Paley concludes) an intelligent interposi tion, because it can be demonstrated concerning it, that it requires an adjustment of force, distance, direction, and velocity, out of the reach of chance to have produced ; an adjustment, in its view to j utility, similar to that which we see in ten thou- a sand subjects of nature which are nearer to us, but - in power, and in the extent of space through which that power Is exerted, stupendous.' . , In drawing our remarks to a close, let us then t bear in mind that every thing in the universe is ^ systematical — all is combination, affinity, and ; connexion — all is designed to conspire to one j general end — and hence results that unbroken 9 harmony which suggested to the ancients ' the music of the spheres' — whilst this celeEtial , melody of the multitudinous bodies revolving around our sun is echoed by that of millions of millions of , rolling worlds, which shine around the bright, , refulgent suns that reign above in the vastness of ( unbounded space. , The relations uniting all thase endless ranges of worlds constitute the sublime harmony of the , universe. j From this harmonious diversity of universal , being, and the vast amount of happiness proceed ing therefrom, arise all the fairest proportions of , loveliest beauty. Heat, light, and, as we have shewn, gravitation, with other manifold influences link, our globe with far distant worlds, binding together in one com- ►' pactest indissoluble chain the remotest boundaries of universal creation. Thus it is that the harmonising relations per vading the most partial details as well as the widest generalities of the universal system of nature — above and below and around — exhibit an indis putable evidence of design and providence to the philosophic inquirer, just as obvious as the family likenesses of the several individual members of a family point out to any ordinary observer their close mutual relationship and manifest descent from the same common parentage. Hence the relations and harmonies, so traceable throughout the uni verse, to an infinite extent, demonstrate, as clear as the effulgent radiance of the meridian sun, the systematic arrangement of the mutual adaptations and closest correspondencies everywhere existing by the providential will of Heaven. The universe has no bounds, yet it. is full of matter and motion. There is not a single point in the unlimited realms of space, which has not some body in it — or some influence passing through it. Where is there a single void — where is there a single object truly fixed ? The operations of life, force, and activity pervade the boundless domains of the creation of God. There are displayed to an endless extent, the effects of His power, the expres sions of His will, the shadows of His gloty, the images of His love, the manifestation of that divine energy from which they were all originally derived. The lips of babes era now have been opened to proclaim the praises of their Maker — 'He hath put down the migMyfrom (heir seat, and hath exalted the \ umblc. He hath filled the hungry with good things ; nd the rich he hath sent empty away.' Thus a little girl being once asked by a learned hilosopher, 'where God was?' She briefly and romptly replied, ' I will tell yon, Sir, where He is, ''you ?mill tell me where He is not ?' Now the harmonious relations of creation typify, ) absolute demonstration, that Deity is every 'here. The Word of heaven ratifies this echo of le Works of the Creator — ' Whither shall I go ?Qmik-j-spirit2,.ot.whithrr tliaUI-flee fiiun thy face? f I ascend into heaven, thou art there : if I descend ito hell, thou art present. If I lake my wings early i the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the !-J : even there also shall thy hand lead me : and thy Ight hand shall hold vie. I will praise Vice, for thou rt fearfully magnified : wonderful are thy worlis, and \y soul hioweth right well.' All are parts of that stupendous whole we have ttempted to pourtray, to the perfection of which, ich, in its appointed time and place, is indispensi ly necessary. It is, then, God's power which, at the same loment, works in every vegetable and animal pstem — upholds, quickens, and invigorates every lind — acts efficaciously in every part of the solar Cstem, and of all the other inexhaustible and un ichausted systems of the universe — sends abroad reiy moment immense oceans of light from the un, and innumerable such oceans from the stars — olds all worlds in the hollow of his hand, and Jtains them exactly in their places, and rolls them vrough. fields of ether with harmonious, unceasing, ftd inconceivably rapid motions — and, in such a lanner, as to preserve inviolably their stability, and, 'it be His blessed will, to secure their perpetuity. Nor is it in the greatest things only we see, so emonstrably, the Creator's presence, agency, and oodness. These His glorious attributes are mani isted equally in the very least. None but the Supreme Deity can form or pre :rve, direct or regulate an atom, a leaf, a mite, or an iseet, any more than an angel, a world, or the uni. erse — therefore does the revelation of heaven an ounce, that God clothes the grass of the field, that ot even a sparrow can fall to the ground without lis appointment, that the very hairB of our heads re all numbered. Our illustrious countryman, the late Thomas .toore, who so worthily represented the traditionary ncient bardic glories of our dear Fatherland, with is usually fervid pathos and surpassing elegance, nshrines his own pious aspirations in the following tanzas : — Thou art, O God, the life and light ' Of all tills wondrous world we see; — Its glow by day, its smile by night, -Are but reflections caught from Thee ! Where'er we turn thy glories shine. ?' 'And all things fair aud bright are Thine. ' '' ' ' When day, with farewell beam, delays . . Among the opening clouds of even, ; And we can almost think we gaze, Through golden vistas, into heaven j— Those hues that mark the sun's decline, So soft, so radiant, Lord, are thine. When night, with wings of stormy gloom, O'ershadows all the earth and skies, Like some dark beauteous bird, whose plume Is sparkling with a thousand eyes, That sacred gloom, those fires divine, So grand, so countless, Lord, are Thine. When youthful spring around us breathes, Thy spirit warms her fragrant sigh, And every flower the summer wreathes, Is bom beneath that kindling eye;— Where'er we turn thy glories shine. And all things bright and fair are Thine I Oh ! how suggestive the words of divine scrip ure— 'In him we live — and move — and 6e'— how ipiritually subduing the reality to each of us,' that ' Thou, 'God, seest us I' .;',.:?- ; Let us now ask, art thou awed at the appalling: jrandeur of the universe of God? Art thou riot! eady to exclaim with the holy David— -'/ w'M lehold Thy heavens, the works of Thy fingers :.! the noon and the stars which Thou hast founded. What Is man that Thou art mindful of him, or the son of man that Thou visitest him ?' ' But art thou fearful that the eye of Providence may overlook you in the limitless immensity of His jlorious kingdom, then call to mind that divine word which so gloriously honours you— ' Thou hast made him a little less than the angels, Tlum hast crowned him with glory and honour, and hast set him over the works of Thy hands.' If then, as men, we are so pre- eminently dis tinguished by the grace of Heaven, in creation ns in redemption, should not the frequent aspirations Df our bosoms sweetly blend with those of the Royal Psalmist, in the hallelujah strains of adoring gratitude — ' 0 Lord, our Lord, how admirable is thy name in all the earth !' .-.?. Moreover, behold in every mote that flits across a sunbeam — in every particle of matter around us — behold, in your very selves, in every pulse that beats in your arm, most startling wonders— behold, in the whole mechanism of creation, behold, we say, crowds of inexplicable mysteries — mysteries so utterly impenetrable to -us mortals, though so lucidly transparent, in plainest simplicity, to the all- comprehensive mind of omniscient Deity ! Now, if such surpassing mysteries are in us and around us — facts which no man can rationally deny — should not similar stupendous mysteries according to that analogy which runs throughout all the divine dispensations, abound likewise in tin grand crowning consummating dispensation o Heaven — the divine scheme of man's eternal sal vation ? Should not mysteries crowd the Won just as they do the works of God, inasmuch as tliei both are equally the issues of the samo eterna mind 1 And so it is. That overflowing ocean of love— the exhaustless source of the world's etornal re demption — is proclaimed, from on high, to surpns all the utmost bounds of knowledge — it is preemi nently declared of that mighty centre of the. wholi Christian revelation, the Incarnation of the Divim Redeemer — 'And evidently great is the MYSTERY of godliness, which was manifested in the flesh, wa justified in the spirit, appeared unto angels, hath been preached unto the Gentiles, is believed in the world, is taken up into glory,' whilst also the privileged mi nistering servants of Christ, tho ministers of tin altar, are distinguished, in the words of the Apostle rb '-the dispensers of the mysteries of God.' Thus here again harmony also meets us. Heayet and earth here unitedly attest by mysteries the won ders of atoning love, just as we have already seen, of creating power.; Pascal of France, a Catholic layman, the pro foundest master of reason's acutest subtleties per haps the world ever saw, whose genius Locke, the acknowledged founder of England's Protestant school of mental philosophy, pronounces in his ' Essay on the Human Understanding' to be ' in comparable' — such a man, then, as Pascal, declares, in his gfM'iy ' Thoughts,' that — 'the highest attainment of reason, is to know that there is an in finity of knowledge beyond its limits:' again 'noth- ing is more consistent with reason than the rejection of reason in matters of faith.' As members then of the one only true Church of ages — whose very origination, and existence, and preservation, and marvellous increase, at the present day, notwithstanding all the rudest shocks of bitter est foes, as forewarned by her Almighty Founder, even in His promise of her glorious victories, that ' gates of hell,' of heresy, and schism, would war against her ; these divine marks of the Catholic Church, we say, are all equally to be numbered amongst the sublimest of mysteries — in the shadow of her divinely- assured mysteries, may our souls peacefully repose — remote alike from the blasphem ing infidel who scoffs at their darkness, and the pre sumptuous separatist who would, so contrary to all sober reason, rather drag those elevating mysteries down to the flickering light of his owtt feeble under standing, than upraise himself, in communion with all the great and good for far more than one thou sand years, on the heavenly wings of divine faith and unerring truth, to the blissful regions of unclouded love and immortality and glory ! Let us say to both infidel and separatist, in the language of one of our very greatest Catholic sainted luminaries, St. Augustine: — 'Do you reason, while I wonder — do you dispute, while I believe — and, whilst beholding the height of Divine Power, I forbear to approach its depths. To you who come to scrutinize what is inscrutable, and to investigate what cannot be investigated, I say — Stop and Believe, or you perish !' Ah ! how powerfully suggestive then is this de claration of St. Paul, that this ineffable mystery of godliness is ' great !' Yes, is it not great in its amazing contents — God in man ? Is it not great by its mighty achievements ? It has demolished the brazen strongholds of sin and Satan — of death and hell. . Is it not great by its unexampled operation ? It plants a creation altogether new in the old. Is it not great by the continuation of its divine power ? It daily rescues fresh victims from the yawning gulfs of hell. Is it not great because of the glorious promises connected with it? All nations which God hath made' shall come and worship Him, through this sublimest of mysteries, and shall eter nally glorify His holy name. Is not this mystery likewise transcendantly great, when, with the eye of faith, we view its ordained ' pillar and ground,' the sacred pavilion of Holy Church ; which, through the outstretched arm of Omnipotence, is now erected, in this vale of tears — a wondrous, glorious, and incomparable temple ? Do not its pillars em brace the uttermost ends of a world ? Do not its pinnacles reach the highest heavens ? Are not its walls as immoveable as the throne of Jehovah ? When, as it is written; ' The day of the Lord shall come as a thief'— when ' the heavens shall pass away with, great violence'— -when 'the elements shall be melted with heat'— when ' the earth and the works that are in it shall be burnt up' — when these dire terrors 'shall; suddenly rush upon a slumbering world, ,will: then the /adamantine Rock of Peter fail?- .The living word; of; commingling power and ?mercy, answers-^' Upon this Rook I will ,ByiLi)MYtGnUROH,: AND THE GATES OF HELL SHALL: NOT, PREVAIL: AGAINST IT !' — and llOW ? sure andsresistless ' is; that Word, for says its Al mighty Utterer— ' Heaven and earth shall 2-ass away ?—but My Word shall not pass away !' Once more, let us ask, was not the Word, which created all tilings out of nothing, a mighty word ? That Word — which summoned forth, from the chaos of primeval darkness, myriad spheres, and set in such harmonious order myriad suns, in the spacious blue unfathonable vault of heaven, pouring forth such floods of burning light to the farthest territories of creation, and lighting up the remotest bodies which roll, in noiseless harmony, amid the boundlessness of space — which built the nniverse — and sprung the glorious arch that spans the over hanging skies— that Word, we repeat, was in truth a mighty Word! But' was there- not a word — a still inconceivably mightier Word than even this ? yes !_^6n Calvary there was a Word of bitterest agony, uttering— 'It is consummated'; — sur- passing all the words (hat were ever before spoken unparalleled in eternity — never to be equalled in time — so much the mightier, as Redemption is in comparably nwo- graiid than Creation itself. Can the orator tell this Word ? His language fails. Can the 'pencil- of historians describe it? Their expression is powerless. Can fancy, even though inspired, pourtray it with sufficient vivid ness 1 No — No, replies the great Apostlo : — ' 0 the depth of the riches of the wisdom and of the knowledge of God ! How incomprehensible are his judgments, and how unsearchable his ways !' This Word of Words, the Lord of might and glory Himself, calls upon all nature to write it. He sum mons the whole creation, just as He had done in the past providential disposition of the empires of the world, to unite in bearing concurrent testimony to it. Emanuel — the ' Word made Flesh' — the God Man — uttered His last agonizing shriek — Heaven wept — -Hell moved— the Sun, veiling his burning splendours, darkened, and relit not up that gloomy darkness for three full hours— the graves heard it, and the dead arose — tho earth trembled — the rocks heard it, and they were rent asunder — and the heav ing throes of nature's convulsive shocks were inte riorly felt through all God's illimitable territories, as if creation now at length reeled in the last tremen dous struggles of final dissolution. And why does Creation exhibit snch awful visita tions? In order, by^auch unparallelled emblems, to tell all coming generations of men, that the fact lien being accomplished, was the greatest recorded, ven in God's own book, the most remarkable that ver happened in eternity, standing without a single arallel in the universe, yea, the whole history of 5od not containing one page equal to that in which i recorded that momentous event, and which never an be repeated throughout the revolving cycles of ternity. What sublimely grand incidents are involved in liis fact? , The pardon of the whole earth — the ful lment of all-prophecy — the realization of all types -the substance of all prefiguring'shadows — the end nd yet the consummation of the law — the ushering i the last crowning dispensation of God — the estab shment of the one only visible and everlasting and niversal and unalterable kingdom, on: and the tame fith the infallible Fold and Ark of Safety, the Holy Iatiiolic Church — the unfettering of man from ie chains of Satan, Death, and Hell — the imparta ion of the Holy Ghost to the Church of God col ;ctively, and to each of her members individually — lie new creation of man and the spiritual regenera ion of his whole powers and faculties — tho full re orioiliation of rebel man to his offended Creator — lie intercommunication between heaven and- earth) lie mystical union between God and man, through acrainental (saving and sanctifying) grace — and the nal raising up the new-born soul and incorruptible ody, from the depth of misery and corruption, to lie summits of everlasting bliss, there, one with the dorable Redeemer, in unfailing mansions prepared iy Him, to wear, amidst all the glorified armies .of caven, resplendent crowns of never-dying glory, rhich the ages of eternity, as they interminably roll n, shall never — never — never dim. At the Crucifixion, then, as was before when the tormy winds and surging waves obeyed their overeign Lord, we behold creation, as it were, ymbalically proffering its willing testimony to the ustice and power and wisdom and mercy of the Creator, displayed therein to all peoples, in all imos, throughout eternity. Have we not here the science of the created rorks of God, in their sublimest teachings, witness, ng to the stupendous work of the world's redemp ion, and to the sublime mysteries of the everlasting Jospel — adding hy their visible testimony rational ind solid confirmation to our faitli as contained in he divine (written and unwritten) Word, inter, ireted with such fixed certitude by the divine warrant of the divine authority of our most ardently )eloved Holy Church ? Whilst, if at. that awful moment of an expiring saviour, there was so fearfully marked in the leavens and in the earth a time of terror of such ntensely appalling wrath, yet was there also most nercifully commingled that consummation of [leaven's eternal plan whereby-^-as choirs of angels leralded at the Nativity from on high — were pro slaimed 'for us men and for our salvation' the jlorious tidings of reconciliation, pardon, and peace aetween Heaven and this our apostate world. How many proofs, then, on all hands, crowd upon upon us, to illustrate the sublime scope of our pre sent reflections, namely — that ' Creation is a visible md symbolical witness to moral and divine Truth.' In what better way, therefore, can wo conclude, ihan in the august strains of one of our Church's ho liest, most inspiring hymns— a hymn so fraught, so issociated with reminiscences of traditionary historic jlories, wherein tho Catholic Church in by-gone »ges was so signally, so pre- eminently, instrumental — arid a hymn, that would almost seem to be a sug gestive epitome, in the sublimest language, of all 3tir own remarks — ' We praise thee, O God ; we acknowledge thee to be our Lord. Thee, the Father Bverlasting, all the earth doth worship.' To thee the angels, to thee the heavens and all the powers. To thee the cherubim and seraphim cry out without ceasing: — Holy, ITolyj Holy, Lord God . of Saba oth : Full are the Heavens and thd Earth op the Majesty of '.fur Glory !,'... .. Bear with me whilst we say, a few words in more immediate reference ito your owri society. ',., Upon the highest of all authorities, the Christian ia commanded to render 'honour to whom honour is due.' .:....' In this spirit we hail the existence of your holy brotherhood arhongst us, as truly worthy, in the highest degree, of distinguished honor. Through the holy and untiring zeal of the Rev. Father Sheridan, your Spiritual Director and our heloved Pastor, you have multiplied your ranks, from mere tens to increasing hundreds. You have had your difficulties to surmount — however you have not been stifled in your cradle — you have grown, through good and evil report, to the might, strong and healthy, of most vigorous manhood. The shaking of the majestic oak by the wiiids of heaven, it is said, strike with firmer te nacity ils mighty roots in its cherishing bed of earth Under the spiritual leadership of Father Sheridar — whom the future history of tho Catholic Church in those regions, must hail as tho first Founder, ii this Archdiocese, of tho Calholic Young Men's So ciety ; and this too at the special instance and witl the fostering approbation of one whoso highly re vered name you will now hear pronounced, as ir your Catholic loyalty you ever do, with a burst o heartfelt enthusiasm — I mean that of His Graci the Archbishop— you enjoy tho like privilegi of being the very first Society in Australia modelled, with the most scrupulous fidelity, ac cording to tho express rules of the first Founder ii Ireland — the Very Rev. Dr. O'Brien ; which rule: have had also tho sanction of by far the highesl personage on earth — of his Holiness Pope Pius IX Thus in priority of time, us well as of numbers we cannot, in truth and justico, deny you the first— thn foremost rank. You have heard this evening an attempt — let m- sincerely nay, a most inadequate attempt-j-to so before you some faint glimpse of the lustre of tin Church of your fathers and of the loved land of ou fathers. Lot mo urgontly impress on you in; solemn profoundest conviction, that this attoirip falls infinitely short, indeed, of anything like th reality of the glories of your Holy Church. ? ?? Why do I say so 1 — Why, to remind you of whn an unspeakable honor, what a high priviledge, yoi possess, in having called heaven to witness, ' wit right hand uplifted,' to ' jjersevcre' in a mission for ' the glory of the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.' You identify j'ourselves, by such a vow, with the progress of a work, in the conscientious performance of which, not mere sinful mortals, but the very loftiest angels of heaven might, in good truth, and do, doubtless, most triumphantly exult. How un speakably great, then, is your honorable distinction ? May God give you — each of you, as you have likewise vowed, this grace of 'perseverance,' with- -,' J1, ?'?'?; out which no man can be finally saved — .is we were all yesterday instructed from the pulpit of the Sacred Heart, in a discourse of the Very Rev. the Father Dean, abounding, I trust I shall be excused in saying here, with singular depth of Christian argument, at once eloquent, earnest, and impres sively pathetic. I cannot possibly put before yon the importance and usefulness of your Society in any better way than merely by faithfully quoting, word for'word, a few instructive sentences, as published in the various addresses, delivered by our Reverend Clergy to your Society and to your associated brethren at St. - ' Benedict's. The Rev. Father Sheridan is reported as saying, at a meeting at St. Benedict's — 'I am happy to congratulate you on your having been the first in seconding the efforts which I, zealously assisted by the good people of the Sacred Heart, have made in originating, at the suggestion of His Grace tho . . Archbishop, this great Catholic cause, which has for its object tho bringing nearer the sanctuary tho flowers and blooms of the Church — the youth of this austral land — in making them the coadjutors with their clergy, in the sacred ministry — participa- ting alike in their labotus anil their rewards. For this purpose every member joining these societies constitutes himself a missioner. By means of these societies a great public feeling in favour of practical Catholicity has been already created in this country. Two or three months ago it would be a wonder to see a young man frequent the Sacraments, but now the wonder is to behold a Catholic youth who neglected to do so. The exception is now, not those who do attend their duty as Catholics, but those who do not. This is the proper Catholic spirit. So also in a short time tho fact of a young man being a member of a young man's society will not be a cause of surprise, but the surprise will be the other way, that he is not a member. The glorious objects of our societies (Father Sheridan concludes) arc the putting down of sin and the promotion of every good and noble virtue.' ? . ..- On a like occasion the Rev. Father Corish i» thus reported— ' The rules of our Society, which have obtained his Grace's most cordial approbation, have heen drawn up in that dear old land, whlch'the ?? -'* ' Archbishop has eo frequently designated with the honoured appellation of ' the fountain of Catho licity.' It 'is a great pleasure to us to be euabldd to inform you, as members of our Holy Faith, that the great concern of each member of the Society is, to live the holy and obedient children of the Church. We are encouraged emphatically to say that we are determined to assist our Archbishop, in every way wo can, to promote the advancement of Catholicity, and to demand, if necessary, perfect equality in religious matters for the Catholics oj Australia, our golden and adopted home.' Upon a similar occasion tho Rev. Father New man is thus reported — ' Young men's societies, when efficiently carried out, become the most powerful agents in diffusing, throughout the com munity, the various branches of useful and par ticularly sound religious knowledge. When the members of such societies enter in earnest into the spirit of their noble calling, they become, ns it were, lamps in their different neighbourhoods, re flecting in their conduct and conversation the bright rays of truth and religion. If, I say, tho members of such associations live in accordance with the spirit .of their holy calling, they become, in after life, good citizens, an honour to religion, and a credit to their friends aud their country. It is in such societies that the great bulk of our Catholic community can acqnire an accurate knowledge of our Fatherland — a knowledge with which is em bodied that fine and sublime religious spirit that mikes us proud of religion — proud to profess, proud to practice it, and willing to defend it. Moreover, when we have an accurate knowlodgo of Catholic Ireland, we can rebut those slanderous imputations cast every day on our religion and our race. It is constantly said of us, that we, Irish, are ignorant aud barbarous, and tljat this degrading character is the natural impress of our Faith. But if wo know the history of our country, we say in reply, that in tho sixth, seventh, and eighth centu ries, ere the savage Northman set foot on our shores, Ireland was indeed the ' island of saints and doctors' ' Father Newman hero refors with truth to the an- - oient glories of our beloved native country, in. res pect to her once famous mission of light ahdscieiice throughout the then benighted nations of Europe. We have a heartfelt conviction, that you also, aB the posterity of that ' island of saints and doctors,' arc designed, through tho instrumentality of your societies, to renew this glorious mission of your re nowned ancestors. We are certain that, through your Societies; the flight of sound literature and.use ful science, strictly subordinated as they over should be to true religion, will be shed abroad by you, to a degree equal to any popular associations whatever in any part of the world — yea, and far superior, in dcod, to most. .?.'?.?. At tho samo time even the most uneducated mem ber may, to his great consolation, feel that even he jhimsclf too is instrumental in thus forwarding, so nobly, the cause of divino and secular knowledgo, by (uniting his onrnest ivid and generous sympathies and loving brotherhood with you, to progress onwards 'tli'q increased diffusion of such a mighty — such a po-; Ipuhir 'enlightenment. . ; In- a word— let all thoso who are possessed of real' manhood or ChriBtiun courage, of generous gratU* tudo, of noble aspirations— for dastard moral cowards can assuredly have no place whatever in your sacred brotherhood— let them join at once your Biiored ranks, tinder the holy directions of our most ^revered pastora. Let them, ns Christian heroes, labour to perpe tiiato Ireland's ancient glories — to bring honour to Trnland's nncient Church — to spred forward all use ful knowledge, in tliat ht-ant'ful spirit of harmony nnd order and cbedipuce which, we h.»ve shown, ro existed, throughout the amplest extent of all God's created work?, for the greater glory of God, FOR TUB SALVATION OF TIIBIIl OTTM SOULS, AND FOn THE EDIFICATION OP THEIR BRETHREN : — . then tuny they, with honest sincerity, take up the thn thrillinp language of that most heautifnl Cathn ,, lie hymn, adopted and printed in the rules of your ..?own society — ' '„. Faith of our Fathers! days of olil. Within our henits speaK gallantly ; Tor ages Iliou hast stood l-y us, ,. . UeaTFnlthl and now, we'll stand l-y (/ice t 1 -.; At. length a flood of light is Tiorrrecl in upon the policy of the Emperor of the French, and ye are now( enabled to read the motives that die v'tated the sudden ppace of Sevastopol, and the . : extraordinary French diplomacy in regard to the ?'?'.'. ' YlYlinn nf tYiA T^anlihifiti *Ji»«iM#»i»inlili«o no vn\\\ no .?'-:' the rebuff- to the Austrian Envoy on New Year's , -'. ;Day, and the Sardinian marriage. Napoleon III., it appears, apes even the most frantic escapades of his uncle, and the crimes and horrors of half a cen ' tuvy ago are to be repeated, that the 'Napoleonic ''??' Ideas' may in some manner, and in some measure, ??' . ybe carried out. The Bourbons, it was complained, '';-,'. learned nothing and forgot nothing in their exile. \- ,'?:?'* Napoleon the Third is proving to the world that the * aphorism is equally applicable to him. When a helpless so)nurner in England, his maxim was, that V - his uncle committed two great mistakes, in quarrel 'j Ving^'with this country and in confiding in the :«! .-pKPfnises .'and fidelity of Alexander; and these ji; blunders, as we learn from various authentic .:'-. -.sources, ? he is himself about to repeat. France, -. Russia, and Sardinia hare coalesced in armed hostility against Europe. 'Wicked and monstrou3as this is, we cannot hone3tly say that to us, at least.it ?is surprising. We never fell into the society of a . .British Crimean officer who did not express with bitterness his conviction that France had betrayed .England by the hurried peace with Russia after the fall of Sebastopol. The subsequent courtesies of the ? Grand Dukes, the pro-Russian and anti .? English course taken by Napoleon III. on the union of Moldavia and Wallachia, and the incidents connected with the long sojourn of the Dowager ?Czarina at Nice prepared us for the alarming fact ? that the two great military despots had once more entered into an iniquitous league against the rights and independence of Europe. It may be remembered, perhaps, that we threw out some hints as to the possibility of such an event, : not many weeks since, when we adverted to the cir ? cumstances of the Treaty of Tilsit. By that treaty ..: Napoleon and Alexander agreed to despoil Austria and Prussia, and to divide the plunder between themselves. Another Napoleon and another Alex \- ander have now again conspired for the same iniquitous purpose; but, as we are given to under ??'?-. stand,.. with this most important difference, that . Napoleon consents to the occupation of Constanti nople by the Czar — an arrangement which his -?-uncle sternly resisted. The seizure will not, how ever, be attempted immediately — that would not , square with the tortuous duplicity of Muscovite policy. The Montenegrins are to rebel against the — Porte, the 'Rouman nation' is to declare its inde. \- pendence, and the Russians, upon the invitation of .its Prince, are to cross the Pruth merely to carry , .out the intentions of the Paris Conference. The small end of the wedee will thus be inserted, and ' when the favourable moment arrives the whole will ? be driven home. On the G-allician frontier of . Austria, however, as well as upon the line of Russo Ppland, which borders upon the Prussian territory, there will be no such reserve. England, which 'it is not either desired or desirable at this moment to arouse, has no interest to guard there, and the Russian hordes will accordingly hover on those flanks of the two principal German States to keep them in check and embarrass their movements, ? while the frontier of Imperial France is once more pushed to the Rhine, and the effort is made simul . taneously by the combined arms of France and Sardinia to rob Austria of Lombardy and Venice, uniting them to Piedmont, to drive the Bourbons ; from Naples, set up once moro the throne of Murat, and to create again a king of Rome in the person of Napoleon Jerome Buonaparte, who is to have the ? l/States. of- the Church and the Duchies of Tuscany ? and Lucca. Such we believe to be the general game -upon which Napoleon has entered. His uncle, ? great by genius, and illustrious by military achieve. . ments, tried lus hand at the same game ; but tlte 'obligations contracted, and the friendship sworn at ' - Erfurth, did not prevent the invasion of Russia by .the French, nor the entry of the Cossacks into Paris, and the insatiable ambition which aimed at universal dominion, and which, in its reckless career, laid impious hands upon the Vicar of Christ, found an ignominious gaol and grave at St. Helena. It is impossible for men to foresee the issue of the war which Buonapartist ambition has now lighted up in Europe. In the inscrutable designs of Providence thewicked conspiracy may bo crowned with tempo rary success, or it may rapidly recoil upon its guilty authors; but the interests at stake are too great to permit Europe to stand still while a gigantic game ? of aggression, most foully planned and insidiously ? matured, is played out to a successful issue. The .association of Russia in the conspiracy makes it one of the utmost importance, and the most extreme danger to the whole civilised world. 'What will ' Lord John Russell say now to the Whig protege, Victor Emmanuel? Only last Monday the author -of the Durham letter was vehemently calling for British sympathy onbchalf of Sardinia, and arousing iridigriation against Austria as a State that used its influence in Italy in propagating despotic principles ?and a' ' benighted religion.' We earnestly hope that those .words have attracted the notice of the Catholics of the United Kingdom. It shall not be our fault if they are forgotten when Lord John is 'scrambling for office after the meeting of Parlia. ment. They evidence the intense malice of the creature who uttered them, and show that the inso .lent slander expressed 'in the letter to Dr. Maltby wasnot an accidental slip of the pen, but the deli terate expression of deep.-rooted hatred against the -Chutch of God. But what will this great Whig -. statesman now say of the conduct of the Emperor of Austria ? Has the current of hio sympathies taken another course since Wednesday morning? We might laugh at the contortions of the Whigs and their journals, and their floundering attempts to get out of the difficulty with regard to Italy, in which they have entangled themselves, in conse quence of their Auti- Catholic hate, if our feelings were not too much excited by the presence of the appalling mischief. Who can say that the coquetry of Lord Palincrston and his crew with Italian anarchy, their incessant abuse of the Italian Governments, chiefly because these Governments montose Government because it abuts heresy, robs churches, despoils convents, degrades monks, perse cutes nuns, and vilifios and insults the Holy See, have not been an important assistance to the rulers of ' Franc*,' Russia, and Sardinia, in forming their offen sive and defensive alliance against this country and the rest of Europe } The bad seed sown by Lord Minto in Italy as their agent is now producing its evil fruit. Lord Shaftesbury will probably re joice in the hope of once more driving tho Pope from Rome, but what arc the feelings of his friend the ex Premior at the prospect of Muscovite occu pation of Constantinople, unions England gird her loinB again for the fight, send another fleet into tho Euxihe and the Baltic, and encumber herself with fresh loans and war taxes f Three days ago the Times, Lord John Russell, and Lord Shaftesbury were denouncing Austria in full chorus as an ob ject of English detestation, and eulogising Sardinia as worthy of all honour and encouragement. Of course this was dune on high principle. We must not imagine that any motive so gravelling and selfish at) mere English interests and English safety will alter their note ov give a different meaning to their strophe. Victor Emmanuel and Count Cnvour have allied themselves with the deadly enemy of England, in orilot to overthrow the fixed policy of Great Britain in tho East j but then they take the Wuldeuses under their especial care und protection, and are the enemies of the ' benighted Catholic re ligion.' Wh»t more can the Enijliiih Evangelicals and the English Whigs desire? It would be a ' sight entrancing' to see the malignant bigotry of the Palmerston and Shaftesbury crew thus humbled and chastised, if their punishment did not, unfortu nately, involve the happiness of our country. But Catholic loyalty is not lip service nor iucic fair weather fealty. It is a deep-rooted, vigorous, en during plant, that flowers best in an uncongenial season. Leaving then the bigoted revilets of our faith to get out of tho miro in which their malignity has plunged them, as best they may, it is our part to bear, as best we may, the perils and privations which an European war — the result, to a great ex tent, of the pernicious foreign policy of Lords Pal nierstdn and John Russell— will inevitably entail upon the United Kingdom. Under any cireum stances it would have be™ very difficult for England to avoid being drawn into the war kindled by the profligate ambition of Napoleon III. But the difficulty must he increased tenfold by the appear ance of Russia as a belligerent in alliance with Fmnce. We have no very sanguine hopes that she will very long maintain her armed neutrality. An anti- French feeling and an anti-Catholic feeling lie deep in John Bull's her.rt ; either may slum ber for awhile, but both are at any moment liable to be fanned into a flame. And it is lmpossioie not to see mat ine emperor hub aone all that is possible to excite a feeling against France. One thing at least is plain. The Anglo French alliance is at an end. May it be lenewed under happier auspices; for its tendency is to pro duce the greatest good. But with Napoleon III. it is over. He has made' his choice, and connected himself with other allies. England must now make hers, and her alternative is only to throw herself as she did ot theclose of the eighteenth century as a principal into the European war, or to isolate her self from European politics, taking a line verysimi. lar to that of the United States. This last is open to her, if she at once provides a fleet which will Be cure her naval ascendancy, and . arm her people so as to deter aggression ; and it is this that we desire to see done.-r- Weekly Register, April 30. 