MEIBOURXE; (Front our own Correspondent.) Saturday, SStli May. Ox Saturday afternoon Uudcrtrood renewed his experiments to show the ellicaey of his antidote against the bito of a snake, at the American Hippodrome, Lonsdale-street. The admission was iialt-a-crown, aud there were about two hundred persons present The experiments were undertaken at the solicita tion of a number of gentlemen who bad formed themselves into a committee of direc tors, and instructed Underwood as to the nature of the experiments lie was to make. This committee consisted of the following gentlemen :-=-Doetors Macadam; TurnbulF, Uavrard, Motherwell, Knagges, and. Blair, and Messrs Mussou, Eascy, Biniincr, Thymas and Frank Stephen. It is to Mr Frank Stephen that we are principally indebted for the organization of the committee. In company with Under wood, he went in search of snakes wherewith to experiment, and was fortunate to procure four, two of which, as will he observed, are of a most deadly kind, the other two beiug of a description termed a worm snake, about six inches long, and comparatively speaking harmless. In the arena of the Hippodrome was placed a table covered with a blanket, upon whicli the experiments were made, in the presence of the audience''occupying the scats around it. Alter a few remarks from Mr Stephen, explanatory of the circum stances connected with the procuring the snakes aud the appointment of the com mittee, and after a request that gentlemen would keep the arena clear, and not crowd around the table, three hags were produced, from which Underwood drow four snakes— a black snake—another of the deadly kind, but the description ot which was a matter of dispute, Underwood terming it a diamond, others a yellow snake and two worm snakes. Alter rousing the reptiles from their apathy, and by irritating them displayed their acti I vity, Underwood-'replaced' them in their re spective hags,-prior to commencing tile first 1 experiment. A puppy of the Newfoundland breed was the lirst victim. He was Laidupoii the table—hia feet tied so that he lay quite helpless, and whilst in that position, Under wood drew the black snake from its bag, and irritating it a while, placed its head in con tact with the head of the puppy. The suako for some miuutos refused to notice the dog rather seeking to avoid it, until Underwood took it by the back of the neck, and held it close to the puppy's nose, and inllicted a sharp wound. The medical gentle men having examined the wound and satisfied themselves of its character un tied the puppy and suffered it to run arouud the arena. Several minutes elapsed waiting for indications of the inoculation of the poison, when Underwood, at the request of the medical gentlemen, prepared to experi ment with the second snake, regarding which there was some dispute as to its description, though Mr Frank Stephen declared there was some as to its character, lie describingit as unc of the most rarely met with hut the most deadly in this or the adjoining colouies, and he spoke. from thirty years' experience. This snake was found at Caulfieid, Prabrau. Upon discovering its locale, a little wattle branch was procured and forced into the hole by Mr Stephen, whilst Underwood dug down in the direction indicated by the course of the wattle. . Iu this way the course of the snake was traced for about thirty yards, and when the snake was discovered at the termi i nation of its retreat, it was scarcely a foot 'from the point of commencing,—such was j the sinuous course it had pursued. As soon as the snake was discovered, Underwood stooped deliberately to pick it up, when .Mr Stephen, knowing the character of the rep tile, became alarmed for Underwood's safety and drew him hastily hack in order to warn himoftlio more than ordinary danger heincur red, and the necessity of being cautious, hut Underwood, nothwithstauding the advice, laid hold of the snake and placed it in the bag provided for its reception. Whilst Mr Stcphcu was making these explanations to the committee, a second dog was being hound by the medical gentlemen. In addi tion to binding the feet, a rope was passed through the mouth, in order to lay hare the fleshy portion of the jaws, which being done, the tiger snake, as Mr .Stephen named his capture, was placed with its Head towards the dog, but refused to bite, though much irritated, rearing its head, opening wide its jaws, and extending its fangs. Underwood then took it by the neck, and squeezing it rather tightly, held its open mouth close to the flesh of the inside of the dog's jaw, and relaxing his hold, the snake at once seized the dog, and held it for half a second. The dog was afterwards placed upon its side, and the snake in a similar manner made to bite the opposite ear, the dog was then released and suffered to go freely round the arena. At this time the puppy exhibited uo symp toms of distress, and it was the general im pression that it had not been dangerously bitten. Two pigeons were then bitten by the snake on the breast and to the surprise of every one were almost instantaneously dead. Before the experiments witli the pigeons had terminated, attention had been drawn to the dog hist bitten, which was reeling about and exhibiting symptoms of being poisuued. It was at once placed upon the table where it lay motionless and insensible to some severe tests applied, in order tii keep up the circu lation ot the blood; and Underwood applied the nntedute, rubbing it into the wound of the jaw and ear with his band. This opera tion was observed with curiosity, and it was apparent that whatever the effect the symp toms had been stayed, lbr the animal after laying seemingly lifeless for some time sud denly rose up and sprang to the ground, when it .vomited lreelyand moved about briskly thou»h still appearing to be somewhat stu mhed. A • third. dog, larger tliau either of the preceding, was next bound in a similar manner-to the rest, and bittqu twice by the tiger snake in the jaw and on the ear. It was observable that there was a difference iu the lapse of time wheu the cftcct of the poison was perceptible-in each "case. The puppy bitten by the black snake half au hour before had just been laid upon the table in great distress, whilst the second dog exhibited symptoms of being poisoned a quarter of an hour after being bitten by the tiger snake, and the third dog the moment if was it * became stapifjed, ran round ni* pidly in circles, vomiting repeatedly and otherwise manifesting the strongest ap pearance of danger. Tho antidote applied to the second dog did not take the effect antici pated, for flic animal after recovering again relapsed and wag iu the agonies of death when it was laid upon the table alongside the puppy, which had a minute or two before given up the ghost. The last bitten dog was sintered to move about for some time, when Underwood, at the request of the committee made the tiger suako bite it again 011 the ear, and he immediately applied tlie antidote Before replacing the snake in the bag, Under wood endeavoured to make it life his arm He first seized it as it crawled along the* tab e by tho back with Ins. teeth, struck it with his hand, offered the iieshy part of his arm to its fangs, hut was tumble to make it attack him until lie held it by the back of ife montli"?"l l''-S ¥'clillgor into its mouth, when it seized upon it and inflicted a sharp wound, drawing blood freely. -Under \\\ ood applied the antidote immediately, and with the utmost nonchalance attended to his experiments., It had now become dusk; and the medicid gentlemeu of. the committee had withdrawn into Tattersall's hotel to arraugo prelimniai'ies for another series of exS do» alive 1 l'0/1 tho arena tl^ only .11 Lad,b?c" hid upon the table, anna tn i J'-u Ac bol'c ot' recovery, the an dotc having failed to check the jnogress of ,tT"°v- J"tlle committee-room the me fr ?L T" ""amnions "in approval nl the experiments testing the activity of j®,"® of fl'c snake during the hytjerna i 0 season, but sonje doubt rested uu their minds as to the cllicaey of the antidote, from thu failures just witnessed. Whilst they were debating this point, the dog they lnul m ¥ W-ls' to tllcil' surprise, brought into the room 111 a fair way of recovery, and fit .ri"Uttrelbl;uke »1> thoie was 1.0 cffSof il a"lmal 1!lvll« overcome tho s Itt.v n.F0?'illls ""expected re- . 1 limit \ > ¥ a"tl('otoi «"d it was I ; y an;>,'veil,tllal f"r"K'r experiments Mould he made 111 the Hospital, on Monday I altera^,, until which time tlied'gwasU. c-uvfiiliv*!? f i^ti ?ml ,Ls recovery b' a .U- m 'jf, «ll,l»irv 011 .Monday wil' Iv a pin ate one. There is 1,0 objection t. to toe public witnessing these experiment •nil 1 ii£ ?un"s"y|w "'o-stover-powerin any sytematic ciiiirse. iS s'.util \,°,ro;>"1 cfliib,iu'11 aln'"ai1 boa"-froi B 1 til America, to the lamia of which, i T 'T- M""u lli;culi'u' lowers wcivattri 'i t«-d, and expressed an opinio,, that the an •' n ItT llo?iUy bu laa,U' Priiwipall lioin it loo little attention was paid by tli =,„ m to his remarks, owing t¥ tho'lat n ion r I'"1" l-° K!vo a"l' f"rtl""- '"ful ' id "• but w' are prumisei details at tho meeting 011 Monday. 15'ink°< v!p,1,nUSfC'a50 of v. tlie Nations 11\. Corporation, winch has th public attention during tho past "week ter mitmtcd atten minutes to .'oven Uis'cvcn , 11 • Jury rct"rmng a verdict sub stautially 111 favor of the corporation. Wit] vm.p ¥1 action I suppose moato ) u rgtidera ata qlrfadj in . jcquabitcd, and there is not-much hazard n the supjiosition, since 1 have furnished you from day to day with a full report of * days in suc cession is rather too much/of a good thing.' The issue found for the plawt- ii3j.it will be observed, was given ou the assumption that : : the .oflice of general manager is in point of law an "office." The question will be argued More the Judges in Banco nest term, on which occasion, no doubt, the ■ subject will be learnedly discussed. I may here mention that great doubts are cuter taiued by the profession whether the verdict is consistent with reason or the law. Through out the trial there was hardly any display of the dangerous gift of eloquence, and hardly ..anything elicited that was new to the public except perhaps the plaintiff's account of his own conduct, from the time he found his friend and patron, but with the desire to . establish_the Institution up to the period of his dismissal by the Board. That accouut would lead one to suppose that throughout the entire affair lie acted the part of a • thoroughly upright gentleman, a consci entious and accomplished man. His selection to the office would appear to \- be dictated by his well known character and experience in banking busi • lies! He held out 110 baits to win the ap pointment but on the contrary sacrificed his own interests to those of the institution with ' which he became connected. His evidcuee . was given in a very calm and deliberate manner, aud his demeanour throughout was calculated to produce a favorable impression. Nevertheless, one could hardly get rid of the impression that from the very inception of " the bank, and during his connection with it, he displayed a surprising combination of • artifice and ingenuity. .You could uot fail in recognising his as the master nriud throughout "3lr Hughes, who is uuqiies ■ tionablya man of education, appears to be .. forty-years of age, and in early life was e_n naged as a clerk iu the Agricultural Baiik in Ireland, and subsequently distinguished . himself in winding up that unfortunate in stitution. With his proceedings since his " arrival in this colony—proceedings which have put so altered au aspect upou his con duct—the general public are, 1 apprehend, ' already sufficiently acquainted. As it was generally supposed that the action would be over to-day, the court was crowded from an early hour, aud amongst those present I . noticed the representatives of many of our mercantile firms. The judge, after compli menting the jurymen upon their punctuality ' in attending, dismissed them to their homes. The Court was then adjourned. His Honor withdrew, the lawyers picked up their "Bags," the reporter counted his slips, and in a few minutes there was only to be seen disconsolate plaintiff and his solicitor linger -iug behind in the Temple of Justice. 