GllICKEl'. MELBOURNE CLUB V. EIGHTEEN OF THE CHESS CLUB. Gloriously uncertain as the game of cricket i j, it needs but a small ghost to tell us on Saturday evening how the Press Club would fare when brought against such old cainpaignoM a) The M.C.C. Move. The match, concluded yesterday afterrnoon, terminated in favour of' Melbourne by 87) runs, For some time, therefore, it would, perhaps, be advisable for the Caxtonitjs to fly at game not quite so high. The lesson taught cannot, however, fail to be profitable ;., and we should strongly recommend that at least; once a week a good professional bowler who on gaged on the river ground, for it is no use dis- guising the fact that the majority of the eighteen who took bat in hand yesterday and Saturday do not know how to stop, much less pay, a well-pitched round-arm ball. " Unskilled labour," or which there is a superabundance in the Press Club, will not do at cricket, at least!) as the game is played on the Melbourne ground, Practice unremitting, and strict attention to good coaching, are absolutely necessary before anything like prebendary can be attained. Yesterday limekilns joined Gibbs at the wickets, who had scored 2 on Saturday, but only to retire before the conquering arm of Bruce. His companion followed suit almost instan- or, making his copy to the name bowler. Johnson pulled one vacancy and J. H. Thompson the other. The former played with great fortitude but with little imagination for some time, eventually arriving at a total of it. The latter, who was evidently out of form, missed several chances of making good hits, but retained for some time the perpendicular of his stumps. A couple of throes tion Bryant in the same over were the greatest signs of vitality displayed. With the exception of a little up to the legless cut of Thornton's reach, for which two were scored, the rest of his total of 15 were in single,, Johnson was at length, after several squeaks, bowled by Bruce, who also sent M'Hale to til J -rightabout the very first ball; an easy one to play, by retaining an upright bat-a thing indispensable if a man ever hopes to be a cn elector. W. Thompson was playing steadily and well until Bryant discovered a weak place. Holt seemed to consider Bruce a secure (Captain Scott, for he "came down at once, us did Hough. May's score of !) won gained by determined hitting, so too of lieavibide's 7, who carried his bat out. How frequently the virtues of the best men are discovered too late 1 Arnold totted up 4, when he was nearly caught in the field by Winy. The last man, Carter, did not trouble the scorers, Hamilton's substitute, Hammill, having waited upon him at short leg. With byes and wides, the innings amounted to 87, against 107 made by the Al. li, U. We must not omit to mention that, towards the close of tin innings, Hammersley, by a pretty catch at slip, made up for a trifling mistake committed earlier in the game. Bruce and Bryant each bowled very well, the latter, it seemed to us, the betty; 1 of the true, although he was not so destructive. Here pace will frequently highton embryo bats men. 1 i Appended is the full score and analyses of bowling : MHUJOUKMK. Hamilton, run out .. 7 Wray, T. F"., 1 b w, b J. li. Thompson .. 20 ? Bryant, of J. B. Thompson, b flour is ' Bruce, run out . 3 Jacomb, b W. Lilly. 11 Marshall U., o Giles, b Hough ,. .. 113 Huruuiurnliiy, run out 41 Thornton, is W. Lilly 0 droving, not out. 13 0\. IJaiiioioii, o Johnson 0 Dick, a Al'll.»i|i, b Johnson. 4 Byes, 16; wishes, to . 21. MUSIC CLUB. Unthank, c Bryant, u Bruce 1 Dnudlng, b by nut. 6 Kidson, bUrjtuit. 21 Gibbs, U Bruce 3 Lilly, b Bryant 0 Churchman, b Cameron. 0 Blackburn, b Bruce. 6 Johnson, 2 Bruce. 2 J. H. Thompson, b BI) and. IS _I'IIur|r, b Bruce 0 V. T1iuui|imju, It Bryant. 7 Tiny, b Unuoruu 0 Holt, b lines. 0 Wise, e Haiuui-roloy, b Bruce 1 Hough, b Bruce 0 Arnold, c Gray, b Bruce. 1 llenvlMdii, not. out. 7 Caller, u Hamilton, b Cameron .... 0 lines, 3; leg-byes, 4; wides, 4; no ball, 10 8? Analyses of the Bowling In the Press Club's innings Bryant, bowled 116 balls, 11 maidens, 21 runs, and 6 wickets ; fraud has led 102 balls, t wides, 4 no ball, 2 maidens, '22 runs, 9 wickets ; Hammersley bowled 44 balls, 5 maidens, TO ruin j ' And C. Cameron, 21 bulls, 3 time-, 3 wickets, in the Melbourne innings-Chuiebiuau bowled 54 balls, 1 wide, '2 maidens, 5.) runs, no wicket ; M'Haig, 102 balls, 1 maiden, 1 wide, 43 runs, 4 wickets; W. billy Uuwled 'JJ balls, 3 maidens, it I runs, 2 wickets; J. H. Thompson bowled 24 balls, 34 ruin, 1 wicket J though bowled 48 balls, 2 maidens, 1 wides, 2d and, 1 wicket; Johnson bowled li bills-, 1 maiden, 2 wickets. i Thus Muuoisit at Caiuuilxi/s Creek, 'J'hico Claiborne now in custody for the murder of life Lies, whose hand death we recorded a ) few days ago. They are all i relations of deceased, Their names are Ah Green, who was brother to the murdered man and Can Heng and Chung "You, his cuUbiuH. Suspicion attaches to third parties as having been in the Um where the deceased was his house alive; but a is verydoub.fjl whether the-. luyniiTious affair will ok cleared up. \- Xltmnl Akj.utiUcr Mine. 