LITE RATUKE. JAP AX. Japan and Her People. By Andiiew Stein metz. London : ' Routledge, Warnes, and lioutledge. ( From, the Critic.) Few of the novelist's stock properties have done him more service than the mysterious room into which no one has been within living memory. Its beams creak, its arrases wave, from the first chapter to the last. Denizen and visitor gaze long at the barred door, with fear ful fascination and creeping dread ; longing, yet fearing to pry into the secrets it withholds. Heroines steal into the long gallery at night, and sit watching it in a streak of moonshine. At last, the time is at hand, the hour has struck, the Rubicon is to be crossed. The destined adventurers steal fearfully up the stairs and through the passages- -they stand a moment at irresolute gaze — a stroke, the door falls with a crash and a volume of dust, aud the heroine faints in a cloud of moths before the scroll black- with the villiany of uncles or the skeleton of her grandmother elegantly done up in gold brocade. Yet, with Thomas Diafoirus, distinguamus / The haunted chamber is the forsaken and un trodden, but not every forsaken and untrodden room is therefore haunted. There are chambers into which nobody goes because nobody dares ; and others again, because nobody cares. The damp fungused cellar, the bare chilly attic, are exempt from ' legends enormous, grey events and dire the haunted apartment must be grand and stately, fit for the habitation of man could but the ghosts be served with a writ of ejectment. So, in this great castle of our earth are many chambers which we are quite contented to leave to themselves, unblest by the presence that scares the tiger and the snake. But, to pursue the metaphor, there is one gorgeous room lying under the ban of soli tude and exclusion of which we hardly know more than if it lay where Saturn's luminous shade Sleeps on his steadfa-t ring, from which the ghosts of old hatred, incurable jealousy, and awed superstition have hitherto waved us away. But the hour has arrived when the charm must break and the ' dead secret' be revealed. We shall live to hear of British bagmen perambulating Nagasaki, and British aldermen observed in a state of exhaustion upon the mountains of Saglialien. The accounts supplied by the first explorers of this mysterious country are interest ing and encouraging in the highest de gree. Still We better appreciate their merit and interest when undilated into folios like Perry's or Siebold's, or unsprinlded in no body knows exactly what numbers of nobody knows exactly what magazines. The rays wanted a focus, the faggots a withe, the particu lars a Steinmetz. Now they are amassed and ordered in a single book as they ought to be. Mr Steinmetz is lucid and methodical, nor does he hesitate to quote verbatim from his authori ties, and indicate the same by appropriate re marks. We do not precisely know what he means on his first page by ' the lusty eyes of - the Western world,' but conclude that it is a ? Japanese metaphor. We are, therefore, thank ful to make over-leaf the acquaintance of some body who can write like a Christian — a contri butor to the Quarterly Review, who said in 1834 — ' We think it much more likely that the sole remaining link between Europe and Japan — the Dutch cGii..ucii.m — should be soverud by violence or obliterated by disuse, than that either force or persuasion should devise a new one between this country, or any of its dependencies and that empire, that New Hoi- j land, Borneo, or Central Africa have a fairer chance of being diplomatised or dragooned into hospitality or submission towards us, within any period to which' the speculatiou of mortal man can reasonably [extend.' So much for vatici nation ! Here is a specimen of Japanese fiction The inv--uiioQ of this (obis is connected with a myth of Jjpan. It is Baid to have been invented by tbe astrologer Stimei, a mau of preat quality, and very eminent ia hi* art. King Abino Tassima was his father, and a fps was hi* mother, to whom Abino Tas^ma was married on th? following occa sion : — He ouce happened with a servant of his to be in the temple of Iuari, who is tbe god and pro tector of the foxes. Meanwhile some courtiers were hunting the fox without doors, iu order | to make use of the hmgs for the preparation of a cer .tain medicineo It happened upon this that a young fox, pursued by the hunters, fled into tha temple, which stood open, and took shelter in the very bosom of Tassima. The king, unwilling to deliver up the psor creature to the unmercitul hunters, was forced to defend himself aod the fox, and to repel force by force, wherein he behaved himself with so mnch bravjry and success that, having defeated the hunters, he set the fox at liberty. The hunters ashamed and highly offended at the courageous behaviour of the king, seized, in the height of their resentment, an op portunity which offered to till his royal father. Tassima mustered up all bis courage and prudence to revenge his father's death, and with so much success, that be killed the traitors with his own hands. The fox, to return biB gratitude, appeared to him after the victory which he obtained over the murderers ot his tather, iu the shape of a lady of incomparable beauty, and eo fired his breast with love, that he took her to be his wife. It was by her hs had this son, who was endowed with divine wisdom, and the precious gift cf progcosticatiug and foretelling things to come. Nor did he know bis wife had been that very fox whose life he saved with so much courage in the temple of Iuari. til', soon after, her tail and o'-her part-i beginning t Jgro.v, sierejumed by degrees her former shape. And here is a more interesting fact : — In the 'United Statis Expedition,' or its abridgement by Mr T.-mes, will be found a very interesting narra ive of an attempt to etcape by two , Japanese suii ents of the higher l an'is, in order to visit 'the five great continents ' in pur suit of knowledge. They contrived to get on board the Amer can chip — were %of course refused admiasion without thi consent of their Govern ment — and, on returning to the shore they were caught aud ' caged,'' bat it seems finally pardoned, as was intimated to the commodore. They wrote a preliminary letter to the Americans, which is very interesting aud signifloaut. ?' The two scholars from Jeddo, in Japan, present this letter for the inspection of 1 the high officers and those who man age affairs.' Our attainments are few and trifling, a3 we ourselves are sma'l and unimportant, fo that we atenbishedin ccming before you. We are neither skilled in the use of arms, nor are we able to discourse upon the rules of strategy and mili tary discipline ; in trifling pui suits aud idle pas times our years aud months have slipped away. We have, however, read in baoks, and learned a little by hearsay, what are the customs aad educa tion in Europe aad Americi, and we have baea (or maoy years desirous of going over the ' five great continents,' but the laws of our ccuutry in all maritime points are very strict ; for foreigners to come into tbe country, and tor natives to go abroad, are both immutably forbidden. Our wish to visit other regions his consequ3ntly only ' gone to and fro in our breasts in continual agitation,' like one's breathing being impeded or his walking cramped. Happily, the arrival of eo miny ships ia these water.', a.^d s ay for so many days, which has given us opportu j tty to make a pleasing ac quaintance and careful examination, so that we are fully as.-ured of thu kindness snl liberal. ty of your excellencie?. and your regard for others, has a so revived the thoughts of miny years, and they are urs?ent for an exit. This, then, is tbe lime io carry th5 plan into execution, and we now secretly Ecnd you this priva'e request, 'hat yon will takj us oit boaid jour ships a3 they go out to rea ; we san thus visit around the five great consinea!?, even if wa do, iu ;his, slig-'it the prohibiiio :a ut □ jr owu country. Le;t those who have ti-? j . inanngement of «;fi:rs aay feel somi chagrin v.' j ' this, in order 'o e3=ct our desire, we are willing to : serve ia a--y way we can on board of the ship-1, aud \ jbey ths orders given us. For doabtleis it is, that - when a lame man sees others walking, he wishes - to walk too ; but how shall the pedestrian gratify . bis desires when he sees another riding ? We have ( all our lives been going hence to you, unable to j get more than thirty degrees east and west, and twenty degrees north and south [the geographical extent of the empire] ; but now, when we eee how you sail on tbe tempests and cleave the huge bil Iowp, gf ing lightning-speed thousand-* and my riads of mile?, skirting along the five great continents, can it not be likened to the lame Coding a plan of walking, and the pedestrian see ing a mode by which he can ride? If you who manage affairs will give our request your consi deration, we will retain the sense of the favor ; but the prohibitions of our country are PtiU ex istent, and if this matter should become known, we should uselessly see ourselves pursued arid brought back for immediate execution without fail, and such a result would greatly grieve the deep hu manity and kindness you oil bear towards others. If you are willing to accede to this request. ? keep wrapped in Eilence our error in making it* until you are about (o leave, in order to avoid all rifk of such serious danger to life ; for when, by and by, we come back, our countrymen will never think it worth while to investigate bygone doings. Although our words have only loosely let our thoughts leak ont, yet truly they are sincere, and if your excellencies are pleased to regard them kindly, do not doubt them nor oppose our wishes. We together pay our respects in banding this in. April 11.' — In this disposition of the people of Japan, what a field of speculation, and, it may be added, what a prospect full of hope, open for the future of that interesting country, if we do not abuse the providence! The poor fellows seemed to bear their misfcrtunes with great equanimity, nnd were greatly pleased, apparently, with the visit of the American officers. On one of the visitors ap proaching the cage in which they were confined, the Japanese wrote on a piece of board that was banded to them the following sentiments, which, as a remarkable specimen of philosophical resig nation under circumstances that would have tried the stoicism of Cato, deserve a record : '? When a hero fails in his purpose, his acls are then regar ded ub those of a villain and a robber. In public hare we been seized and pinioned and caged for many days. The village eldets and head men treat na disdainfully, their oppressions being griev ous indeed. Therefore, looking up while yet we have nothing wherewith to reproach ourselves, it must now be seen whether a hero will prove himself to be one indeed. Regarding the liberty of going through the sixty states as not enough for our desires, we wished to make the circuit of the five great continents. This was our hearts' wish a long time. Suddenly ourjplana are defeat ed, and we find ourselves iu a half sized house, where eating, resting, sitting, and sleeping are difficult ; how can we find our exit from this place? Weeping, we seem as tools ; laughing, as rogues. Alas! for us, silent we can only be. (Signed) Isaoi Kooda, Kwaxsuchi Manji.'' Mr Steinmetz's style and taste might easily be amended, but his book is a most valuable col lection of e\ erything known touching the whim sical inhabitants of the Japanese Archipelago. 