Journals Income moro necessary as men become more «-l'ial anil IndividusliHUi more to be feared. It would be to underrate thoir importance to ruppose ilmt tli-y Borve only to secure liberty . they main tain civilization. De ToCQU EVILLP. Anno Domini 1859. With mid-ni^ht of this £)lst December will pass away tlio ghost of 1859, while its recollections will bu nssociuted in historic pa^e — tiie beneficial actions performed within its carter, its joys, its crimes, its sorrows, and its effcc's. Mid night will ring out its knell without compunction, and the New Year will ho hailed ns ' tho ndveiit of happiness and fuller blessings. What amount of roiliz ilion is to Lo expected — why this ' iminiiuiJiial ciisto m associates such pleasing features to thu annual change of January for December — would bd a reflection of deep interest and moral de liberation, it taken up ns a matter of meditation mid enunciation of thought. Tcmpus omnia reve/at. We aro not anxious to pry into the obscurity and mysteries of the Futuru ; but wo live in hope of making the best use of tho days allotted to ua, and Jdok forivard in bright anticipation of the felicitous favour and benign influenco of a Providence that \- ' Bhitp '9 our ends, rough-hew them as we may.' Living in peaceful fraternity with human kind, we should thank God for our condition, and endeavour to keep the preoepts of charity intact and pure. Reviewing tho course of events during the expir ing year. and the part we have taken in their de velopment and regeneration, we cannot feign any great regret for our actions of commission. Many things haveoccurred to our notice, and have incurred ' dttr censure, which wo would rather have glossed over' and troatcil lightly, if our conscientious duty had not compelled us to ' nothing extenuate, nor set down aught in malice.' AVe bound ourselves to the solemn compact of speaking tho truth and advocating right in bold, forciblo, independent,' clear, and umnistakeable language — and wo have fulfilled our promises ; we have discharged the func tions required of us ns iaithful, honest, upright ' itytvards. In pursuing our aims for tho public weal, we have, in some instances, oflended tho bias and the 'predelictions of some of our friends : we cannot help it, and a clear examination of our reasoning and 'iiiir arguments will sufficiently justify our conduct in tho minds of honourable men. Undeterred by personal influence or bribery — untrammelled by the ens'irship of any section of tho community — bowing tn none, hut caring for all, as a free and intelligent people, wo have steered our pen through oceans of troubled ink, guided by the genuine magnet of rijjht and justice, — and still labour for tlio haven of principle and honour, as champions of Our liberties, our laws, and our rights. Events of momentous interest have called forth 'our attention, in 1859, and we never failed to ofler a verdict in accordance with our innate convic tions, as f.ir as the evidence adduced gave warrautry. For this honesty of purpose, we have boen fre quently blamed by those dissenting Irom our views ; nevertheless, although open to conviction, we are not to be led astray, nor seduced by flattery, 'nor by the Bpecious casuistry of designing men who Htudy their own individual or party interests. Wb maintain our probity unsullied, and the trust nnd confidence reposed in us we have not abused. We obey not, nor humble ourselves to cleric des potism nor laio bigotry. We try to be fair, im partial, just, and equitable —yet, by privilego and hereditary claim aa journalists, liberally critical — in all our dealings with men and measures. 'Political opinions of a broad, open, and liberal 'tendency, have ever had our staunch, unflinching advocacy: we have combatted fearlessly tbe views and leanings ofouropponents, and we submit with readiness to the investigation of ottr own ideas, persuasions, notions, and particularities. We are not among the ' rigid righteous' — nor do we wish to be; we admire the free canvass of public search and analyzation. . Our faults we are willing tcl confess, and to express our sincere and contrite sorrow for them ; and it will bo our purpose, our wish-, and firm endeavour to amend in all particulars in which we have been found deficient or radically wrong. We have to tender tho expression of our heart felt gratitude to those friends and subscribers who have given 11s the opportunity of recording our opinions freely, and who have nobly upheld the honour of the Liberal cause. It will be our Continued aim to pursue a straightforward and. unfettered career throughout the year 18G0. We claim the suffrages of the lovers and admirers of Liberal opinions, and we shall rentier them a service equal to our strength in return in showing the Northern Times as the true organ and exponent of enlarged political stahi.i, and freedom of ex pression, nnd liberal principles. — ' Beueficinm paro amicus, et gratia pario gratia.' We cordially wish our patrons and supporters 'A Happy New- Ycur, and many joyous returns of the same I' It is an acknowledged principle that tho Execu tive Government is responsible to the representa tive Parliament, but that its direct course of action is free. Whenever its measures are disapproved of by specific and significant majorities in the House, the confidence of the country in its ad ministrative sigacity is understood to be with drawn. Under the Forster Ministry we hnve expe rienced a contrary state ol tilings practised. The suggestions and initiatory schemes of the most important sections of the Assembly have been taken up and adopted by the Executive. By this means, members have been personally conciliated, and the legitimate functions of the Ministry have been ignored ; and the course of Government has so been an uniform subserviency to the conglome rated tactics of the members of llie Assembly. On every occasion the Ministry have, by taking up the peculiar veins of argument,, and submitting to the propounded views of members — modifying them with some tact, and holding out spccjoiis promises — gained a triumphant vote in their favor. A Ministry carrying out such a policy could mailer tain office for an indefinite period : but it is mi. unconstitutional procedure. The Executive is , nursed and trained under the guidance of persons usurping iti proper duties— it is the overgrown boy dwelling indolently within the paternal roof; and following his tutor's advice, regardless of tbe better judgment of his manhood, and enervating his physical health against the independent luiurc and noble'r freedom of man's estate. Yet, from the conduct of members, it could be reasonably argued that such a practice was palatable. It ill a singular way reconciles all differences, and individual members fiiid them selves flattered by the incorporation of their ideas, and a notice of their suggestions received, in the government of- the country. The divisions and the debates' of the Assembly show the evil distinctly. We find men of all shades of politics acting together and voting together mldcV this arrangement, and the wishes of each seem to lie consulted. This may last, pending the introduction of vital and momentous questions — and, we fear, even then, a desire to be toadied and personally deferred to, may induce members to overlook many faults and wink at incapacity. The House most pertinaciously called, in the name of the country, for the development of a Land Bill. Mr Forster coqucttcd — beat ubout the bush — vacillated — and, at length said the bill would be forthcoming : but he could not promise ! Time, he sought ; it was granted, in hope. We must confess that 'hope deferred maketh the heart grow sick,' and we have no guarantee that such will not be the case in this instance: it is quite probable. Sir Forster is not bound, on the reassembling of Parliament, to bring up a Land Bill — he made no stipulation to that effect. He magnanimously said it should have lull con sideration, and lie would introduce it as early as possible. With this vague, speculative, indistinct, and slippery answer, the Assembly was satisfied. Considering the specimen of itlinistcrial prompti tude and ability alrcad j shadowed forth, we fancied the joke was rather too much of a good thing to he relished ; but, nevertheless, the obttiseuess or the inertness of the members let it pass as worthy of appreciation. It was a nice piece of jugglery! Mr Forster, however, eiumcialed one palatable truth and sentiment — lie would not receive, ostensibly, the .suggestions of other individual members, nor allow other private incipient mea sures or recorded views to interfere with bis pro posed Land Dill — it was the duty of the Govern ment, he said, to take up the laud policy, and to their bill alone must the country look for relief or reform in that. particular. No one, perhaps, dis puted the principle; but when was it to be rea lized, carried out, or substantiated '{ Mas the I1011. Ptciiiicr, in reality, any definite notions on tho Land question ? Mr Black, who ought to know something, has cleverly enacted the ' laceo sum sepec tutus'' part in reference to the subject. Not all the appeals of his Land League connec tions, nor all the prayers to his patriotism and integrity, could nifHe his Bmleigh- wise import ance, or extract his political and Ministerial tactics in this respect. Burleigh refuses to nod an idea ; but favors the House with a bouquet ol the. flowers of oratory — with which it ought to rest satisfied, scenting the odour, in earnest of the ripening pod which is to disclose a Laud Bill ! Mr Samuel rests content on the cushions of State — learning arithmetic and studying political economy — and, indeed, to be clear and able, he needs do so. As a Treasurer, his financial statement was an extraor dinary and lamentable eflort. As to his part in the construction of the Laud Bill, it will be any thing but serious — ex ni/iilo nihil Jit. But, con templating'the members of the present Executive, we expect the Laud Bill will be an olta podrhla of strange impotence — and, when inchoate, be instantly shelved for evermore ! We wonder they liave the hardihood to attempt it : 011 second thoughts, we don't. All their government has been 11 bungle, and why not make a culminating iness of the Land Bill — such as to give Mr Plunkett the ear- ache, and i\Ir I'arkes the opthalmia. Nevertheless, we thank Mr Forster for main taining tho principle of Ministerial right, in ini tiating a Land policy, ns a wholes Jine provision, not to be lightly infringed by every 'puny whipster'' who sighs for popularity. We fear the Land question — now that wo have lost the thread of our originnl argument, wo may as well refer to it — will be n stumbling-hlock in legislature for a length of lime. It is a dillicult topic, unquestionably. To settle it, wc must allow all classes of the c.ommunity to feel an interest in its development, to receive an equal share in its benefit. The ' aristocracy' must bo studied — tho people generally mu6t be cared for — tlio ' mob' must not be pandered to; Tho state of society at present regnant and growing up must be changed to some considerable extent to work efficaciously and harmoniously. In lieu of the admirable in stitutions of our fatherland, cemented and organized by the experience and wisdom of ages and suoces Bions of master-minds, we have to frame a general Government 011 a sound and equitable basis, em bracing tho wide range of class and opinion pre vailing in Australia. This is no ensy task. At presont, we regret to say, thero exists too much faticy for appeals — we had nearly descended to the vulgarism of ' blinds' — to tho country, and wastes of time, purpose, and eflect ; resulting in the ad mission of ignorance and experience into the Legis lature. It were to bo commended that honorable members would study their abilities before rushing to a seat : endeavour to ascertain their right there, legitimately, and whether they understand and can perform the duties required of them. Many do not. Then let the task revert to abler hands, capable of dealing with tho great qnestion of forming a good, substantial, fair, and just constitution, suited to the rising position of a new colony. Ita imperium semper nd optimum quenujue, ab minus b'ino tronsfertur.— S-Ai. Oua most thoughtful colonists are looking forward to the news which will be brought by the next English mail with no ordinary amount of anxiety. An eminent philosopher has said that ' nature never gravitates to naught.' Before very great and alarming events, men's hearts have often — from some undefined apprehension of danger — been failing thein for fear. It appears that the mind of every person at all capable of forming a judgment upon the subject, has come to the con clusion that we are on the eve of very stirring, if not very alarming, occurrences — occurences such as the world has never seen. Within the last fifty years the human race has made more rapid strides | than during any quarter of a dozen centuries previously, and what thu next filly, or even the next twenty or ten years may produce, is known only to Mim who sees the end from llie beginning. But that there will be war between England and France, either very shortly, or at a distance ol time not very remote, seems to be so ncnerally entertained, that we are almost tempted to look upon it ns one of those prognostication^ of nature which demand universal belief. And we find that, this belief is entertained by nine-tenths of the French people. The Saturday Review, of October 8th, says that ' Frenchmen of all ranks nnd callings speak of an expedition against Eng land as a thing as certain to come us the winter to follow the autumn. '' It is evident, if we are to rely on the statements in the Saturday Review, in the article on ' The war feeling in .France,' that the French nation, as a body, contemplate a war with England as a matter of course, but ' tlio army looks upon an expedition against Eng land as a pleasure solemnly promised them.' Whether the Emperor Napoleon intends anything ol the sort is not so certain. Some of our fellow-colonists, perhaps, may say, ' What have we do with England or France t If they fall out let them go to war, but let us' mind our own business.' Now, if there, be any of our neighbours so foolish, so selfish, so un patriotic, surely we have.no sympathy with them. We believe that an overwhelming majority of our fellow-colonists have loyal hearts towards the British Queen, and regard tbe land of their fathers' sepulchres with veneration and benevolence. As to ourselves, we would suy with the poet — May dishonor blight oiii innni, And quench our lim^ehold (ire», When we, or uurs, Ibr^et thy ujitno — Green Island ufour sire;. But what is of vital importance to us Australians, is how a war between Englanfiand France would afl'ect this country. In the S-st place, if these two. ruling powers go to war^the strife will not be coniincd lo them llow l'ar.5| would reach, and what peoples and nations would lie involved in it, must be left for time to develop ; but one thing is most certain, that wc shall not be safe if an Eu ropean war commences. Therefore, it behoves 11s to use what means we have for our own pro tection. We are not alarmists, but we most firmly believe that the signs of the times are serious and alarming. But what is to be done? France has five hundred thousand armed men lit lor the field. That is, this lation lias a greater number of well-trained soldiers than tbe male population of all the Australian colonics put together — children, infants, *nd all. We do not, of course, suppose, that she, in case of war, is going to send her entire army to the .South Seas. But if she sent one twentieth part of her armed force here, where should we be ? She would assuredly be able to di.-tate her own terms. Twenty-live thousand inen, well-disciplined sol diers — being one-twentieth of her army — would soon startle any one of our Australian colonies out of her propriety. But let us suppose she should send one out of every liftv of her army, we should then have ten thousand disciplined sol diers to face. And where have we one thousand to meet them ? We know these figures may be distasteful to some of our easy-going people ; but the question is, are lliey the true representa tives of tbe state of matters? If ?o, let us look the facts straight in the face. ' The wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way.'' But the question returns ' What is to be done?1' We are inclined io believe that the best thing, or perhaps tho only thing possible, iu our case, is to raiso a local militia every where. We know the money-loving, monev- tretiing people ol New South Wales will reply — ' Wo have 110 time for learning the use of anna, and the ait of wsr, even if we had an inclination for these things, which wo have not.' Dear Sirs, do you think you could make time for the. French, the Russians, lo blow your bouses down about your ears, and perhaps your heads ofl'into the bargain ? Do you think, gentle men, you could make time to collect all your money and hand it over at the demand of the enemy '! Or could you find time to surrendar yourselves the vassals ol some despot. Let not our readers suppose that wo arc advoca ting the cause of war, 110 — we loath, wo detest it, and wish all the world would join the Peace Society to-morrow. Dut it, is no use for one nation to dis claim the use of arms, while another is determined to resort to them. We should be very glad to see tbe time arrive when the nations shall learn war no more. But while other nations learn it, we must, unless we are prepared to becomo slaves. Though we have written in this strain, we have no doubt of the ultimate issue of an European war, should one be commenced. The molto which we placed at tho head of this article, we believe states an universal truth, which has been confirmed by every nation under heaven, and by every conquest that has taken place since the days of Nimrod. Still it behoves men to use the means. Providence always helps those who help themselves — ' Vita dat nihil mortalibus sine duro labore.' It is really a distressing circumstance to lie called upon in this latter half of the nineteenth Christian century to urge our brother colonials to loave their ledgers, ilieir counting-houses, their workshops, and their fields, to go out and learn how best to kill their follow-creaturcs. But we conceive the alternative is do this or becomo beggared ; do it or become vassals of some foreign power. Surely a few hours might be set apart every week for such a purpose without much injury either to trade or commerce. We may depend upon it that the beBt way to keep a foreign foe from our shores, is to let him know that wo are prepared to give him a warm reception. But as matters stand now, we should be comparatively helpless in tho hand of any enemy who shall think proper to visit us. Our alliance with England is our only protection at present. We are aware that to molest us would be^ to declaro war with England ; but this state of things would cease the moment England is involved in the strife. Our Home Government may have enough to do in the northern hemisphere, without being able to extend to us tbe band of assistance. Wo may be safe enough as long as tho mother country keops out of the broil ; but when she can no longer do this — Where may wo be? Mr. Parkes's motion for raising a local militia has been favourably received by our rulers — why not, therefore, set apart a few hours every week, say every Wednesday or Thursday, for drilling our young men especially, in the art of warfare. Let this bo done generally, so that there may be a kind of general holiday during these few hours, nnd tbe loss to trade nnd industry in general would bo but trifling. We sincerely hope, and earnestly pray, that our Australian youth will never bo called to defend their beloved country at tho risk of their lives; but the cloud seems to bo gathering, and it may break upon us. May the Lord of Saliaotli lie pleased to disperso llie cloud and remove our fears ! 