MINISTERIAL EPITAPHS. As the Cabinet Béeras on the point of giving np tho ghost-the only thing, apparently, it has any difficulty about Riving up,-Mr. Punch, in his usual oharaoter of. Cook Hobin, bega leave to strew a few loaves over the body of,the dear departed. . They may grumble at him for not waiting till they, are ? dead. But we would say to them (as the Atrioan captain said to the moribund.sailor, whom he had ordored to be : thrown overboard, and who observod deprecatingly that " the oaptoin might wait till a fellow was dead.") "You needn't be sq nasty partio'lar to a few minutes." So without further apology, Mr, Punch begs to submit bis-.. '. 1.. For the Tomb of the Cabinet in General. " I waa,Conservativa: I would be Liberal : and here I lie." _-, , ? ... -, 9\. For the Tombstone of LOUD DERBY (oriabràïs'pïatèf." Stay, traveller I Beneath tbis plato Still sleeps the BurunT of Debate ; : Like that hot prinoa he wildly warred. And ne'er fought battle but he marred. Like him too (as Art-Hist'ries print), :. He found an Art of Mezzo-tint, A something of the middle-kind, . Tory and Badioal combined ; Bash as the first, blind as the second, . . In strong effect**, bold oontrasts feound ; Ingredients so mixed have seldom Failed to blow up the things that held'em : So fared it n iw : their mutual fret Blew up the Derby Cabinet, And ornshed by an untimely blow, The gallant ohief who sleeps below. May peace be his : and lightly rest ' .The Turf ha loved upon his breast. 3\. For the Tombstone of the Right Honourable B. DISRAELI. Beneath this stone « Son of ISHMAEL lies. All hands against bim, and bis hand 'gainst all ; At the pen'a point, up from low destinies, ' He fought his way, not recking cheek or fall. All creeds political by turns he held ; ? Knocked at all doors that to preferment lead ; _ Eat bia own heart-his. pride and temper quelled, And filed and fowaod his tongue, to stab at need. : Thi mnmant carno : a traitor in tho ranks : ' The dumb buoolioals required a tvugua . - ......... Ho offered bis : proved it : and earn'd their thank«, "' , The gladlier paid, the more he stabbed and stung. By many arts he raised himself to power ; The world by turns abashed, alarmed, amused ; ? Till the bucolicalB, late waxing sour, «Flung in the dust the dagger they had usod. The father of Young England lies below ; ' * Old England in tho riddanoe joys indeed ; Of all Cauoasian myst'ries worst to know ; A Sphynx, whom his own Sibyl oould not read. 4, On Loira JOUN MANNER*. That " Manners make the Man"..we know. Will Punch be blamed as sinister. For saying, bere lies one who proved MAKKBBS won't make the Minister. 6\. On MB. WALPOLE (sleeping, not. on the Treasury . Bench). Weep not for me, DISRAELI dear : I am not gone, but sleeping near. If I am out, you soon will bo ; Your pension earn, than follow mp. . 0. On Mn. HENLEY. Here, like Love among tho roses. HENLEY tho exact reposes. He loved orotohots : be loved quibbles : Quillets, quiddets, prabbles, ptibbles. In Amendments great of skill : 1 Io Objeo.iona greator still : Into six he'd split a bair : And each sixth in sixths would share : 'He was rusty, ho was restive, ' Eminently unsuggostivo ; Let who would supply reflection. Still 'twas his to find objeotion : As one of his party's tools, At the Board of Trade be rules, Whioh-since this appointment made, Should be spelt " The Bored of Trade." Till, when qualms of conscience pleaded, He, with WALPOLE'S aid, seceded . And magnanimous gave o'er His offloe-seat to DoNor/anjioitE. ., DONOUGHMORE-who, all oonfess, Cannot possibly do less ' For his thousands by tbs year, Than the worthy who lies here. . \ 