THE BENDIGO ADVHJitTISEIi (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. THE GHOST OF AN OLD SLANDER. IT is curious that at the very time when we have the disagreeable duty to perform of noticing an other of the blunders in mining legislation of the Solicitor-General, Air. Denovan should rccal our attention to events some nine mouths old, on the occasion of the first blunder made by that remarkable mining legislator in providing leases for the goldfields. This gentleman and a few compatriots in the public cause have been getting up a small excitement on the subject of the Mining Leases in the quiet locality of Golden Gully, aud have been talking at considerable length on the subject. "We have no hesitation in saying that the meeting was very ill. timed, being a day after the fair as regards the former development of Mr. Ireland's leasing policy, and a day too soon as regards his latest exhibition. However, let that pass. We are glad to see a proper interest mauifested'in such subjects at any time. Mr. Denovan, in a speech in which, we beg to tell him, the chaff is out of all proportion to the grains .of wheat, made' the following remarks: "At the time the Solicitor-General visited Bendigo, I was one of those who gave him my hearty support, as I then, and do now, labor under the impression that much of the opposi tion which was got up against his ' suggestions' was not in reality against them, but against the Government. Being a friend of the Government, aud having no sympathy whatever with the un generous opposition with which they were then assailed, I wished to see hiin get a hearty welcome. I knew that his proposed regulations were not law, aud that he had come amongst us in part to know what our wants in this respect were." Now, we had 110 wish to revert to by-gone subjects, and if others would leave them alone, we would. But we'are not likely to remain silent when this late- in-the-day opponent to Mr. Ireland's senseless mining legislation rakes up the ashes of past slanders to produce another spark of that mingled malice aud stupidity which last year sought to stifle an- honest opposition to Mr. Ireland's blundering mining legislation by the imputation of political intriguing. We thought Mr. Denovan had seen through that artifice by this time, and that he had long ago become ashamed of the part he took in allowiug ! himself to be the pander to the purposes of others. But this is another exemplification of the proverb that the dog returns to his vomit, aud the sow to her wallowing in the mire. We had" really thought that by this time there was no person possessed of the commonest modi cum of sense who continued to believe that the just opposition got up against the proposed Leasing Regulations of Mr. Ireland was prompted by opposition to the Government. We now learn that Mr. Denovan retains this opinion, with the utmost surprise, though we confess that it is no common effort for a man to admit that he lias been duped. Besides we observe in his remarks an undercurrent of explanation of his position which might well claim explanation, how he who professed so much interest in the cause of the miuers, and at this meeting came forward late in the day to raise his voice against the blundering efforts of the Solicitor-General, had neglected on a certain memorable occasion to staud forward and denounce a policy that would.be ruinous to the miners. But could he not have made an explanation without reiterating the slander of that period1? His assertion that the opposition in question was got up as opposition to the Ministry was an insult to all concerned, and was an insult to two of the gentlemen who took a part in this very meeting at Golden .Gully. As to the opposition against the Government there was none at that time on Bendigo to speak of, whatever there is now. On the contrary there was au insane and undiscriiniuating partiality, which enabled men to trade on the cry that any opposition to the Regulations of Mr. Ireland was concerted opposition to the Government. As if this was the way to meet arguments against bad regulations! It was the way to rivet the chains of ignorance and tyranny, but was unworthy of men who claim to conduct their public move ments in an open aud manly way. Had Mr. Denovan" been wise he would have refrained from alluding to a matter which calls up reminis cences not very flattering to himself. About the least dignified position ever we saw hiin occupy I was at that meeting of Mr. Ireland's when he allowed himself to be made the catBpaw of a parcel of political intriguers aud placehunters, in whose case the grapes have long since become wur. 