SAINT BARNABAS CHURCH, P ARR AM ATT A . ; STREET. : Special services were held in this Church on Sund; laBt May 22nd» The Rev. G. H. Moreton officiated Í the-morning, and preached a very impressive and afTcc ing sermon to a large congregation, from tho 2 Corit thians 5 ch. 17 verse. " If any man be in Christ, he a new creature." Tho rev. gentleman dwelt foreibl upon tho depravity of human nature, and the necessity i a toto'renewal of tho heart by the Holy Ghost. Til utter incompetency of man to save himself, and the oj , ceoding love of God expressed in the"dcath of Chris 'The evidences of tho new,birth-tho chango-tho life c ' the christian and the necessity oía constant reliance upo Christ and giving np. of tho world-were' each in tur brought clearly before the audience. At the close of th sermon a collection was made in aid of the building funt amounting to £4 17s. Gd. It!was generally understood' that in tho evening,, .th Rev. Thomas Smith, the esteemed and beloved Pastor i this Church, would preach his farewell sermon previot to the departure for England to recruit his health. Lon before the time of divine service, large numbers < ficrsons bad assembled in the vicinity of the Church, an mmediately upon the doors being opened every availabl seat in the Church was occupied, the aisles were quickl filled with forms, and no, sooner placed, in the Churo than they were taken possession of; great numbers etoo during thc service. ' The Church presented the appear ance of n compact mass of human beings, there could nc have been less, than a thousand persons present, an hundreds- went away unable' to gain admittance; Th Church is a very commodious ono, well lighted, .wei ventilated-,-the seats are free, and tho arrangement reflect, great, credit inpon all those - persons concerned ii its erection. .It .-may be interesting to;our readers,.ti mention a few circumstances connected. with this goa ,'work. '. ' ? ' ' . i - j We believe (if we aro rightly informed) that about fiv years ago, Mr. Smith'was engaged in mercantile pursuit ?in England, that under the preaching of the gospel by i 'Missionary in thc Church of England,; hc wns.awokenci to a sense-of his condition before God, and laid hold :upoi the truth of the gospel. In a short timo ho relinquished i profitable calling, and gave his energy and time to th .work.of preaching the word of God. With much succca , he laboured in England ; and while in London, liewa .solicited to come out as a Catechist under the dircclioi \'oT the Lord Bishop of Sydney. In November,' 1857, h \- arrived in this colony, and tho district in which th ' Church is erected, one of tho worst and most depraved it . .Sydney, was committed to Mr. Smith, under tho super : vision of the Rev. Macquarie Cowper, now the Dean o ' Sydney. It happened providentially, that at that time i I chapel which had been occupied by two or three bodici j bf christians, had become vacant, it ivas rented by th< ministers of the parish-and in December, 1857, service! ' were held in it attended at first by six or eight persons, ; Not many months elapsed, before it was.seen that a , larger'place-wos required-besides, the building was in ' secure. A site was fixed upon, a committee of working men formed, and measures adopted for erecting.a place of-worship.- In less than twe've months f" ora the com- mencement : of Mr. Smith's work in ' this district thc Church capable of affording accommodation for COO persons was: finished. Mr. Smiih was in December last, ¡ admitted into Holy. Orders-and duly licensed to the euro : of-Saint Barnabas., On Sunday, February tho 10th of this year, tho Church was formally opened, by the Bishop. Mr. Smith, the evening before, was taken ill ; it is sup- posed that exposure to the sun,-severe mental applica- tion,-with thc effect of-a warm climate,-told upon his frame. Mr. Smith was absent from. his. Church for some time-, «ml returned about a month;ago, to thc evident joy of his large and attached congregation ; hut it was soon apparent that he had begun work too soon, and it was "thought advisable that he should proceed on,a long aoa "voyage, -The Bishop, with his usual, kindness, has given Mr. Smith leave of absence, and ha is about, to proceed to England in the Star of Peace. Not only is he beloved ip his own Church, hut, from, his kindness and his devotion to thc cause of. truth, he has endeared himself.to'all tho several denominations of Christians in this city, and his return to Ilia district and to his work, with restored health, will be . a mi.ttec of thankfulness ta many hundreds in Sydney. It was to hear his farewell address that so. many assembled on Sundav night last ; thc sermon lasted about art' hour-and-half, during - tho whole of whioh'time the most, death-like silence prevailed,-broken only by the sudden sobs óf.sóme of his hearers; it was a solemn sight, and it was. a solemn;address,-real, practical, .waking;. We'be'ievetho impression left hy the. sermon will not soon bo- forgotten. The subject was-''-Conversion to God," illustrated by the circumstances connected with the sal- vation of tho Philipian jailor. Tho. following are a fovr extracts from the.sermon':-\ ." Speaking- of. the jailor under , two aspects,-' Look herei upon the one hand we have n godless man,-unkind, heartless, careless about his,soul,-fulfilling the duties of station (it may bc) but with cruelty and unkindness; he has no sympathy in his hard heart ;. he lays his ruthless hands upon the Apostles, applies the tflsh, and' thrusts, them into the inner prison ; across tho threshold of his lips their prayer has never passed ; his knees have never bent in lowliest attitude ; his heart was never melted by a Srisoner's cry ; he knows no. fear,-ho is a godless man. lut look again :-ho ia startled from his sleep, tho walls of his prison-house are reeling like a drunken man, the doors aro opened wide ; he rushes to his feet-he medi- tates tho fearful nct of self-destruction ; the voice of Paul arrests his hand i the fatal blow is stayed ; conviction fastens, hold upon him ; tho memories of a guilty' past rush phatitotn-Iike before his eyes ;-theso men that I have beaten aro thc servants of God ; tho tears of peni- tence steal down that sun-burnt face ; ho throws himself upon his knees upon tho dungeon floor, while Idtiguago such as this issues from his Ups: ' Sirs, what'must I do to bo saved.' Oh I Christianity, what hast thou dono ? Oh pnmjr di vim producing such results. There, in that repenting jailer, that sword lying unused upon the floor ; Thv servants praising Theo in tho midst of bitterest suffering. There! there! in that prison of Philipi, is ono of Thy mightiest triumphs, O Redeemer of tho world. Speaking of his doparturo from his congregation : - "And noir, my dear.friends, J must soy good-bye; 'tia hurd to say it-to look, it may be, for tho last time upon you ;-to bid you from this pulpit the solemn, Inst fare- well t hut, we shall meet again, it may bo. ; I trust lt will bo unon this earth i but, if not, we shall meet nt tho judgment. -In that rtwftil day-when tho socrets of 'all hem ts shall bo opened ^-when the white throno shall | besot-whoii the despised of Nazareth, the rejected of .'Cnpornimm, shnll trike his scat to jttdgo tho world-when /tho »Iago tm which wo live shall have been wrapped in sheets of flame-when tho sleeping nshos of tho mighty tlond shall have boen quickened into lifo- when yon lights suspontlcd in Ilcnvcn's blue dome shall have boen put out-when tho music of tho spheres shall bo hushed when oppression shall have done her last foul net-and when the slave shall bc pint formed with tho king -when enrthly distinctions shnll havo pnssctl nwny-when tho ? glitter of gold shnll Imve faded-nnd when nil the world, nations, kindred, and people, shall stand before tho Judge, lint.tho great question ls, '.IJow ahall to) meit I' Will it be with loy or grief; our stnto may bo rouiodiod now, then it will he unchangeable if unpardoned, then unpar- doned for over. May wo nil, like tho jailor nt Phillp!, bo earnest note about tho salvation ot' our souls i never reit sntisfied until wo re\t in tho work of Jesus, and then, . if wo have faith In 'Him, wo Bhnll bo nblo to hoar tho angry toaslngs of life's milled storms, and find nt Inst thc Haven of eternal rest," A collection wns inntlo after tho sermon, amounting to JG18, . . NEW CANDIDATES.-Mr. It, Jones hus mldruHteii tue oleotntB of the Hunter oleotnrnle.: Mr. Jumes Diokstn tho oleotora or Enst Maitland j mid Mr. AV. J, Foster the olootors of Wollombi. Wo leam nhn (lint n requisition . lo Mr. Chambers is being signet in Kn st Maitland ),itnd thu Herald statis V ut ti loqulsitlon to Mr. l'iddingun iv being signed in tho Hawkesbury oleoto'nto. Ju nm advertising, columns, will bo foiitul tho utldroBHis nf Mr Jones, Mr. Dickson, and Mr." F.istor ; and OIHO fullei a 'drosses from Mr, Thomas Dangar to the electors o tho Upper Hunter, nuil from Mr. Andrew lieder lo tin I electors of Liverpool Plains. -Mercury, May 91. | 