THE PRINCESS'S. Last night ' The Oorsican Brothers' was produced a?, the above theatre— a play which ha3 been often witnessed in this city, and in whioh no Ies3 an actor than Mr Brooke is said to have distinguished himself. That he played the chief part a3 well as it could be played is no special commendation of him, because it does not demand a great actor at all. This piece was transferred from Puris to London by Mr Charles J£ean, and was produced at his Princess's Theatre, where it had a great ruu. Every thing to make it popular to the eyo was supplied by man uBieuiuveu Keuumuuuj uuu ic was tnougut, doubt less, that what was so attractive to the audience he is accustomed to command, could not but be pleasing to the general. He -was not mistaken ; the melodrama had an immense success. He wa3 not mistaken, because there is nothing low or vulgar in tbe play, and because it may be caeilv acted. Mr Kean himself took the principal part, and playedit so well that his warmest, but not his wisest, admirers cried 'nil ultra.' In truth it was so. He was really excellent in the ' Coraican Brothers.' Commend U3 to htm for tho execution of a part in which the melodramatic faculty is prominent. And this leads us to speak of Mr Claranco Holt. He ia a very good melodramatic actor, and on tbe whole ac quitted himself well. He was sometimes a little too fa uailias; — too quick of speech when he ought to have bseu otherwise; but he got through his part very fairly. Tho truth is, an we have more than hinted, there are several gentlemen in any company that may be named, who could get through the part as well as he, or Mr Charles Kean. It de mands no intellect, nnd even na stage ability what ever that is worthy of mention in praise of Mr Claranco Holt, or any other actor whose came has been accustomed to carry a weight with it. Tho ghost, the machinery, and tho incidental rausio are tho chief attractions ; not but that the acting of Mr Pawoett in the other character (for there are only two cha racters to be named in tho piece) contributed greatly to the success of tbe drama The mechanical part of the play was not got through so well a3 it might bo wished it should have been, and the dofivults in th&t; particular were recog nised by tho audience, but Mr i'awcett explained, and gave us » Bort of assurance that no Buch de ficiencies should be discerned on a repetitioa of the play. ? The Efpeot of Oil in Stilling Waves.— It was thought that this old idea had been completely dis proved by experiment ; but according to the Sunday Review, tho very contrary has been th» result of re cent experiments, iu course of which, at all events, waves on a pond, generated by the wind, were com pletely stilled to a ' glassy smoothness' by means of a film of oil scarcely inoro than the 7,000,000 part of an inch in thickness,' and exhibiting the most brilliant zones of iridescent colors from its extreme thiuntsa. The niodut operandi ig believed to consist simply in the wind ceasing to have a hold upon the water by tbe intervention of the oil, whicb slips along tho sur face loilh the wind, so that the oil must be applied to windward, and it move* to Jaaward, waoothiDg 4he Htff&et; oi it gged 