Varieties. ii is not tbe quality of the meat, hut the cheerfulness of the guests^ which makes tbe leasts ^ Mmui is the ghost of murdered 'f lime, and haunts the murderers. The Funambulist who tried to balance the North Pole, got seriously out by the axes of the earth. The! man that ill treats and abuses hi own wife, can only be compared to maniac who bites, and knatV3 hi9 ov/r. ftesh .—Bahac. . Success rides oil every hour; grappa it and you may \frin; but without fl grapple it will never go with you. Every man is born to'search i truth,, and to make free' his natui' from confusion and doubt; When two women quarrel, you rr&j; be sure that one of them is in error, least.. Wherever is love or loyalty, purposes or lofty souls, even though a hovel or a mine, there is fairyland. A Doublh Meiut.—There are men who are equally idle in eo.ni themselves any goo'd, as in doing &■) good to others. To have gold is to be in t(-s-~; want it is to ba in sorrow, A lie shou'd 'bo trampled an 1;r*a extinguished wha.re-e • found I ajn Jfc fumigatiug. the atmosphere when i su3; pect that falsehood, like ' -pest- lieuc^ breathes around me, Sasdv Creek—Another cake of 440 ounces was retorted yesterday, the yield of Messrs. Baker and Sujtiaier'E clnim, on Poverty' reef.' This"claim, on}jr half a dozen feet in length, taken up a« spare ground, and barely large enough to put down and properly work a glaaft, has already given a competency to its ostlers, and continues to yield gold in-quantities to rival the income of iaanj large estates in England. So touch for the treasures of Poverty Reef, Maryborough Advertiser. Our Navy 200 Years Ago.—In tbe year 1011, the navy of England contisted of forty-two ships, the aggre gate tonage of which was 22,411, tons. In 1858, Scott Russell launched a ves 6el—the Grsav Eastern—of 22,500 tons,1 or of eighty nine tons more thanthe whole' British'fleet two hundred years lgo,-—Ncti)s bf 'the World. . At Madrid,, a few days ago, two per sons, a nian, named Cabezudo, and a female, named Bernaola> his niistre«s, who were soma some time back con demned to death for murder, were executed, in accordance with the Span jsii custom, by garotte. The woman was first taken to the scaffold, seated on an ass, her features dreadfully pale, and her eyes red jWith weeping. She re peatedly kissed a crucifix. She had to be helped to seat herself in the chair of execution, and her hands and feet har iBg been bound, the iron collar was put round her neck. When the collar was pressed, she twice raised her hands convulsively, but the inoaieht after was dead. The ni&a; afterwards walked quietly to the scaffold, ascended :fc un aided offered up a prayer after Beating himself in the chair, and theti allowed the executioner to perform his work. The Cabbage BtiGHT.—William Clarkson writing to the Geelohg Adver tiser, says j—"The following receipt as a prevention against the cabbage blight (aphis) is trom very good authority, and has been successfully tested for the last four months.' The plants now fetand cleaii—-not ah aphis is to be se en iipon one of tbem. The seed is steeped in cold tracer, with 1 oz. of sulphur to every pint of water^ for 12 hours ; the water is strained off, and the seed mixed in with a little wood ashes' then bow. No more care is necessary. This appears simple, vet it might have **he desired effect. We have, for example, the steeping of seed in a weak solution of arsenic, to prevent smut in wheat. The Receipt is simple and inexpensive. Will some of out'gardeners make a trial and report progress." Fast Travelling.—The beaten Ministers have accomplished prodigious feats in lottomotionj since they have travelled from poll to poll id less than a m on th.—Punch. The GreA^ Floating Derrick. 1—The first public trial of the powers of the largeiron floating derrick in raisin^ sunken vessels took place off Ch nil ton on Saturday, the 18th of June, and was attended with the most perfect success. It was intended to raise a vessel sunk for the purpose, but, as there were diffi culties in the way of sinking a vessel in that part of the rivei'j the experiment Was trifed in a different fnanner, .and one which showed,. even to a greater fiegree, the immense. power which c&n; he exerted -by this floating steam-crane. A vessel weighing 250 tons was moored alongside the derrick ; chains were passed tiader the bottoia and connected with tbe lifts of the derrick; the machine was set in motion^ and the vessel rapidly and steadily lifted from the water at a foot per minute. When the Porneingen hid been raised to a height; of some 20 feet a small steamer of 60 tons was fastened beneath her, and both Vessels were raised into the air,present ing a most singular appearance. This dertick, which is capable of lifting a dead weight, of 1,000 tons, Was buiTt at the works of the Thames Iron Ship building Company, at Blackball. It consists of a flat bottomed vessel 270 feet long and 90 feet beam, and is divided throughout bv a number of water-tight compartmentSj which can be filled t j counterbalance any weight on the opposite side j on the one side is raised an iron tripod, 80 feet in height, which revolves a gigantic boom, 120 feet in length, and from one £ide of which are suspended lO fourfold blocks, which wdik with others imme diately connected with the vessel to be raised. On the o?posite side ot the vessel are ranged 10 powerful crabs, connected with the chain falls of the pulley-blocks, and worked by a pair ot powerful steam engines. The derrick itself is capable of being propelled four m jjSi ai* k°ur by a series of bucdet paddle floats. This application of lift pnwer is the invention ot Mr ihshop, an American gentleman. Drainage of London.—Consider able progress has been made tinder the direction of the Metropolitan Board of Works, in carrying out the plan for we main drainage of the metropolis north and south of the Thames. On e north side ef the Thames, for some ime past, a number of men, under the instruction of the engineers of the board "av® ifl various' parts Connected with " 0 of the upper and lower main sewers, been engaged in sinking shafts purpose of finding the strata in 57 1 ,an ar°k the sewers should be \--'■cced. "Various soils of sand, earth, 1 , claY have been passed through, at a depth of about fifty feet* a *."m clayey soil, of a straw colour, wa9 with. Every exertion has been °^ain a solid foundation in .^1' a build the main upper and *°*er sewers, and considerable progress £3 = been made on the north side of the J omes, in that which a few weeks :*eo was commenced at Hackneys to i^ass though the marshes to Barking -leek. On the south side of the Thames, application will be made, in a few days, «> commence the upper and lower south aiain drainage scheme, each of which lv',jl join at Deptford Creek A Tough Customer.—A few days Siaca we mentioned that the Crown -janas Bailiff, aided by several con stable?, proceeded to the ground set j a^rt,as a reserve for a Jewish school j ? pi ace of worship, and pulled down a ! -louse over the head of a man named ^ Lloyd, who refused to quit the" place, j and who, whilst the work of destruction was going on, quite unconcernedly lay on a bed smoking his pipe^ an«£ re mained there enjoying his o'ium'Cum dignitate long alter there was any shelter over him. From the stoicisto which this Modern Marius then/ dis played, we believed he would cot be easily defeated—i or were we wrong. The day after the demolition of his habitation he erected a lent onthesame site and refused to leave it. The trustees of the ground determined to try ther strength (not in a pugilistic encounter, as these gentlemen were not verted in the " noble art/' according to the evidence of one of their number, who admitted that he considered dis-. cretion the beter part of valor, and on the day when the distraction took place, retired a safe distance from Mr. Lloyd, who began to use pugilistic propen sities) bat in a court of law. The case came on for hearing yesterday at the iEastern Police Court; and occupied up* wards of three hours. A large number of witnesses were examined, and the Bench ordered the defendant to pay a fine of 10s. and one guinea costs. • The defendant refused to pay the fine, and was sentenced to four days imprison menti Baliarat Star. 