SPURGEON. BY THE GHOST OF BURNS. MR SPURGEON has declined the offer of £10,000, made to him by the Trans- atlantic churches, which desired to "engage" him for a short period. He purposes to sail for America shortly, but not on such terms.—Home News. Has quaker Bright been made premier, And fill'd old England's sons with fear, Shall we be each succeeding year, Ruled by Lord John? Far worse than that's the news I hear, For Spurgeon's gone. Buffoonery in holy weeds, Will think of Spurgeon's words and deeds, As o'er the wide atlantic speeds, The antic one, His absence its success impedes, For Spurgeon's gone. The Brethren of the Barnum trade, Will miss the "star" their fortunes made, For who like Spurgeon preach'd and pray'd, For gold or fun. But now their cause has been betray'd For Spurgeon's gone. "He was the king o' a' the corps," To gather mobs to rant and roar— Practice quadrilles upon the floor, From morn till noon, While old Nick laugh'd outside the door, At Spurgeon gone. Rejoice ye polka dancing dears Trip it with men, and let your fears Of quenching h--- with scalding tears, Awhile alone, The man-with-man dance disappears, With Spurgeon gone. In vain the London brethren prayed him, In vain the congregation paid him, In vain exhibitors upbraid him, With being undone, Ten thousand down the Yankees laid him, So Spurgeon's gone. With many a conscientious fear, He thought about the sinners near, Till Jonathan beside his ear, Whisper'd "come on— With well fill'd pouch you'll reappear," So Spurgeon's gone. When the temptation to him came, He weigh'd with it his priestly fame, "What without gold's a well known name, So there's my gown, I'll kindle there a holy flame." And Spurgeon's gone. Each mad fanatic mourns his loss. Who with fools minds play'd pitch and toss; Yon favour'd bark bears him across, To Washington. Yankees to cleanse from sinful dross, Is Spurgeon gone. Heaven keep him there, where'er he be, Devotion hopes, as well as me, For now from his gymnastics free, And sacred fun. We all rejoice that o'er the sea This Spurgeon's gone, PER CONTRA. Ye ranting saints rejoice and sing, With holy glee make England ring, No ordinary news I bring, The de'il with fear Has back to Limbo taken wing, For Spurgeon's here. 