EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. BErnSH AND EOBEIGN GLEANINGS. The Legion of Honour.—The Mbiuteur announces that by a decree, signed by the Emperor ou the 4fcb, at his head-quarters at Novara,' a chef de battaillon, a captain or the 3rd Zouaves, and a chef d'escadron of the 2ad regiment of Chasseurs, have been raised to the | rank of officer in the Legion of Honours 4- j officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates in the 3rd Zouaves nominated to the rank of knight; and the military medal conferred on 68 non- commissioned officers and privates of the 3rd Zouaves ; on three privates of the 2nd regiment of Chasseurs—all for distinguished conduct in the combats of Palestro and near Novara. The rewards for the battle of Magenta, which will necessarily be much more numerous, will probably be made public in a few days. A Projected Balloon Teip Aceoss the Atlantic.— The Lancaster (Pennsylvania) Express says that Mr. Wise had made arrange ments with responsible parries in New York for some extensive and important aeronaut ic experiments this summer. He will soon leave for that city to make the necessary arrange ments. One of these experiments is to be demonstrative of the practicability of crossing the Atlantic with precision, within a due course from west to east, and within the parallels of two degrees, and will consist in sailing from St. Louis to the Atlantic seaboard, at a point between Baltimore and the city of New York. Another is the propelling and guiding of the balloon with fan-wheels and rudder. He is also to test Mr. Page's plau of directing the balloon, which was patented some weeks ago. The Comet of 1359.—This new comet, discovered by M. Tempel at Venice, about the beginning of April last, has been observed at Home by Eatlier Secchi, and at Pans by M, Y. Yon Villarceau. Xt has been rapidly ap proaching the sun, and but a few days ago was only about 8 000,000 of leagues from it. Since the 29th ult., however, it. has begun to recede at the rate of 2,030,000 leagues in 24 hours, or 24 leagues per second, being a velocity at least 200 times greater than tliat of a canon-ball. This velocity is, indeed, gradually declining; nevertheless, enough of it remains to carry the comet to a distance of 36,000,000 of leagues from the sun. As to the distances of the eomet from the earth, its nearest approach, which occurred on the 21tk of April, was to within 26,000,000 of leagues. At present its distance is about 42,000,000, and by the 30tli of the present month it will be 49,030,000 of leagues distant from our globe.—Athenceum. Trial by Jury.—Mr. Baron Bramwell pre sided on Monday evening at the ordinary bi monthly meeting of the Juridical Society, held at their room in Trafalgar- square. The sub ject for discussion was Trial by Jury, and Mr. Best opened the proceedings with a speech of some length. One great source of error con nected with the subject lay, be conceived, in persons misunderstanding the nature of the tribunal. Strictly speaking, "trial by jury did not exist—the common law contemplated a trial by "judge and jury," in which the judge determined the law aDd the jury the facts. There was in such an arrangement an immense advantage—it gave the public the benefit of a compound tribunal, partly fixed and partly casual, partaking of the advantages of both these forms. Criminal or civil juries were at tacked on the ground that they frequently gave erroneous verdicts; but judges gave quite as many erroneous decisions ou questions of law, and yet never spoke of abolishing them. In truth, the decisions of judges and juries were, generally speaking, in the right, corruption and indecision being the exception. No doubt there was much room for reform in the work ing of the system, the mode of returning juries, &e.; but the hour of its abolition would be an evil one for the people of this couutry. The Chairman observed that the question had been well opened, and after some discussion the de bate was adjourned. A Singular Eequest.—At the weekly ' meeting of the directors and guardians of the poor of Marylebone on Briday, it was an nounced that Mr. William Kensett, the well known Marylebone reformer, and who died of cholera in Paris some three or four years since, has left by will a sum of 20 guineas each to the Marylebone Almshouses and the Christchurch National and Infant Schools, which had been paid to those institutions. The following extraordinary request was also made in his willIn the first place, that his body should he given up to one of the medical schools of the metropolis for dissection, and that his bones and remains should then be handed over to the Imperial Gas Company, to which company, on condition that they consumed them in one of their retorts, he is stated to have bequeathed the sum of £10. The Great Cloce Hour Bell.—Mr. Walesby, of "Waterloo-place, writes to us: - "The newspapers stated some months ago that the new great bell for the Palace of Westmin ster had been tested at the foundry and pro nounced satisfactory. Since then, however, it has been fixed in the clock tower, and I must say that the sound, which it gave out during last Saturday afternoon was a failure—wanting in gravity, power, and solidity of tone. This may be attributed to the following circum | stance. The hell, instead of being attached to a 'stoek' suspended from the beam, and thus I allowed in some degree to swing, or to recoil from a blow of the hammer or clapper, is rigidly bolted to the large iron beam, so that it has no play, and the consequence is its vibra tions are intercepted by the mass of iron by which it is supported; hence a comparatively faint, instead* of a loud and sublime, tone is produced." The New Law of Divorce.—A series of returns detailing the operation of the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Court have been printed at the instance of Mr. Ayrton. It appears that the total number of causes filed since the 11th of January, 1858, was 400. Petitions for dissolution of marriage were pre sented to the number of 302, of which 186 were by the husband, and 116 by the wife. Of those 37 were decreed and six refused. The number of undeleuded cases were 144; and the number of days occupied iu hearing peti tions was 70. The number of cases now set down for trial is 139. The number of peti tions presented within the same period praying for judicial separation was 108. Of these nine only ware presented by the husband, and 99 by the wife. Decrees were pronounced iu 29 cases and refused in three. Ten petitions for nullitv of marriage were also presented in the proportion of three from the wife and seven from the husband. Of these one appears to have been refused, while the return is silent with regard to the fate of the other.?. Eiftecn 1 petitions were presented for the institution of i conjugal rights. Of these five were presented by the husband, and ten by the wife. Decrees were pronounced in three cases, and in one the petition was refused. The number of unde fended cases was two. Mr. Sturgeon on Pulpit Oratory.—In tbo course of a sermon preached by Mr- C. Snurgeon lately at Trinity Chapel, Brixton, the reverend diriue remarked that "pulpits must have been first erected by Satan, for it never could have been intended that a minister was to be stuc-k up a pair of stairs in a square box to preach it would destroy -the eloquence of the most distinguished advocate at tfic bar to stick him up by liimselfj and so it did with ministers. He preferred preaching the Gospel with his congregation mingled around hiin." Crinoline and Indeyoiion at Church. On Sunday, June 12, the Bsv. \V. U. Bickards, incumbent of the new church of All Saints. Margaret-street, took occasion in the course of his sermon to pronounce a severe ceusure upon the existing mania for dress._ The rev. gentle man had previously been insisting on the neces sity of devout attention to the worship of God. Would that he could persuade himself-that none of those he saw before him had come to church to gratify a mere idle curiosity. Only the day before, while the most solemn part of Cliristian worship was going on, he saw a per son walking up and down gazing at this object and at that, and comporting himself altogether as if he had been at a museum or a picture gallery. And that morning fie had seen others sitting and lolling through the service. Surely such conduct could not be right. On week days every facility was afforded the public for seeing, what every one ad mitted, was a very beautiful edifice; and there was therefore no excuse for coming to look at it when they ought to be there for no other purpose than that of devotion. Let it he remembered that a church was God's house, aud let every one beware how he desecrated the temnle of his Maker. Let all remember, too, that their own bodies were likewise temples temples of the Holy Ghost, and that they were therefore bound to treat them with something of reverence. It was lamentable, however, to see how often in these days they were dese crated by excess and frivolity in dress. To those who were infected with the prevailing vice he would recommend a careful study of the 3rd chapter of Isaiah, and of the words of our blessed Lord, who bade His disciples take no thought for raiment. Not that the injunctions ot Holy Scripture against the use of gold and pearls and costly array were to be taken quite literally, for there could be no doubt that the costliness of a person's apparel might lawfully bear some proportion to his station at means. At the present time, how- J ever, it mast be obvious that tliero was a licen tious extravagance in dress which amounted to a positive deformity. IJiery one seemed to vie with her neighbour who should be guilty of the most excess. But' let each reflect that a church was not a show-place, and that it had no room for vanity. Indeed it was hardly possible to conceive any more painful misgiving than that which was caused by the spectacle of a person entering the presence of God and even approaching His holy table in the garb of folly. The time for adorning the body was not yet. A wotnan's chief ornament must forthepresent consist in shainefacedness and sobriety; but a time would come when if she had. 'adorned herself with that which becometh women pro fessing godliness with good works her Lord would change her vile body into the image of His own. Demand fob American Fieea-Bhs.—The New ~Sork Journal of Commerce states that large orders from England for firearms had beau given. It •says :—" We learn from Mr. j E. Y. Haughwout, agent for the Ames Manu facturing Company, that orders were brought out by the last steamer from England for the immediate construction of large quantities of : machinery for the manufacture of the most ap proved .Ajnerican firearms, and that the same have been put in hand for execution, both at •Chicopee and other large works offering the needed facilities. The agents of the British Government bearing these orders also bring a | large instalment of sterling gold, and are unre stricted as to the amount of work to be done. The American machinery already in England is worked up to its fullest capacily, turning ; out several thousand guns per month, under j the direction of workmen from the shops | at Chicopee. The United States Go- i verninent armouries, both at Springfield and Harper's Ferry, are manufacturing the rifled musket for the United States army. This weapon, in destructiveness, will compare well with the Minie rifle, or anything else in use. About 13,000 of these muskets will be made at Springfield in the course of the present year; at both places something like 20,000." The j same journal describes a couple of monster guns in process of construction, one for the I United States Government, the other for the new Russian frigate-General Admiral. The gun is thus described:—" In several respects the guu here referred to conforms to the de- , scription recently given in English papers of the celebrated 'Armstrong' gun. It has a rifled bore, of a diameter capable of receiving a , four-pound ball; but the missile here employed is so elongated that the weight of metal is ' increased to 13 pounds. The rear section j or base is composed of lead, presenting a con cave surface to the cartridge, with the view of its being forced into the grooves by the ex pansion of the powder behind it, thus pre venting loss of explosive power by windage. A prominent object in the experiments made was to ascertain the effect of increasing the number of grooves. The remarkable accuracy finally obtained is shown by the fact that three balls were thrown through the same perforation, with only a trifling variation, at the distance of half a mile. The target was placed on the slope of a hill while these experiments were in progress, with the supposition that the resistance offered ' by the target would prevent the ball going ] much beyond; but a messenger brought word that damage wa3 being done two miles further off. Balls were then fired so that they struck into the earth a comparatively short distance from the target, and on being dug out were found shattered by the concussion." J'ucnce A t.fred at ALEXANDRIA.—Her Ma jesty's steam-frigate Euryalus, which has . oh board our midshipman Prince, arrived on the j 13t.h of May, from Canea, after having visited Alexandria and all the ports of the Syrian coast. Daring her stay at Alexandria, which was over a month, the whole of the ship's com pany were liberally supplied with beef, mutton, fresh bread, rice, flour, coffee, sugar, tobacco, and even sherry for the officers, at the cost to the Pasha of from £500 to £600 a day. Car riages, with four horses, and steam-yachts on the Nile, were placed at the disposal of the Prince and officers of the ship, and Nuhur Bey, the director of the transit, was specially deputed by the Viceroy to attend upon His Royal Highness. On the part of the young i Prince some very handsome gold- mounted I opera glasses, telescopes, revolvers, mathemati- ' cal instruments, and other snch like objects, j have been largely distributed to Pashas and other Egyptian and Turkish authorities,— Malta correspondence of the Times. Austrian and French Seamen.—Some uneasiness has been created in the port of Car diff by the excited conduct of Austrian and French seamen during the last few days. There arc a large number of Austrian vessels taking refuge in the port, and a great deal of ill-ieeling subsists between the crews of these and of French ships. On Friday a considerable con course met with knives and revolvers, and a riot was expected; but the police succeeded in dispersing the mob without an outbreak having occurred. On Saturday a French vessel was leaving the port with her cargo when some Austrians hurled stones on to the deck, and a fight was again nearly taking place. The ani mosity between the men of each nation is ex- ; ceedingly strong, and it has been deemed advisable by the local authorities to order the militia under arms, in case of a breach of the peace. The Austrians are unable to leave, except in neutral vessels, and they are, not ] unnaturally, restless under the restriction.— j Times, June 2. 