NOW OR NEVER. (From Uto Times,) The gentlemen who represent the italian body in this country have answered our remarks upon the plan of a committee to collect subscriptions for the Italian cause by saying that they do not see the plan in the light in which we put it. Our rejoinder simply is, that we wish they did. They' talk of English sympathy, and say there ought to be some channel for the expression of it. They need not be at all apprehensive on that score ; when the English public feel sympathy it is pretty sure, to express it. The pressure one collective, "hearty,. 1 trumpet-tongued rèxp'onentTof the feeling of the whole English, nation on this sub-: feet. There is no mistaking that pierc- ing note. It is not a question whether the Italian cause should be sympathized with, or whether that sympathy should be expressed ; we are all agreed on that point ; the question is whether theirs is a proper mode of expressing that sympathy, whether it is a becoming, a dignified mode ; whether it does justice to the greatness of he cause, and to the present position and strength of that cause. The Italians are. is a matter of fact, at this moment an independent people, governing themselves. i Hey fire at ling is a free sovereign tation, as much as England, or Denmark r Pitiisia, or any other nation in Europe S it, then, for a nation possessed of a Magnificent history, splendid names, majestic monuments-a nation concentrating all those characteristic interests which attach to the sound of Italy's free and independent and sovereign nation numbering ten millions to be depending upon committees, and chairmen, and secretaries, and subscription lists, am. orders, and advertisements, and all the common hackneyed machinery of mendicant causes ? Is it justice to the cause of Italy to send it about begging at your door, rapping with the postman, catching your eye in the placard, and addressing you at the bank counter is Italy a suppliant, going about in a threadbare coat soliciting alms ? If it. is not, then they are doing it the greatest wrong in making it one. We must know at least as well as Italians what the associations of this sort of machinery around whether they are elevating or lowering ones. Our correspondents may, perhaps, live in a platform set, but let them ask the first quiet Englishman they meet in society, and he will tell them that he is utterly and profoundly sick of committees, chairmen secretaries, list of names, circulars, and all that sort of thing that he throws at least five such appeals into his waste paper basket every morning, and that he does not consider it a dignified mode of address for a sovereign nation to adopt. We can only, when we see Italians at this time of day writing this poor spirited stuff in the name of Italy, ask, in utter wonder, perplexity, and sorrow, how long is this to go on How long will Italians persist in degrading themselves by sheer want of spirit, by not having the simple courage to take the high position which belongs to them ? What is this inexplicable incapacity in a people to see plain facts, and facts on their own side ? Has the long oppressor, Austria, really squeezed at last every particle of morale out of them, and left them, a lifeless, spiritless mass, without a self moving principle, looking suppliautly for impulse from without, in the shape of chairmen and committees ? It is a lamentable spectacle-a cause which simply requires persistence to be infallibly won endangered by mere want of moral' courage. These men have to long hung upon the sympathy of our grandees ; they have mourned so long over the wrongs of Italy at soirees and conver- sazione they have been pitied so long, and consoled so long, and have so long chanted the chorus, strophe and and stroke, of " Poor Italy," that they have got accustomed to the atmosphere, and they like it they like the luxury of pity they enjoy being petted by the great and patronized by the condescending. They like the region of condolence ; they like drawing-rooms, committee rooms, plat- form all scenes of sympathetic recrea- tion and sentimental gossip. There is such a thing as consolation under misfortune becoming so very sweet that at last the misfortune itself is half repaid by the consolation. How long, we say, is this dream to go on, and the Italian to continue living upon the mental alms of foreign sympathy, depending upon others, and never looking to himself, and using the trite, wornout machinery of charitable appeal, in a cause which has justice, national history, national resources, and present de facto independence on its side? We will be frank with the Italians, and tell them that they have no time to spare for any more gossipping sentimental luxury. This is a crisis which has come on and will go off in a very short time. Now is their time. They have the issue in their hands, if they only dare to see that they have, and to act upon that knowledge. We tell them, Leave off thinking meanly of yourselves ; cease to be refugees ; do not degrade yourselves and your cause by the resort to wretched hackneyed modes of appeal which an independent people ought to scorn ; do not show yourselves Austrian-made slaves, now that the moment comes for setting Italy free ; do not spoil a good cause by the worst kind of cow artice want of confidence in yourselves ; do not creep to the goal of victory on all-fours ; do not be spiritless, abject creatures, ghosts of Italians, beggars, de- pendents, hangers on. You are plainly in that condition of mind now that you want the keenest stimulus to make you act like men ; you want rousing from your sentimental lethargy by the, most vehement reproaches that the tongue of man can frame to kindle shame ; you want cutting with true words as with sharp knives. The time, we repeat, is short another month or two, and all is over in one, way or another. String yourselves up to an effort ; recognize yourselves as a free people ; dream that you are so, if the fact will not convince you. Let this opportunity pass away, and the earth may indeed be laid over Italian liberty, and you may chant an elegy over it for the rest of time 