THE CHTJISE OF THE TEARL. (íVom the Shipping and Mercantile Gazette.) A volume has just been issued by Bentley, from the pen of 'the Rev. E. A. Williams, M.A., chaplain Royal Navy, entitled, "The Cruise of the Pearl round the world, with an account of the Operations of the Naval Brigade in India.' ' The title is a misnomer. It is true that Mr. Williams' narrative commences with the Pearl's leav- ing England on the 30th May, 1850, and ends with ' her return thither on June G, 1859-the circuit of the world having in that time been accomplished. But of the three years and one week during which she was absent, upwards of fifteen months were spent by the Naval Brigade of the Pearl in important service in India, and it is to a narrative of this service that by far the greater part of the book is devoted. In a similar service at the same time the Naval Brigade of the Shannon was employed-the only instances ii which sailors have left their ships to servo as soldiers, marching with their guns bundi eds of miles into the interior of a country, performing all the duties of regular troops, and taking part in numerous field actions and sieges. The story of the Indian mutiny has been related often and in various shapes, but this portion has, we believe, first been told in the present volume ; and whenever in days to como history shall record in continuous narrative the numerous acts of bravery and self-denial with which the suppression of the rebellion was effected, the doings of the Naval Brigade will form no uninteresting or unimportant chapter in the tale. The book, as published, foims a portion only of a journal that was kept by the chap- lain to the brigade, who informs us in an address to the reader, which utterly disarms ciiticism ae to style and form, that it was written without the slightest in- tention of its being committed to print. Mr. Williams says in his preface that he has " Reason to suppose that a narrative of what was done by them (the Naval Brigades) in the Upper Provinces of India may prove acceptable to the public. It is not that more credit can bo claimed far this small force than for any other equal number of Britons under similar cumstances ; but it is considerations arising from the difficulties that wore overcome ; the isolated position that was occupied, totally unsupported by Europeans for many months ; the holding of an advanced post, exposed to constant attacks, and removed from the rest of the army so far that its services and dangers have been little known-that afford an additional ex- cuse' for describing the part taken by the Royal Navy, and which may fill up a hitherto vacant niche'in Indian history." . The'Pcarl was the first" commissioned of the new 21-gun corvettes, and was intended, under the com- mand of Captain Sotheby, for service against Russia in the Baltic. The war, however, coming to an end before the _ expedition Railed, sho wa3 ordered to the South .American and Pacific station, where she continued until April, 1857. After visiting, amongst other places, Madeira, Rio de Janeiro, the Straits of Magellan, Lima, and the Sandwich Isles, she got to Hongkong on the 19th of June, whither she, in common with other vessels on the Pacific sta- tion, had been ordered to take part in the war with Cliina, Shortly after her arrival at Hongkong, intel- ligence of the breaking out of the Indian mutiny reached China, together with a pressing requisition to Lord Elgin to send to India the troops which might arrive for service in the Cliinese war. In what ?way Lord Elgin replied to this requisition is well known ; and on July lGth, the Shannon, with Lord Elgin on board, together with the Pearl, sailed for Calcutta. At Singapore they took on board two com panics of II.M.'s 90th Regiment, which had been shipwrecked in the Transit, and arrived at Calcutta just at the time when the inhabitants were dreading almost anticipating-a rising of the the Mussulmen, on the occasion of the great Mahommedan festival-. the Mohurrum. The danger, however, passed away, and Captain Peel, of the Shannon, having volunteered to convey his crew and his guns to the walls of Delhi, Captain Sotheby, of the Pearl, followed his example. His services were accepted, and on the 12th of Sep- tember, 1857, the first detachment of the Naval Brigade, consistmg of 158 men of the Pearl, including seamen and marines, one 12-pound howitzer, one 21 - Eound howitzer, and 24-pound rockets, embarked on oard a wretched steamer, though the best that could be procured, the Chuñar, on their way up the country. On the 10th of August the brigade reached Buxar, the fort of which it was ordered to garrison. Settled here for a short period, no time was lost, but the men were drilled daily, and examined at gunnery. Their duties, at times monotonous and at times active, were always important, and to their small force was mainly owing the security of the large district of Goruckpore and the adjoining country, while they occupied important posts, exposed to constant attacks from the rebels, and were frequently called upon to attack, though with unvarying success, forces very greatly exceeding in number the utmost they could muster. The 'fact would seem to bo that the mutineers exorcised great judgment in the choice of positions, but showed little courage in holding thom ; that their small arm fire was ineffective, and that they relied greatly on the inspiring effect of artillery. When, how- ever, our gallant little band came to close quarters with them they always fled, and were frequently saved from utter destruction only from our want of cavalry to pursuo them. When in camp at Amorlia the life must have been dull enough. Tho weather was hot and oppressive, and the Bun*shone fiercely. The routine of camp life seemed a dull, chronic form of sameness. At daybreak the réveillée sounded ; then came parade and prayers, judiciously lasting only ten * minutes ; ball practice or light | infantry drill waa . the next thing ; then the sun drove every one under the tents, and, fanned by native "punca wallas," and waited on by "kitmut gars," Jack was every inch a gentleman. "It would be difficult to say how valuable time was now spent. A good deal, it seems, in sleep. There were no books, and the arrival of a newspaper was an. event. Meal hours were tolerably regular ; tea and toast followed soon after the dawn. After drill a short walk or ride, perhaps-then breakfast-then a vague lapse of time for a fcw hours-then lunch-then idleness again, till the temperature became reduced from 108 degrees to 90 or 95 degrees-then a ride or walk. Darkness having sei in, dinner is gone through, with its subse- quent tea or coffee, pipes or cigars, winding up with materiel of a little stronger nature. ' At times, however, there was more excitement, as for instance, on April 17, a villager brought news "that a »trong party of insurgents had entered a village not more than three and a half mdes from our camp." After a reconnoisance, an attack was determined upon :-"The cavalry, by making a circuit to the rear, took them by surprise, and discovered that their numbers were more than what was repre- sented, having received reinforcements from Bel wa and four guns. The cavalry went sufficiently close to occupy their attention until the infantry and guns arrived. By this time they numbered about 2000 sepoys, besides 1000 buiîmashes, a few sowars, ancl four guns. Shot /nd shell were soon sent among them; but the doteraient was not sufficiently Burong í° .áT. _** out of the village. A messenger was seni to brigadier Rowcroft for more troops; and in the ^anfime Major Cox, well knowing the character ot John Pendy, managed to draw them out of their hiding 5lace by a manouvre which soon had the desired eaect. , he detachment feigned a retreat; they, imagining , that the troops were running away, came out yelling t and bellowing as if to inflate each others courage, and » seemed disposed to make a desperate effort to drive cur party back to camp. But wlien pace out from ¡ under cover, the. detachment halted, and gave them I auch a warm "reception with, tifies and shell that they I soonlfound themselves safer'behind mud,wolls.I Having kept this numerous body of lebels at bay for I upwards of an ho/or, Brigadier Rowcroft came out I with the rest o? the force, and, making a detour of a \ mile and a half to the ri^ht, turned the left flank, of the enemy. On perceiving the movement, feu-ing .lest their retreat should he cut oiî, and ' putting more confidence in the activity of their legB i than the precision of their fire, the rebels suddenly retreated and were pursued by the cavalry. But in passing by a village Major Richardson, with a troop of Bengal Yeqmaury 'Cavalry, observed about 300 of the enemy with one gun collected under the cover of the houses. The contents of the gun and a volley of mus- ketry were, discharged at them. Giving the order to charge, he bore down at a gallop, captured the gun, and scattered the rebels." P. 189. The victory was gained, but every sepoy fought for his'life, and tried hard to kill at least oneinfidel. One example of the sort of battles that were fought may suffice. The Naval .Brigade was always efficient, always at their post, and took part in the last general notion that finished the mutiny. Our CorrER Coinage.-Our cop; cr coinage, which has lately been under the investigation of the Govern- ment, has been found to be in a very bad condition. A considerable part of it is very old, more than one fifth of it bearing date between 1797 and 1805. It varies very much in weight, and although the prac- tical inconvenience is, perhaps, not very great, be- cause the public arc familiar with it, yet if an old and a new penny were shown to persons unacquainted with them no one would ever imagine that they represented the same vnlue. Intrinsically, the old penny is worth almost half as much again as the new one. The old penny was coined at the rate of sixteen to the "pound, and the lightest of the new ones .at twenty-six to the pound. Only 15 per cent, of our copper coins date Bince 1852., The entire value of the copper coins now in circulation is £800,000, and the quantity of copper is 3530 tons. Taking the copper at £107 10s., the actual intrinsic value is only £379,000; so that the co-ipcr coin is a pure token, " the intrinsic value being less than one-half of the nominal value. In order properly to ascertain the state of the copper coinage a consider- able quantity has been examined in the large towns. The copper-coinage of the towns lias been found to be better than that of the country, because old coins linger longer in the rural districts. The result of tho investigation in London, Birrainghom, and other large towns shows that about one-third of the whole is below its legal state, and should be withdrawn. A part of it is counterfeit, another part consists of foreign coin«, and another part again is injured, bat tercd, and marked according to the fancy of indi- viduals. The result is that about one-third requires renewal. If it wcie renewed such as it now is a cost of near £10,000 would be incurred, but by the mode intended to be adopted by the Government, although an outlay of £50,000 will bo required in the first instance, this expense will be entirely covered by the profit arising from the'change of material and weight. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in his speech in Parliament, recently gave most of the details of the proposed change ; he said that tho coins, besides being very heavy and disagreeable to handle, communicated a smell which was very unpleasant, and it would be easy to substitute a much more convenient metal. It would be an admirable practice to follow in the track of our continental neighbours with respect to our copper coinage. The state of the old copper coinage of France was formerly much the same as our own ; the coins had lost all signs of any effigy, and were nothing more than rudely shaped' lumps of metal. AVithin the last few years it has all been called in, and a bronze medal has been substituted. The result of tho change in France was a profit of near £500,000 ; but no such profit can be expopted in this country, as the quantity of our copper coins is not so great ; but, relative to its extent, there is no reason why the ope- ration should not leave a profit analogous to that of France. The new copper coinage will not affect any question of the currency or computation. It will leave all such matters exactly where they were ; nor will it have anything to do with the decimal question ; it will merely be the substitution for the present coins of pieces harder and more convenient. The effect of improving the copper coin- age will be to produce a largely increased demand for it. In Paris the increase of demand after the now I coins were issued was 50 per cent. This experience I is very encouraging, as a larger demand will be at- tended with increased profit. The metal proposed to be used for the new coins is bronze, containing four ! parts of tin and one of zinc to 95 parts of copper, [ which will be increased in hardness by the alloy. The quantity of copper now coined into 2G of the old pence will make -15 of the new ones. If the 3,500 tons of the old copper were called in and re-coined the profit would be about £92,000 ; but if there there was an increased demand for the new coin to the amount of 25 to 30 per cent, a much greater profit would be left on the operation. One of the greatest advantages of the new coin will be its superior durability. The use of bronze is not new to the Mint, the metal having been used for coinage in Canada and Nova Scotia, and the new issue here.will resemble the coinage of those colonies. Experiments, it is under- stood, have been made with a view to ascertain whe- ther aluminium, bronzes would be more suitable, but it has been found that bronze mixtures varying from 5 to 10 per cent, of aluminium tarnished rapidly in wear, and were besides too costly for adoption. Times. . CRICKET ON THE GOLD COAST. - On the 19th ultimo, while some of the members of the Cape Coast Cricket Club were practising on the parade ground, Otoo, King of Abrah, happened to pass by, accompanied by a numerous train of followers. One of the cricketers invited the king to come and look on at the game. He did so, and was evidently much pleased and amused. Presently his highness was persuaded to take a bat and try his hand, and when the ball was sent at his wicket, he hit a tremendous blow at it, which, however, so far from being well aimed, missed and struck one of his attendants (who had approached rather too close) a blow on the head almost sufficient to have slain an ox, but which did not appear to have at all disconcerted the individual in question. Otoo is a man of gigantic size ; so that it is a wonder his attendant did not yield up the ghost on the spot. The king was quite pleased with the noble game of cricket, and we should not be at all surprised to learn ere long that the little boys of Abrah in the interior have commence to practise it. At Cape Coast, Accra, and one or two other towns along the coast, this noble sport is a favourite among the native lads, who have quickly imitated it after seeing it played by the re- sidents, native gentlemen, and sometimes the officers of the Garrison. - West African Herald. The IIvDUoruoNE.-Dr. Scott Alison gives this name to an indiarubber bag about the size of a watch, so made that it may be fitted readily to the chest or any other part of the body. By this apparatus, the sonorous pulses, so to speak, are readily taken up from the solid body or the chest, and are conveyed through the water and membrane on either side, and reach the edge of the aperture of the hearing-tube and the contained air, whether the instrument be the human ear, the flexible stethoscope, or any other hearing tube. The hydrophone may be employed either in aid of the stethoscope or by itself, as a distinct acoustic instrument.-Pharmaceutical Journal. 