NUTWITH AND HIS PERFORMANCES. TO TUB EDITOR OF BSLl/s LIFB IS VICTOnU. Dear Bell — Nutwith, a chesnut gelding, bred by Mr. Huon, near Albury, in 1850, is by Tom Jone3 out of Jeannette, by Young Theorem out of Maid of Australia bv Hector. lom Jones by the imported horse Vagabond out of Xantipps by Whisker. When a two-year-old Nut with was pur chased by Mr. Layton for £35, and was broken in and employed in the utility line of business by that gentleman for thre.) or four years, and I believe thtt on more than one occasion he wa3 actually let out by tho day. He was frequently entered for a hack race, and occasionally he managed to win a trilling stake. His next owner was Mr. Howard, who bought him for £50 ; and from Mr. Howard he fell into the hands of Mr. M'Alister, who kept him for a short time, and then disposed of him to Mr. Beckett, of the Woolshed, for £(50. Early in 1857 his present proprietor, Mr. M'Leod, bought him at the same Ggure and a certain share of his winnings, should he be so fortunate as to secure any, that season. Nutwith, during the atumn meetings of 1857 in the Ovens district, managed to pay his w-y, and won two or three animportant stakes. During 1858 his star was wretchedly in the descendant, his number never being tele graphed, and Iu3 owner always entering his name on the wrong side of the ledger. It was not until the beginning of the present year that the fame of Nutwith (hitherto named The Colonel) commenced to spread far and near, and having secured the Miners' Purse at Wahgunyah in January, he came out in great force at Wanguratta in February. On the second day of the meeting he was an easy con queror of Ranger and Mosstrooper in the Town Plate, running the three miles in G min. 7 sec. ; and on the third day, in I lie Ladies' Purse, welter weights, three miles, he again defeated Ranger by five lengths. At the Nine-Mile District Races, in Manh, he played leading business in tho Town Plate, Fitzjamcs being his only opponent, whom he conquered easily. At Beechworth, the same month, he had another good innings. On the first day, carrying 10 st. 1 lb., he appropriated the Pub licans' Purse, a two miles handicap in heats, Mosstrooper (8 st. 7 lb.) running him hard in both, but neither Bother'em (9 st. 12 lb), Ranger (9 st. 41b.), nor Fitzjames (8 st. 7 lb.), having n ghost of a chance ; and on the second d:iy lie was fortunate enough to obtain tho Miners' Cup, a three miles handicap, Nutwith carrying 10 st. 1 lb., and Jumbuck, nged, his only adversary, 8 st. 7 lb. At a quarter of a mile from home, the twain were racing neck and neck when the latter broke down. In the Squatters' Purse at Albury, in April, three mdes, he gave Valentine the go-by, winning after a slashing race to the distance by a couple of lengths ; but on the second day of the meeting he was doomed to disappointment in the Town Plate, three miles, in which, carrying 9 st. S lb., lie was beaten bv Juuius (S st. 11 lb.) bv a length, and by Trauby (9st. 81b.) by half a head, the journey being performed in G min, 2 sec. ; but in the forced Handicap, the last day, he was again victorious, Yalentinc, at even weights, being half a length behind at the finish, and Emerald, Bother'em, and Halfeaste following in his wake. The last appearance thus far of the Ovens Champion was in tho Town Plate, at the lato Heathcotc Races, in which, witli 711). penalty, lie was an easy victor, Starlight and Acrobat being the vanquished ; but it is oniy due to the last named to state that he was pullt'd up by mistake after he had gone twice round. At Essendon lie showed on the course, but was not started for the Handicap in conse quence of, as his owner alleged, the rough ground. This I very much regret, as the metropolitan public would have been able to get his measure had he gone fjr that race. He is now quartered at Sam. Waldock's stables, at Flemington, where he is being 1 rained by that excellent light-weight rider. He is not with out a friend in the betting market, and has already been backed to win at least ' a monkey' at about ICO to 5. YoLTiOEUii. 