fnlinial fitnirts. T^O^OXIAlir^n' E A T IH C A '-L .TEREMT DIDDLER (from a 'CorresponHent'tc, 'the Zhbant Jown Courier. dais 'i l,'° arrival of tlia tlullodeii at - T,rklin ft' very nivsterons and seedy looking personage, S tern.ii.aiion.Vm-'nated from the stewage claiming ' in- laree chests and various gieat coats, Ac , as -his ?CUaml alien asked his n me by the mate objected i eivc'il lit a day or two afterwards, however, ho 1 Ml up in anew. -base, with all the politeness of' a / e,if of tli -first watCT, the pushing sell-introduction „f , tlioroti'di-bred showman, and the tact of an experi Ld traveller fjr penetrating into the most remote tm- sscs'ol' the hash where a sa^'yer-s hut could bo found, Linned i' ' dre-s suit of blnck, vdtb a hat to match, „ ' 1 Jcoke.l oiitivitJ. a profusion oi apparently gold chains, ,'»ls Iinl'diitering-riiigs, the Whole surmounted by a Lr.'a nmnruua. il «um w. ? . ri , At adroitness he 1»resentc-l, from a richly embossed lilver else I. is cards of adilress followed up by tho exbi liilion of' liis -pocket. Itonk for autographs of patronage, ami tlien las', not. least, 'his single and doi.ble tickets of nd inission to a solo performance, shown bv his handbills to. le S'drctiona from the choicest tragedies. 'I lie primary object ot our hero visiting us ivns, n?. ho ihted to make himself acquainted with places, .persuis, 0.|,1 manners, in order to furnish himself with matter tor tic last volume of an extensive work, 'A Panoramic Ssitcli nf the Colonies,' from -which ho erpected to real- ; i«e £!'l,000 — his theatrical untlcrtukiji«j was morely of a minor consideration, tcinstriict youth through the -morals, of ihe ilranta, and provide means ol travelling. _ Ilrfore the people had time to exchange opinions ns to (lie who and what of this living cuiinsity, ho had, bys persevering industry and persuasion, sold more ticket dun anv 'other wisiting performer, of whatever grade, lttio had* preceded him, m.d persons began to think they lul I.eni duped, especially when they heard that, without di.tiiiction of seats, Mr Kemble, as he styled himse\f, |,,d ilisposeil of his tickets for whatever lie could get— hum live shillings doivnwards— conseqnemly, w^en tho oiiiioii* timo .arrived for the exhibition of pnrtsof Otliella, hear, Timon, -Sltvlock, Hainlet, Richard IU, Ac Th-e (Mis' in liron-n's Assembly Room ivero occupied, front a:id li.wk, indiscriminately by ladies, gentlemen, splitters, Miners, and linkers, in a state ' how come you so T he ladies seeing the nlsto of affairs, soon made their c-xU, an | si) diil all the gentlemen, exccpt those who waited in esiicctation cf tvitnes-ing some fun. -It even Mr Kemble from Drury L'no, as he announced himself to he, could lure proved his histrionic talent to be what he boas ted of, liii mixed audience, hv their stamping and unequivocal ii^n.s of impatience, would not allow him to pourtray tho bwiUties of Ill's varied and fleeting characters ; the dresses nere appreciated, hut somo wire disappointe ' at his not giving a little tumbling in Hamlet or conjuring in Sliv loefc, while others could not possibly see any difference, eicep' in tho dresses, between Timon nnd Richard III., nor did they even give him credit for his energetic aipirntiona when addressing tho 'helements' in Lear. One old invalid lady in tho Hush, whom our hero impor tuned to take tickets, pleaded iil-heiilth as an excuse for not being- able to attend, hut being told by him that it would do her good, thought he must be a quack doctor, and meant possibly to electrify her, as the only time her husband ever Went over to witness an exhibition nt franklin was at the performance of a travelling chemist, nhn, with a galvat ic battery, cured him of rheumatism, and so tlio oi l lady in vain applied for the retnrn of her money, because the nasty iinpjster did not electrify her es -lie expected. Despite ot the repeated music of tho audience nnd vadous interludes performed by a drunken tinker, who vas occasionally thrust upon tho stage during Keinlde's diameters, he dragged through Othello with a white face Mid Hamlet with a rosy one, nnd got as far ns Richard «h-n the and ence could no longer restrain themselves, am tiie poor monarch was nssmieu wim a snoiver oi nuon eggs, fresli and stale, accompanied by a storm of ' rough whites and tartans.' Richard began evidently to specu late on tho damage that might likely accrue to his ermine V pSn'S lighted candles, and other unpleasant missiles, tad rapidly divesting himself of his diadem, sceptre and lobe, made one bound from Bosworth Field to the benches in the pit, 'from the sublime to the ridiculous,' with only his inider and inexpensive habiliments in jeopardy, and, taming up his shirt sleeves, challenged any ' blackguard' out to tight. As often as ho mounted and remounted the forms, he was as often floored by the boys tripping tbem up. After a littlo of this bye-play, accompanied by the shunts of the throng, and the invasion by the tinker of the sanctum sanctorum of Messrs Lear, Shylock, Mac b=tb, liinon, Othello, Hamlet. Richard, and Co, tho evening's .amusement ended rather abruptly, and the at traction ut' the evening retreated into the back parlor of the Franklin Hotel to shake off his royalty niul quench his thirst ; however, the entertainment was not to end uitli that act, for having re-assumeed once more the {tnii ol plain Mr Kemble, of Deary Lane Theatre, and lately of the Franklin buards, he assumed a pugilistic attitude of self- defence, and anathematised some of his heaiers present as vagabonds, cowards, blackgnnrds, &o.; A ' s»t-to' was tho result, hut Mr It's antagonist being the more active of tho two, stopped his mouth and eyes utnullatieously; iu other words be appeared next day nth little to say, and under a bandage was a poation of a face much more befitting Othello than on his previous night's representation, when ho appeared as pale as Ham let's Ghost, ? 1 In another paper wo find the following: — An artfu d'd^o mn practised by tho great Australian Kemble re cently, at a place where he was going to give one of his 'niiinopo'oiiues.' Knowing beforehand that- it was the determination of his audience to pelt him with eggs, he ?wight 'p a large number of those useful missiles, and tiationing a man at the door of his place of entertainment retailed theiu at an immense profit. Ho oleared by this Speculation it large sum of money. 