MR. CHARLES DICKENS' READINGS. Amongst living authors it may be affirmed that there is not an instance to be found of greater versatility of talent than is presented in the case of Mr. Charles Dickens. He was admitted, whilst on the Chronicle, to be one of the best shorthand writers that ever stept into the gallery; as a journalist, his name has long stood high ; as a writer of fiction his fame is European ; one of the best speeches that has been made for years was delivered by Mr. Dickens on Administrative Reform, at the grand gathering in Drury-lane Theatre; his histrionic abilities would do credit to any stage ; and last, though not least, it would appear that his powers as a reader are adding alike to his fame and to his resources. Referring to the " readings," the Leeds Mercury of Sep- tember 18 writes as follows : " The desire to meet a deservedly popular author, and the novelty of hearing him read one of his own works, proved sufficiently attractive to draw together a host of friends, from all classes, who listened with rapt attention to the quiet humour and feeling with which the work abounds, and which was admirably reflected by Mr. Dickens in his reading. The story is familiar to every reader, as one of the most charming prose carols in the language-sparkling with wit and humour from the first page to the last and at the same time full of earnest kindly feeling-and it affords in a remarkable degree scope for the most vivid powers of elocution and expression. Few Christmas books have left a more genial impression upon the memory, and though there is a certain apparent anachronism in reading a ghost story, prepared for a Christ- mas fireside, in mid-summer, before a fashionable audience, the great truth that the author aims at and the faithfulness with which he has worked it out, adapt it to all seasons, and give to it a freshness and vivacity so full and rich that the mind never wearies with the progress of the tale, but follows every character with incessant interest until the scene closes. As to Mr. Dickens himself, his portrait is scarcely less familiar than his works, and if it were otherwise, we should not like to trust ourselves to a pen and ink sketch of one whose features the artist's pencil has so often failed to convey. There is something sufficiently striking in the face and general physique of Mr. Dickens to interest you without exciting any peculiar sentiment of wonder or surprise. There is, at first, a certain monotony of tone which leaves an unfavorable im- pression, but this soon wears off, and you find yourselves un- wittingly reciprocating alike the kindly humor and tender pathos of the reader so thoroughly, that before you are aware you have burst into a hearty laugh, or have shed a silent tear. The reading was admirable, the varied expression given to it, not only by the tone of voice, but by the action of the face and hands, showed a full conception of the story, with all its incidents crowding upon each other in unbroken succession, and the power to impress, more forcibly even than by his own graphic pen, the spirit of that conception upon the hearer. Relieved from any restraint by the express sanction of Mr. Dickens, the audience entered heartily into the story, and in- dulged in repeated manifestations of enjoyment. The reading lasted two hours, and afforded a high degree of pleasure to all present. The Manchester Athenæum of September 20, notices the " readings" thus :- On Saturday evening Mr. Charles Dickens presented him- self for the second time before a Manchester audience, to read extracts from his own writings. The large room at the Free Trade Hall was filled with a fashionable assembly. Mr. Dickens had selected, to occupy the two hours which he spends with his hearers on these occasions, two stories which, we believe, originally appeared in Christmas numbers of " Household Words,'" namely, "The Poor Traveller," and " The Boots at the Holly Tree Inn ;" and a third reading, consisting of two chapters in " Martin Chuzzlewit"-those which describe the character, long since become famous, of Mrs. Gamp. The tone of the first story is serious, almost quasi-tragic ; the other two partake largely of the comic. The history of " The Poor Traveller" points a good moral; but is, on the whole, somewhat uninteresting. Its style is principally narrative ; and, although read very effectively, the voice of the reader sometimes prolonged a monotone that would have been wearisome had the tale been longer. But in the em- bodiment by his reading of the Boots, and of Mrs. Gamp, Mr. Dickens is quite unapproachable. As he portrays these characters by his skilful pen, and breathes his rich voice into their sayings, they become living realities; and the reader is soon lost in the interest attaching to the in- dividuality, so true, so perfect in its kind, which he has created. The variety of facial expression, and the admirably adapted, although quiet gesture with which the great no- velist accompanies and illustrates his readings, greatly in- crease the pleasure of listening to him, and serve to intimate what a consummate actor Mr. Dickens would have been had he devoted himself to the stage. His " Boots" was best en- joyed; and the auditory, accepting his introductory invitation to express without hesitation any emotion his reading might give rise to, applauded, and laughed, and sometimes would fain have cried at the fortunes and misfortunes of Master Harry and Miss Norah. Mr. Dickens was exceedingly well received on entering the hall, and was also loudly cheered as he left it. At the close of his reading he announced that on Saturday, October 16, he hoped to have the pleasure of read- ing the storey of " Little Dombey" in that hall ; and on the 23rd of the same month his "Christmas Carol." Mr. Dickens has already visited most of the principal cities of England, Ireland, and Scot- and, and has everywhere been warmly received and well recompensed. 