RE VIVAL OF A SHIELDS MYSTERY. (From the Daily Chronicle, Monday.) A>' old story, that has haunted the memo ries of the people of Shields for a quarter of a century, like a ghost that would not he hud, has been revived again. Last week, while workmen were excavating for cellarage attbe propertyin Tyne-street, North Shields, recently occupied 'bv the Mechanics' Insti tute, they discovered, about twelve feet be low the surface, a number of human bones, whieli had evidently been there for many years. The discovery has caused considera ble sensation in the town, in consequence of the mysterious disappearance of a surgeon's assistant, named John Margetts, about thirty-live years ago. Some time between 1S20 and 1S2G, there lived in North Shields, a respectable old woman and her sou, the latter .struggling to attain sufficient know ledge of medicine to go out as skip surgeon in a West India vessel, and perhaps in this manner to earn money enough to spend a session in Edinburgh. He was furthered in all his plans by the late benevolent Dr Greenkow, of that town. The usual pre mium was not required in his case. The young man did many useful errands and offices; and he resided with his mother in the Low-street, in North Shields, near to the river. Dr Greenhow had been with a patient all night, and left her very early on a winters morning to return home to bed; but first he stepped down to his apprentice's home, and bade him get up, and follow him to his own house, where some medicine was to be mixed, and then taken to the lady. Accordingly the poor lad came, prepared the dose, and set off witli it sometime between live and six. ]le was never seen agaiu. Dr Greenhow waited, thinking he was at his motto's house. She waited, considering he had gone to his day's work. And mean while, as the people remembered afterwards, a small vessel bound to Leith failed out of port. The mother expected him hack her whole life long, but he was never seen agaiu alive or dead. When the young man went uut with the medicine he was hardly dressed, having merely thrown on some clothes, and he went in his slippers, which induced the opinion that he had been made away with. Ills fate was the cause of great terror at the time in the town, and it has remained amongst the dark mysteries to be unrevealed till the great day of judgment. When the young man left his mother's house, he took neither his watch nor purse with him; and all the other articles of clothing belonging to him, except the slight attire he wore, were accounted for. Some few years after he was missed, it was reported that a letter had been received from him at the West Indies, but it did not meet general credence; and a suspi cion always attached to the house to which the lad took the medicine. Tho magistrates could not ltsolve the mystery; and the family to whose sick members lie was taking the medicine at the time he disappeared, did no good afterwards in the town, and had to leave it eventually, nearly ruined in fortune. The premises under which the bones have been found are the same as those that were then occupied by the family; and of course all the dark surmises and suspicions that have haunted the people of Shields are re vived, and the bones found buried twelve feet deep are described as those of a mur dered man. The dark shadow has passed over nearly all invoked iij this mystery: they leave turned_their faces to the wall, ami have made no sign; loim ago they haye ptissed without the jurisdiction of human law; and, as we liavo said, all is surmise, and probably will ever remain surmise on this side of time. (From the Chronicle of Tuesday.) • From a careful inquiry that was made at North Shields of the bones dug up from under the foundation of the old house in Tyne-street in that town, on Saturday, the j conclusion has been come to that they could not be the remains of John Margetts, if they i are human bones at all; and an impenetra j ble mystery once more falls over the. old story of ::,i years. It is needless opening an old controversy. It can never be definitely settled whether Margetts was seen alive alter the winter's morning that lie disappeared or ! not. As has been said, this is one of those j unresolved mysteries wliicli appears to hare passed away beyond the pale of human judg ment; and "let the dead past bury its dead." (From the Hurlhtrn Ej'jirm.) They were the boucs of a dog, and not those of John Margetts, that were dug up in the foundation of the old bouse in Tyne street, North Shields, last week. This is made clear by the statements of several gen tlemen who have replied to the account we published yesterday from a contemporary. .Mr Stewart, the builder who was making the alterations, says there were only a few bones found among some loose rubbish, which have been examined by medical gentlemen, and pronounced to be those of a dog; and Mr ifenry Coward, surgeon, comes forward to corroborate this. "The bones." be says, " belong to the lower animals, such as sheep, oxen, dogs, ic, and are not human boucs at all." Mr Coward also volunteers the Mow ing statement in exoneration of the Gaunts, and in elucidation of the fate of youug Mar getts I knew the late Mr Gauut and his family, and firmly believe thera to have been far above committing any crime, much less the awful crime of murder. That young Margett3 disappeared, it id true; but there is no doubt that he had been waiting his op portunity for doing so, and there is less doubt that he ended his life in the East India Company's service; and what is more, bis parents, having had letters from him, knew it, but, from interested motives, kept it secret," Tki3 is corroborated by Mr Why vill Park, who adds that some time after tbe occurrence, it having been publicly stated that Margetts had been seen in India, and had died there, a public meeting was held, which,', by resolution, cleared the character of Mr Gauut , Sn° {al ^ contemporaries. We now n Dlcjcenss Periodical, in order the Gaunt family, the victims ofunii PreJu,d.ice and suspicion, may be still further vindicated from a calumny which never appears to havehad the slightest substance of foundation, the only fact con ™,™S\r ^ ^.e disappearance of youn0,Margett3 being his delivery of medi flfoht tli("r 'lollso ou morning of his I : (From Household Words, june 7 i851.) . borne time between 1850 and 1S30, there used in North Shields a respectable old woman and her sou, wh'o was tryin» to struggle into sufficient knowledge of medi cine to go out as ship surgeou in a Baltic vessel, and perhaps in this maimer to earn money enough to spend a session in Edin burgh. He was furthered in all his plans by : toe' benevolent Dr G , of that town. I believe'the usual premium'was not required 111 his case: the youug man did niauy useful errands and offices which a finer young gentlema would have considered be neath him, and lie resided with lib mother 111 one of the alleys, or " chares" which lead down from the main street of North Shields to the river. Dr G had been with a patient all night aud had left her very early on a winter's morning to return home to bed but he first stepped down to hb ap prentices home and bade him get up, and follow him to hb own house, where some medicine was to be mixed and then taken to the lady. .Accordinglythe poor lad'came, prepared the dose, and set olf with it some time between five and six on a winter's morning.. He .was never seen-again. Dr •f ,. .. waited, thinking he was at hb mo thers house; she waited, considering that he had gone to hb day's work. .And mean while, as people remembered afterwards; the small vessel bound to Edinburgh sailed' out 01 port. The mother expected him back her whole life long; but some veats'after wards occurred the discoveries of the Hare and Lurke horrors, and people seemed to gain a dark glimpse at hb fate; hut I never heard that it was fully ascertained or indeed more than surmised I ought to add, that all who knew him spoke cxphatically as to his steadiness of purpose and conduct so as to "toer it improbable in the highc-st degree that he had run off to sea, or suddenly changed hb plan of life in any way. (From Household Words, June 24,1851.) A correspondent has favored us with the sequel of the pupil qf Dr G., who'vanished from North Shields, in charge of certain potions lie was entrusted with, very early one morning, to convey to-a patient. Ite femng to Page 240 of a recent number nf ... Household Words," she says—"Dr G.'s son married my sbter, aud the young man who disappeared was a pupil in the house, when lie went away with the medicine, he was hardly dressed, having merely thrown oh some clothes, aud he went in slippers— which lucident induced the belief that he was made away with. After some months Ms. family put on mourning; and the G.'s (very timid people) were so sure that he was murdered that they wrote verses to hb me moiytand became sadly worn by terror. But after a long time (I fancy, but am not sure, about a year and a-halt) came a letter from the young mau, who was doing well in America. Hb explanation was that a vessel was lying at the wharf about to sail in the morning, and the youth, who had long me ditated evasion, thought it a good opportu nity and stepped on board, alter leaving the medicine at the proper door. I spent some weeks^ at Dr G.'s alter the occurrence, and very uoleful we used to be about it. But tie next time I went, they were naturally very angry with the inconsiderate young man. htom HoiKehold Words, Feb. 21, 1852.) It will be remembered, that amongst the narratives detailed under the head of " Dis appearances," at pages 249 and 305 of the third volume of "' Household Words," was one of a physician's boy at North Shields, who, after delivering some medicine to a patient, disappeared, and was not heard nf tor seven years afterwards. We are now put 111 possession, in the following letter, of souie singular aud painful circumstances which occurred to the liimily of the patient, and which we lay before our readers, in a letter from her son, in justice to him and to his' relatives "'-"Jr-I" taking out your 'Household words from a library I am a subscriber to, I was much surprised on reading, iu the pub lication of 7th June, 1831, under the head of 'Disappearances,' an account of the disap pearance of a young man from North Shields. I enclose you an account of a meeting held at North Shields on the 9th of May, 1634, just seven years after the young man's dis appearance, in which the whole mystery is explained; by which you will perceive that the vouug mau enlisted into the Hist India Company's service, and was sent out to India. I have a painful recollection of the circumstances; lor in consequence of its being to my mother that lie brought the medicine, (which he delivered at the door, and was 110 more heard of till the seven years afterwards.) a most scandalous report was raised, that our family had murdered him, and sold his body for dissection. Such i was the belief of this story, that from doiu" a very respectable business as confectioners0 with every prospect of making a comfortable living, our trade fell oil' to such a dcree, that the stuff spoiled upon our hands, aifd as much money was not taken as would pay the shop-rent; and if it had not been that, for tunately, about two years previous, my brother and myself hau got employment in a gLiss manufactory, by which wc were enabled to support the family, they would have been reducd to parish relict; and yet our masters were many times (as they have since told us 011 the mystery being cleared up) solicited by very respectable people to dismiss us, in consequence of these reports; but nobly relused to do so. • 7* '""'-"k "ie young man, but espe cially the mother, when she met any of our family in the street, always accused us of murdering Jier son; and such was the sympathy of the public aroused in their iavour, that liad we stopped to resent it, I have 110 doubt that wc should have been destroyed by the mob that would have soon arisen And for seven long years did wc bear this stigma; aud when the affair of hourke and Hare canio out, it revived it so that our house was nightly surrounded by a mob; and had it not been that one or two of the magistrates took our part, I have no doubt but it would have been pulled down about our ears, and the whole family mur dered. " ' "At length we were obliged to prosecub two men, separately, who accused my fatho of the murder of the youug mau, in the Whiti Hart inn. at Newcastle; and it seemed ti me that the jury and the court were preiu diced against us; as, though we got verdicts yet one was for ou'y tv.enty shillings, whiel (fid not carry posts, and the other for fivi pounds, and the judge would not certify. have always been regular in oui attendance on divine woisiiip, and our mora fonSn n •M lligb ^ ar>y family in tin iow 13 trll(->sevcrai of the most actwe propagators of the scandal seem tt have met with retributive justice. The parents died) both of them comparative!} , yonng; and of three of the most active pre I pagators, one was drowned in a very curious I manner; another committed suicide; and ' another, from being one of the most affluent ! men in North Shields, is now receiving 1 parish relief. But what benefit are these ! things to us i We are struggling with dilli [.culties brought on by this scandal. My ; mother is still living, aged eighty-one. My " father died, aged seventy-four, as easily as ever a man died in the world. My brother and I are old bachelors; for although we could keep our parents and family, we could not do it if we had married and got families. " la conclusion, I beg to say, that you are left entirely at liberty to make any use ol' this communication or not, as you think pro per ; but I could not resist the temptation of informing you of the true circumstances of the case. "John Gaunt. "C'oatham, near Rcdcar, Jan. 20,1S52." To thisMrGaunt's brother adds:— " Sir,—I have just come home, and see what my brother has written, aud wish to add, that we had at that time a brother, Ellis Gaunt, surgeon, Idle, near Bradford, (since dead); and the North Shields public sen! police and constables there, aud searched his house, and two or three houses on either side, to see if he had the missingyouth there for dissection; aud should they have found any limbs under course of dissection, I have uo doubt my father would have been tried for murder. "Your most obedient servaut, " William Gaunt." From the documents read at the meeting, convened by the magistrates and one hundred and thirty of the clergy, gentry, and trades men of North Shields, on the 9th of May, 1834, itnppears that the missing youth, hav ing enlisted in the East ludia Company's service, died of cholera, on the 12th of No vember, 1842. The resolutions passed were strongly expressive of sympathy for the unmerited sufferings of the Gaunt family for so many years, aud of admiration for the exemplary patience with which they had borno them. 