FBI?*®#. From the Indigo dxcriiser. 01JE MIHISTG- BEPOBT. Great :snd gratifying intelligence lia to be fcpo'.tctl to-day; A nugget has been found by Tom Jilnrightj of the ^weight of lire ounces andahalf.1 J It is a specimen of our auiiiuotia* treatises; extiemety, elegant'in its- appearance,— flattened as if with"a'hammer; and per forated with holes as ifmnde by a prac tised hand-with> a gimlet.'. -Never did 1 hold in tny liancl.a mora spteiuUd piecc of jnir' Indigo .gold." _ Tou may talk as ; much1 as yod likeof the 'purity of' the gold of Victoria^ but this gave you, beyond all- "question?of (doubt, the? most; pure, and the' moat iefinfcd idea" ot it, which has ever.yet been furnished. * It was found at the rear of Fros e's restau rant. „ t4 • But, this is- not all. Eleven penny weights to the^dish v.were^ discovered. on Saturday, evening;,: about.-i half-a-miie below, the bulchei'e, 011 the left hand side of Mam-street: A.crowd'pf persons; immediately assembled; There was a complete commotion ■ in ' the- district. Hundreds of persons marked out:clairns ;: and yesterday the whole of'the ground; presented a scene of intense...livelines.'.; What a-thing is -gold ! It makes men active who would otherwise l>e asleep ; it chives hundreds forward who would/, without its revivifying influences, he down along-side a.gum-lrce and give up the ghost! About the same -place} or. very' con tiguous to if, two parties have struck payable gold.y The gold obtained ,was ■ coarse.—so coarse as : lo astonish the weak minds of the beholders". There .were.''many.-present'..lo witness the gra tifying- sight. The-men who obtained the precious deposit made no secret of it. They : washed it in the presoncn of the hundreds who were present. Many, and many: an:, eye. glistened' with the view of the golden treasure,, and in stantly claims were'marked ciut*i>ver the whole extent of the flat..: It was an in teresting occasion. It showed the rich ness of the field,—developed our hidden treasures,—and. gave llie' lio - to those who, for interested purposes, have been wilfully misrepresenting the'capabilities of pur yield: ^ "' '■ T wo thousand ounces of gold ch nge . h-n '3 on Sarurcly evening ! There: was a rush,—a fearful-'rattle over thefcoun (e s of the Banks,-—one of th ;se terri/ic d>ishfs which sometimes surprises the most quiet of the public, even tbosj of< the .order who are possessed of minds the most'-dim, 'quia*, *nd irr.?co ut«. The price,ran up; It left off at £d ls.; and at one moment it was thought it would have r.'iiehe i £4 2s. 'Never was there such conterition vitnesso ! in the niKiket. Tiu Ba ks were literally in a state of feverish excitement. The private buyers were in intense feverislmcss Up and down the lead a man having an ounce of gold for disposal was beseige !. He was lt>ckfd upon as ah individual who hiii spuing- from tli3 heavens, and who w s deserving of all the notice which gold buyers can a/Tord so-.iulimes to pay to those.who haveanyibin» of the pre--, cipus metal to sell. Yesterday, there ,| was a remarkably pcsc-pl bie change for the worse in tha market. The .bank managers were down in the mouth—so were the buyers. .Allalong Main-Street there was a conside r ifcle {fa ling off. The buyers preteiae-l—it wan only a pretence—thrift thev Mould not give more than £3 18s UJ. or £0 19$. but the miners would not dispuse of their hard-earned treasures at that low figure, and the consequence was, that very little of the articlo changed hnds. There is an imi're sion—a well founded one, as we believe—that the-pries must advance that the managers of banks.and the pri vate buyers shall not hv.ng back, that they must again give the £ t per ounce, and' that our people shall .obtain the full and entire value for their property. If I they could afford £i before \v- v not give i it now7 ? if gold was. worth that price a. 1 week ago, what has occurred since to j lower its market value ? If the mana gers of banks were widc-a-wake a few days since, what has occurred in the interval to shut up their eyes, and render them occult to. the interests of. the public. There is a report upon the Indigo to ri y, of rather au ast wishing fashion— n tmely, that tlu managers of our vari ous banks arc bsi- g money, absolutely pas.-ing sovciv:gns t'-irough their iands Without th.>. slightest ho;ie of ev-r get-' ting mora than fifteen shillings for tbeca in return. Jusc listen to the following account, and observe that it cotnes.'.o Us fr- m o: 0 i f ihr* most, reliable sources wi h whichwehave 0 tie-il - • ■ ■ ■ In purchasing a parcel of:gold on the Indigo diggings yon: cannot vcckon an average fineness of more than 23. 2J-. carats, which is worth at the Royal Mint, London, £4 3s. 3d. per oz., and the gold will bo fairly bought that does not make a greater loss in melting than 2 per cent. . The value here, therefore, stands as follows — Price of Gold at the Mint ... ... £<i 3 3 LeS3 charges, as follows— j <?.(]. , 1 Duty, por ounce.' ... ... :2 6 Insurance 011 £4 3s. 6d. at ^ If. pev cent ... J a ! Freight and shipping ek-' ' , ' peaces ... ... ... . 0 4J- r" Los3 in melting, 2 per cen t. 18 0 G 0 Value on ths Indigo ... ... ... £3 )7 3.< And exchange on London being at par, at sixty days' sight, thera ij no drawback on that account. - We give this statement for'.vhat it is worth. It comes from a-gentleman ot reliable; authority, and connected with an establishment of undeniable standing.— Yet, it is open to dispute, and, it may be that in our next we!- will : have a - fewr words to say upon the subject.. Mean while, we allow.-our correspondent to tell his tale. Fijung at night.—Since the mur der of Saturday night, there have been more of guns and revolvers fired oft after ; sunset than we would choose to reckon. Gilligan thinks that on Sunday evening there could not have bgen fewer than two hundred bullets whiz zing through the air, doubtless with the intent of giving a slight intimation to any ruffians who might be prowling a burglary, or a murder, that they v.xu'.d meet with something like a warm recep tion ivcfe they io attempt to proceed to extremities. Up snd down the lead, every evening since, from one to two hundred shots have been fired ; and we have r.o doubt, from the quantity of am ■num{|]oii/;ttiuL:H:c-;nature of the (ire arms in the possession.of mrtliy. of the miners', that, if arty attempt be made, upon their, properties or lives, the fel lows who make it;will run their carcases, and very properly so, 'into<considerable danger. . Tnu.Otri Man "and .the Boy.—-A' correspondent in whom J,ve" liavc every ^confidetfce/ sends-the' followirigjnforma |tion regarding' the above 'mythical per sonages, who a shor^tiroe ago were-re ported to be making" their piles some where near to the Jndigo ; he informs us that'the party spoken of are a snepherJ in the employ of Mr. Docker, and hie son. They discovered some surfacing, but after a trial found it■ would not?*pay; They are now engaged sinking near thi same place, and it is ejected that tho sinking wilt run about 15 feet., Our forrnant supplies us with'the following as to the road to the spot where they are at work. He says, " you must stiike off the. Beechworth load at-the back of Mrs. Butcher's Restaurant,- keep up in "the same direction for- abo'ut a quarter1 of a inile, when you come on an old track, you ha ve to. follow .this for some three or four miles, when yoti come across a de serted. shepherd's ..hut, -j striking directly; to the right you /cross-two -ranges, one. 01 ( which is?very "Dteepj and, the, gully be yond the second one.is.vho.t in which is the reported lead; The.place is generally known as tlie ''Borambogt! Spring." Of course we only give this information;~for what it may be worth, and trust" our miners will not be' led" by any-rumours they may hear. Should there .be any thing of it, some parties will find out what the locality' is made of. ''•y Tjie fikst Daji.—We hinted .somk tiins ago,. that!we .might expect some thing good®being do.a6 vMi.-iii the winter came on,-wo are „giad to obssrve that the first step lias-been taken towafds"ac compli.shing>?that'object, by a- party a short distance "frdcu Camp-street, .who have commenced the-' construction of a ■dam; We are informed that mmenn'is others are lively soon to Toii >\v l isc- '-'xa-ri ple, and t.hat ere long wo .shall see cxterh sive sluicing operations going,on 011 the Indigo. It is admitled on ail hands that all the holes from the top to the bottom of the lead will pay for ..aiming', arid we really caonotlsee any volsoii-vwhy plenty of water cannot be found, at leist during the winter months. At ail events, we believe it is the intention of sirrie thoroughly practical men tu (e:<t ■whether it c;Th be done or- not, and we. have c'.'.-ry confidence as to the result. A NIGHT CHANGE IN* MAIN-STItEKT. —There is a very perceptible change iri Main- street after twelve o'clock. •Since the night of the murder the miners . ta cjT much more within their :.i.Rts about t.hat hour than they were in the habit of doing before. Gi'ligin, tlu watch man, tvhoie duty it is to be: out the whole of the night, informs us that he can scarcely see a living being on his extensive: beat at one o'clock in the morning. j$rJeretotl>re, he could find hundreds of men strolling and reeling about in all directions, with no earthlj' object that he conld conjecture; hut now, everything" has '.undergone change for the batter, and the whole of the street is as still as if it were situated on t.hc impsrturbed plains of Egypt. The cause doubtless is this,-—that the dreadful' murder lias frightened the whole of our night- walkers, and caused them to h'dc their diminished heads at unseasonable hours. Good is somo times deduced out of evil, and certainly this is one most salutary change which the murder has produced. Ouu Burglaries.—Gilligan,. our. night watchman, is a useful and a clever nvin ; and certainly if it were not for an individual of this kind passing up and down our Main-street, and public tho roughfares at night, we., know not how the inhabitants. would possess their vaiipus properties. T'.vo instances of the activity and usefulness of this func tionary have been report'd to us to- day, and w« record .them with pleasure.' It appears that, as he was going his rounds a few nights ago, he found that the lock had been forced off the door of Graf's, 'Golden Age ' restaurant,-—an establish ment situated a little below Wallace's ' Star. ' The screws of lh*> lock had; been drawn, and the door was wrenched in. Gilligan had passed the concern at four o'clock in the morning, and found everything secure, but, when he re turned in half-an-hour after, he dis covered that the place had been entered, lie aroused the inmates, found that the goods on the premises had been turned over, but that nothing had been ab-. stracted. It is highly probably that, the approach of the watchman disturbed the vagabonds, and prevented a very considerable robbery from being effected.' —The night after some parties Centered ! the ' Sun Hotel, '—an establishment kept by four old friend Mr. Crawford, —and took: away a bag of flour, two hams, and some prime joints.of cooked beefj and roast mutton. Following- the smell of thesn savoury dishes, they ap pear to have found their way into the kitchen,—laid their hands upon every thing the cook had in his charge, and then made their exit• without giving the slightest intimation of the suddenness of their departure. Gallant Defence by the" ;Girls. —On Sunday morning, a rttffian entered Fro.ste's restaurant, at the .lower end of Main-street, ami was stealthily proceed ing round the counter, with the view of robbing the till, when the three or four young ladies belonging to the establish ment, fancying they heard a noise, jumped out of their beds, and armed themselves with certain weapons, in order.to give him a warm Teccptjon.' One of them seized an .old decanter, and another took up a'poker; a third laid hold of an earthenware utensil which must be unmentionable, and thus armed, and in their ^night- dresses, they proceeded into the bar. Terrific, but brief, was the encounter. The, girls rattled at him with a power, that does them infinite credit. The decanter, the wrpeh nuido the whole of tl;o neighbours leap out of" their sleep." The fellow made little of resistance. He was over come so completely by the women that he ran for his life. The money was preserved ; not a shilling was allowed to be taken ; and to-JbeoC three or four young ladies-must, all the credi t b<> given of having gallantly, and gloriously, and magnatiihiouslj^'tlnvenroff the tliief; and preserved their employers', property from'immediate fosS.* ■ ; The.Hero of Delhi.—Under this heading <ths Derby Reporter, states ';hat • Sergeant John- Smuh/ the only dvof oi' the daring band of:five who lortnlised themselves by blowing Cashmere Gate, turnii tititto be. on of".Francis Smith, of Ticknal 1, an old- shoemaker, 83 years of age, who. tfSnftqfc now follow his trade, and ;is ill proyideijA,letter has br on received from Sergeant' Smith; dates j :< Hoorkee^Stli Septempeiy' in which lie narrates in a very modest; manner i,- . ^ - :- ----i0'u"s;8Scape" at tlie Cash :nioro.0fit(^^aflH sjieaks or the' dan^ to which thoseih fedia vtte still'exposed He' incloses nearly £50 ibrjiisf; parents: and sisters.: The writer is hoping fofc a; cpni'niissi on:' He li as been in service 21 years, and 1ms a wife and cliilclreii i a India. Dissecting a- QVac'k<—'t:To puzzle a Philadelphia lawyeiy'is a common saying- with our.transatlantic brethren, but the following- is related of the man-' ner in which one of these gentlemen puzzled a cjuack, who was .bringing' a suit for, medical services." "Counsel : Did you treat the patient dccording to tho most approved rules of surgery ? WitnessCertainly ;■ by' all means I did. Counsel: Did you decapitate lam ?' Witness ^.Undoubtedly iTdid; that was a .matter Vf course. Counsel: Did von perform theCresarian operation upoif him '?• Witness: Why of course,1 his. condition required it, and it was' attended with great success.- Counsel: Did you now, doctor, subject his person to autopsy 1 Witness: Uergiiiilyj- that was tlie best reftiedy I adopted.Counsel : Well, then, doctor, as you flvsi; cut: •off."the' defendant's "head, then ripped; up his body, and afterwards dissected' hiin, and liestill-survives' i?C1 have no more to ask j and if your claim will survive it, your-quackery deserves to be immortal. The Lancashire .Adherents of Mary Queen7' of Scots.—The Lan cashire, Shropshire, and Derby-hire gentlemen were for the most part in Mary's interest, aitd ready to ^ise in her cause, provided foreign troops could be insured to support them. Th;; L'inca-hire gentlemen o>i whoin she principally relied were Sir Thomas Stanley, and Sir Edward Stanley^ the younger sons of the Earl of Derby, Sir Titos. Gerard, and Lord Da die}'. The two Stanleys provided, and long kept a ship at Liverpool for the purpose of transporting her over the seas, either to Scotland, France, Oi' Flanders, ]>ro-_ vided she could be got out of her prison. But whenever she sent to consult Nor folk about it, he invariably represented !£ the great risk she would incur, and his extreme dotibt of her being- able to get out of the realm alive," adding, "that if,she would be quiet and content where she was for a year or two, he doubted not but God would put it into his sovereign Queen Elizabeth's head to deal with her in such a manner as she and her friends should be content." :—Lives of tlu: Qucem of Scotland. Agnes-Strickland. Action against aPolice Officer for False . Imprisonment.—*AJ the Northwich' County Court on Monday, ; Mr. Thomas Barratt, landlord of the White Bear Inn, Widdlewich, claimed P.oO dnma<?es against William Blake, superintendent of police, for false im prisonment. Blnke find a policeman were passing th White Bear about II 30 p.m, on Saturday, the. 1st May. Blake entered the house to see if there were any drunk and disorderly people. As he was leaving', Barret said to him, "We're all sober here." ' Blake replied "Middling," pointing- to a man intoxi cated. Some altercation ensued on the steps at the door (Blake stating- that Barrat was not sober) when Blake tel ling- him to go in, Barratt refused, and either struck or pushed Blake, who thed had him-apprehended and locked up Che whole nig-lit in the lock up. The matter being- represented to Mr.France, the magistrate, he directed Blake iii a letter to release Basrat; which was done on the Sunday morning-. The matter came before the petty sessions, v;hen Mr. Latham, magistrate, said the bench deemed the assaifit proved, and that Barratt was drunk and disorderly ; bub that Blake^had evinced want of discre tion in locking up a householder, who could have been made to appear by summons or warrant in the ordinary way; and therefore the case"was dis missed. The plaintiff denied that he was drunk or disorderly, and alleged that ho had suffered from 'his lodge ment in the cell. The jury gave a ver dict for the plaintiff, damages £20. Photographic Copies of Bank notes Prevented.—-Recently several attempts to counterfeit bank-notes by -means, of photography have been suc cessful,'and this fraud has not been con-' fined to bank notes, other valuable documents having been copied' in a similar manner. • It was thought that this kind of fraud was rendereel impos sible by printing' the"documents referred to in ink of two different colours, so that photography should reproduce them both in black. It was soon found, however, that while black ink, which has carbon fpr its basis, remained unassailable by any chemical re-agent, the ordinary coloured inks could be easily removed from the paper, and a photographic copy then taken of the remainder. A subsequent operation was employed for printing- in the col oured ink .upon this paper, that portion which has boon expunged from; the original. .Jt is obvious, therefore,1 that what was wanted "was. a coloured inlc capable of resisting all chemical agents and this, i1) is said," has been found by Mr. George Matthews assisted by Dr. Sterry Hunt of Montreal, by of ,'lc. fttc -'? into. an ink, lyjOWIl US *' Canada 33anlc note tint," is wsed fov minting- a geometrical design on tlie g-round of the brink-no to, upon which the value and denomination is after wards impressed in black ink in the usual way. The method oi printing ■bank notes is now in extensive use in Canada and the United States. Hie process has been patented in England..,^ —jPhotographic News. : My Fiiist Lock-Up.—Titan for , October contains an amusing. and; ; thoroughly true paper, .f^ledVt:TMy o,; First' Jjock-up," from which we make the following-"" extracts -Tlie Pblicomi'm—Wecameup to asmallknofc.-.• of people looking^ on - with black, faces. , afc.aHydmSh^dii^ra'thG^ii^ ^hom~;. ; i two policemen-oSiccrs I ougat to.-.call? ! ihem—wevc'atte:optin«; to drag- awayvv hi would giitcllv ha^humed p^t; but; "■ tl£0 ^ ^ Ration of thetcinjunfe rTD saw the poliqemSri kick ^iis wretched > 'creatvti'o'j'civtaihly "they dragged her •ctlong/thd''pavement by the arms, and struck her, till slie!rose"upon;"her. feet.. She was intoxicated, I have no; doubt, of It"' She ~may have-been-disorderly , 1 fb? atK'lit '.X knov/ 5 but;, she was a wbmjiiij '8ad my' blo'^d boiled to geef lier-treated>&fce; a Trembling ; with indignation, and nervousness, and : hating .popularity;' La^.'d^n into it liksamotlito the flame, X SydeboJian* ^t, the fiiiiet'man,;gave- vent Jo' ■ i fec&ngfc; and, addressing- the oftice% i said.^—^ Take care. of her, remember I she is a wdr^n/' :" Take that man; nto .custody/' it'iS-s- tba immediate ^answer, and the ne£$ .moment I was ! pinioned bv a third iricrp.ul of tlip. taw. i Tlie Mag-isfcriite.—My case^me on at > I last; and I had the pleasure »?* t,e,in§ {: again put in the dock with thewre^hea ; creature I had i'nfereeded for. _ Snct I was fined five shilling's and dismissed.. | My ease Vas evidently iar fndvt) im i portant. * As the policeman in tlic box: repeated the false account he had given .before the inspector, I considered it due to myself to cross-examine him.; I- had reason to regret this measure. SCirta cim,-' wlio was all politeness at :fira%inteMi])tedme'impatiently. Ho was evideii^y "arfrioyeid at being- kept longer than nocesssry. " If you intend to Se.your own, counsel/' he said, " I •should advise you to seek professional assistance." Of course the policeman I returned aflatclenial to all my questions, and I was about to call my witness when Sting-3m again interfered. 11 On your own admission," he said, "I can 'decide the case. Iam amazed to find that, a maa of your, .cloth." (I looked at my quiet, black frock-coat) " should attempt to rescue the creature at your side, whom you dignify by the name of -woman. I cannot sufficiently re probate your conduct," and so on for some five minutes. I was astonished at the loud tone and empha'ic manner he employed, but I soon perceived ho was sneaking- for the press, represented by two somewhat scrubby gentlemen at inv rio;ht hand. He concluded by fining- me forty shillings; and I loft, the court The same evening I was amused to read a highly coloured account of the proceedings in an even in0* paper, in winch, for .the first time in my life, I was described as a fashionably-attired individual." Wo had a good laugh at home over the whole aifiur.; hat I can assure you thai, if my first lock-up has made me a wiser man", it has also added not a little to the sad view" one is forced sonietiihes to take of human nature, and raised in me a.distrust of the police of wnich I was innocent before. 