ON THE SCIENCE, PBOGBESS, AND. BENEFITS OF SANITASY HE^OBM:. . BeIS&jEXTBACTS.; raOM.A XiECTOBE, USLtV3SfiKD 'AT Beadfoed, on the 4xh Octobsb, 1859, .bepoee the National Association job the Peomotion of SociAi Science, tbt the Hon. W. CJowtee, ?? , «?' ''. .... 3L. -. -.-..-. . \- . ... . THE CASE OF HEALTH. . : Health being a gift of nature a often taken as a. matter of course, but, like other «ach gifts, it will fly Awaydf not jcarefiilly :guarded, and the public 'health jpfa large modern town requires for. its preservation aimost;.the labors of HerevdM. jMan's life., is a strug gle; an3 the'TeTj'wiBtence 'of bis bpdy is the result of an' unceasing 'contest between desbructive and re ;pairing: influences. - - At. every breath 'he exhales, at every action of muscles and of nerves, a portion of his substance wastes away and is cast off, and at er^i-reaihtnat'isdrawn;in 'and everynibuthful that is digested that waste' is repaired and that loss is supplied. Thaiorcestjf nature aiust be directed by his skill, lest tiiey. injure, instead of serving, him. He must never rest in Ms unceasing struggle to over-' come 'the tendency he -finds in everything around -him to'giStTntQ B wrong phwse. Even cleanlinesSi the most obvious of simple duties, -js the result of the never-ending removal of ; impurities. &om; places they 'defile to their proper receptacle, and ]the cleanliness most important to health is just that which is least regarded— cleanliness of the air that is breathed. The most refined persons, who would indignantly refuse to enter a room with soiled walls, and muddy floor, and dirty 'company, sit complacently in bait rooms' and theatres where every one is breathing impure air, soiled with file fames of gas or wax can dlesj and with other, pernicious exhalations.. The impurities in which they are steeped are disregarded because they are not visible, and people who are most particular about -the materials of their dinner cannot spare a thought tor wiiat, they are breathing ; and yet one is.no less important than the other. The accurate fitting of modern houses leaves few 'crevices for the passage of air, and builders are well satisfied when they have prevented any escape of air, except up the chimney. But the Jaw of expansion by heat has pro vided that vitiated breath shall rise towards the great ocean of air rolling for a height of 50 miles above us, in' which all impurities are lost by dilution ; but our. impervious ceilings stop the intended, ascent, and drive down the cooled .carbonic acid gas to be again inhaled sfith injurious , result. But a Jiole in the ceil ing and a hole in the wall, permitting the natural movement of air, makeB nature our friend again, in stead of our- enemy. j : and if we take ;the precaution ,pf admitting the. external air by a channel passing round the back pt the 'fireplace our current of air' flows in warm, inBtead' of -cold. ?????. ?'?:?,.-. .???.H.:-.:- ..: .= :-? .?-...- . : j.. ' . rWAXBE SUTPIIT ASD EIVEE8. ... . Water brought from rivers or wells for distribution .through a town should, after passing through the houses, complete its sanitary course by washing the refuse into the earth, and ultimately regain its original purity by percolating into the river or spring. At Rugby and at Watford this law of nature is strictly observed; an apparatus of pipes and hose conveys the liquid sewage from the streets to the farm, which' it irrigates wilii. profit. Butintiie case of large towns where the drains carry away a great bulk of. water and gravel from the surface drainage, and*where irrigation is not in request, this natural method is inapplicable. The most tempting arrangement is at once to convey all into the nearest river, and these outrages against the. purity of rivers that ought to be the pride and pleasure of towns are' everywhere at tempted to be perpetrated. The Thames, being the thoroughfare of literary as well as business men, and having on its -banks, within reach of every wMff of odoiir, the Houses of Parliament, has found conpe ;tent 'defenders,' and has by Act of Parliament been deelared;eieinpt from the filthy task of receiving the contents of the. sewers, and is hereafter to become a -river again, inatead of a gigantic drain. Bat the Medlock, at Manchester, and numberless rivers of other towns, large aud email, still want defenders, and it is necessary -to declare and Tnwinhftin that the cleausing of bouses and streets must' not lead to the pollution pf rivers. ? '? ; . ? '::;. ? ' . m/ - / ? !..-?? ., THE. SCONCE OF SASTCA.TION. Sanitary science ' is still in its infancy, for, though rules for health, were inculcated at least as long ago as the times of Moses and of Hippocrates, yet it is only within a few years' that discoveries in chymistry, im provements in mechanics; 'and the collection of vital statistics have enabled this subject to be treated *cien tifieally. It is not very long since men. became aware titatthe air we breathe is as much a material sub stance as the food we eat and the water -we drink, consisting of the same elements' in different combina tipnfi,and equally capable of conveying poleons. The recent discovery of ozone, and the slight knowledge we yet possess of the meaning of its presence or ab sence, is an indication of how much has still to be learnt about the composition of the air.- A deeper acquaintance with the processes of decomposition and fermentation is greatly desired. IV. THE HIOEOSCOPE IN SANITATION. The microscope is revealing regions as astounding and as interesting as any (hat the telescope can un fold. Not only 1b it useful in tracing the hidden incitements to disease,' bat it is winning its' 'way to the witness-box. Every purchaser of, eatables that may be adulterated — and into what articles of food has not perverse -and dishonest ingenuity found some means of adulteration ?— -ought to hare within1 reach some analysts to whom, be might refer for an autho ritative decision, onj the genuineness of the articles offered for sale. I don't care much about penalties if only fraudulent admixtures could be exposed. Let the public know from authority' that the Cayenne pepper sold at a particular shop is coloured with red lead, and the green pickles with copper; that the loaf, which to the naked eye seems made of the best and purest wheat flour, owes its whiteness to the: alum, which gives a fine appearance to damaged and unnutritious flour ; and that the beer which seems so strong has been diluted with water, then strengthened -with narcotic drugs and ealted, so as to increase the. thirst it seems to quench, and the public may safely be left to itself.- When the snare becomes visible to the»bird, the fowler will have but an empty bag ; and, if the purchaser could be enabled to see with the eyes of the analyst, everything necessary would be accomplished for his protection. V. SL4UXT EXEECIBES. Some invigorating and manly exercises are needful for the health and recreation of men who are em ployed in sedentary ' or monotonous occupations. Gymnastic grounds have been established near Prim rose-hill, in London, and also in Liverpool by the munificence -of -an individual. . The pastimes of races, running, in .sacks, and dancing, which are being re vived at harvest homes and similar gatherings, show that the universal taste for trials of strength, and for humorous games is not wanting even to this grave generation j and the success which has attended the revival of old English sports at Wenloek, under the name of Olympian games, is very encouraging. Every town should have its parka, where the population may disport themselves on holydays and Sundays, and get health as well as' recreation . from the beauties of nature. VI. IMPEOVEO B.ECOBDS WASTES. ? 'Comprehensive and at the same time minute re cords of the number and causes of sickness and death are absolutely necessary : for a sure and steady ad vance on this, subject. The. official 6upply of statistics, which is quite accurate as to numbers, is at' present insufficient for our purpose. The registra tion districts are not' set out with any view to pro--, duce vital statistics, but simply follow the subdi visions1 required for Poor Law relief. They are not coincident with the limits of any sanitary jurisdic tion, and do not separate people according to the -conditions or occupations we desire to compare ; so that in local or detailed inquiries the Begistrar General's reports will often not. avan. . An improve ment in the registration of the causes of : death is urgently needed,, and there is no reason why it should be combined with the registration of marriages ; but i^should be placed as far as possible in the hands of medical men. We want a registration of sicknesses that do not terminate fatally. The easiness with 'which 'this might'be procured is shewn by the weekly publication of illnesses occurring in the public estab lishments of the metropolis, which was for some months' published by the General Board of Health froth information gratuitously supplied by. the medical officers of health of -the metropolis. But though the returns of mortality are not as complete as inight be desired, yet, under the 'able interpretation of Dr. Parr, they give us , broad . and intelligible results. In -fiYfng the turn to which we should direct our efforts it is desirable to ascertain as far as we can the proportion of the annual mor tality which is preventable by means within our reach. YU. \- 'THE DEATH-BATHS W TOWS AHD COTIHTET. It is estimated that, if all' the population were living in healthy condition, and life were only termi nated by natural 'decay, the ordinary age at' which men and women would depart would be 80\. But it is more important to know that in 64 out of 628 registration districts the average annual death rate is less than 17 in 1,000 persons living. These dis tricts are salubrious in their natural features, and their population, amounting to 1,000,000, are chiefly employed in agriculture ; but, on the other hand, the .cottages are exposed to many of the evilB that we most denounce;' they are not model districts, but they are districts from which the chief evils -we are' ' seeking to -remove ? are : absent, and thev furnish a fair practical, standard of what is possible to' attain.; While, then, persons die ait the rate of 17 in 1,000 .in these standard districts, above 32 in 1,000 die on the average of all England, and 36 in the worst urban district ; .and as 419,815 persons died in 1857, if the -mortality of the rest of ^ngland had been no greater *hanit-ftsin these'64 districts, '91,652 lives would have been preserved in that year. The light we now possess is sufficient to prove .the startling fact, that in England -alone ..a-, hecatomb of victims, at least 100,000 of our people,, axe. 'being, annually, sacrificed to ignorance or disregard to .the laws of health, and that in addition to these 100,000 deaths, far more than a million of ? persons u are -suffering from serious illness . from ' the same cause. Dr. Greenhow has extracted from the general returns the mortality occurring from diseases which .prevail under those evil conditions of . life which ^are jnqst within tiie power of the community to remove. These 'sre^-l, typhoid fevers 2- diarrhosal diseases j 3j pul monary affectioiu ; % contagious diseases of chudren, consisting of scarlatina, measles, and ' whooping cough'; and, 5, the nervous diseases of infants. On comparing the mortality of districts at the top and bottom of the 'scale of health it appears that the difference between them, is nearly equal to that mortality which occurs exclusively from ; the five classes of disease thus selected - — : ' AVERAGE MOBTAUTT TO 1,000 UVDfa. . ' . Exclusive Total' Preventible of those Diseases. Diseases. ' tn selected rural districts 16 ... B ... 11 \- Bnglaudand Wales — 23 - ._ . ? . -12 ? 11 ~ London .« ? 27 '... 16 ... 11 Birmingham ._ ... 27 ... 16 _.: -11 Leeds ... ? 31 -. . 20 ... 11 Manchester ? 31 ... ; -22- ... 12 .-.:? Iivierpool District .». 3t ... 25 ... 12 Prom which, it appears that if the. excessive mortality from these more.preyentible diseases could be reduced everywhere to ttie WmonixE ' 'which' is ' fouiid in these selected rural districts, one half the deaths in England would ' be prevented, and -two thirds of the deaths in the district at the bottom of the scale.. I .think no one will deny that the prevalence' and fatality'of these five classes of disease could be cheeked by the ener getic ' employment of - comprehensive sanitary measures. . Typhoid fever has its home in ill-drained places, and requires for an . ally some impurity in the air. It never springs up in the homes of the wealthy, though it sometimes invades them by means of con tagion. The nature and locomotion of the cholera poison has. not yet been discovered, but all experience shows that only amid .the. decomposition of organic substances can it . develop its crushing power and acquire its full virulence. vni. INFANT MOETAT.TTY. In Mr. Simon's report to the Board of Health in 1858 it is stated that every year more than 23,000 children under 5 years of age die of inflammation of the respiratory organs, besides nearly 4,000 whose deaths are attributed to phthisis ; and these 27,000 deaths are so unequally distributed that . the corres ponding death rate, in. proportion to the infantine population,* ranges from 213 in the healthiest district of England to ^897 in the unhealttuest. The acute non- infectious diseases, which hold their chief sway in -towns, and especially in large manufacturing towns, destroy annually 72,000 young children, and the death-rate they produce in one urban district is seven times- as great as in the moat healthy rural districts. ; IX. . SANITABT BEDEMPTION. Statistical' records tell us not duly of the fearful penalty we are paying in the lives and comfort of our people by the breach of sanitary taws, hut also of the lives that have been saved and the strength that has been preserved by the practical application1 of sanitary scienee. Returns from 19 towns in which drainage works have been executed under the Public Health Act. show that the mortality, which previous to those sanitary measures averaged 28 in 1,000, fell after them to -21 in 1,000 ; and as these towns contained a popu lation of 468,000, the saving amounted to 3,200 lives Annually. Cray don is one of the most instructive cases. Tubular drainage was. adopted there at a. moment when the controversy respecting that ' system was raging,- and grave mistakes having been- made in the application of the plan, Croydon became, a battle field for the contending parties. Commissioners -in- quired, heavy bluebtw^s were published, and all the circumstances of the place have been minutely inves tigated' and recorded. Dr. Carpenter gave at our meeting last year a summary of the results, showing Croydon to be one of the healthiest towns in the kingdom. . Notwithstanding an . imperfection which still exists in the outfall of the drains, the cleansing ' of the town, the : rapid removal of the sewrage, and the supply of pure water have diminished the zymotic diseases to such an extent that the death-rate, which in 1848 was 2816, was in the first half of the present year only 1575, and, comparing the mean of five years before the works came into complete action, and that of five years after, the death-rate is found to have fallen from 2* to 22*9 — an annual saving of 196 lives. - The outlay, too, has been compensated by such corresponding diminution of expense that the total -amount paid in rates is only 4s. lid., while the average of other neighboring towns is 5s. 9d. Brad ford furnishes a striking example of improvement. The death-rate, which, on the average of five years previous to 1853, was 28}, has been reduced on the average of the last five years to 22 in 1,000. Liverpool, about which much controversy has been excited, owing to the different boundaries included in different calculations, has obtained a reduc tion of the death rate of the municipal area -from 39 to 27 in - 1,000 by the expenditure of three and a quarter millions of monej during the last 11 years. In Gloeester the death-rate has been reducted from 27 to 24. The death-rates of large towns are in fluenced by such various and fluctuating ^ircum stances that they afford only broad approximations to the conclusions we wish to attain ; but in the accurate and well-understood records of public estab lishments we find safe materials for the construction of sanitary standards.' In Combe's work on Phy siology it is stated that 100 years ago, when the pauper infants of London were received in work houses, and brought up amid impure air and with unwholesome treatment, not above 1 in 24 lived to be'ayear old, so that out of 2,800 received into them 2,690 died ; but when the conditions of health came to be better understood, an Act of Parliament was obtained obliging the parish officers to send the in fants to the country', and this frightful mortality was reduced to 450, instead- of upwards of 2,000. The large establishment for pauper children at Norwood used a few years ago to be ravaged by epidemics, and to suffer a high rate of average mortality. The sanitary arrangements that have been adopted have reduced the average death-rate to 20 in 1,000, which is one-third or one-half of what prevails among the classes from whom they are drawn who have not the benefit, as it is in this instance, of becoming paupers, and neither typhoid fever nor measles have ever originated in the new building. In the district school of the Stepney Union the death-rate has fallen to 17 in 1,000. The military school at Chelsea affords a striking example of the results ol sanitary improvements. Dr. Balfour improved the ventilation, apportioned the diet more judiciously and secured opportunities for cold bathing, and by such measures has succeeded in reducing the mortality, which on an average of 10 years had been 9*5 per 1,000, to 4*8 per 1,000 on an average of eight years, and the number reported unfit for military ser vice from strumous and other diseases, has baen re duced from an average of 12*4 to 46 per 1,000. Prisons afford, perhaps, the clearest proof of the results of sanitary care. The best medical directions are strictly enforced, and, notwithstanding the- de pression of mind from confinement and conscious ness of guilt, the effects of careful diet and ventilation are such as to raise the average exemption from disease to a much higher point than prevails among persons of .the same class in the enjoyment of their freedom. The annual report of the Brixton prison says that, -though the needlewomen of the city of London died at the annual rate of 34 in 1,000, the female prisoners in this prison, who were healthy on their admission, died during the same period at the annual rate of 136 in 1,000, and iu 1858 at the rate of 8 in 1,000. In Pentonville the death-rate is only one-third of what it is among the same class at the same ages in large towns. But statistics, clearly as they speak to the mind, do not reach the heart, and draw no tear from toe eye. One personal visit to the single room with, stained walls and sickening smells, where a whole family swarm for bare shelter, inhaling sickliness at every breath, drinking green and stagnant water, and j swallowing damaged food, will stir up a more fierce and indignant desire to come to the rescue and do battle on their behalf than the largest array of incon trovertible figures. X. THE DWELLINGS OF THE POOH. To our grief and shame be it spoken, thousands of our fellow -subjects both in villages and towns are actually at the present moment living in rooms which, according to any proper standard of whole someness, self-respect, and decency, are utterly uufit for the habitation of civilized Christians. I am con fident there is no other way in which so extensive, rapid, and certain a benefit could be conferred upon the poor- as by the improvement of their dwellings. Think only of the difference on jthe whole' moral being between a mere restnig-placelbr one's degrada tion, a place obscure enough, to. hide the blush of shame at entering it, and s. decent dwelling, which, however humble and unadorned, has yet the honest gratification and the blessed and peaceful associations connected with a home. The family life is a strong safeguard of virtue, but its efficacy is gone, and its sweetness turns to bitterness, when- it has to be carried on in thf hideous den of a back slum.' The evils which are ?shortening the days, enfeebling the vigour, and destroying the comfort of our people, are deeply rooted and widely spreading, but : cannot dis courage those, who are in earnest to uproot them. We see our way, we know the means, we only want courage and perseverance to employ ' them. We want co operating action in the different spheres, of individual influence, local government, and .general polities. Individuals of education and leisure, should explain the laws of health to their less educated neighbours. Those who are uv the habit of visiting the poor can be very useful by supplying whitewash aad brushes, so jthat they may oleanse their own rooms without the dreaded necessity of calling in the plasterer. -They may suggest modes of ventuation, and afford guidance in the selection of economical and nutritious diet, and' in simple and ' appropriate cookery. In the useful details of domestic hygiene women are the bost teachers, and it is gratifying to know that in London female visitors are disseminating such physical in struction at the same-time that they are fawphmg the Bible. The rudiments of physiology, and 'anatomy, and bygiology, ought to form part of education, parti cularly in girls' schools; for until wives, 'mothers, and servant maids understand the rules of health and something of their meaning, our object can never 'tie accomplished. Many things which appear trifling in themselves are, in this point of view, of great im portance. XL / MDSICIPAI; BE&TTLATlOlfS.; It is very recently that it h«g generally- been admitted that for the proper government of a town its authorities must be armed with sanitary powers. The common law promises redress for ehymical as well as mechanical injuries, and will prescribe the abatement of everything, Jthat can be proved to be s nuisance. But as the cleanliness of a town requirss co-Qperatiun, the ruling body must take the direction, if govern ment is maintained for the protection of persons and property from breaches ot the law, why may it not protect from breaches of sanitary laws the fives of those subject to its authority, and health, which is the capital and stock in trade of the labourer ? The local authority must in all towns, be charged with jurisdiction over the air, and be responsible for fee venting its purity- from being unnecessarily defiled. The expenses of a Local Act have become unneces sary, and the ample powera.of the Public ?'HWi.fl Act and the Local Government Act may be adopted with out expense, and to such an extent only as may be suitable to the circumstances of the place. Scarcely any performance of duty is more worthy of respect than that of a man who lores not municipal contests or parish debates, but submits to much that is repugnant to his tastes for the great purpose of pre serving the lives and health, of his fellow-citizaas. The chief stumbling-block in the way of improvement is the superficial and ignorant view so often taken of economy. Bates that are paid are very palpable, but rates that are saved require faith to discern. But it is easy to demonstrate to any one who trSbiisten that the refusal of rates for effective drainage and water supply is as extravagant in finance as ft is heartless in feeHng. Fevers are knows to spend their greatest virulence on men in the prime of life, and the extra vagance of permitting widows aud orphans to become chargeable on others is as great as allowing the loss of strong and skilled workmen. in. THE 'AGITATIOH' HOST 'WANTED. Many agitations hare been set on loot which have come to nought because not founded on what the rest of the community have admitted to- be wisdom sod justice. But there is an agitation which. I belkve would be successful — an agitation for the essentials of a healthy existence. A cry for a new charter might succeed, and certainly would not be treated with ^iafjgi^ if the five pointsof that new charter were to be pure air, pure water, good drainage, unaduhe rated food, and open spaces for exercise. Such a cry as this would rally together all those who, however they may differ in party polities, are agreed respecting the brotherhood of a common hnmanityv and whose heart's desire is to see no, one- wanting the sample necessaries of a healthy life. ? xm. THE IHTTT OF THE 3TAXK. 'And now I come to the part which should devolve upon the Queen's Government ia the general e#c-rt for the sanitary improvement of the people. There are some who would exclude this altogether frem the functions of Government, just as there are some wIjo contend that the Government is- the only body in the country that should be debarred from promoting edu cation, or the teaching of religion. But ToluEtaryisax in pestilence and plague has not yet been, erected into a conscientious -doctrine, nor have the oppo nents' of compulsory cleanliness declared them selves to be the party for eirt. But if any one should persist in asserting that the Govern ment has no call to meddle in ? this matter, I ask what notion of government have they farmed co exclude it from all consideration of 100,000 premature aud preventable deaths, and of above 100,000,000 serious preventable illnesses, and of the moral as well as physical degradation and misery thateosuea? The State has a direct interest in guarding against a de terioration of our race. .The English workman is the best in- the world ; the British soldier has never crossed bayonets with his equal ; but the crowding of populations in large towns without efficient sanitary provisions, and the want of prudent regulations in many occupations, have an undoubted tendency to enfeeble our people. The day cannot be far distant when the improvements in steam will expose our island to that which every Continental country has endured — a struggle for life or death, with a foreig i invader on our own soil ; and our national glory, anil possibly our national existence, may depend on the uudinunished vigour and boldness of our men. I can have no apprehension about the result j but 1 wish to keep in mind that the physical strength, the health'.* frames, and the contentment of the people are no slight elements of our Tmfcirmi^ greatness ; and I ana confident that in the «nlightfl«Tn«nfc and right feeling of the present generation we shall find a hearty re spouse when we declare that the public health is of fundamental importance, and demands the coopera tion of every one who can give a helping hand ia every class from the lowest to the highest in the land. X1T. THE PIONEERS OF THE XOTK3CEST. It is no small help tome, in presiding over this de partment, to have the support of so many of those who have taken the earliest and moat prominent part in instructing the public mind upon matters relating to the public health. Close to me sits Dr. Sonthwood Smith, who first expounded clearly th» connexion between the prevalence of fever and the absence of drainage, and who for so many years has devoted the energies of his benevolent mind to the exposition ci sanitary truth ; Mr. Edwin Chadwick, to whom we are indebted for those comprehensive and detailed reports, which formed the lever by which the public mind was first moved ; Mr. Sinoox, whose admirable reports to the City of London furnished inodela for that species of literature, aad whose untiring and fruitful labors in his official capacitv ws*caaa-ot esti mate too highly or acknowledge too' thankfully — Dr. Fair, whose magical mastery over figures in. analyz ing, combining, and abstracting, forcing them to speak out the truth, has popularised statistics and in vested them with a living interest, — sad our noble President, the Earl of Shaftesbary, who, directing the Board of Health during the cholera epidemic, ex hibited the practical sagacity and self-denying seal by which he set a bright example in so many branches of practical benevolence. AsTiLXE&r; Pbacticb. — The Adelaide Artil lery Company met for jractice on Thursday afternoon, on the Park Lands iu front of the Armoury, in pre sence of a considerable number of spectators. The Company consists of very fine men, many of them gentlemen occupying influential and honorable posi tions in the city, and, arrayed in TumAmmo uniform, | presented a vary military and imposing spectacle. Under the excellent drill of Sergeani-AEajor Hunt, the evolutions were executed with military precision, and the guns fired with a' rapidity hardly to be expected from any but soldiers of the line, who would, if present, have been surprised at' the aptitude of previStsljc un practised civilians in acquiring the art of varfiire. On Thursday afternoon, several salutes were fired with tolerable- promptitude, although we were informed, not so successfully as on some previous-occasions. We under stand that the Artillery Company will fire the salutes at Glenelg, on the day of the Regaita^ It has been said that the removal of the guns to the Bay for thisjturpose will cost the sum of JJ20, which expense would oe an ^nfein tax upon the gallant Artillery corps, who have expressed their willingness to give then* services on the occasion. The presence of the Artillery at the Regatta will be a great addition to the pleasant excitements of the day, and the Committee would sorely, be able to defray the cost of transport of the guns and appendages. Tha Artillery Company, besides meeting daily Sir the prac tice of gunnery, proceed to Bditcham twice a week for rifle practice, so that probably they are not only a very important, but a'so the most industrious arm of the serncs. Chbistmas Ast Uhion. — We perceive by an advertisement that Mr. Hill's Art Union Exhibition is now open to view at Mr. Duryaa'g room's, in King William- street. We are informed that he has had nearly. 30 original pictures contributed by resident artists. He deserves great credit for his attenjpt to establish something like a market value for works of art in the colony, and more especially is his effort praiseworthy in that he proposes to deal with the pictures contributed in a spirit of fairness and impartiality. The exhibition, although not a very extensive one, i» worthy of a visit, and lovers of art will find many object* to admire in tha collection. Confirmation. — On Thursday, the Catholic Lprd Bishop of Adelaide^Dr. Qeoghegan, assisted by the Revs. Messrs. Smyth, Russell, and Maurice, celebrated Mass at the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier, and ad ministered the Holy Communion to 150 persons, after which he preached a very eloquent sermon on 'The Seven Gifts of the Holy Ghost,' from Isa. xi., 3, 3, viz. : — Wisdom, Understanding, Counsel, Fortitude, Knowledge, Piety, and the Fear of the Lord. At the conclusion His Lordahip administered the rite of con firmation to~l61 persons of both saxes. . Icb. — We understand that Mr. Sinnett, who -has purchased the patent tight for South Australia o the celebrated ice-making machinft invented bv Mr. Harrison, of Geekmg, will have bis working araaratus erected in a week or two, and that he will be then enabled to supply foe to the public at something like twopence per Ib. ; so that this wholesome hrxary will be placed within toe reach of every houi^heldfir in the city. With such a luxury at command, no onfl need be without a cool draught on some of. the very sultry mornings which yet await ih before the summer is over. The immense captiBiljtifiB of Mr. Harrison's manfaiiwH have already been noticed in -the. newspapers, bat it may be well to state- that we understand Mr. Sinnett expects to be able .to manufacture not lass than six tone of ice daily , a foantity more than Bufncjeat &r; the wants of thewhole colony. ,Slade v. Hktwood. — We regret in our re port' of this case, as tried in th« Adelaide Local Court of Full Jurisdiction, on Wednesday, the *lst mat., our reporter inadvertently represented tke judgment as being for th» plaintiff, whereas it was for $bje-fefend»nt. » - ? ? - ^_ / .-__??? . - : ? .4 ' . 