"EXPLORING EXPEDITION: (South Australian Register.) TrfU ba glad to know that the Ourreadercwn^ ^ b ^ ^ ^ to pass P^rdetermined effort being made ^Ihc ^rkof exploration between tins P ,et the north-west coast. It is already co l f S tot Mi- Stuart left Adelaide a fort- "'irXce for the purpose of resuming Ous mii-k - but we are informed that on lie was still at Mount Remarkable, however, Mr Tolmer lias b p 1,1 1,1s I) reparations, and there LS still a j,fs getting the start of his rival .wvel contest. He lias now, after great i n Jr worided lumsclf with just sufficient ^ fav ^"enterprise before him. He has f S what appears to be a veiy efficient party, f 0 TlXe tlie cnd of tlie week there is eyeiy 3 Ttn expect that his expedition will be ou its'wav to the interior. Great dif- Sr as we have said, has been encountered ^Mr Tolmer in raisin^fuads for Jus expedi- • imt this we believe has arisen chiefly from ^movements not having been sufficiently JP known As it is, however, he has suc- ™ m;ikiiig up a list of subscribers which .irkes a large number of influential names, c 0 7|,'sbesides obtained from the Government istance quite as valuable to him as money, f reference to the latter point, as it is desirable ;^tthe connection of the Government with " i should not be misunderstood, '^^^oiaaletter-oii the subject written- by the of Crown Lands to Mr Tolmer, Ji answer to one from himself:— prawn Lands and Immigration ^Office, Adelaide, August 24, 1859. tnk dav requesting an order to receive out of •^m'ment stores the articles of equipment iSoaedm your letter of the 11th inst.to ^ vou ill fitting out an expedition to cross •^"continent to the north-west coast In reiilv, I beg to inform you that, as I underpin A it to'be part of your scheme that Goverii- S should send a vessel round to tle no.th- !St coast to meet your party on arrival there, T do not feci disused to advise the Governnit either to incur the serious expenses con- ®uellt on charteiing a vessel for this purpose, nr to lend you anv surplus stores, until 1 am fwnWied with such detailed information in reference to the numbers,' organization, and equipnrnt of your party as will enable the Government to satisfy themselves that in these respects See easts u3 hindrance to a reasonable prospect of vour success, and that the lives of the {^"arenot rashiy periled. f£ipinformation Hie information I li request is to the following effect Leader of the party, name of; strength of do. panics and duties of each member of do. Xiuabcr of horses. Detailed list of provisions, medicines, and. medical comforts, arms, and ammunition, tents, means of carrying water, instruments, and all the other equipments, inclusive of horseshoes, ic. proposed point of departure from settled dist t prop9sed point of arrival on north-west Mist; when the vessel should be in waiting for vou ; 'when you will be prepared to start. " Bv.wliat signals you propose to communicate *ith the vessel on the north-west coast. I am, fcc., William Milne. To this letter Mr Toliner replied in a manner satisfactory to the Government, as they at once agreed to furnish him with such articles _ of equipment as were left from the last exploring sedition, and at the proper time to send a TSSCI round to the north-west coast This arrangement was made about six or eight days aace, and in the meantime, Mr Tolmer has been actively obtaining funds, and organising his jiartv. His means, as we have intimated, are not so large as they ought to be, considering the natnre of the expedition which is to be undersell, and we therefore trust that as Mr Tolmer iamsdf cannot leave town till Friday, the public irill not let slip the opportunity; of adding to tie names already on the subscription list Tie main body of the party will stort either loir or to-morrow, but they are not sufficiently ponded with horses. " We are sure, however, thai the people of this colony will not permit them to venture upon this hazardous enterpise mthout the ordinary means of safety and access It would be another matter if the expedition were still a question of doubt, People miit then hold aloof But the party have terained on the undertaking, and they will aart with their present provision should it not ie father augmented. The following are the names of the party:— Mr Tolmer, leader ; J.J. Browne, (late chief officer of the Wee Tottie), assistant; D. Hermit, collector and botanist; B. Shaw (formerly of the police), F. Litchfield (son of the late Captain Litchfield), Trigger, Varley, and Robson. Twenty-four horses are required, and of these Mr Tolmer has got sixteen ; the remainder he hopes to procure from settlers between Adelaide and the outskirts of the settled districts. Seven months' provisions will be taken, 100 sets of horse-shoes tipped with steel, three tents, astronomical instruments, medicines, and all other obtainable things usually taken on an expedition of the kind in question. - THE CASINOS OF CAUFOHNIA.—A. ball-room, heroine, a Creole from New Orleans^ was stabbed in the shoulder by a jealous Onlaa. Tie doctor was called upon to .attend the beautiful bul now blaspheming vixen, who between tk sharp stitches of his suture-neadte, cursed eltemately her rival and her Adams' revolver thathadhung fire." The wound was healed,birt m author was no.-physician, to so bad ammd as that of the Creole-.Tengeful spitfire, who had fcareelv-escaped frbjn his hands, when atadiskrelled masked ball,- she struck her Chilian tnemv a fatal blow with a bowie-knife. Introduced by this adventure to the oi^ies of the place, Dr Palmer soon leamedaad witnessed the incidents of "The Fate of the Farieighs." Amid the levels he detected a tall and . singularly pacefol young English woman, who seemed strangely out of place there, and hopelessly wretched—who moved in the dance, grave, pal^ and abstracted, wish no apparent interest tn it or consciousness of it " How like the very ghost of a bacchanal, with her motions merely, but not emotions, she flung herself into the brave abandon oftheSpanish dance, flashing her soft, white shoulders, beautifully balancing her penale arms, proudly careering her conquering neck." This woman, a refuse from the English home of her husband and from the society of h« acquaintances, had come " to -see-her. fete out; to dazzle and dance her life away, in all the radenessofOalifomian adventure.- Het proud spirit, however, remained to Jier, and when her she found Ms approach intolerable. Whether it ^as a sense of injury,or of remorse, she «nly flamed with passion. But "this was but for a moment.; soon she " turw4 ashen . pak, fith a deep, dahgeroufe, and despairing hate, her health and beauty departed at once ; arsenic •ras attempted, but the doctor came just in time to pump it-up - but, impatient for, the end, the ®qiid-soon came, and her jcorpse Was recovered w>m the river. The most .interesting 'circum" Hancej which. , proves how curiously .goodness r «™iis to be stated. * She left to iler soil, the oftpring of her msmiage, a large legacy; -which she lad industriously hoarded, signing "the 'wi^ "ta her assftned came and a fearful appends^ —" Lucv Masoiv the lost"— " Bomantu; Aspect difoniia and India." iti Knidterbotker. A fist, .of a kind never previously.known on" ™s coast was caugfct off Portland 'Ba& on *™sday fagt It was of the cod genus, covered scales, and-was of an excellent flavor. u .measured four feet as inches in lengthj.aad *®^oMfortyrseven a»d a-half pounds. Ifseapsmng -n-er^ followed in a spirited manner, there 13 v eiy little doubt but that our coast would Prove to be as well provided with the finny ffloe as is that of England. 