HYSTERIA AND REVIVALS. I was myself present, in a Presbyterian Meet ing house at a prayer, offered with the most frenzied excitement and gesticulations, that God would then and there descend and strike all the unconverted to the earth. That prayer was accompanied throughout by a storm of cries and groans, and exclamations and aniens, all having the true hysteric sound. This was the most frightful scene I have witnessed in my life ; at the awful moment of the command to the Almighty to come down and strike, it was perfectly terrific. No such scene could be per mitted in any Bedlam on earth. Presence at such a prayer could be redeemed from guilt only by the purpose of warning. I have many ter rible recollections of life, but this prayer is the most frightful of them all. There can be no doubt that in the places of. worship which have become famous through their hysterical cases, or in which hysteria is prayed lor, the production of it is an object de sired and aimed at in the preaching. One sermon which I heard impressed me forcibly with the conviction that the preacher had carefully studied how hysteria might be pro duced. An account may be as instructive to others as that sermon was to me. The preacher's natural qualifications ap peared to be but small. His manner was cold, dry, unimpassioned. His voice was naturally good, and, like his action, appeared to have been carefully studied ; his tones were un natural, as if the peculiar cry of hysteria had been taken as a model. He did not appear possessed either of intellectual or sympathetic power. He reminded me of Feuchtersleben's description of hysterical men — ' for the most part effeminate.' It was on the parable of Dives and Lazarus. There was nothing of the love of Christ, nor of the guilt of sin ; there was nothing to awaken conscience ; hell, h-e-11, h — e — 11 — was the one cry, and the sole object aimed at was to produce a sensation of intensified torture, or physical Belf feeling. Remarkable as this sermon was for the paucity and smallaess of ideas, it could not be wholly without ideas, but passages were. After the part above described came a passage in which ' the existence of Dives,' and ' endless duration,' were put together, repeated again, transposed, reverse-'!, inverted with infinite va riety and art, until nothing in the nature of an idea to occupy the mind remained — nothing but the prolongation of the physical self feeling of agouy. This part of the surrnon b truck me as the most labored and studied piece of composi tion I ever . listened to. T lie skill shown in the wording was great, and the whole object of the study appeared to be the elimination of evey idea or thought. It was evidently here the chief labor of preparation had been be stowed ; and it was precisely here, where every idea had disappeared, that the preacher be stowed the whole force of voice, aud tone, und gesture — a fact which I had observed in other ?ermons before. Accustomed to reflect on every intellectual excitement, and every true emotional feeling by which hysterical action can bo counteracted, I had sat down to watch and track the process by which hysteria can be produced. Precisely iis I expected, when all sense and meaning was gone, the preacher had his base and unmanly triumph in evoking a wild and long continued scream of hysteric agony, which, as it rose more loud and thrilled more wild, did effectually silence the preacher, and :eft him standing in his pulpit with a most self satisfied air, until her removal enabled him to proceed. That thrilling cry of agony — that cold-blooded outrage upon the moral nature of woman — did awaken in me the strongest feeling of indigna tion that has ever filled my breast. The preacher, before giving out his text, re quested that if any cases occurred, the congre gation would be quiet, and leave it to the office bearers of the church, who had made full pre paration for their reception. While the preacher was urging, wkh the pointingof the hand before described, 'Your case is as bad as hell can make it,' a poor girl cried and fell. In reprov ing the excitement which followed, the preacher said, ' God is doing His work in that indi vidual.' When the sermon closed, I obtained ad mission to the room to which this girl had been carried, pursuant to the arrangements an nounced by the preacher. The room wag small, md very narrow and stifling — no air, no water was there. A more pitiable sight I never saw. This girl vas about fifteen years of age, or, perhaps, a /ear or two older ; her frame was weak and thin, her small hands stained and ground with hard work, her skin delicate and transparent, her hair ind eyelashes long and dark, her neck marked with scrofula, with a highly intellectual face, seldom seen in her class of life, except in weakly girls, and now made painfully interest ing by the unearthly expression of cataleptic hysteria ; every movement of the head and hands, every expression of the countenance, every moan was markedly hysterical. She had previously been struggling and screaming ; she was now quiet, her lips sometimes nioving but inaudibly ; she had spoken of the devil catching souls to throw them into hell, crying, 'Away ! you shan't have mine — just the last impression made upon her failing mind. I learned that this was the third attack that this poor girl had had in a short time, each being more severe than the former ; so readily does the habit grow. I could have wept to see this sad disease superadded, in the name of religion and the Holy Ghost, to a poor weak frame, a scrofulous habit; and a life of toil. She was seated on a form, reclining in the arms of a coarse young man, about twenty years of age. lie was no relation of hers, being|ignorant of her name or residence. He seemed employed for the purpose, and related with apparent glee that before we came in, it had taken all his strength to hold her in her struggles.. In this small room, and gathered closely around her, were eight or ten young women, some of whom (perhaps all) had lately been hysterical, and two or three young men (not related to her), of whom one at least had been hysterical too.- No elderly woman was there, nor any elderly man, except one who came in once or twice for a few minutes during the hour we remained there. Just opposite, and touching her, sat a girl t who had gone through the same kind of conver sion two days before, and was now crying hy sterically, but quietly. She was well dressed for a mill girl, having showy bracelets and several rings upon her lingers, notwithstanding her so recent conversion. ? The young man who held {he patient, and who seemed quite used to that employment, grinned with pleasure as he exhibited to us tho points of the case, and explained his treatment. — From Archdeacon SlopforcVs Pamphlet. 