News and Notes. The mining community at Brown's is in a very excited state, and the worst consequences are apprehended. We have already mentioned the des- patch of twenty-five police yesterday morning for the scene of commotion, which, with those already there, will make a force of thirty-five ; but this body in the present exasperated state of the miners is almost powerless. There are now four hundred miners there, more or less armed, and all in a highly excited state, and their tem- per may be imagined when we state that they rescued two prisoners from the police yesterday morning. A larger force is expected from Mel- bourne, and it is impossible to say what may be the result. Of the con- duct of the Government, it is impossi- ble to speak in too high terms of cen- sure. They seem to be hastening on a catastrophe. What in the name of humanity can be the object of concen- trating a body of police at Brown's in the present temper of the miners there ? By the conduct of the Government they have been goaded to desperation, and now to carry out the decrees of some of the leasers-obtained pri- vately from Judge Rogers-the risk of a serious loss of human life is in- dulged in. We say that this conduct is monstrous. The whole affair ought at once to be submitted to a Commit- tee of Enquiry, with power to revise the conduct of the Government in the matter of the granting of the leases, and to the decision of such a tribunal we believe the miners would willingly submit. The Government is now acting in a way that can result in nothing but misery, and perhaps bloodshed, and we can only hope that for the sake of the public peace, the miners will set a better example and refrain from all violence and disorder. With a new Ministry their case must form one of the first subjects of con- sideration, and we sincerely hope that they will not destroy their hold on the public mind, by any disturbance of the peace, or any resistance, how- ever slight, to the law. Mr James Service, of Melbourne, who had been requested by a number of the electors of Ripon and Hampden, to become a candidate for the repre- sentation of that constituency, attended a public meeting of the electors and residents of the Miner's Rest division, at Stuckey's White Horse Hotel, Bur- rumbeet, yesterday(Friday) afternoon. The meeting was a very large one, not withstanding the inclemency of the weather. The chair was taken by John Strachan, Esq. Mr Service en- tered at great length into an explana- tion of his views upon the leading political subjects of the day. He ex- pressed himself as being an old and consistent advocate of a recognition in the land system of the colony of the principle of free selection for the bona fide cultivator, at the uniform fixed price of £1 per acre for all agricultural lands after survey. He is also in favor of ample commonage reserves around all the centres of settlement-of sub- dividing and leasing the grass lands of the colony, at an acreage rental by auction for a short term of years, re- taining the power as exercised at pre- sent, of resuming the lands at any time, for the purpose of settlement and culti- vation. Of opportioning of each dis- trict its fair proportion of the revenue derived ftom its land sales for roads and bridges, of taxation of all unim- proved alienated land, and of extend- ing the principle of self government as widely as possible as opposed to cen- tralisation. He is also in favor of a reform of our gold fields legislation, and management, and recognising the right of the miner to enter upon pri- vate lands for the purpose of mining upon compensation for surface da- mage. He is in favor of one system of secular education un- der local management, and of compelling parents to educate their children. He is in favor of the im- mediate abolition of State- aid to reli- gion, and of the Pension List, and determinedly opposed to the continu- ance in office of the present Ministry on account of their delinquencies. Mr Service was questioned at some length by Messrs. Macintosh, McPhillimy, Morton, Bankin, Longmore and others, and was frequently applauded during his address. At the close Mr Macin- tosh moved, and Mr McPhillimy se- conded a motion, that Mr Service was a fit, proper, and desirable person to represent the constituency, and the motion was carried amid considerable cheering without an amendment being offered, or a single vote of opposition. A requisition already numerously signed was afterwards handed round for further signatures, and it was decided not to publish it until it had been submitted to the electors in the Raglan Division. On all sides Mr Service received warm assurances of support, and a large committee was organised to secure his return. The crowded state of our columns compels us to hold over a full report of the proceedings until Monday. Mr Ser- vice was compelled to return to town last night, but will meet the Raglan electors on Wednesday next. It is rumored that Mr Haines, the barrister, who was defeated at Ararat, where he polled only some 300 votes, is about to offer himself for Ripon and Hampden at the suggestion of several of his friends in the Raglan Division of the district. Against Mr Service however, we should imagine Mr Haines's chances of success are very slight indeed. Mr J. Trench met the electors of Grenville on Thursday night, at the Black Lead. Mr Hood occupied the chair. After Mr Trench had ex- pounded his views, he answered all the questions put to him to the satis- faction of upwards of 200 of the elec- tors. The chairman having asked the meeting to further question Mr Trench, remarking that the questions and answers were highly instructive-Mr Foster voluntarily rose and proposed Mr Trench as a fit and proper person to represent the district, which was carried unanimously, and the proceed- ings terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. About twelve o'clock yesterday (Friday) another of those acci- dents incidental to mining pur- suits, occurred on Navvy Jack's Lead, Red Hill. It seems that a man named Harry Dowling, who resided on the Plank road, was work- ing in a drive in the engine hole, when a piece of the reef gave way, and fell upon him. His mates, who were working at the mouth of the shaft heard him cry out for assistance, and on going below found him half buried in the broken reef which had fallen upon him. On bringing him to the mouth of the shaft it was ascertained that both his legs were broken and he had also a severe contusion on the mouth, His comrades made a sort of temporary stretcher on which they conveyed him to the hospital where he was promptly attended to. At two o'clock this day at the Charlie Napier, Mr J. Casey will again favor the public with an exhibition of his skill and dexterity in overcoming the vicious tendencies of the horse. It appears that this time a horse from the Police Paddock will engage his special attention, and that several persons interested in the management of those useful animals will be present to witness the system of horse taming as practised by this disciple of the celebrated Mr Rarey. Our ministerial contemporary per- petrated yesterday the following little bit of funny revenge for the late defeat sustained by his nominees for Ballarat West. During the late elections the religious cry was raised by the opponents of the ministry and the religious dodge pretty extensively worked. We have, however, reason to be- lieve that the religious influence was brought pretty strongly to bear in some instances and in cases where it certainly was highly discreditable. On Sebastopol, the Welsh Chapel was turned into a political arena, and the right man to vote for was indicated from the pulpit. Thc result has been that some subscribers to the school and chapel have withdrawn their subscriptions. We do not know who it was so merci- lessly hoaxed our self-denying con- temporary, but have simply to say that in the first place the chapel in question does not contain a pulpit, and that the Rev. Mr Farr, the only person who officiates in the chapel, authorises us to give the most unqualified contradic- tion to the statement. He says he never, either directly or indirectly alluded to the elections. Perhaps our local government organ has been sold by some wag on Sebastopol Hill, who attended an election meeting held in the chapel, and so played upon on unsuspecting contemporary, who is far too virtuous to wilfully mislead his readers. Dr Allison has written us a letter 0f the subject of local lunacy, and he contends not only that the question for local provision for the insane ought to be agitated here, but suggests that government aid should be forthcoming. Of the importance of the matter few can entertain a doubt, and were grant in aid obtained, a ward might be attached to the hospital, and the ex- pense and horrors of transmission to Melbourne gaols be done away with. We concur in our correspondent's re- marks as to the urgency of the busi- ness, and hope the subject will not be allowed to die out. A robbery from the shop of Mr Tuckett, milliner, took place on Fri- day night, about nine o'clock. A dress, valued at £5 10s., which was hanging near the door, besides other articles, were taken. The thief, a female, succeeded in making good her retreat, dropping some of the booty on finding that she was pursued. She will doubtless soon be brought to account by the police, who are on the scent. An inquest was held at Italian Gully before the District Coroner on Friday, 2nd inst., on view of the body of Thomas Beaton, the finding of whose body in a water-hole was re- corded in our correspondent's letter in yesterday's (Friday's) issue. The evidence of his wife was a sad disclo- sure of the indignities to which poor woman is often subjected by a drunken husband. She states that on the 6th August last, on her going to fetch him home when he was tipsy, he struck her in the face ; after- wards, when sitting near the fire, he fell into it, and she had to pull him out ; then she pulled off his boots and put him to bed, at which he made another attempt to beat her. She then left the tent to be out of his reach until he should be asleep, and on her return he was gone from the tent, and she saw him no more until his body was taken from the water- hole. A neighbor deposed to hearing a splash in the water on the same night that deceased was missed, but further search does not seem to have been made in that direction until the finding of the body floating on the water. The verdict was that deceased "was found dead in a water-hole, and we believe fell into the same on the 7th August last, and was accidentally drowned whilst in a state of intoxica- tion." Barkly street is now formed and metalled along the whole distance from its junction with the Melbourne Road to beyond Old Post-office Hill. On the south side of the latter spot the frontages are taken up for a con- siderable distance, but between the Main Road and Old Post-office Hill very few sites have been occupied as yet. This is due doubtless to the nature of the ground. Across the Flat the road is simply an embank- ment with abysses of sludge on either side, and up the rise of Golden Point the ground is full of holes or actually in occupation by miners, and under these circumstances the frontages will not be very eagerly sought after in the absence of a greater press of population. Humffray street, between the Mel- bourne and Main Roads is now kerbed and planked, and presents a very agreeable contrast with its late con- dition of pitfalls and mud. We learn by telegram that the wife of the Hon. G. Coppin died at Rich- mond on Friday morning. Owing to this domestic affliction Mr Coppin has been prevented from appearing on the boards of the Olympic Theatre in Melbourne as announced. The following, from the Age, will rejoice the heart of Judge Rogers, whose often repeated strictures on pro- fessional misdemeanors, will be fresh in the memory of our law report readers. Our contemporary says:- "Mr Dawson, acting on behalf of the Law Institute of Victoria, made three applications on Thursday in the Su- preme Court, for attorneys to be struck off the roll of the Court for malversa- tion of funds entrusted to them by clients. In one case the application was withdrawn in consequence of an important affidavit not having been filed. In the other two cases, rules nisi were granted calling on the attor- neys to show cause. By these decisions the Court has effectually recognised the Law Institute as possessing a locus standi in the court, and as having a right to exercise supervision over the conduct of the officers of the court. The Argus of yesterday says "A case of abduction will be brought be- fore the Williamstown Police Bench this morning. The party charged is one Matthew McCullen, and his alleged offence is that he persuaded a girl named Elizabeth Spottiswoode, not yet 15 years old, to leave her mother and be married to him at Prahran, where it is said the ceremony was per- formed by a Roman Catholic priest. The girl's father is dead, and, on com- ing of age, she will inherit a consid- erable amount of landed and other property, On Saturday last, says the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, the election of a new poundkeeper at Benalla took place. The applicants were, Mary Bond, widow of the deceased pound- keeper, Henry Carridge, Benalla, T. Redding, Benalla; and T. E. Spicer, Wangaratta. Mrs Bond was the suc- cessful candidate, and the appointment has given the greatest satisfaction throughout the whole of this neighbor- hood. The estate of the absconding land agent, Gardiner, has been sequestrated, and the Argus gives the following re- port of the present aspect of the busi- ness:- "A meeting of creditors in the estate of Mr William Gardiner, whose sudden departure by the Royal Charter we mentioned in a late issue, and who has no doubt absconded with a large sum of money, was held yesterday at the Temple-court Hotel, Queen-street. A conversation ensued as to the probable assets in the estate, in the course of which one or two letters, found on Gardiner's premises, were read, which threw a great deal of light upon certain bill transactions and other deep-laid schemes concocted by the defaulter. Mr Wreford stated that there was another letter lying in the Post Office for Mr Gardiner, which could only be obtained by permission of His Excellency the Governor. Debts were enumerated amounting to nearly £3000, and it was calculated that at least that sum was in Gardiner's possession when he absconded. Fur- ther action on the part of the creditors was postponed, in order to give time to the Official Assignee to obtain more detailed information as to the extent of the various claims made against the estate, particularly with reference to a claim of £900, a portion of which consisted of a mort- gage upon lands at or near St. Kilda, purchased by Gardiner. We learn from the Age that the three Judges,--the Chief Justice, Judge Molesworth, and Judge Barry, -overruled on Thursday the late de- cision of Mr Justice Williams, and decided that a bench of Magistrates in petty sessions assembled, had the power to inflict the punishment of imprisonment for debt. The following instance of political metempsychosis is related by the Argus:- "The Victorian Convention is dead, and will be succeeded by the Land and Financial Referm League, the inauguration of which took place last night in St. Patrick's Hall, Bourke street. Dr Hunter presided on the occasion, and the speakers were Messrs Loader, Don, Wilson Gray and others. The basis of the Convention has been enlarged, so as to form that of the League, by the incorporation with it of the principle of Financial Reform. With this addition the principles of the two are identical. The League com- mits itself to a course of persistent agi- tation in and out of Parliament." The Herald (et tu Brute!) thus chants the requiem for the condemned Government:- In something of an exasperated spirit has the country dealt with the fallen O'Shanassy Ministry. The people had resolved to make a memorable example of them, and most signally has the resolve been kept. There was much that was un- precedented in the circumstances attendant on the expulsion of Mr O'Shanassy's first Cabinet from power, "but nothing aught like this." And even at this moment-notwithstanding that the sentiment of popular ven- geance has been gratified with the immolation of four victims,-the de- termination to make the destruction complete and irremediable is as strong as ever. We see this in the bitter invectives against the Government which still appear daily in the journals. We see it in the indignant refusal of certain of the provincial constitu- encies to accept the advances of the rejected Ministers. Thus, we observe that our contemporary the Maryborough Advertiser sets no limits to the terms in which it repudiates the candidature for that district of Castlemaine's discarded member. And surely the Maryborough electors must be in desperate straits for an eligible representative, if they would so much as tolerate the addresses of the un- seated Solicitor General, after all that has happened. But there is not, in fact, even a "forlorn hope" in reserve for the doomed Cabinet. They are the architects of their own ruin. Never did any set of public men more richly merit the fate that has over- taken them. If the adverse popular feeling has risen to the pitch of posi- tive exasperation, it is solely owing to their own persistent folly and wicked- ness. They it was who aggravated it. All that factiousness, personal vindictiveness, and the other small passions of men, accomplished against them in the late elections, was but a trifle in comparison with the mischief they wrought for themselves. Let them go! The exhibition of horses at McCaw & Co's, horse bazaar in Melbourne, on Thursday, is thus reported by the Herald:- "We have not the slightest hesitation in pronouncing this show one of the best things of its kind ever seen in this city ; and it may be taken as a fair criterion of what may be ex- pected at the Port Phillip Farmers' Society's Exhibition in October next. If evidence were wanting of the steady perseverance of our breeders in their laudable endeavors to improve our stock, the presence in the colony of such a large proportion of imported horses - the best blood of the United Kingdom - should be convincing. Of course heavy draught entires were largely in the majority, but the blood horses were by no means ill repre- sented ; altogether there were about 50 exhibited. We here give the names of the most remarkable, and of their owners too. Blood horses:- Kelpie, Mr Rowe ; Abdallah, Mr Clutterbuck ; Boiardo, Mr Austin, Dolo and Warhawk, Messrs Simpson and Row ; Brownlock, Mr T. Austin ; Indian Warrior, Mr Rawdon Greene ; and Peter Wilkins, Morris Dancer, and Rich View, Mr James Purves. Two other imported thorough-bred colts were exhibited by the last named gentleman. The draught horses were \- Mount Wellington, Mr Degraves ; Young Briton, Mr De Costello ; Punch, Mr Q. Keys ; Champion (imported) Mr Corbett ; Dundas, Mr Bentley ; Young Douglass, Messrs Nelson and Thompson ; Clyde and Young Bruce, Mr Wilson; Nugget, Mr Crystal ; Champion (imported), and Prince Charley, Mr Mackintosh ; Inkermann, Mr Bear ; Merry Farmer, Mr Mickle ; Clyde, Mr Cochrane ; Thane of Fife, Young Wonder, Black Champion, Planet, Young Lanark, Wallace, Prince, Hercules, Wallace, Match- less, Jacob, Young Charlie, Young Bruce, Champion (colonial), Far- mer, Panmure, Cantab (coaching stallion), and Raglan. Some draught brood mares were also exhibited ; two of these were sold by auction, namely, Young Matchless, to Mr Kennedy, for £280, and Bess. Mr Purves's Peter Wilkins was put up at a reserve of six hundred guineas, but was bought in at £470. Morris Dancer was purchased by Mr Kennedy for £280 ; and Rich View, by Mr Phillips, for £255 ; Merry Farmer was sold to Mr Hepburn for £500, and will, it is understood, be taken to Ballarat. £640 was bid for Cochrane's Clyde, but as there was a reserve of £700 on him he was bought in. Young Wonder was knocked down for £260. Mr Edols bought Prince, roan, four years old, bred in Victoria, for £101. Champion, three years old, Van Diemen's Land, was sold to Mr Wallace for £325. According to the Herald, the cele- brated bull "Master Butterfly," con- sidered to be the finest in England when purchased by Mr J. G. Ware, and an entire Arab horse named "Tom- boy," died while en route to Mel- bourne. Last night Master Edward Pole took his benefit at the Theatre Royal, when Shakespeare's tragedy of "Hamlet" was selected for performance. The audience was not so numerous as we have seen, and Master Pole sustained the principal character in the piece. Taking his extreme youth into consid- eration his "Hamlet" was above me- diocrity, but his powers of body and conception of mind are by no means equal to the hero of Shakespeare. Mr O'Brien with his usual precision and good taste, sustained in a very able manner the character of Claudius, and Mr Hoskins as the Ghost, was effective Miss Julia Clifford as Gertrude, was likewise equal to the part assigned to her, and Mr Leslie as Polonius, was at home. At the conclusion of the piece Master Pole was called before the curtain. The afterpiece con- sisted of a laughable farce entitled, "The Happy Man," and to-night will be performed "One O'clock, or, the Knight and the Wood Demon." 