A VISIT TO CAWNPORE. The Times special correspondent, in a letter which appeared in that journal, of 14th April, gives the fol- lowing graphic account of his visit to Cawnpore, that city of hated memory :— The best way of utilizing time is (he says) to travel at night, for the gharry affords a comfortable bed, and so you leave Lucknow at 11 at night, and awake just in time to see the broad plains of Oude one great sea of green corn, with billows of forest trees tossing up their heads in the midst, lighted up by the morning sun, and to note the white ridge in front of you, which is whitening and heating under its rays, before the gharry, leaving the smooth road and peaceful deeps of wheat-fields, launches out on the rugged sandy waves which still show the heavings of the fallen Ganges before it subsides into the broad river spanned by the bridge of boats in front. It is six o'clock, and in half an hour wo shall be in Cawnpore, the red-tiled bungalows and minarets and cupolas of which rise for miles away along the bank of the river interspersed amid trees and gardens. Along the fifty odd miles of road you might be aware even in your sleep that there was constant move- ment last night—carts in long strings, and fleets of camels in single file, "linked" grumblings, "long drawn out," like mutinous line-of-battle ships, and the heavy treed of infantry. Carts of the Govern- ment, of Commissariat, of private firms, of bazaar people, or ordinary traffickmongers travel to and fro incessantly, drawn by laborious oxen, and under every tope flare the watch- fires of the drivers, who, nomad like, travel with all their belongings, and cry a halt when and wherever they please. The camels are on the same business as the oxen, or belong to wild looking, fair-complexioned, black-haired, white toothed, brawny Punjabees, elad in dirty linen and sheepskin, who travel all over India at this season to dispose of and find freights for their ships of the desert. The infantry are the Belooch battalion, now on their way home, or a patrol of the military police, and at *See Prince Schwarzenberg's despatch of 25th February, 1849, in Samwer's Martens, vol. xiv, p. 702. * Published in Samwer's continuation of Marens, vol, xv., p.251. 2 Published in Murbard's Martens, vol. xi., p. 352. intervals along the road you will see the lights burn- ing in the thannahs, or police stations, and the horses saddled, with the lances of the sowars stuck in the ground beside them, and shining by the flickering of the thannah fires. As the sun rises you might well think, accustomed to a year of such war as we have had, " Pandy " was still alive, for all over the green fields are white turbans in swarms ; but they are worn by humble agriculturists—men, women, and children, all clad in white, are busy in the fields. If truth were told, it is likely that some of the fingers now bent on hoe, pulled trigger against us last year ; and you may be sure those big idle fellows, yeomen too proud to touch plough or spade, who are superin- tending their labourers (mostly women and chil- dren), were busy enough the same way. As we approach the bridge of boats, having jolted and rumbled over a long stripe of sand, with small oases of vegetation, which is covered by the river at the full, a small tete de pont, an earthen re- doubt and ditch, above the rampart of which moves to and fro the gleam of an English bayonet, comes in sight. On this bank, a little higher up, is the place where poor Sir W. Peel placed his guns, in order to silence the enemy at the other side, that memorable morn- ing when Sir Colin, with the relieved of Lucknow, came to relieve Cawnpore. The Gwalior people were firing heavily on the bridge from the cover of Hindoo temples on the right bank, now destroyed, but Sir W. Peel reduced and finally silenced their guns, and en- abled the women to be sent over in comparative safety. The bridge of boats is so narrow that two carriages cannot pass abreast, and there is, consequently, a good deal of competition between vehicles on the opposite sides as to which shall get fairly on the roadway first, so that the rush down the bank to the bridge is violent enough. The muddy yellow stream-more yellow than the Tiber itself—flows with violence under the boats, and keeps the cables well taut. It bears on its creaming surface all sorts of nastiness ; but the Hindoos have it that nothing can pollute the holy waters of Gunga, and it is a comfortable creed for those who drink it, and prefer faith to sense. By the margin, close to the bridge, there is a dhoby washing clothes, and within two or three yards of him there is lying the bloated white, yellow, and purpled streaked corpse of a native woman, on which are seated, feasting daintily, a batch of carrion crows and a filthy vulture ; and he washes away unconcernedly, and would do so probably if it were the body of his mother. To judge by the vultures, and ravens, and kites, there is more than one centre of attraction swirling about in the eddies of the river or caught by the cables of the bridge. Beyond the dhoby, in cleaner water by comparison, a bevy of elephants arc enjoying their morning bath. And they do enjoy it indeed! See how they roll away like so many porpoises, right under the flood, and leave the mahouts shouting and groping with their feet for the unstable black islands which after a time rise up above the surface. Look at the great jets they blow up over their backs, and listen to the deep breath of pleasure or the shrill flourish of delight with which they lie down on the sand while their attendants knead tliem all over. These great creatures are so sagacious, so sensitive to kindness, that even in their wild state I cannot feel any sympathy for those who delight in killing them and call it "sport." But these ele- phants, fond as I am of them, are, it must be admitted, dangerous playmates. In our camp there were no less than nine " koonies," or " murderers,"—beasts which have killed their mahouts, or other attendants. One huge criminal, with a speckled forehead and proboscis, is guilty of the murder of no less than three unfortu- nate natives. The magnificent mild monster which belonged to Sir Hugh Wheeler, was carried off by the Nana, and was delivered up to us by the Rajah of Furruckabad, died a few days ago immediately after carrying some officers to church. He was a fine courageous creature, and his trunk and forehead bore marks of the claws of more than one tiger which had charged him and then been trampled to pulp by his ponderous feet. His "weakness" was fine French rolls, which he swallowed as an alderman would take Cockle's pills, and the twinkle of his eye, as he gulped the loaf down, and gave a gentle sigh out of his proboscis, proclaimed the Sybarite. I used to take great delectation in observing the creatures at the bath in the river which flows by our camp. They came down in files, trumpeting gaily in anticipation of the treat, and floundered into the waters of the Goomtee, like so many portly Bruxellers enjoying the pea-soup sea of Ostend. Each takes a long deep drink, putting his proboscis into the water, and then discharging the contents of it, when filled by suction, into his cavernous maw. Having thus filled up a wrinkle or two in his sides, he de- posits himself bodily in the stream, so that one side lies out of water and the tip of his proboscis is kept above the surface for the air. On this exposed island the mahouts labour diligently, washing the beast and rubbing him with hard brushes, cleaning his ears, kneading and shampooing him, while the pachyderm emits little squeaks of satisfaction. When one side is done, the elephant turns on the other, and he is very angry indeed if he does not get his full share of manipulation. But I am wandering away from Cawnpore back to the camp, which I have left for ever. I must leave my favourites to finish their bath. The gharry toils up the right bank by the parapet of Windham's en- trenchment, and I can see that little has been done since last I was here to render the vast expanse of ruins which cover the hard-baked, yet dusty, plain outside the fort less hideous than it was. Nothing, indeed, can well be more uninteresting than the aspect of this place. If I had my will, so hateful is the memory of Cawnpore, I would push the railway- station six or seven miles away from the city, remove the cantonments and military establish- ments, and leave the native town to flourish or to languish as it might. But now the station is in course of completion ; the barracks and cantonment buildings are being rapidly restored, and Cawnpore must remain where it is. The fort is nothing more than a te e-de- pont on an extensive scale, including within its lines magazine, storehouses, and similar buildings. The earthen parapet is strong, the curtains well flanked, and the ditch deep. The trace sweeps round from the river above the canal to a point about 300 yards lower down the stream. Outside the para- pet lies, as I have said, a rough plain, covered with the débris of brick houses, almost level with the earth and with the stumps of the trees which were cut down in order to uncover the fire of the fort. On the right front, on the verge of this plain, is the city, a dense mass of native houses, with temple domes and spires above them ; on the right are the civil lines, in front are some scattered ruins of bungalows, and on the left, far away, are the military lines and cantonments. The aspect of Cawnpore is desolate beyond imagina- tion or description. Everything appears ruinous and neglected. The roads are fast going to dust ; the ghosts of roofless bungalows glare out on you from their blackened windows, mile after mile ; and the traces of the gardens around them, choked up with weeds which strangle the roses, heliotrope, dahlia, and sweetpea, add to the wretchedness of the scene. The woodwork, windowframes, and rafters are all gone. Here and there some vigorous civilian or official has set to work to renovate a ruin ; but this work is rarely done in such a way as to conceal the nature of the substratum. I drove to Mahomed's Hotel, which, all things considered, is a very fair hotel in the Indian style, much accused of flies and mosquitoes and curious preparations of liquid—for our friend, being a Mussulman, I presume, does all he can to dis- courage the use of the grape juice—but better than most establishments of the kind in the country. There is a marked contrast between the order and improvements of Lucknow— the well-kept, watered roads—and the dilapidation and dust of Cawnpore. Sir John Inglis, I believe, is anxious to obtain permission for the levy of a fine from the city for local purposes, and the sooner he ob- tains it the less ground will the people have for com- plaint. It is believed that the city is full of the plunder of our houses aud establishments, but there is no evidence of the fact. The circumstances under which Lucknow and Cawnpore came into our hands differ somewhat, but it seems very desirable that the inhabitants of the latter (presumed to be wealthy) should be taxed to make good some of the mischief, considering that they never evinced the least sympathy with us in our time of trouble. I visited once more the scene of the terrible massacre which will ever render the name of the city infamous. Of the house not a vestige remains, except the lines of the foundation walls. The well is surrounded by a rude, strong paling of wood, the top being covered in with masonry. The simple, graceful, and affecting memorial raised by some men of Her Majesty's 32nd near the spot where the women and children of the regiment were murdered is enclosed in the same way. The only addition to the mute records of the great crime which was perpetrated here is a very handsome monumental slab of red stone, which bears the following inscription :—"Sacred to the memory of the women and children of the late ill-fatod 1st Com- pany, 6th Battalion Bengal Artillery, who were slaughtered near this spot by the mutineers on the 16th of July, 1857. This monument is erected by a non-commissioned officer who formerly belonged to the 1st Company, 6th Battalion—'Spare the people, &c.;—Joel ii., 17." The execution and design are most creditable to the excellent soldier, whoever he may be, who has thus marked the resting-place of the wives and children of his hapless comrades. The grave of Sir William Peel lies far away from this spot, in the little cemetery where his remains, I trust, find but a temporary resting-place, if the country would do honour to itself —for never did braver sailor tread deck, never did bolder soldier draw sword, never did loftier spirit live for honour, duty and England than William Peel. How soon we forget all that has passed so recently ! Happily for us we do so, but as I saw this evening buggies driving about within a stone's throw of those graves, heard the ring of women's voices and their laughter, read the bill of the amateur play to come off at the theatre to-morrow night, and listened to the fun ex- pected at a ball to be given by the officers of a regiment in cantonments, I felt some share of the apprehension so often expressed by others that in a year or two we shall forget all that has happened, relapse into the same security, and tread lightly on the thin crust below which glows the hot lava eter- nally. One circumstance connected with the Cawnpore massacre which I never heard before was told me by Sir John Inglis, on the authority of the excellent chaplain, the Rev. Mr. Moore. It appears that after the capitulation the besieged were allowed to walk freely out of the intrenchments, and that they strolled about the neighbourhood that evening. Next day being Sunday, they were allowed the same liberty, and they went to the church, which is not very far from the slaughter- house, and heard Divine service. On the following morning the garrison marched down to the ghat, where the boats were prepared, some with breakfast laid out, and then the murder began. All the instincts of the tiger, its feline treachery and cruelty, seem developed here. While I was in Cawnpore intelligence was re- ceived of the murder of two gentlemen, Mr. Evans and Mr. Limnell, engaged on the survey of the country for the line from Jubbulpore, to connect Bombay with the East Indian Railway. They were encamped with a guard of 50 Sikhs and 60 or 70 followers and servants, on the western frontier of Rewah, when one Hunmut Singh, a rebel chief, who is out in those districts with 2000 or 3000 men, hearing of their encampment sent a body of 600 or 700 horse and foot, who made a march of 60 miles, suddenly fell on them as they were inactive in their tents during the heat of the day, and took them by surprise. Mr. Evans, who was a bad horseman, was thrown just as he had discharged his pistol at a Sowar, and was at once speared as he lay on the ground : his body, headless, and horribly disfigured, has since been recovered. The unfortunate engineer's widow and three children had not long joined him at Allahabad. Mr. Limnell, a Swedish engineer, and a man of great resolution and courage, was seen alive in the hands of the enemy, and as his body was found a long way from the place of his capture, it is supposed he met his death in attempting to escape. The enemy killed some natives of the party, routed the Sikhs, burned and plundered the camp, and went off at the same speed which marked their swoop on the unfortunate Europeans. The East India Railway Company has a heavy catalogue of slain. At least 12 of its officers have fallen in the mutiny. It is very much to be hoped that Government will henceforward permit no engineers to go into districts where there is the least apprehension of danger, unless, at least they are pre- pared to afford them an adequate guard of cavalry and infantry. Lord Clyde arrived at Cawnpore two days after I left it. As an instance of the hopelessness of secresy in some matters, I may mention that I left Lucknow late on Saturdny night, when there certainly were only three or four people in camp aware that Lord Clyde had just received a telegram which deter- mined his going to Simla. I travelled all night, ar- rived in Cawnpore next morning, and almost the first thing I heard there was, " Lord Clyde will be here on the 4th, on his way to the hills, with, head-quarters." Horresco referens ! Of the present condition of the force under his Lordship's command no adequate conception can be formed. It is enough now to say that the number of natives under arms exceeds by some thousands the aggregate of the late Sepoy army, and that the total of the whole force, not including certain local corps and levies, makes a muster of nearly a quarter of a million bayonets. 