(Frontm the 5iihoop of- Adelaide to t1he Rev.-T. Binnry.) Dear and Reverend Sir-When men differ in religion or politics the sooner they get to un derstand the principle or supposed principle which divides them the sooner are they -likely either to agree or differ Irreconcileably. So fur, therefore, from being "offended by the obser vations" which you have made on my second letter, I am thankful to learn from so compe tent an authority "the modes of thought and feeling proevalent in the non-Episeopal denoni nations i" nnd " the way in which they look at certain ecclesiastical subjects." Int England it alrays seemed to me impos sible to disengage thoso subjects from the sur roundiog medium ; to separate them from ex traneous matter, so as to look at them simply in the light of God's word interpreted by spirituanl understanding. In thiseolony, on the contrary, where the greet offence to your co. religionists of a State Church does not exist, I Once, for example, the hand of the clock pointed to etis--" Children, having been baptised, if they die are undoubtedly saved, elso not." The poiuter was put back two seconds, and "else not" disap penrlng, ceased to rule. But what a mighty difference was mande by that little change I Iustead of being obliged to hold tihe posi tive destruction of nil unbaptized infants, the clergy and memttbers of the English Church are allowed to believe in their possible salvation. This Is all, indeed, for the Churcll simply aftirtms nothing, it does not decide, or rule, either way ; but even that is a great relief-the possibility of tieo onethleg n~einst thecertaintyof the other I thought religious questions, and among them IhoatofCCherch Union, eight bo npproncihed limi 1hl aides clear of tlhat mirngo"vwicll do. ceives the explorer by exaggerating or distort. log objects. Nevertheless I have observed from tinme to time invidlous references made to post anhses or present diffiulties of the Nt. tional Estblilshed Church of England, as if tlcey were of tile essence of Episcopal discl plino, and not the ecidents of an establish. mont interwoven with the State for more than one thousand years I while, on tie other hand, the isolation of our clergy from non-Epiacopa. tlia ministers, not so much personally as mnlnistorially, Ilas not been referred (has you now truly do) to its real cause, vis, tlleir con. selentious hIolding fast that whiclh they believe to have apostolio and scriptural authority, but to the mnero pride of. social position, or the domineering spirit ofa Stateofavoured church, or Balronial Episcopate. IHad it bees alol along soon, as yo noew clearly see, that we cannot recognisoe your orders (though we do not take upon oursealves to reject as IneOfectuous yonr ministerial acts of Iaptizing in the name of lithe ather, Son, and Iloly Ghllost), I should not have been asked,as I have frequently been, to admit non.Eptsco. allan ministers to officiate in our churches, burianl-grounds, sclloolrooms, and to cooperotoe with them in works essential t the propheticalt ofices of tile ministry, such as distribution of religious tracts, missions to the busil, Snnday. sehool teachers' union, and lately to open our pulpits unconditionally for their use, The rule, iowever, on which we net has been plainly laid down for us. We do not forbid non Episcopalian ministers to " cost ounet devils by preaching Christ's name andl Gospel, because they follow not us;" but nolther.on tie other hand do we find any warrant for "following" them. Compelled, then, from time to time to re fuse suchapplicatlous, I wasnot sorry to seizotho opportunity presented by your arrival in South Australia of making it qluite clear "why," and "why only," we hold ourselves ministerially aloof from non-Episcopalian ministers, though,as with myself, so with my brethren, our private and personal "feelings often kick against" our solemt convictions and pledges. I would simply ask you to read the following extracts from the Preface to our Ordination Service, and the Twenty-third Article, in order to judge fairly of our position: "It is evident unto all men diligently read ing the HIoly Scripture and ancient authors that from the Apostlcas' time there have been these orders of ministers in Chirist's Chnrch-bisholJs, priests, and deaceons; which offices were ever more had in such reverend estimation, that no man might presume to execute any of theim except lie was first called, tried, examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for tile same i and also by public prayer, with imposition of hands, were approved and ad. mitted thereunto by lawful authority. And, therefore, to the intent that these orders may be continued, and reverently used and esteemed in theUnited Church of England andIreland,no man shlall be accounted or taken to be a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon in the United Church of England and Ireland, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he he called, tried. examined, and admitted thereunto according to the form hereafter following, or bath had formerly Episcopal consecration or ordination." Article XXIIl--Of Ministering in the Congregation, i"It is not lawful for any man to take upon him the office of public preaching, or minis terig .the sacraments in the congregation, before bhe beo lawfully called and sent to onxe ute the samie; and those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent which be chosen and galled to this .work.by men who have public authority given untothemin thecongregationto *all nd send ministers into the Lord'svineyard." SAs' 'a matter of history, it stands recorded that Whittingham was deprived in 1,57l of the Deanery of:Derhanm and.Travers of the Lee. tureship of the Temple, because they had received only Presbyterian ordination at the hands of certain ministers on the continent of Europe. . ' : : I Could Ithen, as an honest man, Invite you to preach in our pulpits ? Bt as I could not do so, 1 felt" pressed in spirit" to slhow yeou-.how I and 'manltitnds of othonrs In the (nrch of England vained pldty,' oloquence, dad ability tn non-Elplscopalian ministers ;and how muneh we wished that they would re-consider those polits of dialpline which they number with " things indifferent," but which we are hound in conscience to hold fast as being of apostolic origin and poissessing scriptural authority. Neither Lutherans, nor Calvinists, nor Wes Ioyans, noreven "independent'. Independents, like yourself, assert Episcopacy or Creeds to be unscriptural or unlawful, though they maintain Thnt. they are "not: of obligntion." Non Episcopallans then would violate no rule of conseience by adopting either one or the other; either a freely elected Episcopate In its primi tire form, or a form of sound words, whereby "' the sunk fence" of which you speak, between 'the Episcopal and more recent denominational Presbyterian Churches, would sofarboeflledup and disappear. If it savours of" assumed snperiority"onmy part for venturilg to point out for considera tion this condition of union, it Is a superiority forced upon me, and not of mycreating emanating from former acts of non-Episce palian bodies. I cannot reverse the history of the church for eighteen centuries; but I neither " dictated" nor" offered" terms of anion.. I simply stated what we believe to be our "scrip tural and apostolie" role t and asked non Episcopalian ministers, in these days of free thouaht and "independent" Independency, to consider whether future union of " Evangelical Churches" on certain principles were possible. I am not sorry that some few eager spirits, who attempted to clear the "sunk fence" at a bound, should have stumbled and fallen therein; or, to adopt your military metaphor, they have not blown in the counter.scarp of the ditch, and planted their banners on the breach of a ruined Episcopacy. That fortress we cannot abandon, because we believe its bulwarks to be of. apostolic origin and to c:are the sanction of scripture.. And if our non-Episcopalian friends cannot join it and form part of the garrison, let them believe and give us credit tor acting. "conselantionsl " in maintaining our ministerial reserve. Let them cease to talk of "dominant church," "Intolorent hierarchy," .&c.;, as the cause.. of disunion, We Iavo as much right to remain Epliscoplians as they had to become non.EplsIopnallds. The foxes in the fable were justilled in declining to reform themselveros by a " fraternal curtailment," ' Nor was it merely with a view to remove "the mldwall of partition" between the Church of England and those bodies which have dissented from it that I tlhought the re-adojption of the Episcopate an indispensa ble preliminary to church union. If one ness, outward as. well as inward, formal as well as spiritual, he tihe normal state of Christ's' Clurch militant as well as tritmphant; if we may hope "thie Gospel and true Church of God" will finally emerge from Trldentine, Medieval, or Patristierror, then the "idiosynerasy" also of tile Eastern and Greek mind, as well as of southern Christlan Europe, must be taken into some accocnt ; and it certainly would be a greater "niracle" to reformt thlose churclehs-Grek, ]loman, Syrian, Russian --domwn to the plnt form of Johln Knox-than thant you anud other evangelical ministers should be willing to sit side by side with bistlhops In some council like thiat of Jerusalem, whlen l'aul nnd Barnabas and Simon l'eter, wlith James presiding, gave forth thie decree assented to by thie elders and brethren, cotldemnatory of a Judolzig Chrlistianilty. Whether a more extended "fraternization" might not'thus resnlt, tnot only between the clergy of our Churclt nd non-Episcopalian I)issenting ministers, bhlt Lutheranta, Swiss, and French divines I whethel r an unscriptural "denoml natlonalismn"-"" I am of l'naul, and I of Apol. los, nnd I of Cephos"--would not thus hIelp to fill up thie "sunk fence" between us, and render nccess to a chureth catholic in form as well ns spirit easy on all sides ; whethler heathen and Mahometalt Anticihrlsts, o0 thoso within tile Church itself, vis., the un- I belief which denies the Lord that bought ius i -the Father and the Son; or that which exalts the creature—sacaments, priest, or saint r so as to keep less in view the Saviour himsself (a will-worship which He ordained not) whether, I say, such enemies of God nad Christ will give way more readily If unun were rendered. possible by tile spirit of love leading us "to walk by the same rule, nul in honor to prefer one another," I do not prsume to decide. I have simply proposed tlhe question for consideration, But I am reminded byyou that something r miqre than identity of church government, or subscription to the orthodox creed, would be necessary to open your pulpits to the An- glican clergy. I return then to this second prbliminary condition, viz., subscription to a breed which you pronounce to be ineffec tual to procure doctrinal purity in pulpit ministrations. You describe some clergy men of our Church as Roman in all but name, and others as Rationalists, neither of whom on any account would you suffer to preach in your pulpit. Neither would I suffer them to preach In mine. But I proposed nothing of the sort. That - preliminary condition of subscription to a c creed might remove an existing barrier, but would compel no exchange of pulpits. Lib- -c erty might have been gained but no compul-a sionintroduced. Certain conditions being c pre-supposed, it seemed possible that like i Peter Martyr and Ilucer in thlolethcentury, so In these days, D'Aubigne or Neander, n Chalmers, Cumming, or yourself, might be hIeard (perhaps to advantago) in St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey-a position for Chris- 1 tian influence which the pastor of Weigh 1 House might not altogether despise, though 1 he might think it beneath him to covet. From the fact, however, that in spite of our Articles there are Romanisng and Ra- tionalist clergymen in our Church you draw the conclusion that formularies of the faith are useless. You also state, as a matter of fact, that the exchange of pulpits between non-Episcopalian ministers, Congregaton- alist, Wesleyan, Free Kirk, and Baptist is far more carefully guarded than is access to those efour Churchl. N?owis it not owing iq great measure to the Thirty-nine Articles themselves that these Romanising and Ration alizing clergymen are tested and found out ? Your argument, from the abuse of creeds, proves too much ; for there are Unitarian and Papists, despite of tle authorised version a of the Scriptures and the Latin Vulgate, I wlich led Luther to justification by faith. a If creeds and articles cannot prevent errors c neither can the Scriptures I Are the latter, it therefore needless and useless ? "The un- f learned and unstable wrest St. Paul's Epistle, and other Scriptures to their destruction." J ido not know that the blame rests with St. It Paul for writing his letters to the Churches. a Besides, who commanded the Baptismal c Creed- belief in the name of the Father, Son, ft and Holy Ghost, as neeessary to salvation? n '!Ho that believeth and is baptised shall be 0 saved l" Who required belief in himself as the - Son of God before the Eunuch could be bap- I tized ? Why did St. Paul deliver first of all to the Corinthbians that which he also had re. v ceived, that "Christ died for our sins accord- v ibg to the Scriptures, that he was burled and rose again according to the Scriptures ?" Why did he tell Timothy to "hold fast the f fprm of sound words ;" and "to commit the same to faithful men who should be ablo to teach others ?" . Look to the history of Protestantism itself What Protestant Church did not, at tho Re formation, put forth its Confession ? Is that of Augsborg a dead letter? Not ountil the Hoelvetic Confession of Calvin's Church had been abrogated by the Rationalistic Govern- meat of Geneva as a test for its State Clergy, did a new evangelical reformation, ilaugo. rated by D'Aubigne and Malan, become ne- cessary there. Let me further ask what has become of the orthodoxy of the old Presby terian Churches in England ? What is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of Antrim ? Was it not from the absence of a creed that the Lady Hewly Charity came to be dragged iato a court of law ? Did the absence of drticles prevent the "Rirulet" controversy, and preserve the fountain of Gospel truth pure and undefiled ? Not long ago I had the plean mure of receiving from you a sermon, entitled "The Apostles' Creed." Now, if the Apostles I had a creed, that is, certain truths indispon sable to the Gospel ol Salvation, and if you have endeavored to define those truths, surely I a creed in itself is neither useless nor needless, I "yourself being judge." I might refer also to your friends, the Wesleyans, whom you I once offended by plainly telling them "that they must be either Dissenters or Schismatics " yet they have a creed and a tolerably long one I too-one also of purely uninspired com position, which nevertheless you yourself have morally subscribed before you preached in their chapel I I know not wsether you are an Arminian or Calvinist, or neither. But every Wesleyan minister is bound by Wesley r model trust dead to preach no "doctrine or I practica contrary to what is contained in certain notes on tise New Testament, com monly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley, nod in the first four volumes ot ser mons, commonly reputed to be written and published sy him." Talk of Popery and the I Couneil of Trent, and of the infallibility of tihe Pope I those are" motes" not more hugo a than this Wesleyan beam. I did not ask you or other non.Episcopalian ministers to subscribe to the Thirty-nine Articles and the Book of Homilies before you' could preach in our pulpits, but simply to a creed in accordance with the Nicene Confes sion. If this will not socureabsolute immunity froei doctrinal error,. It may do something to wards it. I believe In charts and lighthouses, although in spiteoof them some master mariners contrire to run their ships on shore. -? I believe also, as much as you do, that watches, clocks, nod even dials must be adjusted I to the sun ) but the examples of adjustment ,s which you have selected, and which you des. cribo as giving "great relief to the clergy and members of the English Church," no more t affects them than it does you and other non- I Episcopalians. You state that the hand of tho clack (that is from the context the. Englisih Church Clock) pointed to this :--"Children having been bsptpsed, if they die, are undoubt edly saved elseo not. The pointer was put back two seconds, and ' elso not' disappearing, ceased to rule. But what a mighty difforence was made by that little change I Instcead.of 1 being obliged to hold the positive destruction of all unbaptised inrants, the clergy and nmom bers of the English Church are allowed to be ieve in their possible salvation." I am sure that it will be a "gresat relief" to you to learn that this statement, however designed to com fort us, is (so far as the Church of England is concerned) quite unnecessary. The first Liturgy of Edward VI., A.D. 1549, Ihas this rubric in thie ofice fjr confirmation : " Anti that no man shall think thiatasy detri ment shallcomo to children by deferring of thecir confirmation, lhe shall know for truth that it is certain by God's word thlat chihlren being baptized (if they dep art out of this life in their infancy) ro undoubtedly saved." The words "elss not" do not appear in our first reformed Lituergy, and therefore cotild nnt Iharve Ieen omitted. But to make it quite clear that the doctrino you ineorrectly fisten upon the English Church was lot held sy her leading reformers, take this declaration from the chapter "Concerning Baptism," from thbo "Reformation of Eceles instleal Laws," a treatise drawn uip by Com missioners appointed in the reigns of Henry VIII and Edward, of whlom Cranmer was the first in rank : "'Tihirs also nughit to be considered a scrupulous snpersthition whoi so completely tie down thie grace of God andI thie loly Spirit to thie sacramental cleelnts, as explicitly to afirmu that no Infant of Clhristian parents can obtain eternal snalvation who dies helorn it mon hIe brouaghttob?ptism--anopinion far dilfferent from ours." 'Quod longe secushabirejudicamuas.' An expression indeed vwhlich ]?ad found its way into tihe baptismal servico of the first liturgy of Edward VI., 1840, from that of Luther, through the Latin reformed service of the Archblisop Herman of Cologne (1543) was omitted in thi second Liturgy of Ed ward VI., in 1552. It is in the prayer beforo baptism which ran thus --Tlat by this wholesalo lanver of regeneration, what aover sin is in them may be washed lean nlay ; that they, being delivered from Thy wrati, may be received into tirhe ark of Clhrlst's Church, and so savred from perish 'his prayer is not to be found in the n eient offices of the Church of Rome, but sems to have been origilnnlly composed by Lqther, though it is not in accordance with hip sentiments expressed elsewhere. "Althongll infants," he remarks, "bring into the world with them the depravity of their origin, yet it is an important con sideration that they have never tranws grossed the Divine commandants; and sinCo' Gpd is merciful, IIo will not, we may bo assured, suffer them to fare the worse, be cause, without their own fault, they have bhee deprived of baptism." 'So that this chance expression of Luther's \--contrary to his own sentiment, and which escaped notice in the baptismal service of our Liturgy from 1549 to 1552, but was than omitted, and which never existed in tire ancient oces of thire Church-is small ground aiough on whlcl to express your compas sion "for the ministers and clergy of the English Church," in the "great relief" they must have experienced I In conclusion, let meo observe that while minds capacious and independent as yours labor under such misapprehensions in regard to the Church of England and its doctrines, tihe hope ofchurch union will remain "Ideal." But if Episcopalians and non-Episcopalians willhonestly, and in the fear of God, try to learn with accuracy wherein they do essen tially diflhr, and why, then possibly. both may be able eventually, through the grace of God, to adjust their clocks and watches by the sun-dial of HIls revealed will.-I am, rev. Sir, yours faithfully and respectfully, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Rev. T. Binney. 