THE CONVERSION AND DEATH OF - ANNE HYDE, DUCHESS OF YORK. (From the Cell.) The year (1671)* begins in mourning for tho death of Anne, Duchess of York, the eldest daughter of Edward, Earl of Clarendon, late Lord Chancellor of England. After a growing corpulency that cast her into a long indisposition of health, she died in the 34th year of her age at the Palace of St. James, on Friday, March 31, between two and three in the afternoon : and on Wednesday, April 5, was interred in a large vault on the south side of King Henry VII. 's Chapel ; her body being accompanied from the painted chamber in the palace at Westminster, (whither it was privately brought front St. James's) by his Highness Prince Rupert, who appeared as chief mourner, and by most of tho nobility, who followed in order ; their Majesties' ' and Royal Highnesses' servants, and several gentlemen and persons of quality preceding the corpse to the place of interment, with the solemnities usually practised on the like occasions. The following very remarkable paper was written by her some few months before hct death — it is quite conclusive as to her religious sentiment* on the approach of that awful change. ' It is reasonable to expect, that a person always bred up in the Church of England, and as well in structed in the doctrine of it as tho best divines and her capacity could make her, should be liable to many censures for leaving that, and making herself a member of the Roman Catholic Church, to which, I confess, I was one of the greatest enemies it ever had, that I rather chose to satisfy my friends by their reading this paper, than to have the trouble to answer all the questions that may be daily asked me. And first, I do protest, in the presence of Almighty God, that no per3on, man or woman, directly or indirectly, ever said nny thing to me since I came into England, or used the least en deavour to make me change my religion — it is a blessing I wholly owe to Almighty God, and I hope the hearing of a prayer I daily made him ever since I was in France and Flanders ; where, seeing the devotion of the Catholics, (though I had very little mysell), I made it my continual request to Almighty God, that if I were not, I might before I died, be in the true religion. I did not in the least doubt but that I was so, and never had any scruple till No vember last (1699), when reading a book called the History of the Reformation, by Doctor lleylin, which I had hoard very much commended, and have been told, if ever I had any doubt of my religion, that would settle me, instead of which I found in it the description of the most horrid sacrileges in tho world, and could find no reason why we left the Church, but for three the most abominable ones that were ever heard of among Christians. First, Henry VIII. renounces the Pope's authority, because he would not give him leuve to part with his wife, and marry another in her lifetime. Secondly, Edward VI. wan a child and governed by his uncle, who made his estate out of Church-lands. And then, Queen Eliznbeth, being no lawful heiress to the crown, could have no way to keep it but by renounc ing a Church that could never suffer so unlawful a thing to be done by one of her children. I confess, I cannot think the Holy Ghost could ever be in such councils j and it is very strange, that if the Bishops had no design, but (as they say) the res toring us'to the doctriire of the primitive Church, they could never think upon it till Hijnry VIII. made the breach upon so unlawful a pretence. These scruples Icing raised, I began to consider of the difference between the Catholics and us, and examined them as well as I could by the Holy Scripture, which, though I do not pretend to be able to understand, yet there are some things I found so easy, that I cannot but wonder I had been so long without finding them out — as, the ' Real Presence in the Blessed Sacrament ; the Infalli bility of the Church ; Confession, and Pray ing for the Dead.' After this I spoke severally to two of the Bishops ?)? we have in England, who both told me there were many things in the Roman Catholic Church which it were very much to be wished we had kept, as Confession, which was no doubt commanded by God — that praying for the dead was one of the ancient things in Christianity — that for their parts, they did it daily, though they would not own it. And after wards, pressing one of them very much upon the other points, he told mo — 'that if he had been bred a Catholic he would not change his religion ; but that being of another Church (wherein he was sure there were all things necessary to sulvution) .ho thought it very ill to give that scandal, as to leave the Church wherein he received his baptism.' All these discourses did but add more to the desire I had to bo a Catholic, and gave me the most terrible agonies in the world within myself. For all tlris, fearing to be rash in a matter of such weight, I did all I could to satisfy myself, made it my daily prayer to God to settle me in the right, and so went on Christmas Day to receive in the King's Chapel. After which, I was more troubled than ever, and could never be at quiet, till I had told my detign to a Catholic, who brought a prieat to me, and that nai the firft I ever did converse with upon my word. The more I spoke to him, the more I was confirmed in my design ; and, as it is impossible for me to doubt the words of our Blessed Saviour, who says, The Holy Sacrament it his Body and Blood, so I can not believe that He who is the author of all Truth, and has promised to be with his Church to the end of the world, would permit them to give that Holy ?Mystery to the laity but in one kind, if it were not lawful so to do. ' I am not able, nor if I wore would I enter into any disputes with anybody. I only, in short, say this for the changing of my religion, which I take God to witness I would never have doire, if I had thought it pOBsiblo to savo my soul otherwise. I think I need not say it is my interest in this world leads me to it. It will ho plain enough to every body that I must lose all the friends and credit I have hero by it — I have very well weighed which I could best part with, my share in this world or tho next. I thank God 1 found no difliculty in the choice. ' My only prayer is, ' That the poor Catholics of this nation may not slider for my being of their religion— that God will hut give menatienco tobear them, and then send me any afilictionsin this world, so I may enjoy a blessed cter..ity hereafter.' ' NmvsPAPKit Moktautv. — It is said thnt within tho last thruo years 150 papers hove coasod to exist. Tho nmount of capital thuB investod and lost must havo bcon large. The recklessness with which nowspapor speculations nro undcrtakon is inly, astonishing — tho result, without great ability and largo cnpitnl, is cortain dofchb Al'TKMl'TKD POISONINO BY A NoilIiHMAN. ? The Turin journals relate a strange affair — tho condemnation to death, by the court of appeal of that city, of a certain Barm Profumo on the chargo of having attempted lust Christmas to poison, by means of .bonbons, a French gentleman named Hinard, who had been sent irom Paris to superscilo him, on account of certain irregularities of his as manager of tho C.odit Mobilicr. Tin condemna tion took place by default, the baron having fled to England. In the course of the proceedings, it was stated that, in order to deceive M. Hinard, the poisoned bonbons were placed in a box which bore the name and address of a well known Parisian manufacturer nf bonbons. 