S#-~THE ¡ W'AE.>, í: PRUSSIA PROTESTS. 1 (From the Times; May 17.) The substitution of the vigorous and fanatical Reckberg for Count Buol as the Chief Minister of Austria coincides singularly with the speech of the Prussian 'Regent oil ' closing the Session of the Diet at Berlin. The Regent, who has been for the last few weeks beset by Austria, the Minor German States, and his of a people on the one side, and by France on the other, has refrained until now from the use of any language which could bind Prussia to any definite course of action He has consistently declared that Prussia would consider her duty as a great European Power, as well as a member of the German Federation. The French Government has trusted much to, the proverbial slowness and irresolution of Germans and even now the notion at Paris is that the Teutonic enthusiasm will waste itself in newspaper articles and indifferent poetry, and that Austria will be left to fight her own battles. Whatever be the result, it would appear, however, that the Prussian Regent thinks the time come for firm language and a warlike attitude. The whole Prussian army has been put on a war footing, the Federal fortresses are being rapidly garrisoned, and every State in Germany has its war budget, that of Prussia having been voted unanimously by the Legislature a few days since. Bavaria and Wurtem- berg tire hardly to be restrained from marching their troops southward at once, and Hanover last week had the audacity to propose an army of observation on the Rhine. It is at this momentous crisis that, the Recent closes the Berlin Chambers with an address which, though couched in general terms, and possibly not intended to be followed by any offensive movement, is sufficiently remarkable. "We may quote it once more, "Prussia," says the Regent, is determined to maintain the basis of European public right and the balance of power in Europe. It is Prussia's right and duty to stand up for the security, the protection, and the national interests of Germany, and she will not resign the assertion of these her. prerogatives, Prussia expects that all the German Confederate Powers will stand firmly by her side in the fulfilment of that mission, and trusts that her readings to defend the common Fatherland will merit, their con- fidence." We all know what such words' would mean in the speech from the Throne of an English Sovereign. What they signify! in the Councils of German Royalty remains to be soon. But they give evidence'' of what we have been long urging-the grave character of the present" complica- tions, and the possibility that they may throw the whole of Europe into a flame, The Germans have" not forgotten the lessons of the pass They are not to be "deceived by protestations from either East or West. Mhigliug more than, we- of with both French and Russians, and belonging to that Continental fraternity from which we keep or are kept apart, they divine the truth of the situation by a sort of instinct. They know what the. French army and the French" populace, desire, and they know' that a Bonaparte on the throne will not fail to gratify the feeling, if he can. Extension of territory on the north-east frontier by the absorb. l tion of the Rhine Provinces, Belgium, and' perhaps Holland, might as well be the work of a French Army of the Rhine as the reduction of the Italian Peninsula to a dependence on France in the work of an Army of Italy. , They believe that, sooner or later, the struggle must come, if the French be allowed to establish, a military; ascendancy in Europe. Then the cost or the allied peace is exhausting the ascends ¿esoù'i'flOR of Germany. We ourselves may well look with consternation at the financial prospect before us. If such be the condition of our secure and easily do fended island, what must be l,||p ])i'q$n,acj¡ to Germany, which, may be made at any mention]!. the theatre of w or, and see the fruits of forty years swept away in a campaign f. These are the considerations which have aroused the most peaceful people of Europe into a frenzy, and we must own that the nation is not an" . natural. ' Yet it cannot but be felt that there is something Vilguo in the speech of the Prussian, Regent, and that the world can. ? not yetnndcratand whether the independ- ' ence of Central Europe is to be vindicated by the successor of the Great Frederick. Prussia, in the opinion of calm observers, , "doth protest too much." To read the . paragraphs we have quoted, and the orations in the Berlin Chambers, one would (think; that" the" whole force of Germany was at once to be launched against the French disturbers of the peace. But, in all the enthusiasm of Germany there is an evident anxiety for foreign assistance and a want of confidence in native strength which lead us to doubt the immediate result of the Berlin demon- " Stratton's. Now, if. Germany does lick think herself strong enough, pp holds enough to interfere in this morel, without counting on furlliM^Bs^stqñcc she" had better remain tranquil, and allow the wine to be fought' out W the two Powers actual ally engaged. Wollomai feel called upon to give advice either to the Federa- tion or to any constituent Slate. Thew r are competent to judge for ^hemâély'é^ '" and the thirty millions who inhabitant Austrian Germany may be safely left to decide whether a war in Italy and on the Adriatic coast, with the prospect of a lure complications on the Rhine,' are matters which demand Which' speedy interference. 'Far he it from us to persuade I' them to. a conflict which must be most stubborn and exhausting. Unless they are prepared for a display of energy and activity beyond their usual temper, they may as well give up the thought of inter-' ' ference. 'Tiley must be ready, without any promise of help from any quarter, 'to'' make 'an offensive movement on the Rhine against the whole strength of the a French people, and with the' ' chance of a Russian attack in the'' rear. That they are strong enough for such a campaign is possible ; but still it is a very different matter from a display of undiplomatic- partisanship or national sympathy. It must be evident that ! Geriloany can never enter into this quarrel unless he is ready to measure swords with France on some other field than Italy. It cannot be doubted that if de- ' ' duration of war by the Confederation, or J even the active support of Austria by a portion of the States, will generalize those war most effectually. Success would then be only possible by the boldest " movements on the north-east frontier pts . Frances Unless Germany is ready to " place an immense army on the Rhine',' ' unlessPrussiu is resolute to earlier part in.' ' ' this expense, the French must necessarily be left to themselves, We, as neutral]' ' ' spectators, can see that the motto of the ¡l German rulers and representatives Inn ' only be justified by the most complete preparation and the most fieterni'incfj counsels. to speak as they have spoken), presumes a fixed intention to stop the progress of French arms. in this pro« i ceeding they must golf is? no help from, us, There are, no doubt, certain evenings parties which may bring England into the war, but none of them has as yet arrived. We see in Italy only twO not unfairly matched armies, and apprehend no names ditto danger to the balance of power, though it may be that, French military ambition is preparing great evils for Europe. If the Germans are wise, the? war will at least calmly wait to see whiting army fights best in the Italian "War, and,, 1 ', whether the Empire they propose whole it is able in the of need to show itself worthy of such assistance Should they,,,. however, prefer the risk of war, they are, rl. surely strong enough to check the; French Emperor without conjuring 1 up arms " Ghost of Chatham," and clamouring for the help of England, 