A telegeam containing the chief items of news from Europe and America, brought to Melbourne, by the Salsette, the pioneer . steamer of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, will be found in another column. The news, although in the ordinary sense of the term, unimportant, contains several points of interest, chief amongst which is the settlement, under protest, of the Portuguese-. French difficulty. The circumstances . under which this dispute originated are of a very simple character, and as this is the only real point of European political interest which, the mail by the Salsette has brought us, we feel assured that a statement of the facts of the case, as figuring in ihe first leader of the Times of October 18, will not 'be' TuvacceptabielioTbTe reader.' Our great London contemporary, in his usual succinct and felicitous manner, thus narrates the facts of the case:— . ' A French, vessel, the Charles et Georges, is found by the Portuguese authorities of Mozambique on a part of the coast interdicted to tlxe approach of foreigners,: be cause an approach. -to it in that particular point is regarded by the Portuguese Government as almost con clusive evidence of an attempt to' carry on the slave trade. On 'board the ship were 110 negroes' and a dale gate of the French Government. - The delegate and cap tain, stated to the Portuguese authorities, that the men were there by their own 'free consent,' having engaged themselves to go as labourers to the Island of Reunion, that the negroes had regular passports from the authori ties at Mozambique, and that the vessel was lying off the interdicted portion of the coast for the purpose of obtain ing a surgeon. To this it was answered by the Portu guese, that a surgeon wag to be found at Mozambique, and was not to be found on that port of'lhe coast. The negroes were examined, and declared one and all that they were carried off against their .will and not in virtue of any agreement, and the passports spoken of turned out to be dosumeuts furnished jby a native chief, who pro bably was the person from whom the negroes were obtained. Under, these circumstances the vessel was seized as a ' slaver and sent to Lisbon for adjudication. On hearing of this the French Govern ment have sent two men-of- war to the Tagustowake with ihe thunder of their guns the echoes of the Bock of Lisbon, have peremptorily demanded the surrender of the Charles et Georges within 48 hours, 'have given orders to the fleet at Toulon to holditself in readiness to sail, and twice verbally refused the offer of the Portu guese Government to submit -the matter to the arbitra tion of a third Power. The latest accounts hold out er hope, indeed, that a friendly arrangement may be ex pected, but matters are stall in an uncertain state. The ground on which the French Government is understood to rely is that the presence of a French delegate on board the ship necessarily, implied such absolute innocence of any design of slave-trading that the Portuguese Govern ment was bound to be satisfied with it at once, and to inquire no further, and that compared with this conclu sive proof all matters of suspicion or irregularity become absolutely insignificant, and ought to t-e thrown aside as ol no account whatever. 'To us the mere merit* of this controversy, assuming the&ots; to be correctly stated above, appear to present no difficulty whatever. ' We know not what proof can be required of aa offence of this kind if the facts which we have just alleged are not to be held sufficient. The vessel wasibund in flagrant delict, with Ihe negroes actually on board her, and they stated, -when examined, that they were there, not by their, own free wiU, but under the com pulsion of superior fproe. ,lf it beaaid that the captain and delegate were deceived in fhe matter and believed these people to have gone tot board voluntarily in pursu ancrof iwa^rsejaentiolaboruj ti» colony of Reunion which 'they -folly understood, we'may^ask why the ship was taken :to an unusoaland intfiEdictedStation, why an utterly; absAird reason- wis -given' IRw-'iier going there, and why fiils j statements w-ere 'made i- with regard to passports ~ -ironi . : the ' Portuguese authorities at Mozambique ? These things showed not only that the French captain and delegate were doing wrong, but that they knew it, and, 'Coupled with the feet that they had a hundred and ten negcoes on board, made out as complete a case as the nature of the transaction could possibly admit. -To- all this the -French had nothing to oppose except a conclusive presumption invented by themselves, that it is absolutely impossible for a delegate of the French Government to lend himself to a slave trading transaction ; and that, therefore, such a tran saction must be assumed to be impossible whatever evidence there be to the contrary. We are not aware that the law of nations recognizes aa one at its principles the absolute impeccability and incorruptibility of the agent of a foreign Government, or considers that Govern ment to be entitled, by placing a delegate on board a ship bearing its flag, to give that ship a licence to violate with impunity the obligations of treaties and the police regu lations of a friendly State. We, therefore, feel no diffi culty in concluding that on the merits of' the question the great Power ia entirely in. the wrong, and the little one isjentirely in the right. Notwithstanding the decided tone of the opinion indicated in tiie above extract, Portugay lflre our ancient friend Mr. Pistol, has heeh compelled to eat the leek with- becoming humility. From the Tagus we turn towards Italy, and find 'the sons of that glorious but down- trodden land of g_euius once more combining together for the attainment of the freedom which poets have aspired for, and which patriots hare hitherto failed to realize. Sardinia is a country deeply innoculated with the love ofindependence, but whether she will ever become the nurse, the guide, and guardian of Italian republicanism, is a problem which a more daring man than the writer of these rough passing comments would scarcely venture to commit to paper. When we received our telegram by the fioyal Charter, it was known that the lips .of the AtlanticTelegraph had been momentarily opened, and tnat a sound or nope had winged its way along the buried cable. The Salsette, however, brings news of a collapse. Battery after battery is put in motion, but the sleepy- wire refuses to listen to. the voice of the charmer, charm he never so wisely. Every lover of science, of progress, and of peace, will regret the untoward circumstances which have so unfortunately interfered with the working of the Atkntic Telegraph. The success of Lord Elgin m concluding a treaty with Japan, by which five new ports will be opened to British enterprise, is an additional feather in the cap of a man who on many occasions has deserved well of his country. The long contemplated cutting of the Suez canal seems to have been commenced in good earnest ;. and as the accomplishment of the work, which is to be done in three years, will have a most important influence in the shape of transit to. India and Australia, its progress will be watched with great interest. The American intelligence simply confirms all we. knew before concerning the immense I033 sustained by the conflagration at the New York Crystal Palace. Those magnificent works of Art, Kiss's Amazon, and Maroehetti's gigantic Statue of Washington, which Sculptors loved to look upon as marvels from the chisels of men. who had drawn down from heaven the inspiration which enabled them to quicken the cold and stolid marble into life, and make it take those won drous forms which become 'things of beauty and joys'for ever, are numbered with the things that were. In Turkey, the ' Old Man' continued to be ' very sick.' From all that we can glean, it may safely be affirmed that the. most skilful leech beneath the sunshine will not be able to bring the patient back to a state of conva lescence. And now a word about things nearer home. Notwithstanding the many predictions to the contrary, which we know have been freely in dulged in both in this colony, and in that of Vic toria, it appears that John Thomas Smith ia likely to resume the Melbourne civic ehair, with, all' the blushing honors of Knighthood thick and full upon him. . Our drab friend, John Bright, has been dis tinguishing himself at Birmingham, where he is reported to have made a sensational speech against what is. styled the privileged classes of English society. Potter, one of the merchant princes of Man chester, has paid the debt of nature. His place in Parliament is sought to be filled by Mr. Pasley, who respectfully solicits the votes and interest of those who have the power of placing him in that seat which was once so well occupied by the senator who now rests from his labors. Thus ends the reading of our* telegram. The Bishop of Adelaide has written in reply to the last letter of Mr. Binney. Oar readers wih remember that letter, and especially those power ful passages which laid bare the true reason of the lnabuiiy of Episcopal Churchmen to frater nize with the ministers of other denominations. We must confess to having read 4h.e Bishop's letter with feelings of pain. . All who are ac quainted with the history of this most extraor dinary attempt at Christian .union will at once recollect the warm and inviting terms in which the Bishop first courted the acquaintance of Mr. Binney. The ardent language of bis Lordship naturally 'led Mr. Binney to believe that the hour of fraternal union had really arrived. That ardent language, also, found a glad response in the 'breasts of numerous mem bers of the Church of England, who had long wished for the demolition of the miserable barrier that separated kindred spirits. That ardent language awoke . a responsive echo from the lips of His Excellency, from many persons of high and commanding influence, from the press in- all its sections, and from no mean portion of the South Australian public. Delusiveliopes ! The voice of opposition was heard ; the Bishop -was alarmed [ at . iis . own outspokenness. His clergy called Min back ; he hasted to retreat ; and as he retraceS-his footsteps, drew arrow after arrow from the -.quiver of controversy to show why he ought not, as a minister, to recognise the orders of another minister, in whose favor he had a short time before made so enthusiastic a demonstration.' We are desirous not to be misunderstood. We fuUyadmit that the clergy of theEpiscopal Church have as much right to insist upon the essential nature of Prelatical ordination as the non Episcopal clergy have to insist upon its indiffe rence. We will also do the Bishop the justice of saying that he argues well for the new ecclesias tical position he has now taken up. .Perhaps he may say that it is not a new position ; that it is quite compatible with the impassioned language he originally addressed to Mr. Binney. Then let it be so. We have no wish to show that the Bishop has affirmed direct oppoeites, either in facts or arguments. But this we insist upon, that the effect of the Bishop's reasoning at first, and of his reasoning now, is totally different. At first the question was— Why can we not unite P Now: the question is — How can we unite? At first the Bishop could not see what separated himself and clergy, ministerially, from Mr. Binney. Now the Bishop' cannot see by what means he and his clergy' can ministerially co-operate ? with Mr. Binney. At first the Bishop's language stimulated every liberal element in the Churches. Now his language chills every liberal aspiration and re-animates the soul of torpid forms ; the cavilling spirit of antiquated Tn?»rvmB. At first the Bishop's lan guage excited popular hope in the Millenium of Christian, charity ; now it dashes that hope to the ground, and coirpels the unwilling belief that Christian Churches and Christian Union are incompatible terms. Addressing Mr. Binney, the Bishop says— « Had it been all along seen, as you now clearly Bee, that we cannot recognise your orders (though we do not take upon ourselves to reject as ineytxtuous your ministerial acts ot oap tizing in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost), I should not have been asked, as X have Ireqiiently been, to admit Non-Episcopalian ministers to officiate in our Churches, banal-grounds, schoolrooms, and to co-operate with them in works essential to the prophetical office of the ministry, such aa distribution of religions tracts, missions to the bush, Sunday-school teachers' union, and lately to open our pulpits lawmditianally for their use. The role, however, on which we act has been plainly laid down for us. We do not forbid Non- Episcopalian ministers to * cast out devils by preaching Christ's name and Ws Gospel, because they follow not its ;' but neither, on the other hand, do toe find any warrant for ? following' them. ' His Lordship then justifies repudiation of Mr. Binney's ministerial status by means of the fol lowing quotatioift : — (From the Preface of the Ordination Service. 1 'It is evident unto all men diligently residing the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the Jwwttes1 time there have been these Orders of ministers in Christ's Church —Bishops, Priests, 'and Deacons; which offices were ever more had in such reverend estimation, that no man might presume to execute any of them except he were first called, Tied, examined, and known to have such- qualities as are re quisite for the earns ; and also by public prayer, with imposi tion of hands, were approved and. admitted thereunto by lawful .authority. And, therefore, to the intent that these Orders 'mag oe c-fh#naaA and re verentljr used and esteemed in the Uviitei.CliArdiof England and Inland, no man shall be aooouuted or taken to be a lawful Bishop. Priest, or Deaoon in the United Church of England and-Irelknd, or suffered*) exe cute any of the said functions, except be lie called, tried, examined, and admitted thereunto according to the; form hereafter following, ox hath hud ftxmexir Bpkeoptl eoaiecra tlonof'opaiBatt-»a? - - ??? ? , The twenty-third Article : — 'It is notlawiai for any man to take upon him. the offloa of public preaching or ministering the sacraments' in the congregation' before he be lawfully called and s»nt to pxw.t? the. same; and those we ought ta judge lavrfaliy caiicd .inJ sent, which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send ministers unto the Lord's vineyard. R The' Bishop, fortified by these quotations, then remarks : — 'Could I then as an honest man, invite you to preach hi ourpulpits? But as I could not do so. I felt 'pressed, in spirit to shew you haw I and multitudes of others in the Church of England valuei. piety, eloquence, and ability, in. non -Episcopalian ministers; and how much we wished tiat theff would rectnvsifier those points of discipline which tlteff number with 'things indifferent,' but are we bound in con science to hold &st; as being of Apostolic orUnn and possess ing scriptural autherity. Neither Lutherans, nor Camnists, nor Wesleyans, nor even 'independent' Independents, like yourself assert Episcopacy, or Creeds to be unacriptural or unlawful, though they maintain that they are 'not of ot-U- gation.' Non-^Episcopalians then would violate no rule of conscience by adopting either one or the other ; other a freely elected Episcopate in its primitive form, or a form of sound words, whereby 'the sunk- fence'' of which you spesk, between the Episcopal and more recent Denominational Presbyterian. Churches, would so far be filled up and disappear.' In. other words, if Mr. Binney and his co religionists will become Churchmen, then, atid not till then, will Churchmen fraternize with them. ~We do not blame Churchmen for hold ing this sentiment ; but we do think that if such was the opinion of the Bishop when he wrote his first loving letteE to Mr. Binney, he allowed his affections greatly to preponderate over his judg ment. The cause of complaint is not that his Lordship entertains such views, but because entertaining such views, he originated a move ment based on the supposition that his views were widely different. His Lordship thus felicitates himself upon the discomfiture of those ' eager spirits ' who, fool ishly following his guidance, have found them* selves left in the lurch :— 'I am not sony that some few eager spirits, who attempted to clear the * sunk fence' at a bound, should have stumbled and fallen therein ; or to adopt your military metaphor, they have not blown in the coonterscarf of the ditch, and planted then- banners o#the breach of a mined Eniswmacv. That fortress we cannot abandon ; because we believe its bniworks to be of apostolic origin and to have the sanction of Scripture And if our non- episcopalian friends cannot join it and form part of the garrison, let them believe and give us credit for acting 'conscientiously* in maintaining our Tninwtcrift^ reserve. Let them cease to talk of 'dominant Church,' 'In tolerant hierarchy,' Sea., as the cause of disunion. We have as much right to remain Episcopalians, as they had to become non-Episcopalians. The foxes in the fable were justified in declining to reform themselves by a '.fraternal curtailment.* ' . Passing by the elegant reference to curtailed clergymen, we next quote the Bishop on creeds. His Lordship says : — ' Look to theTiistory of Protestantism itself I What Pro testant Church did not. at the Reformation, pnt forth its Confession ? Is that of Angsburgh a dead letter ? Not until the Helvetic Confession of Calvin's Church had been abny. paled by the Rationalistic Government of Genoa as a tent for its State Clergy, did a new evangelical reformation, inaujgu rated by D'Aulpgne and Malan, become necessary there, let me further ask what has become of the orthodoxy of the old Presbyterian Churches in England? Wliat is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of Antrim? Was it not from the absence of a creed that the Lady He-vley Charity came to be dragged into a court ot law? Did the absence of articles pre vent the 'Rivulet' controversy, and prevent the foun tain of Gospel truth pore and unde&led;? Not long ago I had- the. pleasure of receiving from you a sermon,, entitled ,'The Apostles's Creed.' Now, If the Apostles held a creed, that is certain troths in dispensable to -the Gospel of Salvation, and if you have endeavored to define these truths, surely a creed in itself is neither useless nor needless, * yourself being judge.' X might also refer to your friends, the Wesleyans, whom you once offended, by plainly telling them ' that they must be either Dissenters or Schismatics ;' yet they have a creed, and a tolerably. loog_ one, too— one, also, of purely uninspired composition, which, nevertheless, you yourself have morally subscribed before you preached in their chapel 1 I know not whether yon are Arminian or Calviniet, or neither. Bat every Wesleyan minister is bound by Wesley's model trust deed to preach no * doctrine or practice contrary to what It contained in certain notes on the New Testament, commonly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley, and in the first four volumes of sermons commonly reputed .to be written and published by him. 'Talk of Popery and the Council of Trent, and of the infallibility of the Pope 1 -These are * mote*' not more huge than this Wesleyan beam.' ' Again, we say, that all this is very- good eccle siastical argument against the union, of High Church and Independency ; but surely the Bishop knew from the beginning of the correspondence what his own convictions were — knew -what the views of his clergy were— knew what the Epis copal body generally believed — knew the general tenor of Mr. ?'Binney's sentiments — knew the general sentiments of the non-Episcopalian deno minations of this colony ? Surely he knew all this ; and, if so, why did he raise the standard of union, if only to trail it in the mire with Ms own hands as soon as an enemy approached P Was he not the standard bearer P Was he not nobly supported? Yet has he disappointed the hopes of those who thought they saw in him the leader of a new religious reform. The Bishop has lacked the moral courage to carry out his own firstex pressed intentions, and he now retires from the honorable position which he once occupied, con demned by those whose hopes he has deceived, and mistrusted by those to whose objections he has sacrificed his first and better thoughts: Cottntet Mechanics' Institutes. — Thkri- day's Government Gazette contains an announce ment that the vote on the Estimates for aid to country Mechanics' Institutes; for the half year ending June 30, 1859, cannot be apportioned until the claims of the several. Institutes shall have been received and decided upon. It will 'be seen. by the advertisement which appears in another column of this paper, that the Secretaries of the various country Institutes are;- therefore, re quested to forward to the office of the Chief secretary, on or before the 1st proximo, particu lars of their respective claims to a portion of the vote, to be certified as correct in each case by the President of the Institute. The Eabm and G-abden. — The January num ber of this very creditable representative of the Horticultural and the Agricultural interest has just' made its appearance. As usual, it contains many letters froni various parts of the colony, and as these are contributed by men of practical experience they form a very valuable part of our contemporary's columns. The -.present number also contains the copy of the opening lecture delivered by Mr. Wilson at the last meeting of the Farmer's Club. The struggles of the past, and the agricultural prospects of the future are ably enlarged upon. It is well worth reading. '£. W.' enriches the Poet's Corner with some genial lines appropriate to, and characteristic of an Australian Christmas. We congratulate our contemporary upon the success of his useful un dertaking, and nope it will go on prospering and to prosper. 