THE IRISH REVIVALS. (From the Times, September 17th.) THE Irish religious revivals have been now for some time exciting so much curiosity that tourists go to the North to see the phenomenon. Explanation has been more than usually ingenious, and psychologists have brought them under a particular head — the genus hysterical. It has been observed that preachers pitch their note at a particular height, and go on upon it, which note is ascertained to be the hysterical note, known to medical men as having a particular effect upon nervous systems, working them up to a sort of frenzy, if long dwelt upon. We presume this explanation allows some room for the force of doctrine and theological influences as well, otherwise a pitchpipe could work a religious revival. As far as we can make out, there seems no particular difference between this Irish and other religious revivals. These manifestations are perfectly well known facts of religious life. There are local revivals going on always in the Methodist districts in this country ; it is only when the spiritual inoculation is on's particularly large scale that it attracts notice, as it does now. There appears to have been a great many of the common effects produced on this occasion — people struck in a moment with violent overwhelm- ing impressions, which makes them fall to the ground, where they lie stupefied or uttering cries. The feel- ing which throws the victim into this it is said to be an intense sudden conviction of sin, which in an in- stant lightens up the darkness within made visible by the momentary glare. The sinner starts back in horror at the cavern in which he at once finds himself ; he sees death straight before him; the revelation of Divine wrath is too much for the mortal frame to bear, and he becomes insensible. This is '"conversion." It is supposed that the dreadful vision is never parted with, even when the victim has revived after the prostration produced by the first sudden sight of it, but that it accompanies him through life, and makes it, as it were impossible that he should fall back into habitual sin again. Miraculous effects, marvellous coincidences, second- sights, sounds in the air, heavenly impulses, and mysterious visiting from the invisible world accompany these occasions, and the Irish revival seems to have its share of them. Young women are particularly favoured with these communications. The extracts from the Irish papers yesterday in our columns gave some instances. These miraculous impressions and violent effects are said, however, to be the exceptions, the main result of the movement being increased serious- ness of the ordinary kind, crowded attendance at places of worship, and a general apparent awakening of religious feeling. It must be remembered that the Dissenters have a different standard of conversion from that of the Church. Our sects, and especially the Methodists, look upon " conversion " as a sudden thing _; they do notrecognizegradualconversion,takingnlace insensibly in the course of time, as the result of slow ordinary influences; individuals indeed may think this "conversion," but the popular creed only acknowledges the other kind. The sudden conversion of the individual being the ordinary rule, we have only to add the gregarious or sympathetic principle, and we see immediately that extraordinary effects must be sometimes pro- duced So long as sudden individual conversion goes on in a scattered way it is a quiet thing enough, but the instant people are converted suddenly, and also converted together, there is of course a scene, and a movement begins. All the conversions that would otherwise take place separately know take place con- gregationally, in public, amid the stimulants and ex- citements of the preacher's appeals; spark kindles spark, the whole effect is multiplied tenfold by sym- toms, and makes it more of a phenomenon. A church of England congregation could never become a scene of this demonstrative sort, because, if it were addressed ever so effectively and powerfully, if the preacher were not a Canon of Westminster, but an angel from Heaven — its standard of conversion does not allow suddenness, or therefore give room to the action of sympathy. Three thousand of them might be under- going conversion at once, and nobody would see any- thing; it would be all as noiseless and invisible as thought itself. The glacier like movement would not attract the slightest attention, and the whole mass would go out of church looking very much the same as when they went in, because the process in their case is long and steady, takes its time, does not hurry itself, and has no tangible and sensible climax. There is no fear, then, that either St. Paul's or Westminster s Abbey will ever witness after the most "awakening" succession of sermons in the naves, such effects as these. But where the principle of sudden conversion reigns it must be always liable to an extraordinary develop- ment under the influence of the additional principle of sympathy. the principle of sympathy will pro- duce a scene, one scene will produce another scene, and so the movement will spread. It is difficult to ensure exactly the praise or the blame of a whole religious revival like the present one in Ireland. Religion, unfortunately, hardly ever gets the aid of impulse and excitement without getting great deal more of it than it wants, and being overwhelmed by its ally. But it does want a certain amount of this, and there- fore when he gets it, even though the excess will be in- jurious, it will have gained an advantage to a certain point. A great many people have, doubtless, had serious impressions implanted in them at such times, which they never afterwards lose. Even the fanatical excesses of such a movement bear witness, amid their extravagance and their delusions, to the deep power of the religious principle in human nature, to its reality and life., The fair appears to be, when we sift the matter to the bottom, that the make ao spiritual luxury, and a dramatic excitement of a principle which was implanted in human nature as a motive to action. The sense of the supernatural is most excellent as a basis, something at the bottom of the mind which makes it act with reference to another world. But if this sense of the superna- tural is drawn out of its modest practical place, in which it does most real service and work, up to the surface of things, and indulged in on its own account simply as having to do with the supernatural and invisible world, it then become a mere luxury and excitement, just like any dramatic appeal to any passion or sentiment. It is evident what an intense interest all forms of allusion to the supernatural world all conjectures about it, even the wildest fancies about it, when, vividly expressed, create. Anybody who has heard a good ghost' story well told has observed this. These revivals do, in a different form, surround people for the time with an atmosphere of supernaturalism, with its characteristic interests and attractions. People feel as if they were relieved from the dry prosaic pressure of common life, and were transplanted to a scene of spontaneous wonderland mystery, where deep impressions were the order of nature, and could be got and sustained without effort. These violent demonstrations — the sudden prostration, the horror, the stupefaction, the ecstasy — all speak of invisible influences at work around them; and impart the idea of belonging to another world. The idea is sustained professedly as a conscientious duty, but is really in- dulged as an unconscious luxury — a spiritual luxury — a luxury of religious sentiment and imagination. This is a form of pleasure and excitement which is not confined to mediaevalists, or poets, mesmerits, or spirit rappers; the rigid Puritan is as open to it as the reader of romances, and the Irish' Presbyterian, Baptist, and Independent Revivalist feels it in his way as much as the Romanist believes in virgin's visits and Addoloratas. 