I PRESIDENT MONROE AND HIS DOCTRINE. | I [From the New York Times.) | lp there be any sense of earthly things in souls set free the late President Monroe must look with mingled scorn and surprise upon the scene of his mortal labours With scorn, certainly as finding that the lapse of thirty years has made me no wiser, that grave national questions are handled now, as in his time they were, in the spirit of sixpenny partisan passion and that the highest office in the land has become a mere Court of Appeals for Tammany hall, in which the squabbles of New York wire pullers take precedence of the most important debates of war and peace as between the nations of the world, and surely with surprise, to find that he himself is playing a part he never dreamed of in his country 's history that his venerable ghost (left sleeping quietly so long within the borrowed grave to which his country s prudent economy consigned her chief's remains) has been invoked. to stand before the Secretary of State 's office and warn all foreign intruders off these premises, uomgakmdof myStical police- man s duty) towards the Kingdoms of the earth in the year 1823 Air Monroe, then President of the United States, was advised by Mr Rush, then our Minister at London, that the Holy Alliance of Austria, Russia, Prussia, and France, having resolved to set the European house in order b) knocking Riego and the Spanish Liberals on the head, had also determined to bring america to reason, to re-establish the Cas- tillan sw a) in the New World, and to strike down, in ever pi ice within their reach, whatever Power dared assert itself as founded on the right of the people to self gov eminent 1 his determination, however, v died, was a virtual denunciation of the tenure by which the House of Hanover held England, as well as of the claim of the United States to an independent existence England had, therefore, abstained from and protested against the joint action of the other Powers, and, through her Premier, Air Canning, she advised America to do likewise Inspired by his Secretary of State, John Quincy Adams, who was always ready to take up the gauntlet of despotism, whenever he found it thrown down on either side the Atlantic, Air Monroe responded to the appeal of England, and gave the rulers of Europe to understand, in the mildest ter has compatible with truth, that "we should consider any attempt on their part to extend their system to any portion of this hemisphere as dangerous to our peace and safety) ' " With the existing colonies or dependencies of any European Power, said Mr Monroe, "we have not interfered and shall not interfere But with, the American Governments who have declared their independence and maintained it and whose independence we have on great considerations and on just principles acknowledged, we could not view an) in- terposition for the purpose of oppressing them 01 courts oiling in any other manner their destiny, by any European Powe), in any other light than as the manifestation of an unfriendly disposition toward the United States "It is impossible, he continued, "that the Allied Powers should extend their political system to any portion of either continent without endangering our peace and happiness nor can any one believe that our Southern brethren, if left to themselves, would adopt it of their own accord It is equally impossible, therefore, that we should behold in) such interposition in any form with indifference Again, in December of the ensuing year, 1821, Ali Alomoe alluded to this subject, for the purpose of as- set ting the completeness of the organization of the New VA and the old "open territories' of the Americas, over which with a sublime disregard of the heathen abor lines and then disgusting uses, the Pope had exercised so absolute an authority), giving them away to his of other sons, were now said Air Alomoe, to be considered as closed No power was henceforth to take with the colonists of Europe such liberties as those colonists had taken with then tawny predecessors We had either exterminate 1 or suppressed the natives to that degree that we, with our Spanish friends to the south of us, had ourselves become the genuine natives Henceforth we should require to manage our j own affairs, and to settle our own w rate lands in our J 1 own way This was a discreet, decisive, and author- j | tativcr)ioclimation In fact it- opened a new era of a history. It announced the formation of an American system, which might undergo many modifications, but which must find its own law, and be within itself what Europe was and is-a self-administered, self-control- ling world of diverse interests, balancing and balanced under the operation of influences native to the general States. It was in this way the corollary of the declaration made the year before, and, as will be seen, had less reference to America beyond our limits than to Europe. It had, indeed, nothing to do with " manifest destiny," as now commonly understood with the extension of the area of freedom-with annexation, or with Filibusterism. # ? Judge, then, whether we are not right in saying that the shade of President Monroe would indeed be startled from its propriety (if there be propriety in shades !) on finding what the '. Monroe doctrine has become on the lips and from the pen of General Lewis Cass. For General Cass appeals to it as his authority for declaring that we could not peacefully behold the exercise of a protectorate by a European Power over any independent State of this continent, even at the request of that State. The appeal is idle. Not to speak of the gratification which such language receives from the fact that we have looked peacefully on upon at least two such protectorates-one in Honduras and one in Nicaragua-at any time these last ten or twenty years, the doctrine of Mr. Monroe will bear no such construction. It was conceived in a different spirit and for a very different end. We ourselves hold that General Cass has merely muddled a clear and sound idea. AAre believe ardently and firmly that the time must come and will, when any protectorate but that of the United States over an American nation will be impossible and when the flag of this country will be recognised throughout the continent as the symbol of peace and the guarantee of order. But we look for the advent of that time to a policy as unlike that of Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Cass as any policy can be to a policy offers vice abroad and law at home to a policy constitutional at once and progressive, clearing away the incum branches of the past by reforms in the sense of freedom, and opening the vistas of the future by bold assertions of absolute right. Meanwhile, let us forbear, if but for very shame, to trouble the ashes of our dead President. We have his family among us-its sad remnant, at least-ill cared for, wasting away While we leave them to their lonely want and silent endurance, let us not flaunt the name of Monroe upon banners thatheknevv not of, nor bear it in the van of enterprises from which his patriotism and his loyal good sense would have re- coiled with indignation. 