THE DEBATE IN THE PRUSSIAN CHAMBER. THE debate which took place in the Prussian Chamber of Representatives on the 12th of May, i when a Bill was presented for extraordinary supplies to provide for placing the army on a war footing, and for the eventualities of war, throws considerable light upon the state of feeling in Germany : M. de Schleinitz, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, in proposing the adoption of the Bill, expressed the hope that no orator would endeavour to throw obstacles in the way of the Government at so serious a juncture. It was not, however, his wish to impede free discussion, especially at a moment when it was desirable to ascertain the real sentiments of the country. M. de Vincko said he should have liked to have seen a little more energy and patriotic spirit in the Government report. He would speak with that sincerity which was due to the nation. No Prussian heart could conceive the idea of Prussia joining the Emperor Napoleon against Austria, (Loud cheers.) Prussians should never forget that Austria formed a German nucleus, and that they were bound to Austria by the sacred bonds of the Confederation. (Cheers.) He had no enmity towards France. Traditional hatred had passed away." Behold the Anglo- French alliance ! Frenchmen have qualities which we might envy, but they are superficial ones. "We have qualities which they do not possess a fear of God, a love of truth, of . justice, and consistency. The French are always a craving for what they call their national frontiers!" Another danger exists in the system actually in a force in France-a system developed in 1839 in the Ideas Napoléoniennes, according to which the war in Italy is but the first act of the drama. The others will be played upon the Rhine, then in England, then in Russia. He could not blame the Austrian ultimatum, in it had been blamed by the Government. If Austria has commenced the war, i she was driven to it. After alluding to the Emperor's words to Baron Hubner on New Year's Day, to the Sardinian marriage, the alliance with Piedmont, and the armaments of France, M. de Yinckc alluded to by Lord Derby's very 'unparliamentary' expressions, (loud applause) the ' aggression of Austria, which was only excusable on electioneering grounds, The Congress was nothing more than a subterfuge to give a France time to complete her armaments. As in all probability Prussia would have shortly to stand side by side with Austria on the field of battle, the sooner the disapproval of the Government of the policy of Austria was dropped the better. (Great sensation.) He did not think the moment had arrived for Ger- many to send an army to Italy. The resolutions of the Diet were not binding upon Prussia, to cause the Diet was re-installed in 1861, despite the representations of the country. The domination of Austria in Italy had no sympathies in Germany. He severely censured the despotic acts of Austria in Italy and her secret treaties. Moreover, Austria would never forgive Prussia for her influence in Germany, her Protestantism, her freedom of public instruction, and liberty of the Press. But it was very important to Prussia (though of no direct interest to Germany) that the power of Austria in Italy should not be weakened to the advantage of France and Sardinia. If it was true that France had concluded an alliance with Russia, then it was Prussia's duty to " arm to the teeth." It would then be requisite not only to mobilize the army, but to arouse the spirit of 1813, He believed that Belgium, Holland, and Switzerland would stand by Prussia that England would remember she was a great European Power, and that it was her interest not to tolerate the existence of a military Power that had threatened her naval pre-eminence. The ghost of Chatham would rise to warn her. She was Prussia's ally in the seven years' war, but even should who fail us we have another ally (said M. de Vincke, pointing to heaven), who will not abandon us. We will go to war with the old motto of Prussia, "Forwards, with God, for our King and country !" M. de Vincke sat down amid loud cheering, and for a few minutes the debate was stopped. M. de Schleinitz (Minister of Foreign Affairs) said that Prussia did not wish to dispute Austria's right to send an ultimatum to Sardinia ; but the Prussian Government felt it its duty to disapprove an act which it thought was impolitic, which it had energetically dis counselled, and which put an end to the hopes of pence. v 1 M. Henri d'Arnim (ex-Minister of Foreign Affairs, and ex Ambassador at Paris and Brussels) was of the opinion that the whole of Germany ought to give its adhesion to the vote which the Chamber would shortly give. Gentlemen the said, according to the 46th article of the final act of Vienna the present war in Italy does not concern the German Confederation. But according to public opinion here, is well as in the rest of Germany, the war touches us nearly. The final act of Vienna has the value of a fundamental law for Germany. But the great public voice of German nationality is a fundamental law of her national existence in a much more elevated sense, and this war, though only as yet touching the non-German provinces of a confederate State, may become a danger to the Confederation and for Germany. (Applause.) Does that mean to imply that we should enter Italy to assist Austria in pre- sent ing her Italian provinces, her influence over the rest of Italy, and, perhaps, in stifling the constitutional life of Italy: No! assuredly not! But Prussia ought to be prepared for every eventuality. Her culling is to defend the interests of Germany. M. Simson (ex-President of the National Assembly at Frankfort) declared that he had no sympathy whatever for the present system of government in France. " The man who has broken faith cannot restore it. " The end cannot justify the means. Since Sardinia had thought fit to join the revolution and call in foreigners into Italy she had lost all claim to respect. Prussia and Austria were at variance on many points. But Austria counted 8,000,000 Germans among her subjects ; there was therefore a German interest to support Austria. But the time had not yet come. Prussia should never allow herself to be actuated by a vote of the majority at Frankfort. When the time comes Prussia will' draw the sword and place her trust in the God of Battles. (Applause.) M. Burger (the reporter of the committee) stated that the policy of Prussia was not neutrality," but for the present an armed mediation. She was keeping guard over the maintenance of the balance of power in Europe, and reserved it to herself to take part in the war if her conditions were not accepted. The Chamber then proceeded to vote. The first proposal for a loan of 40,000,000 dollars was voted without discussion, amid great applause, and the other proposals for levying certain taxes, c, were also carried unani- mously.- Times. 