CHRISTMAS AMUSEMENTS. The holiday yesterday was, as regards Mel- bourne and its immediate environs, universally observed. The weather was anything but favour- able to the interests of pleasure parties, but neither hot wind, intense as it was, nor the suc- ceeding heavy rain had any effect in miti- gating either the hopes or the determina- tion of those bent upon enjoyment. Melbourne itself was completely deserted, Tom Nunn's mon- ster pudding being the sole incentive to halt in the dusty and, for many hours, waterless city. Waterless because the Yan Yean Commissioners either cut off the supply, or suffered it to be stopped, a circumstance which led many to suppose that a conspiracy, in which they and the publicans were principals, had been con- certed and carried out. In addition to the par- ticular amusements noticed at foot, there were many which would have necessitated a legion of reporters to describe. Pic-nic parties were tra- versing in all directions the country adjacent to Mel- bourne, and short-sea steamers had a magnificent time of it. No less than four cargoes of ludióse flesh and blood were safely deposited on the beach at Queenscliffe, and Schnapper Point was also ex- tensively patronised by the fun-and-frolic-loving public. The heavy showers which fell at the close of the day played havoc with the hats a Grecque, the bernouses, and crinoline of the fair excursionists, but the myriads of smiling faces which were observable among the parties homeward bound assured the looker-on that, despite " skyey influences," the day had been thoroughly enjoyed. MELBOURNE. As might have been anticipated from the intense heat of the weather yesterday morning, combined with the hot wind which prevailed, and the clouds of dust which ever and anon swept the almost-deserted streets of the metro- polis, the opportunity afforded the citizens of breathing for a few hours at least a cooler and more pure atmosphere in the various localities enjoying the proximity of the sea was taken ad- vantage of to the fullest extent. Indeed Mel- bourne appeared utterly abandoned by its in- habitants ; and one might have walked a good distance without seeing a shop open. Business appeared to have been entirely given up for pleasure, and even the public-houses the greater part of them, at least-declined to administer to the wants of the sun- broiled thirsty pedestrians, whom necessity of some kind compelled to remain in town. Landlords, with their wives and families, followed their customers to the sea side, determined, while they could, on enjoying themselves as much as possible ; and having decided on taking a day's pleasure, so rare to them, the bar was closed and the house was shut up, and no one left behind to supply refresh- ment of any sort to the few remaining inhabi- tants. Here and there, however, amusement was provided for " the man in town," and the re- sidents of North Melbourne seem to have been es- pecially catered for. On visiting that locality and reaching the upper end of Swanston-street, our attention was arrested by a large num- ber of persons congregated on the steps at the entrance to the Baths and Wash- houses, in apparent anxious expectation of the doors being opened to enable them to enjoy the luxury of a bath without the trouble or ex- pense of having to seek one at Sandridge or St. Kilda. Many were complaining of the remiss- ness on the part of the authorities, who seemed to have caught the holiday epidemic and de- serted their posts, and after patiently waiting some time, several left to seek their lavatorian enjoyment elsewhere, doubtless in ignorance of the cause of the closing of the establishment being the accidental and extraordinary fail- ing of the supply of the Yan Yean. In Franklin-street there was an unusual con- course of people bending their steps towards the Cumberland and Westmoreland Hotel, and fol- lowing in their wake with no little wondering what the attraction might be to cause such a gathering, we soon heard the enlivening sound of a band of music and perceived a capacious, marquee erected at the rear of the hotel, deco- rated with flags and banners, which seemingly was the locale of various amusements. On enter- ing the promises we became aware for the first time that all Melbourne, or at least all North Melbourne, had not taken a trip to the suburbs. There could not have been much less than 1,000 persons assembled in and around this tent—none of the gentler sex, however, being visible—to wit- ness the competition for prizes for various athletic exercises on the part of the Cumberland and Westmoreland Wrestling Association, which we understand holds its annual meeting at this season of the year. The scone was pre-eminently suggestive of a revival of the best of the old English pastimes, and one was forcibly and agreeably reminded of the "gatherings of the counties" at the fairs and holidays in the old country, where these healthy and beneficial amuse- ments were practised, and where each county produced its tried and best men to compete in generous rivalry with its neighbours; and we witnessed with much gratification the good fool- ing and general harmony which prevailed in the vast and somewhat heterogeneous assemblage. The only drawback to the enjoyment was the in- sufferable heat, intensified by such a vast con- course of persons assembled together in one compact body. Another smaller tent was erected in close proximity to the larger one for the supply of refreshment to the heated and excited throngs, and judging from the crowd by which it was at times besieged, it was not the least attrac- tive of the two. Wrestling after the Cumberland and Westmoreland style appeared to be the staple amusement provided, and during the trials of strength on the part of the various competitors the most intense excitement prevailed. There were 16 prizes appropriated for wrestling, and three for high leaping. No less than 40 persons entered the lists for the wrestling match, com- prising some of the most powerful and athletic young men of whom the colony can boast ; and seven active fellows competed for the running high leaps. The greatest good-humour prevailed amongst the competitors; and throughout the day scarcely an event took place under human control to mar the pleasure of the peace- ably-disposed spectators. After somewhere about 100 throws had token place, under the per- sonal supervision of two umpires, the first prize, £8, was unanimously awarded to a man named William Patterson, who, after an exciting con- test with Thomas Watson, a powerful wrestler, was by universal consent acknowledged to be the victor of the day. The second prize, £4, was given to Watson ; the third and fourth, £2 each, to Matthew Potts and George Holmes ; and the next four, £1 each, to Messrs. Younghusband, Harrison, Atkinson, and Bryan ; the eight next following receiving each 12s. 6d. In the running high leaps John Younghusband was declared the winner of the first prize of £2 10s. ; Charles Hammond, a coloured man, carried off the second prize, £1 10s., his jumping giving great satisfaction to all present; and John Hassett obtained the third prize, £1. The heights cleared commenced at 4 feet 6 inches, and ter- minated at 5 feet 4 inches, which Younghusband alone succeeded in accomplishing. Shortly be- fore six o'clock considerable anxiety began to be felt for the safety of the tent, it being painfully apparent that there was " something in the wind. An extraordinary change just at this time took place in the temperature under- neath the marquee, which was violently agitated by sundry gusts of the southerly wind, which, as it increased, threatened now and then nothing short of the uplifting of the entire canvas. This continued for some time, when suddenly " con- fusion reigned in the camp of the athletes," caused, as had been anticipated, by the downfall of the tent. In a moment the ginger-beer and lemonade sellers, money-takers, wrestlers, um- pires, bottle-holders, high- leapers, judges, and spectators were enveloped in a chaotic mass of canvas, which, as it rose and fell and swayed to and fro with the wind, demonstrated beyond the possibility of scepticism the specific gravity of human bodies. The hum of voices which pre- vailed but a moment before was now hushed as each strove to protect his hat from demolition, and to keep his body erect, and numerous efforts were made on all sides to keep up the falling roof over- head. The exciting scene that was being just witnessed was in an instant hid from the view of the seat- holders, who in many cases instantly became involuntarily non-seat-holders, and disap- peared from the anxious gaze of their friends and neighbours. The band was suddenly dumb- founded, and the music come to an abrupt and premature end. It is true the trumpet sounded from an uncertain whereabouts, somewhere beneath our feet, a few uncomfortably deep notes as of wailing and distress, melancholy and lamen- tation, but the baseness of the attempt was de- clared a notable failure, and the unhappy musi- cian was subsequently perceived on the ground in a state of collapse, occasioned by the unex- pected fall of a daring individual, who had, with a misplaced zeal, endeavoured to avert the catastrophe he occasioned in attempting to re- move the encumbrance of the tent from the heads of the band. Half an hour elapsed before the marquee was hoisted to its proper position, and a new fund of merriment was then occasioned by the uncom- fortable position of an unfortunate youth who had climbed the pole and remained at the top outside the awning. He was ultimately lowered down with considerable difficulty, and the wrestling was resumed. A damper was, however, thrown on the succeeding games by the sudden downfall — not of the tent this time, but—of a tremendous shower of rain, which in no time penetrated the canvas, and gave an involuntary and impromptu shower-bath to the many-headed beneath. Down it came by buckets-full, and soon an uneasy motion was observed on the benches. the occu- pants of which, preferring shelter without amuse- ment to a thorough drenching with something to see, while undergoing the operation, soon left their seats, first quietly and unobtrusively, but all of a sudden with a helter-skelter rush to the hotel, where we left them to dry their clothes and forget their disappointments. The amuse- ments, we understand, will be resumed this morning at 10 o'clock, when several prizes will be competed for by those who were unsuccessful in the last match, and by others who were unable to attend yesterday. WILLIAMSTOWN RACES. Taking the most moderate computation, fully 3,000 persons found their way onto the William- town Racecourse yesterday. How they all got there remains a mystery, and that more than half the number over got back again we are by no means prepared to affirm. Much has been said on various occasions of Governmental incompe- tence, but the amiable weakness was never so fully developed as on the Williamstown branch of the Victorian Railways yesterday. At 10 o'clock in the morning quite 500 individuals were inside the Spencer-street station purposing to visit the Williamstown Races, and at 12 o'clock they were still there. Subsequent arrivals, warned by the fate of the enclosed, departed, some to the Hob- son's Bay Station, others to cars en route to Sand- ridge, and a not inconsiderable section very wisely home again. Whether the supposed bursting of the Yan Yean main-pipe some- where had anything to do with the bad arrangement of the trains, or whether all the competent officers were holiday- making we leave to the department to explain —i.e. if they ever vouchsafe an explanation upon any subject; suffice it to say that the race-going public was a most deluded, long-suffering, and miserable public, and that quite a moiety had to endure alternately heat, wet, cold, and dust for several hours before arriving at the Melbourne terminus. No doubt bitter complaints enough will pour in of the treatment received at the hands of the Government Railway Department; we will there- fore selfishly confine ourselves to the difficulties attending us in attempting a passage to the Wil- liamstown Racecourse. We, in company with another gentleman, presented ourself at the Spencer-street station at a quarter to 12. The doors were shut in our face. We waited patiently, but an intelligent friend en route for Geelong, and therefore in no hurry whispered, " Go to the other station, there are 500 people inside, and only half of them have tickets for the next train." We took the advice, but arrived too late, and, were com- pelled to charter a special car to Sandridge (our number being by this time increased to four). Debarked there, the Puffer, or " Royal Mail," steamer received us, and after shilly- shallying off the wharf for half-an-hour finally put to sea. The distance between Sand- ridge and Williamstown, say three miles, was traversed in a little less than three-quarters of an hour. No car was in sight, and certainly not more than three human beings. After short conference we betook ourselves to the Railway Station, and there found scores of men bound to the same destination as ourselves—the Williams- town Racecourse. But where said course could be was the puzzle. One guard said the North Williamstown Station was the place to get out. Another, winking knowingly, suggested the Geelong Junction. The latter halting-spot being the more distant, we, in our innocence, took tickets for it, and, repenting or suspicious, got out on the train's stopping at North Williams- town. Not the ghost of a conveyance was visible on the horizon. The flaunting flags and canvas tops of the booths on the course, about two miles distant, lured us to walk. We did walk, but what with swamps, four-rail fences, slippery grass, crab-holes, and the heat at 110 degrees, although pulling foot strongly all the way, the two miles between the station and the course was not covered in less than three quarters of an hour. Many took an hour to do the distance in, and thought themselves no mean pedestrians. So much for the journey. The races were seven in number, the first two of which were of course missed by the majority of visitors, save those hailing from the "Fishing Village" proper. An esteemed Williamstown friend furnished particulars of the Maiden Plate (what a pity he did not send down word by tele- graph on Sunday night what a queer place the course was to get at), which was won easily by Defence, the only other animal out of the six that carried silk which showed at all being Nell Gwynne, a mare but lately out of the paddock, and likely to show to greater advantage another time. Why Banjo and Sheet-Anchor were en- tered their respective owners must explain. We are given to understand that as far as the latter was concerned, no authority whatever was given for his being nominated, and that pretty much the same was the case as regards Banjo. The pair were made favourites for the race, and some money was betted against them. Who, then, suffered ? Not the public, we believe; for since certain metropolitan turf arrangements of late date, to which it is unnecessary more parti- cularly to allude, " ye gentle publicke" hath fought shy. Bookmakers must be hard pressed when they prey upon each other. A familiar proverb should surely put a stop to such unnatural savagery. It was more than hinted that the entry of Dauntless for the Railway Plate was only a bait. We are, however, informed that Mr. Garden parted with the colt a couple of days be- fore the race for upwards of £300. The Flying Buck Purse at one time seemed a gift to Prax- iteles (we object to the name Mormon, unless the horse be nominated by Joe Smith), but Bentley, who rode the favourite, Camden, seeing a short out, took advantage of it, carrying with him Gay- lad. Mormon religiously followed the track (the concave part of the leg of mutton course), and thereby lost 20 lengths. This ground he never fully recovered, so that Camden was enabled to catch the judge's eye about a couple of lengths in advance of the others. The Railway Plate brought Coquette, Birdswing, and Cheeryman to the post. The race resolved itself into a match between the first two named. Coquette, ridden by Holmes, passed the post first, but the stakes were very properly given to Birdswing, as the rider of Coquette most unmistakeably bored Birdswing's jockey from one side of the course to the other, with no apparent reason. Had any other but Holmes been on Coquette, the stewards might possibly have entertained the charitable belief that the mare swerved from the whip. As it was, they decided the race to be a jostle. The nomi- nator of the two first horses, Mr. James Hunter, declined to enter a protest, but the gauntlet was taken up by young Yeend, rider of Birdswing. This is strictly according to racing law, that the rider of any horse may enter a protest, whether the owner and trainer be present or not. The Handicap brought out a capital field, and public opinion was greatly divided on the re- spective chances of all the horses entered, except Tiger, who hardly found a friend at 7 to 1, The shipwrecked, and self-s(h)aved Barber, ably piloted by Waldock, achieved a tolerably easy victory, and was vociferously congratulated upon being ridden to scale. Orphan, admirably ridden, made an excellent second. A southerly buster, and a lively recollection of the morning's railway difficulties, prevented our witnessing the Scurry Stakes, which were won by Naughty Tommy, beating five others. Taking the neighbourhood, and the fact of its being Christ- mas time, into consideration, it must be admitted that the behaviour on the course was very cre- ditable. Au rigeur a number of mounted ruf- fians galloped about the course at the wrong time, and in the wrong places, but the horses were either too slow or their riders too drunk to do any mischief. The following is the running : TOWN PLATE, Of 50 sovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. Two miles Weight for age. Mr. Yuille's b g Flying Buck, 3 yrs. Walked over. MAIDEN PLATE, Of 40 sovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. One mile and s distance. For all horses that have never won an advertised prize. Weight for age. Mr. Coleman's b g Defence, 4 yrs (Morrison) ... 1 Mr. McCulla's b m Nell Gwynne, aged (Bryerly) ... 2 Mr. W. P. Simons nas b g Surprise, 5 yrs (Cockerill) .. 3 Mr. Yeend's bl gl Dick Turpin, aged Mr. J. Hunter's b g Rattlesnake, 5 yrs Mr. J. Garden's b g Yankee, 5 yrs Mr. W. P. Simons nas b f Lapwing, 3 yrs Sheet Anchor, Banjo, and Oh My ! did not start. Betting—2 to 1 Defence, 4 to 1 Nell Gwynne When the flag dropped Nell Gwynne sprang of with the lead, followed by Defence. This was retained for about a third of a mile, when Defence went up, took a commanding lead at once, and came in the easiest of winners by 10 lengths. FLYING BUCK PURSE, Of 50 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each. One mile and a half. Weights—Two yrs, feather ; three yrs, 7st. 13lb. : four yrs, 9st. five yrs, 9st. 13lb. ; six yrs and aged, 10st. 4lb. Mr. G. Duppa's b h Camden, aged (Bentley) .. 1 Mr. G. Watson's br g Gay Lad, 5 yrs (Molloy) .. 2 Mr. J. Henderson's b h Mormon (late Praxiteles), 4 yrs (Cunningham) .. .. .. 3 The Barber did not start. Betting— 2 and 3 to 1 on Camden. Mormon went off with a strong lead, whioh he ¡."moved at the turn. Close to the awkward inside hond ho was fully 10 lengths in advance. Heic Bentley described the chord of the aro, anl therebv reversed positions. Camden from this out held his own, and passed the post about a linglli ahead of Gay Lad, who beat Mormon on the post by a neck. BAILWAY PLATE, ?Of KO sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs, each. Ono mile. Weight1 for age. Mr j. Hunter's br m Coquette,-aged (Holmes).. 1 ill'. J. Hunter nos b m Birdswing, 3 yrs.(Yoond).. S Mr. R. Hamilton nos b g Ohoeryman, aged Dauntless did not start. Betting--Even on Birdswing, and 2 to 1 agst Choir} man. This race resolved itself into a match botween Birdswing and Coquette. The latter had a slight lead after the first half mile. From the distance up Birdswing was bored off by Holmes, and lost by a neck. The stakes wcro subsequently awarded to Birdswing. WILLIAMSTOWN HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs. Entrance, 5 sovs. Two milos. Mr. "W. P. Slmons's bl g Tho Barber, aged (Woldock).1 .Mr. Yullle's b g Orphan, ogod (Holmes) .. .. 2 Mr. Ooloman'8 gr g Gafier Gray, aged (Mahon). .Mr. Duppa's oh m Phmbo, 6 yrs (Jenkins), Mr. Dowllng's oh m Dispatch, 6 yrs (Long). Mr, J. Wilson's br g Tigor, oged (Morrlion). Beeswing and Naughty Tommy did not start. Betting-5 to 2 each against The Barber, Or- phan, Phoebe, and Dispatch ; 3 to 1 against iinfliT Gray, and C to 1 against Tiger. After one false start. Dispatch took the lead, closely followod by the Barber, Gaffer Gray lying illira. The same ordor was maintained past the (land. At tlio turn Orphan went up with Phcobs, but was still somo distance from the leading horses. The Barber and Dispatch woro hore lacing hoad and head. The disagreeable curve passed, Dispatch cried Enough 1 and Orphan dropped into second place. A'fino race norna between the leading horses ended in the Barbor winning by a length and n-hnlf, novor being brought to the whip, although going his best. Dispatch and Phoebe were third and fourth. Gafier Gray was pulled up. PUBLICANS' PURSE, Of 40 sovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. One mile and a half. Weight for age. Mr, J. Huntor's br m Coquotto, aged (Holmes).. 1 Mr, J. Hondorson's b li Mormon (lato Praxi- teles), i yrs (Cunningham).2 Mr, It. Hamilton's b m Sunboam, 1 yrs (Morri- son) .. . . ..8 Mr, W. P. Slmons's oh gGoldflndor, aged (Lang) ; Mr, G. Watson's br g Gay Lad, 6 yrs. (Molloy) Mr. dark's elim Johanna, aged (mahon) Orphan did not start. Betting-0 to 4 on Mormon, and 6 to 4 each against Sunbeam and Coquette. Sunbeam got the best of the start, her imme- diate followers being Mormon and Coquette. Oppositeo the stand Sunbeam resigned in favour of the others, when a fine race ensued. Co- quette and Mormon raced stride for stride round the bend and up the .straight running, the mare getting a little the best of it at the cords. This slight lead she maintained, and was landed by neat jockeyship a winner by a neck, Sunbeam a fair third. SCURRY STAKES, Of 20 sovs for horses the property of Williams- town residents from the 1st day of November. Entrance, 2 sovs. Weights, above 8st. One mile and a half. This race was won easily by Mr. Moxham's Naughty Tommy, beating four others. ST. KILDA AND BRIGHTON. Notwithstanding the many inducements held out to the holiday-seekers-races at Williams- town, al fresco entertainments at Sunbury, a pantomime at Cremorne, and a cricket match on the Melbourne Ground-St. Kilda and Brighton were more extensively patronised than on any previous holiday. From an early hour crowds of gaily-dressed persons wended their way to the Flinders-street railway station, while every St. Kilda car lent its assistance towards conveying the people from Melbourne to the favourite watering place. Necessary arrangements were made by the railway company for carrying their passengers as rapidly as possible, but although two engines were constantly employed, and an extra amount of carriages called into requisition, many were the disappointed faces that remained at the station after the departure of each train. We fortunately managed to secure a seat in a description of goods-van, which on such a fine day was pre- ferable to a crowded first-class carriage. On ar- riving at St. Kilda, the scene presented was one which would have produced a pleasant smile on the face of the greatest misanthrope. Family groups for the nonce turned squatters, and although they did not erect any tenements, they in most cases produced stores sufficient to warrant the supposition that they anticipated more than an hour's occupation. The sea pre- sented a most lively appearance, black spots, denoting the heads of the elder branches of families, appearing and disappearing alternately, while mothers, wading as far as reefed crinoline would permit, took out their latest editions to give them a plunge, a ceremony in most cases by no means approved of by the juveniles. Walking along the beach to Brighton, for we did not care to hazard our chance of seeing the fun, by waiting our turn for a seat in a railway car, we found it difficult to distinguish the separation-boundary between the two sub- urbs, the beach being enlivened all along, in some places-by impromptu pic-nic parties, and in others by swimmers of larger growth than those who sported at St. Kilda. Brighton, how- ever, appeared to be the great place of attraction; and although the railway at present does not afford very great accom- modation, inasmuch as it is far distant from the most popular spots, a constant stream of passengers of every class, size, and country poured down from the station, eager to have as much time for enjoyment as " that horrid time-table," to quote words we overheard, would allow. The Brighton Bonifaces had no cause for complaint : in vain did we call for a sandwich, in vain did others better off than ourselves, inasmuch as they had their better halves with them, shout out for "dinner and a private room;" each had to await his turn, and the labouror " Jack" was as good as his master. Foot-racing, quoits, leaping, pigeon shooting, and good humour appeared to be the order of the day until 5 o'clock, when a change of weather which would never be thought of or expected at Greenwich or Gravesend, but against which Australians should always be prepared, took place - a change so sudden that in many cases the knives and forks, partly devoured fowls, puddings sacred to the season, and partially opened bottles of wine, were hastily plunged into hampers, only half emptied. In other cases, many a gallant, gay Lothario, who for long had been scheming a waltz, found his plans frustrated and himself directed to " look out for the first car." Seldom has a holiday ended so un- propitiously. It was in vain for the fairer portion of creation to endeavour to conceal the vexation they experienced at having new dress, new bonnet, now everything spoiled — in vain for paterfamilias to put a jovial face on, when he knew that every spot of rain increased the curtain lecture, which, at a later hour, he would receive for not having obeyed the instruc- tions of his partner, who " knew it would rain, and who told him so in the morning "—in short, everybody got more or less wet, and the appear- ance of all was far different at seven o'clock in the evening from what it had been at a similar hour in the morning; but still the day was a glorious one, and, in spite of spoilt dresses, wet feet, &c.;, we doubt whether those who were fortunate enough to be at Brighton or St. Kilda yesterday would not repeat their visit to-day, even although they " know" it would rain in the evening. Before concluding, we may mention that a bazaar —a very nice one —was held yesterday, at the Wes- leyan school-house, in the Brighton-road, for the purpose of collecting funds to defray the expense of adding a wing to the chapel. Few holiday folks patronised it, but still it went off very well, and as it is to be open again this day, there is every prospect of its realising the expectations of its promoters. SUNBURY. The excursion to Sunbury, so temptingly set forth in our advertising columns of yesterday, proved a failure, as far as any real enjoyment was concerned, from the total inadequacy of railway accommodation provided. According to the announcement, excursion trains were to leave the Spencer-street Station for Sunbury at 10.30 and 11.45 a.m., and the tickets issued by these trains at 5s., and 3s. were to be available for return by the trains leaving Sunbury at 1.30, 4.30, and 6 p.m. The two first trains were not sufficient to accommodate the number of passengers in waiting, and at about half-past 11 it was notified that, the train being full, no more passengers would be booked until the afternoon train, at 3.15. There could not have been less than 500 passengers who were unable to obtain seats, and who were thus put to the inconvenience of abandoning their trip altogether, or waiting at the station for three hours and a half. One would have thought that to be at the appointed place at the appointed time, and to be unable to obtain seats, was suffi- cient annoyance to the pleasure-seekers, but those who waited for the 3.15 train had to suffer further inconvenience in being compelled to pay 11s. 6d, and 8s. 6d., in lieu of the advertised excursion fares. In addition to this imposition, the general arrangements on the part of the railway authorities were lamentably defective. This was, especially observable at the booking-place, where it is usual to station a police officer to enforce order, and to see that the stream of passengers flows gradually in past, the window where the tickets are obtained. Instead of this, yesterday the small partition railed off opposite the booking department was rushed from either end, so that a collision was continually taking place opposite the window, hats, bonnets, and dresses being crushed and torn in the desperate attempts to ob- tain a place. Several "free fights" on the plat- form, originating from the scuffle for tickets, added to the disgraceful character of the pro- ceedings. All this confusion might easily have been prevented if the clerks, or clerk, had been permitted to issue the tickets half, or even a quarter of an hour beforehand, instead of just as the train was about to start, and any doubt as to the destination might have been prevented by affixing upon the carriages, or upon one carriage of each train, a placard announcing its destina- tion. A totally different system was adopted, and hence a general melée at the last moment. The first ticket for the 3.15 train was not issued until 11 minutes past 3 o'clock, and the train was con- sequently not started until half-past 3. A notice affixed above the booking-window by some wag, containing the words " An atrocious sell," seemed to be very generally approved of. Once embarked, the trip was pleasant enough, and the velocity of the motion caused a current of air, which was most grateful after the fighting and scrambling at the terminus. Upon arrival at Sunbury, an equally crowded scene presented itself ; and happy were they who were there awaiting the arrival of the afternoon train from Melbourne, to leave the gay scene—the remainder of the visitors, as will be seen, not having reached home until near midnight. The scene of the (so-called) festivities is a pleasant, shady nook on the banks of Jackson's Creek, about three-quarters of a mile from the station, and thither those of the excursionists why were courageous enough to brave a quarter of an hour's walk through the burning sun sped, guided by placards, surmounted by a hand point- ing " To the pic-nic." Many missed their way alto- gether, and after traversing the plain for about half a mile, found themselves along- side of an unfinished wooden church in the immediate vicinity of which was a public-house, to occupy their attention until it was time to return. Those who were fortunate enough to hit upon the right spot speedily perceived a flag waving from the chief point of attraction, the refreshment-tent of Messrs. Spiers and Pond, and a large crowd of people standing before it. There was also a marquee for the 'bal al fresco', and an unlimited supply of cooling drinks. The greatest recommendation afforded, however, was the umbrageous nature of the trees, under the friendly shelter of which family parties spread their repasts. Swings, too, were affixed to the branches, for the gratification of the children, who mustered in great force. There were children of all ages- children in arms ; children who could walk, but who, over- come by the weather, insisted upon being car- ried ; and children of still larger growth, who were continually asking for something to drink. In fact, it was a wonder how so many juveniles were up against the heat and fatigue of the day. The afore-mentioned notice having fixed 6 p.m. as the latest train for Melbourne, the terminus at Sunbury was the point to which all were hasten- ing soon after 5 o'clock, and at the appointed hour an immense concourse of human beings were congregated on the platform, and on the look- out for the engine, a good deal of scrambl- ing taking place, as usual, for front rank. This energy was quite thrown away. Half-past 6, 7 o'clock, half- past 7 arrived, and no train was in sight. By this time people were getting tired, and the platform was gradually forsaken for the waiting-rooms and other places where seats were procurable. Some of the more active, to beguile the time, had initiated a game at kiss-in-the- ring, which, in the absence of the train, was largely patronised. At last, at a quarter to 8 o'clock, the smoke of the engine was seen, and the carriages drew up. Such a rush en- sued as we have rarely witnessed. To say that at each carriage there was a separate fight, and that many of the occupants in their endeavours to get a footing upon terra -firma were driven back and forced a second time into their seats by the invading force, and that first, second, and third class passengers were all hud- dled indiscriminately into the same carriages, to the annoyance, inconvenience, and peril of all, especially the ladies and children, is to give but a faint description of the platform scene at Sunbury. The time lost in waiting for the train was passed by many of the rougher sort in the station refreshment-room, and stimulants were not wanting to add to the disorder of the occasion. Every carriage being speedily emptied and re- filled, it was found that the number was insuffi- cient to embark the assembled multitude. Ac- cordingly an engine was dispatched to the Keilor Plains station for two extra carriages. These were at once occupied, and a large surplus of passengers still remained. By this time it was nearly 9 o'clock, and the homeward-bound excursionists, deceived by the tinkling of the station-bell, which sounded in mockery at intervals of about a quarter of an hour, were loudly expressing their discontent, and curses not loud but deep were muttered against the " powers that be." Finally it was found necessary to send to the Melbourne Terminus for further rolling stock, and a long train, including the stragglers, was finally made up, which left Sunbury at 14 minutes to 10 o'clock. The scarcity of water for the engine was the cause of a further delay of about three-quarters of an hour at the Digger's Rest. Some little time was necessarily taken up in looking over the tickets at Footscray, and eventually the Spencer-street Sta- tion was made at a quarter to 12 o'clock. To judge by the sounds of hilarity which proceeded from the many compartments of closely-packed holi- day-makers as the carriages drew up, one would have supposed that all had gone "merry as a marriage-bell." The disappointment and discom- fort to the more orderly passengers, and espec- ially to those who took their wives and families with them, may be better imagined than de- scribed. THE YARRA YARRA. Of course there were numerous excursions on the upper waters of the Yarra yesterday. Were the river narrower than it is, Richmond Reach longer and flatter, the bottom of the stream more beset with snags, and the heat more intense, the result, we presume, would not have been dif- ferent. It is quite true that the Yarra is to Melbourne what the Thames is to London, proximus sed longo intervallo ; and without any disparagement to the father of Victorian streams, it may be said, that it is somewhat " snaggy,' and not remarkable for the transparency or copiousness of its waters ; moreover the heat of yesterday was intolerable, and the distance from Richmond to the leafy shades of Studley is some- what more than eight miles. All things con- sidered, the selection of a voyage up the Yarra, yesterday was rather the gratification of a truly British amphibious propensity than a rational choice of available pleasures. Aquatics with Englishmen are instinctive and traditional, and we presume that it was in obedience to those predilections, together with a stern resolve to be jolly, and an overwhelming sense of the obligations due to a holiday, that in- duced pleasure-seekers in great numbers so to adventure. Certain it is that nearly every craft known on the upper waters of the Yarra, by dint of tugging and pulling, found its way to the regions of the Survey Paddock or the leafy shades and rugged banks of Studley Park. They were burthened to the water's edge with picnicians' wives that are and are to be, offsprings numerous, happy fathers, and delighted swains. As regards the male portion of the excursionists, their philosophy, considering their exertions, must have been truly Mark Tapley-an, and their jollity difficult to retain in countenance. It is not easy to look old "Sol" in the face, especially when he is flashing down heat at the rate of 120 degrees in a twinkling. There may be something very dexterous in the display, also a touch of magnanimity, in blistering one's hands, burning one's face, and sweltering the moisture out of one's body, in order to cou- tribute to other people's amusement. To row a boat half-a-dozen miles or more while others enjoy the scenery and cool their hands in the rippling stream may be good exercise, and also very obliging, but the task to be a pleasant one requires strong arms as well as strong motives. There is, however, a sort of self-gratification in the matter, after all ; every one has a very decided impression that he can both drive and row, and an equally distinct notion that his neighbour can- not. By consequence, therefore, his fellow voyagers are much more indebted to him for their progress than to his friend behind, although somehow, through the want of pro- per sympathy between the two, the latter is continually chipping minute particles off the stroke oarsman's shoulder blades, while the oars have a tendency to play "see saw," or " one- up-and-the-other-down kind of motion." Father Yarra is very kind to his votaries, he al- lows them to approach as near as they choose to Yarra Bend, and he never drowns, and but rarely " ducks," any of them. It was, perhaps, not hotter in the shady retreats sought by the voy- agers on the Yarra than anywhere else in our vicinity yesterday, and we are not quite sure whether the scenery around Boroondara is not worth seeing, even, though it costs a pull of eight miles against the stream. From the lofty grounds the vision may sweep the horizon from Station Peak to Dandenong, taking in Mount Macedon by the way. The brazen monotony of the sky was yesterday relieved by the smoke of yule fires, though of a kind purely Australian, creating reminiscences of Black Thursday. Englishman do enjoy themselves in what Carlyle would call a "very surprising" manner; and our Yarra excursionists, under the broiling sun, played at cricket, quoits, leapfrog, and blind-man's-buff, in defiance of sun-stroke or any other calamity, and then sat down at the base of a gumtree whose every leaf hung help- lessly pendant, and, with the sun glaring brightly on their tablecloth, ate goose, pudding, and sundries, drank bottled ale, and fancied they were in the shade all the time. Human en- durance, even of pleasure, must terminate some time, and by the time the Christmas excursion- ists on the Yarra found their way back to their moorings yesterday evening, they must, we think, have had enough of midsummer aquatics for some time to come. CRICKET. MELBOURNE V. COLLINGWOOD. By extemporising a number of substitutes on the Melbourne side, this match was yesterday proceeded with, and when stumps were drawn the game stood considerably in favour of the M.C.C. Ross, for Collingwood, as before, dis- tinguished himself greatly, and carried his bat out for a score of 26. Good or bad balls seemed to come indifferently to him ; not, however, that on the second day's play the trowling was of the first order of merit. However this may be, Ross has proved himself a dangerous batter to all sorts of bowling, and is worth getting into trim for the intercolonial match. There are many worse in the 22 which the Match Com- mittee have already selected. When will they give out the probable eleven? The Secretary of of the M.C.C., in the absence of the President, proved the bulwark of his side, and carried his bat out after an admirably got score of 47. He had some brilliant bowling to contend with. S. Brown, substitute for Bryant, ran up 14 very neatly. As it is not cricket to set down in the batting list the names of any persons who by the good nature of the opposite side may be allowed to play instead of the men originally chosen, we have put all the old eleven in again. The match, of which the following is the score, will not be played out. COLLINGWOOD. FlllST INNIN08. SECONO INNINGS. I J. Glen, b Bryant .. 0 c Smith, b Bryant .. 12 Carlyle, b Whitlow .. 3 I b w Hammersloy .. 1 li. Glen, b Bryant .. 6 1 b w Hammorsloy .. 1 BuiUfluld, c Jacomb, b Brjuut .. .. 0 i b w Brown .. Robs, run out .. .. 29 not out .. .. 23 J. Muco, b Bryant .. 0 M'Hurjr, b Hammorsloy 8 Stewart, b Hammorsloy 0 Tumi'luton, c Jacomb, b Hammorsloy .. .. 1 b Hammersloy .. 0 Waugh, 1 b w, Hammers loj . 1 Porrutun, not out .. So Wray, b Hammorsloy 7 Byes, 6 ; wido, 1 .. 0 Byes, 7 j no balls, S 67 Melbooohb. riEST INNLNQS. SECOND BOTOÍOS, Wraj, lb w, Stewart.. 8 not out .. .. ..47 Hamilton, not out ..89 balen .. .. ..5 Brjant, b Ulon.. .. 1 bStowart .. ..14 Bruce, o Stewart .. 1 o Templeton, bQlon .. 8 Maislmll, b Stowart .. 7 runout.1 Jacomb, b Glen .. 8 b Qlen.7 Hainiuirsloy, b Glon .. 0 o J. Glen, b Stewart .. O Whitlow, b M'Hmg .. 12 runout.1 Ora« loy, b M'Hurg .. Ob Boss.G Box, h Stowart . ..8 bStowart .. ..7 Dlok, h Sl'Harg ..11 oM'Harg, b Glon .. Iii us, 7 ; legbyos, 2 ; Byes, 6 ; leg byos, 2 : ¡ wides, 6; no balls, 8 17 widos, 11 .. ..l8 102 1Û OLYMPIC V. ABBOTSFORD (SECOND ELEVEN). A mutch between tho above clubs was played on Saturday, and terminated in tho total defeat I of tho former. The Olympians having won the toss, sont the Abbotsford to the wickets, who suc- ceeded in running up a score of 193, the principal I scores boing made by Montgomery, ffreamo, P. ? Moody, and 11. Stephen, who mado 52, 31, l8, and Ij, in the ordor named. The Olympians ! I then went to the wickots, to the bowling of Freame and Montgomery, and scored G2, the only doublo scores on their side boing made by | tho blathers Sayors, who made l8 and 10, tha Abbotsford thus winning by 131. The bowling of Montgomery, for tho Abbotsford, was fa'r. I but wo should recommend his keeping to his old delivery ; as was also that of Goodburu. The fielding on the part of the Olympians was vory loose. Tho following is the score : AnBOTStOIUl (SECONU ElKVEN). H. Broad, o Foi bos, b W. Barnes.. .. 1 J. Jloody, b \V, Barnes. 2 H. Stephan, b Pitts. 15 W. II. Froanio, b W. Barnes .. .. 81 A. Stophon, b W. Barnes. O W. Salkold, b T. Sayors. 1 P, Moody, b T. Barnes . l8 Montgomery, b J. Sayors .. .. ..52 J. Wilkinson, o Olarko, b W. Barnes ... 11 li. Klug, c and b T. names .. .. 0 A, Molo, not out . 10 B>os, 87; legbyos, 0; widos, fi; no ball, 1. 52 "îoT OLTMPIO. Clarko, o Froanio, b Wilkinson .. .. 7 W. B vrnoa, b Froamo . 7 J. B irucs, b Montgomery. 0 li. Forboa, b Montgomory. 0 J. T. Sayers, o Goodburn, b J. Moody .. 16 J, Sayers, b Broad. l8 Allen, b J. Moody. O Stubbs, st Freaino, b Qoodburn .. .. 1 Dicknson, c J. Moody, b Goodburn .. 1 Chick, o F. Moody, b Goodburn ,. .. i Hobortson (not out). O Byus, 2; log-byo, 1; widos, 8 .. li ROYAL PARK V. PRAHRAN. These clubs mot on Saturday, at Prahran. The | Royal Park Eleven at half-past 6 went in against a score of 141, and scored 92, with six wickets down. CREMORNE. Notwithstanding the numerous attractions in othor directions, Cremorne was continually fed by a constant influx of visitors during the whole of tho afternoon. Tho gates were oponed at noon, and within a couple of hours afterwards the gar- dens wero well filled. Paterfamilias, with'thoir helpmates and little ones, wero in a majority at that hour of the day, though thero was no lack of grown-up youths and maidens disporting them- selves throughout tho grounds. The rotunda, even had its occupants, no small number of | couplos whirling themselves round within its Jarea. For the young ones, tho menagerie Iliad the greatest attraction, and the antias of the ourang-outang with a son of tho [cooper's appeared to afford the most unmiti- gated delight. Each of the children was also favoured with a chance in the lottery, in whioh no blanks wero drawn, and nearly evory one got full value for their tickets. Many were those who sought to find their way through the maze, land porhaps one out of ton hit upon the right courso at first, the others floundering moro and [moro into the mire', so to speak, and at length with difficulty retracing their stops to the en- hance without having boen able to roaoh the goal. The gold and silver fish, in the introduction of which Mr. Coppin has been moro fortunate than other importera, atti acted no littlo attention, and it was gratifying to seo that his endeavours havo boen so far crowned with success that ho is now the ownor of a largo Bwarm of young ones, whoso tiny, minnow-like forms might bo seen skimming in o\ory direction through the waters at the foot of tho fountain. A brood of young golden pheasants, that havo lately made their appearance in this world, wera also visible. Tantia Topoe's palanquin and tho assortment of Indian mon- strosities wero more objects of curiosity to the grown-up folks than sources of admiration to the ' young ones. At 4 o'clock, what was termed a I rehearsal of the pantomimo, entitled the "Discreet Princess, or Harlequin Mother Goose," took place. Tho pantomime isfrom the prolific pen of Planché, ?with local adaptations by Mr. Q, S. Hough. Although nominally a rehearsal, the porformanoo, which, notwithstanding the hour, was by gas- I light, was a ooinploto success, and with hardly an exception, the actors showed themselvos re- markably well up in thoir ports. The plot of the play ' is very simple. King Gander (Mr. O. H, Rogers) is tho father of three young daughters, whom ho is desirous of carefully providing for during his absonco in Palestino, where, aftor the example of a mighty monarch of the present day, ho is going to mako war for an idea, for ho is unable to state what injury his antagonist has done lum. Upon consulting with his Ministors, thoy aro only able to give bun the advice to act a» to his own instincts seem best. As this does not much help him out of his difficulty, ho consults Mother Gooso (Mrs. Egan), who tells him to shut them up in a tower until ho returns, and gives him three magic distaffs to hand ovor to the young ladies, informing him that if either of tho damsels misconducts herself during his absence he will know it by finding the distaff broken. The princesses having boon looked up , securely, ami furnished with a baskot to lowjr I doun fruin a window tor their provisions, the Oil | king doparts " pour Li Syrie." Hardly, how- ever, has he left, when Prince Kichcraft, the son of an anciont enemy, and who had been waiting about in the neighbourhood, makes his appear nnco dressed up as in old beggarwoman, and under the pretence that he has a number of songs to dispose of, inducos the Princess BabilUd» (Miss Mortimer) to givo him entrance to the tower. Upon arriving at the summit ho sings, to tbo the tune of the " Ratcatcher's Daughter," a description of the position of the damsols,_aud his love for one of thom. Bnbillado and her sister Idolfouza, who aro dreadfully ennui at being in Fuch a dull place, arerathorpleased at the visitor, but the youngest daughter, Finnetto {Miss Bos» Dunn), who lias more regard for hor father's wishes, tells thom that they are doing wrong, and the Prince somehow disappears, and the two offenders find thoir distaffs broken. Upon the old gentleman's return from the wars, on his way from which he has been suddenly attacked, and would have been annihilated had it not bean for a youthful hero who came to his assistanoj incognito. He asks his daughters for their dis- taffs, and by some legerdemain each of thom shows an unbroken one, Gander the Stupendous, howover, who has his suspicions, asks for a sight of all three at once, and then discovers tho cheat. Infuriated with Babillada and Idelfouza, ho will have nothing more to say to them; but, at the intercession of Finnetta, who in the meantime | las seen Prince Bolavoir (whom the old King recognises as his protector), and has fallon in love with him, and he with her, he forgives the other two. Just at this moment, Prince Riohcraft, who is Belavoir's bi other, makes his appearance on the stage, and finding that his junior is about to become the husband of the lady that he himself really ad- mired, he flies into a paroxysm of " rage, and finally dies in convulsions. The scene then changes to the usual pantomimic performance of harlequins, columbines, &c;, and all the tricks and appurtenances of those individuals. The localisms throughout the piece wore very good, the allusions to the Premier's determination not to resign office unless compelled by an unmis- takable vote of want of confidence, the breach of contract of the Gorman masons, Dr. Evans's complaints of Press misrepresenta- tions, the brlllianoy of Government officials, the late robbery of gold at tho Victoria Bank, wherein the speaker says, " I am a banker, and havo clerks in plenty, though my game isn't do/ce farniente. The clerks Iget to watch and guard my gains, got ¡£40 per annum for their pains"-a statement that was received with rounds of applause. The hit, however, that touched the audionce more than anything was the appearance of Prince Riohcraft in a highly Hunterian eostumo, and his dying speech was a furious rhodomontade it la Princess's Theatre, in which John Thomas Smith and "Stubby" become tho victims of his immortal ire. The scenery of the piece was excellently got up, the viows in Melbourne, including the .Eastern Market on a Saturday night, the now Baths, the Sandridge Sugar Works, and tho Bank of Victoria, being all both accurate resemblances and showing consider- able artistic merits. The last scene, a fairy one, with gradually receding views, and wheels, pil- lais, and eorgeous displays of brilliant foliage, with fairies in all sorts of elegant noie», the whole mado more effulgent by the rich glow of rose coloured light, was greeted with a genuine burst of applause ; and the curtain foil in the midst of plaudits given by a delighted audience. To commont on the acting and dancing of the members of the Edouin and Lee families in their various characters of columbines, harlo quinus, harloquins, ind clowns, would be super- fluous. If we might make any distinction at all it would be in favour of Miss Julia Edouin, whoso youthful performances wero highly praised on all sides. Wo can only regret that the rain which so suddenly sot in about G o'clock came .to mar the enjoyments of the evening, and, although it cleared up partially afterwards, nevertheless threw somewhat of a damper upon the later pro- ceedings at the gardens. THEATRE ROYAL. "Harlequin Prince Humpy Dumpy; or The Magic Eaglo and the Golden Branch," is tli3 titlo of the entertainment served up at the Theatre Royal,'in the garb of a grand comic Christmas pantomime. The story is adapted, we believe, from a French fairy talo by the fertile pen of J. R. Planchó, and is replete with the convontionil antitheses of good and evil, magical effect), und thrilling situations. Humgnffin, an en chantor of tho old school (Mr. Birch), is the hopeless lover of a beautiful maiden, who has boen transformed, and is no other than the Princess Dumpy, only daughter of King Humpy (Miss F. Morgan). Prince Humpy (Mr. Fawcett) is the only "clio-ild " of King Brown, Tyrant of the Silly Islands (Mr. lambert). Bot the Princess and Prince ara monsters of ugliness, through the effects of en- chantment, and the introduction to theo harle- quinade is the story, dreadfully tangled and con- fused, of their fortunes, transformation, and ulti- mately happy loves. Pastorolla (a fairy of the new school) — what is that, by the way ?-Miss Earl, is the kind spirit; and Mandragora (sister to Humguffin, on enchanter of the old school), Mrs. Amy Howard, is the wicked and opposing spirit, Quiver (Captain of the Guard), Mr. Harry Jack- son, acts as half gaoler half companion to Prince Humpy ; and Suivanta, Miss Fanny Young, is maid to Princess Dumpy. Benignanta is an enchanted queen, represented by Mrs. Hancock ; and Transimenus is an enchanted Prince, personified by Miss Emily Holroyd. The whole introduction is too long by at least one-third ; very obscure, and but for the few localisms with which it is inter- spersed, would have dragged heavily. Considera- ble praise, however, must be awarded to Mr. Lambert, who is excessively funny, weak- headed, and despotic, as King Humpy ; to Miss Fanny Young, who dresses and acts à merveille as Suivanta ; to Mr. Fawcett, whose make-up is good, and his second dress un- exceptionable in point of splendour, but ana- chronistic in point of fairy time, as Prince Humpy ; to Miss Morgan, who is soft, coquet- tish, and piquant as Princess Dumpy; to Mr. Harry Jackson, who is droll in action, outrageous in costume, and incomprehensible in elocution, as Quiver ; to Miss Earl, who is light and tripping as Pastorella ; and last, but very far from least, to Miss Holroyd, who, as Prince Transimenus, is dressed to perfection, and tri- umphs over all the difficulties of masculine attire with more grace and adroitness than one can find epithets to tell of. So far so good. We have already said the introduction is far too long, and anent the localisms, which are suffi- ciently pointed, there were one or two which ap- peared to divide the taste of the audience, and raised here a laugh and there a sibilation. At one time quite a"row" arose about Convention politics and " Belvidere law," which was very happily appeased by the tact of Mr. Lambert, who ap- pealed successfully to the audience for the usual latitude to harmless Christmas jesting. One allusion to the withdrawal of religious instruction from schools had better be omitted, as it was not only questionable in taste but obscurely worded. The songs and dances are mostly good and appropriate, one of the former, in four parts, and a " breakdown" dance among the latter, taking immensely, chiefly through the spirit and vivacity of Miss Fanny Young, who bids fair to shine as one of our best burlesque artistes. The scenery is well painted, especially one scene by Mr. Hennings, represent- ing the "Aurora" of Guido. The harlequinade introduces us once more to the Leopold Family. The business is scarcely up to the mark, and several of the tricks looked rather old, and went off badly. These deficiencies will doubtless be remedied in future pre- sentations. The Messrs. Leopold are decidedly clever, but should be cautious, lest their clever- ness appear now and then a little too broad in its humour. Fraulein Fannie is well known as an excellent Columbine. The final scene is gorgeous, but susceptible of improvement in the details and working up. The theatre was full to the ceiling, and the large majority of the audience appeared to be thoroughly content with their Christmas entertainment. 