News and Notes. On the 17th of August a land sale will take place at Ballarat, of eight suburban lots at Clarendon, Corduroy Bridge; of 11 country lots at Mount Pisgah, in the parish of Ascot ; of 18 country lots at Cardigan, on the road to Smythe's Creek ; of 18 country lots at Windermere, and of 6 country lots at Livingstone. On the 18th of August 25 country, lots at Ercildoun, and of 25 country lots at Livingstone on the road to Fiery Creek. The Gazette of Tuesday last contains the following applications for mining leases:- In the Maryborough district, Thomas King & Co., for a ten years' lease of 240 yards of quartz reef on the Mariner's Reef, Maryborough- £1500 to be invested. In the Ballarat district, Richard Stephens and party of 16 men for a three years' lease of ten acres of deep sinking at Linton's Diggings- £800 to be invested. The lease dispute case Williams v Tiplady, adjourned for the purpose of getting up the duplicate application from the Government, will come on again for hearing to-day. The plaintiffs have procured the necessary document, and its bearing on the issue raised be- tween the parties will, no doubt, be seen in the course of the hearing to-day. The case Buchan and others v Gordon and others, in the Court of Mines yesterday, was decided in favor of the anti-leasers. This is the first verdict as yet given against the Brown's lessees. The judge mulcted the winners, however, of the whole of their costs, because they had failed to keep a list of their shareholders, as pre- scribed by the Mining Board bye law. The long hubbub in the law courts anent the disputes between the leasers and anti-leasers at Brown's, appears to have led to a change of tactics in the Executive Council. We have been informed that intelligence has been received at Brown's, that the other leases applied for will not be granted, and that the areas in question have already been laid out in ordinary bye law claims. A similar result is anticipated in connection with the ap- plications for leases on the Black Ball at Italians. The peculiar genius of the Central Road Board does not limit its opera- tions to the Melbourne Road blockade, but has been exerting itself to a simi- lar purpose on the Smythesdale Road. In the Court of Mines on Thursday, the absence of an essential witness was accounted for by the state of the road, which kept the coaches two or three hours behind their proper time. The judge bore testimony to the abi- lity of the road spoilers, by remarking that in one place where a bridge was not wanted at all, one had been care- fully erected, and that a ditch had been cut to make a bad place where, without that, the road would have kept good ; while at a creek that was liable to overflows, and was now all but impassable with any amount of horse-power, the wiseacres of the Board had done nothing, either by a bridge or otherwise, to lessen the diffi- culties of passage. The filthy condition of the footpath on the north side of Sturt street, be- tween the bridge and the Little Engine Claim ought to be seen to at once by the Municipal Council if they wish to keep on good terms with their consti- tuents and the public generally. A little quartz gravel is all that is wanted to render the path decent and tra- versable. At several places on the Main Road it is evident that from careless timbering of the drives beneath, or perhaps a withdrawal of the timber altogether, the road is sinking. From Mr Luhning's tobacconist's shop to Mr Boyd's printing office the ground has settled down so much as to give the buildings on it a lopsided charac- ter. Our readers will doubtless re- collect that some years ago the road frequently fell in altogether at certain spots, and it would seem as though a repetition of those very disagreeable and dangerous contingencies must be looked for. Mr McNamara, the foot- path contractor, is actively engaged in filling up the road where it had settled down opposite the Duchess of Kent, but his efforts are sadly baffled by a crack in the ground through which the water bubbles up, and he reports the stones of the water table as irrecoverable till the dry weather comes. The quarterly tea-meeting of the Ballarat Band of Hope came off suc- cessfully on Wednesday evening, at the Temperance Hall, Bakery Hill. There was a fair attendance of mem- bers and friends notwithstanding the state of the weather. Numerous pieces were recited and sung, display ing various degrees of talent and diligence on the part of the members. The Rev. M. Bradney, and Messrs McKann, Hall, and Dimsey addressed the meeting, and the singing of the "Temperance Anthem" terminated a pleasant meeting. The probable good effects of such entertainments on after life character must be obvious to every thoughtful and benevolent mind. There are a great number of bad characters prowling about Ballarat just now. About two o'clock yesterday morning a Mrs Murray, residing in Humffray street, was awoke by two persons coming to the house; she called out to ask who it was, and being led to believe it was her husband, who is a printer, returning from his noc- turnal duties, with another man, she took no further notice, till she found two strange men in the house. Para- lised with terror, Mrs Murray at first could do nothing, but soon summoning courage, she gave one man a shove which sent him into the street, and in a second or two the other also left. Mrs Murray was in too unprotected a state to take any further steps till her husband's return, two hours afterwards, when the only things missing were two valuable pups. Information has been given to the detective police, who are in hopes of capturing the thieves. Yesterday was a remarkably fine day, and was the more enjoyable on account of the strong contrast it pre- sented to the exceedingly wet wea- ther we have had for so long. The roads and paths were, however, far too wet for many pedestrians to ven- ture out except from motives of busi- ness. The fine weather seems likely to last for a day or two. The Rifle Regiment still continues to increase in numbers, a circumstance probably arising from the expectation of a militia being formed at an early date, from which members of rifle corps will be exempt. Of course the regiment will themselves take good care that no person shall make the corps a convenience by entering its ranks, and never or rarely attending drill. At the present the drill nights are as follows:- Monday and Thursday, recruit drill; Tuesday and Friday, general drill. When the summer comes on, the Camp Reserve will not only make an admirable parade ground, but also afford a capital promenade for ladies, whose husbands, brothers, or friends may be learning their military manœuvres. It may also not be im- possible that the Rifle Regiment band will have acquired sufficient profi- ciency to make such occasions pecu- liarly pleasant. On Wednesday, says the Age, in the Nisi Prius Court two cases were tried involving large sums of money. In case of the Messrs Evans and Merry, the contractors for the Geelong and Ballarat line of railway, were decreed to pay a sum of £1600 due on a bill of exchange, drawn by Mr J. R. Pascoe, J.P., and accepted by them, for which they said they never had received any consideration. The verdict will pro- bably determine the fate of a treble series of bills amounting to about £15,000 drawn by the same plaintiff, and accepted by the same defendants. These liabilities seem to have been undertaken in consideration of Mr Pascoe's assisting the contractors in the execution of their extensive contracts with the Government. In the other case the verdict is not yet given. The Geelong Advertiser seems in- clined to view the reprieve of the man Flannery, who was sentenced to death for an unnatural offence at Back Creek, as a second edition of the notorious Regan case. Our contemporary re- marks—"The convict Flannery, sen- tenced to die for an unnatural crime, has been reprieved. After this the law had better be altered, for there could not be a clearer case than Flannery's, one more repugnant to humanity, or one more deserving of the extreme penalty of the law, if it is ever to be enforced. We speak thus from a knowledge of the case acquired by perusal of the depositions." We are glad to learn, says the Argus, that in the matter of the na- tional defences, our Government has already commenced to act in a direc- tion which at least shows that it is not altogether insensible to the common danger. A commission of naval and military officers was appointed on Monday last to consider the whole subject of our defences, especially in reference to any immediate attack to which the colony may be exposed. The commission bas been sitting daily since its appointment, and may be ex- pected to inform us in a few days as to what are our means of present safety, and what ulterior steps should be re- sorted to in order to insure the protec- tion of the colony in the event of a war with any European Power. On the same subject the Age remarks that "a Cabinet Council was held yesterday, at which, it is understood, the subject of the Defences of the Colony was taken into consideration. It is proposed, we believe, to call on the assistance of the most experienced naval and military men in the colony, with the view of immediately taking action in the matter." If the Govern- ment are desirous of securing the assist- ance of military men for tbe above object, we would advise them to summon Major Wallace of this district before them, and they would no doubt obtain much valuable information and advice. Major Wallace was for two years in command of a militia regiment in England, and is thoroughly acquainted with the details of the militia service. Judge Cope has lately decided, and the Supreme Court has con- firmed, the ruling that payment for spirits supplied to avowed or notorious unlicensed dealers cannot be recovered at law. This is an im- portant decision, and our traders will do well to bear it in mind. The Ovens Constitution remarks,—"In pronoun- cing as Judge Cope did, in the case of Banks v Fishe, that the value of spirits supplied to a notoriously unlicensed dealer cannot be recovered at law, he struck the heaviest blow yet given to the sly-grog trade ; and as his decision has been upheld in the Supreme Court, its full force must soon be felt." This evening will be marked by another effort on the part of the Theatre Royal Management to give the public a fine Shakespearean treat, and for the credit of their taste, we hope (weather permitting) the public will award their patronage. "Hamlet, Prince of Denmark," is the piece, and of all Shakespeare's plays it is un- questionably the most popular. Critics may differ about its comparative merit, and the cognoscenti may have their preferences, but it has been fre- quently remarked that in nine cases out of ten the family Shakespeare is most thumbed where the melancholy story of the philosophising Dane and the unhappy Ophelia is told. This gives it an aditional and more widely extended interest ; and in the same measure as the public desire to have good performances to witness, they should endeavor to witness them when they have the power. With respect to the cast, we may remark that Hamlet is one of Mr Warner's best characters, and his superior in that part it would be difficult to find in the colonies. Mr Hoskins' Ghost is an excellent specimen of art. Mr Leslie has exhibited faculties which fit him in no ordinary measure to sus- tain the onerous part of Polonius. Mr W. M. Brown plays the First Grave- digger, Mrs Ray Ophelia, and Miss Clifford Gertrude. We have thus proved to our readers that this even- ing's performance is of a peculiar and interesting character, and leave it to them to patronise it as it deserves. 