PERSONATION AT "ELECTIONS. To the Editor of the Sudncii Momma Ila and. SIR-The elections of East and West Sydney being appointed for separate days, will afford opportunity to the practitioners at per- sonation in both districts for united action at each election , it is necessary to (the timely warning against this prevalent evil. Now, if that in same manner legalised, it is at least made more difficult to prevent, detect, or punish, under the present Electoral Law. When Mr. Plunkett contested Sydney against the Bunch (about a week before the day of election he requested his coma ittee to publish extracts from the " Act" against personation and double voting declaring they required no Illegal support whatsoever in conducting his election, and that any violator of the Electoral Law should have no assistance from the in in the event of being prosecuted. In declining to comply with this request I suppose his committee expected to do as much as their opponents in that way , if so, they were disappointed Every candidate disposed for fair election ought to require from his requisitionists, or committee, in addition to the words, we will use all legitimate means the following? words, viz and none other, or require the timely making,? such a decline ition ashore stated. Under the former Electoral Law, the vote of -i personator could he detected before the election committee of the Assembly proved to by the part) person need, 111 d injustice presented, but the present Electoral laws appears loha»cbeen made for the express purpose of encouraging personvlton-at least the ballot clause, was high prevent detection. The appointment of an election committee under this boasted Elector of L tv» is a most stupid piece of humbug, c in the votes of personation, or double voting, be detected by the examination of the ballot papers! I guess this Electoral Law will be found, in its working and effects, such an "swagger sign of humbug as to beat all creation," and that a general cry for its alteration, or repeal, shall soon resound throughout the length and breadth of the colony. I am, Yours, i.s., JUNIOR' GHOST. Sydney, 24th May. 