ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. *'» do not Identify our opinions willi tlo»e ot our Correapoudeuu. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR,-The following correspondence was transmitted to the Rev. T. B. Harris, Chairman of the Tasmania District, that officially he might lay it before the Bishop of the Church of England, for the purpose of ascertaining the reason and authority of Mr. Ison, of Oatlands, for rebaptising a child already baptized by a Wesleyan Minister. But Mr. Harris declined doing so, stating, that "if they (certain clergymen of the Church of England) did not choose to recognise the validity of our ministerial acts there was no law to compel them so to do," and that "Mr. Ison's conduct was highly disrespectful to us, but only such as could be expected from men of his class." In submission to my chairman I should have allowed the matter to pass without further notice ; but I find that the re- baptism of the child by Mr. Ison has created some excitement in the town- ship, and that many whose children have been baptized by ministers not episcopally ordained, speak indignantly of Mr. Ison's intolerance and bigotry, and state that they are determined that this act shall not pass unnoticed ; therefore, that the matter may not be precipitated by others I do not hesitate to place the matter before the public. The following letters will shew the nature of the question. " Oatlands, August 29th, 1859. "Rev. Sir,-On Sunday the 14th inst., the Rev. J.B. Smith of Campbell Town, who was supplying my pulpit during my absence from the township, was re- quested, in consequence of your being at Jericho, to baptize the child of Mr. Claydon, which was then supposed to be in dying circumstances. The child, as I have since ascertained, was on that occasion baptized with water in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost-the essential parts of Christian Baptism being thus observed. " During the past week I heard that it was the intention of the parents to have the child rebaptized by you. On my calling on them to ascertain if such were the case, they told me that it was not their intention to have the child re- baptized, but that they were intending to bring it to your church that the ceremony of publicly certifying of the baptism might be observed. " To-day the mother of the child in- formed me that yesterday when the child was presented to you for the above purpose you, although having been in- formed privately by the mother that the child had been baptized, and also stated that fact in the presence of the con- gregation, when the usual questions were put to her, baptized the child with water in the name of the Holy Trinity. " I shall be greatly obliged if you will inform me if such were the case, and if so, your reason and authority for so doing." " I am, Rev. Sir, " Your obedient servant, "J. FILLINGHAM." Rev. J. L. Ison, Oatlands. To this letter the following is a copy of the reply. " Oatlands, August 31,1859. " Sir,-I have to acknowledge your letter of the 29th inst. inquiring into my reason and authority tor baptizing a child of the namE of Claydon in my church on the 28th inst " In reply I have to acquaint you that my general practice is to give an account of my official acts to those persons only who are duly authorised to request such account." " I remain, Sir, , " Your obedient servant, "J. L. ISON. Mr. Fillingham. You will now see, Mr. Editor, that mine is not the responsibility of aggression, but that on the part of Mr. Ison there bus been a defiant and wanton attack on the official character of Wesleyan Minis- ters. And now, the question is, why did he rebaptize the child ? Here, then, as Mr. Ison refused to give me his reasons, I being unauthorized to require an account of his official acts, I must assume them, and I trust that my assumptions will not be dishonest to himself, but founded on the apparent features of the case, and on his own positive and constant statements and conduct. First--I may premise that, in mention- ing the probable rebaptism of the child to a gentleman long resident in the township, but in no way connected with Methodism, he replied " Oh ! Mr. Ison will rebaptise the child if it be but for the fee." So that for the sake of a " fee," Mr. Ison would wantonly aggress on a body of Ministers whose warrant to exercise the Ministry of Christ is as valid as his own. Be this as it may I will give Mr. Ison credit for a higher reason than this, and that is, secondly, that he believed the first baptism to have been performed by an "unlawful Minister.'' This is the gist of the matter. In the form of prayer to be used in the ministration of private baptism, mention is made of "any other lawful minister"-that is, the minister called in to baptise in the absence of the Minister of the Parish and that if the child had been baptised with water in the name of the Holy Trinty, the rubric, States "then shall he not christen the child again but shall receive him as one of the flock of true Christian people, saying thus I certify to you &c.;" Now had Mr. Ison the authority of his church for denying the official character of Wesleyan Ministers and, their right to administer the sacraments I believe he has not. Mr. Ison has given utterance to senti- ments from his own pulpit, the sum and substance of which is ''that the right of the Christian Ministry belongs only and exclusively to those who are episcopally ordained, because that they have descended in unbroken succession from the Apostles." Now Mr. Ison, being a Minister of the Church of England, ought to know that the faith held and taught by the Church is contained in the Articles, the Liturgy and the Homilies, of which three, the Articles are the ruling one in any case where doubts may arise as to any difficulties on seeming contrarieties amongst them, the Articles themselves being amenable to the authority of the Word of God. Now where in these formularies does he find Apostolical suc-, cession at all, much more that it should be made an article of faith. It is not so much as named. But what says the twenty third article? the Church's definition of the Christian Ministry, Let Mr. Ison examine it with candour, and I think he will not fail to see the principle upon which Wesleyan Ministers claim to be recognized as having authority to admin- ister the sacraments according to Christ's ordinance. "Those weought to judge law- fully called and sent, which be chosen and called to the work, by men who have a public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send Ministers into the Lord's Vineyard." Let Mr. Ison observe the position of his own Church at the time of the reformation. The framers of its "Articles placed the Church of Home in the game category wit'i the defunct Churches of'Jem a'-mi, Alexandria, and Antioch, and they could take no otU^r position to deviso und per- petuate a ministry than that declared by the Article ; and when theWealeyans were driven into a state of separation from the Established Church of England, "its founders, Presbyters of that Church were " tho men who had public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send Ministers into the Lord's Vineyard," and this has been continued to the present time in strict conformity with the principle of that Article; pnd therefore we contend that we bave a right to bo re- cognised as having authority to administer the sacraments. But it is maintained that there must be episcopal ordination ; that by unalterable Divino appointment there are three distinct orders of Ministers in the Church of Christ, namely, Bishops, Priests, and Deacons ; that Bishops only have authority to ordain, and that where thero aro no Bishops, there eau bo j no valid ordination, and, therefore, no true Ministers. Certainly this is not taught in the Word of God, and I do say that, although in the preface to the ordination service, the phrnso occurs "From the Apostles i time there have bf en these three orders of Ministers in Christ's Church," yet nowhere in the Articles, Liturgy, or Homilies either directly or by implication ia the negative of this taurjht : neither has tho Church of Eng- land in those formularies excluded such as do not hold the same orders in their Ministry. And I might remark that an Elizabethan statute (13 Eliz. c X11.) ad mitted the validity of tho ordination of Scotch and other Reformed Churches.and allowed their Divines to officiato in the Church of England. But in these days, thero are those who regard Lutherans, Presbyterians, Independents, Baptiste, and Weslcyans as unauthorised Teachers, interlopers, intruders in the sacred office, and denounce thom as " Korah, Dathañ, and Abiram," forgetting that Korah and his confederates wore " clerical offenders," belonging to an order, which, wo aro told, it is presumption on our part to affect. Now if I have shewn that thero is not anything at all in the formularies of the Church of England to nceativo our charac- ter as Christian Ministers, what right had Mr. Ison to presumo to rebaptise the child in question P I repeat that it is but the effect of those protensions set up and claimed by "men of his clara" pretensions which transform the Ministers of the humble and lowly Jesus into arrogant and intoleran t Bigots. Mr. Ison cannot with any degree of candour deny the assumptions on which my letter is based, for they are in strict accordance with his teaching and conduct and with the facts of the case in question. In conclusion, might I ask Mr. Ison to account for the great wrath that ia at present manifested in England by the High Church Clergy, in consequence of the great discredit cast on the validity of the Orders of the Church of England Clergymen, bv the reception of the late Duke of Leeds into the Church of Rome, by tim Bishop of Beverlev, because that iu his dying moments His Grace lost faith in the sacramental prerogatives of the Puseyito Clergyman, who up to that time had been his spiritual director and guide. I am, Sir, Your obedt. Servant, . J. FitHNGiriM, Wealeyau Minister. Oatlands, 21st September, 1859. 