Siifortrirt MUERUMlilDGEE AND LACIiLAN J UNC IT ON. from our own correspondent February 12tli, tS59. — We are now experi encing another of those sudden changes ibr which the Australian climate is so notorious. Lust Sunday n severe hot wind blew all day long and the'thermomcter went up to K'7 in the shade; now we haven very cold southerly wind and the glass down to 82. Every per son is complaining of thu cold, mid blankets and coats are again in request. — The naviga tion oftlie River Darling by the Allmry and Gemini steamboats is much talked of here, and it is thought that the frequent presence of steamboats on that river, as well ns on tho Murrumbidgec, will render any expense in attempting to navigate the lower part of the shallow Laehlan a. perfect waste of money. The Laehlan continues unusually high, and at no time during thu present season has it been possible to cross the. Junction on foot, so that all pedestrians have had to proceed along the south hank of the Murruinbidgcc. — Tiie plan of advertising lost horses iu tLo local newspapers is gradually gaining moro support, from the fuot of some persons having recovered horses that had strayed to n long distance, by means of advertising in the Courier ii\u\ other local newspnpers.— Amongst other emigrants to Australia a fair proportion of ghosts and spectres appear to arrive and occupy themselves with visiting various lo calities and frightening numerous persons, both drunk and sober. Amongst haunted spots in this colony the Black Swamp on the south side of the Muri uuihidgco may now be elassed. "Tiie dreadful spectres seen in the New Forest, just previous to 'the death of William Eufus, were nothing to lie compared to the superhuman apparitions witnessed at the Black Swamp on many occasions. Stock men watching cattle Inn-chad them suddenly rushed, and cm searching for the cutiso have been horrified to notice a man with ut a head chasing the animals ; tnilers riding slowly after mobs of cattle have frequently noticed an extraordinary looking cob trotting through the cattle at railway speed, and disappearing almost immediately iu a must unaccountable manner, after dispersing Hie cattle in all di rections. From these and otlier causes the Black Swamp lias come to he considered as a dangerous spot, particularly after sundown, and us soon might a person expect to pass in safety the heath where Macbeth met thu witches or tho spot where Tarn O'Slinntcr encountered the warlocks niul witches as to cross the Black Swamp without seeing some horrid spectre or receiving some dreadful fright. — I hardly know if it is right to coni- niuuieato to those of your readers who are fishermen a piece of information concerning hails, us they will not be able to take advan tage of it without exorcising some amount of cruelty. Sometime since, noticing a black- fellow taking some very young swallows oat of a nest, I watched to sue what lie. would do with tliein, ns I felt assured they were not worth eating ; to my surprise I found that lie used them ns baits for catching cod-fish, and seemed to think them almost indispensable for fishing nt that timo of thu year. 