Tkr. deniehy at west maitland. x ' I _ ' I I '» On Tuesday evening a publio meeting was held mvv the Sohool of Arts, West Maitland, nt «hich Mr. D. H. Denieliy addressed the electors of the Hunter as a candi- date for the representation of that electorate in the new Parliament, Before the appointed hour upwards of two hundred persons had assembled ; but before the close of the proceedings ihe hall was orowded to excess ; pro- bably four hundred persons being 'then present. A delay of half an hour, occupied at intervals by miscel- laneous outcries, oecuried before the proceedings com- menced, when, on the motion of Mr. John Borthwick, seconded by Mr. JSagle, the chair was taken by Mr.,W. T. Mitchell. Tlie Chairman stated the object of the meeting. Sir. Demehv then carne forward amidst loud cheering. He «nid he hoped that the good feeling which his respected friend Mr. Jones lind suggested as that which should characterize this election would be adhered to. It was not by roaring, orxhecr ing, or hooting that they would settle this contest, but at the polling booth niul by the ballot, the result would he dccldod. As some remarks had been mad.: with reference to him in, tim local press, he thought It but right that ho should first correct the misconceptions that had thus been oiroulated; and con- sidering that the press here was in the hands, of one party it would be better if, now.tliat they had succeeded in obtaining' Sarliamentary reform, thoy next obtained a reform of the press. Fot only hud the press treated on the subjects of the day, andi criticised the candidates with someiaoutcness and abljlty, but it Íad descended to the vilest and most infamous personal slander, t was only the other day that he had happened to sec it Insinu- ated in tlio Empire that his obaervatlous had led to the late attack upon Mr. Sandoc If it could be believed that a gentle- man could come before the people and talk with snoh a purpbso,' it was high time that men of honour ehould quit publie lite. He must tell them why It was thqt he was now pitted against Mr. Jones ; and bo would tell them that none lu tint room had a higher respect for Mr. Jones, that none valued him more highly, that none had a moro emphatlo or a keener reoollcctinu > of his character and talent than had he. But it was for that ver)* reason that he determined in making one more struggle for the ousting of a party, to meet with their best man, with tim man who bad saved them, who had kept them in odios, who had been their most able, successful, and plausibleiadvoeate. It was not as between the Individuals that the contest woiild take place, but as between those who believed in the present Government, and those who did not. One ol' tho ¡«cal .pupers said that ho was a Tory, n Conservative.v and that he' played Into Tory hands. It, was , a . pity, that those individuals who criticised the ^conduct di otliersy'iJid ,not brlug forward arguments and ¡.jiroois,vtait(<ad,'ofi contenting themselves with abusive assumptions. If it.waa as a Tory that ho'Icft the Qovemmeut, It \ras tn.strango company that he did so. It was with Terence Aubrey Murray,'tin! mun who had aided in days gone by to wrest-the Government from the hands of the old Tory faction ; it was with William Forster, who, whatever lils faults might be, would be accused by none of being a Tory or a Conservativo. If hftjiolltlcal life" did not sufficiently belle the false and foolish assumption, he would go further, lie had read the account In oue of their papers of Mr. Jones's meeting, and of his exposllioivof bis ilews on a land iidliey. Those views were opposed to the policy 'sot forth by dr. Robertson . though ho (Mr. Jones) was determined to sup- port the Government, ho disagreed with them on the cardinal point of their policy-for the laud question was the one great question demanding a settlement It was odd that on alormer occasion Mr. Jtobertson and he (Mr. Denieliy) divided the house on a series of resolutions embodying the principles of the land policy he had now propounded. Mr Jones then voted against that policy, as did Mr. Cowper and the other members of the ministr) ; lie voted against that policy lu tlrtucof which Sir. Robertson-the model Secretary for .Lands and Public Works-obtained his position. Who was the Tory then? He would now proceed to those general questions which would en- gage the attention of the Assembly ; aud the Aral of these wAs the land question. He saw loomiug In the distance disastrous results to the powers that be in connection with that question. If Mr. Jones weutcouuter to Mr. Robertson, tlipir fall Could not be far postponed. In reading Mr,' Jones's remarks on the laud question, ne could almost have said that It was a squatting speech. It abounded In those fallacies and errors to be found In the speeches of a William Macleay, a Hay, or in past times of a Marsh. Tuero was there the direct negation of the possi- bility or the practicability of working out the Amerton sistein in this colony. He was free to confess that extraordinary notions were entertained on the land question ; and he was as far from believing the manifesto of the Land League to be in- ' falllblu as Mr. Jones or others might be. The question to his mind was this- Hero is a waste country; bow is it to be peopled? In America the bj stem of pre-emptive right and free selection had rolled a population from the shores of the Atlantic almost to the borders of the Pacific t could that system be tried here? Theorising and raising obstacles would not settle the question. They must consider how far would a polioy ti tat would have the effect of bringing population interféra with existing interests. They had the pastoral interest in existence ; and the question waa not how to destroy that interest ; but how to adopt a system that would allow fiona fide settlement to grow up by its side, until, by the operation of natural causes, the predominance of the pastoral Interest should die out That was the problem to solve. How far would the system that had worked such splendid results in another new country interfere, if tried here, with existing interests ? He had heard that question thus disposed of :-It would encourage nests of cattle atealera Allhecould say totbatwas, if they hail no peoplo to deal with but s dishonest people, it were better to leave governing them altogether. If they had to deal with a community that coul 1 not be trusted, it » as idle to sit night aftST night making laws ; let the legislature be rather merely a municipal body, to keep things going, pay salaries, see the « ork done, and keep the roads in order. Hut to those who made this objection he would *ay distinctly Uu-y made such objections too late. The people had now a power in their hands ; and If two more years were suffered to pass by and nothing were done, they would use that Îlower. Let them be wise in time ; and that people would be bund to be generous and just ; they would be guilty of none of that " gigantic spoliation, that " wresting of moral, legal, and constitutional rights" that was talked of. Hut let them not provoke an agrarian warfare. He would say a word or two upon those features which ocourrad in the scheme propounded by Mr. Robertson, Mr. Robertson recognised the principle ot deferred payments. Ho first admitted the right of free selec- tion, and then gave deferred payment, but with certain condi- tions. Every objection here urged by Mr. Jones waa well grounded and fair. It waa amusing to hear the "people's , ministry", talking of " allowiug" the people to take farms. There was no tolerance where a right existed. Wcro the people who placed Mr. Robertson In as a member, and the ministry In office,, to be told that they were to be allowed to take farms lu this and on that condition ? conditions opposed to sound reason and to sound statesmanship. (Hero Hutu was a great amount of cheering mid noise, and some person in tile crowd called out. (" Turncoat.") H to desert a party when that party jras round guilty of renouncing its own principles, aud to desert in good company, was to be a turncoat, ho was a turncoat to the back bode ; but if a turncoat was one who deserted his ]iolltieal faith, he challenged any one to point to a singlo act of his lu which lie had violated tho principles on which ho had entered j the Assembly two years ago. The complications of the land I question wera not lu the system originally, but had been ! brought there. If there bad been any thing like statesmanship, and legislation for the advancement of the interests of the county, the state of things would have been different Dot to what a state were they brought now 1 The squatter made large sums of inoucy by his stations; and how was he to invest them ? He bought another station, or he bought bank shares. What openings were there for Um as there were in other conn tries, to improve the soil, to bring u population around him, to advance his own and the national interest at the same time ? History would show that in tho early days of a nation pastoral pursuit« prevailed, but that sooner or later agriculture came In. Had the question been dealt with as a national and not as a squat- ting question, it would have been foreseen that pastoral pur- suits must give way ; natural, causes would have beau allowed to operate, and the people would have been allowed to attach themselves to the soil. How bad this been fostered t Hy a Sys- tem, which permitted the rich capitalist to lhe In Sydney or at home, drawing thousands from the vitals of the colony, and leaving there only thirty or forty nomadic stockmen-perhaps Chinese-who lived and passed away, aud lett no trace behind them-nothing to develop the high interest of the country- It would not do to hate llakcrlng legislation on this question. Ho could not endorse as) stem that would allow a roan to go and make himself a home only under the orders of a Government. If that had been the policy in former days, where would tho squatting Interest haye been ? He did not wish to be misunder- stood. Fin recognised the fact that the physical distinctions between America and Australia rendered the American system unfit for wholesale adoption in this country. The real djstina tion was not however dependent on want of means of commu- nication, or on cllmstio effects, but the existence of an interest which made universal commonage impracticable If universal commonage were given, it would go far to destroy the existing Eistoral Interest, which it was their business at present to mnln lin. The difficulty was how to meet this question-how to give the farmer that pasturage for his cattle without which all offers of pre-emption or froo selection wcro mero shams. Mr Jones had fallen Into some errors respeoilug the working of the American pre-emptive system. He seemedto think there were a nnmber of charlu who exercised the pre-emptive right merely in order to sell the land to others at a high price. But the working of the system wa« very different. It was simply this : a body of backwoodsmen pushed out Into fhe far west, faced the red Indians, put up their log huts and their fencing, and brought the land into oultivutlon i and the newly arrived Immi- grant was ouly too happy to elvo a «mall advance in prioe for these Improvement», ami for the sake of the «ociety lia thus ob- tained. That was the system that the great statesmen of America-the Websters, the Calhouns, tho Benton.«-so freely recognised. There had beeu abuse« m the system. They arose from the admission of tho falte principle of deferred payments, under which the Government found It Impossible to obtain their money, and found, too, that they had created a Stale tenantry that exercised a dominant influence on State ques- tions. The deferred payment« bad been abolished, and the present system had been introduced ; and, alter thirty years, that system had been pronounced of all s« stems the least open to objeotlon In connection with the land question there wore one or two subjects on which he would make a teir obsercv lion. He would abolish primogeniture, and advócale reform in the system of transfer of real property. It had been truty said that according to the land system and law of a country the character and disposition of that country were shaped. If the aim «vas to crento a bold and Independent body ol yeomanry, lit the land lie di- vided into Small parcels ; but if the alni waa to civttto a terri- torial aristocracy, let the country bp divided luto large tract«, and given into the hands ot a few. The alteration of the law of primogeniture was in hi« opinion the correlative complement of any good land legislation. He would advooaVo also relorm In the law »fleeting resl property. It wa« not only the expense Involved lil the transfer of real property that was objectionable, but the inseonrity of title. Real property ought to t>* as trans- ferable as chattel property. Reform in tho Survey department wa« also nqceBstu-y. Individuals seeking grouts htd been known to »valttbrpoor four yoara before »hey ooutd got them ; find many who bad saved fnonoy for tho purpose, beoame deprived ot it In the interval, to their own loss and to that of the ootnmanlty. Strange result» wert» disclosed when the Surveyor General wa« examined at the bar of tho Assembly. Tho true system of sur- vey wai by contract, under tho control ol a Govtirnroeut officer. That was (ho system In America-a system that enabled the Government always to accommodate purchasor» by baring large blocks ol land always at their disposal. With tho met« elicited from the Survej or General before them, It was extraor- dinary that a Ministry «vhloh had administrative relorm for it« hobby, hail not dono something to Improve the Survey departí mont during these two years. Reverting to the land qUSfitloii, lu« pointed to tho exsmple of Canada, where a railway of a thousand mile« in leugth bad been constructed lu order to con- ned the eastern provinces with the seaboard, as showing that the want of navigable rivers waa not an Insuncrablo dttllcultyiln tho way of a colony'« progress. As regnrdud the iiuestlon of education, ho said ho preferred tho national system. The. reason was, It was the only system romovea iruiu ueuiormu nuiuuiw. i Religion should bo taught elsewhere. Tho schoolmaster, how- 1 ever well educated, oould not ensure proper religious iustruoüon I to his pupils. Reading the bible over In parrot-like form would not teach, tholr children religion ; or, at least, not what hu oalled religion. 11'arcuts and pastors should see to that. It n parent I would not give lils child religious instruction, the cousenuenois would fall on h!s,ptyn «boulders. It wai uot for tho State to Interfere lu tho religious instruction of the people. It had been .suted that he came forward on religious grounds. That ho emphatically denied. Ho said if a man was to be elected by a scot, or party, ho was uot worthy the confidence, of his fellow cltlxcus. There had beon an Improper attempt made to, put a rtHdoun¡colour on his coining forward. Wherever right was to bo defended, and wrong put down, then) they would find him. The great waut as regarded education was not primary schools, but grammar schools, where a higher form of education was the desideratum. Ila belluvid such a provision was necessary at the time Uley weroBaddled with that condy toy, tile University. Uebelicyed the highest torm ol education would be dlsscuilnatod by gruminar schools better than by two. qr Hirco uuivci sities. An oxpensivo university had been established, without consider- ing whether they were sufficiently old to appreciate It. Tho foundor of this Institution (Mr. wentworth) had been unno- ticed, while Sir Charlen Nioholson had got the distinction. Rut they had to pay Die piper. Dr. A colley had beon obliged to turn the university into a grammar school, and reduce tho matriculation examination, owing to the pupils not being suf- ficiently udvanocd. There had also becu another grammar school established, willoh was a close corporation, where a retirlug trustee nominated his successor. This wasa-school, not lor til« sous of the people, but for noonie who could well utford to pay tor tho education of their children, A geuilomau who had been returned for a metropolitan constituency asked whether tho fees were to bo reducod, so as to open it to the bous of poor men, «ben he was told that would make a charity sohool of ft As to tho question, whether there should bo one or two houses of Parliament, he was in favour of two. Mr. Jones, who supported j tlio Cowper Ministry, was of tho samo opinion; whilst a member of tho Government« was in favour of one chamber ¡ and Mr. Cowper for havlug as many as they llkctl. If thoy only left bim In office (laughter). The experience of Canada showed that a nominee chamber would only be inope- rative. It would not aot as a check, but only give patronage to the head of a ministry. But Mr. Wentworth, who was bead of a faction at the time, was determined to have a nominee cham- ber, and, though the table of tho house was covered with peti- tions against it, Mr. AVcntvvorth only laughed at the people, and called them ruffians and blackguards. And what could the people do ? There was no house to stand between them and that house of Assembly, and the consequence was they carried the bill, and sent It home, in the stato in which tiley got It, to tho Imperial Parliament. Olio chamber wa« a great evil, and would becomo âB""de8potio as Cromwell's Parliament. It would only give such power to the Minister of tho day willoh no Minister ought to hiive. A majority ol'that house might carry a bill which might make them sorry they had not got an upper house. The vnuio of the upper house consisted lu being established on a dif- ferent boals, and representing other interests, so ii« to counter- balance Influences. It should be different in constitution, but on a popular bnsls. The companions Ol' Washington Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and Jahn Jay- when forming tho ¡American constitution, took"tvvô bouses, and their second Iioubo - had '> saved tho Union on the -great slave question, and ¡had saved the country from being wrecked in several important struggles. AHÍ the thirteen colonies while under Ilritiih rule had two houses-a Legislative Council 'ahd ia Legislative Assembly-and when separated from the mother couutiy tiley still preserved them. . As to free trade, ho was In favor of It. There were no reason« better than Mr. Jones's. To try to bolster up the country was only to nurse a bantling that iViust give up the ghost. Ile was against State aid,, and v/tshed to see it done away with to produce religious equality (cheers).- Tile only-way-a death blow could be glvon to any attempt lo raiso a dominant church was by cutting away State aid (checre). Men who would not pay for the support of religion did not deserve to have any;(hear). Rut he was not going to do on injustice to present recipients. All those clergymen who caine to the country under Sir R. liourko'a act, sliotud be fairly provided for by th« country at large. With re- gard-to the liijc of conduct Mr. Jones took on tho St. John's College Kill, he should entirely abstain from referring to it. Had It been simply a question with him of entering thelcglsla ture, he could have .rone somewhere where there was no risk of opposition, and not have come and opposed one so «veil spoken of as Mr. Jones. Ou this broad question he carne there to-day, and lie trusted hi« nativo countrymen would'stand by their countryman, and look on It as the attempt or a liberal faction to put down natives who wished lo be independent. Tho same y conduct which was lormerly pursued to James Martin was now < being pursued by different patties. It was the business of the Tories to put down Martin ; but as soon as he was made a Minister of tho Crown be was Insulted and trodden on. What the Tories did then, the Liberals were doing now. If they ad- vocated five points of the charter, and did not believe In Mr. Cowper, then they were n0 liberals. A gentleman who had called on him sl.ice his arrival here, liad said ho (Mr. Denichy) was not a nativo at all-It wus mere .bunkum, Ile thought he should know best-, but bl« being n uative waa dono altogether without consulting him (laughter). ' He trusted that lu this election they would look to principle«, aud rcoord their vote« in lils favor If they believed lu lils principles. He opposed Mr. Jones because he »vould go intqthc house to support a Ministry which he bclfoved synonymous "with every corrupt practice \- (bear, hear). Some of the party, however, had their misgiving« as to some tilings that had oecn doue. He trusted they would do what they thought best for the country at this crisis. He cared not whether he went iu or no. It could do him no good, might, ob it had done, do him much harm. Let them look not but to men, measures. The duty they wero entrusted with was a most sacred one, that of tending men into Parliament who were tohave a bandin laahiotiingthcpollcy of the country. Whatever Government might do-It they gave them a single house, or sectarian schools.or whatever else, let them recollect they had been forewarned. ' ne was quite iv Illlng to abide lil« time, be- lieving the timo would come when they would confess he was the right mau.' He was quite willing to answer any questions that might be put to him. Several questions were then put to Mr. Deniehy \ but so great was the clamour that arose when any person attempted to «peak that It »va« dltHcult; to catch their import. The first referred to pensions. Alluding to the pensions to the officials who retired on the inauguration of Responsible Government, Mr. Deniehy denounced the Job by which men were allowed to retiro from work, aud receive full pay ; but as the public faith was pledged, lie «vould not «auction repudiation. As to the question of pen- sions to retiring otucera generally, be would rather make men work well, and pay thcin salaries that would enable thom to i make provision for their old age. With respect to the Cbiuese, "ho sida he had voted for the imposition of the poll tax, not from uny feeling of aversion to the Individual« ou the ground of their colour, but because the colony was threatened with an invasion ol barbarians differing lu rcligiou, morality, and blood, and who would have upset the framework cf society, if alloivodto pour lu nnohecked. With respect to endowments to municipalities, he bad been one ot those who, when the Government proposed to ?endow them far three, four, or five years, extended the term to Uve, ten,-and llftcen. Ho would also glvotbo right to local dues and import«, and to tax unoccupied lands. With regard to the tarifr, whilst there was bore no tax upon tho luxuries and i specialties of the rich, lu Eugland there was a tax upon every norte, kept for domestic purposes, every carriage, every dog, -every conveyance, and every mortgage. He would adopt the English practice, and he would make those men who had large «uma of tuonuy, and the absentees who drew the blood and marrow from the country, contribute to the revenue. lu answer to a question from Mr. Frost about the attack on 3Ir. Sandoc, of the Era Mr. Denieiiv said that the paragraph In question had been probably copied into the Maitland Mercury lor the purpose of injuring*" him. He denied having spoken disrespectfully of Mr. Petoell, and said that he had never used any language to excito the mab to commit such au assault. After a period of about u quarter of an hour, Mr. T. Knows oprposcd Mr. Deniehy as a lit and proper person to represent . Tho Uuntcr. Mr. James Crinan seconded the motion, which was carried amidst the most tumultuous applause and groan«. A vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman, and the meeting separated. 