ta 1*4*1 oa# .* .«ijjiï ;ÍÍ. S ¡J* :o ia-3Cjí»»¿cwJt .J(FTomtjll the>Ytar Round.) I ti '--^ WITH respects io > v'.sual. proofs of the, moribund human influence,r; I : might ' refer ; to: a ; hundrei admitted instances. ; The following narrativo i BO remarkable,1-brid so well attested, that although it liaB been »ready given" to\the world,' I sha' preface lt '.with.' those histories''thatJ1 "can giv át first hand.. It is from Mrs. Bray's Life c Thomas Stothard, R.A., and relatos to the deal' of Stbthard's eldest son, Thomas, who has kille Hy an accident at the age of thirteen. * After mentioning that the boy's mind liad beei mùcb 'and - religiously impressed * by ac singula dream that he bad- three; months; before' th accident, Mrs. Bray tims proceeds : '." - . f But there was; a niorè lawful,' aV yet mori mysterious, i circumstance connected with thi boy's death, which - tho afflicted mother used ti relate, and to which Alfred Stothard,« on readirj) my, first1 account of it/ added some few particular previously unknown 'to'me1,,.as".he1'had:derivoi then) from Iiis, parents."; I,; do, not .pretend ti judge- of ' it..- ilt<. might» have < J been the.effects o a. deceptió''visits," pr'b'duoed'/ by] -a strong'1 ant anxious;'^^imaginationor it ,mightnhaye. been 'i warning tri ore than i natural. , It ift not,' however my place to decide- what t it wasj but simply t< relate those .^particulars'' wliich^ap-deeply ina pressed>; the6 miitd^'df: brie 'whose "-'yeracitjr. ;. w'a¡ never. q'àoBtïonèdiin.ïhe relatio , :, . ^ .-j* On' the 'day-the fatal accident \ocpurred}<thi bóy¡ ' in¡ à very lively^ mood, f cárne " to his' father, and, asked bim" to/give him\sbme money, with permission to gb "but ami buy a" bird.^ "His'request was granted, and he left the house, .-T As. it afterwards appeared, oh" bis way 5to; make, the purchase^, he called ] on','á favourite schóólfeltow to ask liim to go with him. ' Mr. and Mrs. Stot- hard that afternoon proposed, .what they, often, did in the. summer months, to take a walk together iñ tho neighbourhood, or in one of the parks. They , went, therefore,, to'their sleeping-room'to make some change of dress. Mrs. Stothard had desired -a- servant to' air a gown and to bring it np to her room. The servant had neglected this last part of the order. - Mr.-Stothard wa» stand- ing before a glass with his back towards Mrs'. Stothard, when she' "suddenly exclaimed (as if addressing her,SOB,) '.Tom, what do you. here t But, as you are ¡here, go down and tell the servant to bring up my gown.' . f' Mrl Stothard, "knowing that his son was out by his permission, said, with extreme surprise, ' What do you mean ? Tom cannot be here ; he is gone out to buy a bird." \m ;. : ??',*,*.I 'saw, him but this instant, standing by the side of the bed yonder,' replied Mrs. Stothard, and a cold chill ran' through her husband's veins, asj she added, that, when she spoke to him, ho \- moved strangely, seemed to stoop down| and she saw him no more. ?< She waa 'greatly agitated, yet retained a'perfect possession of her-senses ; but almost began to doubt their evidence; when she heard v a knock' ot "tfi'o, house, door. On eagerly Inquiring who", itj might be,s tlié 'servant told her that two strangers ' were below, asking for. Mr. Stothard. She 'raahed dow ,the stairs and wanted to know their business. ' They would téllíher : nothing, but persisted in their desire to see -her' hnsband; He at length appeared.* ; They requested to speak with him alone. 'It is about' Tom,'.said ,Mrs. Stothard, in the greatest pertur- bation of mind., Mr. , Stothard abd the gentlemen went into a'front parlour : the door, was'shut The anxious mother could not restrain the feel . frigs, of'agonised cariosity tliat " possessed , ber ¿be listened at tho doory and hoard that her sou', Thomas was. shot dead* by a schoolfellow} > who was occidentally handling a. gun; and; who, not l^nowiog it .to be londed, aimed it at the unhappy boy When they were about going but together." - ' Such 'ia -the remarkable story " told by Mrs.' Bray/ Of similar , narratives, all ! bearing-, upon the sarnè point, I could relate a hundred. Indeed, it is- a sort of evidence that is always accumulating on my own hands.- '. " . -, ' * . . ' ' !;À.well-known .medicar man, .whom I will call Sigismond,: narrated to me the following :t - . ' " I was staying," said he, ?. down in Wales, at à-V beautiful* but lonely ¿cottage. . Î «fas? in a melancholy and distressed , mood,: on - account of an-absent friend whom I doarly loved, and whom I knew' to be'dangeronsly JU. Ono' evening, late in! autumn,;'! ' was sitting by a, fire/Awbich was acceptable nt that season, but, as I am fond of air, had. left unclosed the window of my little sitting-room," which"1 opened down to the ground, and gave ; access. tb' the Mawn in front of the house.'., Thcre was a bright moon shining out of doors; so that I could sec distinctly anything moving in the; garden.' Suddenly I saw very nenrto tho window what seemed to mo.the face and , figure of tho ' friend about whom I .was anxious. I did not seo him as a shadow, or as vjm'unsubstantial-shape and coinage of tho brain, but 'asI, á real material ; being, , as completely external to myself ns you ore at thia moment!, As the last accounts ; of my friend hud been i more favourablo, I made no1 doubt it was himself, who had by;some' miracle como down to^Vales. I |nust,say, however, that this was more uti impres- sion arising from, the reality . of the appearance than-any . consequence pf reasoning about thc matter. ' Tho; whole ' took place so quickly, I had no time to reflect. I went, out to meet my friend, but,; as I passed into tho garden, he soemod to'recede from'me, and to retire altogether from my:.view.' I ; went round the little territory, 'calling but and .looking' round the shrubberies for mys friend ; but, as I saw nothing, I began to'conclude the whole affair had been'my fanoy ; so I returned into tho parlour, saying to my sol f, ?How strange !' I sat down by the fire again, but, with a: sort of restlessness, had taken a . different chair to what I had at first, and placed niyself in it on the'othor side to where I had beehV,sitting .bcfbrë, so 'that'the empty ohair '.aced me., Suddenly, as I lifted up my eyes, I saw my friend sitting in tho opposito chair. This time, there seemed no ' possibility of illusion. There' ho was, looking at mo moat kindly and affectionately. The light of the fire shono brightly on his face, whioh wnB a remarkably handsome "one, and which now bore the aspect ofboolth. Thero was about the countenance à beauty and a radiance that looked angelical, and . which i I shall novor forget. The next moment' I' lost my recollection, and was only aroused from a kind of fainting flt by the restora- tive's applied by my landlady, who bad heard mo fall heavily on tho floor, where she found mo lying sensoIesB." - ' ;,,«' Well," I asked, '« and was your friend dead ?" \- "Yes, he bad died on tho same night, and, OB fir as could bo ascertained, at the very hour when I; thought I saw him." ' . Well," I asked, "docBnot this Btriko you ?" ..'?'* It i-is > singular, cortofnly," responded the doctor; " but my fainting fit showed I was in a ; disordered state, such ns might, probably, ,prb-, duce an ocular illusion." "Yes, but what say you to your1 friend having, died at tho identical timo of his appearing to j youÎ" * ' ¡¡lt\, .-.".' < " OU V was tho auswer, " thal whs certainly f ti* .»«»tia ow v.t »? -i,,-.",. ., : .v a .singular,.jcoincidence ; "anu^yet [I'cpnsidcr it 'oDly.as aeoinoidenco,'';, /L Vi/ /-.'Vi*,i-.'Vtl',.Vr; { , It'is remarkable how generally-inr'eeä: uni-, versally-^Iháve found that,"-like Dr.-sigismond, the seers , of apparitions wetè not believers' in apparitions. I... do. not find; that fear or super- stition has grown out of those visitations, but the contrary ; andthis unbelieving,,belief, this quiet! acceptance'.of (n fact'1 as a fact, argnes, 1 think, an instinctive . feeling: that such visita- tions are subject to a natural law, arid, are not those real presences from another world, at the ideo,bf;whioh. we revolt as with an innate sense of. disorder and incongruity. ''; ?Another; singular fact,, respecting thonght impressing by dying friends, ; is.. that nearly all tlie apparition stories which have been related to rae by- the seers themselves" have not oome ont of the mouths oft palo, wild*, .distractedly staring mortals, but of decent looking/ bodies, who wore remarkable, for what is. called i ff good sense." Sometimes, as in the foregoing story,* the nar- rator: has been a doctor, a mari of 'foot, and materialistic tendency sometimes a staid.mathe-'. inaticián/1 who 'would ask, ù propos of. Milton's Paradise Lost,, the famous question, " What does it prove?" tAnother remarkable thing is, that all these, common-sense, narrators beh'eved ,in thoir owhr stories, but 'not in ghosts ; and- that, .when hard- pressed ;by. the! number of recorded visions similar "to) - their, own,;' which' invariably occurred under, similar circumstances, namely,'at the very moment whon " the person supposed to be'.beheld was in" rthe. act '. of dying ; allii agreed»:in .-' one Vqmmbn^e-i^laritttipnj ; visual' delusion 'and1 mere coincidence, j-. : ' ... '',. ^ ,'!' _ , ' ' .' ':\ J . These 'ghost- seers, thon, were 'riot .credulous', persons' ; ! nay, so ; little credulous, ? as. to refuse to connect, by. any substantial link two 'phenomena jwhich-^npt twice, but twenty times-f-ioccurred in; sequence. Philosophy.says other "vis*, Bacon and. 'Babbage (in any matters not ghostly) say. other-, wise.: Phenomena that happen more than a few times coincidently are allowed to be relatod in the manner of cause and effect! . , , r ,., The two instances of Bim pie : vision resulting from thought-impressing at the moment of death, which I am about to bring before the reader, were -related, to me by just one ;of. those undeniable witnesses. They were told me by'the'Rev.'W. ;W--n, mathematical tutor at one5 of . the ¡Cambridge; colleges : a ; man of talent/ arid of undoubtedly hard brains, for he: has written more jthan one work, upon-.the most crabbed questions of Fluxions and the Differential Calculus-works highly esteemed. ' /, ; ,// ' j Number One happened to the' Professor him jseif. -'. . ?> - - ., ..' /.',.". ;;; v ...' j "When I was about ten years old": (W. W ri loqiiituO'.'^I' .was, token much' notice of . by a lady of rank and fortune! My own mother being dead, this excellent person almost supplied to nie her place". Very often I stayed for weeks iri'he'r house.! The .last "timé that this!was the :case. Lady M. was suffering from indisposition. [First she kept her room, thea her bed. 1 had riot seen her for some days, but that-- she was danger- ously ill I was not told.- ' Indeed," from her native (kindness of heart, I am sure all those about, me j were studiously warned not to alarm or distress me by speaking to me of Lady M/s precarious state. .Yet, though'I felt that tho watchful care of this lady was still over nié, that through her [invisible ; attention my, meals .were brought to me I OB usual, and-, my pony came «to the door at the accustomed hour, I was rather, pining for the society; bf ¿ my kind; fiieri'd; ;ànd often asking, When shall I bo allowed to hee',Lady. M. ?' .The i answer jto.this::qubstion' were evasive. - But «the ¡last thing a child thinks 'pf is' death. /I had no ifaar that Lady/M.; would'die!; '.'I ? ' '- '/ '"V; ; '! ; I - '« One night I : was lying in my little bed. It was winter. Tho fire cast à bright light all over the room. I! had not".long been,in bed : Thud not been- asleep. . Indeed,.. I. know that I was at ; that 'moment r as < wide awake as I ara now. j Suddenly, though T neither- saw nor' heard the döor,.,oppn,; I sow (Lady; M. /quite/; distinctly' ; advancing ai if from, the door towards :' my. bed. She was dressed: in a. white, wrapper. tThe fire shone' upon her face."'1 ,T nqverdóubted tbat it was herself. ? Stretching out my:'arms,'I cried^. « Oh 1 Lady M., are you indeed,come once more to see your little prince ?.'- (hen favourite mme for me). But she did not'answer a word. She came on to within a oertairi distance of roy bed,1; then stood still, , and looked upon , mei with .'such an intense expression of kind affection that I never saw equalled;- Then, somehow, I can : hardly1 toll in what mariner, sho scorned tb retreat; from me, and,' as it were, to go out through the wall. . She waB gone. But I did not feel frightened. I sup- posed-that Lady M., having come, as she some- times did, to my room, to seo I bad everything comfortable, had feared to disturb trie by speaking, and so had gone oat quietly somehow by the door, or a door, of. course. So I fell asleep, greatly comforted and pleased by having "seen Lady M. " The next morning there was a mixture of silence and , mysterious sound in the house. Strange, persons crept, abouti I; was hindered from going near the door of Lady M.'s chamber. At last I was told, in -answer to my reiterated entreaties that I should see Lady M., for she was now well, I aaid (had she .not come herself to my. room the preceding night ?), that Lady'M. was dead- had expired at the very moment (as far. as.could be ascertained) when I had seen her, the evening before, come to my bedside, arid look at mb so yearningly." , , I, of course, asked the -Professor if, by possi- bility, Lady M. (unwatched daring that momont) might really (as in the ¿ase, pf some othor sup- posed, speotre) ' have come to his bedside, and returned to die in her own i room ? Tho Pro- fessor* declared that such a thing was-impos- sible, for Lady M.'s own mother, knowing her daughter's moments were numbered, had never left the sick-bed for a single; moment, and in lier arms tho. poor patient breathed her last, at the identical time ? when thc appearance visited Mr. W-i-ri; !7r.:.V""" ' rr; . Tho second (tory told me by mathematical Reverend W--n, -inns thus s . ' 'At'S t. John's; College, Cambridge, was a pro- fessor of the name of FalloWcs, ci-devaut senior wrangler, "a -roBy man right plump to soo." Ho was an especial friend-of Mr.-W--n, »ho wari in the habit of seeing him constantly. One morning calling upon him, Mr. W--n found bia friend in his dressing-gown ot a later hour than, usual, reclining on his sofa, and looking pale arid dispirited. To continue in tho words of Mr. Wt-rn : " I asked Fallowes, AWhat is th« matter with you ? Are you ill ? ' No ! I am not ill.' I rallied him on his despondency, and entreated him to toll mo the oaiiBc. Ile said, 'You will laugh nt mo if I tell you.' I assured him, I promised him, that I would not. At length, after much pressing, he enid, ' If ever I saw any ono, I saw my friend M. last night at the foot of my bod.' ' Why,' replied I, « ho is in Scotland,' 'I know it 1' Baid Fallowos, '?'and that is tho wonder,of it, and tho horrlblo thing. For ho appeared to me with- drippingdiûlrj'and swollen feoturoB,'aW'wíth'/ñll the appearance of a.drowned corpse. And I cannot get it out of 'my head that'something has liapponed tb him.' ; My ' dear friend,' Ï said,' ' you have only bad a horriblo dream, and be sure nothing will corné bf it.' However, do all I could,-I found it im- possible to remove the impression from Fallowes's mind. For days he continued melancholy, and at length ono morning lie put a letter, into my bandi! with merely these words: 'You see I was right T The letter was to narrate that bu the very night when Fallowes had received the impression, his friend had been drowned in crossing a ford in Scotland." , Many of my contemporaries at Cambridge will remember that portions and distortions of this story (bf which I now give the correct version) were dimly bruited about, and that it was reported (which was the truth) that Fallowes, could never endure to be interrogated on the subject. They lyill also bear witness that Fallowès did not look like a man addicted to seeing ghosts. 