FUGITIVE FANCIES, IT AN OPTIMIST. . No. III. . ? ' .. TITB DAB1C SIDE OF NATtTRE. So Bathuxat has nt length ndraneed its claims to tho ponsi!.'«ion of a loc.il and acclimatised 'ghojf, and Bnnlin-atrcct may rio with Cook lana in the honours of supernatural ab»urdity j with'tllis oanentml difference, that the latter apparition puzzled the wistwt brains of the daj, droro Dr. Johnson, that inlullcotiml giant, nhno't diolrnctod, nnd certainly cnuxcri poor Xnopi Colton'B death by suicide, while our ' poor ghrut,' (anil sorrowfully i nay it, for Tull«y rsml h.\\* told o* that ' it n'y ' a rimn in plus r»;w.'Mfc qu'un aneien abut,') will scarcely utJtMf r moro legitimate claim* upon tho popular ere lulity than can be bo-iad upon tho dyspeptic pluint«»ic» created in tjio femalo mind by an unmunl indulgence in postprandial revelries, heijfhrpneO, it may be, hj that excitable tempera mert which is common to the sex. I auiifiMf that I think rory cheaply of these stories in penoral. A story, merely horrible or e'en arrfitl, which oontains no sentiment eloTuting to thi- human heart, oiid its hopes, is a inora appeal -o the least judicious, lenst healthy, and least nvi«ciline of our passions — fear. Thow whn*o attention can bo gravely nrro-ited by it, am in » fit atato to receire any nbaurdity ; und this i« the cntwe why less talants ore ro quirA) to enforce it, than in nny other specie* of composition. With thw opinion uf men thinR» I mt? bo allowed to any that I- would undurrnke to write a Joic'.l horrible nlorio in a day, all of which ahouid mnto tho common worshippers of power, who wor« not in tho Tcry healthiest con dition, tia-n pale. We would tell of tho Bua«et L'vlyB of Rainliam— of tho Bodiless Skull of Howiek Hall— thoThrco Zadipj ofilidilloton— of knocking ghosts of less ancient and sri«to eratiij pedigreo, and shocking apoctral anomalies of »I:«ne. nnd tliinoo which, when seen. drOTo people mad ; anTt'indigcstion Vnown what oIbo betid?. But who would incuanro talent with a ??».',? it fait grat, or a lobster salud f Mere grimnp?s is us oasy as grinning ; but it requires ttoiasthing -beyond Uiis to put p. hftnd iDino colouring upon a story. Narratircs be ramc of auspicious merit in proportion ns they lwn.tp horriiTr; olTancM, particularly of blood isJ TmmtU., -A child has a reasonable respect f--.- the gory plinutwmato of the nnnory, becauio all inin£i^« * vrhnleoerer of pain and terror are i ear anil fearful nt hi* inexperienced ago; but n-.F-rings, merely physical (unless sublimated Ste thoso of PhiloctetM ami Prometheus), are o:nmon nMces to a grflwn man. Image*, to ? -c;tuu awful to him, must be rrinovcd from the rro.'srrs* of the shambles, r -A death's bead was rcsj'ivtablp thin^; in the lirinth of « roeditatire' mon-,.or nf u nun e'ompeUtwJ br her vocation fo ?-.?'??-* the ir!.\\- of lifo anil-society; or of a .:,?::;?? .ilrrii'ly btir-cd in the p^ithle?s deaert. L.'L.w'.. Du.'.'C r.f'.Ucalli, and Cimabue't cele r: -.Ij.i iro.c.r- ?:, the Cntnpo H,inlo, nt Pisa, in ..i. '. -t ty ..-i'r:iiT'7 skrleton lejida along a w; ., ;\;n'\ iY.-n- I'i'.ryr.p* *o tiio Knntlerr.nn, ??: r. i:oa : -.t.-.t-:-! : ? .'??-?«?' r '-?it ov'n there the ,.i,.f,,Vi h-.T... ,-.: ...ir o«* tlio iadicrputjand i-i.-;.-:il. i: -.— ;?::?- t.h'cafci'iipii wilh.tbeftjin a. ::vt..- *?:.:-. .-? hj-.', v ., m f!i':-j1( naTea-'ribMo -n!r hn-.-r iu-_ '? r.j/.l-*nUi»'»VT. mtfs«SM!BJailes«. ? ? \ ? ?'--. Storiea th»t give mental pain to no purpose, or to very HttU purpose compared with the ua plensiiut iden^ they excite of human nature aro a3 gro« mi-taie9, in their way, as these, and twenty timss r» pernicious j for the latter bi coiru. ludicrous to grown pjople. They oryin:ite aldu in tllo same eitreme-t, either of culluu.mc:}.*, or morbid want of excitement, as tho others. But more of this »t soin? futuru date j ray buai Desa at present ia with things ghastly and ghostly. A ghost story, to be a good one, should unito as much hs poasihlo, objeets 9iieh aa they are in life, with a proternatur.il spirit j and to b;- a perfect one,'— at least to add to the other utility of excitement moral utility, — they Bhould imply soaie great sentiment — something that comes out of tho next world, to remind us of our duties in tins ; or something thnt helps to carry on tho id)u of our Immuuitr into after-life, evun when wo loust think we shall take it with us. When 'tho buried mnjjatv of Denmark' revisits earth to speuk to his son Hamlet, ho comes armed, as he used to he, in his complete ateel. His viaor israised, and tho same fi.o face is thure; only, in spite, of his punishing errand '? A. eountetmneo more in sorro'v than in aiT'er '* When Donne tha poet, in his thoughtful caKerncis to reconcile lifa urul deuth, had an efu\\-y of himsxlf painted in n shroud, nnd laid by his bod-sido in u collln, he took his humanity with him into tho othrr world, not affecting to lower the sense of it by regarding it piece-meal, or in the frame work. Burns, in his Xam O'Shanter, shows the dead in their coffins after tho tmrna fusliion. lie doeit not luy baro to us their skeletons or refuie, things with which wo can connect no sympathy, or spiritual wonder. They still aro Bosh and body to excite the one ; yet so look und bohavfl, inconsistent in their yery consistency, as to excito tho other. *' Coflins stood round Hko open presses, Which shewed the dead in their last dresses ; And bveomo dovilish cantrip sleight, Each, in his cauld hand, held a light.' ISeanimation is pjrlmps the most ghastly of ?II ghastly things, inviting as it does an appear ance of natural interdiction ? from the next world, with a supernatural experience of it; Our human consciousness is jarred out of its self- possession. The extremes of habit and newness, of common place and astonishment, meet suddenly, without the kindly introduction of doath and change ; and the atrangcr appals us in proportion. V«ry many of us can recol lect how, when tho first experiments wero made in galvanism, and the account of the galvanised dead body appeared in tho papers, whose fea tures as well aa limbs underwent such contor tions, that it Boomed-as if it wero about to rise up, one almost expected to hear, for the .first time, news of the. other world. Perhaps the most most appalling figure in Sponsor is that of Maleger ; (PuSry Queen B. 2, 0. XI.) ' Upon a tygre swift and fierce he rode, That ns tho windo ran underneath his lode, Whiles his long legs nigh omight unto ? tho ground j _ -'?'?.? ? ? Full large ho was of limbe, and shoulders brodo, But of such subtile substance and unsound, That, like a ghost he seemed, whoso grave clothes were unbound.' Coleridge in that wondrous voyage of his to the brink of all unutterable things, the Ancient Mariner, does not set mere ghosts or hobgoblins to man the ship again, when Us crow are dead ; but reanimates, for a while, tho crew themselves. Thnre is a striking legend of this description in 3 do' a Notes upon the Koran. Solomou dies during the building of tha Tomple, but his body remains leaning upon a stuff and over looking the workmen, as if it wore alive s 'till a worm gnawing through tho prop, he falls down. Tho contrast of tho appearance of humanity with something mortal or suparnatural, is. al ways the more terrible in proportion as it is complete. In tho pictures of th» temptations of saints and eremites, whore the holy porson is surrounded, teased and enticed with devils and fantastic shapes, the mo-t shocking phantaum is that of the beautiful woman. But to conclude, lot me return once more to the Ancient Mariner. The most nppainng personflgo in the poem is the spootre woman, who is called Life-in- death. Ho renders this most hideous abstraction more terriblo than it could otherwise have been, by embodying it in its own reverse 'Death' not only ' lives' in it, but tho ' unutterable' becomes uttered. To see such an unearthly passago end in nucli eorthliness, seems ut tho moment to turn common-placo itself into a sort of spectral doubt. Tho Mariner, after describing the horrible calm, nnd the rotting sea, in whioh* the ship was flxod, is speaking of a strange sail which he descried in the distance : — 'Tho western wavo waB all a-*ame, The day was well nigh done ! Almost upon tho western wave Bested the broad bright sun j When that strange ship drove suddenly Betwixt us and the Sun. ? ?? . :-.._' And straight tho Sun was flaekod with bar», (Heaven's Mother send us grace !} As if through a dungeon-grate he peer'd With broad and burning face. ' Alan ! (thought I, and my heart b.'at loud)' How fust aha noara and ncara ! ' Are thoso her 9nils that glanco in the Sun, JJUo restless ;oB»amaro3. Aro tbc«o her ribs, through which the Sun Did peer, as through » grute f And is that Woman ull her craw f In that a Death t and are there trrof Is Douth that Woman's mate t TXur lips wero red, her looks wore free. Her locks wur« yellow as gold, Her akin was as wliife sa leprosy, Tho JTight-Maro Life-in-Oeath wa« iht. Who thicks Man's blood with cold. 