EUROPEAN TOPICS. (From the Special Correspondent of tlie Argus.) London, June 18, 1859. Whoarc fliesecolleagu;s? You'll think it a j >lte, but you'll find it isn't, when you a>-a told that the chief one, or rather the chief three, the Cerberus of the Happy Family, three gentlemen rolled into 0ue, is John Bright. Whiit, of Birmingham ? Yes, the Qaiker; and *.v-U may you s'lake as you hear it. M»re we havn't a shiver left, and there i*.•'<"( a man amongst us woulu be s ar l-d if tumblei i.nu a con- (O-POS R.F <.>icut«O cols, BO LIMI'I I" are we with other old fish considerably more shocking. But furelp Bright isn't in the Cabinet, a- d 'n the Cubioetof Pslmerston, whom lu'Vibbetted only u few short years ago i'B tltu uust arrant impostor io all this sgcof charlatans and shams! No; John himself csrtainly is not; he knows better thin that; and, audacious as he is, he has scruples. The first that may be mentioned is concerning unwenri m-ibles—brecches to wit. I'lia entire ^ray-horses of ltarclir a d Pt>r''ins wouldn't draw John into a pur of Court srna'ls; nor all the men atnrnis in the Tower, at the point of the bivon it, fix a t.oi-tiog forlc in his hand ; sivhi-j nothing of bluu-bucklfe, knee di'.to, and tin r-'it o' thj a iti-PennJylvanian t>2,-pry esjeiilial to aiip:srana in ili- Ko ei pre;enee But hi of Uirming'iam H never! h li si the Warwick of th-; occasion; sets up A id p ills down prerai ?rs alnioit at pleisur". and, of course, controls th" Council 11 nrd thro'i/'t his puopets. Of t'rese the priiic'pil for the p -esen*. is Milner Gibs <n, whom ha has out it the hctrt o; tin* P.> u* Law I'epirtmont. Kiviiff placed Cobleo, althju;h in Am i '.i.".\, w"iere he sti'l is, in Parliament f ir Bright's own borough of K ichdale, he his also uow phced hi u in the Cabinet as Pr»s':d'_>nt of the Board of Trad. 1 . It takes a goo:l deal to astor.i-h the Unadorned at anv tiro? ; but assuredly, if t :eir bo one i^riin of surpriscbi.ity in his composition, it must esplnd.', likj atiOrei'U ho'nh,when tiding» reach hi n auong the Yankees, (.bowing that uot only is Iticlii-d himself again, hut ag eiter mm tlun tvrr But will he soco.isider hiunelT? Will he conrent to be si considered oy others ? IJouVfnl. llewil be here in a f*\v davs, atd then we shall knoiv. Hut Cibinet Minister he is nt pres'iit, duly sinctioned and uppr iwd l,y the Qaeen; and all bsciuse John Brig.it comininds it. ^ou will "oiv, perhaps—a« it is to be hoped you did long ago—reco.(:iis3 th • jis ,r.cs< of the measure taken in this co-rospmdcnca of the poNntiiUty of the Q taker, at whose supp s;d feebleness and i npractibiiily and crotchetitiess all our pagesof Senate and Press have been sneering 'lies* six months. TI12 biro liieaof two so prominent members of th: peaca party as Cobden and Gibson, at th* behest of a thiid—Bright, sitting in a Cabinet who-e head is the profrssional fircbra ,d Palmerston (cool enough is the noble incendiary, however, when a certain Northern lire-engine plays upln him!, is so outre that all other anomalies an 1 incongruities, combinations and dislocatiotii a id "tultiQcitions, seeta trite and common plac; iu comparison. Yet are thore other thin.-; of n, like kind much more f mtastie. Iu Vo.l tvV junction, if he join, there will hi." s^lf-contiadiction only on one side, and tint not his ti 'e. If he enter the Unbinat, it wiil ba to put an end to wlut he has ever denounced as the great d straying vice of the linglish governmental system—serrc. diplomacy; and if he can't put an end to it, he will very soon imkeafitiis of thoMinistry, though Finality will perhaps antiii ja^ehim in that; for Lord John, t>o, is a member, and will speedily dismember the whole body, scattering it limb by imb to limbo. Yes, the author of " Don Carlos" will presently re-enact the leading incident iu that long dammed pi -cc of bedevilment, and destroy his own offspring, tbiivary Ministrr ; for it is his even more lhau Palmsrstnn's. Had it not been for Lord Juhn, Granville, and not Palmerstoa, wo aid have beau the Premier, In this case Palmerstoa would hare been Foreign Secretary, and Lord John the 1 Lord knows what. Now, rather than Palmers ton should be Foreign Secretary, tho Court, by every member of whom be is abominated—-Louis Napoleon atidthe ' V.ar know why, as da also Kossuth and MazZini, a 1 four being now hail fellows, and tumbling all the old houses in Eorojie out of windows—wo^ld far prefer his being premier.' In this post, having to do bis work through other instruments, and his tool, Clarendon, being thrown aside, he cannot be ^npremu,41s he would be were be in the foreign department for foreign purposes—"foreign" in this sense, meaning adieu." The only man who has a chance of not knowingly becoming Palme-ston's tool in such department is Kusstll; but Lord John's vanity is so enormous, he carries that little tomtitical, cack-sparrowcil, b»ntim-chie.kenisli heid of his so bijh in the air, that he will perch upon any twig, however thickly limed, if at a flattering altitude. Hence th: old Tiverton fowler, as sure as a gun. will lure him on to ruin, as he has often done before; and then the unfortunate will be made game of iu the most uuseasonable season. It was ai in the two great blunders of Lord John's life—a li e full of blunders, for eveh bis successes have all been the consequences of something not turning oat as he intended, or something clso turning out as hi*did not intend. These two were, first, the Italian mission of his fjther-in-law Minto, in 184^, to stir up, as Uii bemud died Envoy Limsolf imagined, and as the mistaken ltussell also of coursa thought, the Italians to resistance. That Wis exactly the object of Palmerslon also. He let the poor little egotistical dnpe take creiiii lor it, and for writing speeches for his fathcr-in-Uw (rather younger than himself), with scraps from Dante and Ariosto, to be spouted, bs they were spout'd, from Venetian balconies and MUntuanba-ustrades.thc noble plen postrutting into the Vatican, wi'h a wide-awske on his head, a pair of eight-aud-sixpenny high lows on his hoofs, and his hands in his pocUcts, and asking the tiara'd Jtfono ['trip le hatted chimera,'' asCarlylehas it] how he foand himself, and what was the reason it sh uld be 12 o'clock on the fiber when it wa* only half past 11 on the Thitn-s. But thera was the ail essential difference between the motives of the then Promier and ths Foreign Secretary—tJ9 OJB meant the democratic up-ising to be real and successful ; the other meant it to be a mockery and a failure. It was not the former; it was the latter. The Republican revolution was stimaUt"d for the purpose of betraying to the des?its those who confided in 1 tic E.E'W : and hence th* enormity S} monstrous as to i>„ i-.—attic, were not the actors the witnesses—jf the Sicilinn insurrectionist being prevented by B-itish men-of- war from returning the fire of Bom'ia, whom they had been incit lid by British emissaries to dethrone. Il 'nce, also, the not loss incredible, but yet more cleirly demonstrated fact (set forth in the Blue Books, and raked up in the 1 eccnt debates all over again), that in 1818, when Austria wanted to abandon Lombirdy, and b3 off Danubiwards, Palmerston—para jon of nationality mongers, " truly British Miuister"—^would r.ot let her. He forced her into retaining the Milanese provinces, by that means forced her into bringing the Hussians upon the Hungarians, thereby rendered inevitable th j Crimean war, which, in its turn, rendered inevitable the Peace of Paris ; and that n^ain has ltd to this terrible liusso- Frunco-Sirde coufcieracy, in presence of «'lii..h we sro noiv trying to sing " Jiifiomen Form ' with the rattle in oar throat, crying, Who's afraid ?" with the valour of a school-boy whistling in a churchyard to keep fna ghosts off. The sccond great blunder in Kussjll's civeer was the Durham Letter, which product d the fi-st irre- mediable fracture in parlianie itary liberalism, and the consequences of which bid dtfiatico to repair, save in such miserable: cobbler's work 03 th? present Cabinet discloses. The real his ory of thit most suiciiil epis'.le is Biill a secret to tiio pub ic ; but t is well kn jwn to havo been the result of a trap laid for that enlf- «iiC5c : .ency whbb, as Silney Srai h used to say, would have imp,-lied Lord John to take the omnKnd of the Channel fleet, or attempt the ' cbef-d'ceivro' of lithotriptic surgery. He was told ti take the Papal bull by tha horns; but the only horns "be got h>ld of were those of a dilemtta which hive never ceas-d goring liim from that point to this, Hat ptriiapa a more poignant dilemma even than that is the one h» is now impaled upon. You rc-member—who can ever fjrget ?—he circ lmstauces under which he made his double exit from offise on the last two occasions. First, ha turned round all on a sudden on Aberdeen, and t.-ipped out the heels of the two Peelites, the Dake of Newcastle, and Mr. Sydney Herb rt, for their "horrible and heart-, ending mismanagement of the war, undermined the House, and then, with the instinct of a rat, fl id ere it fall. Soon after he trasmadca Cabinet minister by Palmerston and t legraph, whila wandering bout th * Continent, and proceeded as ambassjdir extraordinary—most extraordinary ambassador—to Vienna Here occ urred the famous episode of the Four points, one bang that the war should then and there terminate, and the siege of Sebastapol be stopped at once, l'his he vehemently urg*d, as did also bis Prc-nch colleague, Drouya de Lhuys, who, like a mau, threw up bii post when his own^ Government refused to back him, which it <i.'i, P&lmerston; saying ditto to the Imperial gentleman as regarded the English emissary. Home came Lord John but instead of oarrying his tail between his logs, lie brandished it over his head, expanded his mane, stretched forth his paws, and raisiog his voice for war, stood for.h as the impersonation of the Brit'sk lion in the most rampant state of pugnacity. Nothing wou'd do for him but the extermination of the Russian bear, whom he growled at for hiving a •« rhinoueroua J hide" (his own words), and not oomimr coming out oat j o 6git ' to th» dwtik Wh»t What STSfif must have been the forty-hippopotomao bide of that man who conla thus talk while knowing that all his Cabinet colIeagu.B knew he had been urging upon tbem the adoption of the very opposite sentiments ? For a whi'e the imposture prospered. At iast the truth came oat; that thU bellicose pers mage, who roared for " guns, blunderbusses, trumpets, drums, a -d thunder," in St Stephen's, Wcstmins'er. had been cooing as turtlisbly as a cue-kin^ dov« in St {Stephen's, Vienna ' I'lten, indeed, on the discovery of this duplicity, rose on all fcides a cry of disgust, the like of which never was heard before, yet BOOH may ba heard again. Still, ho w *tir. Either affecting* to he, or actually buiug, insensible to the indignation, he adhered to the Treasury bench with all that "feline tenacity" with which Whittle Harvey stigmatized the Whiggery of five-and-twenty years ago. But (he mousers nosed a cat whom it was tssential to go to the dogs, and to the dogs they drove him. Most hydrophobiao bowlings on bis part. All the Eubordina'ee—the Lowes, Fifzroys, and so forth —signed a round robin, presented by a 200d naturcd friend, Bouverie, son of Lord Radnor,calling on him ta go,for with, him they wouldn't stay. Accordingly, he had to go, and went with the worst grace possiole, rmbliely telliag tboss who expelled him that th?y only deserved his silent contempt. This intimation they received with a grin of derision, which wai echoed by a graff of hilariousuesB from the Oppositiin, who rejnioed at this avengementofthe trick played off npon poor 1'eeliteB; albsit thisse two, together with Aberdeen, were of all tho coalitioD specially obnoxious to the DerbyiteB, Disraeli's journal singling them out for perpetual attack, so much so that the Premier himself mentioned the matter in the Lords, attributing the authorship to Benjamin point-blank. 