COUNTRY NEWS. QUEANBEYAN. (From our own Correspondent.) The ceremony of laying the corner stone of a new church at Queanbeyan was performed on Thursday, the 25th instant. At about twelve o'clock about two hundred persons assembled in the vicinity of the church, and shortly after repaired to the school house, forming in pro cession, and headed by W. F. Hayley, Esq., J.P., C. E. Newcombe, Esq., P.M., and A. Cunningham, Esq, J.P. Then followed the children belonging to the school and the inhabitants of the town, with a sprinkling from the district. The procession then walked to the church ground. The Rev. A. D. Soares met them at the church gate and, on arriving at the foundation, commenced the religious ceremony with a short and solemn address He then read a part of the 127th Psalm, the 87th Psalm, and part of the 29th chapter of the first book of Chronicles. With a few introductory remarks relative to the cus tom of laying the foundations of sacred edifices, with manifestations of holy joy in the present as in for mer ages, and dwelling upon the great cause they had to be thankful that the Lord had so far pros pered the works of our hands upon us, Mr. Soares then presented C. E. Newcombe, Esq., P.M., with a bottle to be deposited in the foundation, containing the last numbers of the Church of England Chronicle, the Goulburn Herald, the Goulburn Chronicle, and the Sydney Morning Herald, with. the last monthly summary for England,. and a parchment with the following inscription:— The foundtion stone of this church was laid by William Foxton Hayley, Esq., on 25th August, 1859. Governor of the colony—Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, &c.; Bishop of the Diocese—Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., &c.; Incumbent of Christ Church, Queanbeyan—Rev. A. D. Soares. Trustees of church ... ... { N. R. Powell, Esq., J.P. { W. F. Hayley, Esq., J.P. { W. F. Hayley, Esq., Churchwardens ... ... { Mr. W. O'Neill, { Mr. R. Mehigan. The bottle being deposited in the place prepared for it, Mr. Soares expressed a hope that it might remain there undisturbed until the Most High God should no longer be worshipped in temples made with hands, but the church militant should be incor porated with the church, triumphant, and the one place of worship should be around throse in heaven. Mr. Newcombe followed with a short and impres sive address to a similar effect. Dr. Hayley then proceeded to lay the stone. The mortar being spread and the stone lowered into its place, and the mallet having done its work. Dr. Hayley prefaced an excellent address, well suited to the occasion, with the words, "I lay this stone as the corner stone of an edifice to be called Christ Church, and to be set apart for the worship of God, according to the rites and ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." In the course of his remarks he particularly touched on the necessity of a larger amount of accommoda tion, and felicitated the members of the church of England on the prospect they had of shortly having a building adapted to their wants. The whole assembly then joined in singing the old hundredth psalm, to the words "All people that on earth do dwell." The united voices of the school children lent almost pleasing effect to this part of the service, which was terminated by the Rev. A. D Soares repeating certain appropriate collects, the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed, all joining. The doxology was then sung, and the benediction finally pronounced. The assembly then repaired to a booth erected outside of the church ground, which was most taste fully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and sat down to partake of a most excellent lunch, the eatables being of more than ordinary excellence, and gratui tously provided by Mesdames Faunce, Soares, New combe, W. O'Neil, W. Hunt, Duff, and Bradbury, grace having been previously sung by the company. Immediately afterwards the'Rev. A. D. Soares ad dressed the meeting, and urged, in strong terms, the duty incumbent on the members of the Chrch of England to assist liberally to complete the erection of the new church, only a portion of it as yet having been contracted for. Dr. Hayley, after making some observations in support of what had fallen from Mr. Soares, said that, besides the honourable office in which le had boen that day, engaged, he had also another pleasing duty to perform, and that was to present their deservedly respected minister with the sum of sixty guineas, as a collection from the district of Queanbeyan, to compensate him for the loss sus tained by the recent vote of the assembly. Mr. W. O'Neill, one of the churchwardens, then, in a very appropriate speech, urged the meeting to evince their sympathy for the cause of the church on the present occasion, and requested those who had not yet paid their promised contributions, and those who had not contributed at all, to do so, and that liberally. The plate was handed round, and those who had come unprepared put down their names as sub scribers, for various amounts, from five pounds to five shillings. Upwards of forty pounds was taken at the table. The proceedings of the whole day were among the most pleasing that I have ever witnessed in Quean beyan. The building committee met the same afternoon, and a resolution was.unanimously adopted to carry on the erection of the whole building, instead of the transept, chancel, and vestry, which is all the work that has been agreed to he performed in the present contract. Tho buildings now in course of erection will, no doubt, cause a stir in Queanbeyan during the ensuing summer, which is much required. Hitherto every thing has been very dull. There seems a great diffi culty in obtaining stonemasons; and if a few com petent workmen were to come this way, there is little doubt of their readily finding employment. Queanbeyan, August 27, 1859. 