CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF BRISBANE. DEAN RIGNEY has the honor of presenting to the Editor of the Moreton Bay Courier a report just received of the Consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, at the Catholic University, Dublin, on the 29th of June last. The publication of the report in extenso in the Courier of next Saturday will much oblige Mr. Rigney, and will be read with plea- sure, he believes, by a large proportion of the readers of the Courier in the interior of Queensland. Brisbane, 21st Sept, 1859. Wednesday the August ceremonial of con- ferring episcopal power and dignity upon a reverned doctor of the Catholic Church was witnessed by a crowded congregation of the gentry of Dublin and its vicinity. The occasion was one of more than ordinary interest—the prelate elect being the Very Rev. Dr. James Quin, whose name and deserved repute for exalted piety, Christian charity, devoted zeal, and transcendant acquirements have been for years past "familiar as household words," not only on the lips but also in the hearts of the Catholic public. This rarely gifted Irish- man and holy priest was, by yesterday's solemn rite, consecrated bishop and vicar- apostolic of the vast diocean district of Brisbane, in Australia. Thus it is that the Catholic people, ever true, ever faithful, and obedient to the mandates of holy church, are called upon often and often to offer up all that they hold most dear for the advancement of religion and the propagation of the faith. Thus it is, that on yesterday amongst the crowd of friends and admirers who witnessed the solemn rite of the episcopal consecration —many of those whose faces wore the smile of Christian enthusiasm and pious hope in contemplating the coming triumphs of the prelate missionary in the new land of his adoption—felt their hearts pained and their sighs rising unbidden on seeing placed in the grasp of their revered and beloved friend the episcopal crozier, which in his hands was to become the sustaining staff of the intrepid missionary as well as the emblem of his sacred authority, and on beholding the mitre placed upon his head and the signet ring upon his finger—the one to be his helmet in the battle which he has to fight for the faith, and the other the token of the pledge which binds him to the glorious mission he has undertaken, of spreading the religion of the cross throughout the remote regions of the new world.—The hour of eleven o'clock had been named for the commencement of the ceremonial, but long previous to that time the beautiful church of the Catholic University, wherein the consecration took place, was densely thronged in every part accessible to the laity with a congregation comprising a large section of the influential Catholic gentry resident in Dublin, and also several distinguished visitors from distant localities, all evidently anxious to witness the assumption of the sacred mitre and pastoral crozier by this devoted servant of God, whose virtues, more than his transcen- dant mental gifts, have rendered him illus- trions, and who now is going forth, as the disciples did of old, to preach in a distant clime the gospel of his Divine Master, to carry the standard of the cross into the depths of the Australian wilderness, and to make the name of the most high to be adored and glorified from end to end of the earth, so that as the sun sets in one hemisphere and rises in another—as the vesper hymn of thanksgiving ceases in the one the morning song of praise shall commence in the other, and that "from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof, the holy and unspotted sacrifice shall be unceasingly offered up to the Eternal Father for the sins of the world." At half-past ten o'clock the Most Reverend Doctor Dixon, Primate of all Ireland, who officiated as consecrating prelate, with the Right Reverend Doctor Gould, Lord Bishop of Melbourne, and the Right Reverend Doctor Whelan, Lord Bishop of Bombay, who acted as assistant bishops, assembled in the library of the College, in Stephen's green, adjoining the church. The other prelates present were - the Right Rev. Doctor Moriarty, Lord Bishop of Kerry, and the Right Rev. Doctor Kilduff, Lord Bishop of Ardagh. Here they met the Bishop Elect as yet the Rev. Doctor James Quinn - who was accompanied by a number of eminent dignitaries of the Dublin archdiocese, also by the Very Rev. Doctor Gartland, Vice-Rector of the Catholic University ; the Very Rev. Doctor Russell, President of tho College of Maynooth ; the Very Rev. Doctor Woodlock, President of All Hallows College, and several other clergymen. The consecrating prelate, the assistant bishops, and other prelates, having assumed their robes, the assistant priests and deacons of the high mass were vested, and the numerous body of canons and other clergy who had been invited to attend the ceremonial also assembled, wearing soutanes and surplices. The consecrating Archbishop and the other prelates then set forth in procession, preceded by the sacredotal diguitaries, headed by crucifer, bearing the processional cross, attended by acolytes, issued from the college building by the rere entrance, and making the circuit of the church extra muros, arrived at the spacious vestibule adjacent to the principal portal of the church. Here were assembled the Very Rev. the Vice-Rector, the Very Rev. Doctor Anderdon, the Rev. Doctor Doyle, the Rev. Doctor Dunne, and the entire body of pro- fessors of the various faculties of the Catholic University, including the Very Rev. Dean O'Laughlin, of St. Patrick's ; Doctor Lyons, Doctor Ellis, Surgeon Hayden, Professor Wm. Sullivan, Ph D ; Doctor McSweeny, Professors O'Reilly, Curry, Marani, Ornsby, Stewart, Robertson, Arnold, the Abbe Schurr, and several other gentlemen connected with the University whose names we did not learn. The gentlemen students of the University were present in crowded array, all, as well as the professors, wearing their full academic costume. The procession of prelates and dignitaries was received by the representa- tive of the University with the accustomed respectful formalities, after which the pre- cession entered the church, passing up through the centre nave to the sanctuary, when the consecrating prolate was conducted to his throne, and the other bishops took the sedilia prepared for them ; the stalls for the very Reverend deans and canons, &c;, were placed in the lower choir fronting the high altar, and within the sanctuary, according to the site on such occasions, a side altar was erected, before which the prelate elect knelt in devotion. The scene presented in the interior of the church at this period wab grand and impressive indeed. Yesterday being, besides, the solemn Feast of the Apostles Peterand Paul, the vestments worn at the High Mass by the Lord Primate and deacons wore of crimson (the canonical colour of the feasts of martyrs). The vest- ments were of crimson cloth of gold, the chasuble of the consecrating arch-prelate being magnificently overlaid with gold embroidery. The decorations of the high altar were in the purest taste, whilst the quaint mediaeval aspect of tho altar and sanctuary-the devout precision and exact- ness characterising every detail of the service of the altar and the surprising solemuity of the proceedings generally-gave to the sccno that peculiarly grand and impressive character, reminding oncirressistibly of some of those gorgeous pictures by the oki Italian masters pourtraying the ceremonies of the Catholic church. His Grace the Lord Primate, as consecrating prelate, was, of course, celebrant of the High Mass. Iii s Grace was assisted by the Rev. Dr. M'Quin as deacon, and the Rev. Dr. P. Doyle as sub-deacon, and by the Rev. Mr. Ilanratty, of Drogheda, as assistant priest. The pre- lates assistant, robed iu cope and mitre, were the Lord Bishop of Bombay and the Lord bishop of Melbourne. The priests assistant, to those prelates were the Reverend Doctor Doyle and the Rev. Doctor Dunne, both of the Catholic University. The Rev. Dr. Anderdon, robed in plain surplice and soutane, ministered in the sauctuary as director of the arrangements. The Rev. Dr. Murray, secretary to his Grace Dr. Cullen, officiated as Master of Ceremonies. The Very Rev. Doctor Quinn, of A thy, held in charge the rescript of his Holiness Pius IX., authorising and enjoining the consecration of the prelate elect. Amongst the dignitaries and clergy present were The Very Rev Dean Meyler, the Very Rov. Dr. O'Connoll.'tho Very Ilev. Dr. Woodlock, President of All-Hallows College; the Very Rev. Dr. Rus- sell, Piesident of Maynooth Colíego; tho Very Rev. Dr. Gurthtml, Vice Rector of the Catho1 io Univoisily ; the Very Rov. Union Pope, Adminis- trator, Cathedral parish ; tho Very Rev. Guion M'Ciibo, P I', St. Nicholas; the Vonorable Arch- deacon M'Encfoc, Sydney, Australia ; the Rev. Dr. Quinn, Clonliflo Seminary ; the Rev. Dr. O'Longhlin, the Rev. Mr. Byrne, P P, Colbriilgo ; tho Rev. Dr. Giant, Wicklow ; tho Rev. V M'Gnuley, tho Rev. Mr. Fagan, Bl.ioluook ; the Rev. Mr' M'Manus, St. Nicholas's; the Rev. Mr. Bo'irdwood, the Rov Mr.,MullaI)v. tim Rev. Mr, O'Mtthonv, South Parish, Cork, tho Rov. Air. Mnrpi..,., »i.» Hw. Mr. Puioull, Cathedral parish ; ths Rov. Mr. Daniel, St. Catherine's ; the Rev. Mr O'JFnrrell, the Rov. Mr. Reilly, &o.;, &, Thero were numerous other clergymen present, whose names we could not ascertain. The readers of the Freman's Journal have so frequently read detailed descriptions of the solemn rite of episcopal consecration, given at length in our columns, that we deem it unccessary to go into a lengthened discription of yesterday's ceremonial.' We shall merely observo that the august solemuity was con- ducted with all the pious exactitude and devout fulfilment of ritual splendour which so grand and important an occasion de- manded. The demeanour of tho chosen servant of God, who was about being raised to the episcopal dignity was most edifying on this trying occasion. Whether avowing with firm voice his profession of that faith, for which he was prepared to sacrifice his life, if necessary-whether prostrate on tho steps of tho alt.tr he heard the awful invocation for lum of holy spirit-or whether crowned with tho mitre, or armed with tho pastoral crozier, he passed tli rough the congregation, bestowing his first episcopal blossing, he appearod ealing collected yet humble, having his mind, as it were, abstracted and fixed with holy awe on the contemplation of tho majesty of that God in whoso services ho was about undertaking a trust so arduous, involving tho eternal salvation of thousands of whoso souls an ac- count he knew would bo demanded of him , on that day when tho long suffering Saviour Í would como in glory and majesty to judge I the living and the dead. Nothing could be ; ' moro boautifully in keeping with the solemn j - nature of Iho ceremonies tlmu the sacred musio of of the high mass and tia« appropriât« can. ' ho of to ' tides which were sung on the occasion. The cho-'r was composed of clergymen of this city and gentlemen students of the Catholic Uni- versity, whose Voices included delicious tenor, powerful basso, and rich baritone voicesj with an exceedingly sweet treble choir. The vocal corps was conducted by Professor C. B. Lyons, whosecontributionsto Catholic church uiusic are deservedly admired and appreci- ated. The music on this occasion comprised Casciolini's grand high mass, the several pieces in which were most tastefully perfor- med, the church organ, at which Mr. M'Dermott presided, giving only a light and judicious accompaniment. The grand Te Deum of Signor Ilari was splendidly sung to- wards the close of the ceremony by the full power of the choir.-The solemn Litany of y, ' Saints was chaunted by the organ choir and in j the choir of priests below. Immediately n, after the first gospel of the high, mass the es J Right Reverend Doctor Moriarty, Lord : Bishop of Kerry, having first knelt to receive the blessing of the Lord Primate, took his place at the marble rail in front of the sanc- tuary, fully in the view of the vast congrega- tion, and, after invoking the holy name with due reverence, proceeded to deliver a discourse suitable to tho solemn and important occasion on which they had assembled that day. His lordship commenced by reminding them that they were met there in that holy temple to witness the most solemn and interesting ceremonial of the Christian ritual, that of conferring upon a man mortal like themselves the power in all its fulness of the priesthood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Habituated as they liad boen from infancy to believe in the existence of a priesthood, they looked upon it as one of the ordinary ^rorks of God and one of tho oommon and usual arrangements of His power and wisdom, and they paused' not to contemplate the mighty mystery therein involved. Yet, what was moro wonderful in all the ways of God than that man should come between man and his Creator as regarded the invocation cf His divine mere}' or the drawing down of His heavonly graces. Was not God the common Father of all-making His light to shineupon all ? Had He not lighted up in every human heart the lamp of reason ? Does He not speak to our hearts with a thousand voices through- out the works of his beautiful creation ? Can He not mould the human heart as he wills ? Can He not touch any chord in that heart, and draw from it what response he please ? In short, cannot the Creator save us himself without any other intervention ? The answer to this was, truly yes-the power of the Lord is infinite, but it was His almighty will that man should minister unto man. Even in the great work of sal- vation He w ills that we should depend upon each other, so that we may not only love tie giver of grace, glory, and happiness, but that also we may love the medium through which those blessings are obtained, God had ordained that men should be appointed to those tilings which are of God, and that through these men they might obtain salva- tion. The right reverend pieacher adverted to the ordinances of the priesthood under the Mosaic law. He showed how the Lord had given specific directions even as to the minu- test details of his holy service-how he had named Aaron and his son, and subsequently had set apart the members of one particular tribo to be ministers of his worship, so that when others sacrilegiously dared to lay hands upon the censer, the earth had opened for their destruction. His lordship then pro- ceeded to speak of the new dispensation of our blessed Redeemer, of which the rites of the old law were only types and figures, ne spoke of the sacred mission of the chosen disciples-of their inspiration by tho Holy Ghost, and of the solemn charge and com- mission given to St. Peter by the S aviour of the world. That day whereon they had come to witness this sacred rite was doubly propitious-it was the clay when the church commemorated tho martyrdom of the illus- trious Apostles St. Peter and St. Paul. The chosen one that day consecrated a prelate would, like those great apostles, go forth preaching the gospel to the end of the earth, lie would go forth a witness to the resurrec- tion of Christ and a herald of salvation to many. Oh, the immeasurable love of God for his creatuics was never more fully ex- emplified than in the paternal caro which the Saviour had evinced in providing a con- stant serios of successors to those to whom the commission had been first given-" Go teach all nations ; whatsoever you shall ask of the Father in my name it shall bo given lo you." Yes this prelate should go forth armed with the means of obtaining graces and blessings with which our Lord Jesus Christ had so richly endowed nis church. Ho would act as the ambassador of God to man. " Whosoever," said Christ, " receiveth yon receiveth me. Whosoever despiseth you despiseth me, and he who despiseth mc despiseth Him who sent mc." The Right Rev. preacher dwelt on the many sources of Christian joy which appertained to this holy occasion. They were carrying out the behests of God, in whoso holy word and sacred promise they trusted, a promise given to. the chief of the Apostles, who ap- pointed a new disciplo in the room of the apostate Judas. AVhat St. Petor thus did his successors have continued to do, and would continue to do until this world should be no more. The right roverened preacher -of whoso beautiful discourse we regret being enabled lo give but a feeble outline after dwelling on the sacred character and deep importance of tho mission of the new prelate, spoke in terms of glowing eulogy of Doctor Quinn's services to education and religion in this country, and of his piety, amiability, and charity, which had won for him a host of ardent friends, who wept athis coming department, whilst they rejoiced in his deserved elevation to the high and holy disnity of tho íwlnoy. After expressing a rcrvent and eloquent prayer lor tho nuspiciom journey and prosperous mission of tho newly consecrated bishop, the right reverend preach- er concluded his discourse, which was heard with deep attention and manifest delight by all present in the vast congregation. After the sermon the high mass and the other phases of the pontifical rite wero resumed, and when they had concluded the newly con- secrated prelate, the Right Rev. Doctor Quinn Bishop of Brisbane, walked in procession through the nave and aisles of the church, accompanied by tho assistant bishops, and attended by the assistant priests, bestow- ing his first episcopal benediction on the congregation, who knelt to receive it as he passed. Ile returned then to the altar, where the ceremony of tho enthronement took place. The " To Deum was sung in splendid stylo by tho organ choir, and finally, his lordship assuming his jewelled mitre and pastoral crozier, pronounced his solemn bles- sing on the people. The ceremonial then concluded, and tho Lord Primate, the newly consecrated bishop, and the other prelates left the sanctuary, preceded by the digni- taries and priests in procession. The vast congregation thon gradually separated. After the ceremony the prelates, clergy, and a number of the laity partook of a cíe. jeûner, which was prepared for thom in one of the lecture rooms of the University. The Very Rev. Dr. Garlland, vico director of tho Catholic University, occupied the chair. When the repast had concluded, Tho Vory Rev. Chairman rose aud said -It becomes my duty, in tho absenco of our esteemed Rector to express how w» feel that a rery grsat honour eve swt ma and bril hea The she flan clev to v you, the t'ot gooc has been conferred on the university, by the presence at this great rite of tho church, which took place to-day, of the Bishops consecrating, preaching, and assist- ant, and of so many clergymen of distinction in the country. "We feel, ac I have said, that a great honor has been conferred on the uni- versity, and we venture to hope that some of that fostering encouragement we so much require may, perhaps, date its commence- ment from this day (hear). At this hour I do not wish to enter into so large a question , as that ; it is enough for me to simply return nd ' thanks, and to say that such men as .f° ' the professors of this university are able to *°- ¡ appreciate fully the high honour conferred uR on the institution (hear, hear). I shall °f merely ask permission to propose better nd | health to our absent patron, the Archbishop dy of Dublin, and long life and many happy years to the Bishop of Brisbane, to the Most Rev. Dr. Dixon, the Archbishop consecrat- ing, and to the other prelates (hear, hear). The toast having been duly honoured, the company separated. th ii? The Supposed Murder at Ramsgate. By the exertions of the police sufficient light has been thrown upon this sad occurrence to lead to the belief that it is a case not of murder but of deliberate suicide. It will be seen, from what follows, that the object of the deceased was to conceal his identity, and this would explain almost all the mysterious circumstances connected with the case. The following are among tho circumstances which point most directly to suicide. The spot where the body was found was 25 feet from the cliff, and the tide had risen some feet above it, high enough to have washed the body to the place where i t lay. About 80 yards lower down the beach, in nearly a direct line, cuts were found in one of the chalk rocks exactly corresponding with the blade of the hatchet found close by. This rock would be covered as soon as the water rose above half flood. Now half flood on Monday morning was about half-past one o'clock, and the death consequently took place between a quarter past eight and half past one. The rock is as high as a chair, so that a mar. might easily have knelt beside it, placed his lingers upon it, and chopped them off. The hatchet, fingers, boots, and umbrella (the articles most likely to sink) were found near this latter spot, while tho clothes were fouud among the seaweed near the body. Our reporter was informed by ex- perienced boatmen who accompanied him to the spot, that if the deceased had then chop- ped off his fingers at the rock alluded to, and had then stabbed himself to the heart and fallen instantly dead, his body would have been washed by the regular set of tho rising tide right in shore, and a little to the northward, or exactly to the place where, in point of fact, the body was found. The knife, which has been searched for without success, would probably have been knocked out of the wound by the body washing against the low rocks, and if the knife had a wooden handle, as many sailors' knives have, it might have floated and been carried out to sea. The medical evidence was that the skin was fray- ed, which would have resulted from the body washing up the beach. Why, it may be asked, did the deceased chop off his Aug- ers? The answer is, for the same reason that he had previously bandaged them, viz., to conceal his identity. One joint of the first finger and two joints of the second have been amputated some years ago, and were perfectly healed. By this mark the de- ceased would be recognised, and therefore ho determined to take all his fingers off. There was no sign of disease or other injury upon his hand to require a bandage. The absence of his watch and ring is now easily accounted for. Both being of peculiar ap- pearance, and likely to lead to his identifica- tion, he would destroy them. If there was a name written inside his boots, to cut off tho tops would effectuai^ got rid of it. Tho wristbands of the shirts were torn off, and the marks picked out with a similar object. The unfortunate man, however, forgot a scrap of paper which was found near the body in the storehouse, and which there is no reason to doubt belonged to the deceased. It contained these words, written in pencil, in indifferent German :-" Dear Mother, here are five dol- lars-little, but from a good heart. Henry Mattcrigh." The fact that the deceased's money was gone has led many persons to believe that a murder had boen committed. Now, when the body was fouud the tide was two hours' ebb, and long before that time country carts may have gone down to tho beach, as is frequently the case, for gravel, or persons may have been, as one was known to be, looking for shells. It is not impro- bable that the deceased was robbed after death. The pockets of his coat were turned insido out, and two front pockets in his angola shirt wero ripped open. We may add that it is very doubtful whether the de- ceased had so much money as has been re- presented. The few words addressed to his mother led to the belief that ho was poor. His clothes were scanty, much worn, and of the coarsest description. He never paid in gold, always in silver, and his watch was silver, and not gold, as has been stated. Had tho unfortunate man been murdered, there are three ways by which the body must have been carried to the beach, viz., past the harbour, where the police arc stationed all night, down Agosta stairs, where a coast- guard is stationed, or by Dumpton stairs, where there is another guard. To suppose that tho man was murdered on the beach is contrary to all the evidence ; to sup- pose that he was carried down past the guard is nearly incredible ; or indeed that it should have been attempted, when the body might so much more easily have been dropped over tho cliff. Tho facts point, we think, clearly to tho conclusion that the deceased returned from America a disappointed man, reduced iu mr-aris, and that this circumstance, affecting a brain previously weakened by disease, led him to determine on suicide. At first, intending tosend his mother some little money, he changed his mind, and cn , j deavorcd by the means we have described to do away with all trace of his identity, and thus lead his family to the belief that he had perished at sea or in a foreign land. Melancholy as such a solution of the mystery is, it is some satisfaction to know that what at first appeared an atrocious murder can be thus explained. No circum- stance that has happened for many yeais has created so deep a sensation in East Kent as this shocking affair. Tho above explanation is unanimously as- sented to by Superintendent Li viele, of tho Ramsgate police; Superintendent Pritchard, of the harbour polico; and Supintendent Stocks, K.C.C., who havo conducted their inquiries with great energy and ability,-Daily Neios. Too Many Irons in the Fire.-When- ever you see a gal with a whole lot of sweethearts, it's an oven chance if she gets married to any on 'em. Ono . cools off and another cools off, and before sho bring an on 'em to tho right weldin' heat, tho coal is gone and the fife is out. Then she may blow and blow till she's tired ; she may blow up a dust, but the deuce of a flame can she blow up again. I novor see a clever looking gal in clanger off hat but I long to whisper in lier ear ; You dear little critter, you, take caro, you havo too many irons in . the fire, some on 'em will get stone cold, and t' other ones will get burnt so, they'll be no goodin natur.-- Sa«» SUeh 