JOHN BAPTIST FRANCIS, By the .Grace op God, and the Favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop j Apostolic, Administrator of.the Diocesh .of. Auckland. | To the Clergy and Faithful of the Diocese, Greeting and Benediction. PASTORAL LETTEn, ON THE DIOCESAN ADMINISTRATION. AtUndite vobis, et universo gregi, in quo vos Spiritus S 'nctus posuit. Episcopos regere Ecclesiam Dei quam acquisivit sanguine suo. Take heed to yourselves, and to the whole flock, ?wherein the Holy Ghost has placed you Bishops, to rule the Church, which He hath purchased with His own Blood. — Acts 20—28. Dearly Beloved, — It is a great consolation, and a ground of heavenly hope for every reasonable and Christian mind, to know, from the doctrine of faith, that the Holy Ghost abides in the Church for ever {St. John, 4— 16), endowing her thereby in ler universality with an infallible teaching and ministry, and her principal Pastors in their individu ality with abundant graces to rule their respective flocks. Spiritus Sanclus posuit Episcopos regere Ecclesiam Dei. Although such abundant graces may not afford the gift of infallibility to the Prelates of the Church considered in their individuality, still it is divinely true that thoy aro appointed by the Holy Ghost to rule the.flo.cks of the. Good Shepherd, 'who says, by his Apostle, to all Christians, to obey their Prelates as Himself; and it is likewise ttue to say, that such charge not having been given to the flock, no mem bers of it, either amongst the Clergy or the Laity, have the obligation to have the same graces of di rection and administration, Episcopacy having been divinely established to fulfil such important duties of eternal salvation. Spiritus Sanctus posuit Epis vopos regere Ecclesiam Dei. When we oonsider, dearly beloved, the weightiness of our divine obligations, we claim the assistance of your prayers, with the intercession of the Saints and of Mary the Queen of- Saints, uniting with the Church at the foot of the Cross, to obtain the graces of redemption and sanctification, without which graces we can do nothing, either to save our souls, er build any edifice of virtue for God, nor to keep the city of His peoj.le. '. But, if our human weakness may consider with reasonable apprehensions the weight of the Pastoral charge, our hopes are relieved by the assistance of the Communion of Saints in the Church, by the help of Christ, promised to the first Pastors for all days up to the consummation of the world, and by the great graces of the Holy Ghost abiding with them for ever. Spiritus Sanctus posuit Episcopos regere Ecclesiam Dei. Now, with such hopes and graces, ws write to you, dearly beloved, to show, not only how in this diocese you may sanctify your souls, hut also how you can discharge your duty to co-operate in the labours of.the Church, and to maintain and promote the great work of sanctification. In order to meet the wants of the numerous souls in the two races of Natives and Europeans, who all compose an extensive flock dispersed in our vast diocese, whieh is under the immediate apostolic di ? re'etion-of the Holy See, we, after having prayed to our Divine Lord the Good Shepherd in Heaven, and consulted the Reverend Members of our Diocesan Council, have, for the actual circumstances, di vided our diocese into various Districts, and the Members of the Clergy likewise into various corre lative parts. This order shall exist till the A pos iolic.il authority at Rome, or its delegation in our Episcopal See, shall be enabled to have a Clergy sufficiently numerous to divide the diocese into many Parishes equally provided with Churches and Pastors. Before that future tiino our Reverend and beloved Clergy will exercise, as Apostolic Missionaries, their holy Ministry of salvation in the districts where they are respectively delegated. One of them in each ? district is appointed as special Vicar by us, called Vicar foraneus in the discipline of the Church, or, in English, District Vicar. Such dignitaries are delegated to superintend the observation of the regulations and ordinances of our episcopal authority and apostolic administration ; to represent us, and govern in our name the clergy and the faithful of our flock in their respective districts; where therefore all the priests and faithful will obey them as ourselves, for the things of salvation, ac cording to our own direction. We also appoint the district vicars, with the priests of their districts, to open, under our approbation, lubscriptions, to raise collections, receive donations, entering them diligently into books duly approved by us, in order to meet the temporal wants of the diocese in goneral, and specially in their districts, for the clergy, churches, and schools, and other re ligious and Catholic institutions. The District Vioars may also, when it is expedient, and according to our Diocesan regulations, establish Committees of the Faithful, to help the Ecclesiasti cal either as Catechists or Collectors of the sub scriptions, or as co-Guardians of Churohes and echools, properties or goods, of their respective dis tricts. Such are, dearly beloved, some Pastoral measures which we adopt in the present oiroumstances, in this remote diocese of New Zealand, yet young for the labours of salvation and civilization. Have hopes that such a new diocese, which is opened without any spiritual monopoly to the labours of tho Holy Catholic Church by Apostolical Minis try, will not remain very long as it is, in its admi nistration, with few spiritual labourers. Let us pray to the Divine Master of the harvest, that He pre pare by hisjjraee in Heaven, and send by his pasto ral authority in the Church, many spiritual labourers into his field in this Diocese, which he has deigned with our own weak hands to creot as an edifice of salvation, for the races of the aborigines at first, and afterwards for the cities of emigrants of this colony. Wo rejoice in God for the vast cultivation that has been done ; for the fruits of faith and Christian . virtues that have been already gathered ; and for tho great hopes of an increasing spiritual harvest of sanctified souls. Wo rejoice also to ace Seminarists being educated for the priesthood, not only in semi naries abroad, but in our own colleges of the diocese at Auckland. These salutary nurseries of Lovites will, by the grace of God, increase the number of pastors ; multiply their residences in the diocese ; diminish the tiresomeness of their long journies, and the hardships of their indefutigable exertions. Very often it is thnt things iu tho works of grace, »s well as in the works of nature, grow by degrees. In tho designs of God some spiritual labourers are called to olear the ground and to plough; some others to sow, to water, and to wued ; and some to gather tho harvest to the Heavenly Father, who alone gives tho increase, and rewards the labourers Jor nothing else but for having accomplished His will, and because their names have been thereby mitten in the Book of Life. We entreat you^learly beloved, to unite with the Church, with ourselves, in one body and bouI, to «b-operate iu our labours of salvation by your prayers, good works, and the practice of the real Christian life. Do not think that, although you cannot sea very frequently your clergy, your sanctification ? is impossible or very difficult. It is true to say, that to be deprived for several months of the saored ministry of the priests is a loss— yes, it is a loss ; but it is not a loss irreparable. Our faith as well as our reason teaches us that God, who in his ustice punishes bad wishes, which cannot be accom plished from want of their object, rewards also the good wishes for receiving the spiritual benefits of the Sacred Ministry when there is no possibility to have it j yes, God may reward them with graces, sometimes far from being less abundant than the graces which he gives to those who have the great advantage of receiving the Sacraments themselves. Now to give more and more the understanding of such doctrine, we translate here from Our elemen tary works for the New Zealanders, the following passage entitled, in their prayer book, in this manner, ' Method for the faithful to practise Christian life during the absence of a priest.' ' 1 st. Let the Christian believe perseveringly the Holy Catholic Church. Therefore let his thoughts in matters of faith be always in union with the Church, preserving a correct memory of her doctrine, wish ing to receive more and more her teaching, and recognising her as the solid and sure guide of the thoughts of Christians on the doctrine of faith. ' 2nd. Let the faithful remain in the Communion of Saint', uniting, in the state' of grace, in prayers and good works, with all the members of the Church. ' Therefore let the faithful avoid falling into mortal sin, by which they lose sanctifying grace and Christian life. Let every one be vigilant over himself, and pray regularly morning and evening ; remaining always in a holy union with all the faithful of the Church, to serve God and love Him really with the neighbour. ' But if it should unfortunately occur that some of faithful should fall into mortal sin, let him repent, wishing sintferely to receive the Sacrament of Penance ; conceiving a true sorrow in his heart in the presence of Jesus Christ dying on the Cross ; let him say then an act of contrition, to obtain thereby the forgiveness of his sins; and when he shall receive the pastoral visit of a priest canonically sent by the diocesan bishop, let him confess to him the sins which he liad not the opportunity before to accuse himself of, and let him thereby receive the great benefit of the Sacrament of Penance.' Horn ends this imnortant method for the obser vance of Christian life. This, dearly beloved, is the method for souls of good will, to whom God is pleased to give the abundant graces of his peace. Peace to men of good will, says he. This is indeed the method by which thousands and thousands of souls have led a Chris tian life of great virtue and merit, in many foreign Missions of America, China, Africa, and Oceanica ; it is the method also by which we see with a special consolation that a great many native New Zealanders are sanctified, and join, after holy lives and deaths, the innumerable multitudes of Saints in Heaven, who are from all nations, tribes, people, and tongues, and stand before the throne of the Lamb. Imitate, then, dear beloved, what you admire. In the absence of the Sacred Ministry of the Church, be souls of Faith, believing always the holy Catho lic Church ; be souls of charity, living in the state of grace and in union of prayers and good works with all the Church, called the Society of Saints, the Communion of Saints. In such a spirit, dearly beloved, we earnestly ex hort you to, accomplish the advices of our Divine Saviour himself, exhorting the people at large, not indeed to indulge critics, murmurs, on account of the spiritual wants of the Sacred Ministry, but to pray to the Master of the harvest, to generate by his heavenly grace Teal pastoral vocations in many members of his Church, and to send them to his field in this dear portion . of his Catholic flock on earth. Yes, dearly beloved, let us pray with faith, let us pray with fervour to obtain such favours by the in tercession the Saints, by the intercession of Mary the Queen of all Saints, the holy Mother of God conceived without sin, and the spiritual Mother of all the souls baptized in the name of her Divine Son. Let us pray with perseverance to obtain for these remote regions Ministers of God, ' mighty in words »nd deeds ;' Ministers of God, Pastors always ready to give their lives like the Good Shepherd for the sake of the souls purchased with the divine Blood of Redemption ; Ministers of God, not of men, nor of any creature, but Ministers of Jesus Christ, seeking for the things of Jesus Christ ; Ministers of God in accomplishing his functions on the holy Altar, in the Evangelical chair, in the ad ministration of Sacraments. O heavenly Ministry of the Ministers of God, most sacred Ministry placed with the Ministers themselves in the hands of the Bishops of the Church, who offer it with them as a sacrifice of good odour on the most holy altar of obedience, of the will of God, of the Holy Ghost the author of sanctification ; a most salutary ?acrifice of religion and charity, which, like the sa crifice of the Mass, is a holy work of the Bishop offering, of the Clergy ministering, and of the faith ful co- operating and uniting. Tho true motives of your divine obligation, dearly beloved, to support your clergy, in their individuality' and in their Hierarchy with the Bishop their head, are in one word their holy Ministry, their canonicity, and their union with their Bishop, to be with your selves united to him as Jesus Christ-is united with -the Almighty Father. Ah 1 dearly beloved, for the sake of your souls, for the love of Jesus Christ, who has redeemed them, for the love of the Church who has made them Christian by Baptism, do co-operate efficaciously in the support of the holy Ministry with your canonical Pastors. Co-operate efficaciously also, under their direction united to ours, in the erection of Churches, of Schools, of Presbyteries, and of other buildings, either of education or of charity for the poor, the orphan, and the sick, and not less for the main tenance of the Bishopric itself, that is established oy me noiy -jiiosi, 10 give direction and heavenly food to all the mystical Body of Christ, to all His Flock, His lambs and His sheep in this Diocese, to the laity and clergy altogether, in the name of that Blessed Saviour, the Master of all Pastors and flocks, and the source of all Pastoral authority. All securities, canonical and civil, as registrations, and witnesses for your liberalities intrusted to us, in the officiality of our Archdeaconry, are an object of obligation for us specially, and for the Priests Mem bers of that office so important for Ecclesiastical Administration. Any other menns also of security that would meet the approbation of the Church, as a measure of prudence which we could know, would would not be neglected by us in this our new Diocese. Contemplate, dearly beloved, in tho youth of it, the Church in her infancy. Consider the union of her faithful at that time, having but one heart and one soul. They used to place at the feet of the Apostles, and in the hands of the Deacons^ the offerings of their charity, passing thus from their I civil rights to the sacred state of Ecclesiastical good j and properties of God, for his service and for that of . his Church. - ? Do not think, dearly beloved, that the donations ( of the faithful to the Ecclesiastical Administration - for Ecclesiastical, educational, and charitable pur ? poses, are mere donations of counsel, the accomplish- I ment of which would be a mere matter of praise, I and the omission of which would not be a sin. Nof ] no, it is not so, especially where there is no state i aid ; be not deluded, your free donations are a work | of charity and of precept, grounded upon the laws of nature, of God, and of the Church. The omission ? of this precept, or any opposition whatever placed to ] it, would be a triple sin, against charity, against i justice, and against religion ; alas 1 sins to which I the scourges of God and his anathemas are attached, 1 when principally obstinacy of neglect and of cor. i rupted nature would be the causes of them. ; Remember, then, that the labourer of Heaven '. who conveys the food of eternal life, is worthy ot a tribute for his existence during this short one. : ' They who serve the Altar, partake With the | Altar.' . . ; Remember also the tithes ordered by God himself ', for the support of the Tribe of I'evi, appointed for ; the service of his religious worship. The idea of tithes is a kind of principle to guide your Christian wisdom in your1' offerings and libe ralities. Remember even the chastisement of Ananias and Sapphira for having merely committed a sin of un truth and deception, in the matter of their free do nations at the feet of the Apostles. All illusions, indeed, are forbidden by God in the religious offerings. Illusions to neglect a local and respective Church, to send one's liberalities to other Churches. Illusions to Neglect your local and canonical Pastors, and to send your liberalities to those who are not your spiritual Superiors by juris diction. Illusions for persons of wealth not to give ac cording to their means, and sometimes in an inferior manner to the faithful of small fortune; illusions to neglect from mere feelings of nature ecclesiastical subscriptions, and to show great zeal to men, and perhaps vanity to God, who sees the secrets of the heart, for your civil and public subscriptions. Illusions and loss of merits and reward for those who would offer their tributes of donations, in a manner of liberality towards some, and of contempt towards others. Is the tribute indeed due to the canonical Pastors grounded merely on their virtues and perfection ? No, it is not so ; but it is grounded upon their canonicity and holy ministry for the flock. Could also the omission of the tribute be grounded upon some defects of theirs? No, the Church condemns such an omission, in the meantime that she disapproves of the defects that could be in a Clergyman as an individual. Alas! by incon siderate and contemptuous critics against their own Clergy, some could incur the anathemas of our Divine Saviour, saying to his canonical Ministers, they who despise you, despise myself. But hear again, dearly beloved, the voice of the Church, hear it in one of its distinguished fore fathers, St. Augustin. Before we cite his words, remark that what we call religion's donations is called tithe by that great Doctor. Now hear what he says, describing the blessing of God upon those who give them, and his chastisements on those who refuse them : — ' If you give tithes, says he, you shall not only receive an abundance of fruits, but also the health both of the body and ot the. soul. Oocl tlmn does not ask tithes for His benefit, but merely for the lionour due to him : for he who has deigned to give ill that we possess, deigns to allow us the honour to jive tithes, which he does not want for himself, but for the benefit of ourselves. But if it is a loss to jive, is it not more grievous to give nothing at all 1 When you give tithes you merit reward both terres trial and clerical ; why, from feelings of avarice or of corrupted nature, would you deprive yourselves of these two kinds of blessings ? Bat know well the custom of God in His most equitable justice ; if you refuse to give tithes for religious purposes, His Pro vidence will take them from you, for tho expenses incurred by some scourges either of hostilities or of scarcity. What you will not give to the Priest, you shall give it to some impious warrior, and what you refuse to Christ, you shall give it for taxes. Dahis impio viiliti, quod non vis dare Sacerdoti, et hoc tollit fiscus quod non accipit Christus.' Hence St. Augustin continues, citing the text of the Prophet Malachias, saying, ' Ye people and nations, you shall be maledicted by God with ad. varsities, because of your covetousness directed to myself in my holy Temple and Ministers. Et in penuria vos maledkti estis, et vie vos coiifigitis gens iota.' (ch.Z,v. 9i;. We have cited this passage of the Doctor St. many souls not well aware of this precept of faith, to make you remember that your charity has the obligation to meet, according to your means the indispensible expenses of the Archdeaconry ; expenses for the Ecclesiastical education of our young clergy in the seminaries, the nurseries of Heavenly vocations ; expenses for the passage at sea of Priests called to this diocese j expenses for the maintenance of those who already work and travel in this vast flock, and bear the fatigues of the labours of the pastoral life, or the hardship of Apostolic Administration. What would be the consequence arising from the deprivation of the necessary means for the formation, the travels, the exertion, and the administration of the Clergy in the Diocese ? Alas 1 no Priests could or would come to you from abroad I God even would take by one reason or another, by afflictions, disease, and death, those who are engaged in the pastoral labours for your own salvation ! Hence the loss of the sacred ministry ; hence the flocks remaining without shepherds; hence the sheep goiug astray to error and vice; hence the ruin of religion and faith ; hence the ruin to Chris tianity ! What awful consequences, which might follow from the neglect of the faithful in the duties of religious donations ! Is it surprising to see the Church weeping over the wants of her ministry and ministers, and to hear her indignation and anathemas in her discipline against the authors of their depri vations 1 Ah 1 dearly beloved, we make these reflections to you to induce you to avoid adversities for the present and future life, and to enable you to obtain the rich reward promised by our Divine Saviour, describing the'good results of Christian abnegation, and exhorting to leave for His sake some things dear to us in this world, as frierfds, relatives, goods, lands, properties, in order that we shall receive a hundred fold of blessings in this life, with the eternal felicity of Heaven. (Matt. 19—20.) Yes, says God again by the Prophet Malaohias, try me, people of the earth, try my promises! he nour me with your offering, and I shall open for you the treasures of Heaven, and give you with abun dance the richt's of my Providence, Probate me super hoc, dicit Dominus, si non aperucro cataractas eoeli, et effundero vobis benedictionen usque ad abundan tiam (Malaohi 8, 10). ? A hundred fold of blestings then, dearly beloved, for a great many of you, who by their usual reli gious offering enabled us. to give last year, from Auckland, a consoling testimony of their good works to our holy Father the Pope at Rome, and to obtain from His Holiness his Apostolic Benediction for all our dear flock. A hundred fold of blessings to the new converts to the Catholic faith, and to tho members of the Church who come by emigration to our diocese, and hasten to accomplish the duties of religion and cha rity according to the means which Providence giveB to them 1 A hundred fold of blessings to all the faithful who, living in the Communion of Saints with one heart and one soul, and who, avoiding worldly lux uries and vanities, rule their domestic affairs with the virtues, of wisdom, temperance, and Christian life, finding habitually means to honor God and the Church in their own residences, in the schools for fouth, in the holy temples of worship, and in the Ministers of the Lord 1 What edification to enter Christian houses of the faithful, where the eyes may meet crucifixes, reli gious pictures, religious books, holy parents, and pious children and servants 1 There should be no house where at least a Catechism, a Prayer-book, and some abridged history of the Holy Scripture, with holy water font, and some pictures of the mys teries of religion, could not be found. A hundred fold of blessings to those who understand to employ some funds to enrich their abode with such holy ornaments. J' A hundred -fold of blessings to the faithful who not only find means to keep their children in the schools of education, but also to co .operate in the maintenance and promotion of such important inst: tutions, which are the folds of the lambs of our Di vine Saviour, and the nurseries of Christians 1 A hundred fold of blessings to the zealous and prudent faithful, who, without comparing their offerings with the offerings of others, and consulting only the rule in the Holy Gospel which teaches to give much when Providence favours much, give ge nerous offerings for the Holy Temple of God, and would never see such buildings inferior in comple tion and ornaments to any of the houses and palaces in the world ! Was not indeed the lemple of God amongst the Jews far superior in beauty and rich ness to any palace of their Rulers ! Why should the people of grace — the members of the Holy Ca tholic Church — suffer any deficiency and inferiority in their Sacred Temples, when compared to their own residences ? A hundred fold of blessings to all Christian souls, who, according to the spirit and the practice of the Church, support the hierarchy of their clergy, as the people of Israel did support the tribe of Levi for the religious service of God ! Ah 1 a hundred-fold of blessings on earth and in Heaven to all who, by employing their means for such purposes, understand that they do it to Jesus Christ himself, who knows how to give large shares of salutary rewards not only to the parents donors, but also to their children, houses, and families ! Hence no loss for the families of those parents, but a great advantagfi arises to them from religious liberalities ! Hence the consideration of the num ber of children in a family would be often a pretext, and not a real reason, for the omission of religious donations ; it would be for them a me;e saving of the ninety 'ninth part of the hundred, and the loss of the nineiy-nine parts of the same hun dred : what illusion of the human wisdom against the calculation of the holy Gospel! But what is more deplorable, it is the spiritual losses often attached by God to the omission of religious do nations. When those who neglect them, keep their resources in their treasury, our divine Saviour may keep ' himself, the fountain of all graces, in the tabernacle, under the ki'y of his Minister. When they keep lands of a passing world, and houses like tents of one day, they may be deprived of the abodes and palaces of Heaven. Ah, infinitely more happy are those who by doing the good works of religion and charity, seek really the kingdom of God I for all things shall be given to them in abundance. It is also to co-operate in causing the effects of such a consoling promise, dearly beloved, that we direct our pastoral administration to have written, in the ecclesiastical records of the diocese, the names of its benefactors, and, accordingly, to celebrate, every year, in its churches, and especially in our cathedral, several masses for all the faithful, either living or dead, who are or have been benefactors of this same diocese, by religious donations, or by any other work of co-operation in its promotion for the salvation of souls. Finally, a hundred fold of blessings and eternal life to all the souls, who, in the absence of their pastors, as well as when they are present, lead al ways a Christian life, a life of faith, hope, and charity ; continuing to give their alms and offerings to the pastoral authority, and to honour thereby their Divine Saviour in His temples, in His minis ters, in the poor, in the orphans, in the widows, in the sick and destitute ; nothing will he forgotten in His infinite mercy and goodness ; He will, at His own tribunal, address to them these so very consol ing words : ' Come, ye blessed of my Father, come to possess the kingdom which is prepared for you from the beginning of the world.' The grace and peace of Jesus Christ be with you all. Given at Auckland, October 31st, eve of the Feast of all Saints, 1858. t J. Baptist Francis Pompallier, Bisliop ap. ad. of the Diocese of Auckland. ' : Mulwala Lagoon. — Strawberry poley bullock, BA off rump, 3 near rump. Yellow and white poley bullock, OB over 3 off ribs, LL near ribs. Brindle bullock, WD near rump. Yellow cow, ^ H and ITT off ribs. Yellow and white bullock, HA off rump. Red and white poley cow, W near ribs, 5 thigh, D off ribs. Yellow and white bullock, JS off rump, w thigh. Yellow and white cow, 9 off thigh, PO loin, half moon ribs. Red cow, E-t T off ribs. Red bullock, HC off rump and ribs. Red and white bullock, II off rump, C off thigh and shoulder. Brindle and white heifer, JV near ribs. Yellow bullock, AD off rnmp and ribs. Red and white bullock, LL near ribs, GxS near rump. Brindle cow, GM-1 off ribs. Roan steer, HY near rump, heart off loin. Yellow and white steer, 4 near rump, blotch off rump. Strawberry heifer, US off rump. White heifer, PO off ribs, ears cropped. Red steer, TH off rump, yy off ribs, y near rump. Brindle cow, CH off loin, H near rump, 3 thigh. Bay mare, J-H near shoulder; bay filly foal at foot. Bay mare, near hind foot white, small star, blotch over E near shoulder. Bay horse, aged, saddle and collar marked, near hind foot white, A with '~* over and B under near shoulder, '~~ over A off shoulder. Bay cob horse, aged, near hind foot white, JHL ^with BB over and ^ over A near shoulder, JHL near saddle. Bay horse, star, switch tail, JT with *'* over A and R-B under near shoulder, M with W over and P under off shoulder, aged. Bay cob horse, aged, A with '''? over and EH under near shoulder, G I off shoulder, JT off neck. To be sold on the 11th off April. Ryalstone. — Yellow and white bullock, cock horns, top off of off ear, WW' over C near rump, LL near thigh. Brindle bullock, snail horns, piece out of back of both cars, a near rump. To be sold on the 9th April. 