O'SII AN ASSY'S LAND POLICY. TO THE EDITOR 01' THE AUE. | Sin, — O'Shnuassy and the confederated No bodies (commonly culled his colloaguos) nre fast running tliu raco set beforo them. Miehio, Fellows ami Co. were hissed off the stage John and his associates — a talented company forsooth ! — auc- ceeded, lutrnkled by the heavy puffing and extravagant pretensions usual 011 such occasions. K von thing whs iu their favor — (honor and integrity nxecpted — mere triflss however) ; und they lunl only to withdraw tho objectionable parts of the piecj produced by their prode oessors. This they did, and their tkbut was attended with perfect suceo.is. However, when incidents begun to thicken they soon failed, and proved themselves entirely unequal to their assumed parts. They have broken down com pletely ; and every change of scene only sorves to heighten the shame nnd expose the unblush ing effrontery of these legislativo charlatans. Aitor a lang interlude tho curtain has been raised, nnd lo ! John with an uir of solfsatisfnc in hand ! What is it 1 Nobody can tell. The House receives it without cheer or hiss. The Convention won't have it — it is a ghost of a land policy which they can neither handle or touch. One gpcakor described it ns ' frau dulent, delusive, nnd dishonest to the back bonn.' The Arjus, at first sight, could neither penetrate or measure it, though on Hocond sight, [ suppose, in consideration ol tho billet the editor's brother holds under Duffy, it thought fit to extol it to the stars. Tho Herald, as was naturally to bo expected, has come out with 11 strain of fulsome llattery. In this degeneracy of ilnily paperii, I am, however, happy to sue that tho Age, the tried guardian of tho interests of the commons, has removed tho veil, und ex posed the deformity of the idol. Where is tho free pasturago to come from, and tho free selec tion, while the squatters remain in possession of tne country f mat is Btiio ruu. True, there is a sort of' loose promise that tho ' preferential occupancy' of theso pastoral tenants should at lome future time be put an eni to. So it will, but without the intervention of Grand Yizior John, whose promises vary with tho political weathercock. The statement of tho other night possesses all the convenience ^of indiarubber. U is formed to contract and expand as may suit the times. It can approximate to the views of Wilson Gray or Hig Clarke, according as Minis ters may deom advisable for their purpose. In its way tho said statement is a niasterpieoe. On the one hand it exhibits the cunning of the Jesuit, while on tho other it partakes of the daring of the bushranger. It is evident Minis ters mean to stick to office nt anj cost, and this pliublo land policy will prove a convenient text 111 tho mouths of Government candidates on tho hustings, from which n .Convention or squntto ci-fttic sermon can be preached at convenience. John, Prime Minister de facto, and President in prospective (!) of Victoria, you have over-reached yourself. Your crookod policy will not do here. Understand that you do not logislate for the priest-ridden, landlord-oppressed peasantry of Connemura, but for tho stalwart, high-minded, cannot, with a magic-lantern in ono hand and a flask of holy water in thn.nf.W. -;???' ----'- --;— .!...„ on nftj wun to nliirm, delude, or deceive them. Tho Colonial Uauk back parlor transac tions have not escaped unporeeived. Tlio masons, the carpenters, tho ground-down railway laborers, nnd every foo to corruption nnd dishonesty, have it in for you. The general election will provo n duy of judgment for the O'Shaiifi.ssy ref/ims. A host of witnesses will then appear ngainst you. With coat otl' and slotives tucked up, John, you havu noon caught looting the treasury. Tho ?? pule-hrowed ' pro phet, Dufl'y, no* K-UJistnnding the diseased suite of his nj«»'-i1 marrow stood at your elbow lustily roaring out a 'come on, boys,' to the ' Sprig oi Shillulnh' men, who were not deaf to his friendly voice. Doth of you have been seen scattering berths nnd ' billets' amongst'' them, with n lavish hand, und drawing out pensions and fat salaries for yourselves nnd the c-tts-paws thatnirl iu doing your dirty work. Whilst John Hull, Sawney, and Pat, poor fellows, bent their necks to the yoko and and thoir backs to the burden. Hut, thank heaven, their eyes nre opened. Tho 'land policy' has, like an electric shock, roused thorn from their dangerous slumber. John, the league of which you are a leading member, is strong — the hanks, tho squatters, the Argus, tho high tories, and yourself, nil have common sympathies nnd common intoresls. But lot mt- inform you, if you und they persist in keeping a hungry people from tho lurid, you will got swallowud up. You will find in the people, if oiico thoroughly arouaed, a Hercules that will soon crack tho neck of your hydra hunded combination. You set of hard-huaded, hard-fisted, hard-hearted votaries of Afammon — you havo converted the temple of law and justice into a den of thioves ! Money changers swarm wnere legislators should deliberate. Tnke a word of warning aud, like Judas, depart to your own places in time. Tho people will not endure your odious presence nuy longer. Thore nro a hundred thousand Cromwells ready at a moment's warning, to clear out the Augean utables at the head of Bourke stroet. I remain, Yorrs respectfully, AN IRISHMAN. 