JitaFfr grasping. TRAVELLING IN MEXICO. FROM TJSfPtTBníSÜED NOTES OF AN AMERICAN TRAVELLER, (PROBABLY THE GHOST OF BARON MUNCDAUSEN.) It is well known to all in any degree familiar with the history of Mexico, that a regular system of highway robbery exists in every section of that miserably governed country and that, through a want of inter ference of the authorities, this has grown up into such a regular and formidable shape that every traveller must be prepared to put his life at hazard at every stage, or be provided with a suitable contribution for loss caballero del came, the knights of the road, who, in the event of finding you prepared and willing, will make their levy with a polite- ness only equalled by the smiling landlord, when he received your overcharged fare for your last night's- entertainment. Why such systematic boldness of robbery is allowed if not with the connivance, at least with rarely any interference, of the Government or state authorities-is one of those in national matters which, among many others, so puzzles and perplexes the intelligent foreigners, but that such is the disagreeable truth every traveller through that wretched country can bear ample testimony. Some years ago, having business which first called me to the capital of Mexico, and thence through the interior of the country to the northward, I met with several thrilling adventures, which I have recorded for the benefit of whomsoever may take an interest therein, omitting only the dates, they being non-essential to the interest of the narrations themselves. The first of the series occurred on the route between Vera Cruz and the city of Mexico. In the regular diligence running between the places just mentioned I had taken passage, and had passed through the beautiful city of Malaga, and entered the gloomy town of Peronne, without meeting with any unusual incident, though being", continually warned to be on my guard against the dangers of the road. At Perote, where we halted for a relay and refreshments, all my fellow-passengers took leave of me, very solemnly assuring'me'that, if assailed by the Ladrones, or robbers, it would be much better for me to take matters quietly, and suffer myself to be genteelly plundered, than to run the risk of having my throat cut for resistance, as I had somewhat boldly proclaim c 1 it was my intention of doing. I thanked them for their, advice, and replied that I would take the matter into serious consideration. At Perote, I repeat, all who had been my companions from Vera Cruz took leave of me, this being the end of their journey in that direction, but there was one new passenger here to go forward, whom, to my agreeable surprise, I found to be a beautiful young lady, some twenty years of age. Se- Dorita Paula, as I subsequently ascertained her name to be was, indeed, one of those rare beauties seldom met with except in works of fiction tall, graceful, with a profusion of long black hair, soft, clear, melting dark eyes features as perfect as ever came from the hands of the sculptor, and with an animation the most fascinating, varying in expression with every changing mood of the intellectual possessor. A glance at her be- witching dark eyes showed me that she was one who was naturally of social disposition and as we rattled away from the gloomy town, I took the liberty of opening a conversation. " They tell me," said I, " that the route between here and Mexico is a very dangerous one to travel." " There is little to fear," she replied, with a sweet smile and in a melodious tone, "except from the professional robbers, and they seldom harm any- one who makes no resistance." "It seems strange to me," I rejoined, " that you Mexicans should take such things as a matter of course, and deem resistance a very impolite way of treating the knights of the road, instead of boldly asserting your rights, and abating the evil by a manly spirit of resistance. For myself, I must consider it the most cowardly of proceedings, for any respectable party to set out prepared to quietly gratify the cupidity of the Ladrones, and un- prepared to treat them to their just deserts." " Every traveller, Senor," she replied, " should, before setting out, count the cost of his journey, and as, of course, it is natural he should value his life highly, it seems to me natural that he should pay a certain sum for positive safety rather than put that life in jeopardy. For instance, in travelling from Vera Cruz to Mexico, if he will first reckon that soNnuch is the fare by the diligence, and that so much' will be required for entertainment on the way, and so much for the contingency you speak of, he will then have the exact cost between two points and if he will look at the whole as the sum total of his journey, he will not seem to be robbed by any one party more than another." " That," I replied,," may be, I believe is the Mexican mode of doing business, but does not tally with the preconceived ideas of us foreigners." " But every one, replied the fair speaker, " should conform to the customs of the country he visits." "And do you then go prepared for this highway robbery and have you no fear in thus journeying by yourself?" "Well, Honor, what can 1 do ? I am, as you perceive, an unprotected lady ; who, for certain reasons, am required to make the journey between Perth and the capital some twice or thrice a year, and you certainly could not expect me to go prepared to resist an armed band. As to fear I will not deny I have my share of that but, so far I have never met with any rough treatment, and, of course, I trust to the saints that my fortune will ever be as propitious." " And ( have you really been robbed on your journey back and forth?" I inquired. "I think I have paid my share to the Ladrones for my transit through their country ;" she laughed. " And you expect to continue a repetition of the same for the rest of your life ?" "Who knows?" she replied. "At least I hope to be always prepared." "And your fellow- travellers," said I ; " have you never seen any disposed to resist these unlawful acts?" " Once, Senor, an American and an Englishman, who were in the same diligence with, me, fired upon the robbers, killing one and wounding two. "And did the robbers fire back ?" " Yes, but fled immediately, and, fortunately, injured none of our party.'' " As I should have expected," returned I. " You were not robbed on that occasion, I suppose?" "We were not, Senor ; but the two foreigners subsequently paid dearly for their resistance; for in journeying back and forth, both were killed, separate and at different times, near the same spot. You see these crosses by the side of the road, Senor?" "I have observed them frequently, but here they seem to be much more numerous," I replied, looking forth from the vehicle. " Each stands on the spot were some one has met a violent death, she rejoined ; " and as we go along, I will call your attention to those which mark the places where the foreigners met theirs." "Do you know," said I, " that I am resolved to emulate their example, let the consequences be what they may ?" " Holy saints defend us !" she exclaimed ; " you are not in earnest, Senor ?" " Seriously so, I assure you." " You would I only bring certain death upon us both." "Say rather', I should lighten the expenses , of the journey-for your knights of the road understand retreat as well) us advance and you/.yóu'roolf have acknowledged that firm S'JVS- "start , i..;v.:",<. is.n. . .? ~ resistance put them to flight for once." " But there were numbers opposed to them, Senor, 3nd you are only one." " But, fortunately, I have a couple of revolvers, which, in two good hands, amount to some ten or a dozen shots, and my friends have repeatedly told me I am not a bad marksman Ah ! Santa Maria ! you ^,\\\\\ think better of this, Sailor. the very idea of resistance terrifies me!" "But not too idea of robbery?" "Because I have never met with violence." We continued to converse in a similar strain for some time longer- my fair companion gradually changing the subject, and seeming much interested in myself. I learned that her family name was Valerie that she was unmarried, that her father and brother were officers in the army, and so forth, and so on and in return I gave her my own name, stated something of my history, business and prospects, and altogether became more communicative than I would advise any friend to be with any stranger of either sex in a strange country. As we continued our journey, the conversation gradually changing from one thing to another, Senorita Paula suddenly brought it back to the point where it first opened. "We are coming upon a dangerous part of the road," she said " are you still resolved to defend yourself if as- sailed ?" " With your permission, Senorita ?" "I don't think it advisable," she replied, "but still, if such is your intention, I think it no more than right that you should give me a chance to take a part in my defence, since my risk of danger will be as great as yours !" " And have you really the nerve, after all, to defend yourself?" I inquired. " If I had the means,- Senor." " I have two pistols" said I : " if you will accept of one of them, it is at your service 1" " You are very kind, Senor-but can fire it ?" " With case, Senorita i" and producing one of my revolvers, I explained to her the manner in which it was to be used. '' And this, you say, will shoot some half-a-dozen times ?" " I think it safe to calculate that five charges out of six will explode, Senorita." "A very formidable weapon, indeed !" she replied ; " and With such I can almost fancy we are safe. You have another you say, like this?" I produced it" What a beautiful invention !" she observed, reaching over and taking it from my hand. Then extending her hands, one of the revolvers in each she continued: "Armed like this one might almost count himself safe against a host ! You say this is fired in this manner?" she proceeded, cooking one of the weapons as she spoke, and pointing it towards the road. " Have a care, Senorita ; or you will this- charge it !" The words were scarcely uttered when her finger pressed the trigger, and one of the barrels was exploded with a sharp report. A minute after, and while I was gently chiding her, we heard a loud quick tramp of horses and several sharp, rapid, exclamations. The next moment our conveyance was stopped suddenly, and we saw ourselves surrounded by some eight or ten mounted men, once where in a loud voice exclaimed : " Yield you prisoners or die !" " Quick, Senorita !" said 1 extending my hand ; " quick 1 In Heaven's name ! give me one of those weapons for now is our time for decisive action !" " Nay,': she replied, putting the weapons behind her, " you will be too hasty Let them suppose we yield-let them open the door?" "Oh no ! it will then be too late !" As I spoke, the door was suddenly thrown open, and three or four swarthy, heavily bearded men presented themselves to my view. " Quick Senorita, for the love of God !" I cried, grasp ing at her arm. " Hold !" she exclaimed instantly presenting one of my own revolver to my head. Resistance is useless you are our prisoner !" " Good God !" exclaims I, perfectly astounded ; " Our prisoner, did you say ? It is not possible that one so fair and lovely as yourself is in any manner connected with these banditti !" " It is even so Senor," she replied, with one of her most bewitching smiles, still keeping one of my own weapons turned against myself, and significantly pointing the other to the door " You will oblige us by stepping forth and giving yourself into the care of these good gentlemen, who will see that you are treated as a brave man should be, but who will trouble you, meantime, for any little change and valuables you might have to spare !" There seemed to be of help for it-the beautiful senorita Pauli Valerde was a spy and accomplice of the Ladrones. She had entered the diligence at Perth for no other purpose than to ascertain the exact condition of things inside, and be able to signalize her associates as she passes along, so that they might know exactly in what manner to conduct themselves and make their work sure without risk. By a simple stratagem she had obtained my arms just at the point where she knew the attack would be made and her discharge of the pistol, as if by accident, was the sign to show them that all was secure. I acknowledge myself conquered by being outwitted !" said I, bowing to la Senorita. Then turning to the robbers, who had now collected in a body in front of the door of the diligence, I con- firmed :-" Gentlemen, will you permit me to alight and make you some valuable presents ? In the language of your country, as I have is yours." The leader of the part; bowed politely in return, and said, with a grim smile :-," Si, Senor, we shall be most happy to receive anything which so distinguished a traveller may have to bestow.' With this I quietly stepped from the vehicle and one quick, searching glance put in in possession of the whole state of affairs The diligence had been stopped in a wild gloomy place, and the driver was sitting carelessly on the box, taking everything a a matter of course. He might also be an accomplice of the robbers, or he might not but, in either case, there was little hope of assistance from him-any attempt of the kind would certainly bring upon him a severe punishment, sooner or later. I glanced up] and down the road, where it wound between dark, overshadowing trees, but discovered nothing to give me any hope. Th robbers, some eight or ten in number, am all well armed, were collected around me part of them mounted and the others standing on their feet, holding their mustangs by the- bridle. Looking upon my case as a desperate one, so far as being plundered was concerned, I still retained my presence of mind, and did not wholly despair. True, had been outwitted, and disarmed, and now stood singly between numbers ; but the idea of yielding tamely to this outrage was. repugnant to my very nature, and I resolve to put the least favorable opportunity for defence and retaliation to the strongest test " Will you accept this purse ?" said I, pre during one that held several gold coins, an handing it to the chief of the Ladrone. " Thank you, Senor ! you are very kind ! he said, as he took it in his hand, with polite bow and charged the money. " The diamond pin may prove acceptable to you friend!" I added, as I quitely removed ; from the bosom of my shirt, and handed to the gentleman on his left, who receive it in the same polite manner. " This diamond ring, I trust, you will retain as a keepsake I continued, drawing the jewel from a finger and presenting it to a third. " beg your pardon, Scores," I pursued, glan rug at the Senorita Paula, who with in pistols still in her possession, was quiet] standing within the diligence regarding the whole proceedings with one of her sweetest smiles. "I must not forgot this beautiful lady. I have here," I went on, at the same time producing, the article, " a year of sAt i i . Pt! ' t t beautiful gold snuff box set, as you per- ceive-with diamonds-will your ladyship honor me' with accepting this as a slight token of my regard for the pleasure afforded me by your company and conversation?" "You are a very gallant gentlemen, Senor !" [ She laughed, taking the two revolvers in one '? fair hand, and presenting the other. I reached the box toward her-but my hand trembled a little and just as the present was about to touch her fingers, it slipped and fell between us. "A thousand pardons, Senorita, for awkwardness 1" I said, (is I bent down to pick it up.. - Now was the all-important moment the moment of life and death. All were in a measure off their guard; and one quick, furtive glance showed me that the girl still held my weapons carelessly in one hand. with the other remaining extended for the prize. I lifted the box carefully; but as I raised myself I gave a wild, startling yell, and as the Senorita started back, I, with the quickness of lightning ? seized both weapons, and wrenched them from her To wheel' and commence firing upon the party was now only the Work of a-moment.- The first shot, fortunately stretched out the chief; the second took effect on the one nearest to him and by the time the third had been sent to its mission, there arose one simultaneous yell of dismay, and the astounded robbers began to scatter in every direction . I had no disposition to follow them, however, another minute they might rally, and turn upon me ; springing forward, I grasped the reins of a freed mustang, and vaulted into the saddle. One more glance around me showed me the Senorita Paula Upon the body of the chief, her laughter changed to grief, and some of the scattered towards bringing their weapons to bear upon me. " Adios Senorita and Se- sores !" said I bitterly ; " he laughs best who laughs last !" The next moment I was dash- ing away down the road, the half-rallied robbers pouting after me a volley, but fortunately not touching their mark. They would doubtless have followed me in hot pursuit but for the wholesome dread they had of my still undischarged weapon. As it was, I escaped, and entered the town of Pueblo in triumph ; where it is almost needless to add, a narrative of my exploit made me a hero and a lien for the time. Here I sold my captured mustang and trappings for enough to indemnify me for what I had disposed of in the way of presents, and the next day saw mean inside passenger of the same diligence, en route for Mexico, where I arrived in safety, without any further event worthy of note. What became of the robbers and their beautiful accomplice I never learned; but the lesson taught me on that journey I have never forgotten and during the remainder of my stay in that country, no pretty woman ever had the honor of being my business confidante, or of getting possession of my trusting and unfailing revolvers. 