POLICE. CITY COURT. The magistrates present on the Bench yes terday morning, tho 24th inst., were— the Mayor, and Messrs Sturt, Hull, and Elliott. Minor Offences.— Nineteen persons who liad transgressed tho bounds of teisperacce were fined Os. each, or 24 hours' imprisonment. —Siimuel Johnston, charged with disorderly conduct in the public streets, was lui u 1U-' , or 48 hours' imprisonment. — Margaret Stewart, for a similar offence, was fined 53., cr 24 hour:,' imprisonment. — Jane Siwjlelon, for using ob sceno language and soliciting prostitution, was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. — Susannah Ward and Anne Walsh, two well known prostitutes, were each sentenced to seven days' imprisonment for improper behaviour in the public streets.— John Davis and Sarah Anne Jordan were cou viotpd of committing a gross act of indecency in a DUMic place. The woman, being a notorious offender, was sentenced to three months' im prisonment, ana the man was discharged with a caution, he beint'- the worse for liquor at tho time.— Benjamin Math, charged with stealing a pocket-knife from Abraham Leek, was dis charged, the caso .being one of the most trumpery description. — John Roal slon was charged with being drunk, and was also suspected of stealing masons' tools (two hammers), which he had in hi3 pos session. As he was unable to give any satis factory account of himself to the .Bench, he was remanded for two days, in ordsr that proper inquiries might be instituted. Attempt at Felony.— Jules Admass was charged with attempting to steal moueyfrom the till in the bar of the Tavistock Hotel. Thomas Connor deposed that he was in the Ta vistocic Hotel on Saturday evening last, and tbat ho saw the prisoner there. He, the prisoner, was crouching on his hands and knees, inside the bar of the hotel, with the. till in his hands. On perceiving that ho was observed, the pri soner ran away, but was pursued by tho wit ness, who brought him back, and the landlord of the hotel gave him into custody. The pri soner pleaded a case of mistaken identity, alleging that lie was never in tho hotel, but was merely passing at tho time, when the last witness rushed out and arrested him. He was remanded uutil Wednesday next for tho production of further ovidence Stealing Wearing Apparel. — Henry and Fanny Patten were charged with stealing wearing apparel. It appeared that both pri soners Had been lodging with a Mrs Margaret M'Grath, and that during her absence on Saturday last, a quantity of wearing apparel had been stolon from her residence, the prisoners being the only persons in the house during the time sho was away. They were remanded until Wednesday next for the production of further evidence. Cruel* v to Animals. — A Chong was brought before the Court charged with theabove offence. It appeared that the prisoner was found driving a horse, which was in a fearful condition from ill treatment and continuous hard labor ; the skin bomg entirely stripped irom uu tuu animal's side and hind quarters, and the harness being smeared with the blood of the unfortu nate creature. The prisoner was fined £2 or in default seven days' imprisonment. Wife Desertion. — George Wilkinson was brought up on warrant, charged wiih. deserting his wife and children on the Indigo. He was remanded to Indigo to bo dealt with by the authorities at that place. Uttering FonaED Notes on the Union Bank. — John Collins and John Jones were both charged with having forged and uttered several L5 notes on the Union Bank of Australasia. Detective Hudson deposed that ho bad arrested the prisoners in consequence of private infor mation which he had reeeived, and also because they corresponded to the description which had been forwarded to the detective offico of the parties who had been guil ty of passing several of the counterfeit notes. During the past few weeks upwards of fifty of these counterfeit L5 notes had been put into circulation, and in nearly every instance the parties passing these notes had selected women an the victims of their fraud. The execution of the notes was very good, but the paper was bad, and was deficient of the water mark. On searching tho house in. which the prisoners re sided, he found a quantity of dresses for different disguises, such as diggers, mechanics, laborers, and gentlemen, which corresponded to the cha racters assumed by the pnrties who had passed the notes in question. He prayed for a re mand until Thursday next for the production of further evidence. The prisoners were re manded accordingly. The Justice of Love. — -A. just man hateth the evil, but not the evil doer. — Sir Philip Syd ney. A degenerate Noblb is like a turnip, there is nothing good of him but that which is under ground, — or rhubarb, a contemptible shrub that springs from a noble root. He has no more title to the worth or virtue of his ancestors, than the worms that were engendered in their dead bodies, and yet he believes he has enough to exempt himself and his posterity from all things of that nature for ever. This makes him glory in the antiquity of his family, as if his nobility were the better the further oil' it is in time as well as desert from that of his predecessors. lie supposes the empty title of honor sufficient to serve his turn, though he has spent the sub stance and reality of it, — like the fellow who sold his ass, bui would not part with the shadow of it, — or like Apicius, that sold his house and kept the balcony to see and be seen in. And because he is privileged from being arrested for his debts, supposes he has the same freedom from all obligations he owes humanity and his country, because he is not punishable for his ignorance and want of honor, no more than poverty or unskilfulness is in other professions, which the law supposES to be punishment enough in itself: he is like a fanatic, that con tents himself with the mere title of a saint, and makes that a privilege to act all manner of wicked ness ; or like the ruins of a noble structure, of which there is nothing left but the foundation, and that obscured and buried under the rubbish of the superstructure. The living honor of his ancestors is long ago departed, dead and gone, and itis but the ghost and shadowof it that haunts the house where it once lived, with horror and disquiet. His_ nobility is truly descended from the glory of his fathers, and may be rightly said to fall to him, for it will never rise again by his means to the height it was in them j and he suc ceeds them as candles do the office of the sun. The confidence of nobility has rendered him ignoble, as the opinion of wealth makes some men poor : and as those who are born to estates neglect industry and have no business but to spend, so he, being born to honor, believes he is ho further concerned than to consume and waste it. He is but a copy, and so ill done, that there is no line of the original in him, but the sin only. He is like a word that by ill custom and mistake has utterly lost the sense of that from which it was derived, and now signifies quite the contrary, — for the glory of noble ancestors will not permit the goo I or bad of their posterity to be obscure. He values himself only upon his title,— which, being only verbal, gives him a wrong account of his natural capacity ; for the same words siguify more or less according as they are applied to things, — as ordinary and extraordinary do at court ; and sometimes the greater sound lias the less sense, — as in accompts through four be more than three, yet a third in proportion is more than a fourth, — But er (the author of Hudibras), 1600. 