SIGHTS AND SCENES IN SYDNEY. BY EVEKARD RVERGKEEN, THB YOUNGER, GENTLEMAN. ? NO. v.-THB PAVEMENT ON SATURDAY EVBNING. BEING-like a policeman and the ghost in Hamlet, 'Dooaied for a certain time to walk the night,' I have rare opportunities of making carious observations; and, of course, if I am not lazy, of committing the record of them to paper. Let no one, however, presume to assume that this necessity for nocturnal ramble on my part arises frotn the fact of my being a detective or a fast young man-or a swain that needs must sigh unsolaced under a case ment-or any mysterious character what ever. A person of quieter habits or more prosy daily employments, it would be hard to find. No one seeing me in my business den, would ever fancy that I played occasionally with golden sun shine-the specimen you see on a fine Aus tralian evening-ever infancy followed shifting shadows-ever wrote sonnets full <£ love and moonshine. Just imagine a cell, 4 six-by-eight' - an overgrown writing-desk 011 over-worn weak legs tall stool, that you are sure is ' kith and kin' of the aforesaid desk-a rude bench -a pile of unportable books, the hard words, ' Ledger,' ' Journal,' ' Letters,' haply peering out,-and you will have caught the salient points of my little fane of commerce, in which I have stowed the stoney divinities that' every man in this age of granite must for several hours in the day worship. My true Lares and Penates are duly reverenced elsewhere. 'Cribbed and confined' during the day except my ante- meridian stroll already recorded in these matter-of-feeling sketches-and the popular prandial hour -I am obliged to sally forth at night to enjoy fresh air and see something of life. Hence my dual opportunities for notic ing and noting. As we are told by the Wise Man there is no such thing as a sub-solar novelty, we must be content with asserting there are a great many varieties of the same thing. It is quite true that the invention of the steam-engine is not (essentially and metaphysically-one may as well be profound when one can) something quite new-something quite unknown to the ancients: for, as Adam and the first tiger down to the present writer and the j plump horse-quiet though!-which h® occasionally rides, are in a certain sense, steam-engines - depending for their action on combustion-on an adequate supply of proper fuel - one may argue, that the ancients-practically, at least-knew a great deal about the mat ter. If we cannot, then, discourse on novelty, let us do our devoirs to nature'* and arts' varieties. Sydney, on a Saturday night, is a good place for practice in such speculations. Of course, George-street-from the Post Office to Park-street-is the grand centre of attraction; and, consequently, the place to observe and study. If the weather is only decently good-if there happens to be a fragment of moon in the heavens, all the better-there is sure to be fuss and bustle, chatter and clamour, pushing and shoving, swearing and blackguard ing, quite enough for a whole week, if not too much for any period. There are I two or three points worthy of remark : imprimis, the cool manner in which wag gons, carts, and rapidly improvised counters are made into a barricade before the shop-doors ; secundo, the groupings of men, hobbledehoys, and boys, with an occasional accession of women, at several corners; tertio, the gallant feats per formed by various young gentlemen all along the promenade. New, in reference to my first point, I should like to know whether our civic sovereigns receive a tax from, or impose one on (which is nearly the same thing) the waggons, carts, and temporary counters aforesaid for the accommoda tion thus afforded or allowed them ; if not, could they not appeal to the strong feelings of their proprietors, and request them not to quarrel or scold with each other so often, nor use such crimson, sanguinary, and sapphire phrases, under penalty of dismissing them from the stand altogether? Only that I have a natural distaste for personalities, and am a firm believer in the profound doctrine of ' Anodisasgoodasawinktoablindhorse,' I should think it part of my duty to sketch one or two of the pink of these celebrities. However, it is to be hoped their 'haviour will mend, and thu» b® come better in that mysterious period, poetically called ' the good time coming.' As to the second p int-the groups at various well-known corners-particu larly one in King-street- it has been so long generally and unmistakeably felt to be a nuisance of the most vexatious cha racter. that the less I would say about it the better; my picture will only evoke dis igreeable memories among the majo rity of my readers. How honest trades men, decent artizans, respectable mechanics, and hard-working labourers can find physical or spiritual recreation, mental or moral refreshment, from stupidly standing in the elite company of 'bus charioteers and cads, at these corner houses, the majority of which are reeking, steaming, glaring, noxious taverns; blocking up the way in the most thoughtless and ill-bred manner; staring now and then at decent people passing bv,-is to ine a subject so wrapt up in mystery, that I cannot possibly find for it even seeming solution. When Horace, in the bitterness of his soul, wrote his 4 Odi vul u$ profanumhe must have had the persona of a street corner-or some locality equally obnoxious-in view; for everybody is profane who violates true taste and decency. It seems his Honor the Chief Justice, who, I am happy to learn, is a gentleman of christian and refined feeling, has, from the judicial seat, denounced these places of mob-rendezvous and miscellaneous ruffianisms. Is it not strange, that the police do not make such heterogeneous crowds 'keep moving?' If the streets and pavement were wider, there might be some excuse for the endurance of the nuisance : as both are, there is none. And now, a word with yon (and spe cially for you), ye gallant young men, who, with veritable cabbage-tree, bear ing the traditional pendants or the snowy novelties yclept turbans, on your sapient heads, wander along . this wondrous highway, drawling out common-places to each other, wickedly winking at the pink bonnets and fringed capes that flit past you, trying to do it-what, no one ever exactly knew-very smart and very flash, and causing no slight confusion in the nar row thoroughfares. Be not offended, spirited youths that ye are, if 1 beseech you to practise your fantastic freaks on more legitimate ground (the Lover's Walk, for example). If you only knew not hovr much annoyance you give ft lat wo Id, to your minds, be something )ish) bat how much contempt for your young, gay, gallant selves you excite, you would, through sheer vanity-if not manly self-esteem-perform your antics in more mete public places. The pavement, on Saturday nights, is not at all suited to your bold movements and daring ma noeuvres. The reader must think that I have grown bitter or billions, from the thin vein of sarcasm that runs through the preceding remarks. Such is not the case. I was never in a gayer or more genial humour in my life than at this moment. But the reader must admit, if one assumes the office of artist-in-chief to a donkey race, lie must allow a little freedom to his pencil, and sketch the animals and the visiters with a certain limited license. In the foregoing paragraphs I did not mean to say that there is no thing pleasant, nothing solacing, nothing soothing, nothing suggestive, nothing beautiful, nothing hQpeful in these Saturday night musterings-but 1 do contend, that the most intolerable draw backs to their legitimate enjoyment might advantageously be drawn back* altogether. I remember many an interesting many a funny-many a ludicrous group. I will try to sketch one. Just look at that table with its snowy cloth, on which are piled dark-green and bright-green, pea-green and sap-green, pink and white vegetables; the whole lit up and brought out fantastically by two flickering lights. A stout, buxoin, florid vendor-a lone widow, by-the-way draws your attention from her speci mens of vegetable botany, to her veritable self. But she is engaged. A noted cha racter-an Irish ex-Captain (I have never heard the number of bis regiment) -deftly shaved for the night-his drab hat jauntily pitched on his peaky head holds her in converse. As you pass by you necessarily hear the discourse ; and, as it is not of a private nature, nor (ob viously) intended for the widow's ears alone, you naturally listen to it. It was my fortune to hear this gentleman, ore rotundo, expatiate ' philosophically on the mysteries of I. 0. U.s'-both as a man of genius and a man who had passed hundreds of them; he was, he averred, well up in the subject. ' Look you, my good lady,' he wound up, with emphasis : ' I (by-the-way, the first personal pronoun) is the person who gives the I.O.U. for a certain debt. O stands in the language of figures, as well as figurative language, for nought. U is the person who, in his simplicity, receives the I.O.U. The plain meaning, therefore, of the transaction is, that directly an I.O.U. passes hands, there is literally nothing-that is, O-standing between I and U. If the history of a thousand I,O.U.'s were ascertained, this doctrine, Madam, that I have had the honour of propounding to you, on the subject, would explain and apply to nine hundred and ninety-nine of them.' ' How d'ye sell the puinpkings, ma'm?' cried a shrill voice, interrupting the ex Captain, while a tall, spare female figure, dressed in drab, shut the pompous little man out of my sight. After this, peripa tetic philosophy must be on its last legs. Green Lodge, near Sydney, May 18, 1859. 