VICTORIA. By the Havilah we have files of Melbourne papers to the 29th ultimo. Electioneering matters engrossed all attention. The following lists of members and candidates are given in the Herald of the 29th :— MEMBERS ALREADY RETURNED. Murray Boroughs—Mr. P. Murpby. Warrnambool—Mr. G. S. W. Home. East Melbourne—Mr. James M'Calloch, Dr. Hunter. West Melbourne—Mr. R. Caldwell, Mr. Loader. North Melbourne—Mr. J. Sinclair, Mr. Barton. Emerald Hill—Mr. Anderson. Sandridge—Mr. Wm, Nicholson. St. Kilda—Mr. Miehie, Mr. J. 9. Johnson. Ballarat East—Mr. Cathie. Mr. Humffray. BalUrat West—Mr. Bailey. Mr. Serjeant. Sandhurst—Mr. Howard, Mr. Henderson. East Geelong—Mr. Cowie, Dr. Tnomi'son. West Geelong—Mr. Harrison, Mr. Brooke. Richmond—Mr. J. G. Francis, Mr. Woolley (?) ColUngwood—Mr. Don, Dr. Enabling, Mr. G. M. Stephen. Williamstown—Mr. Verdon. South Boarke—Mr. L. L. Smith, Mr. Newton. West Bourke—Mr. M. L. King. Mr. H. Amsinck. Mr. P. Phelan. Castlemaine—Dr. Macadam, Mr. Pyke, Mr. Aspinall. Kyneton—Mr. Hadley. Kilmore—Mr. J. (/Sbanaasy. Mandurang—Mr. Brodie, Mr. Carpenter. Ararat—Mr. M'Lelland, Mr. O'Hea. CANDIDATES NOMINATED. Crowlands—Mr. Houston, Mr. Macredie, Mr. Wood, Mr. Jennings. Murray District—Mr. D. Eeid, Dr. Rowe. There does not appear to have been moro than usual excitement consequent upon the elections. Tne greatest display of acrimony seems to be between the Argus and itr. George Milner Stephen, who has been returned for Collingwood. At the Melbourne City Council it had been resolved that a complimentary address be pre sented on behalf of the Council to Captain Greig and the officers and crew of the Lady Bird, for their conduct in connection with the Admella, and that the Mayor be requested to convey the thanks of the Council to the Messrs. Henty, ' for their promptitude in sending as sistance; "and also that the thanks of the Council be given to those of the Sandridge boatmen who volunteered their services. The Admella Committee (says the Argus) have not been idle. One hundred printed forms of subscription-lists have been dispatched to every town of importance in the country, the return of which is expected by the 1st of September next. Mr. Blackwood, the hon. secretary, has put himself in communication with the captains of the various steamers who have visited the scene of the shipwreck, and also with the gentlemen residing at Mount Gambier, for the purpose of getting every in formation respecting the value of the services performed by each of the rescuers, with a view to a proper appropriation of the rewards. The Adelaide Committee have also been written to, and their co-operation with the Melbourne Committee requested. As it is very desirable that whatever is done should be done quickly, persons intending to subscribe would greatly oblige by at once inserting their names and the amounts they intend giving on some of the many subscription-lists lying at different places in Melbourne and the suburbs. The Geelong correspondent of the Argus says :—"On the 26th ult. the funeral of Mr. Magarey, whose remains were brought to town to-day, took place this afternoon. There was a large cortege followed the remotes of the de ceased gentleman." The racehorse Barber, which was on board the Admella, arrived from Mount Gambier at Portland on the 25th ult., in excellent condi- tion. He was under the charge of Mr. Bowden, Mac's Hotel, and left by the Lady Bird next day to compete for the Champion Stakes. A By-law, rendering it compulsory upon householders in certain streets to have their shopfronts swept before 7 o'clock in the morn- ing, is about being framed by the Melbourne City Council. The Wreck of the Admella. —The Victoria Steam Navigation Board have placed themselves in correspondence with the South Australian Trinity Board, and on Saturday last a telegram was received from Adelaide, in reply, addressed to the Secretary of the Victoria Board, stating that an investigation would be held there; at the same time re- questing that all official information connected with the wreck might be placed in the hands of the Trinity Board.— Argus. The River Navigation.—The Albury, Captain G. Johnstone, passed Lang's on Mon- day, on her way back to Goolwa. On this voyage she has only ascended as far as Tubbo —a station belonging to Mr. Peters, near the Yanko—as she not only had no cargo left on board, but the river at this early period of the year is not always to be sufficiently depended on to keep high to warrant a boat in going high, without special inducement. As it is, the river has fallen many feet during the past fortnight, and although the Albury was only drawing 2½ feet on her descent, some careful steering was requisite in navigating the shallow parts of the river. The portions of the cleared during the present season, small as they were, have considerably improved the waterway, and no doubt when the snagging operations are completed next season, the river will be found navigable during the greater part oi the year. The shearing season not having commenced on the Lower Murrumbidgee, there was hardly any down loading for the Albury. She had, however, as I understand, some considerable number of sheepskins. The Murrumbidgee has gone rather low, but is not at present falling, so that we may soon be expecting another fresh, more particularly as there is now on Manaroo a very large quantity of snow, which will be gradually melted by the sun, and supply the river with a considerable quantity of water.—Border Post, August 24. The Submerging of the Tasmanian Cable.—H.M.C.S. Victoria returned to Hob- son's Bay on Saturday evening last (the 20th) from her trip with the Omeo; also from revi- siting the different stations in the Straits where the cable had been landed, with a view of dis- covering where the insulation was defective. It will be seen by the report taken from the log that at the north part of King's Island communication is perfect with Tasmania. On arriving at Cape Wickham nearly half a mile of the cable was found strewed on the beach, broken in innumerable pieces, and bent and twisted into extraordinary contortions. A specimen of the cable was obtained there, and has been brought up by the Victoria, and which will be found worthy of inspection, as showing the immense strain it must have borne, also the twists and knots it has formed. Con- siderable delay must take place before commu- nication with Tasmania will be opened up, as the shore end at Cape Otway will have to be examined. It is stated that it was thrown out of the boats in coils, one lying over the other. At King's Island the end is lost, and it will be necessary that it be grappled for. If not found by that means the entire distance from Cape Otway will have to be under-run, which will be a task of great difficulty and delay. Some enquiry will have to be held respecting the diffi- culties that have arisen in the matter of the laying down this cable. A full investigation is looked for by the public, and is due to the officers and crew of the Victoria, and to the Omeo, her officers, the contractor, and all con- cerned in the work. — Argus. On this subject the Herald has the follow- ing :—"We regret to learn that there has been some considerable mismanagement of the ope- rations connected with the laying of the inter- colonial telegraphic cable. The Victoria, which accompanied the Omeo to assist if necessary in the submergence of the cable, returned yester- day with the information that the end landed at King's Island was in an entangled condition, and that a breakage had taken place about half a mile from the shore. In our reference to these operations, in our summary for England we suggested that the proceedings would in all probability form the subject of a public en- quiry. Some such, investigation has now be- come absolutely necessary, as there is every reason to conclude that the nature of the co- operation between the Victoria and the Omeo has not been such as should have existed, con- sidering the great importance of the under taking in which the officers of these vessels were engaged." The Eight Hours System.—A deputation from the various branches of the iron trade had an interview with Capt. Pasley and Mr. Ligar yesterday, at the Crown lands Office, in order to urge upon the Government the de- sirability of adopting the eight hours system on all the Government works, but more espe- cially amongst those who were employed in the iron trades. Mr. Ligar admitted that the eight hours system had worked remarkably well in his department. The result of the interview was that the deputation were in- structed to attend on Tuesday next, when Mr. Darbyshire and probably Mr. Horne would be present, and they were further directed to bring the written opinions of masters in the iron trade who had adopted the eight hours syetem.— Age. Mr. BINNEY.—The sojourn of the Rev. Mr. Binney in these colonies extended over a period of about 15 months, the rev. gentleman, who, with Mrs. Binney, has just left for Europe in the Salsette, having arrived in Melbourne on the 30th March, 1858. Mr. Binney visited New South Wales twice, Tasmania twice, and South Australia once, as well as the prin- cipal towns in Victoria. His health having been greatly benefited by travelling, he was enabled to deliver many sermons and lectures, the tendency of which, as well as the practical example of the teacher, was invariably to as- suage the differences that existed among the different religious denominations. Mr. Binney preached his farewell sermon in the Rev. R. Fletcher's church, at St. Kilda, on Sunday evening week last, and on the following even- ing delivered, in the Exhibition Building, a lecture on the "Life and Travels of St. Paul." There were nearly 3,000 persons present. The admission was by tickets, and the sum taken amounted to £163 9s. A number of memorials of the colony of Victoria, consisting of maps and photographic views of the principal build- ings, books, &c.;, were purchased out of the proceeds and presented to Mr. Binney, and the surplus, amounting to £84 7s. 4d., has been divided as follows :—To the Protestant Orphan Asylum, £20; City Mission, £20; the Tem- perance League, £10 7s. 4d. ; and the Sailors' Home, £14. We understand that Mr. Binney, having on former occasions endeavoured to supplement the funds of the Hospital and the Benevolent Asylum, was desirous on the pre- sent one of furthering the interests of other institutions.—Argus. Mining Intelligence. — Last week we had to notice the discovery of a new lead at the Indigo, and this week we find mention of another, the accounts of which are very con- flicting, if, indeed, they all refer to one spot—a point which is not very clear. According to one account, the depth of sinking in the prospectors' shaft is 240 feet, with the water rather troublesome, but with abundance of gold, as the yield from six tubs of wash-dirt is stated to have been at the rate of no less than one pound weight of gold to the tub. If this statement is anything near the truth, there is quite sufficient reason for the excitement said by another account to prevail on the new rush. The gully in which this has taken place is some two or three miles from the Lower Indigo, and has of course been marked out in claims for some miles of its length. This last of the new rushes, according to present appearances, bids fair to be one of the most important which has yet occurred in that district. On the Cale- donian lead claims have been taken up to the junction, and the miners are going to work with spirit. The prospectors have two feet thick of wash-dirt, and their best prospects as yet have only yielded between 3 dwt. and 4 dwt. to the canful. They have, however, found a few small nuggets. These newly taken up leads run towards one point ; and, from the appearance of the ground, the junction is likely to be found on an extensive flat, on the verge of which both gullies terminate. From New Ballarat and the Suffolk and Skeleton Leads nothing new is reported. At the lower end of the Old Indigo Lead there are supposed to be two distinct runs of gold, running parallel to each other, and it is in this direction that at- tention is principally turned just now. It is scarcely probable that a junction has been effected by three or more of such leads as have been now struck—and those already opened converge towards one point—without the for- mation of some richer deposits than have been yet reached.—Argus. Racing Intelligence.—We extract the subjoined paragraph respecting the Champion Sweepstakes from Bells Life in Victoria :— "The announcement in our town edition last week that The Barber had swum ashore from the wreck of the Admella appears to be quite true; but we are not in possession at present of any particulars of this unexpected turn-up for the backers of the Adelaide horses. Mr. Hurtle Fisher, who has arrived in Mel- bourne, and who is next door to being as well as ever he was, has no idea how The Barber escaped ; we must therefore content ourselves with the fact that be is in the land of the living, and wait his arrival amongst us, which is expected to-day per Lady Bird, from Port land, before our curiosity can be satisfied as to how and wheu he reached the shore. On Thursday we had a peep at Zoe and Zingani, at their residence at South Yarm ; they both had coats on them like a looking-glass, and ap- peared to be as lively as kittens. Not a ghost of Zoe's shy leg was to be seen in her box, and her owner (whose interest it would be rather to encourage the report of her lameness) and trainer denied that she had ever gone amiss since her arrival in Victoria. As a proof of Mr. Tait's confidence in her, he has backed her for £700 since his return from Sydney, at 100 to 7 and 100 to 8. There continues to exist a strong desire to lay against Miss Rowe, and we have not heard of a single investment on her for the last week." Treatment of Lunatics.—The eight times adjourned enquiry at the Yarra Bend was ad vanced a stage further. The evidence given was by Dr. Bowie, Dr. Morrison, Dr. Bowman, and au ex-patient of the Asylum. Dr. Morri son was examined as to the dietary scales of the Nottingham, Norfolk, and Montrose asylums, of which he was for a period of years medical officer. He was of opinion that the diet at Yarra Bend was a liberal one, and that in Victoria patients did not require so much meat as in England. Dr. Bowie was of exactly the contrary opinion on the latter point. The evidence of the two other witnesses described the cruel treatment experienced by lunatics in the Western Gaol. At half-past 5 o'clock the Coroner adjourned the enquiry until 9 o'clock, on Monday next, when Dr. M'Crea it is ex- pected will put in a rebutting case.—Herald. Geelong.—Last night (the 26th) the per- formance at the theatre being in aid of the Reward Fund for the boats' crews of Admella fame, that building was crammed to excess. The two volunteer fire brigades supported the movement by patronizing the performance, and lent attraction to the night's proceedings, going in a torchlight procession to the theatre. Mr. G. V. Brooke, Mrs. Heir, Mrs. Vickery, and other Melbourne dramatic celebrities, were en- gaged for the occasion. The pieces selected were "The Serious Family" and "The Eton Boy." The audience comprised many of our most respectable townsmen and their families. About £135 was taken, which, after deducting expenses, will leave a sum little abort of £70 to be handed over. Is this all Geelong intends to give?—Correspondent of Argus. The Last Mail.—The Geelong Advertiser says :—"The cause of the great delay which occurred in getting telegraphed from Adelaide the news by the last mail steamer is still en- veloped in mystery. The telegram which we received in Geelong at a quarter past 3 p.m. was placed in the Adelaide Telegraph Office by half-past 8 am. The Telegraph De- partment is, very properly, impenetrably mysterious as to the nature of the work performed, and we can only conjecture that the Governors of Victoria and New South Wales must have monopolized the wires for an unreasonable length of time. All the telegrams in the Sydney, Melbourne, and Greelong papers will not account for the delay. Massed together they might be transmitted in i couple or three hours. Our arrangements forgetting an early telegram were of the most oomplete kind. The following is our corre- spondent's little bill of costs in connection with procuring the news. We only pay a certain proportion of the expenses, however ; by arrangements which we are not at liberty to explain the gross expense is shared by others :— Horse and carriage hire ... ... ... £20 2 0 Passage to Nepean Way ... ... ... 3 6 0 Living of special messenger at Willunga 4 0 0 Living at Glenelg, two persons, day and night, one week ... ... ... 5 14 6 Boat and boatmen at Willunga ... ... ... 3 0 0 Boat and boatmen at Glenelg ... ... ... 2 0 0 £35 1 6 