THE MANAGER'S VICTIM. In this painful and uncertain position the suitor, Wil- liam Prescott, still remained in Newcastle. Caroline saw him each day, and each day she grew colder and colder towards him. The father pondered over his daughter's inconstancy without once guessing its cause. There was one in the theatre who contd have informed old Grumby as to the motive of Caroline's inexplicable behaviour, and that person was Pops, the call boy. One rainy evening in March, an hour previous to the perform- ance, Emma was sitting in the green-room conning over the words of her part, when Mr Murden and Caroline Grumby entered. As the gas was not lighted, and Emma was in a dark corner, away from the fire, her presence was un- observed by the couple. "Pops!" said Mr Murden. "Yes, Sir!" replied the call-boy, popping his red head into the apartment. "Keep a good look-out for the she dragon!" "Right as ninepence, Sir!"--and Pops's head disappeared. "Now, Caroline," said Mr Murden, "what have you done with the Manchester man?" "Dismissed him," rejoined the girl, removing her wet bonnet, which she tossed on the settee. Emma longed to cough or move, in order that they might know she was in the room; but some uncontrollable impulse kept her silent. "Dis- missed him!--Well!" said Mr Murden. "Is it well, Edwin Murden?'' asked Caroline, in a hollow voice. "Of course it's well!" returned he; "yet it would be a confounded deal better if I weren't chained to a wife." "I have given up all for you," proceeded the girl, in chokirg accents; "you will be a fiend if you desert me!" "Good Heavens! haven't I pledged my honour to you?" Caroline laughed bitterly. "Don't laugh, Caroline!" said Mr Murdon in an easy tone. "You talk of honour to me!" said the girl reproachfully; "speak of feeling, and I will listen to you." "Grant me patience, Caroline. You knew I was married; I couldn't deceive you regard- ing my cursed situation." "Hush!-- you do not under- stand me," said she passionately. "I will bear her in- sults, wounding as they are--I will endure the loss of my father's affection-- I will defy the world's scorn--I will brave every trial, so you remain true to me, and love me on." "Deuce take me, Caroline, if I like to be doubted in this fashion," drawled Mr Murden, twisting his mous- tache;" "and if you are going to turn out a spitfire, why, I shall wish that the Manchester man had you." "Is this your feeling?--is this your love?" asked she in a sorrowful tone. "Do you wish to quarrel with me?" "Heaven help me, no'" she answered, bursting into tears. "Well, then, let things go on as usual." "I can- not. You must swear--solemnly swear--never to aban- don me or the child to which I shall soon give birth." "Child, Caroline!" exclaimed Mr Murden, in a startled tone. "Confusion take me!--why wasn't I informed on this point before?" "The news is then painful to you Edwin Murden?" said she, clinging to his arm. "Is the Manchester man gone?" he suddenly inquired. "I know not," replied the girl in a bewildered tone; "I parted from him at the door of the theatre." "For the last time?" "I told him I would see him no more." "You must," said Mr Murden, firmly,--"you must see him again; you must marry him!" The girl staggered against the wall, and remained silent. "Did you hear me, Caroline?" "Yes!" she replied in a whisper; and her arms dropped by her side. "You'll be better off with him than you would be with me," pro- ceeded the cool villain; "I didn't calculate upon this. You see, dear girl, the difficulty of the case. Should my wife discover this affair there would be a regular out- burst, and I should be a ruined man. Do you hear me, Caroline?" "Yes." "Well, then, send a note to the Manchester man, recall him, and let there be an end to this unfortunate matter. You agree to this Caroline?" A sharp cry broke from her white lips. "What's the matter?" said he, laying his hand upon her shoulder. "Don't touch me!" she cried, with a shudder; "let me go," she continued, shrinking away from him, and speak- ing in gasps.--"let me go and dress--I shall be late." "One kiss!" said he lightly,--"come, a last kiss." "Not if it would save you from------" "The dragon, Sir!" said Pops, hurrying into the green-room and stirring the fire up. Mr Murdon coolly began to hum an opera air, and sauntered out of the apartment, followed by Pops, while, with a groan, the unfortunate girl sank senseless upon the floor. . . . . Mrs Murden was standing in the opposite entrance, intently watching Caroline. Emma marked the lady's flushed cheeks and flashing eyes, and wondered whether she suspected the dreadful truth of the unhappy girl's position. The incident of the bonnet in the green-room and Mrs Murden's coarse and unladylike behaviour respecting it, led Emma to fear that she more than suspected. The cue was given, and, hand in hand, Emma and Caroline Grumby walked on the stage. Emma spoke first, and in accordance with the character of the scene, for some minutes kept her arms around the drooping girl. Then came Carolina's reply, delivered in a cold, quivering tone. The old prompter wiped his spec- tacles, took a large pinch of snuff, and with an uneasy look, glanced towards his daughter. Emma (still in the business of the scene) walked away to look out of a win- dow, and Caroline remained standing at the foot-lights, muttering over tho words of her part. Suddenly there was the report of a pistol, and with a scream Caroline reeled a few paces, and then fell in a heap upon the stage. Emma was by her side in an instant, and from behind the scenes, and also from the front of the house, which was now in a state of confusion, numbers of people rushed forward. The girl was carried to the green-room and laid on a settee there, and the doctor in attendance told her frantic father that the bullet had fatally done its work \--his daughter had not half an hour to live. Mr Murden, pale as a ghost, staggered into the room. "Who had fired the pistol?" he demanded. "A young man from one of the stage-boxes," was the reply. "Is he in cus- tody?" asked Mr Murdon, scarcely knowing what he said. "Yes," answered a bystander, "but he himself is dying-- he had taken a dose of poison before he shot the girl." "Who--who is the man?" "He's a Manchester man of the name of William Prescott,'' rejoined another by- stander. Mr Murden groaned deeply. Grumby hung over his child, and wept, and tore his gray hair in all the passion of frenzied grief. He watched the glazing eye and listened for the throbbing of her heart; he stooped to press her lips ("the doors of breath")--they were cold \--the old man was childless.--The Dottings of a Lounger. 