BRITISH EXTRACTS. IMPORTANT TO PUBLICANS.-WHAT CON STITUTES A " TRAVELLER."-At last we have gained some clue to this long agitated and vexed question. We never had any doubt on the subject, but now that a high legal tribunal has pronounced on the point, it will settle the matter at rest. The deci sion appears to be in accordance with com mon sense, and must be regarded as one of strict justice, as well as equity. It is the case heard in the Court of Common Pleas, of Atkinson v. Sellars. This was an appeal from a decision of two justices of the county of Lancaster, convicting the appellant of selling beer to persons, other than travellers or lodgers, on a Sunday, between the hours of three and five p.m. Mr. L. Temple ap peared for the appellant, and Mr. Welsby for the respondent. It appeared that the defendant keeps an hotel and tavern in Garston, five and a half miles from Liver pool, and that, on a Sunday, between the hours of three and five p.m., four gentlemen and some ladies, who had driven from Liverpool, and round the country for about ten miles, arrived at Garston, and put up their horses. Before entering the house, appellant asked them if they were travellers, and they replied they were, and as they were not known by the appellant, and were not residents in Garston, they were served with beer. The appellant was summoned and fined by the justices ; and they, desir ing to have some definition of a** traveller," within the 18th and 19th of Victoria, cap. 118, stated a case for the opinion of the court, being, however, of the opinion that the question was one of fact only. The court, after hearing the arguments, said that the question was one of fact, but that upon the facts disclosed, they were of opinion that the conviction ought to be quashed. A traveller was not merely a person who travelled for business, but one who went about in pursuit of pleasure. The convic tion ought to be quashed without costs. London ' Era,' December 10. WHAT AN EDITOR MIGHT HAVE BEEN. Holland, the Editor of the Springfield * Re publican,' has been up in Vermont, to *' Where he came from," and he thus sketches what he should have been if he had not left home and become an editor : Your correspondent would have grown stalwart and strong, with horny hands, and a face as black as an ace of spades. He would have taught school winter, worked on the farm summers, and gone out haying for fifteen days in July, and taken for pay the iron work and running gear of a waggon. At two and twenty, or thereabouts, he would have begun to pay attention to a girl with a father worth two thousand dollars and a spit-curl on her forehead-a girl who always went to singing-school, and " sat in the seats," and sung without opening her inouth. A pretty girl any way.-Well, after seeing her home from singing-school one or two years, taking her to a Fourth of July, and getting about a hundred dollars together, he would have married her, and settled down for life with her. Years would pass away, and that girl with the curl wouid have had eleven children-just as sure as you live-seven boys and four girls. We should have had a hard time in bring ing them up, but they would soon be able enough to do the milking, help their mother washing days ; and I, getting independent at last, and feeling a little stiff in the joints, should be elected a member of the legisla ture, having been assessor and school com mittee for years. In the evening of my days, with my pipe in my mouth, thirteen barrels of cider in my cellar, and my news paper in my bands, I should sit and look over the markets through a pair of gold mounted spectacles, and wonder why such a strange silly piece as this should be pub lished. PERFECTLY COOL.-A waggish friend of ours tells the following, which we do not remember to have seen in print:-A certain man, whom we will call M -, was noted for possessing great courage and presence of inind, and the crossest wife in the neigh bourhood. More than one attempt had been made to frighten M without success, but one dark stormy evening one of his brother chips, resolving to see if there was any scare in him, fixed himself up in a lonely piece of wood through which M had to pass on his way h«me. The pre tended ghost had scarcely settled himself in his position, when our hero hove in sight, and came whistling along unconcerned as usual. Suddenly the ghostly figure con fronted him, and in a sepulchral voice, com manded him to stop. M did so, and after regarding his companion for 3 mo ment, said, with the utmost coolness :-" I can't stop, friend ; if you are a man, I must request you to get out of my way and let rue pass: if you are the devil, come along and take supper with me. I married your sister !"-American, paper. A BUSY EDITOR -We sometimes feel it to be a pretty tough task to do all the read ing. writing, and thinking for a daily paper, but we " knock under" to the editor of the Ocala (Ela) ' Companion," who gives the following reports of his labours :-" During the last three weeks the editor of his paper has set all the type, and made up the forms, and worked the press, folded papers, and at tended to all his editorial duties, besides a superintending the getting out of timbers and shingles for two houses, putting up 220 feet of palings, and regularly conducting the business of a genera! commission merchant, in fact, we have nearly had our bands full. Whew! how hot it is."-4 Toronto Globe.' MAN, A WATERY ANIMAL.-Of the human frame (bones included) only about one- fourth is solid matter (chiefly carbon and nitrogen), the rest is water. If a man weighing M)st. were squeezed flat under a hydraulic press, TJst- of water would run nut. and 2Ast. of dry residue would remain. A man is therefore, chemically speaking, -1-nIbs. of carbon and nitrogen diffused through five pailfuls of water.-' Quarterly.' Be not affronted at a jest. If one throw I salt at thee thou wilt receive no harm unless | thou hast sore places. THE LLAHA.-The llama is the only ani mal associated with man, and undebased fcy the contact. The llama will bear neither beating nor ill-treatment. They go in troops, an Indian walking a long distance ahead as guide. If tired, they stop, and the Indian stops also. If the delay is great, the Indian becomes uneasy, and near sunset, after all sorts of precautions, resolves on sup plicating the beasts to resume their journey. He stands about fifty or sixty paces off, in an attitude of humility, waves his hands coaxingly towards the llamas, looks at them with tenderness, and at the same time in the softest tone, and with a patience I never failed to admire, reiterates ic-ic-ic-ic. If the llamas are disposed to continue their course, they follow the Indian in good order, at a regular pace, and very fast, for tbeir legs are extremely long; but when they are in ill humour they do not even turn their heads towards the speaker, but remain motionless, huddled together, standing, or lying down, and gazing on heaven with looks so tender, so melancholy, that we might imagine these singular animals had the consciousness of another life, of a bap pier existence. The straight neck, and its gentle majesty of bearing, the long down of their always clean and glossy skin, their supple and timid motions, all give them an air at once noble and sensitive. It must be so, in fact; for the llama is the only creature employed by man that he dares not strike. If it happens (which is very seldom) that an Indian wishes to obtain either by force or threats what the llama will not ! willingly perform, the instant the animal ! finds itself affronted by word or gesture, be raises his head with dignity, and, without attempting to escape ill-treatment by flight, (the llama is never tied or fettered,) he lies down, turning his looks towards heaven; large tears flow from his beautiful eyes, sighs issue from his breast; and in half or three quarters of an hour at most, be expires. Happy creatures, who so easily avoid suffer ings by death ! Happy creatures, who ap pear to have accepted life on condition of its being happy ! The respect shown these animals by the Peruvian Indians amounts ; absolutely to superstitious reverence. When the Indians load them, two approach and 1 caress the animal, hiding his head that he i may not see the burden on his back; if he ! did he would fall down and die. It is the ; same unloading. If the burden exceeds a ! certain weight, the animal throws itself ! down and dies. The Indians of the Cor dilleras alone possess enough patience and > gentleness to manage the llama. It is ! doubtless from this extraordinary companion i that he has learned to die when overtasked. ! NOVEL PROPOSAL.-The ' New York Times' makes the following proposition as a means of uniting Great Britain and America more closely, and as an appropriate manner in which to celebrate the " great event of the day," the laying of the Atlantic/Tele graph :-" Queen Victoria's eldest son, the Prince of Wales, if not already, will be soon wanting a wife, and that the United States offer one of her fair daughters for bis bride, the lady that may be selected to be adopted by Uncle Sam, each of the States to give a bridal present suitable for the oc casion. Uncle Sam to make up deficiencies in fortune, for a dowry for the position that she would occupy. We can supply him with as splendid an affair as be could get upon the top of this globe, and the fact of her being Uncle Sam's daughter is as high a rank as any European Power could boast." TIGHT LACING.-The injurious effect of tight lacing has been often pointed out, and in England, at least, women have pretty generally learned to see the danger, if not always the hideousness, of those wasp-waists once so highly prized. A single fact elicited in the experiments of Herbat, will probably have more weight than pages of eloquent exhortation. It is this:-The same man who, when naked, was capable of inspiring 190 cubic inches at a breath, could only inspire 130 when dressed ; now, if we com pare the tightness of womens' stays with the tightness of a man's dress, we shall easily form a conception of the serious obstacle stays must be in efficient breath ing; and the injurious effect of this insuffi cient breathing consists in its inducing a depression of all the vital functions. ' Blackwood's Magazine.' THREE REASONS.--Mr. Brandytoddy's three reasons for not drinking are very characteristic of that gentleman :-" Take something to drink ?" said his friend to him one day. " No, thank you," replied Mr. B. "No? why not?" enquired his friend in amazement. " In the first place," returned Mr. Brandytoddy, " I am secretary to a temperance society that is to meet to-day, and I must preserve my temperance cha racter. In the second place, this is the an niversary of my father's death, and out of respect to him I have promised never to drink on this day. And in the third place, I have just taken something " BRICKMAKIXG BY ELEPHANTS. - The * Ceylon Observer" contains an account of some brickmaking works recently visited by Sir Henry Ward. The works, which turn out about 20.000 bricks a day, are only six miles from Colombo. The clay for brick making is prepared by elephants. The wild and tame work together, and both at tempt to shirk their work by endeavouring to put their feet in old foot-prints, instead of in the soft, tenacious, untrodden mud. A Quebec (French) paper mentions an extraordinary adventure with a bear. A man fired at the bear but did not materially injure him, when the bear gave chase, and the man, not having time to reload, climbed a tree, seating himself on a branch, whither the bear followed him. The man prayed to the Virgin, and taking off his cotton vest, set fire to it with a friction match, and threw it in a blaze on the bear's head. This made bruin drop to the ground, and gave the habitant time to load, so that when the bear was ready to climb the tree a second time he got a ball through his head. In testimony of all this, the man sold the bear's skin in the Lower-town market of Quebec. The first step towards improvement is t be convinced that we need it. 