THE PAPAL STATES. home recent incidents (says the Times corre spondent) appear to strengthen the impression that the Pope will make an effort to occupy the Romagna. For several nights past troops of the line have left this capital, as also gendarmes in ! grent numbers, both infantry and cavalry ; but few troops, therefore, remain in Rome. Those i who have left are destined, I understand, to re place the Swiss in Perugia, who are to join the j Papal army quartered in Pesaro and the neigh bourhood, amounting in all to about 7000 or S000 men, with their cannons, good or bad. IIow with such a force his Holiness contemplates the reduc tion of provinces inhabited by a brave and war like people, animated by the most hostile senti ments to a government of priests, and g.irri.soned hy volunteers who have been under discipline for many mouths, and many of them exposed to the hardships of war in Lombardy, I cannot say. The army of Romagna is here said to amount to 20,000 men, under the command of General Fanti, while Garibaldi has the command in chief of all the Italian army, both of the Duchits and tlu Romagna. Nor must I forget to state that the Romagnolio are punctually paid, well lodged, well furnished with, arms anil cannon iu great abundance and of the best quality. All these facts would make it appear lo be highly impro bable that the Papal Government would undertake an enterprise so little likely to succeed. The ad vocates of this Government, however, maintain the probability of a French occupation of Anemia, so as to put a larger force at the disposal of the Pope, and the return of the Duke of Modena with Austrian troops iu the uniform of his own house. Leaving, however, such speculations, which if ever verified, will greatly compromise the Empe ror of the French, that which I can assure you to be positive is that the Pope, within the last lew days, speaking to a person admitted to his confi dence on the critical position in which he was placed, observed : ' Cardinal Antonelli is to be blamed for all ; it is wished to change the Secre tary of State. I would do so ; hut what is to be done ; none of the Cardinals will accept the office.' This is true enough. Cardinal della Genga, who was presrnt, said — ' He who is the cause of his misfortunes must weep by himself; let him who placed himself and us in these diffi culties think of the host way of getting out of them.' The Pope added — ?' It is wished that I should give a Constitution ; I would do so, hut how can 1 without running the danger of see- in' Rome inundated with my enemies through the deputies who would be elected ill the provinces ? It is desired also to give effect to the project ot Portici — that of sending five Cardinals as 'egat.es a latere — thus dividing the State into five distinct and large compartments, destroy ing the system of centralisation, and ren dering the provinces independent of Rome. B'jt how can this be done now that a new and a large debt has been incurred ? We have no means of providing for the dignity of these five Courts of ihe Legations, and for all the new exigencies which would be created hy these institutions.' Die observations of the Pope were so confiden tial that the person addressed had the courage to remind his Holiness of the danger of preserving ihe Cardinal Antonelli iu power, . who has fallen nto such discredit both at home and abroad. 'I know it, I know it,' said the Pope. ' lie himself inly now was regretting to me the injuries which the foreign press published against him in journals ind in pamphlets, and I did not conceal from him :hat the conduct of his brothers, notorious for their acquisition ol wealth, had procured for him jnd preserved many enemies. But the Cardinal continues to say that he has nothing in common with his brothers, and that were he to attompt to restrain them, it would be only giving confirma tion to stories which are false. I was compelled to be silent,' said the Pope, ' for he is blinded by the interests of his family.' From this dis course, which is true, it results that the Pope has himself good intentions, that he has not decided, nor is he in any way to decide, on any step ; that Antonelli has rendered himself necessary, and that the clerical despotism of this unhappy State is likely to continue. The Monitore di Bologna denies in the most formal manner, and with justly indignant empha sis, the infamous calumnies of the priestly and legitimist Press, with regard lo certain alleged acts of violence committed by the patriotic party, particularly the assault on a convent at Vemicchio the assassination of two priests, and the murder of a Bolognese nobleman in his own house. All these stories arc declared hy the organ of the patriotic Government to he ' impudent false hoods ;' and the clerical press is challenged to give names and dates. So much for the veracity of the organs of his Holiness and the right divine. Now let us read what a letter from Rome, in the Univers, contains for our edification? Some persons have from evil designs endea voured to spread the rumour that the Holy Father is seriously ill ; but your readers will learn with pleasure that the general health of the Pope is in nowise affected by the complaint in the leg, which for some time past has forced him to take repose. His sojourn at Castel Gondoffo, where the air is excellent, will, it is hoped, soon restore him to his usual avocations. The ceremony in honour of the nativity of the Most Holy Virgin has just been celebrated according to ancient custom in the beautiful church of Santa Maria del Popolo, in pre sence of the cardinals, prelates, and magistrates now at Rome. Although small, this church is deco rated with a richness and tasto worthy of the piety of the faithful towards tho Mother of God. Pintu ricchio ornameuted it with paintings full of graco and poetry ; Rnphael designed it in a chapel sur mounted by a cupola, and placed in it a pieco of sculpture by himself; Maratta, Caravaggio, and Carrachi have in it pictures moro brilliant than pious ; and Bernini has placed in it somo laboured pieces of sculpture by the aide of the chasto produc tions of Sansovino. According to tradition, Pope Pascal II. founded tho church of St. Mary, in order to free tho peoplo from Bomo phantoms nnd nocturnal visions which woro Baid to be produced by the corpse of Nero, who was buried, as Suetcniua relates, in the hill now called Pincio. In reoalling to mind the tradition, 1 could not help thinking that if thia ghost of the infamous Emperor no longer comes to torment tho Romans, his spirit seems to have descended on the present race of re volutionists. What, for example, has Mazzini to envy in Nero ? QutANiirvAfj Etiiorios.— Rumour is busy with nuiues of possibio opponents to Mr Forater for Quean boyan ; amongst tbo real Is that of Mr Charles Oowper, jun. All this, however, ia so much idle talk, and it does not at present appear likely that nny opposition will really bti made to Mr Fowler's reeleoiion. — Qoulburn Chronicle. Fatal Accidbnt at Beisbane.— On Friday last a boat containing Mr James Orr, William Dowling, anil — Slcgget, wns unfortunately capsized in a severe squf.ll. Tho rigging had foulud, and Sloggct endeavoured to right it hy going up the mait, when tlio top weight aud wind upset tho boat. Orr and Dowling managed to reach thu shore, and Sloggct waa within twenty ymds of it wbon ho was obsoi'vo.l to go down, Tho unfoitunute mat) came out as matu in tlio (Itentaimer, aud leaves u widow in a stato of prognancy.— fouth Australia. At L)tultou, Now Zealand, a Mr Gregg, u settlor, lias been poisoned by his wife. The affair seoins to have excited a groat sensation in that locality. A farm servant, in thu deceased man's employ at tho time of his death, and bctweoit whom and Sirs. Gregg a criminal intimacy nppoms to Uuvu sprung up, is also in custody on suHjiiciuu of boing an accomplice in the crime. 