CATHOLIC PROSPECTS IN NEW ' ZEA LAND. WHOLESOME LESSONS. Without wishing to make invidious com parisons, we feel bouml to publish our ex pression of joy and surpriso at the spirit of liberality and cordial affability now existing in tho neighbouring colony of New Zealand, between the Catholic Bishop of Auckland and her Majesty's Governor-in-Chicf, Sir J.' Goro Browne. As Protestantism, wherever it happens to set its foot, is sure to parade the seemingly all-efficacious mode of Chris tianising nations, namely, by the propagation of the bible and bible societies, so in the colony of New Zealand as well as in New South Wales, have these societies held their periodical meetings to balance their accounts of debit and credit, and to propose plans for the further accomplishment of their darling project — the multiplication of their great notorious missionary talisman, tho Protestant bible. At such meetings it is the invariable nvnnfirta +r\ nrjT rlnwn 'PflTlPW. tO TOVile the Pope as Antichrist, and to extol Protestant ism. Bigoted anti-Catholic feelings here predominate and have full scope for expres sion, often breaking forth with galling force to the annoyance and disgust of Catholics ; the slightest encouragement is sufficient to .make us the most abused and idolatrous race upon the earth. Such was the character of the bible meeting held in Sydney some two months ago, when the Governor-General took the chair. Quietly listening to the long tirade fulminated against us by a set of illiberal churchmen, he offered not a word of objection, but suffered the insult and the ignominy lo pass uy wiluuuu tuiuuiciii, «*un consequently with silent approval. Judging from his own antecedent outrage of our feel ings,' on occasion of his warning the young men of Sydney aguinst the errors , of the, Church of Home, he must have rather taken a pride than otherwise at the uncliantabie onslaught made upon us at that meeting by his fellow-Protestants who were present. ? The conduct of his Excellency the Go vernor of New Zealand, at a similar meeting in Auckland, forms a noble and refreshing contrast to this illiberal and bigoted course of action. No sooner are the remarks ma do at that meeting found to be objectionable and insulting to a large and. loyal part of her Majesty's subjects, than his Excellency forthwith apprises the committee of the bible society that ho cannot and will not preside again at any meeting where such conduct is liable to be repeated. A most gentlemanly letter of apology is despatched to Dr. Pom pallier, the Catholic Bishop, regretting that expressions should have been used offensive to Catholics, and most consolatory compli ments are interchanged between them. This wise policy on the Governor's part, and which no doubt ho considers in accordance with his duty as her Majesty's representative, together with the manly assertion of his rights on the part of tho Bishop, ought to serve as a salutary legpon to men in power in Sydney, both civil and ecclesiastical. For, whilst we condemn our Governor for his partisan behaviour, we must also regret the loss of a fine opportunity of placing this bible question in its true light before the eyes of our non-Catholic fellow- colonists. Who shall estimate the amount of good that might have been effected, in removing Protestant prejudices, had the Archbishop seen fit to issue a pastoral on the occasion, and so ex hibit to Protestants, in a manner that would have attracted universal attention, the true position of this question in respect of Ca-, tholicity, and which in the absence of so ef- \ fectual a means of at once and for ever; silencing these bigots, it has been left to one or two writers to attempt, in the columns of this journal, where, we fear, few Protes tants will care to search for them. There is another great source of congra tulation for us in finding that in the above mentioned colony of New Zealand a spirit of union and co-operation seems to actuate both clergy and laity in the discharge of thoso duties of charity and public service which the religion of Christ sanctions and encourages so warmly in the faithful. Tho pastoral for 1859, lately issued by his Lord ship Bishop Pompallier, contains in it mat ter, which we shall be glad to lay before our mnJora ;™ Uaur Smith WnlpR ?innsirmftri as it appeals to the generosity, good-will, and zealous co-operation of every lay member of the church, inviting them, one and all, to assist in propagating the seeds of Catholicity in that now rising prosperous colony. Dr. Pomnallier seems thoroughly to understand the inestimable advantages to be derived from the earnest mutual exertions of clergy and laity. He therefore lends the latter his unbounded confidence, and, as a natural con sequence, secures theirs in return. This happy state of things now existing, despite the many seeming difficulties that have so long agitated in those parts, predict clearly the good results likely to emanate from tho adoption of this prudent policy. Already has the good seed shot above the ground, and thus calls forth the congratulatory feelings of his Lordship : — All ! dearly beloved, lor ttie snice ot your soms, for the love of Jesus Christ, who has redeemed them, for the love of tho Church who has made them Christian by Baptism, do co-operate efficaciously in the support of the holy Ministry with your canonical Pastors. Co-operate efficaciously also under their direction, united to ours, in the erection of Churches, of Schools, of Presbyteries, and of other buildings, cither of education or of charily for the poor, the orphan, and the sick, and not less for the maintenance of the Bishoprick itself, that is established by the Holy Ghost, to give direction and heavenly food to all the mystical Body of Christ, to all His Flock, IT If lnmKci nml 1-1 1 D cllHOrV 111 tlllQ l~linr-t-«JP tf% tilt! laity and clergy altogether, in the name of that Blessed Saviour, the Master of all Pastors ami flocks, and the source of all Pastoral authority. All securities, canonical and civil, as registrations and witnesses, for your liberalities intrusted to us, in the officiality of our Archdeaconry, are an object of obligation for us specially, and for, the Priests Members of that office so important for Ecclesiastical Administration. Any other means also of security that would meet the approbation of the Church, as a measure of prudence which we could hnoiv, would not be neglected by us in this our new Diocese. His earnest desire to see the laity coop eratinc; efficaciously for the causo of religion in that country is fully expressed in the body of the Pastoral : — We rejoice in God for the vast cultivation that has been done ; for the fruits of faith and Christian virtues, that have been already gathered j and lor the great hopes of increasing spiritual harvest of sanc tified souls. We rejoice also to see Seminarists being educated for Priesthood, not only in Seminaries abroad, but in our own College of the Diocese at Auckland. From this we percoivo that encouragement and scope for zeal are given to the laity, that they aro here exhorted to render themselves useful in all secular matters conducive to tho benefit of tho Church, such as' the erection of schools, churches, presbyteries, and all- es- tablishments of education, religion, and charity. How desirable such a stato of things must be, in a country so far from the centre of Christianity, and where the union of clergy and laity is the pure guarantee and safeguard of our holy religion, it is needless to inform our readers. But if in a young colony like New Zealand, where heresy and Paganism have both simultaneously to bo combated, where the clergy are scattered far apart from one another; and where the means are lamentably inadequate to the great de mand for religious administration— -if, in that colony, we any, religion is in p. most favour able state of progression, and that without state-aid, how comes it that we in New South Wales, who have ttato-aid, where Ca tholics are so numerous, and where there are or. montr ?:pnlniia in tlipir rloRivpa fnr tllA pro motion of the cause of our holy Chnrch, and so willing to show activity in every thing that may conduce to raise their social condi tion, are checked in our exertions and good intentions, and disappointed in our hopes of seeing Catholic affairs flourishing, or even keeping pace with those of other religious bodies that surround us? Wo have only one bishop throughout the colony — our priests are five times less numerous than they ought to be and could be — and educa tional establishments, where are they? Education, tho great and loud demand for which resounds far and wide over the colony, is not progressing. A university is estate lished here in Sydney, it is true, but we are almost unrepresented either by masters or pupils. Protestants are taking the lead in ; every thing, conducive to the moral and in, tellectual improvement of the people. Thoy. have already a college in the university and students residents there, the Grammar School is virtually in their hands, in fact. our educational resources can bear no com parison whatever with theirs. Private schools, moreover, swarm in and about Syd ney, where Protestants can prooure a liberal education for their children, while we, on the other. hand, have but one, where students may prepara'for matriculation, but where at present, unfortunately, we cannot boast of a' a single undergraduate ; and, until we can, what guarantee will the people have of. our ability to conduct educational establishments at all, or what hope will they entertain that our social position is on the way to improve ment? From the expression of Catholic feeling in Sydney for the last year or two, and the earnest desire manifested to copy the zeal and energy now actuating the people in the mother country, there cannot be the shadow of a doubt that, with proper organization amongst us, and some master mind among the clerical body to aid and direct our move ments — some one who would identify himself with us, who would look to our welfare almost in preference to his own, iu fact who would almost 'lay down his life for his flock' — a change Would be effected in our affairs that would render us the admiration and the envy of all the denominations throughout the colony. We believe in a 'good time coming,' but the trial of patience in expecting it is almost beyond the test of endurance. ? St. John s uollkoe. — j-ir. James uart, Esq.yM:L.A;,'was on Monday evening- elected to tho office of Fellow of St. John's College, vacated by Roger Thei- ry, Esq., bur' late Primary Judge. Tasmania.— Catholic Church, O'Brien's Bridoe.-— The new Catholic Church of St. John the Baptist was opened for Divine Service on Shrove Tuesday- for the first time. There were present on me occasion me jjoni Disnop or nouart io»n, me Vicar-General, the Rev. W. Hall, the Rev. Messrs. Bond, Wood, Huuter, Ryan, and Dunn. The church was crowded to excess by a large number of the inhabitants of the district as. well as a great many visitors from Hobart Town. The Rev. Mr. Bond preached an excellent discourse, and made a powetlul appeal to the liberality of the congregation. The holy Saciifice of the Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Mr. Hall j the collection on the occasion amounting to £80. Mr. Hooke presided at the harmonium, and the choir from St. Joseph's .sang selections from Haydn and Von Brie. The church, which is picturesquely situated, is a handsome ovipnimpn nf tlm nlkin (rothin st.vle. n.nd consists nf n. nave, porch, chaucel, and sacristy. In the chancel is placed a very beautiful altar, handsomely carved and richly gilded and decorated, designed and con structed by Mr. Hunter. Under the chancel-arch is placed a decorated screen and rood. The length of the church is 58 feet, and width 19 feet, and it will accommodate about 200 persons. The building is ui lruesiuue, uuu is suuaicu uu fjun ui me maiicii burn estate. The cost of building will he £800, of which a large portion has been paid, leaving but a small debt which will soon be wiped off. The architect is Mr. Henter, of Macquarie-street, who also superintended the building ; and it teflects great credit on his abilities as an architect. — Hobart Town Advertiser, March 9. St. Patrick's Day in the Country Dis tricts. — At Ynss, as tho report which we extract from tho t Courier shows, the festival of Ireland's National' Saint was duly honoured. A report of similar festivities at Bathurat appears in the Bath urst Free Press, William Cummings, Esq., of Jloar Creek in tho chair, supported by William Lee, Esq., M.P., on tho ono side, and J. ]?. Clements nn 4-ltn nfliai- A li/\ii t~. Hi ct\ \ f t» riCii*anTifl xvtivn Y\r*nac\r\h UU LUC UllUUll AA.Ul/UL' VjtgllU* U^IUUUO IICIU |;-UdVII ') representing tho different creeds and portions of tho United Kingdom. The usual loyal and na tional toasts were drunk. 'Tho Memory of Daniel O'Connoll' was proposed in an eloquent speech by Mr. M'Q-irr. Ladies composed a duo propor tion of tho company ; and after the tables had been removed, dancing was commenced and kept up until morning, when the company separated. Tho ifaitland Mercury also reports tho banquet which took place at Maitlnnd on tho occasion; at which Dr. M'Cartney oceupiod tho chuir. . Sovoral members of the Sydney bar, then in AfniHnml nf.tondinp' tho. Circuit Court, wore present. Mr. Faucett replied ,to tho toast of St. Patrick'9 Day. After a very pleasant evoning, the party broko up. The Hon. C. G. Duffy has withdrawn from Mr. O'Shanassy's Cabinet. The correspon dent of the Herald states that all classes regret his cessation, and regard the step as most damaging to the cabinet. Mr. Duffy, in a letter to the Argus explaining jthe cause of his lesignation, denies cer tain statements put forward to the effect that his reasons for resigning were ' of a personal and not a political character.' In alluding to this statement, the lion, gentleman intimates that the report has been got up by unfair means:; by whom is not stated. He states emphatically that the alienation of feeling which led to his resignation was purely political. The land question was the point iu dispute. Mr. Duffy could not agree to the policy of his colleagues, to throw large quantities of public lands at once on the market under the existing regulations ; he would reserve the disposal of the agricultural lands for future legislation. One statement in the letter is remarkable— that Mr. Duffy had lost the friendship of Mr. JO'Shanassy, the Premier, having got the idea that Mr. Duffy was acting in secret concert with the convention. After explaining that during the sitting of Parhamentjhe coulu not in houorresign, the Government being in daily peril, theletter'pro ceeds, ' When the House rose I ehud intimated to me, for the first time, various new or postponed grounds of dissatisfaction, involving, of course, the eternal qucstionofnotEelling more agricultural land. These complaints were eo trivial that they dis appeared like dust befuro the first breath ot expla nation. But a new fact unhappily revealed itself to mo in the course of discussion — that the Chief Secretary desired to make it impossible for vna to re main in the Government without personal discredit and humiliation. On this conviction, there was but ono course open to me, I immediately tendeied my resignation,' 