COLONIAL MARKETS. MELBOURNE FLOUR AND GRAIN MARKET-The demand for flour has somewhat improved since the termination of thE Christmas holidays and during the past week orders in the aggregate of considerable amount have come in from the Gee- long and gold fields markets, which have materially reduced the stocks of old colonial flour, as well as absorbed a considerable portion of the new lately received from Adelaide. The barrel flour recently landed from the United States, has not as yet been offered in the market, Prices may be quoted as follows :- Adelaide, £17 to £18 10s., Tasmanian, still scarce, £17 to £17 10s , Chilian, £18; and Haxall and Gallego, 42s per barrel. Wheat of the new crop of our produce has not as yet reached the mills. Parcels from South Australia realise from 7s 9d to 7s 10d per bushel, but there is not, just now, much demand for this grain. The parcel of 12,000 bushels, per Giant's Causeway, from Glasgow, is in the market, but no sales have as yet been effected. Oats, of the new crop, are barely to hand as yet ; prices are, however, quoted from 6s to 6s 6d per bushel. Scotch and Irish are selling at from 4s 8d to 5s. Cal- cutta have been sold at auction at 5s. 2d to 5s. 3d., and Cali- fornia at 5s. to 5s. 1d per bushel. Barley continues very dull ; California, 4s. ; new Cape, 5s., ditto English, 5s. 6d. Bran continues in steady demand, and sells readily at from 1s. 11d. to 2s. for Adelaide, on the wharf - Maize: The imports of this article, have fallen off, and thus caused a better feeling in the market, and consequently readier sale, prices ruling from 6s. 2d. to 6s. 3d per bushel - Gram : Parcels of fresh and good quality find buyers at from £11 15s. to £12 6s. per ton. About 5000 bags, damaged have been placed at auction at from £9 to £9 10s. per ton - The mills : Millers report a steady trade through- out the week, although at somewhat easier rates. Quotations are - Fine flour, £18 10s. per ton, wheat, 7s 9d to 8s 3d per bushel ; bran, 2s per bushel -Argus, January 17 MELBOURNE HAY MARKET -Mr James Fenton reports :-- Our market continues to be overstocked, nor can we get it cleared with all our exertions - the fact is evident that, if the present rush continues, our present prices will get a complete somersault. I have got through 367 loads at the following prices :-- Best, £9 to £10 ; second and inferior, £5 10s. to £7 ; straw, £4 1os. Messrs Butler and Moss state - The business of the past week has been very unsatisfactory, twenty to thirty loads being daily left unsold. The excessive supply noted weekly for some time would scarcely bear out the report of short crops, if it were not stated, on the other hand, that many far- mers unfortunately are necessitated to quit a portion of their produce to meet current expenses. But hay, although in good demand, has slightly declined, inferior and stained, at a greater reduction. The annexed are quotations ruling through- out the week :-- Best hay, £9 to £10, second and inferior, £5 to £8 10s. ; straw, £5 to £5 10s - Melbourne Herald, January 17. MELBOURNE STOCK MARKET -Fat Cattle -The supply at market this week has been considerable ; the sales of inferior class were somewhat dull, but prime lots were of ready sale at last week's prices. First quality may be quoted from 30s. to 32s 6d. per 100 lbs, or from £10 to £13 per head. Second quality, 20s. to 25s. per 100 lbs. or £6 10s. to £9 per head. Messrs. Dalmahoy, Campbell, and Co. announce having dis- posed of 286 head of second quality bullocks, from £6 10s. to £12 15s. ; cows, from £5 10s. to £9 5s. ; 299 head of similar quality bullocks, from £6 11s. ; cows, from £4 15s. to £9 ; and 134 head of inferior, at an average of £5 5s. Store Cattle :-- Large numbers are close at hand, but buyers are few. Mr Charles Brown reports having sold 400 head store cattle, rather more cows than bullocks, from three to six years old, delivered on the Murray, at £4 per head, terms six mouths ; and Messrs D. Campbell and Co report having disposed of the following stock, viz. :- 20 head of short- horn cattle, the property of Robert M'Dougall, Esq , Glenroy -cows from £20 to £80, two year-old heifers from £20 to £40, and one year-old heifers from £10 to £21. There were three young bulls in the lot, which realised £40, £45, and £75 respectively. Also, three colonial bred two-year old bulls at £52 10s. each, and one at £105, the property of Wm. Lyall, Esq , of Frogmore. Fat Sheep -The market was fully supplied, the better class were of tolerably ready sale, at about last week a prices, but inferior were difficult of sale, even at moderate rates. We quote wethers 14s. 6d. to 20s. ; ewes. 12s. 6d. to 14s. each. A flock of ewes and wethers, of fair quality, were disposed of by Messrs D Campbell & Co., wethers at from £17 to £18, and ewes, at 14s. each. Store sheep were in good inquiry ; owing, however, to the absence of arri- vals from New South Wales, there have been no sales of import- ance. Mr Charles Brown reports having sold 2000 maiden ewes, shorn, for shipment to New Zealand, 13s. each. Messrs. Power and Rutherford sold 1100 large framed wethers, at 15s, each. Horse Market -This market has shown considerable improvement, mid sales have been effected with greater brisk- ness, owing, in great measure, to the arrivals of fresh stock from the country. Messrs E. Row and Co. report sales of good staunch light harness horses at from £25 to £35, hacks at from £15 to £25, and heavy draught at from £30 to £65 per head ; also, an unbroken mob from the Lachlan, at from £6 to £45 ; and a mob from the station of James Hunter, Esq., at from £6 to £23 each. Messrs Dougherty and Co have disposed of a lot of good colts, but small and young, at from £22 1os. to £28, second class draught horses from £26 to £42, inferior £14 to £25, and hacks at from £10 to £24, according to condition. Also, a mixed lot of station horses, from the Edward River, 28 head, consisting of old stock horses, mares with foals at foot, and unbroken colts and fillies, at from £2 10s to £27, all in low condition. The first draught of 32 light harness and saddle horses, small, in fair order, from Mr Andrew Paterson's station. Yass, at from £4 to £27, averaging £14 13s. ; and the second draught from the same station, 20 head, at from £3 to £20 each; and Messrs Lotherington and Co. effected sales of a number of heavy draught horses at from £52 to £110 per head -Argus, Jan. 17. ADELAIDE MARKETS -The produce market remains firm. For flour there has been some enquiry for the Melbourne mar- ket. The price, however, remains steady at £15 to £15 10s., and little business has been actually done. Wheat is still in demand for shipping orders, and as the quantity brought in by farmers is small, the millers and factors are giving a shade higher prices; 6s. 2d. and 6s. 3d. has been given in town, and at the port the price is firm at 6s. 6d. Barley, Cape, 3s. 9d. ; ditto English, 5s. -- S.A. Register, Jan 13 LAUNCESTON MARKETS JAN 12 - Wheat, 8s. per bushel, oats, 5s. 6d. to 5s 9d. ; barley - Cape 6s. 6d. , English 7s. ; hay -- loose £6 to £7 per ton, pressed £8 10s ; potatoes, £9 per ton The Mills --Union : First flour, per ton, £20 ; seconds ditto, £17 10s. ; bran, 1s. 8d. to 1s. 10d. ; wheat, 8s. to 8s. 6d. per bushel. Tamar : Flour, £19 ; seconds, £17 ; wheat bought at 8s. ; bran, a Exeter Mill : Fine flour, £20 ; seconds, £17 10s. ; bran. 1s. 6d. to 1s. 8d. ; wheat, 8s, best samples - Launceston Examiner. HOBART TOWN MARKETS, JAN. 12- The continued scarcity of wheat serves to maintain present quotations, 8s. 6d. to 8s. 9d. per bushel, and 9s. is still occasionally given for very prime samples. Colonial oats sold to day at 5s. 6d., and a small lot of Cape barley, not a first-rate sample, fetched. 4s. per bushel English barley meets with no inquiry. Loose bay ranges from £5 to £6 1os. per ton, according to quality, and country pressed from £6 to £6 10s. Potatoes are quoted at £10 to £11 per ton. The advices that came to hand from Melbourne this morning have produced no effect upon the flour market, and the ad- vanced prices still rule, in consequence of the scarcity of wheat. Fine flour sells at £19 to £20 per ton, according to quantity Bran, 1s. to 2s. per bushel -Mercury. AN EMBEDDED TORTOISE -We learn that yesterday a tor- toise was found embedded in a rock, by the workmen engaged on the railway extension. The party were at work near Mrs. Pilcher's, and in blasting a piece of rock, seventeen feet below the surface, a tortoise, about three inches long, was found, alive. The tortoise, and its late rooky domicile, can be seen at the office on the extension works. MAITLAND SCHOOL OF ARTS.—On Thursday evening the Rev. J. S. White delivered the usual monthly lecture, at the School of Arts, West Maitland. The subject was " Somatology, or the Essential properties of Bodies." The lecturer in his in- troductory observations spoke of the extensive range of physi- cal science, and of its two great divisions, viz., natural history, treating of the organised and natural philosophy, dealing with inorganic bodies. The subject of the lecture, " Somato- logy " referred to the properties of bodies, whether organised or not organised-and more especially those properties which were inseparable from matter, whether of the one kind or of the other—those properties without which the existence of matter could not be conceived. Those properties were six in number, viz, impenetrability, extension, figure, divisibility, inertia, and porosity. The lecturer then proceeded to afford definitions of each of these properties in succession, adding familiar illustra- tions to set forth their nature more clearly. The property of impenetrability, by which a body occupies a certain space to the exclusion at the time of any other body, was shewn to exist in the case of some apparent exceptions ; and was exem- plified by reference to the displacement of water through the immersion of solid bodies, and even of a fluid, as in the instance of the air in an inverted tumbler. Extension, involving length, breadth, and height or depth ; and figure by which all bodies presented a certain form, whether regular or irregular, were briefly adverted to. Divisibility-the property by which bodies were susceptible of indefinite, though not of infinite division, was abundantly illustrated by many instances familiar to all, and the distinction between molecules, or particles susceptible of further division, and atoms, or the ultimate particles of matter, was pointed out. Inertia, the property which rendered bodies indifferent alike to a state of rest or a state of motion until in- fluenced by external agency, occupied a considerable portion of the lecturer's attention. The chief agencies in causing bodies to remain in a state of rest, viz., the attraction of the earth and the resistance of the atmosphere, were alluded to, as were the laws of action and reaction, and the results of the impact of bodies in motion upon other bodies, whether in motion or at rest. The lecturer spoke of the porosity of bodies, and, in con- nection with it, their compressibility, and the phenomena of contraction and expansion through the withdrawal or the com- munication of heat. He apologised for not having lectured on the subject he had at first named-Astronomy ; but trusted that at some future time he would be enabled to do so. A vote of thanks to the lecturer having been passed, the President an- nounced that the next lecture would be delivered by Mr Samuel Baker, on " The Modern Poets, ' that night month. MAITLAND MECHANICS INSTITUTE.—A lecture was de- livered at the Court house, East Maitland in connection with this institution, on Tuesday evening, by Mr. T. W. Robinson, the subject being "Hamlet.' The lecturer commenced by giving a brief sketch of the life of Shakespeare, who, he said, arose in an age when the minds of men were awakening to the most animated exertions, to silence the legendary oracles of the hard and the minstrel, to regulate the wildness of romantic fiction, to put to flight the phantoms of allegory, and to ad- vance original poetry almost to perfection. His advent was hailed with delight by the people then living, and his works would be read with enthusiasm as long as water ran and grass grew. The lecturer paid a graceful tribute to his memory, and then drew the attention of his audience to the tragedy of Hamlet. He briefly described the plot in working it out Shakespeare had summoned forth all his innate dramatic genius and taste. The character of Hamlet was a difficult one to pourtray. He was a scholar, his manners were popular, his address unrivalled, and his eloquence polished and persuasive. Such a combination could not fall to obtain for him a large share of influence, as witness the language of Ophelia, who be- lieved that his madness was real. He was a soldier also, and was brave to a fault. He was guided not by the impulse of mere animal passion, but by the dictates of a high moral sense and a well disciplined and correct judgment. He was patient, enduring without a murmur the privations aud hardships which fell to his lot. He was prudent and generous ; and, above all, his filial piety, as exemplified in his life, proved him to be a character, taking into consideration the age in which he lived, beautified and dignified by much that was amiable and noble, and defaced by little that was bad or even ques- tionable. With reference to his madness, the lecturer believed that it was feigned only, and in support of this view alluded to several passages. In the first act, after the scene of the ghost, he prepares his two friends, Horatio and Marcellus, for the part he intended to play ; and again, when he urged the Queen not to allow the King to worm from her the fact that his madness was not real. When alone he appeared to reason clearly and consistently, though perhaps inconclusively. At the close of that beautiful soliloquy, " to be, or not to be, " — the most heart- absorbing one ever written-he is surprised to find that he had been overheard by Ophelia, and he begins then to speak incoherently. The lecturer alluded to other instances also. He recommended his hearers to read the play with care and attention. It was a piece well fitted for the production of dramatic effect. Its openiug scene where the ghost appears was impressive, and in it were presented all the chief character- istics ; of the sublime. In the subsequent appearances of the ghost the poet not only guards against an anti- climax, but ex- cites renewed interest in its revelations. The lecturer then alluded to the other characters in the play. Horatio was a gentleman and a scholar, and the firm friend of Hamlet. In Polonlus the highest wisdom and knowledge of mankind was united with the garrulity of imbecile old age ; yet he did not babble. He was a thorough faced diplomatist. Ophelia he de- fended from the accusations put forth by Goethe. The minor characters were also noticed. The lecturer concluded by saying that the readers of this fine drama must rise from it warmed by nobler thoughts, and with a feeling of wonder at the creative mind that produced it. That mind was ably described in the language of Hamlet, " How noble in reason ! How infinite in faculties ! In action, how like an angel ! In apprehension how like a god !" Mr Robinson, during the lecture, recited several passages in a manner which called from his audience repeated bursts of applause. He was listened to with attention, and evidently with pleasure. At its conclusion a vote of thanks was unanimously accorded, and the meeting separated. NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WEST MAITLAND -The celebra- ation of the first marriage in the above chapel, took place on Friday, the 21st inst. The bridegroom, Mr William Randal Foster son of Mr Robert Foster, of Woodville, the bride Miss Susannah Gill, daughter of Mr William Gill of Dunmore. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. W. T. Mayne, with great solemnity ; and witnessed by some few visitors, besides those of the wedding party. At the close of the service, the rev. gentleman presented the newly married pair with a large bible, accompanying its presentation with an appropriate address. The Bible bears the following Inscription :--" Pre- sented to William Randel Foster, and Susannah Gill, by the Rev. W. T. Mayne, on the occasion of their marriage, theirs being the first celebrated in the New Wesleyan Chapel, West Maitland. 21st January, 1859' A DUEL.—A ludicrous "affair of honor" is said to have oc- curred on Thursday evening. The spot chosen was a retired paddock near the Railway Terminus. The principals are pretty well known. We have not heard the origin of the quarrel, but presume it was about some fair lady. Two shots were ex- changed; at the last fire, one fell. The other principal ran up, and seeing the bloody condition of his prostrate foe, uttered an ejaculation of mercy, held up his hands to Heaven, and, hearing a groan, turned his back and fled. His exit was hailed with a roar of laughter. It is needless to say that the affair was a hoax. A concoction of red paint, promptly and effect- ually applied at the moment of the fire, had done all the damage. The runaway was seen about two hours after, closely buttoned, and apparently in disguise, disconsolately roaming through the secluded spots of the town—a sadder, if not a wiser man. THE CASE OF THE CLERK OF THE BENCH AT ARMIDALE.— Mr. Day left Maitland on Tuesday for Armidale, to inquire into and report upon the case of the clerk of the bench at Armidale. INQUIRY AT MUDGEE.—Mr Hargraves, the gentleman ap- pointed to enquire into the conduct of certain of the Mudgee magistrates, arrived last week. The inquiry, which is now pending, is carried on at the Police Office, with closed doors.— Mudgee newspaper, January 18.—[Why with closed doors? — Ed. M. M.] A LAD DROWNED. — On Wednesday an inquest was held at Aberglasslyn, by Dr. McCartney, on the body of Charles Gall, a lad of fourteen years old, in the employ of Mr. M. Stapleton, a farmer there. Gall had been left in charge of Stapleton's house on Sunday, during the absence of the family at church, but foolishly, and contrary to the advice of a companion, John Darcy, he bathed in the river, although he could not swim, and the river was high, from a fresh. He soon got into water too deep for him, and called for help, but Darcy could not reach him from the depth of the water, and when a man arrived, alarmed by the boy's cries, Gall had sunk and was drowned. The body was not found till Wednesday morning. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. DEATH BY THE ROAD-SIDE OF A BLIND MAN.—On Wednes- day on inquest was held by Dr. McCartney, at Mr Crawford's, Bishop's Bridge, on the body of a man, name unknown. A blind man, apparently about sixty years of age, stopped at Mr. Henry Nichols's at Bishop's Bridge, on Monday, coming there on a dray; he told Mr. Nichols he had been in the hospital, and was then on his way to the Hawkesbury, by way of the Wollombi. He appeared to have no means. On Tuesday morning he left Mr. Nichols's, being put into the right road by one of his children. The old man does not seem to have been seen again alive, but just before sundown that day James Bar- low, of Sawyer's Gully, was told by Alexander Little that a man was lying drunk by the road-side. Barlow went up and examined the man, and found him dead, and cold. He watched the body that night, and sent word to the police and the coroner. A faithful dog also watched the dead body of his master, and would allow no one to touch it, until at last he was tied up. No money or anything to trace who he was, was found on the body. He had told Mr Nichols that he knew the family of the Bridges, at Wollombi. A verdict of found dead was returned by the jury. FIRE AT OSWALD.—On Tuesday last a barn and some out- buildings, the property of a settler residing at Oswald, Harper's hill were burned to the ground. It appeared that a young child by some means obtained a match, and lighting it against the barn ignited the straw, which momentarily blazed up. Beyond the loss of the building, some straw and a little barley, no further damage was sustained. The loss is estimated at about £40. TOLLS ON THE NORTHERN ROAD.—On Thursday, at East Maitland, Mr. Luke Kingsmill put up the tolls by auction for public competition. The Campbell's Hill toll bar was knocked down to Mr. Thomas Moore for £1470, but as he was not pre- pared with the required sureties the sale was invalid. It was again put up, but there were no bidders. For the Morpeth and Black Creek toll bars there were also no bidders. We notice that a document has been posted at the Court House requesting parties to send in tenders for the tolls on or before the 27th instant to Captain Martindale's office, Sydney. POLICE BUSINESS.—At West Maitland, on Thursday, there were three cases on the police list. Dr. McCartney and Mr. F. M. Doyle were the sitting magistrates:—At East Maitland, yesterday, they were thirteen cases on the police list. Mr. E. C. Close, jun., and Mr. A. Dodds were the sitting magistrates. ROSTER.—At West Maitland, on Thursday, Mr. Green com- plained that as no roster for the year had yet been made out, he was unable to tell the days of his sitting at the court. Owing to this he was late that morning, not being aware that it was his day. DRIVING ON THE WRONG SIDE.—Samuel Elwell was yester- day charged by constable Connolly with having committed a breach of the Town's Police Act, by driving a break on the wrong or left side of the road. He was fined 10s. and costs. TOWNS POLICE ACT.—Louis Canter was yesterday charged with allowing three pigs to stray in Newcastle street. The straying was accidental. Case dismissed— John Mason, for allowing seven head of cattle to stray in Lawes street, was fined 10s and costs.—Patrick Hogan and Thomas Kelly were charged with allowing cows to stray in Melbourne street. The former was fined 5s., and the case against the latter, the straying being accidental, was dismissed.—Peter Keighan was fined 3s. and costs for allowing a pig to stray in Newcastle- street.—James Blanch was charged with allowing four pigs to stray in the same street. The pigs broke out of the stye. Case dismissed.—Robert Smith was fined 5s. and costs for turning his pig loose in Newcastle-street. CHARGE OF ASSAULT WITH INTENT TO COMMIT RAPE.— John Leary was on Tuesday charged, at West Maitland, with assault with intent to commit rape. Mr. Woodward, for Mr. Mullen, appeared for the defence. Sergeant Kerrigan deposed that on Tuesday, about two o'clock, two females came to him one of the females, named Bowman, complained that a man had assaulted her in a very shameful manner. She brought him to where she supposed the man was at work; when he went there he had absconded. From information and description, he apprehended the prisoner in a house in Durham street, and brought him to Mrs. Bowman, the complainant, and asked her it that was the man she complained of; she said he was, and could swear to him and then gave him in charge. Witness stated the charge to the prisoner, who, after being cautioned, said he knew nothing about it. The case was then remanded till Thursday. On Thursday, the previous depositions having been read, Mary Dunstan deposed that she saw the prisoner on Monday last. She had gone out that morning for a short time, and when she came home she found the prisoner in her bed with the prosecutrix. She asked him what he wanted, he thereupon ran out with his trousers down; she heard no noise or screaming when she came in, neither did the prosecutrix complain to her, but said she would give the prisoner in charge. The prosecutrix was not in attendance, but was repeatedly called. Mary Anne Bowman, the daughter of the prosecutrix, deposed that she did not know where her mother was. She knew nothing about the case. The prisoner was then discharged. LUCERNE LAND.—Dodds and Co. let by auction, this day 10 acres of land, under lucerne, in East Maitland, for one year certain, at £57. MAINTENANCE.—Neil McGuinness was yesterday charged with refusing to pay for the support of the illegitimate child of Christina Cameron, of which she alleged he was the father. Mr. Minter appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Chambers for the defence. In opening the case Mr. Minter said he had been induced to bring the case again before the bench, as the magistrates had been divided in opinion on the last occasion. Complainant deposed that defendant was the father of her child, a boy of about six weeks old, and that since his birth ino had received no maintenance from defendant, who was a sawyer. She lived in Dunmore, in a house in which there were three rooms. Four persons lived there-her mother, herself, and two sisters—both of whom were married. Had a child before this one, which was three years old, and for which she had never received support from the father. Before going to Dunmore she had lived at Newcastle, where she first met defendant after his arrival in the colony. Whilst in Newcastle knew a man named Fulham; after she came to Dunmore she again saw defendant. Received several letters from Fulham there, and these letters gave to defendant to read and to answer, which he did in her house. Before she returned to Newcastle defendant had had improper intercourse with her. Could not say how long ago it was. Had still some of Fulham's letters. Was courting Fulham at the time they were written, but left him before taking to the defendant. Saw Fulham a little more than four months ago. He did not at that time promise her marriage. She did not tell any body he had, but had told Mary Ross that Fulham was the father of the child, but that statement was untrue. She generally slept in her mother's room, but on that night crept out and went into the front room where defendant was sleeping. Fulham used to sleep in that room when at her mothers. Defendant that night arrived late, and she had got up and let him inn, after he had rapped. He used to come every Saturday night after. Fulham met him there once, and defendant slept with him in that room. Her sister told her that she did wrong in sleeping with defendant, but she said she did not. After these occurrences she went to live with a Mrs. C. Griffith, in Newcastle. She came home after staying there five months.—Catherine Campbell Morgan deposed, she remembered her sister being confined. Was present on one occasion when her sister and defendant were together. McGuinness said " He would learn what to do if she (com- plainant) would swear he was the father." Defendant's wife was then present. Defendant upon that occasion said he was ready to come to court any time about it.—Ann McLean deposed that she was the sister of the prosecutrix. Ten months, and four days from the present time, she saw defendant and her sister on a sofa in the front room. That was nine months and two days before the child was born. She did not tell her sister that she saw her, but went quietly to bed. This closed the prosecution. The witnesses, who were Highlanders, gave much trouble in their examination. In defence, Ann White deposed, that she assisted the complainant when she was confined. She related a conversation which then took place between her and the complainant. The defendant happened to pass by. Mrs. Morgan was present and made some remark. The prosecutor replied, " If I say that do you wish me to suffer the pains of hell." Reference was also made to the child. The defence was then postponed till Tuesday next. MASTERS AND SERVANTS ACT.—Thomas Brown was yes- terday charged with having committed a breach of this Act, by refusing to pay Theodore Miller the sum of £5 15s. due. Complainant was a German, and had been hired as a farm servant. Defendant admitted the debt, but said he had never refused to pay it. He complained bitterly that Miller was an incompetent servant, and wanted the bench to cancel the agree- ment, which was for another year, upon the condition that Miller should pay half the passage-money. The beach declined to interfere, but gave an order for payment of the wages due. WAGES.—James Ranclaud was, yesterday, charged by David Ford with refusing to pay him the sum of £2 17s. 6d. wages due. Complainant deposed that under a written agreement he hired with defendant as bullock driver, at the rate of 15s a week, to go up to Happy Valley. He was nine weeks thus employed. His master had lost £3, and said that on account of that loss he should stop the above sum, which was due. In defence, defen- dant admitted the debt. He said that whilst complainant had been left in charge of the dray up the country £3 had been ab- stracted. For this he had demurred to pay defendant. The bench gave an order for the payment of the sum sought, adding that defendant, if he felt aggrieved, could bring, If he thought proper, a case against Ford. 