1 THE ANGUISH OF ITALY.' ' . ( From the Freeman .) Austji;j is much enraged at the avowed sym pathy of Sardinia with tho sufferings of Italy ; and possibly a lew Englishmen may have thought there was some ground for the complaint ol one independent power lecturing another on its ad ministration ol itsoun territories. This would ordinarily be the case we admit ; but there are J exceptions. We ' lectured' Naples on the atrocity of its administration, and did so with 1 the same government as our worthy coadjutor, which Sardinia now invokes to back her admo nitions to Austria. And there was ground for it, for ive were parties to putting on the throne of the Two Sicilies the IIkkoD who seems to he now giving up the ghost in sorrow at the tidings which reach linn from thu North. But Sardinia has a clearer right to ' lecture' Austria. She was not only a party to the treaties of 1813, but she is an Italian State ; she has ties of brotherhood and the bond of common language to plead when she asks the aliens in blood and language — the unworthy Tentons ol Germany who dishonour the Tuetonic race — to lighten the yoke ot her kindred, Austrin re proaches Sardinia with the fact, that the treaties of 1815, whicR gave I.ombardy to Austria, gave Genoa — and against the will of tliat proud lie public — to Sardinia. Be it so. But does Genoa complain of the brutalities of Sardinian rule I Does she even Bigh (or equality with the other provinces of the kingdom ? Has she not equal representation in the Legislature at Turin ? And has .Sardinia called forth any complaints from Genoa of cruel mal-administration, or of mal administration at all ) Could these questions be answered in the negative, the Powers who placed the Genoese in the hands of Sardinia migl(t fairly have called her 'to account for breach or trust. And it is for breach of the solemnly-implied trusts, for which Austria received six or seven millions of Italians nt the hands of Europe in I8l5, that Europe is bound to call her to account — and that Sardinia is right in asking Europe to do so. Count Cavonr has acknowledged the legal rights (if rights they ought tn be called) Europe could not annihilate the moral rights ol a noble country, and of a race of men far nobler than the stolid and sunken serfs of Austria. Some may think it scarcely credible that Aus trian administrators and soldiers and officers should be so bad as they are represented to be. Yet every peep we net behind the scenes reveals the same startling facts. An evidently trust worthy correspondent of the Spectator, who had resided three years in that country hut a few years ago, in a letter to that journal last week, describes what he knows and has seen. He jays that England could not uphold such a system, but from ignorance of its enormities ; and that, though he could have added many more facts, lie gives those only which tho Penal Code itself, and the Ollicial Gazette of Mi'an, substantiate. By the Penal Code, proceedings are secret ; the defendant of the accused must be'giveu in w ri ting ; the prisoner can claim no defender, nor even a copy of the charges brought against him ! Again, almost all political offences are tried by tho ' Tribunali Stadario,' consisting of German, Groat, and Bohemian military oflicers, ignorant of the Italian language, antl men who, from edu cation, and habit, and national prejudice, detest and scorn the Italian people. Italian witnesses do not comprehend the questions and proceedings carried on in German, and German witnesses all give their testimony against the accused ; so that as the learned author of ' Austria in Germany' remarks, ' the accused, having no one to defend him, may be condemned without knowing his crime, and learn it only when he is informed that, in half-an-hour, the rope will be round his neck.' Another provision ol this detestable code is, that ' in everything relating to the State, the witu shall denounce the hugband, the husband the wife, the child the father, and the father the child, on pain of punishment as accomplices.' Then the punishments ; ' corp :ral punishment forms a fundamental part of this code. High and low, rich and poor, man and woman, are subjected to this degrading treatment.' Not more than fifty blows may be given at once ; for youths under eighteen and women, rods are to be used instead of sticks ; and a recent reform was, that women were to be flogged by women. Havnau must havo wondered tliat the I3auk-siders took so to heart, his woman- flogging in Hungary ! The imprisonment of the third kuid — that under which ' some of the best and noblest Italians are now writhing' — is in a dungeon' with but light and air sufficient to support lite ; the prisoner is loaded with fetters, hand and foot, night and day, and is fastened by n chain to an iron ring riveted nund his waist ; his food is bread and water, no meat, but soup, on alternate days ; his bed is of bare planks, and he is forbidden to speak even to his jailers ? What Englishman can read this — can think of its application to men like Poerio or Silvio Pellico to this day — aud not pronounce that the execration of Christendom ought to drive such worse than savages to their own side of the Alps t Shall Prince Albert, aud shall Mr Disraeli to please him, be permitted to bring us under the slightest of an engagement to use our moral influence, much more our soldiers' and Bailors' lives, on the side of such an enemy of the human race as Austria ? But tho facts mentioned hy the writerare worse than all this — worse than the Draconian code it Belf. We must omit details of name and place. A respectable citizen received forty blows be cause, having one Austrian officer quartered on him, he refused to receive a second, there being abundance of room in the town. The same com manding officer inflicted lortv blows on a poor peasant n few days before, because his faded cravat faintly disclosed three newly washed out colours In 1849, on the Emperor's birth-day, a well known courtezan exhibited the .Austrian flag in a balcony, Some hisses were heard in a crowded street. All the persons by were seized. ' men of high standing and unimpeachable /»barjw*tpr- I ? . i * . ? ? u.u i iKier«f stuueuu, many ot .Whom were probably ignorant of the whole affair, and two young girls, also perfectly respect able — -tile latter were condemned to forty strokes each I 1 ! The sentence was executed instantly, after being pronounced on the public place, in the presence of a troop of Austrian oflicers, who laughed with contemptuous cynicism at the in decent exposure and cries of the victims.' Now the' episode : — ' The military commandant of Milan sent the municipality n bill for £2 19.i Od for 'the expense of ice applied to the swollen lacerated flesh to prevent gangrene, and for the sticks , and rods broken and consumed in the punishment of the seditious.' This system com menced in 1815, and has gone on ever since. Now, we ask — we ask English fathers, English Mayors and Town Councillors — we ask eyery Englishman, whether if aliens in possession of a fourth of England had ever treated its sons and (laughter* thus, the native* of thr- three- i'i-.i'-ih.-i,' especially the native, ot the adioitunt' j itory, would not be iji.-uhkne ! i.) ;:n i'nipl.tc .il.li: wrath which could nppeau-il o:iiv 1 , v the oxjinliioi) of the - ducked i rr, ii o.n (he country they tortured ? j'tohau.' -.i.j.y he impru dent, .Sardinia may have the SOm i j' ...upplnnl - ill;.; Austria, France may a v.: re !?. the position of dominr.nt iniiu'.,a'j -u Italy— bi.t i.n-.i tn.-iddenrd tiy more tli...: .-»i'.-. yt-»n of : t.iM ? w--,,oi.'f cannot bs r^d to calculnie. S .??!? r.i:'- J Htion is, at c, for :? '. ui,- thai -.m,' , regard j.nd iun!u, he* dominion-* aiui Fionee — .vea;w^.5j.o »|ij:.jlru!!V.--.Jiur ruler— hut we believe S&y;' j''' her -n«oi;le at-.-,, to ' .v' n -r.-l j \- t. ; fiidy oc l 