CONTINENTAL POLITICS. The circular addressed by Count Cavour to the diplomatic agents of the Sardinian Government at foreign Courts, in explana tion of the political motives of the new loan of £2,000,000, is a masterty and comn pleto summary of the Italian Question under the aspects it has assumed since 1849, and more especially since the Con gress of Paris three years since. The calmness and moderation of the language in which this great Minister (for the great ness of a policy is not always measared by the diameter of a kingdom) replies to the "unjust comments" and "inaccuracies of jadgment" which the busy friend of Aus tria have displayed so prodigally of late, deserve the hearty approbation of all right minded Englishmen whose sympathies are not swayed, and whose memories are not shortened by selfish panics. The strict and liberal truth of Count Cavour's des cription of the Austrian system in Italy is not even called in question by the habitual apologists of the status quo, and it is abundantly confirmed by the most unwil ling testimony on the spot. There is a class of Liberals "on the banks of the Thames" who are incapable of embracing more than a single political idea at a time, and by that idea they are as completely possessed as a pack of children by the Idea of Bogie. The Bogio of the English pub lic at the present moment is an old Bogle in a new shape, and it is all the more for midable to the imaginations of one of our most impressible classes from having been till lately their chosen idol. It was never an object of our worship, or of our fears; and we have dealt with it as with any other Cock-lano Ghost who will knock you on the head and rummage your pockets if you treat him as a ghost, unsuscoptible of truncheons and unamenable to police courts. The European Bogle of 1809 Is, we take it, his Imperial Majesty Napoleon the Third; and no doubt his ca pacity for frightening our political old women entitles an alarming and adventu rous ally to tbn distinction which five years ago belonged to Nicholas of all the tussias. Now, we are not going to deny Imperial claims to the European Bogin ship, but simply to invite our countrymen to treat all Bogies whatsoever with all the respect they deserve, and to remember that the working and workday world hiss other duties to perform besides the con stant and anxious attendanceupon musac lar and mischievous Ghosts. Chere are more of these Bogies at largo in Europe practising In a most cruel and shameless manner on the credulity, or the weakness, of Nations In the dark. The policy of France must necessarily and rightfully weigh for much in the councils of Europe I hr power, her Intel. lect, her rank in civillsation, assign to Franco an anthority at least coequal with that of England in the nffoirs of Europe; and if to the Second Empire the destinies of pence and wnr have been committed, who is to blame P Have not English Ministries vied with one another in estab lishing and enlargiig the Jeflionce ofa throne which is a mortuary monument to the Treaties of 1815, so solemnly violated, so solemnly invoked P There may have been a fltting moment for rescouig the peace of Europe from the bhiud contiegen cles which are now harrying to unknown issues; but that moment Jo past and gone. In '48, as in '51, as in '54, as in '60, as now and always, the hand-to-mouthstatesmnan ship of English Ministers dallies with pressing dangers, but never foresees or controls events. Mark how on this Italian question the logical results of. tim surprising statesman ship of the last forty, and omore particuslarly of tito last ten years, are ripening day by . English liberalism disavows and re jects the liberalism of Piedmont, because Count Cavour is on good terms with the French Empire. At this alliance of free institutions with a despotiegovernment the prudery of England revolts; as though England were not still the nearest, if not tine dearest, ally of one despotism, and almost the oldest ally of another. Count Cavour is fully aware of this sudden mani festation of Indignant virtue among us, and his Circular is evidently dictated by a desire to refresh our recollection of the in cidents of the last few years. As the constitutional Minister of a free state, lie appeals not only to official politicians, but to the "organs of public opinion," wherever they exist, and in the simplest words ho recalls the proceedings of the Congress of Paris three years ago, at which iee had himself, in the name of the Sardinian Government, called the attention of the assembled Plenipotentiaries of the European Powers, "to the grievous state of Italy; protested against the extension of Austrian infleonca Jo the Peninsula be yond the stipulations of the Treaties, and announced that if a check were not put to it, the result might be serious dangers for time peace and tranquility of the world." These representations on tho part of the Sardinian Government were, he adds, "favorably received by Francs and Eng laud;" they excited hopes in Italy, and almost converted despair into tranquil ex pectation. But these hopes and these expectations have been disappointed; no thing has been done for Italy. Tito Rounmans and the Servians have received independence, but the Romans, the Venetians and the Lom bards have been left to languish in Papal darkness, and under Austrian oppression. ""The preponderating influence which Austria exercises beyond the limits that "treaties have assigned to her (let the stickler for treaties mark the repeated emphasis of. these words), and which "constitutes a perpetual menace to Sar "dinia, has rather augmented than "diminished." Count Cavour indicates very forcibly and suggestively tie per petual danger to a constitutional State in which an ordered freedon prevails, from the neighborhood of misgoverned and malcontent populations; and contrasts the conciliatory firmness with which he had repelled " the pretensions of Austria "ewhich demanded modifications in the " institutions of Piedmont," with the abrupt and intemperate conduct of the Cabinet of Vienna, when it broke off deplomatic rela tions with Turin on account of an article in a newspaper, and a demonstration offensivelyItalian." The Sardinian Govern ment has contented itself with reminding the great powers from time to time of the sure fulfilment of its warnings and pre dictions at the Congress of 1850: it has "endeavoured to bring back hope, patience, "anud calm in the midst of despair, impa "tience, and agitation;" it has rigorously observed tine spirit and the letter of treaties, and pursued a course of unswerving moderation. It is Austria that has systematically evaded and trans gressed treaties, and fanned the flame of discontent; it is Iustruc that 'in the first days of January," before Victor Emanuel had pronounced the opening speech of the session, announced officially the sending of a corps d'armee of 80,000 men to Italy; that throw "frontier battalions" on the banks of the Ticino, reinforced the gar risons of Bologna and Ancona, concen trated troops between Cremona, Piaconza, and Pavia; placed vedettes on the bridge "which marks the limits of time two countries," and at Piacenza occupied forts constructed in defiance of treaties. Such, according to Count Cavour, are the pro. vocations of Austria, which have com pelled the Sardinian Government to maintain an army out of all proportion to its finances, and which now compel it to contract a loan with l view to maintain the honor, the security, and the order of the realm from all attacks, and "calmly to await eventualities." Count Cavour con cludes with the assurance that his govern ment "is ready to combat every element of disorder in the Peniusula, front what ever quarter it may come, from Austria or the revolution." Tile signiflmauce of these words is to be found in the advice recently given in one of tele Mazzisslan organs to the revolutionary party "to rent the Piedmonteso like the Austrians." Austria has no better friends in the Peninsula tihan the fanatical revolution ists;it is in the prosperity and progres of temperate constitutional freedom ini Piedmont that she discerns tise doom of her detested rule and Influence in Italy. Liberals who once patronised and flattered Sardinian patriotism when it shed its blood for Europe, and mingled its national banners on the field of honour with the banners of France andlEngiand, are fain to sneer at the services of that gallant little army because, foresooth, it had hoped to avin friends tar Italy wiuca it fonglt for tho hBalansce of Power. Perhaps It would be snsre elsivalroas and smoro wise to re member time part that Austria played, ovien Sardinia seat her contingent to the Crimea. If Sardinia had any reason to join her forces to ours against itussia, It could only hsavo been that Russia bad assisted Austria in '40, for Russia wan ass old ally of time Housc of Savoy; bst when the wavr was over, Sardisiaosemr became again tihe ally of Rassi, masd doubly the ally ef the enemyj of Austria. If she has strengihened her alliasco with Imperial France, she has hut followed the advice of English statesmen; and it must be rememnbered that Imperialism, as a syntem of government, has no faculty of spontaneous expansion; it is only by cn quost that it cams extend its frontiers, sot iyits principles; sad ashen it allies itself hit liberty abroad, it mmmst sooner or later be overfiosred by tho returnieg tide. Daull Newa. 