MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. [From London Papers of January 18th, 19th, and 20th.] Union Bank. — A second special general meeting -of proprietors ' of the Union Bank of Australia is called for the 4th of February, to confirm the resolu tions passed at the meeting on the 10th inst. — Daily yews, Jan. 20. MR. P. T. BARNUM. — This gentleman has just de- clined the offer of one of our most eminent publish- ing houses to give him £1,200 for the exclusive right to publish his lectures in this country. Mr. Barnum has declined the liberal offer. Foreign . Insurance Companies. — In the Second Cliamber ot Holland, a bill has just been presented regulating the conditions on wliich foreign insurance companies may be authorised in Holland. One of the stipulations to be insisted on is that each company keeps a special agent in the country to represent it. Midland Railway. — -The forthcoming dividend of the Midland Railway Company will be at the rate of 5i to 5£ per cent, per annum. The Magnetic Telegraph. — The underground wires of this Company, between London and Liver pool, which pass through Birmingham, Willenhall, and Wolverhampton, having been found ineffective, are in course of being taken up. They will be super- seded, by new wires, which will be carried along the turnpike roads, but underground through the towns. Electric communication between London and Liver- pool is now obtained by a set of wires along another route. — Wolverhampton Chronicle. The Rev. Mb. Spurgeon.— Mr. Spurgeon has accepted an invitation to spend a few weeks in the United States in the spring. Mortality in London. — The London returns again exhibit a high rate of mortality. In the seeond week of the year the deaths from all causes rose to 1,429, having been 1,338 in the first week of the year. In the ten years, 1849 to 1858 the average number of deaths in the -weeks corresponding with last week was 1,215 j but as the number in the present return occurred in a population which has increased, it can only be compared with the average raised in propor tion to the increase — namely, 1,337. Hence it ap pears that the deaths of the second week exceed by nearly 100 the number which, would liave occurred if a rate of mortality equal to the calculated average had prevailed. The Convict Bankers, Messrs. Strahan and Paul. — As much public conimisieratipn has been so decidedly expressed for 'the continued confinement of Paul and Strahan, and as a petition very numerously and respectably sighed has been presented for a miti gation of their punishment, it is hoped tliat the Government may. be induced, in deference to so gene ral a wish, to modify their decision on this subject by restoring those unhappy men to liberty. Cleveb. Fbatjd. — It appears that some swinlJar has been fleecing people in the country of many hun dreds of pounds, under cover of the name of Mi-. Alderman Mecbi, by pretending to be collecting for a testimonial, for that gentleman, and thus obtaining from them a guinea each- The alderman has issued a notification that~tb.eTrb.ole is a fraud. Pisease . dj-- Waxes. — That dreadful scourge the small-pox has been very rife in various parts of the principality, where in some localities it has made dreadful ravages. It has been prevalent in Carmar thenshire and Pembrokeshire, where it has often assumed the confluent form. At Carmarthen it has attacked old and young, and has been felt in both divisions pif .'the principality. Scarlet fever has also ' been very prevalent, especially among young children, many .of -Wbifm have fallen -victims*. -With' the small- ' poi'itTias been ^proved ''that many of - thoser- attacked were persons who had not availed themselves of vaccination. Diphtheria is likewise prevalent, and the late changes bare largely developed bronchial affections. '?''?. Two More Women Burnt to Death. —At Freuchie,' the other evening, Mrs. Henderson was seated by her fireside in company with another woman, when her dress took fire, and before the' flames could be extinguished she was so severely, burnt tliat she died. Last week a girl named Mar- shall was severely burnt at Prinlaws, by her clothes becoming ignited, from the effects of which she died shortly afterwards.— Fifeshire Advertiser. A Soldier Flogged. — The whole of the troops belonging to the East India depots attached to the 1st battalion of this garrison were marched, just after daylight, Jan. 19, to the fortifications at the Spur Battery, for the purpose of witnessing the carrying into effect the sentence of a district court-martial on Peter Burns, a private belonging to the 53rd Regi- ment, who was recently convicted before a court martial of having, whilst in a state of intoxication, assaulted Sergeant John Dennis, 61st -depot, by striking him in the face, and sentenced to receive the maximum of 50 lashes, and also to be imprisoned for 56 days. After the punishment had been inflicted the prisoner, was removed to the garrison hospital; and as soon as he has recovered will undergo his im prisonment in the military prison, Fort Clarence. The prisoner has been 16 years in the service, during: nearly the whole of which period he has served hi India, until recently invalided home, in consequence of having been wounded in the hand at Lucknovr. Re- vaccination. — The Medical Times states that M. Vleminckx has endeavoured to show the value of this proceeding. His conclusions were drawn from observations made on 1,660 individuals ; and they are these : — 1. Re-vaccination of subjects well vacci nated is generally of very little utility. 2. Those who have suffered from small-pox have greater, reason to be vaccinated than those who have been already vaccinated. 3. Re- vaccination succeeds better in proportion as it is practised at a distant period from the insertion of the first vaccination or attack of small pox. 4. Up to the age of 25 it is generally useless. 5\. Between the age of 25 and 35 it produces useful results in a very small number of individuals ; with out, therefore,- entirely proscribing it, - we need not urgently press its use. 6. After the age of 35 it be comes really preservative, and consequently is neces sary. 7. The re-vaccination of boys at schools, -Sk\, is useless. 8. The re- vaccination of soldiers in armies constituted as the Belgian army is also unnecessary. New Italian ' Solution.' — Father Ventura, the preacher at the Tuileries, has published a book called ' Un Essai sur le Pouvoir,' wliich makes some sensa tion in diplomatic circles. He proposes the settle ment of the Italian question by buying Austria out of Lombardy with a very large sum of m6ney, and then constituting an Italian confederation, of which the Pope would be the president. Impebial Hospitality. — 'The Emperor of the French,' says a Paris correspondent of the Nord, is about to increase the number of his receptions. The high functionaries of the state and the ladies of their families will be' received on Tuesdays and Thursdays. On the same days will be given a grand dinner, to which all the wives of general officers will be succes sively invited with their husbands.' Fatal Occurrence. — Mazai Pacha, the general commanding at Roustouk,and the second son of Res- chid Pacha, has just perished accidentally. He was taking a drive in an open carriage, when the horses dashed off at a furious rate, and the General was thrown out. He was thrown under the wheels of a heavily laden cart, wliich passed over his body aud killed him on the spot. He was the brother of Ali Ghalib Pacha, who was lately drowned in the Bos- phorus. New Invention in Fibeabms. — Mr. Robt. Warry, armoury sergeant at Chatham, has invented a breech- loading gun, which is said to be one of the most valuable inventions of the day. The model, which is of brass, and only four inches in length from the breech to the muzzle, has been subjected to the most severe tests, with the most satisfactory results ; and although of this diminutive length, propelled the balls to a distance of at least 200 yards, doing effective ex- ecution at 100 yards. With the greatest ease the gun is made to fire 10 rounds per minute, and on one occasion 50 rounds were fired in seven seconds less than five minutes, the shot at each discharge striking an objeet placed at 100 yards distance. Notwith standing the rapidity with which it was loaded and fired, the gun remained as cool at the close of the ex periments as it was at the commencement. Mr. Warry is now engaged completing a model of his breech- loading cannon of much larger dimensions. . The inventor expresses his confident belief that this cannon will throw a ball fully two miles, doing effec tive execution at 1,000 yards, the gun being loaded and discharged at the rate of five rounds per minute. London, Brighton, and South Coast Rail- way. — The directors of this Company have decided upon recommending the payment of a dividend for the half-year, ending the 31st of December last, of £3 10s. per cent, on the consolidated stock of the Company, making, the total dividend for the year 185S amount to 6 per cent. Extraordinary Affair. — The Dutch journals state that a strange affair has occurred at the Hague. A retired lieutenant-general, upwards of 83 years of age, residing in that city, sent a few days ago a cake to a young woman who was his mistress. She gave a portion of it to her brother, a soldier on furlough, and he, after eating it, was seized with dreadful pains and vomitings. Medical assistance was procured for him, but he died in a few hours. It turned out that the cake was poisoned with arsenic. The general was arrested, and on being interrogated he attempted to poison himself by putting arsenic into a glass of water which had been given him, but he was pre- vented. He was lodged in prison. He denies his guilt, but it has been discovered that he lately pur- chased a quantity of arsenic. In reference to this case the Morning Chronicle of January 20th, says that the general lias confessed his guilt ; and that his reason for the crime was to get rid of a pay- ment which he was obliged to make the woman who had borne him a daughter, now grown up. It is stated, however, that for some time past his conduct has been somewhat eccentric, and that amongst other things he used to cut out engravings from books at the public library and carry them home. It is added that only a few days before the attempted poisoning he was arrested on leaving the library for so mutilat- ing books. He served with distinction in the wars of the Empire, and was twice decorated on the field of battle — once in Spain, and a seeond time at Waterloo, where he commanded the Dutch artillery. He was also for some time governor of the military academy at Breda. A COSTERMONGER WORRIED BY HIS DONKEY. — Late on Tuesday evening the following singular and serious attack by an ass upon its owner took place in a court, in Birmingham. A young man named Thos. Hanson, who gets his living by vending vegetables, fruit, &c.;, in the streets, has a small cart drawn by a donkey for this trade. After finishing the day's perambulation, Hanson unharnessed the animal, wliich then appeared quiet as usual. It is a male, and of large size. Proceeding to take Neddy up the entry leading to the court, and playing with him, on a sudden the ass seemed seized with a fit of frenzy. He laid hold with his teeth of one of his master's arms, knocked Hanson down, kneeled upon him, still keeping hold with his teeth; and it waa not until the vicious brute received a severe kick on his jaw that he could be made to loose his hold. Those persons who had come to the aid of Hanson, having thus re- lieved him, found that he had sustained so much injury to his arm and head that he was at once taken to the Queen's Hospital. A GOVERNOR in Trouble. — The Governor of Antigua has rendered himself extremely unpopular, and in consequence a memorial has been for warded to England, signed by the principal inhabi- tants of the island, begging his recall. A Ghost Story. — A respectable tradesman and his wife, who reside at Reading, and carry on an ex tensive business, about three weeks or a month ago were awoke from their peaceful repose by a most sin ? gular noise, of which they took no particular notice at the time. However, a few nights afterwards they were again disturbed in a similar way, and they were' naturally seized with alarm, which was considerably increased by the noise returning twice ere the light of morning had entered then- apartment. They were willing to attribute this disturbance to some natural cause, but after an absence of one night the same sound returned shortly after midnight, and it was heard distinctly three times in the course of an hour — on 'each occasion appearing to arise from between the parties as they lay in bed, and is comparable to nothing! but a death gasp, which continues a few seconds, and nothing is heard until the lapse of a quarter of an hour, when a deep groaning sound runs through the room. Another silence follows, but after an interval of perhaps half an hour, it is broken by a loud, shrill shriek, which startles those who had by this time become frightened to a fearful extent. A minister was sent for, and he slept in the house two nights ; the second night the noise was heard, but the cause was still a secret. In order that they might be perfectly satisfied that this strange sound was not caused by rats or any animal of that kind, the floor of the room was taken up, and the chimneys were ex amined, with a view of ascertaining if any member of the feathered tribe had secreted itself in them. Various measures were adopted to discover the means of this mystery, but all proved of no avail, and it was detetv mined that on the night of Sunday week last Mrs. —— should sleep at the house of a friend residing at a village a short distance .from Reading. She 'ac cordingly retired to rest-in an' apartment oecupiedby. two of her friends, but, most extraordinary to relate,, she, and the two person* who bore her company, were alarmed by the same strange noise in the dead of.the night. It is painful to be obliged to record the feet that Mr. —— was compelled to take to -his -he'd,- arid is now constantly attended by Dr.-C ? , who has pronounced Iris condition-to. he-such' that itwould be I dangerous tliat' he should be' visited by any of his | friends. — .Times. '??'.. \ The Great Roman Wall.— The survey of the great Roman wall which stretches from sea to sea across the counties of Northumberland and Cumber hind has just' been completed,- after some 'yeaf-s of labour, by the surveyor Mr. M'Laughlan, at the ex- pense of his Grace the Duke of Northumberland. This really great national workj7'so munificently undertaken by ' this public-spirited' nobleman; : is remarkable for its painstaking accuracy. It gives ns not 'only the direction which the. road pursues, . but also an:accurate delineation of _the ground over which it runs, and enlai-gecbplans of the' 'cttSps' which dot its course, or are fouiidiri its 'vicinity. Some years ago, such a work would have been found -impossible, for 'oiir method of surveying was then too unscientific. Fortunately for antiquarian science, just at the time when the work was ' rendered possible, when the principle triangles of the Ordnance Survey had been scored upon the' hills and plains of the North of England, it occurred to the Duke to project the enter prise, and engage Mr. M'Laughlan; who had long been engaged upon the Ordnance Survey in England and Ireland, to perfect the work: The survey of that part of the old Roman road called the Watling s'treet, stretching from the. River Swale to the Scottish border, . was the first of Mr. M'Laughlan's labours. The survey, when completed, was presented by the Duke to the Archaeological Institute, who pubiished it in 1852. ^The present enlarged and completed survey is comprised on-fiye sheets, and exhibits the entire course of the wall, from Wallsend in Northuin^ berland to Bownes'3 in Cumberland, on the scale of two inches to a mile. Independent drawings are given of all the camps and otlier. features of c«iieci.il importance, upon an enlarged scale of ten inclie-i to tiie mile. The entire length of the wall is seventy three miles. and. a-half ; and by the due studv of the map, we may for the first time comprehend 'the skill which designed this great barrier to the north. Mr. M'Laughlan has accompanied it with a memoir, in which he gives this results of his_ personal observa tions, all of much value, particularly as' regards the Celtic etymology of auciout names'. — Cmnlerlaiid Pacquet. The Great Drainage Works and the Bank of England. — Government liave decided upon the mode of raising the large funds destined for the extensive drainage works which are now contemplated with' a view to the purification of the river Thames. It has been definitively arranged that the Metropolitan Drainage Commissioners sliall be authorised to issue bonds to an amount not exceeding three millions ster ling, upon wliich Government guarantees 35- per cent, j per annum interest. The other parties to the arrange ment are the Bank of England, who have agreed to take the bonds, in sums of not less than £50;000 at a time, at such periods as the Drainage Commiasionei-s I may require to issue them. In like manner the Com missioners will have the option of redeeming the bonds, in sums of £50,000 each, whenever they deem it right to do so. The latter proviso will obviate the objection of tho3e persons who, in the present state of the money market, might be jealous of the preference given to the Bank, and anxious to take a portion of the new Government securities. The Drainage Com missioners will have, in fact, an open credit of three millions at the Bank of England, which they may draw upon, or not, at their convenience. No other establishment could accord similar facilities u[-on so important a scale. The interests of the public appear to be duly consulted in the arrangement,' since a work of primary .necessity to three millions of soul* will be facilitated, and no disturbance of the money market can possibly be occasioned. The money will be ex pended on the spot, and the entire transaction, con sidered in a pecuniary sense, will be kept within a very narrow circle. The advantages to the Bank of Eng land are obvious. That establishment will be trv\ble-i to employ their surplus resources at a remunerative rate of interest in the safest possible securitiiM, and they will, doubtless, in addition, have the keeping of the Commissioners' banking account. Ultimately, we must presume, as the proceeds of the rates which will be levied on the metropolis flow in, the bonds will be paid off; but this consideration appert lins to the future. — Express. TRADE OF HONGKONG.—In 1856 Hongkong coutained a population of 71,730 persons, viz., 54,531 males and 17,199 females. The coloured race numbered 53,334 males and 16,664 females, and the whites 1,197 males and 535 females. There were 31 1 hirths in 1856, 3,625 deaths, and 168 marriages. The num ber of schools was 16, and that of the scholnre 516. The public revenue amounted to £35,500, and the expenditure to . £42,426 — of this the police and the gaol establishment alone took £12,568; the judicial establishment^ £6,059 ; works and buildings, ,-C )-,337 ; and roads, streets, and bridges, £4,274. In 1856 there entered 2,091 vessels of 811,307 tons, in.-liiding 6 1 of 40,436 tons from the United Kingdom. The quantity of opium imported by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company's vessels was 20,508 chests, against 33,446 in 1855, and 46,765 in 1854. The treasure imported amounted to £2,231,998, and that exported to £1,316,228 (to India), and £2,897,702 (to Shanghai). 47½ acres of land were under rice crops, aud 40¾ under vegetables, the produce having been 44 tons of rice and 33 of vegetables. The live stock of Hongkong in 1856 included 155 horses, 469 horned cattle, 220 sheep, and 120 goats.' The average prices of various, articles were as follows — viz., wheaten flour, £2 8s,. per barrel of 196 1b. ; wheaten bread, 5d. per 1b. ; horned beasts, £2 15s. per head; horses, £25 per head ; sheep, £1 per head : goats, 10s. per head,; swines,£i 15s. per head; milk, 2s. 3d. per quart; salt (for there is.no fresh) butter, 2s. Id. per lb. ; cheese, 2s. Id. per- lb. ; beef, 3£d. per lb. ; mutton, Is. 3d. perlb. ; pork, 3d. per lb. ; rice, lid. per lb. ; coffee, Is. 8d. per lb. ; tea, Is. 2d. per lb. ; sugar, 5d.. per lb. ; salt, 2d. per lb. ; wine, £2 10s. per dozen ; brandy, £2 10s. per dozen ; beer, 12s. 6d. per dozen ; and tobacco, 2s. Id. per lb. (against 1A. in 1854-). Domestic servants could earn in 1856 £1 5s. per mensem, and predial 15s. per mensem. The '"Centyral" Ready- Reckoner. — Our readers are aware that the new standard of weight for the sale of corn in Liverpool and other markets, founded on the decimal principle, comes into operation on the 1st of February. To meet the difficulties which may be at first experienced in ascertaining the value of the usual measures of grain, meal, or flour (at every usual price) per cental (100lbs.), the Association of the Liverpool Corn Trade have computed and published a complete list of new corn tables, which will enable buyers and sellers to communicate with all other mar kets -where the old standards of weight or measure are still maintained. In the construction of the tables the price of the central is first given at 4s., and thence upwards, advancing a penny at each step, to 28s. ; and in parallel columns the price is stated for each of eleven of the weights most commonly used. Thus it is seen at a glance that corn at the given price, say of 12s. per cental (1001bs.),is worth 5s. 4jd. per bushel of 451bs. ; 7s. 2Jd. per bushel of 601bs. ; 7s. 5^d. per bushel of 621bs. ; 8s, 4|d. per bushel of 701bs. ; 13s. 5id. per cwt. of 1121bs. ; 23s. 6Jd- per barrel of 1961bs. ; aud 26s. 101d. per barrelof 224lbs.; and so on in proportion to the less or greater price per cental. At the end have been added the corres ponding prices from 4s. to 21s. 6d., of the ton (2,2401bs.), and of the 2,0001bs., or 20 centals.— Liver- pool Albion. Suicide on the Midland Railway. — An inquest was held at Leicester on Tuesday night, on the body of a young man named Ellis Jacques, a journeyman tailor, who was found dead the previous evening on the Midland Railway, a short distance from the Leicester Station. Some excitement was caused by rumours that the deceased had been murdered and placed on the line; but the evidence entirely dis- proved these. Wm. Preston, the driver of a ballast engine, stated that about 6 o'clock on Monday even ing, when near the Himberstone-road Bridge, he saw what appeared to him a large piece of coal lying on the up line in front of his tender, which was before the engine. He endeavoured to stop, but could not do so in time, and the engine and tender passed over the object, which, on examination, proved to be the body of a man, whose head had been entirely severed, and was lying on the space called the ' six feet,' be tween the up and down lines. Further evidence showed that the deceased had left his work, being employed in a street about 200 yards from the rail way, only a very few minutes, when the train passed over his body. It was also shown that he had fre quently displayed symptoms of mental aberration, and had beau in confinement in an asylum. The Jury, without hesitation, found a verdict ' That the deceased destroyed himself while in an unsouud state of mind,' expressing at the same tune an opinion that the engine-driver was quite free from blame. Intebpbetebs- . fob Japan. — The Government have not been slow in taking measures to turn to advantage the treaty concluded by Lord Elgin with the hitherto secluded empire of Japan. A corps of. officials is being assembled, and will soon sail for that distant region. Among the corps are several young men who go out expressly for the purpose of learning the Japanese language, and studying the manners and customs of the people, so as to act as interpreters, and be otheswise useful to British subjects settling in or trading with that country. Whether by design or accident we know not, but it is certain one of the future interpreters has been brought from the heart of the Highlands, where the Gaelic language is spoken in its purity. — Glasgow Herald. 