THURSDAY MOUSING, MARCH 3. Ajioxc tie laws enacted during the late ses sion of our colonial parliament, that for regulating marriages is one of the most uni versal interest, for who is there who either has not been, or who does not intend to get married ? or where is there one who has not relations or friends who are about to sub mit to the ordeal ? The new law will not come "into" force until the first of May,—a very appropriate season, at least with those, who cherish home recollections and associations; but as marriages are generally "made-up" (an odious phrase) sopne weeks before their cele bration, it is not too soon to lay before onr readers, an abstract of the new regulations. The new act not only amends "the old law, but consolidates all previous acts, so that we have now before us the whole statute law on the subject The Act first defines the qualifications re quisite in the persons by whom marriages may be celebrated. These are, ministers of religion officiating in churches or chapels duly registered; recognised heads of reli gious denominations ; ministers who shall hold registered certificates from the heads of their denominations or trom at least two clergymen, even though they be not in oc-" cupation of churches or chapels; and, lastly, by the Eegistrar- general of the colony, aud by deputy registrars appointed for the pur- j sera is followed by perhaps the most extra ordinary clause that ever was inserted in •an.v Act It . declares that whenever any minister "shalltiie' or' depart the-coldhr,? or otherwise become disqualified, " his functions shall cease," and if he "«lmH continue in - violation of the provisions hereof to perform any marriage cereinouv," he " shall be liable to the penalties speci fied,'—namely, a fine of five hundred pounds and imprisonment for five years. We have heard of spectre brideerooms and syren brides, but ghosts of clergymen are not supposed to be employed in celebrating even their nuptials. Priests must be very careful indeed. Henceforth ubiquity will be a statutory crime; at least, if a "priest remains in the colon}' after he has left it, he must'leave off marrying folks The law considerately provides, however, that even if the officiator he dead or absent, tire marriage will be valid and binding. ' The ordy preliminary to marriage required by the Act is the delivery by each of the parries to the officiator, of a declaration on oath or affirmation, setting forth that he or she knows of no lawful impediment to tie marriage. Begpstrais are to he permitted to officiate only between the hours of eight and four, and they must require three days' i written notice of the intentions of the par j ties, which notice is to be posted np in the registrar's office. . Marriages will not be invalidated'in', consequence of the want of authority in the officiator, provided one of the parties be under the belief that he is qualified. Two witnesses of M age mast be present and sign the certificate. \- Quakers and Jews are exempted from the operation of the Act Their marriages, according to their own usages, will be con sidered valid: but they must be registered within three months after celebration. "With respect to minors, the law "declares that if either of the parties to an intended marriage be under twenty-one, the consent of the lather or of a guardian appointed by him, or in case of there being no father or guardian in the colony, then the consent of the mother shall be requisite to a valid marriage. If the minor be an ab solute orphan, or his or her parents or guardians legally incapacitated from act ing, then the consent of a Justice of the Peace specially appointed for the purpose shall be sufficient Such Justices of the Peace are to be' appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court When minors are' married the consent must' be endorsed on the certificate. The new lavr confirms all former mar riages by ministers of religion, no matter how informal they may have been, except, of course; where the parties hare been mar ried more than once, and in other cases of criminality^ fraud, &c.; A copy of the register is henceforth to be a sufficient proof of marriage. | Persons officiating in marriages without being legally qualified; and all persons as jsisting or- abetting in the marriage of minors, without., consent of parents, <tc., will be deemed guilty of misdemeanors, and be liable to penalties.of five hundred pounds, •miff imprisonment for five years. False statements-are to be punishable as I perjury, and the forging of certificates j of consent is to be considered felony, and to be punishable with hard labor | on the ■ roads for five years. If ; the non-registration of a minister's name be merely accidental'or by ihadvertance, the fine is not to exceed twenty pounds. 'Mi nisters omitting to transmit certificates for registration,- are to be amerced in fines va rying from ten .to fifty pounds. - The Act winds up its list of pains and penalties with a clause which defies our power of penetration into occult meanings. It de clares that "in cases within the ninth sec tion" (which relates to witnesses) " where no person shall have celebrated the marriage other than the parties thereto themselves the like penalty shall attach to the husband in case the certificate shall not be duly attached." Probably the tenth section (re lating .to Quakers and Jews) is the one meant, and the word registered should be substituted for the word attached. . Such, in plain words, is the substance of a very important, brft very slovenly-con structed Act It calls for no comment, and if it did the time for animadversion is past It will be observed that the ecclesiastical rules as to the prohibited degrees of consan guinity are not referred to, and the law and practice relating thereto remain unchanged. 