NEW SOUTH WALES SABBATH OBSERV- ANCE SOCIETY. IN pursuance of the following advertisement :- Remember the Sabbath Day to keep it holy.-The third annual meeting of the New South Wales Society for Promoting the Observance of the Lord's Day will be held (D.V.) in the Infant School room. Castlereagh-street, on Monday, 20th instant, at 7 p.m. The Lord Bishop of Sydney will preside. The friends of Sabbath observance are respectfully invited to attend. Robert L King, Joseph Beazley, secretaries. a meting was held last evening in the schoolroom, Cas- tlereagh-street. The attendance, though composed chiefly of ladies was not very large, but the schoolroom was two-thirds filled, and we doubt not it was the threatening aspect of the weather that prevented it from being crowded. Tho meet- ing was called for sevon o'clock, but it was Ua'f-past that hour before the Bishop took tho chair, who having briefly stated that tho mooting was called to promote Sabbath obsorvancB, callod on the reveraotl secretary to opeu tho proceedings hy pravw. Tito Hov. lt. Jj. King then ongajed in prayer. The Bisnor, in opening the meeting, said they wero assombled for the third time to commemorate the esta- blishment of this Sooioty. This was their thiril anniver- sary, and he beliovod that, by associating together to pro- mote fie oh'orvttiico of the Sabbath, they had at all events I done some good. Thoy had como thero to receive infor [ raation ofwh.it had hoon done, and he trusted in his hort to gather encouragement from such report as would lend them to support and increase tho aid they had given to this Society. Thia Sooiety was formed for tho purpose of enforcing, as far as possible, the fourth commandment-a portion of the decalogue universally acknowledged by tho church, but which was, perhaps, more widely deviated from than any portion of tho social and moral law, whioh formed the basis of tho Christian religion. Why, he asked, should they deviate from this great moral law more than from tho common law, which they had imposed to enforce the other com- mandments? Why did they deviate from the common law in reference to this commandment more than any other? They did not do it in tho cases where the moral law affected parsons or property only. They did not set aside tho commandments against murder, or theft, or slander. They brought the common law to enforce these, why neglect tho Fourth Commandment, that was the basis of all tho social morality on which the others were founded ? If .there was any weight in tho law which tho other commandments laid down, there was that spirituality in tho fourth which could alone give them vitality and existence. . Those who had attentively observed this question, must from what they had seen and read, have been convinced that it was tho transgression of this commandment which led to crime, and that its observance was tho best guarantee against vice and crime. He believed, for tho social interests of society, it was necessary that this command- ment should be enforced. Let them show to him n Sabbath-breaker who had not, step by step, descended into crime. The observance of tho Sabbath formed the basis of onr national, social, and moral safety. Though the thief, tho murderer, the slanderer, were watched by the eye of the law, tho Sabbath-breaker, who was commanded to keep His day holy, was the father and perpetrator of all these crimes. They could not look to tho Legislature for rolier from this evil. It depended upon themselves it was tho poor man's question more than that of any one else. Certainly far more than that of the rich man. I tho poor man, the labourer, the servant, tho clerk, was compelled to work on a Sunday, was he not imposed on Was he not, asked to do that which he had no right to do What was tho effect of this ? In Paris they knew that till lately there had been no patriotic observance of tho Lord's day." Lord Stanley advocated the notion of Sunday amusements and the desecration of the Sabbath. But what were tho arguments against him? That it was es sentially tho poor man's day, and should be reserved for him. It was the Lord's day-he had called it holy. In spite of all argument to the contrary it was the poor man's day. It was the shopman's day, it was the clerk's day, and he supposed even of the newspapers, that it was the publisher's day. He would like to know by what right any rich man should deprive tho poor man of his right in this day. On many grounds, some of which he had shown, it was right tho Society should exist, if it were only to dis abuse tho public mind as to the extent of tho evil and what could be done to prevent it. Tho report would show what tho Society had done, and what-with increased sup port, it was in its power to do. He thought it might be right in him to mention that tho thanks of the meotin were due to the Chamber of Commerce, to stop the practice of vessels taking their departure on a Sunday. Ito was well aware that in former times there was a feeling of favour among seamen in sailing on a Sunday, but this fool ing hnd beon overcome by higher and better considerations. There could be no danger in tho argument they heard of tho reasons which should be heard in favou of the non-observance of the Sabbath. Any one who shoul triumph in tho contest would lint obtain a victory against the Sabbath to sustain a loss. In Liverpool he had en deavonred to raise this feeling, and he was happy to hen that it had been warmly responded to-that from tl: Mersey to the Clyde and tho Thames, tho departures ( vessels had boan 'much moro limited than herotofon Another matter ho might mention. It had beon tho cu; tom of the ¡Speaker nf tito House of Commons to give Pm Ilnnientary dinners on a Sunday. Tito chaplain of tit Speaker declined to sit and say grace at thoso dinners and though weak in the ottetnot. Sir JIannera Suttoi in respect of the courago which had been manifested i such a cause, retained his chaplain and gave np his Sunda dinners. He would now call on tho reverend secretary t read the report. Tho Rev. II. L. KING then read the following report : Tho Committee of the Now South Wales Society for Promotlr the Observance of the Lord's Day present to tho subscribers brief account of their proceedings during thc last twelve month They do so in a spirit of mingled humiliation and gratitude. ( jrníiftínY, bceauRc they havo been permitted to labour at tho woi of the Lord of the Sabbath, and bcoauso in some respeots his bio* lng upon their exertions has plainly appeared;- of humiliaih because so little has boon effected, although so great a necessi exists for active exertion, and although such vast interests aro stake immediately connected with thc glory of God and tho wo faro and happiness of man, Vet they aro quito awaro that resnl muBt not bo measured merely by present appearances. Tho hu bnndinnn waitcth for tho precious fruit of the earth, and ha long patience for it, until ho rocolve the early ar latter rain. He does not despair of an abundant harvof because ho perçoives no sign of life for some days afb tho seed ia committed to tho earth. He waits. "Inthomoruli ho sons his seed-and in the evening witholds not his hand, f he knoweth not whether shall prosper either this or that ; whether they both shall bo alike good." Engaged, us your Sooie is, in thc Lord's work, it can well afford to wait In patient expe tation, and earnest prayer, for the Lord's time to bring to perfc tlon and fruitfulness that seed which is now being sown in faithf dependence upon Els promise. " Let us therefore not be wea in well doing, for in due season wc shall reap if wo faint not." I TJUCTS. During the pist year a very considerable number of tracts ai other publications, having rcfercco to ;he subjoit of the obser ancJ of tho Sabbath, have been put in circulation-through whi it may bo presumed much information has been ic parted, and misapprehension as to tho nature and objet of tho Sooiety removed. Thero is still much jealoui existing in a certain class of minds with reference to the objee of the society. It is supposed that thase who aro seeking tho ho keoplng of tho Lord's Day in the community are desirous of et tailing the liberties of the people, and of deprivlag them of t benefit which a day of rest is intended to bestow upon tho labou ing and trading classes. It is hoped that tho eff rt of tho lar distribution of traots upon thc Sabbath question has been to poi out to thoso persons that the observance of tho Lord'B Day, accordance with thc plainly-expressed will of Him by wht authority it was sot apart, will naturallv assist In preserving to thc benefits of that day ; and that thoso persons who advocato t claims of tho Sabbath arc the truo friends of all classes of thc coi mu ni ty. To point this out now more dearly, a tract bas bc prepared by a membe- of your committee, and distributed, a dressed speoialiy to thc employers of Sunday labour, having pt ticular reference to those persons who require tb butchers and bakers to supply thom with moat ai bread upon tho Sunday morning. For it may be casi perceived that if heads of families declined receiving their suppl upon the Lord's Day, the great amount of 8abbath desecration present prevalent on the part of - those tradesmen who supt thom, would cease, and the tradesmen themselves and thi servants would be left at liberty to spend the Sabbath accord! to thc Divine appointment. An additional supply of 2000 copies of tbe " Address to the Co nist" has been printed and exhausted, and £000 moro have bc ordered and aro about to be printed. As many as 27,000 copies this admirable address has now been put into circulation ? Your committee desire to express their grateful acknowlec mont of a large supply of tracts and other publications, bear! upon the question, which have bt-en presented to them for aist bution by the Rev. Dr. Mackay, having been placed in his hal for the purpose by Mr. Hendorson, af Glasgow, and by Mr. Pel Drummond, of Stirling. By tho desire of your committee, 1 Secretary wrote through Dr. Mackay, thanking thoso gcntlem for their kind and valuable assistance. Tuc committeo have also to announoe the arrival, per Ri gauntlet, of two parcels of tracts from thc Metropolitan 8oelol which will bo immediately placed in the bands of the colporti for distribution. A still larger anount ls expected to arr: ehortlv. During the whole of tho past year a colporteur has been em- ployed in distributing the Society's tracts as well as in collecting subscriptions. In very many instances ho has been enabled to in- troduce tho subject in personal conversation. It is pleasant to add, that generally speaking, ho has been very kindly received. The total number of tracts which have been distributed by him dnring tho past year has been 31,010. If to this is added the 20,007 publications distributed in tho second year of the society's ex- istence, and 11,181 in the first year, it will appear that in all tbore have been distributed 02,895 tracts and addresses of dif- ferent kinds having reforence to tho devout observance of the Lord's Day. May the Lord of the Sabbath graciously vouchsafe his blessing, since Paul may plant and Apollos water, but God only can give thc increase. PRIZE ESSAYS. The subject of prize essays upon the Sabbath is ena wbioh your committee have very much desired to entertain. The funds at their disposal have not, however, been sufficient to warrant them in offering a prize of such valuoasmightreasoni.bly be expected to induce persons to take op tho subject. They would take this oppor- tunity af suggesting to those who havo the means, and who take an interest in the work in which the Society is engaged, that much good might bc effected by giving an inducement to the people sf this colony to write upon suoh a subjeot. Seve- ral extremely interesting and even valuable tracts have been thus brought forward in England and Scotland, and there can be little doubt that some might be written, evea more elosely adapted to the peculiarities of position and tempta- tions which belong to colonial life. The committee trust that this will not bo wholly lost sight of by the friends of the society. Passing from general topics, it may be proper to refer to some of those Instances whioh have occurred during the past year, in whloh tho necessity for the organisation of such a society as your own has plainly appeared. Tue instances in wbioh the silent in- fluence exerted by it has prevented the desecration of the Sabbath may possibly not be known on this side of eternity. Tot those in- stances in which its activo exertion bas been required, and through the Divine blessing, successful, may well afford encou- ragement to the members of the society to persevere. It was reported to your committee, at their meeting on the 13th of September, that the band of the detachment of Artillery, stationed at Dawes' Point was accustomed to play on the green ora Sunday afternoon, and that large numbers of persons were being attracted to the spot. The effect of this tren made itself felt in _I withdrawing tho children from tue Sunday schools in tho oejafc. taurhood. , The committee felt that thia practice, if not «t «LT jheoked, -would soon bo beyond their power to reach. They Z, insured that the taste for thia kind of Sunday amusement WMI bd'rapldly formed in Sydney, and that lt wonld »dye rise to a RM leal of Sabbath desecration. They felt also that they were tM to plead the right of the bandsmen themselves to bs extaaS trom any necessity of violating »he 8abbath for the amusement* rthcrs. A deputation was therefore requested to walt usc« te jfllcer in command of the Artillery Barracks, to represent % ulm the views and wishes ot the committee, and when that officer declined to accede to their request, the deputation called upon Colonel Percival, by whom they were most kindly received. Instructions were issued by him which led to the discontinuance of the Sunday band; and your committee, in reporting with much gratitude, his kind com- pliance with their wishes, are thankful to be enabled to state that thc attempt to introduce into Sydney a practice which has led to so much Sabbath desecration in London, has not hitherto suc- ceeded. It will be the duty of your committee to continue upon their guard against any similar attempts in other quarters to invade the sanctity of the Sabbath by such means. How quickly the taste for these Sunday bands may be formed in the community may be estimated from the fact that on the Sunday following the issuing of Colonel Percival's instructions no less than 2000 persons assembled on the spot, but were of course disappointed. July 10.-Tho Sunday delivery of tho mall per Malta may MW bs referred to. The mail arrived on the morning of Sunday, .ct» 10, " The rule of tho Post OfHco is that no delivery of letten shall take place on Sundays, but tho intelligence oontslncd ta (kt mall was considered, at least by the Post Omoe authorities,of«* importance as to warrant a deviation from that rule on {hil Tho consequence was that the clerks of tho Post Office were a*, nloycd all tho morning in sorting letters, and wore thereto deprived of tho opportunity or attending, some at different Ros. day schools, and all at tho houso of God. Thc postmen ia Kit manner were employed during the hours of morning lerviec is traversing '.he city, as ir tho day had no: been one of which Gat had commanded that lt should be kept holy. At soy eral BOMS tho letters were revised, because tho day was Sunday. At ott«», though tho lcttora wore taken in by the servants, they were left unopened. This was reported to your committee hy several yt. sons uron the Monday morning. The committee instructed fl» Bcorotary to writo at once to tho PoBtmaster-Geswa upon thc subject, and, receiving a very short owl unsaiMactn] reply, quoted above, they requested a deputation to walt tn»« the Colonial Secretary and show him thc corrcupondenee. Tb result has been that the Postmaster-General has been requests in futuro to pay more Btrlct attention to the rulo of the atna Tho committee have reason therefore to trust that, this Undi Sabbath violation will not occur again, at least in 8ydney. In thi« case, occurring in tho metrrpollB, tho number of persa deprived of their Sabbath privileges was considerable. But j» committee aro painfully conscious that tuc same kind of Sifti desecration ls thc nile rather than tho exception in muny to» of tho interior of the colony. Tho mail reaches tho town «p tho Saturday night or tho Sunday morning. The post-ofBot opened on thc Sunday aa a matter of course, »nd that holy i is spent to a great extent ns a doy of business by a considera part of tho population. Many of the postmasters f this to bo a hardship, not to say injustice, from which they wot gladly be exempted. Your committee sec no teaion why i rulo which npplios to tho Sydney PoBt Office, should not am with equal force, and much less practical inconvenience, to ev ooat-oftlce throughout tho country, and they wooli came Invite tho inhabitants of those places where the praotlce pre» to forward a petition on thc subject to tho Postmaster-Gent But a petition, whether successful or not, would at least beai test against tho breach of thc commandment of tho Most Hit! ! Much attention hns been paid by your committee * tho past veor to tho sailing or ships from port 1 tho Lord's" Day. A deputation waited upon several ot owners of vessels and shipping agents connected with tho Po I Sydnev, to endeavour to ascertain their Tlows, and to in unon them the propriety of paying a strider regard totheSi i than had ordinarily been the case in former times. \--j .«»..« uy almost all-aai ,-, much sympathy expressed with tho object ol tho Society. Tait was followed up by a letter to the Chamber of Commerce, request inp; that body to express an opinion upon tho subject. Theleuer was taken into cons! deration at a meeting of thc Chamber held in July, and tho following resoluiion waB agreed to :-"That, in re- ply to tho lotter of tho Lord's Day Observance Society, tho Chtst ber sympathises with thc objcot in view ; and while it records the * fact that tho departures on Sundays during tho past year bavebeen under the average of those of other days, recommends that tee sailing of vessels on Sunday bo discouraged as rauch os possible." Í During thc discussion which precotcd thc adaption of this rcaoln- i tion, one speaker stated that outof 1082 departures during thepast '< year, 104 took their departure upon tho Sunday. From which statement it appears that, whilo thc avera»o number »f departures on tho week day ls but a small fiaction over three per day, there are, on tho average, two departures on every Sunday in tho year. Surely, this ovcrago may bo much diminished. Tho committee next addressed thc Colonial Secretary with re- ference to tho departure of tho mail steamer when the day flied on tho time-table for departure happened to bo tho Sunday. IBs reply, as far as it went, was very satisfactory-stating that he bad already put himself into communication with the agent of tit P. and O. Company upon thc subject, and had requested Mai ta write "to the directors of the Company in London, with a view to their authorising him to defer thc sailing of the mail steamer whai the time fixed may fall on a Sunday ; at thc samo tim* poiatiig out to him that, as regards tho Peninsular lice, the principle ka» been already conceded by a provision in thc time-table by whisk, should tbc day fixed happen to f .11 on a Sunday, the (teamen leave 8outhhnmpton on tho following day, at two p.m."t Your committee earnestly trust that the example of some ot tho leading firms in Sydney which do not dispatch their vessels upon thc Lord'fl Day 'may soon be generally followed-(Koate flore, Graham, and Co. ¡ ítenry Moore, E«q. ; and others). Taey havo learned with much interest that tho Sunday sailing of veatb from some of tho principal English and Scotch ports has of Isle years much decreased. In an interesting report, given by lie Rev. Dr. Mackay on his return from Europe, he stated " tait og tlie Thames, the Mersey, and tho Clyde, the Sabbath wai eri dently better observed than it had been when he left Scotlanälf» years previously. Indeed, with respect to the Mersey and tie Clyde, it was now a very unusual thing for a vessel to sail OB tte Lord's Day; whereas formerly tho ru'e was to sail on that da j ia preference to any other," Your committee deeply regret that they can report no improve- ment with regard to thc railways. Indeed, the only chingo takjag place is for tao worse, in consequence of the gradually lacrewM length of thc lines completed. Neither has anything beeaefetted towards lessening thc desecration of the Sabbath by thc sale el beer and spirits in tho public-bouses. In many country pUcei, and even in the townB, tho public-houses aro accessible, eve» lt notaotually open during tho whole day, there being but little induoemeot held out to thc police to tako notico of it. So tart even thc laws which exist on the subject arc not put into opera- tion. With referenco to the support which your society has received during tho past year, lt appears from tho balance sheet appended to this report, that the sum of £220 Cs. Gd. has been colleettd from 581 subscribers. From this sum the principal disbursement! have been to printing expenses, £26 10s. 6d., and tho salary of tho colporteur £108. Other expenses have amounted ta £10 7s. 3d., and there is at tho present time a balance in fatotr of the society amounting to £90 19s. 7d. In conclusion, your committee humbly desire to commend tte work in whloh they aro engaged to the gracious and over-ralisg providence of Him whose causo they plead, and for wkess honour they are deeply concerned. They take encourage- ment in the reflection thnt "tho Lord relgneth," ali that Ho both can and will, in His own tue. and in His own way accomplish His own designs. They wi* te bo found on tho Lord's aide in every struggle-assured test is due time they shall be moro than conquerors in His nameud strength. They earnestly desire that every member of the Sooety will strivo together with them in their continued prayer lo Almighty God for His blessing upon tho labours in wHich thejjrt engaged. It is by prayer that wo are permitted to moro Hu WM moves tho world, and who disposes all thing« accord'.n< ts Hil own will ; and if to prayer is added thc force of a godly -if those who acknowledge tho blessedness of that prlvuegewMsa they possess in the ordinance of the Christian Sabbath would pe earefultollvo as if they rightly valued this blessing, then, a deed, would God's Sabbaths bo a sign between Ulm and them, tai tbeywoiila know that it is tho Lord who sanctifies them. Aaa others, attracted by their example, would learn fromi them the in- estimable worth of this " Fcarl oí Days," and gratefully devotett to the sercieo of tho Lord of the Sabbath, »ja « caro of their own immortal souls. They would IttUJ experience tho truth of tho prophet's words-" If thou tarn iw thy foot from tho Sabbath from doing thy pleasure on mvoow day, and call the Sabbath a delight, tho holy of tho Lord, hoBOur able ; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own «ya.,UK finding tblno own pleasure, nor speaking ttiino ow» worts. twa shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord, and I will Jj."* upon the high places of tbe earth, and feed thee with the ten«* of Jacob thy father ; for the mouth of the Lord hïth «poken lt. - Tlie Rev. G. H. MORTOK said the resolution he hud to propose was to the following offset: Thnt tho Report now read bo adopted aid printed for circula- tion, together with a list of the subscribers, and the Treasurer's statement; and that tho following grntlcmen be the Committee tor tho ensuing year : President, the Right Rsv. the Lord Bi*op of SydBoy ; Treasurer, G. K. Ingclow, Eta. . Secretaries, Be». R.L. Ring and Rev. Dr. Mackay; together with all roinlstersof religion being membere of the Society; and the following laymen, Messrs. Adam, Bonar, Cameron, Caldwell, Captain Dumaresq, J. Mackay, F. Mitchell,; Dr. Moon, Mowtry, Dr. Hansard, aaa Alexander Macarthur. The object for which they were met together was to by and stir each other np, and to stir np others also, to » bet- ter observance of the Sabbath. In whataver point of view this subject was regarded, it showed itself to ha one of tbe greatest importance. He should not say a word npon the Divine obligation of tho Sabbath, for other reverend gen- tlemen would follow him and deal with this part of tie subject ; but if they regarded it merely as a gift from God to man, and looked upon the latter in the lowest possible light-BS a mere piece of mechanism-they most sf» at once how absolutely ho required that a certain time sliooM be devoted to rest. A piece of mechanism or of macWnery working up to a certain power, if it ba forced to BO beyond that power, the result must be that in the end it would break down. God had so constituted nun that whilst ho was adapted to labour of every kind, yet it was essentially necessary to the conservation of bil system that he should have rest ; and it was a remarkable thing that even in those countries where they did not re- cognise a Sabbath, this principle was recognised. He was much struck at observing amongst tho Chinese, that though they had no Sabbath they made up for it by their ire fluently recurring feasts. They had found that man's body required occasional rests, and so supplied it by these feasts, which occur at least once in every fourteen days. It might also be remembered that when certain infidel phi- losophers endeavoured to start a new religion, that was to do away with priestcraft and many other things that it their opinion the world groaned under, the first that was done was to blot out the Sabbath day. But with all their philosophy, they soon found that it was not to be dispensed with, that man's nature required rest, and so they appointed, instead of one in seven, that one in every ten days should be set apart for tho purpose. He recollected reading in the life of Wilber- force, how that eminent Christian and orator, who had ' lived to so good an old age, retaining to the last the full use of his mental powers, wade lt a point of conscience never to do my parliamentary duty on the Sabbath. Bj following this plan his mind came back with fresh avidity to his parliamentary tasks, relieved by one day of rest; whilst those who had been engaged in study, or in the pre- paration of their speeches on the Sunday, were still jades and wearied on the following day. By this line of conduct Wilberforce not only preserved his principle, but also re- freshed his mind, and was enabled for a long time to stand forward and plead the cause of his fellow-men wrth a vigour and a power that almost seemed ta have been imparted to him for the Pw pose. Then, again, if they looked upon mao'» future destiny, the subject became one of still more im- portance. Man was buta mero passing breath, grauaauy » Letter of Mr. T. K. Abbott, Secretary to Post 09m, *» Secretary of Lord's Day Society, July li, 1849. " ._ \+ Letter from Mr. W. Elyard to Secretary, dated Colonial far?*« Office, Sydney, Otb August, 185». .nd momentarily passing away to another state^ofex ¡stone© r and bare he was reminded of their last anniver ' garv meeting. On that platform, almost on tho spot on . which he now stood, they had seen a pions young man rise ' to address them. They had heard that young man's tolomn exhortation, his earnest language when ho had told : them of the Importance of keeping holy theSabbath Day. They who then sat around had Been death pictured m that countenance, and in abrief space they had followed him to the silent tomb, whilst he passed away to tho everiast ln" Sabbath. Before another annlvorsarv came rouna, j somo of those now présent might pass away also to another state. Knowing this, and knowing also the earnest biiBv bustling age in which they lived, they could not but regard it as a graolous provision of Providence that a seventh paT. °¡. ,Te time of man should be , set apart M a space in winch he might reflect upon that unknown world to which he was so fast hastening, thereby giving him one day in each weekwheroln to think upon and prepare for that world. On this account alone, tho Christian men bad always, and would always, find the Sabbath day* blessing. He was sure that thora were numbers of poor people who look upon the Sabbath not merely sa a day of rest from their toils, so much a« the day of meeting in the house of Gort with those brethren with whom they were hereafter to spend ? eternity. Many came into the howe of God with their i minds still bonnd down by tho trammels of trade or bust- , ness ; but the word of God soon carno to them in its | power and its might, relieving their souls from their earthly burthen, freeing them from their care, and show lng them how good it is for them to he there. The Sabbath. I again, gave man an opportunity of teaohlng his oluldrerj and ] bis household. Engaged during the wee* in a variety of way?, the Sabbath, with its rest to all, assembled round him his children, or those over whom ho was maced,-giving him an opportunity to teach them or to read to thom of iv hotter «Ute of existence than that they were now passing through. He »nd the other ministers of the Gospel were thankful indeed to soe the churches lilied as they were on ? the Sabbath. They wore inileod delighted to find men flocking in to hear God's word, but still they coul l not close their eyes to the other side of the picture. In the parish in which they wore now met ho knew that there were nnmbBrs who never crossed tho threshold of God's house on the Sabbath day. He wished to he charitable, hut could he with the strongest exercise of charity hope that such nico wore Christians? They might, have been baptised as suoh, . but their reception into tho Christian Church at the font will not of itself ensure their receptiOT Into Christ's Church triumphant Their absence from God's homo showed plainly that they had not baen converted to God ; and if thoy should puss in their prosent state from time into eternity they must perish for uvorlaHing. The report said something about public-houses Now very much might bo said upon that question. Ila had conversed with several publicans on the subject of closing their houses on the Sabbath, The answer he had almost always received was that they would be glad to close if all tho others would do so ; becanso now, if they refused to servo a cus- tomer others would serve him, and thus the conscientious nun would lose his trade. If these men really tvero im- bued with the love of Christ, they would close on the Sabbath whether they lost custom by it or not ; hut such conduit was not to be expected from men in that class of lifo. Thon, 'again, there was tho Racecourse. It was disgraceful to hear tho debasing conversations, tho revolting language that was used thora on a Sabbath evening, it was of the most repulsiva charac- ter ; and lie was assured that a great (leal of the moral degradation of this city arose from this very source. Here, too, were to bo sometimes hoard infidel locture.s, stilling their noxious poison into the ears of the paBsers-by. To such a height had this evil risen that ho had often felt a strong desire to obtain leave from the Bishop to go on tho .Racecourse, and preach on a Sunday. (Loud applause.) for he had sometimes thought that if he could but stand np there for half an hour ho could show these infidel preachers far bettor authority for the Book of God than they could shew against it. (Applause.) Might it nut be that some of tho members of our Church might be accidentally brought to lend an ear to these envenomed tongues, and so receive into their hearts that seed that shewoth the path which leadeth to destruction. There also were to he heard the disciples of that miserable creature, who appeared some few yoars back in the United States, preaching a doctrine and giving utterance to principles from which tho well-regulated mind could not but turn with horror awl disgust. Yet with all these evils prevailing, it . was next to useless to expect ministers of tho Gospel to preach there on the- Sabbath Day, for when tho evening carno they were broken down with their labour, feeling os though they had indeed preached their last sermon. But if tho ministers were not able to go there, something might yet bo done. If members of their congregations would take with them SOTIO of those tracts that were spoken of in tho report, and disseminate them on the Racecourse, and along the 8outh Hoad Road, this might have a good effect, ami perhaps turn to tho conversion ot many. None knew the influence of these tracts. They might bo carelessly received and as carelessly put away in the pocket of the recipient, to be brought out and perhaps read during the week under circumstances that might give their teaching more effect. He recollected one instance of a young man, who having most unwillingly received a tract, was yet thereby not merely converted, but led to .become a minister of Gospel. If they.then would re membar this, and in the true loire and spirit of Gjd dissemminato these tracts, they might also he the means of saving an immortal soul from destruction ; for as St. James said " Ho that converted a soul from the error of his ways shall save a soul from death, and hide a multitude of sins." Mr. A. M'ARTHÜJI, M.L.A., seconded tho resolution. He thought that the perusal or hearing of the Report to which they had listened should excite in the minds of all who read or heard it, mingled feelings of gratitude and regret. It was to be regretted that in a professedly Christian land it should be necessary to have suoh a Society os this, but it was gratifying, that a9 the necessity unhappily did exist, that such a Sooiety had bson formed. And lie thought they Bhonld be devoutly grateful to Almighty God for the measure of support and encouragement whicl this Society had received, and for the degree of good which it had been instrumental ? in accomplishing. They would at the same time partiei pite in regret that the Society had not still further hold or ' the public mind, and was not still more liberally supported and still more extensively useful in accomplishing the oh ject at which it aimed. For he believed with bis iiordshlp that the interests of sooiety at large wera deeply involved . in the success of this Society for tho proper observance o the Lord's Day. This Society shoald, he thought, bo sup- ported by every Christian, by every philanthropist, and b; every patriot. The Christian should labour for a societ for tho proper obseivance ef the Sabbath, for hi believed it to be the Lord's Day, holy and blessed, and th day In which his soul delighted, and to which he lookei forward with feelings of peculiar delight, feeling deep!; conscious that if it were not for the common Sabbath, tlier' would be very little vital Christianity or true religion lef in tho world. The philanthrophist should support it, fo wherever Christianity diffused its genial and deligntfn Influences there' cbarltv and benevolence mus attend. The patriot should support it, because however religious he might be, yat, in support lng this Society, he adopted the best means fo promoting loyalty, good order, peace, prosperity, and hap piness. lt was melancholy to reflect that even in Christin England there should exist a Sunday-or, as it might mor properly be called, an AKTi-Sunday League -, and that me from whom wo might expect bettor things were nc ashamed to be identified with so bad a cause, and to I associated with men of whom it might bo truly said tho they feared not God, nor regarded men, except BO far e law compelled thom to do so. That ant' Sunday League openly advocated the Introductio of a continental Sabbath into England, and one of th speakers, who unworthily bore the name of a cler^ymat was reported to have Bald that he admired the state < things he saw in Dresden, where the morning of Sunda was devoted to Churah, tue afternoon to saiieries of ar and the evenings to the promenade. He thought wo ha good reason to congratulate ourselves that bad as we wor in New South Wales, we had not yet an .tnti-Sabbat League, and he trusted we never should. But althoug this feeling was not pnbliciy expressed, he believed ther were many in this colony who cherished and encourage feelings of this kind, and even so lately as last Saturda he baa noticed an advertisement in the daily papers, call mg attention to a free room in Sussex-street, where thei was held a free discussion every Lord's Day. They a knew whattbat meant. He thought that this Society wu entitled to receive the support of every man who wishe well to the cause ot true religion in the country in which li lived, and lie believed that justin proportion as the Sabbat was regarded as a holy day, in that proportion should vi have good order and prosperity and happiness throughor the land. It bad been said that this was a poor mnn question, bnt it was In reality a question affecting ever man-for we were all working men, or ought to be so and we all, whother we laboured with our hands or ot: heads, required the rest of the Sabbath, and should grit* fully receive and highly prize it. Still by tho poor mn was the Sabbath especially prized. Those who woul thus secularise tho Sabbath professed to regard the bo: interests of society at large, and to feel still more doepl interested in tho welfare or the poor man. But he believe that this meeting would agree with him in the opinio that those who advocated such doctrines were oithe miserably deceived or else shed crocodile tears, being lc astray by the folly or tho wickedness of others. K «üüftrt? <. fi1188oc'ety wouW continue to disséminât UMfuliniormatlon upon this subject, and to point out to tl «nñnrTm,^^111»^^'- It would alford them fl cÔan*X(?UUlVaí n,8 those conj»eal. parental, an LÄ ítt* were 80 d^'^hle both for boc se^nse worrhv -fr î?kcd uP°n thi» Society as one in evei (Ch4rs ) y t,,e 8UpP°rfc of th0 Christian publi ¿SÜXSSuT then pBt from t,,e chair« « -a?¿ follows0:- UE,D W0Ted th6 «*»<» resolution, whie «uÄanTÄ^^^^^ iu the Divi, implores of AlmightyGodfanatoSa.nVS? 8,abtatn. «nd h» ÄVtL^ home at platform speaking, any reluctance Ä of the Lord's Day Observance Sooiety. ^^""L^v mated his intention of belngp^^ ofobieotlon. that it was entirely a Church of bngiana affair He replied, that the Sooiety was 'not a sectarian Sand that ministers and members ofoU the «elioal denominations wore invited1 to tata,apart in it (H<» hear.) His friend rejoiced that that might be tue case. Eut that still tl.e Episcopalians took the most prominent nart ' towhichhe again replied that he just liked the iftopalTciiurch alf the more on that account (Hear hear.) Tho great question with him was, Bot whether this was an Episcopal or a Presbyterian, or an Independent, or a Methodist affa.r, twilit a »od affair ?-un affair calculated to promote the glory of God, the salvation of the souls of men, and the best interests of te community? (Cheers.) Now the y.ews that he.en tertained upon the subject of this Sooiety were,-that it wis calculated to promote those objects, livery professing Christian who had his eyes open, and observed what was inkinir place around him, must admit that there was a vast amount of Sabbath . desecra- | tion . «nd he had no hesitation In giving it BS 'his opinion that if this evil were allowed to go on unoheoked, and make progress in time to come as it had in the few years past, the whole face of sooiety would ero long bear a heathenish aspect, and the fear and the public worship of God would to a great extent be banished from tho land. (Hear, hear.) He was no advocate for what was called the Puritanical-though he did not exactly un- derstand the meaning of the phrase- observance of the Sabbath ; he was not for investing that sacred day with an air of oppressive doom and melancholy. But, convinced as he was of the Divine authority and the perpetual obli- gation of the Christian Sabbath, and remembering that it was a day solemnly iot apart for the public worship of God and the interests of immortal souls, ho must say that he viewed with alarm any infringement of its sacredness, and that he hailed with delight any distant recognition, from whatever quarter, it might come, of tho validity and force of that command- ment which was enshrined in the very heart of tho decalogue, and which said-"Thon shalt remember the Sabbath Day to keep it holy." (Cheers.) He had met in tho course of his lifo with some very striking instances of the recognition of Divine authority on this point, and though they had not, as in the case to which his LorJsliip hud referred, been accompanied with loss of preferment, they had been attended with worldly disadvantage, which was cheerfully submitted to Ho recollected ono Instance in his early life, in the case of a man in whose house he was an inmate at the time, this man was a humble firmer in the Wost of Scotland, a man of limited education, but of starn religious principle, one of those good old Scottish patri- archs who if any of the latitudinarians of the preseut day had spoken to him of the ronoal of the Fourth Commandment, would ¡lave frowned upon them with indignation. At the time to which ho referred, this good man got into pecuniary embarrassments, in consequence of the high rent of his farm and tho failure of his crops ; and at last was om pletely at the mercy of his landlord, who \w the terror of tho whole tonantry around-and waa In fact one of thc greatest tyrants that over lived. One Sabbath morning after breakfast and family worship wore over, this pro- prietor called upon the good man, and requested him t'> go to survey a field at a distance, to measure it, and to lay it out for agricultural improvement. Tho good man hesi- tated, lie bogged to bo excused ; ho said lie was not ac- customed to do anything on the Sabbath day, adding, with ull possible courtesyj that ho should be most happy any other day to comply with Iiis wishes. Tho ungodly pro- prietor ridiculed and upbraided and stormed at the good man, till he could bear it no longer ; his spirit was at length stirred within him, and . nobly riisragarding tho alter consequonces ol' casting himself on the providence of God, he said to his tempter-" Sir, the Sabbath Day is the Lord's Day; it is not minc; I am boand by an authority higher far than yours to obey it, and I tell you plainly, sir, that I will not break the Lord's Day neither for yeti nor for any man living." (Uheera.) Turning on his heel ho strode away with measured step in all the spirit of Iiis lofty Scottish independence. Some young persons- and lie was one of thom-thought theso Scottish patriarchs had too strict ideas with regard to tho sanctity of tho Sabbath ; but lie confessed that lie now saw the subject in a somewhat different' light, and remembering their holy and blameless lives their fear of God, and their strict re- gard to this holy day, he could not but revere their mo mory, and dear to him were tile very sepulchres in which their ashes reposed, awaiting the resnrrectiou of the saints. He was imablo to understand upon what possible grounds any person could entertain any rational doubt as to the perpetual obligation of tho Christian Sabbath. The onduranco of that obligation was so unquestionable that he would enter into no argument upon that subject. It appenred to him an inevitable consequence, that if a man felt himself bound to uphold tho obligation of one of the ten commandments, he must bo c pially prepared to insist upon tho obligation of all tho rest. If one of those com- mandments was binding, why not all ? Were they not al] portions of the same decalogue, promulgated from Mount Sinai by tho Voice of tho Eternal-all written upon tables of Btone by tho finger of Almighty God ? Were they tc be told that any distinction could now bo drawn botirccn those laws; that some should be retained in force, and otliors dono away with ; some declared to be of perpetua obligation, and otlters arbitrarily defined to be only ol a mere temporary character? Ho could not place his liant upon any text in Scripture which gave countenanct to any suoh views, or authorised, in the slightest degree tho assumption that the law then given was not to be foi over after observed. It was, as lie held, tiierefore of entire and perpetual obligation ; and whosoever did resist it, 01 any part of it, resisted the express ordinance of God, une must bo preparad to abide ttie consequences ol' such an aol of disobedience. Accordingly they found that tile clevoui observando of the fourth commandment was one of til« inv himself be could not forbear to state that he had neve seen an exception to this rule. He would not deny tha there might not possibly bo some good mon who did no vonorate tho Lord'a Day, aHd wera nevertheless irrepre hensible in other respects. Possibly there migiit be sue! instances. . But this, however, he did gay that he hal neve met with any such CUBO in the whole* course of his life (Cheers.) On .the contrary, he hud always fonm I that tho greater a man's piety was, the groate was the reverential attention wliiuh he paid to the Lord' Day. In conclusion, he would merely say that the Christiai I Sabbath was one of the principal ordinances of our rel igior I and an ordinance designad for tho good continuance of tha religion. Woe to any man, or to any community of mer who should seok to do away with it, to subvert its authority itain its sanctity, or turn it into contempt. (Cheers.) Dr. n AN SARD seconded the resolution Tho Rev. Dr. MACKAY then addressed the meet ing in support of the resolution. The argumonts whic had been brought forward that evening appeared to him t be of Buch weight that it was impossible to contradic them, or to como to any other conclusions thereo than such as had been deduced from them b tito reverend gentlemen who had preceded hin He did not entirely concur in th« sentiment which had been . so forcibly expressed, not bein able to imagine any circumstance of greater imuortance t vital Christianity than tho observance of tho fourth coir mnhdment. But still it was a fact that men might full admit its obligation, and importanoe, and yot remain vet imperfect in their practice of that duty which it so Boletnnl enjoined. Even by those who entertained no doubt as t the perpetual nature of its obligation, and freely acknov ledgad its importance as a great Christian duty, thei were too often instances wherein the observance of tl Sabbath was very far short of what it ought to be. He wi quito prepared to allow that the devout observance of th holy day did not go unrewarded, and that an obedience I the law in this respect was a thing acknowledged ar blessed by the Lord of the Sabbath. Still lie mu say that he despaired of ensuring a propi and general observance of the Sabbath, whilst tho« who admitted that its observance was an nnqnestionab duty, did, nevertheless, not act up to their conviction The inconsistency of the actual practice of many such pe sons was frequently deeply injurious to tho cause forwhii they wero there assembled-the promotion of a prop keeping of that snored day. Lurking in tile minds of mai such there was, he feared, to be found the thought th: some were too particular as regarded the duties of tl Sabbath. The shortcomings of this class made openings I chinks, as it were,-in the cause, through which the eau wai most unjustly attacked and unfairly damaged. Donbtle I thore were works of necessity which tt was both lawful ai proper to do upon tho Lord's Day. That w what had never been, for a moment, deniei and there had not, as he believed, bo anything which had prejudiced them more than tho alleg tion, that tiley denied the lawfulness and propriety works of necessity upon the Lord's Day. He would liimsi not attempt to deny that he had not often had to do actt work on the Lord's Day. . He had had to do such work . that day, and had done it j simply because he had felt th tho works were of necessity. They admitted that EU works of necessity were permissible, but the doing of sui was a matter whicli ought to be dealt with th« great« I tenaernesB and most thoughtful discrimination. Su works had been done, and would still bo found to do un the end of time. There was ono thing connected witt consideration of this subject, on which he would just sa\ I few words, and that waa the miserable assum- ion of some who were opposed to tin cause. If there was any one thing moro odious might go so far as to say-moro utterly hateful th another it was tho pretence of those who, in oppoting t Observance of tho Sabbath, pretended that they did because they were the friends of the poor man, and so i not like any interference with his harmlesii amusemo Under this pretence theso persons were laying tho pi I open to the greatest amount of injury it was in their po* to inflict. What property had the poor man but his day rest-what time at his disposal but the Sabbaths which t Lord had given him? He feared snch opposition to t free enjoyment of the Sabbath by the poor Christian rn had its origin in nothing better than selfishness : I feared that a litte of this feeling, arising from such m«:iv ! was in existence in this colony (if they were to judge fri what tliey had heard that evening,) and that soi attempts had been made to bring tho observai of tho Sabbath into contempt with the labouring class In his native conntry there was a class of politicians did not know whether they now existed, as political chan¡ came pretty frequently- entitled Conservatives, thought this society was highly Conservative, not litera speaking of cessation from labour on the Lord's Day, tl of course they sought to obtain in its entirety ; but taking tho words of the commandment, adding nothing them, and taking nothing from them. CCheers.) Tl . were Conservative of the capital in which thev dwelt, : i what was our best capital bot the thows and sinew* of the human body ; and in taking the Sabbath from the working I man they reduced him not only to moral degradation, but to animal weakness arid prostration. He was not worth I half the wages if ho was robbed of his Sabbath. (Oheers.) It was stated ou high authority that bloody and deceitful men lived not half their days; and there were deceitful men, both high and low, learned and unlearned, who would seek to persuade the working man that he could not be benefited at all by adherence to the rule for Sabbath obser- vance whioh tho Bible set forth. They would destroy men by winning them to their own opinions. There was a peculiarity about this fourth commandment: that was flesh and blood approve! it against their own will, corrupt as they were. Lot them have a man who, by some accident or oppression, was forced to work on Sabbath days ; let him work for some few Sabbaths in addition to his week-day toil, and would that man's flesh and blood approve of Sab- bath-keeping, did thoy think ? He ( Dr. Maokay) considered they would liaTO such a man's vote in favour of Sabbath observance. (Cheers.) He did not wish to introduce amusement into those proceedings, but a pertinent fact came within his knowledge to which lie might cursorily allude. A countryman of bis, who lie knew to have been well brought np to tho practice and forms of Sabbath obser- vance ;by godly and venerable pnreuts, coming to this colony, he was engaged in what was called squatting. Thia gentleman hod spent a great part of his life at sea. Not many Sabbaths'siuce, ono ol' tho servants employod about his house was found doing something very unnecessary on a Sabbath morning-that f was, carrying homo a dray-load of firewood. His master said to him, " My good follow you are commanded not to do such things on the Sabbath ; let me never see yon do it again. " A few Sabbaths after, the first thing his master saw in the morning was this same man coming homo with another load of wood. On being expostulated with, tho man used the old saying, " The better the day, tho better the deed. " His roaster, taking him by the collar, gave hiru a hearty good thrashing, so that he was scarcely able to move. Now he ( Dr. Mackay) did not ap- prove of that discipline in order to enforce obedience to the Divine commands ; but he must say that althoue-li the man received some personal injury, he ( Dr. M.) could not help hoing amused at the practical controversion of the fellow's grounds of defence for Sabbath desecration. The Sooioty was trying, by its effort* to gain this day for holy rest, improving the capital of the country, and at the same time seeking to do good to men's souls. Bringing the subject before the multitude ho hold to be a noble and an honourable employment, and this could be done by spreading amongst their fellow creatures and fellow cotonbts those silent messenger.' which tended to make the mind to which they wore pre- sented give them consideration. By this means he thought tiley would be ablo to do the work of the society on a much moro extensive scale than hitherto. The Society was not old, and must creep before they could walk ; they mnst seek all the support they could get to strengthen thei> hands and encourage their hearts. Ho besought everj individual with influence or authority to present the sub ject to the minds of all those witli whom he carno in con- tact. Tho principle must bo admitted, and all that wa; required was their practical approval. He felt no grati- tude to ¿lie common sense of mankind for admitting it, ai the proof was so abundant that the prosperity or adversitj of a country, or Its r'mo and fall, stood most intimate!) «unnected with the measure of Sabbath observance tba was maintained by its people. Wherever the Sabbath hat boon most strictly observed, they had seen national pros perity ascendant. Look at the nations of Europe, con fining thoir observations to those which had received th light of revaluion, and it would bi lound chat'whenevor the holy Sabbath had fallon from the calendar of dav sanctified by devotion to the Most High, sucli nations hai lost influence, and would continue to do so from generatioi to generation, l'hey might restore themselves to powci but they must come, not to be at tile head (as tho Word o God said), but tho tall, and give way to better manners am principles than their fathers held. Then they would se prosperity returning to tiiem. II« had spent Sabbaths ii Scotland, and ho regretted to say that if there were im provements in some respects, there were sad circnmstince of n contrary kind. Ho had the happy privilege of spend mg the Sabbath in North Wales during hi short visit. to Britain last year ; and the manne in which he observed tho Lord's Day to be spBii there, waä a standard of Sabbath observance unequalled, he must freely say, by anything ho had seen i Scotland. Could he have daguerreotyped the scene h saw at from early mor nine till late eveninj lie could scarcely pourtray the air of deep solemnity, pict; purity, and, he might say, practical holiness, which ch« racterised the conduct of every individual in that countr town of Balla, a name not unknown to tho religious worh There was peace, good order, and advancement, which sui plied many instances to make good the arguments he ha referred to. He would read an extract from a tract, whic he thought might very properly accompany the Society report: I read in one of thc papers of tho society you mentioned, tl following passage:-"It cannot bo doubted that nations ar Kingdoms (loutish or decay in accordance with che practloe piety, diligence, and temporáneo; or the preval""r-o of ungodl ness, idteness, and intemperance. The Sabbath-day is an encou agement to tho first, nnd a preventative to the la«*. So the o scrvanee or profanation of this holy day, IB like a wcathnr-glas shewing signs of thc risc or fall of a nation. Tin.- is also opp' cable to pat lieu'ar persons. Tho Sabbath, Uko Its Lord, is a ri or fall to many; there ls neitherrank, riches, learning, or talent that can save tho transgressors or the deBpiscrs of thc fourth cot maudment from condemnation. While the humblest dlsoiple th uses its privileges, is exalted to honor, immortality, and glor The Sabbath is properly termed the queen of tho other days ; ai we may say that faith, hope, and love, arc her companions ai servants. Thc gates of her palace are open, she invites all b subjects tn her presence, and bountifully offers to satisfy all thi wants. Thc Sabbath continues the same, though the ccrcmonl law has been abolished. Various comparisons in their great« abundance cannot set forth the full value of tho Sabbath to natioi churches, subjects, or particular person*. It is the memorial the creation of the world, and the remembrance of the rcsurrectl of Christ. It is tho ordinance of our God, and tho Court day our King. It is the seal of the covenant, and sign of our pi fcsilon,- tho oastle of the kingdom, the feast of the ohureh, t shield of tho common-wealth ; iv is an almoner to the poor refuge to the weary, a teacher to the obild, a guardian to t youth, a comforter to the old, a touch-stone of obedience to t professor, a day of jubilee on earth, tho fore-runner and shadi of heaven." Tiiis was from tho published letter of the late Rev. Jo Elias, of Anglesea. Tnere were one or two more remar he felt constrained to make. On his return to Europe, ! eye could not but be caught by along reach of the Than with which he had been familiar, for he noticed that on t Sibbath the amount of locomotion there was very mt smaller than he had ever seen it before, when, years oj he had had opportunities of observing it. 1 sailing ships were incomparably less frequently despatcl on that day titan tiley hod been twenty years before ; a with regard to th» Mersey-which was before London far as vessels entering-and leaving was concerned could hardly (Ind any ships leaving on the Sabbath, ni withstanding that he kept his eye well open. Tne sa was the case witli the Clyde. There were on this riv however, two unhappy steamers, going OH the Lord's du and he might also state, what was worthy of commen ration, that these steamers had become so odious to 1 public that, whilst on other days, the rest of the steam were crowded, tlieso two were almost totally empty, t looked more like ghosts on the water, and that not g< ones. He was sorry to sav the number hod been donb since that time; but while this was the case he f sulllcient confidence and assurance in the princif of his countrymen in their regard for the sti observance of the Lord's day to believe that this desee tion would be put down. There had been public meetii for the put pose, or, as our friends across the Atlai would say, '. indignation meetings." Knowing the part he had reason to believe that the doubling of the nam was just done in a fit of desperation, in order to inf dace and fix the habit. Whilst God had given the Soci in this colony success, they should use all their meant chock that abomination-tlie violation of the Sabbath the coasting trade, and especially by the coasting steam The position of men who took upon themselves to tri grass God's law, so flagrantly for filthy lucre's sake, aui so broad a way, he did not envy. Tho rest of the Sabt bolonged to the operatives of those steamers ; and fl titer their owners paid them higher wages for the los it he did not know, but he questioned it i mach. There could be no necessity for depriv them of it, and why not let men enjoy their Sabbath in harbour of Sydney '! This was a festering sore upon morality of this colony ; he felt that no man could et himself on board. How could be under such oircnmstani Although the Society might not have arms sulfide strong to grapple with this abomination, much migh done by perseverance towards abolishing such a cruelty disgrace. It would not be tolerated in Britain, and .should they tolerate here what was not snfferei exist in their native land? (Cheers.) He begged second the resolution. The resolution was then put and agreed to nnanimout The Rev. W. HESSEL moved the third resolution : That this mooting desires to record its thankfulness to the ( of every good and perfect gift for thc appointment o/an ordin so essential as that of tho Sabbath, to thc welfare as well ol tiona as of individuals; and lt« senso of the duty inoumbent ' all, whether in nublio or private life, to exert their influeni promoting the duo observance of the Lord's Day. Tho sentiments in theology, the logie, und the spiri this resolution, entirely agreed with his own views feelings. He adopted them with all bis heart, and liai hesitation in commending this resolution to the recer and adoption of that intelligent and respeotabla audi« Several propositions were presented to their minds in resolution. First, that the Sabbath was an stitutiou of Divine appointment; secondly, tha observance was essential to the welfare of nations and individuals ; and, thirdly, that it wai duty of all, whatever their station, to commend and moto the observance of the holy Sabbath amongst] He could not but admire tho harmony of the proposit The propriety of the observance of Wie Sabbath migl advocated by a variety of arguments connected secular and moral ^interests. He felt for one that he not so safe and strong in the maintenance of this holy aB when he based his arguments upon its app ment by God. (Applause.) Objections had, doubt, been taken to the observance of the Sal day, and the arguments brought against it mus admitted to be extremely weak and inconclusive. It been called a Jewish dispensation. The very wordii the Commandment was directly opposed to that sentiii It was instituted by God ut the creation of the woi (applause)-at tho time of man's innocence, and after« embodied, with reference to that institution, in decalogue ; and the Lord Jesus Christ, in MB sermon the Mount, as clearly shewed it was of perpetua) obligi to theend nf time: (Applause ) If. then the Sabbath was appointed by God, it was rational to say, that it was for the interests of nations and men that tho law should be kept, and it beciirao their duty a» people of God, and as the lovers of their species, to commend «nd promote Its observance amongst mankind. All the propositions m the resolution were based npon the Immutable foundation of trith and righteousness. With regard to the second part, that the observance of the Sabbath was essential to the welfare of nations and individuals, it was clear that it WOB go, because its due observance was necessary to secure the Divine blessing both upon nations and men. Those who violated the holy day commit'ed a crime against God : and he hod in his experience often witnessed the failure of the schemes of those who had violated the Sabbath. During the Crimean war he was living In Ports- mouth, and all that particular time it became necessary to make an efTort to build wooden houses for our soldiers. The sound of the axes and hammers and planes was heard throughout the weeknight and day, |»nd; even during the Sabbath. Thoy were built at the expense of tens of thousands of pounds, and were shipped at last for the Crimea. But what became of them t They rotted on the wharves at Balaclava, whilst the soldiers died in hundreds from cold and misery , for the want of them. There was some fatality about them, and it turned ont that they were of no uso to the army. It was remarkable also to see how all their public men who conducted tho arrangements, and who had permitted the violation of the Sabbath of those under them, had failed under the frown of Providence. The observance of the L>rd's Day was of the utmost im- portance to the welfare of nations and individuals, because it was essential to the progress of relicrion, whether in the nation or human heart. There was a great difference on this subject between the fathers of the reformation on the continent of Europe, and their own happy land. The fathers on th« oontinent held in light estimation that holy day. That was the chief dis- tinction between them and the reformers of Britain. What was tho eonsequenco'/ On tho continent Pro- testantism became a weak supine thing, and was overrun with idolatry, whilst in England it retained its vigour, its strength, and its power, and had made ¡ts influence felt in almost-, every part of tho world. (Applause.) The observance of tho Sabbath was essential to tho wc! faro of nations and individuals, because it wa3 essential to their physical and moral prosperity. Ho endorsed tho sentimont of the Rev. Dr. Mackay with rogan! to tho Sabbath obser- vance upon the condition and wordly prosperity of nations. Which were thc richest nations of the world ?-the Sabbath keeping, tho British, American, and Jewish. They were tho richest nnder the sun. The Jewish nation was famed for its weYlth and money making, and they kept not only their own Sabbath, but tho Christian Sabbath too, so that it would appear seven days labour was not necessary to make men rich. Seven days' work incapaci- tated a man from working, and deteriorated his physical being. There »as no sinew like to EngHah sinew-(ap- plause)-no tact, no skill, no perseverance, like that of tho English nation. Go to the Continent, and they would meeta lot of laxy, smoking, coffee-drinking people, living in idleness, and makine women manage their business, and that kind of thing. The sin of Sabbath-breakine lay to a trreat extent at the bottom of tho misery and distress which was seen in those nations. They were oblieed to be governed by the power of the sword, and no wonder, having set themselves against God'sjlaw, having dis- regarded the Sabbath, they had done away with the bar- riers against moral corruption, end the reason why they could not be constitutionally governed was that thoy wore given to immorality and crime. He looked upon the observance of tho Sabbath a9 a great safeguard against superstition and the prevalence of crime. Those who advocated the relaxation of tho Sabbath day had said that it would improve tho morality of the people, but they forgot that there was a deep moral sense implanted in the hearts of the English people. It was the éducation, tempered by religion, which had been given to »ll classes of the people, that had enabled them to observe th's holy law, and therefore those who advocated ¡ts relaxa- tion put it in this false light, as the means of promoting intelligence, and advancing tho interests of morality. Tliey professed to be the friends of the poor, to bo benevolent to man, but lie thought when a man professed to be more generous and benevolent titan God, he justly exposed himself to tho scorn and derision of mankind. (Applause.) Such was the position in whioh the Anti-Sabbath League mea put themselves. They said the law was too severe, and that it restricted men's rights and liberties. There was another point, which had been Btoutly main- tained by lords and members of Parliament at home. They said that relaxation of the Sabbath law would promote the morality of the people, and that the railway trains and excursions would take the people from the public-houses, He thought it could be shown that respectable sin was not less displeasing to God, and that the man who loft one violation of the law to go into another, did not botter his condition. They ought to take care that their young people were not betrayed into breaking God's laws, for tilts Sabbath-breaking was the road to ruin, and the way to bell. (Applause.) Mr. MILLS seconded the resolution with all his heart, because being called on daily to labour for bis living, he should be embarked in a sea of trouble, and life would be a ceaseless trial unless he could enjoy the sweet rest of the .Sabbath Day. They actually required some period un- interrupted and uninfringed upon, to consider the great blessings of the Sabbath Day. The Rev.'Mr. KINO then said there would bo a collection mado at each door in order to obtain necessary funds for thii meeting and to carry on the work of the Soc'ety. He hadreceived a copy of the report of the London Sabbath Day Observance Society, and felt interested In noticing that the labours of the London society were the same ns those which'hod occupied them during the past year. He found that the London «oîiety had- had a correspondence with the Great Northern Railway Company on the subject of running Sunday trains. Then they took up the subject of omnibuses, which subject wns now on the paper for tho consideration of their own committee, who would consider on the possible and probable means of outtiug down Sun- day travelling. Thc next subject in tho report was about tho cabs' and it appeared that out of 4700 cabs in London, 1740 did not ply on the Sabbath. Then they considered the unnecessary UBO of carriages to carry people to divine worship. At times this came nnder the case of works of necessity, to which Dr. Mackay had alluded. Some of his people lived at such a distance from churoh, that unless they made use of their carriages they could not attend at all. But it was not always a work of necessity, and was not ti bo takeu up without suulcient cause. Then came the subject of trading, which still prevailed, particularly in the metropolis, and a new sooiety in addition to the one previously established had been formed to prevent Sunday trading. Then there came a reference to the work In which the committee had been engaged in during the elections, when, by means of adver- tisement, they had called upon the pnblio only to support those candidates who were favourable to the observance of the Lord's Day. Some reference was also made to the pro- gress of simüarsocieties in Australia. He had referred to this report In order to show that they were not alone in the work in which they were engaged, for others were engaged in similar works in several parts of the world. He trusted those who felt an interest in it would also feel a deep interest in the work of similar societies in other places, aHd whilst praying for a blessing for themselves, that they would also pray for them. The more he saw of tho work of this 8ociety¿and the position of this colony, the more importantand necessary the Sooiety appeared tohim.and the more was he resolved, by the blessing of God, to be found by the side of the fourth commandment, and not against it. The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously. The BISHOP having left the chair, it was taken by Mr. Bonar. The Rev. Mr. BEArxp.v moved a vote of thanks to the Bishop for presiding over the meeting. Mr. CALDWELL seconded the motion, whioh was carried by acclamation. - The BISHOP, in returning thanks, said he was very glad to do anything for thc advancement of a cause which com- mended itself to the community in which he lived. He believed no greater good could be effected for the rising generation, or for a youn; colony, than implanting thc fear of the Lord, which would evidence itself in the holy keeping of the Sabbath Day. . Tho doxology having been sung, and prayer offered np, the meeting separated at 10 o'clock. THE PEOPLE'S CONCERT.-With a view to the moral and social improvement of the people, the first of a series of cheap concerts waa given yesterday evening in the Temperance Hall, in con- nection with the new South Wales alliance. This is evidently a step in the right dircotlon, and it must have been highly grati- fying to the committee to meet, at their first oonoert, BO large a body of the class the amelioration of whose condition they have in view. Cheap concerts in England have proved successful, not only as aids in tbe cause of temperance, but also as incentives to the attainment of proficiency in the musical art, and, in many instances, they have been sufficiently remunerative to pay liberally for the service of firet-olass artists. But even there, very valuable assistance is rendered by amateurs, and very often tbers, as; hore, professionals aro found generous enough to co-operate without regard to the usual fees of their profession. It by no means follows because these con- certs are cheap that therefore the music is characterised by that other quality which distinguishes things cheap only in name. Thc concert of last night was a sufficient proof ta the contrary. With tho exception ot tho substitution of a romance with varia- tions, instead of the selections from II Trovatore set down as the flute solo to be performed by Mr. Richardson, there was no deviation from tho programme. In tho first part Madame Flora Harris was encored in her canzonet "Truth in absence," Mr. Brooks was also recalled, after singing Henry Russell's " Ship on fire," and he substituted the humorous song commencing "'Tis time I should talk to your mother." Mr. J Howson, on being laudly encored, in "Of what is the old man thinking," sang, with much feeling, "Katty, darling." The glees hy Hadamo Flora Harris, and Messrs. Howson, Banks, and Sussmilch, and especially thc flato solo by Mr. Richardson, were also much admired. The » tho first, the chief feature In it being the performance af Madame J alfa on the pianoforte, which waa superior even to her performance at her own ooncort in the Exchange a few days ago. Her " BongB without words" (by Mendelssohn) wore loudly eucbored, and the popular airs which she afterwards played-commencing with * ' There is nae luck about tho house," with sparkling variations were enthusiastically applauded. At the commencement of the concert Mr. Ronald announced that it waa the desire of the com- mittee to continue these harmonious meetings periodically, bi- weekly or monthly, os success might seem to warrant. Tnero cannot be much doubt about their continuance after the entertain- ment of last night. The concert was nnder the management of Mr. T. V. Bridson, and presided over by Mr. C. Packer, as musical conductor. , THE BATHURST BAZAAH.-The Free Pren states that the amount collected up to Tnureday night, was upwards of £1100. MskDLE MANTELPIECES and Toilet Table Slabs, Iron and Brats Bedsteads, tc-We have been roo, nested by John G. Cohen to call the attention of buyers to the sate of th« above, at the Baak Auction Roomr, this doy, Tuesday, September 3*th, 1859, at ll o'olock.-A»v. 