'"•V HUNT AT BUTTON PARK. A peculiar halo haunts tlie memory of the writer wh u he thinks of the sylvan glades of Hntton Park,for there it we«,oa liis arrival ia Tasmania, jnsi a twelvemonth eiuoe, tiat be Or.t beard the welkin echo to the " Cheerful eountl of horn and hound!" and the first occasion o£ his " putting pen to paper," to record the spuria uf his newly adapted home, was a sketch of the gl irious day's fun llicn enjoyed. Many a pleasant hunt bas "'Nimrod'a Glio^t" since had with the Westwood and Melton Mowbray Packs; but it is strictly according to human nature to return to the scene of " one's first love," and seek the same pleasures " in fact or fancy o'er again " Some Buch strong inducements was indeed necessary to induce a man, who had be?n at a gay party all nighi, lo ru -h home just in time to'change dress coat and " longs'* for "pink and tops,'' and mount the coach at 5 o'clock iu the morning for a drive of neatly forty miles to tho appointed trj6\ Nevertheless, this ralbar arduous task was cbeerfullv faced, and bp dint of thinking of the anticipated stag hunt, indulging in anecdotical chat witli that fine old four-in-bander, Jem Porter, and taking an occasional road-si Je refr sbener," the " Ghost'' arrived nt Mcl'on Mowbray quite wide-awake. There be found the worthy Master of the PaclL Mr. S. HUckwcll, snuffing the early air, and prognosticating a good lying scent. Speedily cams cantcring up to head-quarters several of the 11 regulars,*' and sion after 10 o'clock the hounds were unkennelled, aud word given to make a start. By the kindness of Mr. B., tlto chrOuicler was mounted on his favourite marc, Miss Flirt,— albeit not exactly a desirable timber jumper, nor quite so sui\> at Iter fences as Conrad, whom he rode his first cross-country go st the Hutton Park meet spoken of above, and who has since turned out so excellent a steeplechaser. . A few miles spin through the bush brought us to the hospitable mansion of John Bisdce, Esq, where an elegant luncli awaited the assembled sportsmen. After a dose or two of "jumping powder," the" horses were ordered out, and a cavalcade of abou' a ceore mounted "eager for the fray." ThiB select fie! 1 was composed of the Messrs, Bisdees Butlers, Coglcs, Oldmeadow. Frasoh Flex more, Hamilto", Picken, Frosty Kicholls, Speed, leu. As it was intended to look for outlying doer, Mr. John Bisdceactedas guide to the favourite covert", Mr. Blackwell and the whipper-in having some difficulty in keep ingtbc hounds well in hand owing to the quantity of kangaroo in the sime whereabouts. After drawing for about twenty minutes, the little darlings bogan to feather and whimper ina vrry likely looking spot fir an overnight lair, and soon dashed away in full- mouthed chorus A short gallop \ roved that tbey had liit the right trail, for five noble ha'ls were viewed careering away on the side of a thinly timbered bill. Unfortunately, after crossing this, the ground became sciubby,~and the pack divided in tffo, each division having its own followers. By a timilnr chance, a flying doe got up before both parties, and the nature of the country not allowing of the hounds being whipped off, two ctpitnl runs were simultaneously enjoyed, each ending in a kill. The shrill notes of the Master's horn having rallied (he field together, a second attempt was zsade to discover a stag; but a big longed tailed 'un getting up at view, in a beautiful open country, it was thought best to " take the goois the gods provided," and away we rattled in pursuit. Stveial tolerably easy leaps were crossed in safey by all, aud t' c •team was fairly up, when rather a boomer'' loomed ahead, and caused two or three to look right and left lor gaps. Luckily for tho " craners," however, Miss Flirt proved a real coquette by getting into such playful diSicul ties on the top of the fence as caused a lot o the logs to give way, and thus opened a pas' sage. In a couple of miles or so from this, and when we bad just got into the 6crub again, a fine doe (deer) crossed the line, and tbe'run was immediately diverted alter so long wished for a quarry. For a long time the game little hounds stuck to her, and vre bad already entered tho largo paddocks bordering oil the cultivated ground, where the nettle of liorse and man would have been thoroughly tested, when singularly enough our line was a fifth time changed by a kin- garoo. So eager were the hounds, and so much hard galloping had the horses already bad, that it was uselesB trying to head them, and the fiold therefore followed " nilly willy' in the new direction. This, unfortunately, proved a rather disagreeable one, for we got amongst rocks, and had to go up and down stony gullies, such as most folks would not cross, CTen at a walk at any other time than in the cxcitemi-nt of aohase, However, all got safely over tho difficulties, and tlie long tailed 'un was eventually run into, after a few "shirt checks. Although this was the third kill, with scaroe any cessation for breathing time, it was thought advisable to try tho outskirts of tho Park as a last cltanoe for the deer we had lost; but'.the wind became so snddeuly cold that no scent would lie, and the sky threatening rain, the drawing was soon grvon up as useless. . Before we could reash Melton Mowbray, n heavy shower drenohed lis thoroughly, but a savoury kangaroo "steamer" and other solid as well as liquid luxuries, made ua "speedily forget such petty out-door troubles, aud we cheerfully toasted "our nejet merry meeting.' 1 NIMUOD'S GHOST. HUNT AT BRIGHTON.—The day ajtor the Southern Steeple Chase, Mr. Blackwell will give the lovers of the chase A treat with the favorite Melton Mowbray .Puck.' The tryst will be at George Frost's, the new Host of the 4 t Tasmanian Hotel," and a whisper has reached UB that a u bagged dingo" will, for the first time in this Colony, be turned out before the gallant l>ttle Melton houndsi 