GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. ACCIDENT AT NORTH-WEST BAY. —By the out tor Mary Ann, which arrived from North-West Bay on Friday afternoon, an unfortunate man named Lawton, a san y cr, was brought to town and convoyed to the Colonial Hospital, having received severe injuries by the droppbg'of the limb of a troo upon him, about ton days ago, whilst ho was in the act of felling it. Wo under- stand that Lawton would havo been brought to towu immediately after tho occurrence of tho accident, hut that no conveyance, but by water, could be ob- tained. Ho was taken to the Hospital on a stretcher, and now lies there in a hopolcss state off sufTeriug. It has been ascertained that tho spino has been sovercly injuredn and tho dorsal vortebraj 1 probably dislocqtod ; one of the shoulders is also seriously hurt. It appears, like, wise, that tho unfortunate mau remained thirteen days unvisited. by .any medical man, ana that thoro aro no hopes of his recovery. A LUXURIOUS COUCH. —Beggars swarm in China,' and their king lives nfc Pekin. They die by the roadside, and aro for- gotten. ' At Pekin there is a largo house, called ' The House of the Hen's Feathers ;' here the floor of an immense hall is strewn three feet deep with feathers ; and into this wallowing sea of down, at a certain hour, all houseless vagabonds who apply for shelter aro turned^ At a beat of tho tam-tam an immense tnrpauling counter- pane comes down unfurling from the ceiling, and spreads over them all, like the wings of a fabulous roo hatching a nost full of eggs. Tho next morning, at a similar beat, it is again drawn up, nnd the vagabonds disperso to show their sores and collocfc their alms.-" The Kingdom of Flowers," in the Eclectic. THE BISHOP OP LONDON PREACHING IN AN OMNIBUS YARD. —A remarkable fathering of the men connected with the avourito Omnibuses assembled on Sunday evening in a carriage-shed al the depot in Upper Street, Islington. Tho largest building in the yard, specially prepared for tho purpose, was crowded to excess hy a most attentive auditory. During tho past four yca^s n religious servico has been conducted on every Sunday morning, for tho benefit of these men, by a olergyman resident in _ tho parish. At 8 o'clock on Sunday night, the servico commenced with a hymn, which was vory heartily sung; then followed the Litany read by the honorary chaplain. Another ? hymn having been sung, tho Bishop road in a clear and emphatic manner the. sixth chapter of St. John's Gospel, and then preached for half-an hour from the 14th verso. Tho sermon was admirably adapted to tho occasion and was listened to throughout with breathless attention. The men employed on the Favorites wore chief pnrt.of the congregation. There were also present the Rev. Daniel Wilson (Vicar of Islington), the Rev. J. Hamilton, the, Rev. M. Thomas (honorary chaplain), nnd tho Revs. D. F. Wilson, J. T. Baylee, Messrs. John Wilson, J. R. Clark, Charles Woodward, D. Clark, tho Rev H. Allon, minister of Union Chopel, &c.; There must have been 600 present at tho service.-Enqlish Paper. PLENTY TO EAT. —I am worse than Noah's Ark-of course I mean in my capacity for taking in animals. I will suppose that I havo reached the allotted term of man's existence-threo score and ton-that I havo been blessed with a good digestion, and that I have dovoured threo meals a day. Setting aside tho forests of vege- tables I have destroyed, the panorama of my animal consumption would take tho regular exhibition period of two hours to unroll. There I should stand at one end like the ark with open mouth, while every liviug creature of tho air, tho earth, or the sea, would move slowly on in solemn pro- cession, disappearing within my all devouring jaws. Tho weight of my individual nourishment in tons< would bo something awful ; its value in sterling monoy might roach £10,000; and in ono horso wagon loads it would number perhaps from 80 to 100. Not content with the flesh of birds, beasts, fishes, reptiles, and insects, I must seize uponthoir bones, and feed upon their skins, oven after tho latter havo been converted into articles of clothing. Ivory dust has long boen sold as an excellent arliclo for jollies ; and so havo bones, hido clippings, and parchment; shavings. No wonder Professor Liebig tolls mo gelatino would not sustiin any man for a month ; no wonder ho tolls me the only difference betwoon this deceptive luxury and joiners' gluo is its greater price; no wonder wo pity the long army I of helpless invalids who havo boen fed with this glassy mockory ; no wonder it trembles when it appears upon a dish, as it thinks what a shameless impostor it is ; for oldkid'pdovoB, nnd older parchment deeds aro ofton the only ingredients of its composition. Gluo and scraps of gloves, boiled down with garlic, aro oaten by my Spanish neighbors ; and my South Sea Island brethren haye made a good dinnor before now from boiled buckskin breeches stuffed with seaweed.-Dickens's House- hold Words. GEOLOGY. —Mr. W. Johnston delivered a highly interesting lecture on "Geology" last evening, at the Temperance Alliance Rooms, which ho profusoly illustrated by diagrams for tho better enlightonmont of his audienco, which was both numerous and respectable. Among those present were His Excellency tho Governor-, with somo of tho junior membors of his family, and sevoral of tho elite of tho city. PLOUGHING MATCH. —On Thursday last a Ploughing Match against timo for £¡¡0 a eülc etime aiton tho farm of J. Blaclclow Ksq. Black Brush. Tho time allowed to plough the two acre» was eight hours, but Patrick Manton managed to plough thora, carrying a nine inch funow in 7ï hours, thus having a quariq¡¡ of nn hour to spare. Tho work was performed with a pair of young mares, rising four years old, the property of Mr. John King, of Bridgewater. The ploughing was executed, iu. a most workman, liku manner, and gave Hie greatest satisfaction, and the ninuor has accomplished one of the greatest feats ever pcrfoinicd in Tasmania. BURNT HOUSES RESTORED. —Messrs Cheverton and. Andrews, who have obtained the contract for «(building the houses destroyed by the late cal atnitous fire at the cotter of Liverpool and Eliza bfcth-sü-fet, have airca 1y rc-ercoti>d thosej oecu pied by Mr. Hollinsdalo and Miss Proosliuj?, and are proceeding with all despatch with those com- prising the block occupied by Messrs Lazarus, Cole, Ward, and Sly. Six months is the timo allowed for the buildings from the foundation, snd there is e\ ery reason to believo that th» whole of the work will be completed within the time prescribed. ALTAR DECORATION. —That portion of the Wesleyan Chapel sel apart for the Holy Com- munion, or, as it is generally termed the altar, has been newly decoraied by Mr. Anderson of Gol'ins-stiee», in u style of art and workmanship of great meii'. The centre consists of an emblematic tablet with oross sid cushion sup- porting the open Bible, and above these is the figure of a descending dove, surrounded by a halo of glory, ns typical of the descent of ihe Holy Ghost upon the chosen disciple* on iho day of Pentecost ; ihn lublpt is surrounded by a scrolled fnuno exceedingly well executed. On ono sido aro tho Lord's Prayer and Iho Belief, and OM the right iho Ten Commandments, the lettering being in tlio old Gotliia character, us Sdcn in some of the Missals of the media) val period, but easily read, and hal monning con- sistently with tho solemn Dftlure of tho subjeot. Tho tuiit ensemble is highly anistio nnd appro printe, au J, seen from any part of iho sacred cdjlice, presents nn ornament particularly adapted to ii Tcmp'o of Wim-Mp. We may odd that the Clnptl lins been newly painted and cleaned throughout, and is now one of the neatest, as. it is the largest placo of worship in ihe colony. A PROPER PROCEEDING. —At the police office yesterday two men, named Howell aud JJyan, appeared in Iho respectivo clmiactcrs of com plalnant and defendant in an assault caae, each being accompanied by his solicitor. Evidence was adduced on both side», whioh will bo found in our Police Hipo«, and from whioh it was quito apparent ta the llonch that one was ns bad as the ollie«. The case was of cour so dismissed, but iho matter did not rç3t here, their Worships (Mesare Tai loton ami Lipscombe) vtry properly hound the parties o\cr to keep the «coco each in his own recognizance for £10« If thU judicious procedure woro adopted in many of tho cases ' which are brought before the Bondi, we should not have to many quarrelsome persons rushing to the police office to lay informations for ¿Jlogcd «.siaults, FOLLY OF LITIGATION. —The proceedings of 1 the last Civil Sittings, more than any wo eau re tolled for some years, have demonstrated in the stiongest possible light th» extremo folly of tui oonsideivd litigation. Of iho trials disposed of several might havo been easily and, wo onaccivc, satisfactorily tu both panics, settled by arbitra- tion, while more than ono cuso ought not to have been brought before iho Ccurt at all, but, liaung been brong'.it the litigants were left lo d"ploro their fully by the payment of expensive costs. The passion for litigation is strong in some persons,so streng that to "have tho law" of another is the consummation of revenge, and in proponiou to the length of tho litigant's purse will be the amount of law lie can «bl tin. And law ia an nrtiole very easily accessible in HoUirt TQWII; nutt «t a variety of prices, accoidjug to, the . amount required, and the Court in whioh the ¡cano ii to,bo adjudicated; this is H great convoui ¡ence to litigious persona, who can (hilt »«otu moiate ihem-clves with law at nil charR.es from vendors who ore alway» quite ready and willing to depose of any quantity that may bo required. If . crsotis tims pmno to Irigation would only reileot a little upon tiio conséquences of their proceedings, tiley would suvo themselves « 'great deni of needless iroublc, anxiety, and expenoe. Différences and disputes will inevitably occur in business and in other matter», but a renour law is of.en the wirst modu to be a lopted fot il.cir settlement. Very many cases could with moro beneficial effect lie referred to mutual friends, or to ordinary arbitration, to the disgust ot some of our lawyers, wo readily admit, but greatly to the ultimate fcatisfuelion of the parlies concerned, both iii the saving of their money, and of the discomposure of tluir tempers. THE EXTRACTION OF ORE FROM AURIFEROUS QUARTZ. —On this subject a correspondent writes as follows:— "In order to accomplish the object designed, the mode of treatment prescribed con- sists in an application of fire to the quartz, until the body of rock becomes heated to a sufficient degree of intensity, arriving at which condition water must be poured at short intervals on the stone mass, and in proper proportions, easily ascertained. An immediate change ensues on the rapid transition, indicated by the desired re- sults, and the operation, successfully achieved, realises the anticipations formed with regard to the suggestion. It is not difficult to assign the moving cause, and to elucidate the natural con- sequences. The fact has been ascertained from repeated experiments that the expansive element cold water, when brought into sudden contact with caloric, generates, besides steam, strong electrical action. On this principle the proposal is based, and it is found on trial that the hard integral substance, subjected to smart shocks from the powerful force which the rubtile fluid exhibits, quickly crumbles into brittle fragments, leaving the precious metal, without fusion, com- pletely disengaged, in a fit state for collection"— Illustrated News. WANTED. —The Philanthropists who are so benevolent as to open the publichouses, free of expense, at election time. Also, the good, Samaritans, »ho pay arrears of rent for people, at about the same period.-In action, an English play of any description within the limits of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland A few ideas for tho walls of the Itoyal Academy. Olio hundred cart loads of Fancy dresses, dolls, and old furniture, may be taken in exchange. Some newer tub far tho whale-taking trade, then a cry of devolution to oatch a pension. Address, Buckinghamshire. - Dickena's " Jil (he liar Round." i < AN AMERICAN PEDIGREE. —A correspondent writes to the editor as to tho best means of tracing his family bai.k in genealogical snecessiou. Tho editor replies, " We should advise him 'ta engage the services of soma experienced detee» tive police officer." SORROW FOR THE DEAD. —Sorrow for the dead is the only sonow from which wo refuse to ba divorced. Every other wound we seek to heal -every oilier affliction to forget I-but this wound we consider it a duty to keep open-»ais. afflïotion we cherish and brood over in solitude* MISSING. —On all occasions, the man who is responsible for anything done ill in the publia service. Ile will particularly oblige by coming; for«ard.-A Notice lo Ecclesiastical Mariners, pointing out the safe middle course to steer, between the Low Church Bocks aud the High Church Quioksands. Also, a manual of instruc- tions for tho accurate trimming of sails, when the storms of clerical remonstrance blow together from two différent points of the compass. Address (post paid), tho Commauding Officer ot her Majesh's Sliip Diocese of Oxford.-Dickens's All the Year Round." MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. —The lecture this evening will be delivered by G. Turnley Esq., who takes for his subject-''Natural Philosophy." WESLEYAN TEA MEETING. —The Circuit Tea Meeting, pns'poned on Tuesday on account of the inclemency of the weather, will take piano ibis evening at six o'clook in the Melville-street. School-room. I.AND REGULATIONS. —We have to acknow- ledge Iho receipt of an Abstraot of tho Various Lund Regulations in forco in Tasmania since 184.it, including the Waste Lands Aatjwhiah lias been politely for« arded by the Sui'veyor-Renerol. Th's Unto work, which is in the form of a neat pamphlet, 1ms boen prepared at the Survey Olilco by order of the Colonial Secretary and coiisequcnily the corrootness, uf fa contents are guaranteed ; it comprises every requisite infoira afton oonnto'ed with tho pnrcbaie, or ranting; of tim Crown Lands, and constitutes a valuable guide to the immigrivm, or, indeed, to any on« to whom the possession of a farm or a hone. stead is on object of importance ; it is printed by the Government printer in a compendious and portable form. THE SUBMARINE CABLE. —By Mail last even- ing Capt. Lucas was a passenger to Launceston en route to Melbourne, having been selected bg Messrs. MoNanghtaii & Co. the oontrnctors, ra the most competent ptrsou to have charge of the boals, by which the Cable will be landed at King's Island and the other places «hioU it will eras in tho Straits. My. Jas. Johnson also an experienced hand in a boat aocompanies Capt Lucas, hoth ol whom willi their crows will join, the " Omeo" in Melbourne. SERIOUS ASSAULT. —A quarrel occurred on board the Oriental barque cleared oat, for Lyttletoti.N. Z., yesterday afternoon, between two of the seamen named George FelN PaTtbrooko and James Forrest, during which Forrest at- tempted to stab Fullbrooko but the latter avoided the blow and went further aft.when Forrest hurled tho knife at the retreating man and infliotcdt upon him a wound an inch anti a half in depth, and three quarters of an inch in length beÏBw the ribs on the left side, but fortunately the weapon did not penetrate the cavity oC tua abdomen or the result must have been fatal, Tho injured man was at once taken to the Hos pital where the wound was dressed and ha was then taken on boa rd. Forrest was taken, into custody n tltoit lime nftor the assault by Constable Mahony after n severe resistance and will be brought up at tho Police Office this morning. DARING BURGLARY. —About onE o'clock yesterday morning tho woman servant in Mr Hnywood's employ, in Elizabeth-street, hearing an nnusual noise in the houso called hor raas£»r up, and upon procoedinjr to tho spot front whence) tho noiso enmo ho found ti man will» his legs down the iron grating, loading iato; am underground kitchen. Scuing hold of him Mr Hay wood would hava secured tho villa n, hajl not a second individual who wis standing in then immediate vicinity threatened to knoeS his. brains out with the grating if ho did not lot go» his mate, which ho was eventually coro'icllcd to do, In the shufllo ono of tho men, u tiekot-of leave, holder who only carno ont of gaol on tho previous day, ilroppe'l his pass, which of coursa was htmled over ta the polico. Shortly after- wards Mr. Walker's boot nr.d shoo shop which is a few doors higher np t'no street, was entcrod by a person getting through tho grating, and stealing 2t> pairs of hoots nnd n coat. Nothing was heard of tho perpctrutois of tlicso doedsi until the afternoon, when tho ticket-of-leavoi min, whose iiarao is Smith, was apprehended! on tho Wharf with a pair of Walker's boato upon his feet. Tho second man had not beer* hoard of np to last night. Wo have previously cautioned persons about not having any fasten- ing* to their gratings, and wo h.ivu boen very crolibly informed that in Eli/Hiboth-sti cet alono thora uro no less thin from l8 to 20 of them without the slightest fastening or anything to seeuro them from being mado uso of by nny thief who may ho tempted to appropriait}, another person's property. SHARES AT A PREMIUM. —Mr. William Car- penter purchased yesterday from Mr. William Duncan, of the Wilmot Arms, Fingal, his shares in the Fingal Gold Quartz Crushing Company, at a premium, a circumstance shew- ing the public confidence entertained in the Company. The defectiveness of the machinery at present employed is a drawback, but very soon there will be powerful machinery at work. No less we understand than eight Quartz Crush- ing Companies are now in the progress of arrangement. —C. Chronicle, July 13. CIIURCH PATRONAGE, ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL \- Iho adjourned, meeting of the. members of the Church of England, wiihin ijlc curo of Su David's, for the election of a "iVronoge Com- mittee for S,t. David's, will be b,0ld this evening at 7 o'clock, in the School 11 oom. Harrington stwi-r, GENERAL POST OFFICE, 13th July 1859.— List of letter» posted »'ni, day insufficiently slampod or ¡(not stamped at all_Miss Surah Ann Fenton, Uiver Styx. 0. A. Kemp Esq.. Green Ponds. Mrs. W. Crosby,. 2 Flinders-lane Ea'it, Melbourne. Mr. Henry Wade, care of C. .r : Uoberts Esq., Flinders-lano< East, Melbourne. Mrs. J. W. Baker, No. 0(1' Gertrndi»street, Collingwood, Melbourne:. Messrs. 1',. Ij-nmigon & Bro. Publishers, 371 Broadway, New York, Mr. Frank J. Beaumont,, caro of Utaijamin Joy Esq., Badijo Port, Upperr Californiii. Joseph Knight Cosey Esa.., M..DL Apple River Staiion, Counly Illinois, Amoricuw G. W. Stokley E=ii., Itoyol Engineer,Coafns, Ionian Islands. William .Ford iJsq., Solicitor, Gve.j's Inn, London. THE LATE ACCIDENT AT NORTH WEST BAY. —The unfortunate man Lawton, who was so «ericusly injured at North West Bay by tile full of a tree some lime since, as noticed in our issue qf yesterday, died at 11er Majesty's General, Hospital joîterday evening, . Thu trailo are lemliidea tuot this clay, nt two for hïlf-' .past,\V. A. Ouosilon ,t Co. will soil by »uoUon, at the \- UoTonuacnt Slaughtor Yarda, tho caree of cattle per .Qlonooe, 78 really ehcioo bullock», f ' 