THE WHITE QUEEN OF THE FLAMES (FROM WYOMING: ITS. HISTORY, STIRRING INCIDENTS, AND ROMANTIC ADVENTUREs. ยก BY GEORGE PECK, D.D.) AMONG the enterprising emigrants from the East to the famous Valley of Wyoming was a member of the Society of Friends, by the name of Jonathan Slocum. The place of his previous residence was Warwick, Rhode Island. He emigrated in 1777, with his wife and nine children. The road through the swamp had now been so far improved as to allow, although with great difficulty, waggons to pass. Mr. Slocum removed with his family and effects in a large covered waggon. He located himself near the fort, on lands a portion of which are now in possession of the family, within the present borough of Wilkes-barre near the public square. Mr. Slocum, being from principle a non-combatant considered himself and his family comparatively free from danger from the attacks from the savages. His son Giles, not practising upon the principles in which he had been trained at home, took up arms with the settlers in defence of their hearths and homes against the anticipated attacks of the Indians and Tories. He was in the famous Indian battle in 1778, and it is supposed that this circumstance was the occasion of the terrible vengeance taken upon the family. The battle had taken place in July, and thenceforward, until the conclusion of peace with England, parties of Indians continued to visit the valley to steal, make prisoners, kill, and scalp, as opportunity offered. On the second day of November of this year a party of Delaware Indians visited Wyoming, and directed their way to Mr. Slocum's residence. Nathan Kingsley had been made prisoner by the Indians, and his wife and two sons were taken in by Mr. Slocum and afforded the protection and comforts of a horse. When the Indians came near, they saw the two Kingsley boys grinding a knife before the door. The elder of the lads was dressed in a soldier's coat, which, it is presumed, was the special reason of his being marked as a victim. One of the savages took deadly aim at this young man, and he fell. The discharge of the gun alarmed Mrs. Slocum, and she ran to the door, when she saw the Indian scaling the young man with the knife which he had been grinding. She secreted herself until she saw a stalwart Indian lay hold of her son Ebenezer, a little lad, who, by an injury in one of his feet, had been made lame. The idea that the little fellow would fail to keep up with the party, and would be cruelly butchered, rushed with such force upon the mind of the mother that she forgot all considerations of personal safety, and, running up to the Indian, and pointing at the foot of the boy, she exclaimed, " The child is lame ; he can do thee no good." Little Frances, about five years old, had had, as she supposed, under the stairs, but had been discovered by the Indians. The savage dropped the boy and seized the little girl, and took her up in his arms. All the entreaties of the mother in this case were treated with savage scorn. The oldest daughter ran away with her youngest brother, about two years old, with such speed and in such affright that the savages, after yelling hideously at her, roared out laughing. They took the remaining Kingsley boy and a colored girl, and away they went, little Frances screaming to " mamma" for help, holding the locks of hair from her eyes with one hand, and stretching out the other. There were three Indians in the gang, and each having a prisoner, they fled to the mountain. An alarm was giving at the fort, which was not more than a hundred rods from Mr. Slocum's house, but the wily savages escaped with such celerity, and hid themselves so securely, that no traces of them could be found. That was a gloomy evening in the Slo- cum family. Mr. Slocum was from home when the descent upon his peaceful dwelling was made by the ruthless savages. He returned to see the gory corpse of young Kingsley, and to find Mrs. Slocum writhing in agony on account of poor little Frances, who was in the hands of a band of Indians, whom her frenzied imagination pictured out as so many demons just let loose from Tophet. Mr. Slocum was petrified with horror, but the deep current of his grief, with characteristic self-control, was not allowed to break over all its natural barriers. Sobs and broken sentences gave character to the scene around that desolate hearth. Sleep fled from that family circle. The last look at the in nocentlittle creature, with outstretched hands and streaming eyes, and dishevelled locks, and her shrieks of " Mamma ! mamma !'.' haunted their imagination like ghosts of darkness'. And than the question, which no human reason could solve was " What would become of the child?" Would she be cruelly murdered ; or would she suffer a lingering death from want of comfortable food and clothing? Any supposition which was at all probable seemed worse than death. The heart stricken family passed a little more than a month in sadness and gloom not then to find relief to their aching hearts, but to feel another blow from savage hands still more terrible. The venerable historian of Wyoming, Hon. Charles Miner says : " The cup of vengeance was not yet full. December 16th, Mr. Slocum and Mr. Isaac Tripp his father-in-law, an aged man, with William Slocum, a youth of nineteen or twenty, were feeding cattle from a stack in the meadow, in sight of the fort, when they were fired upon by Indians. Mr. Slocum was shot dead ; Mr. Tripp, wounded, speared, and tomahawked : both were scalped. William wounded by a spent ball in the heel, escaped, and gave the alarm, but the alert and wily foe had retreated to his hiding place in the mountain. This deed, bold as it was cruel, was perpetrated within the town plot, in the centre of which the fortress was located Thus, in little more than a month, Mrs. Slocum had lost a beloved child, carried into captivity ; the doorway had been drenched in blood by the murder of an inmate of the family; two others of the household had been taken away prisoners and now her husband and father were both stricken down to the grave, murdered and mangled by the merciless Indians. Verily, the annals of Indian atrocities, written in blood, record few instances of desolation and woe to equal this 1" The husband and the father were dead, and their ashes reposed beneath the green turf. Time gradually modified the poignancy of the widow's grief, occasioned by the cruel death of her loved husband and venerated father ; but Frances, poor child ! she knew not where she was. Suspense, more terrible than death hung over her fate. The lapse of time only increased the vividness of the traces of memory relating to the minutest circumstances connected, nearly or remotely, with the sad tragedy of her capture. The mother called up all the little griefs and disappointments which family discipline had inflicted upon her dear child. One circumstance distressed her almost in- curable. Frances had a pair of new shoes, and as a matter of economy, she had been required to lay them up for colder weather. She went away with bare feet, and in that condition would doubtless be obliged to travel rough roads, and perhaps through the frost and snow to make long journeys. " Oh ! if the poor little creature only had her shoes 1" The little shoes were a source of torture to the soul of the bereaved mother for long and weary years. Time passed, and Mrs. Slocum's sons had become prosperous business men and peace having been concluded with Great Britian, and every effort made upon the part of Congress to conciliate the Indian tribes, the young men began to meditate serious effort to recover their sister, or, at least, to ascertain her fate. In 1784 two of the brothers visited Niagara, and made inquiries of the Indians, and offered them liberal rewards if they would give any information concerning their sister. Their mission was without the least shadow of success, no trace of the lost one having been discovered. They returned, after an absence of several weeks, with the impression that Frances was dead! They thought it almost impossible that the secret should be kept if Frances were above ground, especially as a reward had been offered for the information, which would be exceedingly tempting to the cupidity of the Indians. They did not consider that, when an Indian undertakes to keep a secret, nothing can break the seal of his lips, nor especially the criminality and disgrace of betraying to white men secrets confided by Indians. Little Frances was extensively known among the Canadian and Western Indians, but she was now a treasure which Indians felt a common interest in con- cealing. * * - Colonel Ewing, a gentleman connected with the public service among the Indians, having acquired the language in use among the "Western tribes, and having business with these tribes, made frequent journeys through the wilderness and among the Indian settlements. On one of these journeys he happened to be benighted near what was called " The Deaf Man's Village," on the Missisinewa, a branch of the Wabash. He asked for and received the hospitalities of a respectable Indian dwelling. The mistress of the' house was a venerable and respectable looking Indian woman, to whom great deference was paid by the whole family circle, composed of children and grandchildren. Colonel Ewing was weary and rather indisposed, and, after taking some refreshments, he laid himself down to rest upon some skins in a corner of the room." The family disappeared, with the exception of the venerable head of the circle, and she lingered, being busy with some of her small arrangements for the night. The colonel's attention was attracted to the color of her skin and hair, and shrewdly suspecting that she was a white woman, he commenced conversation with her. She said she was a white woman, and was carried into captivity by the Indians when a child, and her father's name was Slocum. She had never revealed her history before, for fear that her white relations might come and take her away. But she was now old, and should not stay much longer and she was willing, if any of them were alive, that they should know where she was. [The colonel wrote to the postmaster of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, communicating these facts, which, after the lapse of two more years, came to the knowledge of the relatives of the long-lost Frances Slocum, several of whom set out for Logansport, Indiana, near which place the venerable white square was living, as Queen of the Miami tribe.] At length, after hard toiling, most of the way over horrible roads, through a new country, the brother and sister arrived. For persons in advanced life they had almost performed miracles of endurance ; they were much fatigued, but they did not delay long until they were on the line of march for the house of Frances. On their way they paid their respects to Godfrey, the second chief of the Miamis, who was an exceedingly large man, of fine proportions and noble bearing. The chief received them with great courtesy, and promised them his good offices in the matter of their visit, should they be needed. The party left the chief, and hastened on to the point of interest. They entered the decent Indian cabin con- structed of logs and quite roomy-and found the mistress of the house sitting in her chair. Still she was not jars posed to converse freely. She gave a brief account of her family and the circumstances of her capture, but seemed utterly unmoved, and not free from suspicion that there was some plan in operation to take her away or to get her land. The brothers walked the floor with emotions too deep and overwhelm- ing for utterance-the sister wept. Could it be possible that this Indian woman was the dear little Frances, whose sweet smiles lingered in their memory, and which they could scarcely do any other than identify with her still? Has she-dear Frances-been metamorphosed into this stoical, iron-hearted Indian woman-old, wrinkled, and cold as an iceberg? But there could be no mistake about it. She said her father's name was Slocum ; he was a Quaker, and wore a broad brimmed hat ; he lived near a fort by a great river ; she had seven brothers and two sisters ; her brother hammered other finger-nail ; she was taken from under the staircase ; three Indians took her, with a boy and a black girl, a great many winters ago, when she was a little child. The question was settled; this was Frances. She was now a widow. Her husband was a chief. She had two daughters ; the younger of the two had lost her husband ; the husband of the elder was a half-breed his father a Frenchman and his name was Brouriette, who managed the out-door affairs of the family, subject always to the views and feelings of the queen mother in-law. The family circle scrupulously followed the lead of the venerated head of the household, making no advances, exhibiting no emotion. On this occasion only, one tender chord was touched. The long lost sister had forgotten her own name. She was asked if she thought she could remember it if she should hear it mentioned. Her answer was, " It is a long time : I do not know." " Was it Frances ?" Something like emotion instantly agitated her iron-cast features, and, with a smile, she answered in the affirmative, France, France." * * * They had frequent conferences, during which the following questions and answers are reported: "Were you ever tired of living with the Indians?" "No; I always had enough to live on, and have lived well. The Indians always used my kind])'." " Did you know that you had white relations who were seeking you for so many years ?" " No ; no one told me, and I never heard of it. I never thought anything about my white relations unless it was a little while after I was taken." " We live where our father and mother used to live, on the banks of the beautiful Susquehanna, and we want you to return with us. We will give you of our property, and you shall be one of us, and share all that we have. You shall have a good house, and everything you desire. Oh I do go back with us !" " No, I cannot. I have always lived with the Indians ; they have always used me very kindly ; I am used to them. The Great Spirit has always allowed me to live with them, and I wish to live and die with them. Your iuah-puh-mone (looking glass may be larger than mine, but this is my home. I do not wish to live any better, or anywhere else, and I think the Great Spirit has permitted me to live so long because I have always lived with the Indians. I should have died sooner if I had left them. My husband and my boys are buried here, and I cannot leave them. On his dying day my husband charged me not to leave the Indians. I have a house and largo lands, two daughters, a son-in-law, three grandchildren, and everything to make me comfortable ; why should I go and be like a fish out of the water ?" * * * The brothers and sister returned to their homes with mingled emotions of pleasure and pain. They had found their long lost sister Frances but they had found her and left her an Indian with almost every trace of Christian civilisa- tion erased, both from her soul, body, and being. She looked like an Indian talked like an Indian, lived like an Indian, seated herself like an Indian, are like an Indian, lay down to sleep like an Indian thought, felt, and reasoned like an Indian ; she had no longings for her original home, or the society of her kindred: she eschewed the trammels of civilised life, and could only breathe freely in the great unfenced out- doors which God gave to the Red Man. There was, however, this to comfort the Slocum's ; their sister was not degraded in her habits or her character ; there was a moral dignity in her manners entirely above ordinary savage life ; her Anglo-Saxon blood had I not been tainted by savage touch, but bore itself gloriously amid the long series of trials through which it had passed. She was the widow of a deceased chief; she was rich ; all that abundance and respectability could do for a woman in savage life was hers. Such was the former Frances Slocum, of Wyoming now Ma-con-a-qua, the Indian Queen of the Miamis. The problem was settled, the veil of sixty years cast over the history and fate of a captive child was now finally removed. 