CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT TUESDAY, OCTOBER, OCTOBER 4. BEFORE Mr. Justice Dickinson. The Court opened at ten o'clock. Barristers present-The At- tomoy-Orneral, Mos«rs. Holroyd, Windeyer, Butler,'Milford, Fauco't, Somerville, und Simp'on. !.» UK WILLIAM SMITH. Mr. Holroyd mido an illcati in, us it wa« not tho Intention or ttto A i rnev- Gencral to file a hill ngiln«t William S-nlth for man "laughtir (Fine ¡two» a eise of justin .hie homicide), to have his recognls mees discharged, ho being out on bill. | Th> Mtorney-Genorul consenting, the Court made the order prayed for. RAPE In tho ease of John Emerson, iried yestcrdiy for rape, the jury having como Into Court, after hnving been locked up all niant, and stated that they, could not agree upon a verdict, were dis ° M^Mltrord here nuked his Honor, as this was an important case, thu ho -hould rennest sn-ne attorney to assist him in tho cb illeng inKofthniury, ii, oaso the Attorncy-Gauerul put the prisoner on ^r no 'i*Ä'v-Oeneral hnvlnpr stated that he should certainly try the pinner "glin, the Judge request, d Mr. p<'^n,,l\'° ?"''"V.u1: Mili »rd and Mr. Simpson, who had undmuken the dofenco of tho n> I'onrr, at the request of the Court. Mr. Pownall assented to the rCAt'n later hnurnf tho d.y, Mr. Milford asked to hayo tho oa«o pnstpnncd tilt the l.stduy of tho slain*«, or even till he next IU-SI/OS, as. In looking over the depositions and consulting his learned friends, he ti., ught it would be necessary to have the evi- dence of the medical man nh> examined tbo girl, and of her brother, who first give his mother an intimation concerning tho nrisnnor which arousedlher suspicions, and led uUimutolvtn the present proo«odlngi. ile further requested a copy ;of tho Judge s no'os during the trial. ,, Tho Attorney-General mid ho had no object on to postpone the trial till Friday ; but, na for the lalter application, be considered it a very novel one and wl.huut precedent. At »nvrnto the evi donro was clear enough, and there was nothing diftloult about It. His Honor considered the npnliouion Tor his notes of the trial a rather novel one, ard which, if granted, miirht form an Incon- venient precedent. He was liwara that tue public wero under a delusion that the JucWa notes were public property, but that was a mistnko, for they wero the Judge's own prime property, and, In faot he need not take notes at all unle»s ho liked. He had seen moro than one« a Judgo at nisi prills declining to tako any notes. Some day ho should take his st ind upon this point. Tho le irncd Jadeo ihen informed Mr. Milford that ho would coni-ldcr his ap- plication for his notes,und .hat on Friday ho might make a further application for tho postponement of rho trial. MANBLAÜOnTKB. James Martin was inn..-,.» for having on tho 2Sth August, 1819, at Cabramatta Bush, New S mth Wulrs, feloniously and un- lawfully killed and slain one Wi.liam It »thford. Tho prisoner, who was und fended, pleaded not guilty. The Attorney-Goner ii, hi» ing stated the faota or tho ease, called tho following wi nesses, Jurie Knight, Iaaao Scott Ning, and John Henson Watson. Jane Knight deposed that she hld resided with Williwin Roth ford, at Cabrumatta Bush, for about eight months; recollected Kothtnrd going on S iturdny, 27th Aug ist, with tho prisoner ; Uothford carno b ick the worse for liquor that evoning. Tho next dav the prisoner said to Rnhford, " I have lust five shillings ; Rothford said, " If you have, o uno ii to Liverpool with rae, and I « 111 treat you to a glnss ;'? nil thrto then went to Liverpool : at llie first public-hou-o prisoner had a pot of beer and two nobblers of brandy, and it- tilford t«o nobblers of brandy ; nt another house ll»ry had nobblers, and both wero the worse for drink; they started nhnut a quarti r-ptst 10 p.m. to go homo ; when they arrived home Rotl.ford, who was verv oros«, mid to hor, " If you don't g» t out of my wav I'll walk into ton," sbe then went away ; sbo heard him say to prison, r, " come James, Its timo to break up now, I want to go to bid;" ab mt flvo minutes afcorwurda sbo beard a noise and two blows struck, but did not see who struck tho other; sho run into the hut and saw the prisoner kneeling on Rot-iford, who layon his back with his arms spread out; she said to Martin " whut aro you doing, are you killing bim"; ho sold, " if you don't make yourself scarce, I'll servo you tho same" ; Martin held Rothford by the throat with his left tidna, and in his right held u stick (a piece of firewood produced) ; Rn.hford never moved, and sho run for at- ststanoe, but nobody carno; «ho then w.utbick, lifted up tho head of Rothford, and saw blood Issuing from a wound lo tho crown of his head he never spoke aficrwnrd»; the prisoner was standing by, butaatd nothing -, io a quarter of an hour ho went away aud said he hoped ¿othford wou'»1 bo better in tho morning; Rothford lived from Sunday night to Weducsday morning following; prisoner came next mo ning to ask for Ruthford and then went for a medical rain ; before this unhappy day Rotbford and Martin had been ou good terms. Isaac Scott Ning, legally qualified medical praolitfoner, of Liver- pool, deposed thal on Monday, August 29th, prliontr carno there and asked him to go and see a mon whom ho hud assaulted; ho went and found Rothford lying innensiblo ; be ex- amined his head and found a lacerated wound on the top portion of the back part of the bead about an inch in breadth ; bo considered it a very dangerous wound ; on the following morning be saw bim in company with Dr. Watson ; the cnuso of dt-.uh was injury to the brain from external violence; a bluw from ibe «tick pr-duc d might have caused such on Injury ; he examined tho spot whero the scuffle took place, and saw a small dead sipling, on which was blond; there were prjections in the sapling where tbo blood was; if Uothford'» head bad beeu brough« violently Into oontact with the sapling that would have caused the injury produced. By a Juryman: There were other marks on tho head of Roth ford, but not serious ones. By ths Judge : Then» was one mark that might have heon occa- sioned by ii blow, or the rupture of a blood vessel; tho mark was horizontal, and would havo boen occasioned by falling against the sapling. Jane Knight, recalled : Saw no Moot on the stick produced. John Benton Watson, legally qualified medical practitioner, of Liverpool, dep »ed that he examined the sapling ; if the deceased had fallen against tbe sapling, it would have produced the wound he saw on his hoad ; ho found blood on a knob on the sapling, and blood near it ; the sapling was within a few yards of the hut door, Bv tbo prisoner : The stick would have caused the injury he found in the man's skull. This concluded tbe case for tho Crown. The prisoner, in his defence, denii d tbst he had ever a stick in his hand. He bad hud some quarrel with tbe deceased about Are i shillings, that he (tho p< isoner) had lost, and whioh he supposed tbe woman had taken. Rjthford was very drunk, aud rushed at bim witt, an axe, and be then knocked him down. Tbs Judge having mmmcil up, tbo jury, without retiring, found the prisoner guilty of muntlaugU'er, but intimated their opinion ibat the deceased met his death by falling against the sapling. The prisoner was sentcnoed to six months' imprisonment with hard labour lu Darlinghurst gaol. BTMLIKO UONKT. John Smith was Indicted for having, on the 30tb August. 18Î9, on board a vessel called the Hunter, on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the Snprrme Court, feloniously stolen a certain sum of money, to wit £78, the oroperty of one Moiah Chee. The prisoner, who was undefended, pleaded not guilty. Tbo Attorney-General having sUiUd the facts of the ease, and called the tallowing witnesses : Mui Ah Chee, Ah Soy, John Gerber, and Prince Little. Moi Ah Cbeo, h iving been sworn on a candle, gave tbe follow- ing ividence through tho interpreter : He waa a passenger in the steamer Humer, from the Clyde, about four weeks ago ; the prisoner was uboard, driuking a'l day with bim; witness had JB78 in notes-sixty-tight ill notes and one £10 note-in bis trousers pocket; be was eeu-sick, «nd went to sleep in a berth down below ; Ah Soy slept oppukho to bim ; the money was safe when be laid down ; he had never shown the money to the prisoner ; when Ab Soy woke him up he fouud all his money gone und his pockets tumid Instoe out. Ah Sor, u passenger by the Hunter on the occasion referred to, elated that tbe prisoner carno over to his berth, shook hands with him, and asked him how he was-, he then went over to Moy Ah Cnee'n berth, and remuined there four or flvo minutes ; Hoy Ah Chee was then asleep ; nobody eltu went near the berth ; when the prisoner went uwuy. Moy ub Chee awoke »nd tnlísed bis money ; there were only six Chinamen uboard. John Gerber, fore cabin Btcwurd of the Hunter : Knew the pri- soner, who had been several times witu bim up and down ; on the Si'th August lhere were aoout sixteen pas'cngera forward; pri- soner did not go to bed when wilno a did, at ten p.m. ; before they started from Nelligan prisoner carno ana said to ulm, "John, I have n favour to ask you ;" witness »aid, " What is li 7 I hope it is not money matters ;" he «uid, "Yes, I have n» money to pay my passage, If you'll pay it for me, I'll pay jou buen in Sydney ;" witness did pay the money, twenty-tUe shilling»; the Hunter belonged to the illawarra Steam Navigation Company, and carried the British flag ; he heard of the robbery betwctn twelve and one am. of iho 31st August; after the rubbery tbo prisoner paid bira for two nobblers of brandy, but did not pay baok tho passage mouty. Prince Little, Wutcr Police constable, took the prisoner into custody in Sydney Cove aboard the Hunter; when searched, he bud a Portemonnaie con'aiidngnine £1 n^tes and 0s. «d. in silver ; tho steward said to prisoner, " Yau told mc you had no money to pay your passage ;" prisoner said, " That's no reason why I should'nt have uny ;" when taken ashore prisoner asked him if he thuught It was any use to employ a lawyer. Moi Ab Chee recalled : The notes produced wert his; bo had twenty or thiriymarkcd B. The prisoner, iii his defence, said that a witness, who was sworn al tho Police Court, but who was not present, had deposed that ho hud seen the money in his pos«essIon bef »re ho wont abjard the. boat. Tho money was not bis, but belonged to another perooii, and that wai only why he borrowed his passage money, " The Judge, having summed up, the jury, after a brief consulta- tion, returned a verdict of no guilty. . ASSAULT ON THE HIGH SEAS William Crockett, on bail, was indicted for, that he did, on the 7th July, 1859, aboard the ship Winifred, on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, assault, beat, wound, and ill-treat one William Grey. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Milford ; attorney, Mr. Ryan Brenan. The Attorney-General having opened the case, called the fol- lowing witnesses : William Grey, and John Higgins. William Grey, a seaman on board the Winifred, a British ship, deposed, that he shipped at Liverpool. In England, the 1st of April last ; the defendant was captain of the vessel ; he sailed the 5th of April; recollected the second mate being lost overboard on the 9th June; an hour previously he had been working with him on the top gallant forecastle; hearing he was overboard witness ran aft there was not a heavy sea on, and a boat would easily have lived in it; he gave the alarm, but the Captain was not on deck; all hands mustered on the poop, about four minutes after- wards the oaptain and mate came on to the poop; the mate had a life- buoy In his arms, and asked the captain If he should heave it; the captain made no reply ; the second mate was then in sight going astern; the llfe-buoy was not thrown overboard, and the captain and mate walked away off the poop; no sails were backed, nor anything done to save the second mate ; the captain was drunk at the time ; that evening the captain called him aft, and asked him who was overboard, and how did he fall overboard ; he told him that the second mate was overboard, and that he was knocked over board by the lee jib sheet when he was working at the lee Jib guy; on the 7th July, at sea, witness was up aloft in the afternoon, when the chief officer called him down; he went down immediately; the captain came on the quarter-deck, and all hands were called aft ; the mate asked him if he had a document made out, so as to report in Sydney about losing the second mate overboard; he said he had not ; he had not drawn up a document; the mate then asked John Higgins if it was true that witness had said he would get out a summons against captain and mate, for losing the second mate overboard; Higgins said it was; he had said so; but he denied it, because he was afraid of the Captain, and of getting a blow from a slung shot, for he had seen one used aboard by the captain on a boy now in the hospital; he had seen the mate strike John Higgins with it ; all hands were on the quarter-deck for ten minutes, and were then sent to supper ; he, the captain, and mate, remained there; the captain was drunk, cursing and swearing, saying that he was Rob Roy, Glengary, and didn't care for God man, or magistrate; the mate then put two pairs of handcuffs on witness, by the captain's orders, and made him fast to a ring-bolt on the deck ; the captain then struck him in the face and left eye; before he was shackled, and again afterwards with his knuckles ; he did not know if he had anything on his knuckles, but they were very hard ; his face was cut, his nose bled, and his eye was bunged up ; when he struck him, he swore by the Holy Ghost that he would kill him, and would give him a life-buoy ; he afterwards kicked him in the face on the same side; he had slippers on; witness was fastened down for two hours, and was then released by the mate ; it was cold weather at the time, the ship being well to the southward ; before the mate released him, on going to tea, he washed his hands of the blood that had fallen on him from witness' wounds, as he was shackling him down to the deck ; the next day he had to walk the poop with the life-buoy in his arms as a punishment. By Mr. Milford : He shipped as able seaman ; would swear he did not lead the crew aft in the channel to make the captain put the ship back ; she was leaky and had a bad name for that, and . they told the mate, they wanted to pump the ship out in their watch, and not be kept up to do it when it was their watch below ; on the 9th.June; when the second mate went overboard, the ship had all sail set and was going before the wind ; John McKeoun threw a rope to the second mate ; the life- buoy was kept in the after-cabin ; on the night of the occurrence he signed a paper to the effect that the second mate had been lost overboard, and that all means had been used to save him, but he did it under compul- sion (the paper was produced and read) the same night, and several nights afterwards on the forecastle he told the men that he would proceed against the mate and captain, in Sydney, for not attempting to save the second mate ; all the men said that they would sign a paper to that effect ; on the 7th July, neither the captain nor mate told him to go forward with the other men but the mate ordered him to stand, and sung out to the steward for the handcuffs ; the mate must have seen the captain strike him ; the boy Gilmore was turned out of the forecastle for stealing witness's bread and sugar, and not because he was covered with sores; he had not seen the captain put ointment no the boy's sores; the piece of rope produced he spliced, but he did it after he had been struck across the head by the captain with a cutlass, and hardly knew what he was doing. By the Attorney-General: He had been eight years at sea ; the Winifred made a good deal of water, and had to be pumped every two hours ; she had a bad name, having twice before put back to Liverpool leaky ; before he signed the paper the mate presented to him, he had seen the mate use the sling shot, and the captain hit the boy Gilmore with it : the captain had told him and others to throw the boy Gilmore overboard; he had often seen the captain ill-use the boy. John Higgins, able seaman aboard the Winifred, recollected the 7th of July ; was at the wheel, which he took at four pm., and heard Grey sing out "Murder! Murder!" He saw Gray after six o'clock, in the forecastle ; there was a lot of blood about his eyes, and his face was all cut ; the captain was three-parts drunk that afternoon ; when the second mate went overboard the captain came aft to him at the wheel, and asked who it was ; after this, and before Grey was assaulted, the captain asked him what Grey said about the matter ; he told him that Grey said he would report it when he got to Sydney ; the captain then wanted him to get another of his shipmates to certify to this ; he made a memorandum of what had happened, and missed it a week after- wards ; the captain told him shortly after that he (the captain) knew more about his (witness) business, than he did himself. By Mr. Milford : He was at the wheel when the second mate went overboard, and the ship was going five and a-half knots at the time ; the spllce produced (done by Grey) was not good. By a juryman : When the second mate went overboard the mate asked the captain if he should heave the life-buoy, but the captain made no answer. By Mr. Milford : The second mate sunk about two yards astern. By the Judge : When the captain and mate came on deck, the second mate was still visible. Mr. Milford then addressed the jury for the defence, and called Richard Harrington, who deposed that he was chief officer of the Winlfred ; in the Channel all hands came aft to put the ship back ; William Grey was the ringleader ; he told them to go into the forecastle ; he had been at sea twelve years ; the crew of the Winifred was a very bad one, and they were lncom- petent to do their duty ; when he heard the second mate was over- board, he ran for the life buoy and woke tho captain ; when he got on deck he could not see the second mate ; he saw the ropes hanging over the ship's side which had been thrown to the second mate ; he did not heave the buoy overboard, as it would have been useless; there was a dingy laying keel upwards on tho poop, but she.would not have lived In the water; if the ship's head had been suddenly brought to the wind, the masts must have gone by the board ; every effort was made to save the second mate's life ; he never saw the captain ill-use the boy Gilmore, but he gave him some shirts of his own to keep him clean ; the boy was never struck with a sling-shot ; be had seen Grey ill-use the boy ; the captain gave the boy ointment to put on his sores ; remembers the 4th of July, not the 7th, when Grey was fastened to tho deck ; did not see the captain hit Grey ; witness put the handcuffs on him ; previous to this the crew seemed dissatisfied, and were mustered aft ; Higgins said that Grey wanted them all to sign the protest ; Grey was not ordered forward with the rest of the crew, but was put in irons; he had no blood on his hand from Grey's wound ; he was not an hour in handcuffs ; he noticed no cuts on his face next day, nor nothing particular about him. By the Attorney-General : Never saw the captain the worse for liquor during the voyage; he was always able to do his duty; Higgins was not a good seaman ; there was only one good aboard -a Spaniard ; the Winifred was not a leaky ship ; he never used a sling-shot to any on board ; he had ropes-ended some of the crew, but never William Grey; Gilmore was treacherous ; won't swear the captain may not have struck Grey when in irons ; it was not usual to punish a man the way Grey was punished; he was punished because he excited the crew to rebel ; he wrote the paper from Grey's dictation about the drowning of the second mate ; there was a difference in all the crew after the second mate was drowned; they appeared to be against him and the captain; he had ropes-ended Gilmore. By Mr. Milford : He did find out till the 4th July that Grey had made the men dissatisfied, and he was put in irons for doing that. The Attorney-General having replied, tho Judge summed up, and after deliberating for twelve mlnutes the jury returned into Court with a verdict of guilty. His Honor, in passing sentence, alluded to the frequency of assaults upon sailors at sea, and referred particularly to the case of Capt. Cooper, who two years ago was executed at Liverpool for murdering one of hi« crew, showing to what lengths passion would carry men. He warned the prisoner against indulging in this spirit of revengefulness, lest he also might commit some great infraction of the law. He characterised the assault of which the prisoner had been found guilty us an " inappropriate and cruel punishment." After some further admonitory remarks he sen- tenced the prisoner to pay a fine of £30 to the Queen, and to be imprisoned tor three months in Darlinghurst gaol, and to be further imprlsoned till such fine was paid. The Court adjourned at twenty minutes past slx till ten o'clock on Wednesday (this day) 