CHILDREN'S PORTFOLIO. " COME with me, Harry, I've made all the arrangements, and we shall be sure to frighten them." " But, Willy, I am afraid it is not quite right; do you not think we are doing wrong ?" " Wrong ! what wrong can there be in it! we are not going to hurt any one ; what nonsense!" Harry was the elder, and Willy yielded to his influence, and went with him. This conversation occurred on a beau tiful evening in December, at a house a few miles from Sydney. A large party of juveniles had been entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Sutton, the parents of Willy, whose sister's birthday was the cause of the merry-making. Emily Sutton, a laughing blue eyed beauty, completed her tenth year. As the two boys ceased speaking, they withdrew from the assem bled children, who were busily engaged in a game of forfeits. Night had closed in, but sleep was banished from their merry eyes. Little Emmy was the gayest of the gay, and her parents were delighted to hear the silvery laughs that echoed through the room. The sounds of music were heard, and a general exclamation of delight followed the announcement that dancing was to be resumed. " Emily, conduct your friends to the school-room, and you can dance till you are called to supper," said Mr. Sutton. The merry troop quitted the room, and followed Emily to the garden. The school-room was detached from the house, and it was necessary to pass through a large garden to reach it. The winding paths soon hid the house behind the lux uriant trees. Emily ran nimbly on, call ing to her companions who, in a merry race, followed her. The night was very dark, the stars clearly twinkled, but shed no light. Suddenly the voice of Einily stopped, and there rose a piercing shriek which fell appallingly on the ears of her followers. They stopped in dread. What could it mean ? They called Ernily, but received no answer. Some of the boldest pressed forward, but, at the turn of the path they stood back in alarm. A tall white figure, with a hideous head, from which issued streams of fire, paced slowly towards them. With piteous screams they fled. A general panic seized them, and fainting, shrieking, they reached the house, where they were met by the \+ ushed Mr. Sutton, who hurriedly enquired the cause of their alarm. It was explained in terrified tones; and with soothing words lie endeavoured to reassure them. " It is only a trick to frighten you," he said, "and I shall bo very angry"with those who have done it." At this moment Willy and Harry joined the crowd unperceived. " Isaw it," said Harry; "it seemed to be ten feet high." " It must have been a man then," said Mr. Sutton, " who has played this foolish trick ; he might have frightened some of you seriously ; I shall find him out, and if one of the servants, will discharge him instantly." By this time they were in the house. "Where is Emily?" enquired Mr. Sut ton. No one had seen her since the alarm, and looks of terror were exchanged. Mr. Sutton ran off in search. Willy turned pale, and looked disconsolately at Harry. Some steps were heard, and Mr. Sutton hurried in, bearing in his arms the appa rently dead body of Emily. Mrs. Sutton shrieked. " See," said her husband, " the wretch who has played this trick has murdered our child." " Oh, father !" cried Willy, falling oa his knees, "father, it is I who am guilty; kill me, kill me! I cannot live if I have killed dear Emily." Mr. Sutton looked astonished and grieved. He bade Willy quit his sight, and turned to aid Mrs. Sutton in her en deavours to restore life to the child. For a long while their efforts seemed hopeless. A doctor, who had been sent for, arrived in about an hour ; he opened a vein, and slowly the crimson tide oozed forth. At length she opened her eyes, and looked around wildly, with apprehension. " Fear nothing, dear Emily," said her mother. " Is it gone ?" said Emily. " There is nothing here to frighten you," said her father. " Oh ! I saw it; such a frightful figure," and she closed her eyes with a shudder. By dint of soothing she was tran q'uilized, and an opiate having been ad ministered, was soon calmly sleeping. Mr. Sutton heard from Willy that, at the instigation of his friend Harry, he had agreed to enact the ghost-one mounted on the other's shoulders, wrap ped in a sheet, with a hollow turnip and candles, produced the alarming effect. Mr. Sutton severely punished his son for so wicked a proceeding, and forbad Harry eArer to visit at his house again. How sad a result might this folly have produced. It was many days before Emily quite recovered the shock, and Willie's punishment was very great, as he marked the pale cheek and frightened aspect of his dear sister, and he vowed never more to play a PRACTICAL JOKE. STEELPEN 