MISCELLANEOUS. WHISKEISSB. With whiskers thick upon my face \ I went mny fair to see; She told me she could never love A bearfaced chap like me. 'I shaved then clean, then called again, And thought my troubles o'er; She laughed outright, and said I was Hore barefaced than before ! The last definition of the legal phrase, " moving for a new trial," is courting a second wife. "You seem to walk more erect than usual, my friend." "Yes, I have been straitoned by circum stances." Grief is very bad for digestion. If yohl doubt it, lose a pocket-book containing two fifties and a ten, and you will not .relish your coffee for the next three days. This inscription, it is said,, may be found in an Italian gravoyard, "Hero lies Etella, who trans ported a large fortune to Heaven in acts of charity, and has gone thither to enjoy it." We cannot all of us be beautiful, nhut the pleasantt ness 'of a goodhumored look is denied to nono: e e can all of us 'increase and strengthen the familW affeetions and the delights of home. Satire is an ugly weapon in the work. of reform. It tears nsunlder, it cauterises, it blisters. No one is reailly mnade bettor by it. The one assailed, though he may fear tihe sting, will never be better through its application, though he may seem so. A satirist lives all the time in boiling water. LADIES IHAVE THI POLL, GENTLEEN.-a-Ladies are following the profession of dentistry in'.Now York. Wrencham, in his cynical manner approves of this, and thle reason of his approval is, because women (he says) are universally acknowledged to be the most practical hands at stopping men's mouths. GRacsi AND DsSGRAcE.-A gentleman in the habit of entertaining very often a circle of friends, observed that one of themni was in the habit of eating something before grace was asked: and de terunining to cure him upon a repetition of the offence, whon saying grace, he said, '!"For what we are about to receive, and. for what James Taylor has alresdy rdceived, the Lord make us and him truly thankful." Tihe effect may be.imagined. WARNING TO TIHE INTEMPEICATE.-0harles Lamb tells his sad experience, as a warning to young men, in the following language:-" The waters have gone over me. But out of the black depths, could I be heard, I would bry out to all those who have set a foot iii the perilous flood. Could the youth to.whom the flavor of the first: wine is de licious as the opening scenes of life, or the entering upon some newly-discovered paradise, look into my desolation'and be made to understand what a dreary thing it is when he shall feel himself going down a precipice Wvith open eyes and passive will; to see his 'destruction and have no power to stop it, and yet feel it all the way emanating fromt himself; to sce all godliness emptied out of him, and yet not able to forget a time when it was otherwise; to bear about the piteous spectacle of his own ruin; could hlie see my Ifevered eye, feverish with the last night's drinking, and feverish looking for to-night's repetition of the folly; could he but feel the body, of the deathl out of which I cry hourly with feobler outcry, to be deliveredil, it wvor enough to make hiim diesh tlheo sparklinri beverage to theoeastlhiii all thei pride of its mantling temptation." THE NEW YORK BARIMAID.--ThO New York bar maid is-a thoroughly German discovery. A few Amoricais establishments used an imitation, but it. proved a lamentable failure. The German barmaid is usually from eighteen to twentyyears of age, and Sbelongs to the class of "lady attendants." She wears her hair in a knot behind, and on her fore head a l'enfant. Her dress is always cut very low down in front to show that "her heart is in the right place." Her dress must never have loss than five flounces, and she wears Balnoral boots, at three dollars and a half a pair. Her sleeves are loose, and adorned with lace; she has elegant rings on her lingers; her earrings are real stones, and her brooch cost not a hafpenny less than twenty dollars. Her walk is lively and elastic, and her neat white apron, with the two money-pockets in front, is even more coquettish than the barmaid herself. An elegant barmaid cannot be "fixed up" under 200 dollars. She was formerly a sermasit, but she did not seem to care about minding children or attend ing to the kitchen. She worked for a time, too, in a factory, and liked it, although the wages were low, because she enjoyed moro independence; but she could not make suflicient acquaintances owing to the lengthy hours of work, and they were only artisans. Afterwards she wasfor some time a mil liner and dressmaker; .but the long sitting did not agree with her constitution, and so she went into a cigar-shop as saleswoman, and made more money than the owner of the establishment. Hence, she was compelled to retreat voluntarily, for fear of being turned out. Now, however, she is a bar maid, and that quite suits her taste. Whcnco she procured the money to equip herself as barmaid is a mystery between herself and her purse. So much is certain, she paid ready money for it, for none would trust her. Where she gets the money to keep up with the fashions in her new situation is an equal mystery. Her expenses are not small; there is a now dress, then a new red silk jacket, a new chemisottee, and so on for everlasting. Her toilette costs her at least thirty dollars, and her salary is only eight dollars, with board. PAY THnaT DenT.-To ALL WIIOMf IT MAY CON oEnN.--It is a small one, to be sure, and apparently not worth a serious thought; why not then pay it, why be compelled to suffer the mortification of a dun? Why not take that little thorn out of your finger atonce ? It will fester if allowed to remain, and cause you ton times the trouble. Why not re lieve the conscienco of the little load? You con tracted the debt knowingly and willingly. Did you not mean .to pay it? Certainily you did. Then why not do it at *once? Every day's delay in creases morally the amnount of the obligation. Re member, too, that your little debt, and another man's little debt, and a thousand other men's little debts, malke a little fortune for your creditor; or they enable him to pay larger debts, or feed hIis workmen, and keep his machinery agoing in times like these. Don't you see how it is? You do? Well then remit the amount at once, and to-night the ghost of that debt will not trouble your dreams. 