COCKNEY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. EUTERPE AND TERPSICHORE. WE often read, in poetry, of "the Muses wandering hand in hand." A foreigner, with a name that begins with a snore and ends with a sneeze, one Mr., or Monsieur, or Herr, or Miska, Borschitzky, of Tavi- stock-square, has recently linked two of them in a most remarkable manner. He has published what he calls "A Vocal Quadrille," to be sung and danced simultaneously. It is intended "for the use of the Humanistic school"--whoever they may be. They must be, methinks, more than human if they can carry out, at the same time, the directions which their master puts into their mouths in the first figure: Sing in tune, and not too shrill, Dance in time a nice quadrille. They are rather illogically taught to own something like this farther on: Galop in tempo moderato, Grazioso, and marcato; Do not stride with steps too vast, You cannot sing whilst dancing fast." How to sing at all, however--whether the dancing be fast or slow--seems rather to be the difficulty. Here is one more extract--the chant adapted to "Ladies' Chain:"-- Ladies, shake hands--how d 'ye do? Master opposite, and you? He says, turning to his place, Don't you see my merry face? I think it probable that the composer had, by this time, seen his "merry face" in a looking-glass at Hanwell. A WIDOW'S WAIL. In a certain cemetery a grocer lies interred. The tombstone that commemorates his virtues (my authority for this narrative is Josephus ------ Miller), also, contains an announcement that his business is carried on by his relict at his old residence. One day this widow was observed bending, apparently in grief as deep as her words, over her husband's grave. Those who saw her respected her sorrow, and did not approach the spot until she was gone. Then, in fresh chalk characters, they read the following pathetic appendix to the epitaph: "Some teas and sugars of prime quality has just come in. Double Glo'ster 7½d. per lb." This story may, or may not be, true; but here is a veritable instance of a woman's making capital out of her husband's corpse--striving to turn his ashes into "dust." The subjoined advertisement--why wasn't it posted on the gravestone?--appeared in a London paper on Wednesday:-- The wife of a professional gentleman having been left a widow three years, without family or relation; she is about 35 years of age, and is considered very prepossessing and lady-like, but un- fortunately, through her husband's long illness, is left totally un- provided for, with the exception of a handsomely furnished villa and some valuable family relicts. She is a woman of good sound morals, and thoroughly domesticated, and has had long experience in housekeeping. She has high expectations of a large fortune. Any gentleman of independence seeking such a partner will find one worthy of attention. Address J. P., H. Moore, newsagent, 73, Hlgh-street, Hastings. What this lady, who was "left totally unprovided for," but who, nevertheless, has managed to keep "a handsomely furnished villa" for three years, has been doing since her husband's death, she--no doubt pru- dently--declines to state. IN MEMORIAM. Death has overtaken the fastest of men. Spring- heeled Jack is laid by the heels. The Marquis of Waterford is dead. He was thrown from his horse whilst hunting, and carried home a corpse. His wild oats sown--and broadcast were they sown \--his lordship seems to have settled down into a very decent sort of landlord. Still, it is ridiculous to trumpet, as some of the papers are now doing, this very ordi- nary virtue as a set-off against all his former follies. De mortuis nil nisi bonum is a very good maxim, but so is De mortuis nil nisi verum. Pummelled constables and pulled-off knockers are queerly atoned for by a man's consenting, subsequently, quietly to pocket his rents. WEDNESDAY'S WEATHER. Snow-drops in spring are seasonable enough, but snow-droppings are quite another matter. Last Wed- nesday, however, we had a heavy fall which lasted all day long. March made up, according to the proverb, for its lamb-like entrance by its lion-like exit. Thick and fast down came the feathery flakes, spreading tablecloths on the square-lawns for the dolefully pic- nicing sparrows, frosting the houses like twelfth- cakes, powdering the 'buses like Bath buns, turning the day into night--so thoroughly did they fill the air, turning the streets into Augean stables, through whose filth the wretched- looking Cockneys (cowering beneath their umbrellas, caped, coated, and goloshed) splashed and floundered--breathing, no doubt, warm blessings on their heavenly climate. Yesterday, the sky was clear, and the sun was bright again; but the wind cut like a knife. The English climate is as treacherous as the traitress of Corfu Castle. It smiles bland welcome upon you, and stabs you whilst it smiles. "GONE IN A MOMENT." Corporal Trim's sermon could be preached nowhere more appropriately than in a powder-mill. Nowhere does death appear more near. Despite protecting groves, and walls, and streams, despite the greatest care, the inmates know that they are ever within the reach of a sudden and a violent fate; and the know- ledge imprints a very peculiar expression on their faces. I could pick the man who works in a powder-mill out of a thousand. Last Wednesday, one of the Hounslow mills exploded. The trees around were stript and strewn as though a hurricane had passed over them; windows miles off were broken; and the fast-falling snow shrouded six mangled corpses. "That's the mill," said the mother of one of the workmen, when she heard the awful sound, six miles away at Acton. "Tom's gone!" His sister took the train, and the first person she met at Hounslow was her brother's weeping widow. JUDGE AND JURY. Lord Campbell, in a pet because a jury ran counter to his ruling, and returned a seemingly contradictory verdict as a compromise between their conflicting opinions, introduced a bill into Parliament to alter what has been the law of the land for centuries--to provide that, in civil cases, the verdict of a majority of the jury shall be valid. The Lords, however, mainly through the arguments of "the old man eloquent," Lord Lyndhurst, threw out this Scottish innovation. Lord Lyndhurst not only sapped Lord Campbell's logic, but--sorer punishment to a professed wit--spoilt one of Lord Campbell's raciest jokes. Chief Justice Campbell, who, save in good temper, behaves upon the Bench very much like Chief Baron Nicholson, told his refractory jury, when they came into court and informed him that they could not agree, that, in accordance with the terms of an old statute, he could, if he like, have them bundled into a cart and then bundled out into a ditch like rubbish, as they were. The "ditch" part of the business Lord Lyndhurst proved to be a pure make up--in plainer terms, a downright falsehood, on the part of Lord Campbell; and as for the cart, Lord Lyndhurst showed that the word his learned brother thus translated in the sense of tumbril, really meant a covered waggon--the carriage of the period-- in which the statute provided that the non-agreeing jury should be carried with the judge round circuit until they did agree. Lord Campbell would, therefore, appear to speak as he writes--often to "substitute lies for learning" and to turn even his facts into fiction by his mode of handling them. THE HEIR APPARENT. The Prince of Wales seems to be behaving very much like St. Paul in the city of St. Peter. He is all things to all men. (I may add, parenthetically, all in all to one woman, to wit, the young Prussian princess.) He goes to the Protestant church, like a good boy, on Sundays; but then on week days he chats with the Pope (who just now, poor old fellow, despite the song, cannot lead a very jolly life), and pelts the carnivalists with comfits. On St. Patrick's Day he went to an Irish monastery, and actually put a sprig of shamrock in his hat, and something more substantial into the hands of the monk mendicants. The clergy are angry at this latitudinarian conduct. LITERARY SQUABBLES. Mr. Yates, it seems, has relinquished his action against the Garrick Club, not because he is convinced of his folly, but because he would have to proceed by bill, and his pocket is not deep enough for chancery costs. For, not to wreak his silly spite, Although it grieves him sore; Yet loss of pence, full well he knows, Would trouble him much more. Mr. Dickens has been behaving in a very shabby manner. Because Messrs. Bradbury and Evans would not accept the paltry sum he offered them for their share in Household Words, he endeavoured to injure the property by announcing, not only that he and his staff were going to start a new periodical; but, also, that the old one would be discontinued. An applica- tion to the Master of the Rolls, however, has made the "genial boy" (as he was once justly called) can- cel his spiteful advertisement. It is rumoured that Mr. Thackeray is to be the new editor of Household Words, with Mr. Sala, and the Punchites for assist- ants. The last-named gentlemen will be no great gain. If it were not for Leech's glorious cuts Punch would amply merit the soubriquet that the English Churchman conferred upon it--"The ghost of de- parted wit." 