EXTRACTS FROM PUNCH. [From the latest Numbers.] A BEAL TREASURE. Paterfamilias (suddenly arrived in town).-" Good gracious, Mrs. Wilkins, why didn't you forward these letters ? They are of the utmost importance." Mrs. Wilkins (the Treasure).-"Lor, Sir! I should never think of forwarding such things as them. Why, I see they was only business letters from the Horfice, or somethink o' that !" A RAILWAY "ADIEU." Confounded good-looking Hibernian Friend (to Jones, who is going on a country tour)-"Adieu, me Boy ! Is there anything I'll do former ye while ye're away ? Will I ride out, or walk with Miss Plundey former ye, now ? Only spake the word !" IGNORANCE WAS BLISS. , ( Waiter-" Yes, Sir. We had a gentleman here, only last week, as took a sketch of that very 'ill, Sir." Artist (abstractedly)-" Oh, indeed ! Was he an artist?" Waiter (indignantly "Oh, no! Sir-a perfect gentleman." I LANDLORD AND TENANT. At a dinner given by my Lord Broadacres to some of his tenants, Curacoa is handed in a liqueur glass to Old Turniptops, who, swallowing it with much relish, says-" On any, young man ! Oi'll tak zum of that in a mood!" NOT TO BE FOUND IN BOSWELL. "Is it wrong, Doctor, to believe in Ghosts?" " No, Sir ; no more wrong than believing in you. It may be foolish; but there being no substance or foundation for the belief, the folly, Sir, is quite im- materialistic. Punch's Unpublished. Anecdotes of Dr. Johnson. A QUERY FOR THE CALCULATING MACHINE. May the person who makes one pound two a-day be said to double his capital a JONATHAN'S RIDE TO PEKIN. TUNE-" Yankee Doodle." , Our nation always goes ahead, By methods noways sneaking', Hear how our minister got led in triumph into Pekin ; I calculate that he warn't barred By planks athwart the river; Too 'cuto a coon was Mr. Ward, Whose story I'll deliver. Firstways he steamed to Ning-Hou-Fou, Along with his Legation, , And there our vessel was brought to A posture of fixation. The Chinamen a box packed in Our diplomatic corpus, ' Conducted by a Mandarin, A blowing like a porous. This box was made without a lid, But hadn't got no winder, That breathes, it might not forbid, But observation hinder. With necessaries it was stored, Though sight it held a check on, Had food and liquor both aboard, And back, too, I reckon. Upon a raft 'was not to go, Considerable pretty, All up the Ki-Tcheou-Yun-ho, To Chaney's first chop city, And right stick through the Great Canal, Our minister to render Unto the Chinese capital. In dignity and splendour. At Pekin Gate upon a truck, Drawn by a team of oxen, Our citizens was proudly stock, Still shut their grand state box in. Thus into Pekin town did drive (Such honor seldom waits men !) Our nation's representative, And all our other statesmen. The truck was wheeled into the Court Yard of a certain mansion, Whose walls cut all excursion short By space of narrcr^spansion. Our envoys there was kept select, To whittle at their leisure, Some time a hearing' to expect, And wait the Emperor's pleasure. Their mission ended, from their cage Politely liberated, They were, in that same equipage They came in, re-located, Ana brought, with care particular, To where they first intended. Like blacks inside a nigger-car, As snug, and more secluded. I reckon that's the way to treat Our great and glorious nation, And offer humble pie to eat To them as frogs creation ! But we must swallow down our pride, When dollars we are seeking', And be content, old boys to ride in a horse-box up to Pekin. PAUL-PBYISM AT THE POST-OFFICE. The question, Who'd be an employé in the Post- Office at Liverpool ? will probably, suggest itself to the reflective reader, on perusal of the dozen interrogatories following, which the Postmaster of Liverpool, acting on his own authority alone," has (the Daily News informs us lately judged it expedient" to put to his "subordinates," but also fellow-servants : "P. O., Liverpool, Aug. 24. " For Mr.-, who I request will carefully answer the following questions, for the information of the Postmaster-General :-? " 1. Where do you reside ? " 2. What rent do you pay ? what taxes ? 3 Do you pay the rent quarterly, monthly, or weekly ? " 4. Have you any income besides that received in your official capacity here, or do you carry on or share profits in any kind of business ? If so, state particulars. " 5. What family have you ? If you have any children state their ages, and whether any of them is in employment and if so, the wages received, and by whom employed ? " 6. Did your expenditure for the year ended 31st July last exceed your income ? If so, what amount. 7 State as nearly as you can the principal items of expenditure, and what caused the excess ? " 8. State the amount of your debts, and to whom they are owing ? <f 9, From whom have you borrowed money during the last two years ? When did you borrow it, and has any portion of it been repaid ? Have you under- taken to repay debts by weekly instalments or otherwise ? " 10. Have you lent money to any person in this office? If so, state his name, the amount, and when the transaction occurred ; also, whether such money or any portion of it, has been repaid ? " 11. Are you a bondsman for any person (whether connected with this office or not who has borrowed money from a loan society ? If so, state his name, address, the sum you are surety for, and when the loan was contracted ; also the name of the Society from which the loan was obtained ? " 12. State the circumstances fully which led to your present pecuniary embarrassment?" Inquisitive as these inquiries may appear, to our mind they are not half Paul- Prying enough. The object being, of course, to ascertain the social character and habits of the clerk, we should recommend the putting of such questions as the following, which the Postmaster of Liverpool, on-any other place, when he fancies it " expedient," is at liberty to use ! "What expensive tastes have you? Are you fond of periwinkles ? Do you indulge in tea and shrimps, or sport mauve ties on Sunday? Have you ever bought cigars at higher price than three a penny ? If so, state how long you contrive to make them last. "Do you wear bluchers or highlows? Do you buy them second hand and how much do you give for them ? Corduroys are cheap : have you ever tried them ? When late in going to office, do you ever hire a cab ? If so, how much shoe-leather do you conceive it saves you ? " What was your wife's character and name before you married her? State how old she called herself; and, as near as you can guess, state what her age now really is. Can she cook a mutton chop, or boil a cabbage without spoiling it? How much do you allow her yearly for her phi-money ? What colour are her eyes ? If she has red hair, state what dye she uses. " What drink do you affect ? Do you like beer neat, or prefer a go of gin in it How many half pints do you consume per diem, and how many nights a-week do you retire without a ' nightcap ?' " Have you got a latch-key ? And if you stay out after twelve, does your wife always sit up for you ? c ' Do you keep a servant and if so, how can you afford it And would it not he wiser if you made the beds yourself, and your wife did all the house- work ? "Are your children bandy-legged? Do any of them squint ? Have they all good appetites ? When they are all at home, how long, on the average, does a leg of mutton last you P When your wife has a new baby, does she ever make you get up in the night and rock the cradle State what are your Night Thoughts upon such occasions, and whether the loss of sleep does not next day make you drowsy, and' unfit you for your duties. " What are your favorite pleasures ? Have you ever seen the Derby, a man hung, on a prize fight State which you prefer, and give your reasons for your preference. " So far as you have heard, is your family respectable ? Have any of your relatives been ever tried for shop-lifting, or for committing highway robbery, burglary, or murder ? , " Were you ever drunk ? If so, state how many times, as far as you can count them and give an estimate of what you drank on each occasion. " Did you ever steal a knocker, or bonnet a police- man, or clamber up a lamp- post, or pass the night at Bow-street ? " How long do your hats last ? Do you keep a cat ? And has your mother sold her mangle ?" , SIBENS AT THE SEASIDE. Miss Martineau proposes that ladies should be taught to swim. All the young ones ought to be able to swim naturally, like ducks, as they are and as for the others, if not ducks, what are they, for at any rate they are no chickens The proposition of Miss Martineau suggests certain additions which, when it is adopted, should be made to The Girl's Own Book. Besides proper directions for swimming, floating, diving, treading water, &c.;, instructions should be supplied for performing various feats of elegance, dexterity, and skill. Aquatic waltzes, polkas, and quadrilles are evolutions which the fair swimmers might be taught to perform, to their own great delight and recreation, as well as to the diver- sion of all beholders. Elegant bathing dresses, suitable to an aquatic ball would render such a performance at any fashionable watering- place abundantly profitable. The dresses, of course, would be of a very light material, unless, by means of gutta percha tubing, crinoline of ordinary extent could be conveniently floated. Young ladies might also learn to embroider in the water, hem handkerchiefs, do crotchet, or execute drawings in water-colors. A piano, supported by a little buoy, would afford peculiar means for musical aquatic exercises and the performer, accompanying herself in a song, would appear like a regular mermaid, with her tail ought of sight. If young ladies generally could swim, and took to swimming, the waves that wash the beach of Albion would swarm every autumn with sea nymphs, and the British shores would be assuredly crowded with worshippers of those marine divinities. EXTREMELY OBJECTIONABLE. Mr. Punch cannot accord unqualified approbation to the conduct of a gaol- chaplain's pet, who, on taking steps to re-establish himself in the world, left the following impertinent liberty with Dr. Watts in the drawer of the tradesman from whom (in his absence the pet obtained the means of again starting life. ' ' Why should I deprive my neighbour, Of his goods against his \v\\\\\ ! 'Cos to work, myself, is a bore, So I borrows from your, till." TEST FOR A MENDED TEACUP. The Anglo-French Alliance, which was regarded as broken, is now said to have been united with Chinese Cement. We trust the composition will stand hot water 