1MLEASAM'!' CHKKK: NPIUXfi Tlicao races came off on tho Pleasant Creek race course, near Stawoll, as appointed. Tho attendance during tho four days was not very numerous, although tho weather mis all that could be desired, barring tho heat, which oil tho two last days was vory groat. Tho racing was not of a very brilliant description, there being only threo or four horses out of the number who .'» «fc v..^ ---\\.u»,iig, hiiub t.uuiu uu lUUUU 1UUU HUrSUtJ, The betting was almost entirely confined to a few Ararat sporting men who wero present. Tho stowards, although desirous to push the sport on to tho uttermust, did not seem to havo had much previous exporiouco in racing matters, and tho consequence was that on somo occasions tho business (lagged considerably; for in stance, they woro two hours deciding, whether they should disqualify a horso who had ma insido one of the posts. The racing in several cases was remarkably well contested. Tho Hurdle raco was a decided failure; three horses started for it, one of whom gave up the ghost, another could not bo got ovor the first fence, and tho third could not bo got round; tho fact was that tho jumps were ridiculously severe for horses that woro only hacks, and they were so firm and strong that there was no knocking them down by jumping against them. Tho stako for this raco was tho largest in amount offered by tho committee, viz. £10 ; nnd in consequence of its ro maining without any claimant, they wero enabled to give a fourth day's sport, when they had a Hack Hurdle race, with considerably milder jumps, and ono r\r Iwn ntiint- atnlrna FIRST DAY.— Wednesday, 29™ DKCimnEit. The Maiden Plate.— Of 25 sovs, for all horses that havo never won an advertised raco. Entrnnco 2 sovs. One event. Distance 2 miles. Weight for age.' Mr. Chnlwick's b -j Dick tlio Devi! ? „ ? 1 Mr. Wass's gr g Waverley ? 2 Mr. Caddy's ch g Jim Crow ? 0 Mr. Cooper's b g ltuRlcr ? 0 Mr. Hatvey's b colt Master ltarcy ? 0 Mr. Dorld'sbgl'loughboy ? ., ? 0 jur. ^iimiwiuK a ui iiiit, ijQuy unanouc ? .- ? u Mr. Clark's b g Hilly-go-by ? 0 Betting: 8 to 2 against Dick tho Devil.; 2 (to 1 ?gainst Wavcrley. Tho eight horses got well away together, Bugler and Jim Crow showing m front j tho former maintained tho cad until tho turn of tho hill, when ho retired beaten. Waverloy then took up the running, and looked uncom monly llko winning ; ho was, however, collared by Dick the Devil, who won a vory good raco by about half a length. Thk Pleasant Crebk Pursk. — Of 85 sovs. For all horses. Entranco 3. sovs. Mile and a half heats. Iloiaca to bo handicapped by tho stetwmls. mi. uuims ui irvjuiuiiui ? ^ ? ,,li/UUUf ,i J. L Mr. Chadwlck'e br g Dick the Devil ? 12 2 Mr. Scblattcr's cb m Sally Sly .:...'. ? ...;...,. 3 00 Mr. Jonrs's b g Nobble ? :...... ? 4 3 3 Betting: it to 2 against Coronot.' ? ? The first heat was very closely contested, and was won by Dick tho Dovil with nothing to spare. Coronet was, however, being rosorvod, as was proved by hii winning the two next heats without any difficulty. The Pony Race.— Of 15 sovs. Entranco 1 bov. Milo heats. Catch weights. Ponies not to exceed 11 hands 1 inch. Mr. D. Scallnn'g ch e Don Alphonso ? 1 I Mr. Bray ton's b g n jfaby ? 2 3 Mr. Stead's Dr g Wblsky-li it ? ? 3 2 Mr. Brayton's G m Sweet Drlar ? 4 4 ,Ir. Harvey's br f Sally Slick- ? 0 e Mr. loncs's b g Doctor ? 0 0 First heat : Bobby took a strong lead nt starting, but was headed about half way by Don Alphonso, who won. by two or thrco lengths. Second heat : Don Alnhonso took tho lead soon after starting, was never headed, and won easily. A Hurry Scurry was won by Mr. Douglass's Ord beat ing eight others. SECOND DAY.— Thursday, 80th December. The IIuhdle Race.— Of 40 8ovs, for all horses. Entrance, 3 sovs. Thrco' miles. Ono event Ovor twclvo leaps. Height, 3 feet 9 inches. Weight : 8 yr-olil, Ost 71b; i yrs, lOst 71b; 5yrs,llst61b; C yrs nnd aged, list 101b; Three horses started for this race, namely, Air. Wass's Wavcrley, Mr. Jones's Dandy, and Mr. 0. Cooper's Bugler; but neither of them went over tho courso (to tho satisfaction of tho stewards). Waverloy was soon put hors do combat ; for he could by no means bo per suaded to go over tho first leap, notwithstanding the ropcated attempts' of his jock. Bugler, after going about half tho distance, dropped to rise no moro, to tho great astonishment of nil parties, nud it was afterwards found that ho had burst a blood vesstl in tho lungs. Thus Dandy, a good sort of hack, only rather fleshy, was left alone in his glory; ho was ridden by Bob Cliristisou, but notwithstanding his superior jockoyship, tho horse could not bo got over tbo hurdles. After so ? vernl attempts somo of tho bystanders pulled down part of tho ienco and mado n passago for tho horse The stowards, however, did not consider this winning tho raco, and refused to give the stakes to any horse. Quartz Miners' Cur of 30 sovs, fbral! horses, the bonn fido property of residents in tho Pleasant Crook Dis trict for one month provious to dato of entry. En tranco, 2 sovs. Milo heats. Horses to bo handi capped by the stowards. Mr. Jones's b g NoliWe, osUlb ? (Chrlsttson) 1 1 Mr. Wass'sgrg WttTerlcy, Ost 101b ? t 2 Mr. Cuddy's ch g Jim Crow Sst-10 lb ? 3 3 Mr. Urayton's b g Bobby, Bst ? 4 4 Mr. Harvey's b c JIastcr Itaroy, feather ? 0 0 Mr. Clark's b g Billy go I!y, 8st lib ? 0 0 Mr. SchUttcr's ch m Sally Fly. 1st Tib ? '.' 0 0 Both heats wero very well contested; indeed this was probably tho best raco oftfio meeting; tho first, Nobble, won by a littlo over a length, nnd the second by a neck. Thk Minebs' Cur of 15 sova, for all working liorscs, tho property of residents on Pleasant Creek. Tho winner 10 uraw ono ion one imnurcu yarus ton minutes nftor tire race. Entrance, 2 sovs. One- mile.- One event. Weight, lOst. Mr. Cliurcbward's b m Pretty Polly ? .;;.,.. 1 Mr. Was'a b g Sweep ? 2 Mr. Kcgan'su g Emerald ? : ? ds Pretty Poll won quite easily, .and- went, xatisfac torily through the pertbrmnnce of drawing a ton 100 yards. The Hack Race of 15 sovs. Entrance, 1 sov. Post entry. Milo hcaU. . Catch weights. Nine horses started for this race, which was won easily by Mr. Scallan's pony. Don Alphonso, with Daphne, ridden by nn aboriginal, second, and Mr. Douglass's Ord third. THIRD DAY. — Friday, 81st Decemiieb. Tho Publicans' Purse of 80 sovs, for all horses. Entrance, 8 sovs. Woigbt for ago. Tho winner of .any previous raco to carry 51b extra. Mr. Dodd's big Coronet ? (D01M) 3 3 11 Mr. Clmdwlck's Dick tho Dovil ? 1 2 0 0 Mr. Jones's b g Nobblo ? 3 1 2 2 Of all tho slow affairs that ever engaged the attention of n sporting 'assembly, nothing ever camo up to this ; although the first raco of tho day, it was fivo o'clock be fore tho four interminable heats were run. Tho Pleasant Creek people determined to havo their money's worth, and had fixed all tho principal stakes to be run for in heats. Dick tho Dovil won thn first heat, Nobbio the second. Dor tno mini Dick tno Devil camo in tlrst, and Coronot second, but tho two jockeys averred that. Dick the Dovil had run iusldo ono of tho posts; and, after an investigation, which occupied about two hours, the stewards disqualified the horse. Moreover, the last heat was reduced to n match between Coronet nnd Nubbic, which tho former won easily, although considerably dis tresicd bv the work ho had done. The Butchers' Purse of 20 sovs, for all .horsc.nho bona-fulo property of wholesale, or retail butchors within 2o miles of Ploasant Creek for throo months provious to the day of running. Entrance, two sovs. Milo and a half heats. Weights, 8 yrs, Ost 81b ; 4 yrs, 'lOst 21b; 5 yrs, lOst 111b; 0 yrs nnd aged, Mr. Wass's gr g Wavorlcy ? (Meredith) 1 i Tr. Clark's br g BIlly-go-By ? ,. 2 2 Mr. Jones's b g Dandy ? ...;.,., 3 3 Waverloy, who was tho favourite, won both heats with 10 greatest case. r : The Consolation Stakes of 15 sovs, for nil beaten liorscs during the meeting. Post entry, 2 sovs. Milo heats. Horses to bo hnndicoppod .by the stewards. ? : , Mr. Caddy's Jim Crow ? 1 Beating two others. ? ,? FOURTH DAY.— Saturday, 1st JanuaKy. , The Hack Hurdle Rack of ? 15 sovs. Two Miles. Ono ovent. ? ' ?: ... Mr. Wass's Waverley ? (Mcrcdit I'l Mr. Joncs'a Nobblo ? ...'a Mr. Meredith's Kuaty Sal ? ..;..., ? '.;.. 3 Mr. Stead's Whisky-hot ? .....?......'..?.'....?..... 4 The. Booth HouiEitsb' Purse of 16 sovs, for all horses. Milo heats. ? \: . Mr. Jones's Dick tho Devil.,.., ? ...,.,,..'. 2 1 1 Mr. Wass's Waverloy ? ..-.. ? 123 ? Dan ? ,. ? .3 3 2 Wnvorloy won the first lioat oaslly. Dick the Dovil, with much pinching, camo in first for the second hent. Tlio third heat was given to Dick tlio Dovil in conse quence of his having boon jostled by Waverloy. Thrco other hack races wero mado up on the spot, including a Trotting match, won by Wild Racer. 