DOMESTIC JKTKt.LIGBSCX. An IJuseasuiiablu Musical Auuniipauiinciil. —On falnday la't, when a point of I-* of muiie InipniUiii'c w«a l«in^ aigue.1 U I i.- His Honor Jmlse Home, in theSupieuie (' n, un iniliifaiigaliln iiigan-gi-iodw »h.-ha» in: -oine wUok5pist lieen Burkiu? olV« vaiiity . ?' pipu lar airs for the Riatllicatioii of the buig.--. of LiuncoMon, mode ' a pitch' opposile in Dfil- i phin Inn, and ro i.meiued leeling off I h.i celo hraied ted highly popular ail of ' Ti.i lUt catcher's Daughter.' The windows and foul rloors of tho Couit House weio all open, « the wealher waB veiy sultry, aud His Honor , (lie learned gentlemen ofthttbav, thu gouil men the jurors, ihe intelligent audience, the ineoi Usra of tli'j police force, and Ilie prinoncis. each and nil had ha much benefit from tho music as if Iho instrument had been specially ppvided for I he occasion, and had been stationed id the gallery, heiug a full-toned org»n, warranted to imitate a ful. band. Hib Honor was ab,i»t to give hia i|iiuion and decision in Ihu caw , but found It impossible to get along in cumpiny with so snggeslive a melody. He thoiefc-io lound it ncceseaiy lo direct th-.- iiolicetii n-ijuest theurganlst lo move on, and although that seu sitive individual, apparently conscious tint the air lie commenced with was not altogether the most suitable iu the immediate vicinity of such grave proceeding*, had intuitively changed It ? o thu more solemn accompaniment of ' Ould Dor Tray,' Ihe law, or at least the oidei of the Judge, was allowed lo take its eolir.e. sud the, l«or grinder was compelled to ' »lmt up' and 'move on.' Uni:onu i.f the Territorial Police. — Chief Con-table Pppstiug, and thn conBtables in the Solby District, have received the new uniform appioved nf li.r tho Territorial Police The I'.hief-constable'sconsieuof a superfine blue cloth Bingle-breaated frock-coat, without any other ornament than a veiy little- Imtid, and a single row of gilt buttons, w:tli the Bntisn crrwn im pressed upon them, dark blue trowsers, »nd blue cloth cap. The petty constables is com posed of a lung ungraceful blur, jacket of pilot cloth, iniwsers of the same mate.iiul, and a blue cap, lovcied (now in summoi) with sn allow- j ance of white muslin The jacket has »c or- ] namentt, merely a single row cf gilt buttons, heatiug tho impress of tlie British cr un, and shoulder straps of something led, not unlike, so much twisted red tape.— * rather sinister, though porbiMy, a veiy appropriate emblem of thu gf-nwsl ??fficien--y --f the territorial pnlica; i'orc«. Foiged £C Notes —The Superintendent of Police has in hunosaeMian two forged £5 notes, which are toleiahly well executed iiniiati.ms of ilieuotcaimredhy th-- Union Bank of Aua tralia. One of them was fmind wilh a pr'n-oner I who was apprehended mid lodged in thu watch house for some slight .ftence. He e'ated that he found it, and as there was no evidence that he had attempted to utter it, he could not Iw punished for having il Mi his possession. The other note was found by a guard of one ol the lloharl Town coaches, by whom it was deli veied up to Mr. O'Connor, b -tli note* aie dated July 1857, and puipuil having been Mgneil l-y V. Ballantiue, Manager. Knieied B. W. ' Winlei bottom. Wltn-w, W R Ruchis, Accountant he nuni1 er un one is 11641, on thi: other 1+541 Tho name* aie. not written, but aie liihographni. It is inn likely that any iutelligeni man ol liu-ine.-* would acci-pt such a document as the above t.ir « genuine ' piiimisi- to pay mi demand ' nlHi.ianagei of Ihe lianfe of AustiHlia. bu- Ilinu aie hundred! ofperpoim in this colony who would without hesitation give value to the ?nouiit named on iho forgery. Wo therefore .-.union Iho public ugaimt b«ing too ready t.i receive £6 notes, or indeed sny uoU-s. wilhout (jiving them a can-i'ul scrutiny, as no doubt there are moo uf such promises lo pay, where the iwo we hav» described cam- from. Mayor's Court.— O'Connoi v. Dore.— This i ifounation was heaid bciore the Mayor yeh lerday. Ihe Superintendent of I'olic*, (mm ioforiiiaMon received, clmigcd eonsiable Dore with aesiulting pnd ill-uiing Alexander Miller, a man wi.n waa taken into custody hy Do'e ..n the 3rd instant, charged at the police office nit morning with having been drunk, and with tearing Ihe constable's coat. For being chunk Miller had l-cen fined, and ordered to pay 2s Gd. for tearing thu consatble's ccat, and in default of payment na.« cmniiiilted to gaol. Tho evidence of Cna'le« Pigeon, eugi mer, of Urisbane-street. and John White, groom to Messrs. Itell and We^ibrnok, were tak;n in the CHBe liefine Ihe Mayor. They proved that they had seen the constable knock Jlillcr down in Voik-stK-et, 6tiike him with Irs stifl about the shuulders, and uthurwise ll- treat and use uiiiiecessaiy violence to his piisMner. He did not Rhk ihem tor swiatancf. but wheu ihey spoke, he told them to mind their own business. Acting Sub-liisptctM Sul livan state! that he was iu ihe watch house when Mr Coulter took down thu fUt- oiei.t nia,leby the witnesses Againnt the ciiiiitable. and when they went away, Miller said (he constable had not ill- used him. The ease was ihen dismissed. Wharf at (.ieoigo Towu. — A con wponden1 on Ihe subject of this wharf, is informod tlia »?. soon se Ihe Marine Hoard became acquainted with the dilapidated stale oi the wharf, the nr-eiwwtiy ineamires wen- lakon to edeci all needful 'repair, which, we may «rf.i, «i!l lie I done out of baud. ' The EngliBh Mail w»s landed iixmi ihu lliAck ! Swan, laying across the bar, on Monday l«st, j and conveyod wilh all becoming ceremouy in a ? dray to the Post Office, under charge of the Postmaster, Mr. William Windealt, and es corted by, apparently, the entire staff of -he Ltunceston I'ort Office. Il was a large mail. | and was welcomed, as it deserved to \\-e , being j of sufficient/™***'!! to be acceptable. Tlie Gas Winks will \ory soon ?? astonish the natives,' by au imposing wlovHtton of nrickwoik within an extensive observation. The gentie mau (Mr 1'aluniei i bi whose direction the wmkaaie committed will have them completed by November next, provided no delay takes place in the supply of raolrriW indented fioin the Home country. ; I'etly Theftf ac tu l/oriiwaU lltwpiul — l)fuisl;'il7.gerald. a |-«uper, convalescent phtieiil nt the Cornwall Uospiial, pleaded (iuil:y at the iiolice ofticu yetleiday to stealing on Saturday n pair ol blucher boots, a ehaviug biu» , and a Miife, Ihepmpeity of ilieTn.Mecs to tmiOvn wall Hospital. Dr. Miller said hi- hid s.mie men employed in soitii g dole- th*t day, and he detected ihe prisoner in: ving off with the Uww iu hh possession, the lnush and knife ,ivre alfo f'Ui.d with l-itf.gerald when he «»s searched. Similar petty tbefti weie so tieqaent i tlm llosnllal that he was dclei mined rr. . i.riug evtry thief detected to jusiiiv, no mutirr iow irirling Ihe value of the stolen articles night be.. Mr. Weedou. «iih whom Alii« - man Fawns presided, caid Ihat was a stMnge mode Ihe pauper patienti! had ?-! showing tbeii ,T»titude to the Tiustees, for piuvfding ih-m witli medical attendance Hiid e iiuf-m during , Heir illnoiw. The licDch n i.leuce.l (he j.n \- itirr ti tlnce uiontl.-, ini|iii«oii-ii.ml « ith hard hlw. Post Office.— Lellcin detaiunl Mug InMiffi .iently BUmped :— Mr. J. RobeiL-on, Copi«i -mitb', Flinders-street, Melbourne. Mr. 'L'Ihw lx-vKt, Westbury. Mr. J. Taylor. York stum, Uuucoston. Mr. ii. Reading, ditto. Mi» Kemp, H. J. Bmtnctt, Esq., Circular Bead. Another Holart Town Visitor Caught — Stephen Stainger. was tiled summarily at the Police Offico yesterday for ctediug a coal ilm |,u,|iori villa iiiau who iw employ, d in r« piiiinn' l'i« nigd* ^uillg?^r it nppems m .he efal lying ueat M-. Carter's, Wcllinpi '??? L.». ami not seuin,; auy daimsnt for it, en i.-J it 'ff. The real owner missed it a few uiinul « alter WHidf, and .uked a constable if ho lud seen it. The coiirtaUe hud seen Stainger take u up. «. | if it wan hia own and walk off. II' i .lluwed | Staingei up and took him into cusi ly. It I appemeo that Stainger bad only bf n ihwe d«ys iriLauncesiou onaflying visit I m llo bait Town. The Uench ext«nded his b iveol sbseuee from iho southern capital I -r six mon: lie, that period to be spent ur.ib r the ordeis and discipline of Captain Reid. Sacied Harmonic Society- — At Ihu half yearly meeting of this society held iu the Wy- i cliffs Chapel, on Thursday evening Ian Mr. | Sharp, the conductor, proposed In the membeis that a grand concert should be giveu at \ho op'-ninn ufthe Mechanics' Institute : tlm per fonnanoeto consist of the Oratoiia, Handel's Messiah, and in order that it should be r.n Ihe must extensive »cale possible, —that all tlm mu sical talent in Tasmania should be inv ted to join. For this purpose a Committee. wa« ap pointed to correspond wilh the Mechanics' iu- I sliiuto Committee up™ the nubj-et Dangerous Vagrants. — Kdward Morgan, John McCarthy. and Johuliruckley Eii-i. were all found ou Monday nigbt, Keeping in the open aii, iu a field on the Elplrin Road, not far »rom the (iovernnient cotugc. Tliey were bi ought up at the Police Offict yesterday inoin ing aud each sentenced to fouitnen da\p im prisonment «iih bard lalior a« idle ai.d dis.n derly clwaacten. wilhnul auy means ol subsist ence. They said they weie shipmates waiting for employment as reapers. Aunraacbiue Massaliance — Toe appioach iug marriage of an Eng'ish lady, of large income and portly person, with her tialwsit Italian courier, is much talked of by the Eng lish in Paris. Tho lady has just returned fr.-m a tour in Switzeiland, where ihe uuerssini; .trillions of iho courier, his vigilance ovh ihe lady's sufety, his bad English, aud his singing w the guitar, completely took the grateful huart of the lady by suipriee. The lady's eldest son, an officer in the guaiuV, is said to have arrived in Paris lor the express purpose of mevcntiiiE thu match, if possible but. upon acquaintanse with tho object of his mu-UierV attachment, l*caine reconciled to Ihe step, with the ciiiivUioiy remoik to his friends,—- The fellow seems quite good enough foi a r.ioi.tilliei at any rate ; and it's well it's no woise.'— Couit Journal A'SwellV Difficulties— Athoil tiu.esiuw au unmitigated dandy— a stranger— entered one of ihe Vans Hotels and although supplied with the '? best' lire tbe osUblislmieut could supply, constantly grumbled «-d found lault. The Lintion the dinner table wee execrable, and llie Appliances were not at all up to the oundard be desired. To cure any liad etfeel' it might have, he tried a tumbler of warm l.randv aud water. With the evening meal, fault* innumerable were again lound ; and ho large a figure did tlie unknown cut, that mine hosi began to fancy his visitor must be some thing out of ihe uiual line of traveller— a gold commiseiouer attbe veiy lemi. His I eel com fortably euscmceti in slipper*, sundiy tuu.l'leis, and uiilimi'td number of cheionu dif|-osed -it, and hu ictircd to rust for tint nighi, pailicu Uil- requbsting that his Vickerj's best «vi llngton* should lie duly honored by I ay and Martin. -exi iiioining, the unkbown, liaviug hrt- aklasled, seeiued in high spirits wilh him salf. but the lord of tbe manor was indisposed io encourage his advances, and on demanding a settlement of the little bill, all Uie gloss and Iwiince at once evapwated from lh« gent, and with a mutt rueful countenance, he pulled a Bilvvr mounted nircrschini fi'»i his puckel, mid requested bouitace t-i Iwcon.o the punha ser tin iw» guim-is, nndlnimllie pioctuds Im would liquidate all demands. Wn need scarcely add ihat the purchase was declined, and a good sharp lecture read tothcgmil, »ho n«ted tli*t lie hud lewntly been djsuiiwed from i - Toveiiiment ap|MiintiotiU, and w«b in ilifHculti-s.— Vass Courier. A Haunted House. — The Cireenock corrrs pondent of the North British Mail says:— It will rcaicely be credited, hul it is not the let. , true, Ihat a rumour is t& .at thai a ganet house in a comparatively uew tenement in BacV -walks or Regent street is haunted : and women and children, with el ingat«d litces, l-ill Ihe moat incredulous stoiies shout the super tiatunil cantrips which h»-* Iweu pi ynd oil in the huu-o in queslion. Tho o,-cu|ialll ia said to be the wile of a seaman, who is alleged to hure been fi st disturbed by ceilaiii mysterious iiioaniiiBf and the smiiuis ol' furniiure lieing moved about in her house Oue night the is said -?- have seen a till, ill-'Jad man, with tough, diity boom, glide past htr tfinghted vision, between her and ihu inoonlighi, which shone in hy ihe window, fallowed inimediaiely by a second spectral figure, hsviug the appeal nnw of » fc'entlemsn Chain *ud taldas are said to have been touod iu Ihe muriiing warped almut in the nufct uiystuiious way ly a rope u*id for hanging cluthas i.n. A seataring neighbour, on hearing Hut Ihe chmm were j habituated to moving about in solemn mid- i night, isnsi'lto have nffer.td his emi-ei to' put the quietus upon thi* unaccountable dance ! of furniture by tying up iliu chain wilh ihe : afotesaid ro|ie, and in such a fashion, lo', that in ghost but a nautieal ghost could uutasien , the same This was done, and, lo I the follow ing morning t'ouud the knot*, but not tin- mys tery, unravelled. '1 he poor woman hat actually l-een frightened both out of her comp rsure and herhouw, going al nijilit t«i sleep with a Iriend , at simiher pan of the town, leaving tho phosis | in undiBtuilwd possestion of the house. We I'eai that some one u ust be playing nicks in the locality in question, and if m, it is a pily hut steps were taken to hnvc the real ghost or ghost* brought before ill-- police magistiatrs. i [*?' New Constitution Almanac— tlui sub scribers will be presented with the New Con. slitiition Almanac with Satmday's inane o this paper. ft*' Wn aie requested to call Ihe attention M liillcliDH and others lo the sale of lat we. (llti-, work'Ilg biilloukf. iiiilul. coirs, call hmiies and diay, al Duocaii's Yards. Franklin Village, by Mr'. F. J Hmighlon, on Fridny next, the 14th iust., Rl 1 o'clock. j»r* We ai-e requnel^d to call the atlrutlmi ot the public lo iho umeseived sale of Mr J lllman's stock-in-tradr. househohl furniture, hoiw, can, 4-c, &c;, this day, at it o'clock, ontha premises, Camerun-stteet.nnai ihe poliei office, by M'. V. .1. iLuighMn. 