[?] THE BURNS' FESTIVAL-. On Tuesday evening, the 25th instant, the centenary anniversary of the birth- day of Scotland's poet — Robert Burns— the largest and one happiest dinner parties ever assembled in Yass, met in the Royal Hotel, to do honour to the memory of the bard. There were upwards of sixty gentlemen present,a large number of whom came from a distance. Shortly after seven o'clock, Allan Campbell, Esq., took his place at the head of the table upon the right by the Rev. Mr. Rosa, of Goulburn ; C. Jenkins, .Esq.; C. O'Brien. Esq., of Benditmuiv, ' J. S. C'.ivcit, Esq., of Cavan ; Arc., mid -.or. the left by John Paterson, Esq., M.P. of Illalong; V/. C'-mtgiitou, Esq.. of Ma- Irengo; and W. D. Campbell, Esq., of Bur- .rowa. Too Vice-chair wns taken by Titos. "I.aidlaw, Esq., sopuorted on thu right by 'J. G. Davidson, Esq., Diiiim: J. ('!. Wukni.n, '.Esq., of Bat-wans; : -James II. Grifiin, Esq.; -.and Charles A. "Wilson, Esq. of Burrowa anil on the left by A", ft. Besnnrd, Esq., of -. Kangiaroo ; Ed -vard Ryan. Esq., of Gnlnng; 'G. G. Allman, Esq. : and 1 'upturn McOallutn, of Wonlgario. Amongst those present we observed — Messrs. A. M. Hume, I'\ I). Wnol- wrych.'F. Crnzier, It. W, Pearson, C. Uynv, . H. Godfrey. J. Elliaj J. Grnvenor. J. E. "Weir, J. Ryan, C. V. S. North, T. Stnallie, .'.D. Mcintosh, J. J. Brown, A. Znnch, J. Wood, "R. Gorman, J. Higman. Jlib-s Murphy, C. S. ' Quail, Thos. Berber, J. Simpson, T. Go'is, I. II. Laidlnw, J. Cottrull, J. P. Ritchie, O. "Simpson, D. Harper, J. MoBunn, II. Valla nee, "W. McHuan, F. O'tisli'di", S. Galdwell, II. "Elliot, H.Dixon, ft. McJanautt, H. Paterson. J. Myers, A. Paterson, A. ICeid, die., &e.; 'I lie cloth having been removed, . The Cltairman roso and gave the toast, of " Tlte Queen." Ho said— I believe that in no portion of our most gracious Majesty's dominions does the sun shine on a more 'loyal, happy, or contented people, and I think I mav safe! v assert there is not a single individual who does nut repudiate thu phrase that England's distress is a colony's oppor tunity, or who would desire "to cut tiie painter." (Cheers.) I hold tliat a oniony bears the same rotation to the mi thui coti.i- -try as a sono a parent, and as the offspring .rejoices an.l feels it a duty to support Hie parent, so do we as colonists consider it a pleasure and a doty to abide by tiie mother ' country in sunshine or storm— (cheers)— and 1 think when we look abroad and contrast the despots of the Continent with our beloved Queen, we may justly feel proud of her: -their subjects live under the terror of the iron rod of stern despotism ; she reigns in the hearts and affections of a free and happy people.. (Loutl cheers.) The Chairman then gave " Princo Albert anil the Royal Family," prefacing- the toast with a fow'bappy and appropriate remarks. The Chairman again rose, ami said he had .much pleasure in proposing the health of the \- . Governor-General — Sir William Oeoison. (Applause.) He (the Chairman) iiad lived for eighteen years in this colony, and as a matter of course liu hud scan two or three Governor-Generals during that time; but he thought the present Governor-General thu best they had had In tiie colony during the .jiuaibtr of rears iio had stated. (Hear, and cheeps.) lie had therefore much pleasure in ' proposing the health of Sir William Deniaop.; (The toast wus diu_k with loud- uiid ooe- Oaioi alsesra.).' " ........ Tint Chairman then proposed "The Army nud Navy," -which was drimk with enthu siasm. 1 Mr. Wood, having li-eu called on by the Giihnrinan, liere sung " OtiCEliglairi!"for'evcr- ahall weather ilio storm." Mr. Wohiian returned thanks on behalf of tiie iiviny. Although lie hud never had the honour of being in the army, still lie thought lie might appropriately lettirn thanks, seeing Iio had a great number of friends connected with tiie army, and who hud been in action in the Crimea a i I in India. (Applause.) Copt. YicC'.iilnni imkutwledged the com pliment pnid to the l.svy. 1 The Chairman then rn=n to 'propose lite toast i f dm evening— ' The" Memory of Rohvt, Burns." He said — This d-iv ivie hundred years tig", the bard in iiononr to ivhose memory wo have assembled to etii.;i\, first saw the light ; and though bis days on earth were lew. he yet lived iinig owrngh to achieve for himself a Infry niche in thu tem per of pimLic fume. (lleur. bear, and loud applause.) Tiie memory of no pnei tiitt ever lived i.i more thoroughly enshrined in tiie ln'e-...-H i.f tiis admiring comitiyumn. (Hear, hear.) Him.ie'f one of the people, thn v. ish nearest ami dearest' to liis henrt, wns to live in ihuir memory, and with whit success let this and other kindred meetings of thou sands nf hit fello.v countrymen on tins his centenary birth-day bear testimony. (Ap plause.) Many poets have received a nation's admiration, but who, save himself, became so speedily and universally a -people's idol. (Applause.). His fellow country men felt, and still f el, that the beautiful creations of his genius- were not for the lordly few, bo: for the many. (Hear, and cheers.) Tlicy i were gratified— ob, bow deeply gratified - j that one who, like themselves, v.-as tvhardr- | fisti-A son of toil, should possess the en chanter's v.'.aud, and use it to adorn ami be.tti- I tify the every-d iy oeeurrence-, of their liiiin- | hie lot. As a lyrical poet, Burns stands n:i" j rivalled; an.l when wo recollect that t o short- years only elapsud between the firs' publication of his works and his lunicil ai death, and remember that during that period lie gave to the world the astonishing mini! or of 250 songs, irrespeulivu of his other nu merous poetical pieces, v/e are aipaxed, and justly so, at thu cane and rapidity with which "he composed; and some of the liappie.-t efforts of ids genius were thrown off on the spur of the moment. (Hear, and applause.) I may here allude to " Tutu o' Hliauter," c im posed between breakfist and dinner, and hi - well-known spirited and, humorous snug of "The diul cam' fiddling thro' the town, and danced nwa' wi' the Exciseman," which, in point of fact, may lie considered us uu im promptu.' The great Dr. Johnson affected to despise song-writing, and though everything coming from the lips of such a man is de serving of the highest consideration, ynt I think we may, without mueh fear of violating probabilities,, attribute the utterance of such _ an opinion rather to the general constitutional character of thu man, and to chu period of life when spoken, than to any well-grounded con viction lie entertained o:t the subject. For. I believe there is no species of poetry — no, not even tiie drama— that is calculitod to produce a more deep, a more lasting impression- on the minds of a people, whether for good or for evil, than those popular songs which, acquired in early life, before the sway of reaso -, his Ir.'.gnn. take fast hold of the i u igi , ti ..i. As a poet. Burns was equally felicitous in the co ::io, the litimorous, the satiric il, dtiid tiie tender; and lie pna=etnc:l t m ;a o faculty of combining. in the same poem humorous sen- ti-nei-t ), with description and imagery of a sublime and terrific nature. Witness his poem of Tarn o' Shautor. No p-iet, with the- exception of tjhaksiioare. ev-.r possessed tin- )iow«Fot' exciting so iis'cFtfdWtTuvlAwieir emotions, and with such quick transitions as Robert Burns. (Hear, mid cheers.) His humorous description of death in the poem of Death and Dr. Hornbook border.-, on thu terrific, and tiie Witches' Dance, in the Auhl Kirk o' A lie way. is at once ludicrous and horrible. .But it is not at a song-writer only we ought to contemplate the goiiius of Burns, for in -the higher wuiks of poetry lie is equally imccessftil, and every admirer of the poet must deeply lament that the span o: his lifu iiad not been extended until lie had given to the world' his intended drama nl The Bruce, which tiiose who were lies! capable of foi-iriiog an opinion and appreciat ing the requirements necessary for thu suc cessful accomplishment of such a work, .mid whose opportunities of judging of Burns' fit ness fur tiie task, believed would have wreathed another elir.pletof glory around his broiv. (Applause.) Among ids serious poetry, thu CMtlor's Sitorday Night must take tho first place, and to use the words of an eminent critic, who wa3 bimselfa success ful cultivator of the muses, the Cotter's Satur day Night is ut once tender and moral ; it is solemn and devotinmi', a- d .rises r.t length iotoH strain of grandeur uiid sublimity which modern poetry lias not surpassed. (Hour and cheers.) Tho noble sentiments of patriot ism with which it concludes corresponds with the rest of tiie poem. In no age r.r country have the pastoral muuus breathed HUeit elevated accent.-:, if tho Messiah of. i-'ope bo exccptc I, which is indeed a pastoral in form only. Burns has had the singular happiness of being duly appreciated and elo quently praised by every poet who has come after him, and Byron, to whose dictum on the subject the most stubborn must bend, has expressed bitter scorn at the attempt to place him in the class of the minor poets. " Fight who will about words and forms, Burns' rank," says he, "is in the first class of his art;" and Campbell, the author of tho Pleasures of Hope, writes — "There is scarcely another regret connected with his name than that his productions, with all their merit, fall far short of the talent he possessed." As a man, Robert Burns was endowed with the keenest sensibility, and his soul overflowed with the kindliest emotions of love to all God's creatures. The pulses of his great heart ever bent in sympathy with tho cry of dis tress, the tear of sorrow, or the wail of anguish ; and well can we believe the state- ment he makes in one of his letters, where ho says, " If I could, aud I believe I do as far as I can, I would wipe away all tears from all eyes." Scotland has reason to be proud of her son— (cheers) — and. we, his fellow-countrymen. deem it an honour and a great-glory to bear testimony, on this his natal day, that his memory still lives embalmed in our hearts, and shall ever have an abiding- place in its innermost recesses. (Renewed cheers.) ''On such an occasion, as this," says Professor Wilson, " nationality " is ' a virtue; for what is the memory of Burns but thu memory of ail that dignifies and adorns tha region Hint gave liiiit birth. Nut till that region it shorn of all its beams— its honesty, its independence, its inoial worth, its genius, and its piety— will the name ot Burns — " Die on the oar a faint unheeded sound." (Cheers.) (The toast was drunk in solemn silence.) Tiie Rev. Mr. Ross tlion rose and said— It gives mo great pleusure indeed on the pre sent occasion to rise and address you. It is seldom that such a number of gentlemen assemble in the country parts, and when 1 look around me I cannot but express my gratification. (Hear, and applause.) T fear, notwithstanding the toast committed to my charge, that i will bo unable to do it justice ; hnt I will endeavour to do my best, and no more can be required of me. (iloar, hoar.) The " Band o' Cukes "—why should we nnt cnrdiuliy, every one. drink to the continued prosperity of our native land. (Cheers.) Whatever may be our country wo are bound to, love it. (Hear,- hear.) He is not a man who loves not his country, whether he be a nativo of tiie greatest empire of the world, or a native only of the sinullest islo that dots tho bosom of tho, ocean — (cheers) — ho must love the land of his birth. (Renewed cheers.) Scotland was once a poor country ; it is not so now. The past history of Scotland, given her sons reason to bo proud of their country. (Cheers.) The associations or other days bind them to tliuir native soil. In these days of danger and tyranny, our ancestors were ever forward in the defence of freedom, aud to their struggles— their noble struggles — much of the liberty we now enjoy is owing, ( Loud cheer'.:.) But I will not enter further on this part of thu subject. .Scotland has not been behiud in producing men of the greatest -emineuce in every department of literature, Her philosophers are inferior to none of any country ; — her mathematicians are second to none: her historians stand in the first rank, there is Allison, there is Mackintosh, Aikman, aod many others ; — there is Sir Walter Scott, one of the brightest ornaments— a name en- J dearlid to tiie world: ttu-rc are our poets— i but why speak of any but Burns? His name abuts would immoi tali.-e any cMiutiy — the i people's bard--.Scot!at!d's oivu sou of mighty I gsoius. (Great cheering.) Burns was not known nor appreciated in bis own d;iv. ft i< | cow that the " pnir bardie " is reco piisi;d .as lie ought to be— (cheers) —and never will his. claim. i or tiie admiration, of his real genius be forgotten By his countrymen, nor yet by those of other lands who ulmire genius mid appreciate tile beautiful effusions which genius lias left to the win Id as 11 legacy. We have this finely evinced this evening. It makes one proud to seethe memory of Robert Burns honoured by so many of the'gentlemen of Australia, who thus eviricetheir apprecia tion of his writings, as well as testify their respect f-.r the land which gave him birth — for the "Land o' Cakes." (Cheers) May Scotland (iontinuu to flourish — may Scotch men hold in honoured remembrance braid Scotland, nod never lie ashamed of Him " Land o' Cakes " — the land of the free and brave. (The toast was drunk with great cheering.) Mr. John Paterson, M.P., than rose and said— After the great elopience and genuine warmth, of the rev. gentleman who had proro posed the last-toast, and after the enthusiasm with which that toast has been received. I may well he excused for feeling somewhat diffident in following, although the toast wliic.li I am about to propose is one that I mil -confident, wili have a warm ri-eepti-m, mid is very properly introduced at this «tage of the, proceedings. Although a 11 it.ivu of the glorious old .country we have just toasted — that land of so many names, whether known as the Land of Cakes, the I. and of Ghost. and Furies, of witches and -warlocks, or the land of brown heath and shaggy wood — whether most glorious by the heroism of a Wallace or a Bruce, or most hallowed by the memory of those old Covenanters, who. whatever now may be thought of their cause, showed the world what a Scotchman- could and dared do and endure for his country mid his God. (Cheers.) I say although a native of that glorious old country, the memory of which must ever be dear to me, I can never forget that it, has ever been one of her est boasts that her sons have always been amongst the first to go abroad and establish for themsaelves a ibitatioa and a mtur.: in distant lands, and that by so doing they only add to her glory and renown. (Hear and , cheers.) I can never overlook tiie Bust that _ a l-isotolniinn can do as much, nay morn, to make his country respected in the .wilds-of tustralia, us by remaining in the laud of his liirth. Although a tliorou gii Scotchman -(laughter) — I feel none the less a love mid desire for the welfare of the great country wc now live in, in which our associations arc formed and which has insensibly become our second iionie. Looking ipau it as Britain's hist horn daughter, we can scarce realise tho ' i'.-.et of our being in a foreign land, but quite independent of any' imeh feeling as -this, have we not reason to be proud of the gigantic strides which progress has made I her.; during, the last few years? (Hear,! hear) With all the difficulties which- have had to be overcome in this lately barbarous ; iand, we yet find the Australians imldiii'g a very high position in the sici.il scale; we find them a free, enlightened, and intelligent' people ; we (iiiil them, a iiheiigii .v.r nuny t'umsands of miles removed from tho mother j country, yet f.iiu-.ving her aim".-:t pari ji.i.wi I in every new improvement, and wiili.a spirit ' which never slackens its pace. (Cheers.) ' Whatever practicable branch of industry ami j art we consider, we find either tho thin end of the wedge inserted, or the policy of its ill- trivlnetioii, once mooted, earnestly discussed. \y.itli. all tltti difficulties of a spare population nd supply or labour, we yet find the Iron Horse gradually penetrating the thick woods of the intorior, and making the dense soli tudes resound with his shrill whistle where but a few years ago the foot of white man never trod. (Ilea , and npplauic.) The sluggish streams of both the northern and southern interior are gradually being made highways for the carriage i.f our imports and exports, and at 110 very distant day may we expect teste this tr..fiie made perfect. Our docks and herds roaui over countless hills mid plains, and we number tlicm by mil lions; our field., yellow with grain, dot the valleys and gladden our eyes wherever we travel. Our gold-fields, as if by a special decree of Providence, draw from many -lands a swarthy aud honest population, never daunted by hardship or adversity; They it first imme here as mere adventurers, but gradually-settle down and become good citi zens. and add to and maintain the wealth and power of the colony. (Hoar, hear.) Already the telegraph brings within easy liaii the far separate towns and seaports of tiie three colonies. Already the press is ' established in even tho most remote districts, diffusing knowledge amongst those who were almost shut, out from the world. Already churches and schools are springing up, still more benefiting the youth of tho-o districts; and a vigorous and determined spirit for pro gress and improvement is abroad, which it will take more than mere temporary adver sity to quench. (Cheers.) But' siill more pit-using to contemplate' than all this, Aus tralia lias a young generation of goodly pro mise growing up, likely. to- tHlnnfe-second place in Hie social scale. Already her sons have iaken_ a leading position -\in the government of their country, and we find them in every profession setting axgrcnt example, und showing certainly no lack of either talent or industry. (Hear an: applause.) Of her daneliter., iio v nliall I find language adequate to convey a sense of my admi ration? How refrain from trespassing 011 what will no doubt Form a separate toast of . thu evening? I will but express an opinion which I have long entertained. Hurt there nre those now growing npaiidalrc'ndy-grown, whose virtue, grace, and beauty, would nlono be quite sufficient to inako Australia pre eminent among nations. When we consider how much wu have to be grateful tor iiere, how few of us iiavu ever known want, how much in tile favour of tills land comparison with almost any other country is, how i ri fact thu'ndvauUca of this glorious loud p'aci us almost beyond the reach of penury, aud the voice of thu begger asking alms is almost unknown : when we find the Australians evei ready to reach nut u helping hand to distress and generous almost without parallel, v/emua admit that our lines have fallen 111 pleasant places, we must feel sure that a great and glorious future awaits this country,-lht-with a beatiful climate, a generous soil, enormous mineral wealth and magnificent and bound- less pasturage we may feel proud and satis fied with the land we live in. (Cheers.) I will conclude, before calling for your response to this toast, with tho expression of that wish uttered in such beautiful language by Mr. Wentworth, when speaking of Australia in connection with the mother country — " May this thy last-born daughter then arise To glad thy heart and greet thy parent eyes; And Australasia float with flag unfurl'd A new Britannia in another world. ' (Bond cheer..) I beg to propose "The Land we live in." (Renewed cheers.) Mr. Allinnn rose to reply to the toast. He said : Before I thank you, as 1111 Australian, for the manner in which you have done linnourto tiie name of my country, let meaa an Australian, reciprocate the loyal sentiments attributed to my countrymen by the Chair man, of attach incut to her Majesty and love for the great uud glorious constitution of England, "and let 1110 also say, with him, that I believe the the day to be u distant one, when any more than a very infinitesimally small portion of Auatralians would dream of severing tho connection with the parent country, by "cutting the painter." (Hear and o!icor.") As an Australian, J can vouch for the strong feelings of loyalty and attach- ment to her Majesty, wbioli have grown as it were with i\iy own youth ; and T think I know my countrymen well enough to say, that I lmvc these, feelings in common with Tlkim (A'jVplnusi-.)My_frien,IMr.— I'nter-- - son. Ims so eloquently auppnrted the claims of Australia to-yonr favourable reception of this toast, that it only remains for me, as her, son, to thank you — as I do most sincerely — for the honor von liav.-j paid to my country. And now. but lor the warm reception you have given me- this evening. I might feel" somewhat uncomfortable in addressing you from my pr.:enr. position, the. foot of the table, to which Mr. A. iiad cunefiom a side table.. or when I remember the reception which, in "-another p! ice." a very gifted young countryman of tuin'o has of late re- 1 ceived in a similar position, nml under the. name of tint "honorable member ut the foot of the table." (Clieurs and laughter.) I might well look to tho toast I am nlimit to impose to insure your indulgence ratimr than anything I can say in support of it. But fortunately my toa-.t is one which will ;e.xliibit all your 'sympathies —whether Eng lish, B-isii, or Hc itcb — for ail are equilly in- t"re.-.ted ami identified v.-ith the glorious memories cmnie.ctod witlfHur" Rose, Sham 'rock, aitd Thistle." (Loud cheers) And although your Chairman, and the rev. gentio- mxti'wlio followed liini, have necessarily an- fioin .ted much Hint I miulit have said in honour of the great names connected with this 'glorious trio, 1 cannot leavli the 'subject without a few words of proud cAmmumlution of the position r.ow occupied by Hie .United! Kingdom as represented by the emblems i have ironed in. my toast. And that position I attribute principally, to the great and reasonable constitution of liberty which she holds and loves, ami the great sympathy which exits amongst all ranks of tho people, as shown By tho endeavours whieh for many years past her leading noblemen. and the members of the higher grades of society, have been making — and successfully making — to elevate and improve the mental and social position of their less fortunate brothers of the poorer classes, thus showing that they fuel tli-.it tho wealth they possess lias its re sponsibilities as well as pleasures— (clieors) — and cementing the kindly feelings which should ever exist between the rich and the poor. And now, although I might sifoly leave my toast in your hands, and ask you to do it meet- honor, on the grounds I have mentioned ;— of the moral and intellectual worth of the sons of those countries, permit me, as the sun of an old soldier, nud. as on tlmt account feeling a greater sympathy perhaps with till things connected with the army, to remind you of one incite reason why we should he proud, and justly proud, of the sons of the Rose, Shamrock, anil Thistle. Lot me recall t.o'your memories the glorious scene so well described hy iiie Irish histo rian,' Russell, the Ti'iiia correspulideiit, of the Battle of Balakluv.i. (Oncers.) Let me call to voiir reuiemlirauce the deeds of our gallant' eoiintryinc.il. of t'10 three countries, on that dreadful d iy of/slaughter1 When Hie glorious' old 9l)id Highlanders, "in line, awaited the charge of fifteen hundred of the (lower of Russia's cavalry. Picture to your selves " that their red «tru;.\ t pp d with a line nf lire!," in their silent hnt desperate bravery, waiting for the mighty wave of destruction which approached (hem, ami their gallant old leader .Sir Culiu'Camphell in their midst. And then listen with proud "motion, to the deadly «riog of their fatal rifles as tho hum : rushed upon them! and. as Hie smoke cleared away see the broken squadrons rushing bank from that " stern' line of < iaeiio ruck " faster, as Ruasell s.iysl, then tluy c.noe. (Bond cheers:) Then, (jo with mo to that, fatal.au'l terrible charge of the Ijigiit Brijnde, parti- -cipnted -in -by - English?- Irish.- and .Zootehuion, titid sec" Hid inereii.-iittlful -afuttr e.avtrlry charging the enemy's gnus at a distance of a mile and1 a-liaif without support, and through a passage literidiy lined with tiie enemy's' cannon and rifles, ami agc.iust, a lias been truly said, " an army in position." And then let mo ask you if there is one wh" hears me who does not i'eel a proud emotion at tiie thought of having rueii glorious countrymen as these. Bet ns, then, with all honor drink the toa.t I have :hn : emleavoui od to support— Hie " Ro ;. tihnmruak, cud Thistle." (The toast w;.s drunk with loud cheers.) /.Trie We-Chairman sa;d, Thu toast I have tir. propose is "The Me liory of Sir 'A'alter Seott." another of the illustrious Scottish dead, whose genius had thrown an -imperish able lustre around' the literature of Ids coun try. (Hear, and chuei>. 'To myself this toast lies even more than -tiie great interest wliieh it inut ever peculiarly possess. It was my lot to lie born in tint neighbourhood of Abbotsford, amid scenes immortalised by somc'of the noblest of bis works. I recol lect him .in tha height of bis fame, wjsen the highest ami greatest of the land were proud to be bis guests ; — (cheers) —and, last scene of all--I followed him to lii 3 grave. Hut, like Hie immortal Burns, ihe fame of fcjcotl was 110 local or temporary lain ;. From tiie Tweed to thu Ganges— from the Clyde to the V isr-is.vpi - from the remotest clearings of the far hack v. nods of America to the utter most, hounds of civilization in the wilds of -Australia, his name and his works were familiar as lion a poet, in the days ot Byron, and Moore, and Campbell, and ethers almost equally giflvd, '10 stood ill thu foremost ranks. V/liile in thu 'paths of fiction, which lie more paitieu- larl.v I rode, he so distanced competition as to be without a rival. (Hear, hear.) The un surpassable crualious of iiis fancy— Hie sub limity of his description nud his unrivalled fli.lb.'i.ntinn of obaraeler. liniulllillled il i 111 wi til universal sanction the Shakspuure of the age. (Loud cheers.) As Burns, too, hy the lhanly vigour and the stirring nationality of his yerse, bad earned for himself a nainu among his countryman that would never die, so Would Scott livo in their hearts for ever. While bis kindred soul extended in its geni ality of iceling from " man to tnun the world o'er," Hie highest— the grandest object of his aspirations was to proclaim the. glory of "his own, his native land " (Cheers.) _ In describing tho grand and characteristic beauties of/its scenery, every castle, and tower, and lake, and 'glen,, seemed to derive _ fresh beauty lro:n the magic of. his pen, — "(clieors) — while in pmirtraying the manners, and the customs, and the days of old, wliieh . he nid with the vividness of a living reality, ho upheld the ancient renown of Scotland, and gave to our heroic forefathers a world- , wide rei.utution and an imperishable' fame. , (Great cheers.) A3 cuiblanouud in his own , baronial hall, they '.word " meri nl name, wba keepit tho marchys of Scotland in the old , tyrne for the Kynge. Trewo men ware tliey . in their tyrao aiid in their defence. God them defendyt"" (Great cheering.) Wherever the I love of country aiid the'love of genius has a home, there would the name and the works ofSeottbi revered, appreciated, and admired; and on the, present occasion, when wc uro met in this far distant land to do honour to both. I claim a tribute to ono of Scot land's greatest sons— (cheers)— and propose "The Memory of Sir Walter Scott.' (Tito .toast was drunk in profound silence.) Mr. Wood said— Coming after so many gentlemen of ability, I may well wish that the toast I am about to propose bad been en trusted to 'some person better able to do it justice, for I am in a similar position to the Provost of a certain Scotch Burgh. At tiie conclusion of tho war with the great Napoleon, it became necessary to disband a rogimuut of .yeomanry cavalry, mi l it was proposed to present the colonel with a cup. There were testimonials in those days, and the Provost was thought he most fitting person to present it. Tito day was appointed, the guests assembled, and the Provost rose to present the cup. But, ulus— "Tito best laid schemes o' mice an' mop gang aft a" glee, Aud leaves nought but grief and pain for promised jov." Tho speech the worthy Provost had been re hearsing to iiis butter half- for a week before was gono, " vanished like tiiiu air," mid tif.er ' sundry lieni an" coughs. In: could only say — " Hi -A Gohqial.tlna.:' the cujri" ( Laughter.) I Mij>,/0 ;e tlif.i-i: is nothing very uxtraordiu wv ; in a' Provost m oulting 'down in ti speech, but a cnionel of yeomanry cavalry could never fail. So the .Colonel arose to reply, but here again the song of the mouse interfered, and the Colonel could only say " Eh, Provost, is_ tliatgiiccu;)1 — (renewedIaiigiitei-j — nndthe bust tiling I can do 011 the present occasion i. just to say, " line, -gentlemen, there's the Poets, of Australia." (Cheers.) I am not disposed to honour genius, however bright, unless accompanied by an unmUtnknlilu large- licartediiKss: and it is because I believe that 'turns possessed in an eminent degree those higher qualities that constitute, the 111:111, that I nm here to honour his name. I j do not deny Bnrns's faults, but I care not to reckon them up. The Eastern .Sage aays, "when the rich carpet is soiled the fnol points to the stain, the wise man covers it with his mantle." Let it bo so with Burns; lie was surpassingly noble, unconquerably independent, a man of honour, mid a fricml to be trusted; - (hear, aud nop',:', use) —and a I would wish the poets of Australia to ha adorned with' those high qualities that en noble man, I would like to show that P.urus possessed them. But I fear tha subject litis become wearisome. (No, no.) I need not take von to that iir.iiowed spot, where " Ayr gurgling kissed her pebbled shore," and Hie golden hours 011 angel wings" flow o'er him 'furl his loved one; nor to that time when he Itoid the "ling'iing star with lessening I ra\ " — ' That o'er thus scenes my memory wakes, Aud fondly brands with miser care. Time hut the impression stronger makes, As streams, their channels deeper wear," (Cheers.) It will lie remembered that Burn had sung the last song lie intended to sing in Scotland, had sent. Iiis clothes to .Grcnock, was about to "row Ids Imrdies hi n h'aui'ieuck, take a berth afore the mast and o'er the sea," "when a letter from tho excellent "Dri' Black-" lock invited him to come to Edinburgh, lie hastily cull'-cted a little money and went to the metropolis; nud what did ho do on hit arrival there— visit the tuarbio lip.lls, and pay homage to the groat? No; lie went and shed tears over the grave of poor Ferguson, the poet; petitioned for and obtained per mission to erect a stone over Iiis grave to mark the spot where the poet lay, and in scribed thereon those memorable words from Iiis own poem, toCapt. Matthew Heildcrsou — " Oh, Ferguson ! the man, the brother — And art thou gone, and gone -far ever; And hnst thou eross'd that unknown rivei; Life's dreary bouml; Like thee, where shall we find another The world around." 1 (Loud clieors.) Talk to me of Bnrns's faults! Such a disinterested generous act as this would indeed cover a multitude of aim. (Hear, hear.) He next dedicated. his p.-'tutVL to the noblemen and gentlemen of Hie Cale donian Hunt; and how did he act 011 that occasion — go cap in hand, and obsequiously bow tutlie maguntis of the lend? No, that was foreign to the nature of Burns ; lie knew that liTifoscqlffilTiniiiiirrin" i :i fellcct, .".ml as the mind is the "stature of the man," lie stepped luridly up to them and said, " I do not come to thank yon for past favours, nor to ask a continuance of them; that path is so hack neyed hy prostituted learning that honest .rusticity is ashamed of it ; I was burn to the 'plough, and am independent; I come to olaiui tlio common Scottish name with yon, my lords and gentlemen, and glory in Hie title." Blessings on him for that de dication ; it lias made millions walk with head erect, and set their foot firmer 0:1 the solid earth. (Loud clivers.) He then went 011 a tour to toe north with Iiis friend Nichnl, one of the te.iuheis nf the High School, a talented but mnroso man. Wiuu ri'iey got to Stirling, Xicbnl took thu poet's pencil, and wrote, those memorable lines, regretting -the absence of tho Stewarts, ami calling the Hanover family 11 race of idiots. A commercial trader passed that way, copied the lines, they flew over Hcittland like wild tire, and when the pout returned, lie found many a doer shut and many a cold shoulder turned towards him; and when he suuglit office in the excise these lines were not forgotten. His friends urged him to repudiate them, Im: he made the noble reply; No, I know they nre not mine, hut it wm'ild ruin him, he is my friend, and I shall never betray li tin." (Clieers.) One critic, in order to traduce Hie poet, instances a rash oath he made, but | does not ie!l us tiie causa nf it. It was this.: Armour was one of tiiose upright niqn who regulate their conduct by the plum-line and the spirit-level —very good sort of feilows in their way, but sometimes do very incon sistent acts. lie was opposed to the union of bis -daughter with tiie poet, and sent her to Paisley ; a young man of the highest ' honor, named Wilson, a former r.clinni-follow of Jane's, knowing her story, called to en quire if lie could serve tier in any way. These visits were reported to the poet ; lie was jealous, hud swore the oath referred to. Wilson heard of the poet's wrath, and wrote to him explaining tiie matter, lie was satis fied, thanked Wilson, und was reconciled to Jane. Why did i.nt the critic tail us the whole truth, and leave us to judge for our selves? 'J'jie poet has long gone to — " His last lied, where kings aud princes, Wits- and fools are laid." He cares not for the critics rage — "So By some hedge, the generous' steed deceased, For liaif-btarved snarling enrs a dainty feast ; By toil and famine worn to skin and bone. Lies heedless nf each tugging hitch's son." I fear th.it colonial poetry, like other colonial things, 'is often passed by for a far less valu able article imported. There is Ilarpnr— not my friend David Harper. 011 my right — (laughter) — who, notwithstanding tho ad- verso criticism of tiie eccentric Frank Fowler, has written inuny excellent poems. To him I would say, in 'tliu words of Burns to Davy Siller — " Jla'il to the ninso my dainty Davie, The warl may play you many a shavie, As for the muse she'i! never ieuvc you, Though era bo poor, Na, though e'er iimpin' wi' the spavie Frae door to door." Because the Etrick Shepherd wrote soma weak p.ieces, will uny man say Hogg was not a poet of a high' order. So it is with llolloran mid others that I need not name. I will now come to our own poet—for "we has gotten poets o' our ain." There is Harry Dashboard, of Yass Ville, who has— "Made our streams and burnies shine, Up wi' the best," in his own peculiar style, and is a poet of no mean pretensions. ( Hear, and applause.) I would be sorry to hear that our old friend had hung his harp on the willow when he can yet tune it so sweetly. Of him I would say— "May never wicked fortune toozle him, May never wicked men bamboozle him, Until a pow as auld's Mathuselem He canty claw, Sine to the new Jerusalem Fleet wing a'wa'." (Applause.) Then there is the Bard of Quean bcyan, who has written some excellent pieces. I will show any gentleman one of iiis titat.wili well repay perusal, and he is now preparing fo'i1 tliu press two poems cf considerable magnitude, which will take Australia by surprise, or to use a common saying will " astonish the natives.' (Laugh ter and applause.) j " Hale bo his lieurt. Bala be his fiddle, Lang may his elbow jink andjiddle, To wear him through the weary widdlo 0 warld!y< cares ; Till bairns bairns kindly cuddlo His nu Id greyhnirs." (Cheers.) I sea'innumorabl 1 gems scattered ovetllio columns of tho public journals, but as the authors keep in thu (lark, I can only- say that theso little pieces not only show poetical fire, but show more of the genuine feelings of the 60ul than more elaborate pieces. Poets are proverbially poor : what nf Hint, they speak lofty thoughts and toach men to )r,ve their kind, and to feel that this world of ours is net so bad s world after all ; i ltd as wa trudge along tho rugged path cf t Iiis dull world tliey giTe uj merry so-.tga to cheor us by tho way — show us the daisies and buttercups that grow in our path — aud teIlVU3 to— ) " Taste life's glad moments, .While-tlio-wnsting-tapcr-giows, And pluck ere it withers. The quickly fading lose." I have now only to give you tho Poets of Australia. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. D. Campbell, of Burrowa, said — The toast I have to propose I feel confident will lie cordially responded to. You have already had "The Land we live in," and "the I'oets of :flistri'.lia," lint I am satisfied Hint the louse of " tbq Azrieiilturat and Pas toral Interests of the' Colony" is not pro posed at too late a period of the evening to lie warmly received. (Cheers ) As for our m; ri- cu'turul pursuits, tli-v do not appear to lie in the best condition, hot they 'had fortunately something else to depend on. They did not in fact seem to care about growing w-lmat fur sale, and it was generally thought that enntigh was done if sufficient was grown for their own consumption. The first thing tliey required to euenuiage agricultural pursuits was good ror.ds, to enable tho growers of grain to convey their surplus supplies to uiurket to dispose of it profitably. (Hear, and cheers.) The distance and difficult- cf forwarding wheat to market rendered it im possible for them to compete with tlm agri- nultrists v.ho redded near Sydney and on the Onnqmsttiros, so that there was in reality no iuiuccmeut for them t> grow wheat. (liear, bear.) With thn pastoral interests it was diifeieiit; nod i believe that if tliey were ever put to one aide, no other interest'will or can flourish. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Campbell utsome leiietb adverted to the various ways in which pastoral pursuits benefitted the co lony and colonists, and concluded by tailing on Hie company to drink success to the -Agricultural and Pastoral interests cf tiie colony. (The toast was drunk amid loud and continued cheering.) Mr. Vi'clmuii responded to tho toast. In order to get a!:.ng successfully, lie said wc must have rail way s — (hear. Iicm j — otlierw ieo in many instances it would bo found that tiie expense of transit tvculd bo found to exceed the value of the produce. Did railways exist the laud could an.i would be cultivated to an extent to do a wav with thu necessity of importing bread stuffs. (Hear, hear.) Tliey must urge an the members of Parlia ment tills great want, and not rest satisfied I until railway s we ro constructed. (Cheers . ) ''Tiie itev. Mr. P.'ms was csiled , on to' pro-' 'pose "the' liii'xt toast.' lie sniil — The toast which f have been called on to propose is "The Explorers of Australia"— (e'.eeisl— v.- .and I am snrn thh meeting can h :i;q'ire- ciate Hie labours of .tbe.'lidid and energetic men. and will do .-hwiiuur to their mimes aud memories. ( l.oud cheers.) Australian gen tlemen reap the advantage of the explorations of Mitchell, titui t, Leieliiiardt, and Gregory. Theso men opened the way to those fine loculiliea where the wealth of the colony is m-odueed ; ...these men entered upon their dis- coveries with all tiie necessary appliances,, possessed of all Hie aids of r.eioncc, and well furnish' d with supplies. But there is one , explorer— a nativo of the colony — tin) first in time, and not the last in success, who re- 1 sides' i'n' this district— (clieef.) — uiid ivh'ose name I would take the liberty of connecting with the toast— a name familiar to all here, — a name honoured by all here — I mean Hamilton Hume. (K.itliudantic cheering.) I need not say much of Iiis oxtrauir.i.oiiy journey to Port Phillip ; you know Hie par- tieuluis. Without science at his command, guided only by bis compass and bis own bush knowledge— sustained liy_aeboI.l and perse vering determination — lie accomplished his object, and returned in triumph. (Loud cheer.) Let us then do honour to the Man of A; pin, our early explorer, who deserves to b; classed .with thu. best' of Iiis brother, ex.-.. |lor:isof Australia. iCupiinucd cheering.) 1 here is a gentleman present— a companion ofp or Leiehhardt in his first journey, who is to respond, mid who is more qualified to speuk on the subject. I give you the " Explorers oi' A ostrulis." ( Loud cheers.) Mr. J. S. Calvert returned thanks, and said — I I elieve thai my reveijuiul friend, the proposer of tiie toast, has judieioii-ly or in judiciously connected my name with it' be cause of my having bad Hie honor of accom panying Dr. l.ciuliliivrdt 011 his first explor ing expedition. I regret very much Hint my c/.teemvil friend .Mr. Hamilton Hume, is unabie to be present thin evening to respond to the toast. The monument now standing at Albury will announce Mr. Hume's lame as one in the first explorers of Australia so long n-s Australia exists. (Cheer..) 1 Can only tliauk you for having honoured mo by ns-jociatiug my name with tiie explorers of Australia — with tlir.se of Hume; Sir T. Mit chell, L'.-ietihardt, lixbbago, mid Stint — an honor which v.-aa quitu unexpected. (Cheers.) Mr. A. H. Hume proposed the "Town nud Trade of Yaaa." In doing so lie naid— While I fervently wish success nml prosperity to the town, I must find fault with the great degree of apathy which exists amongst its inhabitants. I hope the town and tin.lu will ever prosper, and I do wish that something, was done in thu way of its improvement, (Hear and cheers.) 1 have iT.ueh pleasure in proposing Prosperity to Hie Town mid Trade of Yass. (Cheers.) Mr. Godfrey, in returning thanks for " the Town, and Trade," said — After the many brilliant speeches we have had this evening, it would be presumption on my part to detain you with any remarks that I might wish to make, especially as there are a great mnv.y more, I trust, yet to be propoiud, nud so' many gentlemen of no ordinary tfileut able and leady to respond to them. I must, how ever. take credit that this toast could not have been placed in the bands of any person who feels greater interest in tho prosperity of Yass than myself; (Applause.) Since 1 have bad the pleasure of residing here, now over e'ix years, I have noticed a marked change for the better, and if I have been in any way instrumental to its improvement, I fuel proud of it. (Cheers.) I belie /e that with a little more 'unanimity, a little more liberality, and the same determination, Yass may be raised from the eighth to a fifth or sixth position in the colony. (Hear, hear.) For connecting my name with the Town and Trade of Yaas, I have now only to return you my best thanks. (Cheers.) \- Mr. Bc3nard was received with much np- plauae, and proposed " Absent Friends," re marking that lie did not know how to pro pose the toast properly, as it seemed to him to be a mytl, It' was impossible to uril spirits from tho vasty deep; but lie woild propose the tonet and leavo it with the meeting. t'Lnud laughter and cheers.) . Mr. Davidson, of Donro, propositi the health of the Chairman in a brief and ap propriate speech, which was loudly ap plauded." The Chairman acknowledged the com- pliment. Mr. Besnard then ro3e, and s lid that this time he had something tangible to deal with, but when he had last rien ho was quite at a lo-s, fueling that he had nothing to propose. (Laughter and cheers.) In a shorfrand happy spiecli, Mr. Besnard then proposed the Health of the Vice-President. -(The toast wasdrnnk witligreat enthusiasm.) The Vice-President returned thanks. Mr. Higman in a lengthy and able speech proposed the Press; to which Mr. J. J. Brown responded. Mr. W. B rough ton in a pleasant speech proposed "The Ladies," which was received with hearty cheers. Mr. Byng was londly called for to respond. Tie said lie-had much pleasure in doing so, although he must object to tho l«te hour at which tiie toast had boon proposed. Instead of being placed nt the bottom of tho list he thought it should have bad precedence of mnny that had been proposed. (Cheers.) This oorapleted tho prepared list of toasts, and a largo number of others were subse quently given. About three o'clock the Chairman vacated the ohsir; when Mr. Higman was called on to preside, aud a largo number remained— song, sentiment, and toast prevailing— until "dayliebt did- appear." ' And thus turniinatod ono of the most pleasant and hippy gatherings that ever took- piaco iu Yass. / ' 