TAMWORTH. THE following paragraphs are from the Examiner of Wednesday last. OUR BRIDGE.-We believe that there is now some like, lihood of the Bridge over the Peel River. being shortly commenced. Our enterprising townsman, Mr. Bowell, yesterday applied to the Bench to. be permitted to in. speat the plan, with a view to tendering. Wo sincerely hope Mr. Dowell will undertake the work, being a looul man; and thus shew the Government that, if they will give anything like a figure, there will be found plenty of contractors on the spot ready to take up the work and complete it in a very short period. PRISONERS' SENTENCES.-The Bencb of : Magistrates yesterday gave orders to the chief-constable, in every case where a sentence of confinement was passed, to cora-, pel the delinquent to work on the streets, in clearing away the stumps, burrs, &c;, in lieu of being kept in the lock-up doing nothing. Constables will be appointed to guard them. We certainly think this a very wise order, and a step in the right direction, for it effects two good ends-viz.-carrying out the sentencs of the law, and conferring a great convenience on the townsfolk. We have no doubt, when this becomes known, that it will have a deterring influence on those likely to visit the lock-up. The weather during the past week has been very delightful, and beneficial showers of rain have frequently fallon. FATAL FIRE AT CAMPBELL's REEF.-Two LIVES LOST. \--We regret to announce that a shocking fire ooóured last week at Campbell's Reef, which resulted in the/death of two children, Henrietta Spry and Charles Cook, the former an infant, and the latter a child about three years of age, and also caused severe injuries to a poor woman named Mrs. Cook, the mother of the little hoy. It appears that Mrs, Cook is a widow, who bad been living at Campbell's with her child, and having the little girl to nurse, the father of which is a widower resi ling not far from the tent which was the scene of the catastrophe. On Thursday night between nine and ten o'clock,- some diggers who lived quite near Mrs. Cook's tent, heard some screaming, and going out of their tents they im- mediately saw that Mrs. Cook's abode was on fire, and that flames were issuing from the roof. They hastened to the spot and tore open the door, when they saw ia tho middle of the place, the poor woman quite bewildered, and surrounded by fire ; she had the little girl with her, and both were much burnt. It was with difficulty they could got her out, as she kept endeavouring to get at the bed to recover the other child, who, she stated, was still in it. The neighbours hurried her out and examined the bed, but could see no child there, but in n minute or two afterwards it was seen under a sort of table or counter which was in the tent, and all on fire. They immediately tried to rescue it-one taking hold of its leg and trying to draw it out, but the poor little child terrified out of its senses, dung to the counter, and would not-leave go until most severely burnt. A vary short time and the tent was torn down and the fire extinguished. Mrs. Cook and the two children, all of whom were terribly burnt, were accommodated by the neighbours in the best manner possible. Very j shortly after the sad accident, Dr. Galbraith was in at- tendance, and did everything that skill could suggest to alleviate the sufferings of the unfortunates, but not- withstanding his exertions the two children died in the course of Friday, and it is greatly to be feared that Mrs. Cook' will not survive the injuries she has sus-. tained, being very severely burned about the face, neck, and breast. How the fire occurred is a mystery. The poor woman hers. If can give no information on the subject, but it seems to have orignated about the bed. Dr. Girdlestone, the district coroner, hold an inquest on the remains of the two children on Saturday, at the conclusion of which the jury returned a verdict to the effect that the two children came by their death from, a fire accidentally caused.- Castlemaine Advertiser, Au- gust 30. SPIRIT RAPPING EXTRAORDINARY.-A rospostable fam- ily residing in Nippot-lano, Leeds, havo been for tho past six or eight weeks seriously disturbed in mind by the extraordinary noises heard from time to time in their dwelling. These noises took tho form of rapping*, and wero heard at all times of tho day and all periods of the evening until niter night.fnli. At dinner tho family would.be alarmed at thc violent rappings at the dining-room door; at tea tho front door and tho sitting room door would be similarly affected ; and if the family adjourned to the garden,thc rappings could be distinctly heard. Treated at first as a novelty, the " visitation" at length béoamo a serious nuisance, and various methods were considered with the viow of terminating it, but all apparently without avail.' Soientifio friends were called in, and tho mysterious visitant was obliging enough to attond their seances, and to manifast itself in every possib a way, except by palpable appearance, and so aa to give (bern an opportunity of speculating upon its character. But tbe men of science went away as puz- zled as they came, and tba agency remained undetected. Stoney Hook being situated over coal workings, it was at one tiino Buggostod that the noises heard might be occa- sioned either by tho workmen in tho pit, the soughing of tho air through the gates, or bo the result of 'soma at mospherlo phenomenon. But it was held, that if the rappings were oaused naturally, they would not be confined to vibrations of the doors, but the windows, I foundation?, &c;, of tho house, would be likewise shaken. I The inmates, of- tho house were seriously con I templating a removal to some less noisy tenement, when a startling discovery was made. i Spirits are gen oral ly held to be immaterial, but ono morning when Mr.-was about to pull on bis boots, be discovered, to his great astonishment and an- noyance, that tho loather had been literally cut into rib- bands. The servant girl generally acted as tho shoe- black, and to her he appealed for on explanation. She boldly affirmed that the mischief must have been done [ by the ghost; but on being threatened with a policeman, her tone visibly altered, and sha acknowledged in con. trite and penitont strain*, that all tho mysterious noisoB of tho poBt two months havo been caused either by ber or in conjunction with tho abigail of the adjoining house. Tho mystery was Bolvod. Mr. -- now remembered that no noises had ever boen heard after Jane had re* tired to rest, and tbat she was always in tho house when tho rappings took place, and he consequently discharged her with a suitable oaution; no douht heartily glad to gut rid of her without au exposure of a moro publio nature. Sinco Jane's disoharge thore has been aa end of tho " spirit rappings" at Stoney Bock. LOST IN TME BUSH.-To the Editors of the Maitland Mercury.-Gentlemen,-I beg to report that on Sunday, the SBtb August, 1859, a gentleman named Dr. Frank Spencer Franois had been on bis way travelling on horse- back from Singleton to Merriwa; ha stopped at Mr. James Turner's public-house, Hall's Creek, on Saturday night,27th ultimo; he loft there on the 2Sth ultimo, to proceed to his place of abode, Merriwa, On Wednes- day, 31st instant, tho horse, bridle, and saddle, wore found in tho bush, two milos from Hall's Creek, without tho rider. The occurrence was reported to tho chief coDstttble, Muswellbrook, on Thursday morning, he despatched two constables to Hull's Creek, where tjiey wore joined by two constables from Merriwa, and a fow in habitants in search- ing tho bush for some ' ton milos in tho vicinity of whero the borea had been found, but got no trace of the abovo gentleman up to this dato ; he had been in tho horrors of drink. Description-About 32 years of age, florid oomploxion, blue eyes, light hair and moustache, about five feet eight or nine inches, an Englishman, had beon a dootor of ono of the transport ships in the Crimea, had resided at Jerry's Plains for a short time, not long in this colony. JAMES SHINDON, CC, Muswellbrook, 4th September, 18DÓ. 