(Ertgtiml toresprtmti To the Editor of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser. ' : Sir,—We do not know what opinions may prevail' iri the outer world as' regards our f'.co'lective wisdom,''.whose peculiar manifestations are consecrated to the Municipal Council; Chambers. But really -to us citizens-it. seems as if the genius presiding- in that delphic temple had singularly crooked ways of going, about its business. A Superin tendent for; the " Fire Brigade" was wanted, as people who think it straight lines, were led to believe from adver tisements to that effect appearing in the newspapers. But whether the Council was in earnest; or, whether, in a facetious mood, the advertisement was got up, as a joke, by common sub scription, each member contributing according to his ability—is really a puzzle which the public mind cannot, as yet, see through. At all events there were five candidates—five men who would net suffer iafini q disparagement by standing alongside any other five taken from the Council Board—who acted on the. belief lhat the advertise ment was no joko, but quite.a f>lain earnest matter of fact—taking 'it, in fine, on its own seeming. And so these five men, who understand in the literal, not the figurative or metaphorical sense/ the practical concerns of life, respond- : ing to the call of the Council, did each of thein send in a writ'en application for the supprintendenfship of the Fire Brigade. One would most naturallj think—" now here is the article wanted laid to their hands, good in quality, with abundance to choose from—cer tainly the Council will select a superin tendent from the jive, who, at their own public request, come forward all alike willing, and the faultiest ot them quite competent, to. undertake the duties desiderated." But no such thing—the business gets all the more entangled the more they do in it. The whole matter is held in obeyanee till it be "ascertained whether a superintendent, paid or unpaid, could be found amongst the gentlemen of influence and position in the town. The question therefore, is to be adjourned until Friday next:" Look at this now, ye five horny handed, sun-brown'd, vulgar, ungainly louts, come out from the common herd of coarse plebieans! Unlettered hinds, in striped shirts and clouted shoon. « Who sit by the fire,and presume to know . ... What's done i' the capital." This feint of wanting a superinten dent, a9 per advertisement, is much akin to the fine old practical joke of throwing heated coppers to be scrambled for by a mob of street boysj while the " gentlemen" (?) overhead on the balcony enjoy an immense amount o £■ felicity in seeing what ugly fa.ees boys will make when their fingers are burnt and their hopes deceived. Is it not so, ye five, deluded candidates ? The office was held out to your competition, and are ye not no?? told, tacitly told, if not in so many words, that you were only jested with. For Io ! a patrician super intendent is to ba sought for, " as for a hid treasure," amongst the gentlemen of influence and position in the town What can ye think . would a burning house, care for efforts to pull it dow;n, made by direction of such unmannerly, j rude, boors as all mechanics are! "A ! fire" could not be thought to respect you as gentlemen of influence andposition ! : No. And therefore let us have a superintendent with lily-whita hands, i not made to be soiled with labor—a white bell-topper, crape-mounted—ard a shirt whiter than, either, changeable diurnally in a rotation of one on, three off ! A gentleman, in fine, of such | position and influence as that a *' Fire" feeling ashamed of itself would go out whenever he appeared. H Paid or unpaid'I What, magnani mous indifference worthy of a king! And yet within the social limits made so luminous and grand by the occupa« tion of this patrician order, not the labor of the office—which is a regular condition annexed thereto-—but pay ment without it would be a very acceptable thing indeed to many of " the gentlemen of influence and posi. lion in the tomrt' just aow, including, perhaps, the author of the motion. " Paid or unpaid." But what of the fitness ? Aye. to bs sure what of it. Influence and position, of the fungi kind prevalent here, are^ accidents non essential to this fitness—but mechanical tact is and so is brains, jn ordinary volume at least. " Paid or unpaid," if this thing called fitness is to be in any measure admitted as a necessary" ^element of the question, then wboso undertaketh the search tl for superin tendent amongst" &c.;, &c.;, is recom mended to take example trom. the old ph losopher who want .in pursuit /of what was thought common to every body—honesty, to wit. . But the. sage knew better, and^so lit hia lantern in broad day, and threading the throngs in the market place looking as it were ! into people, on being asked what he I sought ("or so earnestly, replied,holding up his lantern "that he was in search of an honest man." And, pray, who is this person that; stickles so for " genteility," position," <fec., with all its trumpery of. detected imposture-and ludicrous sham ? Who is this lone spiritof a past. age, that, out of all due tifoe, would disparage labour, which is fast rising to its original dig nity as the divinest thing in the human condition?" It comes upon us as if 'twere the ghost of that venal piophet from, beyond the gulpb ®f centuries, who of old, taking up his parable, would fain, had he dared, have cursed the peo ple to cuny favor with the dispensers of wealth and place ! , But, again, ;who is he, and what are his antecedents ? The brewer of Gamp-street is he;' and that he swung the fore-hammer to a black smith whom we know, his antecedents are. Nobody will think it an unseemly thing that, a concocter of mischief-doing foul-waters, should, in his capacity of a Municipal Councillor, concoct draughts that nauseate our,intellectual, as, in the other line, our animal tastes. An as pffing m&n; is the brewer, whosa spirits are most-tall/tallerin fact than his own brick chimney ; and—which ought to signify something—he has acquired to his name the affix of two initials, but, upon what grounds placed there, would be as hard to find out as many other imaginary things which have got names indeed, but which had never any .being. Marc Antony 3aid in his. funeral oration that "if Cresar was ambitious^ it was a grievous fault." Our Municipal Caesar 1 is'a vastly ambitious person age, ho doubt, but we hope the" "grievous fault" thereof may be atoned for by a little public whipping now again. His am-1 bition, indeed, is voracious as a mael- I strom, that soaks up whatsoever of I floating ocean wreck falls within its eddies, and is.never- one whit the nearer being satisfied. But for the brilliancy of. certain rather coarse elements ot cha. racter, as seen - at intervals in; the Council Chambers, we might have com plimented him as Falstaff did Air. Justice Silenceyby observing that: "it well befitted he should be of the peace." There are mysteries connected with representative bodies in. general which. pass all understanding—the changes, we mean, which come over all men delegated in charge of the public •interests. Not to speak of national.par-. liaments, which evolve the same mys terious influences, some enchantment, seems to have incorporated itself with the building materials, and the very , atmosphere-of our- Council Chambers.: Once within its walls,, ten. to pne but I Brown becomes not brown and Dunn, but something very far from " dun." "A Chevalier'' will probably be shrivelled down to a.rpcreaiit:knight. .a Clark be come false.in. figures and unfaithful to bis trusts; while Witt is no more witty, but ; a dull bore. A brewer, however, presents an instance of change the most curious of all. From a ' plain, mode rately' educated man who aforetime sub mitfed^quietly to the conditions of the lot imposed upon him by the inexorable law of nature, he has bepome the knight errant of an imaginary order of beings dwellingjin the fabulous regions of "in fluence and position,", in whose ciuse he yearns to do battle on wind mills, flocks of sheep, or indeed anything be sides, which is conjured up in thedreams of aftrain gono addled—and all through the enchantment resident in the Councii Chambers. I an], Sir, , Yours, <fec.. VOICE OF THE FIVE CANDI • DATES. . Beechworth, Oct. 25th, 1859. 