BATHURST CIRCUIT COURT. (From the Times, April 1.) CIVIL CAUSES. _ WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30. BEFORE his Honor Sir Alfred Stephen, and a special jury of four. ' B.iUNAiir v. OLIVER. Counsel for plaintiff, Mr. Stephen e, for defendant, Mr. Wise. This was an action to recover compensation for damage done to a' dwelling occupied by the defendant as tenant under the plaintiff. Verdict for plaintiff : damages, £60. TUCKER v. TOOHEY, Counsel for plaintiff, Mr Wise; for defendant, Mr. Stephen. This was an action for goods sold and delivered. The plaintiff is a ' storekeeper in Mudgee ;. and the amount claimed was i for general stores and a cart and harness sold to de- fendant. The defendant pleaded not indebted, and stated that the cart and harness had been returned and a large quantity of goods resold to plaintiff, more than covering the amount he claimed. The plaintiffs wife deposed that the cart had not been taken back, but that the plaintiff had sold it for defendant and given him credit for the amount and that the goods were only taken as a security for the amount, to be sold for the benefit of defendant. None of the goods had been sold, being damaged, and were now in plain- ' tiff's store, and would be given up as soon as plaintiff's claim should be bottled. Verdict for plaintiff : damages, £33 7s. 6d. ."""". * TOOHEY V. TUCKKII.-This was a counter action to recover for goods delivered. A verdict for plaintiff ty as agreed to, damages one farthing, each party paying his own costs. FHIHAV, ArniL 1. MINEHAN V. POOLE Counsel for plaintiff, Mr. Wise ; attorney, Mr. Serjeant. For defendant, Messrs. Stephens and Wild ; attorney, Mr. McIntosh. This was an action to recover £20 from the defendant as stakeholder of a bet, made between plaintiff and Mr. R. Kenna, publican, of George-street. There was a dispute as to the terms of the dagger, and the plaintiff contended that the money had been given up illegally. After considerable argument on the part of the learned counsel, his Honor summed up, much in favour of the defendant. The jury retired for about half an hour and returned a verdict for defendant. This closed the civil business. SENTENCE or DEATH During the absence of the jury on the foregoing case, his Honor directed that the convict Martin should be brought up for judgment, having been found guilty of committing a rape um?" most aggravating circumstances. On the prisoner being put into the dock, he was questioned in the usual solemn manner if he had anything to say why sentence of death should not be passed upon him, upon which he vehemently declared his innocence. His Honor addressed the prisoner in the most solemn manner, ; and after having recapitulated ! the evidence, proceeded in the usual awful terms to pass the sentence of death. During the Judge's address he was several times interrupted by the unhappy convict. "'As the prisoner was being removed from the dock, he again reiterated his protestations of ? innocence, calling upon " The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost to witness his assertions. 