THE M 0 N T n. Tnr. great political event of the month has been the meeting of Parliament, after repeated delajt, for the despatch of business on the 1th instant. On this occasion, so important to ihe people, the Governor's Speech orened one general feeling of dissatisfaction, a more .' miserable and meagre document," to uso the wouls of a northern con- temporary, having never emanated ii oin a Min- istry nsMiwiing io possess tho confidence of the country; this document will bo found in another column, and will speak for itself. The Opposi- tion, if they do not muster strong in numbei, baie given signal of a tough contest, and in the debato on tho address evinced iiMinislakeablc dis- approbation of ihe policy pursued by tbo Ministry, espcehlly in disregarding tho résolution oC iho House, Iixing tho ro-assomblingof Parliament at au earlier | eriod. The toesin of war hv« beon sounded ; may tho result he propitious to tho Colony I The neil event in ohronolopical order was a meeting of tho elcotors of the city at the Me- chanics' Institute on tho 20th ni to., to confirm or othoi wise, the opinion of Mr. Miller's Com mítico as to the retention by that gentleman of bia seat in Iho House of Assembly. Tho hall was crowded willi electors whom Mi. Miller ad dicsscd in along and able speech enumerating his principles and pointing out his acts in Par- liament; a resolution waa passed confirming the opinion of the Committee, and requeuing Mr. Miller to retain his seat. One eleoliou for a Member of the House of Assembly has taken place, thal fm Kingborough in the placo of Mr. Nicholas who resigned his scat. 'I hero weie two randidates, namely Messrs. F. Inpscuinbe and .1. Abbott, the former coming forwaid on the ministerial, and ihe latter on the opposition inteiest. Considerable exoil'... mont was caused by tho election which toruiine.ied by Mr. Iilpsrnmbe bealing his. opponent by a majoritv of .12,-the votes, beiug :-Lipsownbe, 131); Abbott, 1)7. A movement lins been mado for tho formation of a Volunteer Rifle Corps by the invitation and under tho auspices of Mr Juslico Horne, who has met the citi/ensat llieShip Inn, and enrolled, about 2B0- volunteers ; their names will be sub . mitted to the Governor, and if their scrvwas. i are accepted tua Corps will bo established. RriCiiABlTisM-Tho officers and brethren of trio Victoria and Hopo Tents (1.0.11.) occupied the platform ou the evening of tho 28 h ult at tho Alliance lîooms. Tho members of tho Juvenilo ordrr were nlso present. The chair wa» taken hy P.C.B. W.D Smith, and addresse» woro given in favor of Bocluibitisni and Total Abstinence, hy mnnhers of the Order. Tho band plnyud several tune-, tv ,1 thoro wag a full attendance at the mcel.ii¿. Latjncf.ston ConronATioN Act.-On Wednesday ovoning the 27th ult, a largo meet- ing nos liol 1 at the Cornwall Assembly Booms " for tho purpose of considering tho propriety of petitioning l'nilianieiit to nmond tho Cor- poration Act, moro especially ns regards plur- ality of votes, and tho division of tho town into words," The Mayor was called on to pro side, and resolutions woro passed, including tho appointment of a Committco to propare a petition, and to cirry out Iho views of tho mooting, On Saturday last Mr. Gregson met hit con stitnents at Richmond for Um purpose of ex. plaining the circumstances which caused his expulsion from the Hotiso of Assembly upon two occasions, and at the same time, as a mark of respect and esteem, ho was invited to a publia luncheon. The meeting took place st the Len- nox Arms, and was attended by between forty and fifty of Iho Kleetors, among whom wera some of tho principal gentlemen of the district. Th« honoinhlo member, who was accompanied by Mr. C. Meredith, M.H.A., delivered along and characteristic speech, in whioli ho reviewed his political conduct for twenty- eight years, and most unmercifully criticized his opponents. The meeting was presided over by Dr. Coverdale, nnd the following resolution proposod by Mr. E. \V. 13. Butcher, and seconded by Mr. Kearney, was passed unanimously :-" That it is tho opinion of this meeting of tho Eleotors of Rich- mond, after the explanation now received from Mr. Gregson, thal ihe virtual disfrsncliisement of the district in the two last sossions of Parlia- ment, in the porson of Mr. Gregson, was illegal and unconstitutional-that he was fully justified in not apologising to Mr. Balfe, nnd that ho will take his seat in tho ensuing Parliament with til» full confidence and support of his constituents." In a commercial nnd social point of view a a great stride km been mado. The Omeo arrived in Ilobson's Bay on tho 31st ult. with the submarine cable to connect this Colony with Victoria and thence eventually with India and Europe,-it uiuy be with America : tho cable ia no» being " payed out," and should n» aerioni ctisuality occur, this important'work will bo shortly completed. Of great importance to Hobart Town, and, by consequence, to the Colony, is the formation of a Quartz-Crushing and Mining Company, the first meeting of which took place at the Bird-in- Hand, on the 15th ult., His Worship the Mayor taking the Chair. The meeting, which was numerously and influentially attended, was ani- mated by one feeling in favor or the project, and as it has been formed with a view to the interests of the middle classes, there can be no doubt but that it will be ultimately and pros- perously successful. The particulars of both these events will be found in another place. Criminal Sittings.-A Session of Oyor, Terminer, and for (Jenernl Gaol Delivery wa* held in the Supreme Court before both tho Judges, commencing on tho 20 th, and ending on the 37th ulta. Tlieie wore only twenty-on» prisoners for trial, comprising eighteen eases, Tho offences wero not of a serious character, forging and uttering being the predominant crimes. Sittings in Banco.-Tho second Term oom. inonc-iil on the 1st instant, and as far as the. proceedings have hitherto advanced nothing or particular importance lins been brought before tho Court. In tho cato ol' Dunn being Jtc, v Nicol and others their Honors gave judgment hy directing an enquiry into the expenditure and appropriation of the monies nbstraotod by Robert Nicol, uno of tho defendants, from tho Commercial Unuk. A rule nki for a now trial has, also, been obtained in the caso of Symons v Gibson on tho ground that tho verdict (tor tho defendant) was contrary lo tho ovidonce. . Execution.-On tho 12th ulto. tho extremo sentence of tho law was carried into effect upon Bernard Donohoe who ploided guilty at the last Criniiunl Sittings but ouo of the Supreme Court to having, at Brown's Uiver, attemptoeV. to kill an l murder James Burton. Tho depo- sitions showed that tho wretched man had cuti and stubbed the prosecutor with murderous in* tent, ami had also so frightfully beaten bim about tho head as to lcavo but slight hopo of his i eeovory for somo time. His Honor said, upon reading the, depositions showing tho. nbovo facts, that a moro dreadful case, short or actual murder, never carno under hi3 cognizance. After sentence was passed it appears that somo' doubts arose as to the prisoner's sanity, but. these linville boen romovod after careful! attention to tho conduct of tho prisoner silica his confinement, Donohoe was executed witliiu tho precinta of tho gaol : ho was attended ia W'j last moments hy the Kov. Dr. Willson, Boi'jgn Catholic Bishop. Death pjiom Destitution.-On Wednesday tho 16th ulto, an inquest was hold at Campbell Town Hospital, before T. Mason, Esq. Thoro wera several of tho principal residents of tho district ' present during the whole of tho proceedings, who scorned to tako a deep iuterest in the innttor. Tho jury woro summoned to enquire into thodfuiMi of a poor man named Thomas Boyle, n^ed 55, who died shortly after being taken from Iho coach on tho previous Sunday, und 'olio evidence disclosed very gross neglect and iii'auuianity on the part of somo persons. It ap. 'poured that tho deceased was brought to tho coach, at Launceston by n lodging-hose keeper and two constables, whose names, singular enough, do not transp're, for transmission to the General! Hospital, iu Hobart Town. The guard of tho coach, William lîobins, grumbled about taking; tho mau in such a state," but ho was taken, and on his arrival at Campbell Town was so ill as to render necessary his conveyance to tho Hospital in thin township, where lie died. "All be had on," noys _ tho Matron of thal Establishment, " was a pair rf thin fustian tron-sers, a very old vest, a blue shiit and handkerchief, anda pair of old slippers ; also, a piece of au old white shirt, tied round him." Tho guard, also, deposed ts¿ tho wrotched stato which the unfortunate num.* was in : " he was spitting blood, moanihgr and groaniug, and very weak; it wa.8 one of tho coldest mornings I have felt since 1 havo-beon ; guard of the Coaoh." The Jury returned the foi. - lowing verdict :-" Died from natural oauses,. with a rider calling the immediate attention of the Government to the necessity of at onco forming Invalid Depots on tho northern sido of the Island, and that the Government should pro . vido proper covering for persons travelling to» ,1,9 Invalid Stations." It is not often that gae|| casos ar-cur in Tasmania, and it is to ba *a0pe6T that this very sad one may be tho last. New Crrmtorr at Oatiands-On the 19th ulto tho foundation «tono of Ch-üra0rs' freo Church of Scotland was laid at O- blands, tho former edifico having been destroyed by thor flood of the previous year. About ono hundred spectators assemble*', to witness the ceremony, including severs', hulics and tho following centleuien :-thr , i{ev# john Downes, tho Rev. W. Nicolson, (1/. Hobart Town} tho' Bev. James Lindsay ..(of Liunccston) the Bo»; Laucblin Campbell, f0f Oatlands) George Wilson, I'pq., Join-. Wilson, Esq., Goorgo Wilson, E^q., juin-.,, Mr. Thomas Littlechild, Jlr. W. Exton, n',ul Mr. Thom». Burbury, . members of tho nctivo building cnminitteo. Tho Bev. !'? Carnpbi;ll opone 1 tho devotional .«orvices, follow, rd hy thu licv. J. Lindsay and the Bev. W. Nicol ton, win also had copies of tho parchment documents which had been placed In tho bottle, with tho coina, and nows- - papers of tho colony to li 1 deposited at tho found.ition. After the reading o'f thoso papors-,. Ueorgo Wilson, Etq., Sour., sr ,id: "liny this Foundation Stone in tho nair 10 0f tho Father,. Son, and Holy Ghost." 'r;|10 rev. moderator . thon addressed the nsseiu' ó\^ wi,0n thoy dis» persed. Messrs. Johnso- a ml(i Scott, both of this district, oro the cor Retors for tho building», Tue New for» UUMiArio»AL Scnoor« ni DiVEY-sTiiEi.T.-A '!"., Meeting iu nid oftho n->w Congregate* "1 Schools in Davey-strce.Yr took placo in til« ue" meeting room, on Thors day ociiing,. ' j,c 28th ult., tho chair- being occupied by LI' cllry Hopkins, Esq. The. number of persons pr e^CM wns SOO, and tea li'iviug been dUposcdoî t n public meeting took place under tho sauif» preside,,,.». The Bov". T. Binney wat ptûf ,cllt mid nddrcBscd ihr, meeting, who' Ilassed a ,Cry ngrccablo ovcuiiiij. Tr(B Mr.i.-iox M»wuuiv Hunt.-Tho Moiton' "Mo «bray Beagles lia>o b'ad some good sport-. during tho prcicnt season.. A*ri-STATt: Aid Mr.EriNO.-A meeting1 eon-1 .veiled by Ihe Anti .State Aid Association at ; Launceston, was ho'.d on friday night the 80th: mit., at the Temporáneo Hall, ihe Mayor in til» 'Chair. Tho meeting was woll nttonded, and ?sevorol gentlemen, laj and clerical, spoke iu fa\or of the Abolition of Slate Aid to religion. No resolutions wero introduced, but Mr. Sherwin intimated to nil who wero favourable to tho measure that thoy would shortly havo an oppor« j tuuity of signing a petition iu that behalf, . » 