THE HOUSELESS POOR. From the Times January 5.1 The Houseless Poor, we (take it, are not to be confounded with common vagrants or, street beggars. Certainly, if a man has no roof over his head, he must 193 very meek, or much under fear of the police, if he does not beg for the price of a night's lodging. Yet the Houseless Poor are assumed to be a distance past, and they may well he mi, 4 man- flew to vary unfortunate, and very desultory, and with a sort of patriarchal or apostle inditVerenee to the possession, or even the occupation, of; foot of ground which even for, a day, The away call his own. Nothing varies so much as the tie of locality, which is strongest sometimes in the most undi captained. characters, are weakest in, those who are capable of the greatest efforts and the noblest sacrifice?, There are desultory readers who skins from book to book, and I hope are imfor timates, not more desire cry in their Ivay, who float like straws 'or thistledown on the stream or the gale ailing for the job or the employer of the hour. Perhaps they have some little speciality, the occasions for which are rare. I' is a complaint of farmers that there are people who can glean, though they can do nothing else. There was a family in Field-lane who had a peculiar addiction to pulling down bills and placards. Li this metropolis there are chiffonniere who rake the dust heaps ; there are mudlark who investigate the banks of the Thames, and other tribes as peculiar in their habits as any bird that flies or fish that swims. It is said that almost everybody can do something better than anybody else. Many of these powers and these habits in the humble class of life must be very incompatible with a fixed abode. Perhaps we English rather exaggerate the merit and social dignity of a settled habitation. Our lowest tolerable franchise is household suffrage. Every Englishman must have his castle. But it was not always so, nor is it everywhere so to this day. The tub of the cynic was a much wider institution than is generally imagined., Round some Eastern cities there are whole suburbs of dwellers in tubs, who always turn the entrance of their kennel away from the wind, and so front sometimes one way, sometimes another. It is evident that many Greek and Roman citizens of high philosophic pretensions and eulogistic powers passed their days in public rooms and walks with the best society, and their nights on the bare ground, under porticoes or in any corner. The home of such men is their country, or wherever two or three are gathered together. Any one whose avocations lead him to traverse this metropolis frequently at all hours of the night is aware that he can hardly walk a mile without coming, upon some poor creature dozing on a step, or under some doorway that receives a few inches more than another from the ever trodden pavement. To the very hour of dawn and later, he is solicited for the price of a night's lodging, and it is ren , sonable to suppose that the petition is not always a pretence. We doubt if it generally is. Such are the London "house- less." Is it strange there should be such persons? Try it. Take a walk into the country; return at three in the morning, covered, with mud, drenched with rain, footsoi-eiai'id haggard, without a latch key in your pocket, and with a conscience against waking up your household at that hour. After trying your luck at half-a-dozen hotels, and ringing with more or less success, and permitting the right porter to take a leisurely view of your physiognomy and condition, you may possibly find you have no alternative but to secure an end- sitting; on one of the benches in St. James's Park till 7 o'clock, when possibly your servants may be about. Remember, then, that it is not every- body in London who has a place in the CovE Guide, or even in a rate-book Nobody knows till he has tried what it is to be separated from his circumstances. A well known dignitary, whose appearance inspired as much reverence and awe as it certainly did warmer feelings in those who knew him, resolved once to escape the extortion that used to be practised more than now on those who travelled in their own carriages. So he left his equipage at a suburban inn, and rang, rather late, at the door of a first-rate hotel. On demand- ing supper and a bed he was roughly asked, " Where do you come from, and how ?" He indignantly answered, From . Bristol Gaol, by the waggon." It was thought probable enough, and he had to seek a night's lodging elsewhere. < Houseless Poor, then, need not be beggars, much less rogues or had people. They may be simply the victims of misfortune, . evicted from some cellar or starved out of a garret. ' They are sometimes more chips and shreds of mortality, left about when disease has mown down the cost of a family, or disaster scattered them to the width. Is it indeed, so Strange that a human being should become homeless ? Let any one think over his family or his acquaintance. I-, there no one among them that would certainly be uUeijy t incapable , of self-made utterance, regular existence, no fixity of any kind, if thrown by fortune into the gutter The Iioor creeper- would lie on the ground, help less and heartbroken; or it would wander, ghost like, it know not which way or whither. Well, for such persons, insults tions, asylums, workhouses, almshouses, and all sorts of legal and chai stable provision are made. But, then, there always will be a large class just houseless-. who have not settled finally into pauperism, or sunk into crime, or risen fairly out of the plough'. So we shall never do without these Rofugosfov the Houseless poor, it is but natural that they who manage these places should, in a manner, protest against them, by labouring to raise the men of hopeful inmates from their desultory tives, and give them homes, occupation-,, habits, and Vfil'g'011- That, however, is a distinct matter. 'There are and must be Refuges. Were it possible to provide elsewhere for every one of those who now frequent-them,'there'would be a new 1 crowd a week hence. The class has its source in human nature, and it is over cherished by ton congenial circumstances. We may ask, why should there be one 1 pauper Why one <\ agrant v AVby one bad man Why one strange, eccentric being, out of place everywhere? Why one'plainly mad? Why one poor, help "less' creature, that lays its head down on the first pillow it finds, and is only disturbed to flit aimless till it sinks into some other brief rest from conscious misery ? In a word, why is the, world as it, is? We _ need not answer. The burden of the * argument is on the side of those who shut Vol.. 5s:, or "Inc.-, rise,. '"ova to, the whole history and present spectacle of the human race. Let them legislate for Lapttta,''or the moon; we are content to accommodate yourselves to thesadiealilies of this actual world. The Circular issued by the Poor Law Commissioners only suggests a fit and Ratura) provision for a great and admitted first. There are and ever will be these, ridges houseless.' creatures, and it would in Sees be a shame if London had no refuge for them. They wander to and fro) like motes in the sunbeam, entering the field of view from we know not' what region, and departing we know not whither. They belong to no parish or union. Their ca admits pt no inquiry or delay. iCiiey Bijiji If taken in, and not dismissed portions sleep thirty food- ' Parochial sys;, (put chilli local Bofi'rds are not for those poor children of space, It is the whole community they appeal to, and that community must hear the appeal, and stand the cost. This is only a matter of arrangement, and half-a-dozen Refuges, fitted top for the purpose, with proper "tgll.Qijr tJi'e'cMsTing'totodels nUndot) to by the Commissioners, will answer' the purpose at least as well as the inadequate accommodation offered by the vagrant warmly of the present workhouses. Who minks, ashe walks from him Bank' to Hyde 'Park corner, what parish or union he chances to be in at any given moment? These outcasts are not often likely to be better informed. But they will know, or at least they may be easily' directed to a j spacious Refuge in some central locality. Whether each should be maintained by the half-dozen surrounding unions and parishes, or whether the whole should be a joint charge on the Metropolitan rates, is a minor question. -The zealous friend of the Houseless Poor, who has attracted so much public sympathy for the class, warmly resents the excessive wisdom and thrift which would grudge them too comfortable a bed, too genial a refreshment, too light a morning's task, or too frequent a repetition of such generous hospitalities. Considering that a person harbored in such a place, is supposed to be turned out in the morning absolutely penniless, half clothed, footsore, without strength, skill, or even the average of sense, we cannot think it a very serious objection to a go 'herons system that the night's lodge. should be, enabled to go forth somewhat stronger and more comfortable than on H most mornings, for that she should be encouraged to return to the door that night or some other. When the Commissioners suggest a system for identifying the applicants, and knowing them again on a second visit, we feel disposed to go not only as far, but much' further and there, indeed, seems the real question now at issue, and waiting for a judicious, yet charitable, solution. Cannot some ray of light some broad electric beam, be thrown on this class ? i Cannot the Refuge. be used for the more searching and more enduring purpose of tracking misery to its haunts, and reclaiming those in whom thcreUs still some lingering instinct of society, duty, and order? Possibly the work may call for volunteers ? But volunteers, no doubt, there will be Hundreds there are wanting a place and vocation in the great battle of good against evil which we are told is ever waging, and the memory of which will never be fully told by mortal chronicler. The complaint is that the best efforts of individuals are lost in the crowd, baffled by its movement, and crushed by the want of concert. The proposed Heftiges suggest the basis' of regular, constant, and united operations, and among the many who have contributed of their abundance, or of their poverty, to the cause we feel sure that some will give the nobler tribute of their personal and. ' ' ' 