CORRESPONDENCE. :???:- .;...'. . — o — ? ? . ? [Wo are not responsible Tor the opinions and statements of our correspondents.] CATHOLIC QUESTIONS. ' No. 1. What is the Function of the Catholic Press of to-day ? Sir — I liave hitherto takenno part — as you will at once feel assured by n glance at tlie card of ad dress I enclose — fn the discussion of tlie important questions affecting tlie highest social find moral interests of Catholics, which have been occupying you, your contributors, and, I should hope, your readers for many months past. I should, perhaps, even now keep out of the controversy did I not note and mark the progress of unmistakable apathy and indifference spreading nmonpst the Catholic body, benumbing their energies and civine confidence to those who, to use the mildest language, have not felt well pleased at the attitude they have lately assumed. The discussion set on foot in the columns of the Freeman should not be allowed to die out. Surely, as rational beings — as honest men who love the truth, and (obviously) have no interest in telling lies — as Cp.tholics who know their duty to God and their neighbours, and who as a general rule practice it — we can calmly and dispassionately consider those matters that affect our interests, that touch on the future well-being of our children, that appertain to those wise means by which the country, with God's blessing and grace, may be converted to the one true Church 1 It is not necrssary, surely, in such a literary enquiry, to steep the pen in other gall than that which is physically present in the ink a writer uses 1 In this spirit, then ; with a fiitt-dctcrmination to labour in this particular good work for some months to come j free in heart and mind from all bitterness and exacerbation, I beg to call you and your readers' attention to a few grave consideranda. Let me premise. Our present Supreme Pontiff, His Holiness Pius IX., with that subtle sagacity of intellect (equal in ils way to his large- heartedness and simplicity of character), has pretty clearly ex pressed his appreciation of the services of the Press, in the cause of pure religion and true morality in pur day. It is a consolation to us to think that the head of the Church, a3 an indi vidual scholar and private doctor, is not behind the .ogc-r-that he follows no old precedents and time honoured but obsolete notions, suitable only to a particular peculiar epoch- — but looks keenly and calmly at every phase of opinion which arises— gauges every suggestion for the world's good that is offered him — and in a spirit of humble reliance on illumination from the Holy Ghost, pro nounces his final opinions. How grandly, yet calmly, in a letter to the American Bishops, dated 9th March, 1851, he announces his opinion — this opinion — to the world — urbi et orbi : — ' Provi dence seems to have given, in our days, a great mission to the Catholic Press. It is for it to pre serve the principles of order and of faith where they . still prevail, and to propagate them where impietv ? and cold indifference have caused them to be for gotten.' This consolatory opinion is admirably and con sistently followed out in an encyclical letter of 185&: — ' We urgently beseech of you to assist with all good will and favour those men who, animated with Catholic spirit, and possessed of sufficient learning, are labouring in writing and publishing books and Journals for the defence and propagation of Catholic doctrine.' And with a further advics to the American Prelates (previ. ously and subsequenly given to the chief pastors jn France, Belgium, and Ireland), in which he writes : — ' Leave nothing untried by which our most holy religion and its salutary teaching may more iucrpase in the United Slates, and unhappy wanderers may return to the safe path.' Now this conviction of the usefulness — or rather this positive definition of the functions — of the Ca tholic Press — is only a legitimate explication of the exioiii in the supreme doctrine of St. Augustine — supreme because it has been received as absolute by the Church : ' In rieceesariis unila's ; in dubiis libertas ; t« omnibus charilas.' This then is the position from the preceding data, which Catholic editors are bound in conscience, to take and defend : ?'-.'. ?'; l.-They n-ust preserve and promote law and order — social, moral, and political law and 'order— as faras in them lfes; * !w fc j 2\. They should defend CathoVc doctriries,''cipjain: and promulgate the same ; , * l-'v'frr ' 3\. They ought c«lmly and -chaiit.ibly givi: their help in rectilj ing abuses, by furnishing humble sug gestion for their rectification, iri'goyeriiinent'aiid dis-s cipline i ?' ' ' ' ' ' ' ?''' ?'','?' ;-:-:'\':-'?- ?? 'r: '.'' 4\. They are bound — if they follow out ii'its ifiill ness the spirit of their vocation— next ??a'ftor:r't.hej- clergy, to lead the viftdclandthe_unfaithftd'%io:the. one safe pcnfold. . ? ?;...'!., j. .-.:;'.'!; ;? No position, it follows/can be clearer than that'of the Catholic journalist. Ilia is the happy duty of; warming the hearts of the JJelievlng Chureli 'with' news of the progress of Christ's holy Gospel; of ren-' dering the Teaching Church — the bishops, doctors, and priests — more zealous, more -tho'Bgtittul' and de voted, by helping them- in their ministry, 'giving them worldly advice in those matters in which their xetiremeut.fr/om secular pursuits 'naturally incapaci tates them to take part — and in winning popular sympathy for their labours. Public confidence is the life-sustaining atmosphere of every gubernato ? rial executive. It is founded on faith in the ability and honesty of the men who govern. Devotedness to truth— the practice of virtue — earnest aspiration of union with God — even a high elevation of tho soul in divine contemplation — do not by their nature fit one for place in the government of a particular Church, but rather, when highly developed, have the contrary eftect. They draw the mind away from mundane thoughts and concerns — purify her affec tions — the ' cunning of the serpent.' is not wanted for such a spiritual estate, the ' simplicity of the dove' alone, like Mary at the knees of Christ, being demanded by the Divine Master. Therefore, purity of life — zeal — holiness — however excellent in them selves, and uniting the sou) they inform and adorn more closely to God — are no characterics of execu tive ability — of the genius to govern. Certainly, the .wisest prelate in the Church, if he lacks the private virtues of his state, will individually be lound unworthy by the Searcher of Hearts. But God — no matter what men are — or how much soever they abuse grace— is always with His Church. The clearest embodiment of the highest Catholic dogma is contained in a Bull nf the most immoral of the few immoral popes. The Cccna Domini of Alexander VI. serves to prove that the supreme governing man is 'as clay in the hands of the potter' when speaking ex cathedra — when acting as the vice gerent of Christ. In such case, never mind about the man— he is under the influence of the Ever present Spirit. From this we conclude, that those who are constituted to govern the Church, to govern it wisely— should make, use of every legi timate and rational assistance in their power. They ' lirebound to challenge the co-operation of the laity iu chinch matters, certainly not as a deliberative body — -certainly not to play at lay canon law — but as a eonsultivo body — to listen to their advice in and on purely temporal matters j to hearken to their wants —offer suggestions-— mildly reas. n with them — in a spirit of love and humility remove doubts, uiiscou ceptions, and misunderstandings. What would be the natural result of such a course of proceeding? Why, this: The people would look upon the churches, chapels, convents, and hospitals as their qtwi— as a legacy they could leave their children, just as they do in Italy arid Catholic Switzerland : they would think (as they do in the aforesaid countries) that those mil kindred institutions are so much wordly capital invested for the love of God; they would look up to and look upon. prelates and priests as persons labouring (conjointly with themselves) in earnest for a dual object— the salvation of their own souls and thoie of their neighbours ; they would in mind see ami say, ' There is a battle we have to fight against sin 'and hell in union with God's anointed: Christ's Cross is raised — the conquering flag is unfurled — it is' the standard under which the Pagan world was conquered and forced to UN-deify.its own passions — there may be a Judas there, an unbelieving Thomas here—but the good work is to be done — let us do it cheerfully, bravely. God is sure to be with us — He being with us, what care we who shall be -against us ? -'???--How, in this warfaro there is no worldly arm Prelacy cai- ute so strong and powerful as the Press. * Nor- is this arm merely of material nerve only. When ' men of sufficient learning' are found willing to co-operate with these sent to teach, to use the idea of Pope Pius IX, and those men shew no unedifying esampleMn their public conduct, in their own lives —they are assisted from Above — God's grace flows upon them— a spirit of humility modifies and colours their zeal— and the wish to do right lumi nously tinges the shadows that rest on all human efforts. I cannot conceive a greater Joss — save that of sufficient priests and schoolmasters — which this Austialian mission suffers — tske it from north to south, from east to west, with its islands and depen dencies — than the want of a great Catholic paper. Disunion prevents the very Freeman for which I write, becoming a missionary blessing lo every Catholic home in this continent. There i« no Mission — I believe the word parish is distasteful— that ought not (because all could) bare a Catholic Library ; and there should be no Catholic Library in Australia — and there ought to be at least one hundred and fifty — receiving less than one dozen copies of The Catholic Pater. News of the manifestation of God's grace amongst the nations — news of the triumphs of God's soldiers in their war fare against the powers of darkness and death, essays, letters, notes on the direct and lateral truths of religion; edifying stories, poetry, amusement; everything that throws a serene, moral brightness round the homely hearth, just as a cheerful winter fire does a material one — should and would all in turn appear in the pages of The Catholic Pater. Will every reader of this letter lay Ms hand on his heart and say, ' Thank God, 1 do not prevent such a blessed accomplishment ?' Lay it on, then I However, my position is explained and defended. The Press has its mission in Catholic affairs. Pope Pius IX., who has defended the French Univers against French Bishops — who has thanked and otherwise honoured the American Brownaon, the Catholic reviewer — who haB said more than one Mass for the repose of the soul of Frederick Lucas — who has pointed out ils special mission amongst English speaking people — is surely a sufficient authority. The mission of the Catholic press is to promulgate the doctrines of the Church — help in the propagation of the truth — make suggestions for improvements, for progress — and decidedly hold to the sheet-anchor principle — In dubiis lidertas. Full of this conviction I will in future papers examine the following questions: 1\. How shall the Sydney University be made i real benefit to the Catholics of Australia 1 2\. How shall we educate the children of the poor 1 3\. How shall we provide good books for all kinds of Catholic People 1 '? ' ' 4\. How shall we most economically promote the meet celebration of the Roman Ritual all over the country 1 ? 5\. How can we best co-operate with our eccle siastic superiors in obtaining the assistance of itine rant Missionaries, &c;, &c; ? TheBe and similar matters have, I take it, been left out of the discussion which has for nearly a year been carried on in the columns of the Freeman's Journal : their analysis and' illustration will, I humbly hope and earnestly pray, be not altogether in vain. — I am, most respectfully, ? ULTAN. 