MISSIONS FOU THE HEATHEN. On Monday evening, a public missionary meeting was held at the Piiie-street Chapel, for the purpose of advocating the claims of the mission to the heathen of the South Sea Islands. The attendance was exceedingly numerous and re spectable. The chaii was taken by G. M. 'Waterhouse, Esq., who stated that he felt great interest in missions, regarding them as the best means of evangelising and christian ising the world. He regarded with interest the efforts of all Missionary Societies, no matter with what denomination they were connected, and where ever missionaries prosecuted their labours with zeal, mosc nearcuy aia ne wisn tuem success. i-ut nc ieit peculiar interest in the Wesleyan Missionary Society, the efforts of which had been attended with singular success ; and he might mention that in 1854 nearly one-third of the amount which had been raised for the purpose of sending the Gospel to the heathen, had been contributed by VTesleyans. Never was there a finer field for missionary labor than at present. The field was not so limited as formerly ; for India and China presented boundless scope for missionary labor; and the success of the efforts which Jaad hitherto been made showed the fallacy of the doctrine which was held when missions were first established, that it was necessary to civilize before christianizing. He concluded by calling upon Christians of all denominations to put forth their best efforts, for the Roman Catholics were alive to the immense field which existed in the east, but the progress that body had made should only stimulate Christians to further exertions. The Rev. J. Hahcourt read the fourth report of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Society for the year ending Jlay, 1859, by which it appeared that the expenditure had been 13,507t. 10s. 4d., aud the receipts 9,933i. 4s. 3d., leaving a balance to be provided for of 3,5MZ. 6s. id. The missionary efforts in the Friendly Islands had been attended with considerable ^success. In Feejee the missionaries had been perplexed by the rapidity with which the people had announced their wish to abandon heathenism and all their former atrocities and to embrace Christianity if they could be supplied with teachers. At the first~Aus tralian Conference there were in this field eight missionaries and two English training masters for the schools. These missionaries had to superintend 2,954 members, and the congregations then numoered about 9,780 souls. Last year in this important field there were only eight missionaries and two training masters ; but these ministers bad pastoral charge ot 8 138 full members of the Church, aud the attendants on public worship numbered 59,4.63 persons, 25,991 of whom are in attendance upon day schools to receive instruction. The king of the Friendly Islands had embraced Christianity and preached the Gospel. Not one convert had been made to the Church of Rome, and there was a general desire throughout the whole of the islands to embrace Christianity. The want of a sufficient number of missionaries and training masters was severely felt. Tea missionaries had been de spatched to Auckland, Wellington, and Jfeur Zealand for the purpose of learning the Maori language, and then preach ing to those parts where there was danger of the people relapsing into their former state of heathen ism. The operations of the mission amongst the .Chinese in Victoria had been attended with considerable success, several children having renounced paganism and been baptised. The total subscriptions towards the missiou in South Australia in 1858, amounted to 793Z. 13s. lid. Three are in connection with the mission 453 chapels, 331 other preaching places, 54 missionaries and assistants, 248 cate chists in the Friendly Islands, 429 Sunday Schools, 1,093 local preachers, 626 class leaders, 17,649 full accredited mem bers, 3, S08 on trial, 6,292 Sabbath Schools, 695 day schools, 36,561 scholars, 85,785 attendants at public worship, two printing establishments. A list of the subscriptions for the present year was read, but the aggregate amount was not. stated. The Rev. John Gardneji moved the first resolution : — ' That the report which has been read be adopted, and that the success vouchsafed to this Society is an evidence of the Divine sanction given to the agency employed, and should call forth gratitude and prayer for enlarged effusion of the Holy Ghost.' The reverend gentleman remarked that he had been engaged all the day on ecclesiastical business of anything but a plea sant character, and scarcely felt in a position to do justice to the resolution, but having read the report from the com mencement to the close, he felt great pleasure in moving its adoption. It was gratifying to compare the present state of the islands specially alluded to in the report with the state which they presented before missionary labor was employed upon them. There could be no doubt that this remarkable Society had been most successful. In most of the Friendly Islands there were missionaries, and in most of those places success had attended tlieir efforts in reclaiming the poor heathen. The joy of the Lord was the strength of those laborers, or they would speedily sink under the heat and burden of the day. Man was the agent ; but man needed in' carrying out that agency, th? blessing of the Lord, and there was abundance of evidence that the Lord was with the missionaries. There were those who looked with coldness, if not with indifference, upon the Society, and to those who on any conceivable ground oojected to the mission, he would say ' Come and see.' The fact that the mission had been successful, indi cated that it had the sanction of God. He aud the Rev. Mr. Butters had recently been rebuked before a public audience for being too sanguine in reference to the triumphs and successes of the Bible Society, and were told there was still much destitution ; but admitting such to be the case, he had yet to learn it should deter them from rendering a tribute of gratitude for what had already been done. Notwithstand ing a thousand such feeble rebukes, he should still rejoice ia triumphs of such a character, whether effected by the agency of the Bi'ole Society, or (he Society in reference to which they were tliat nisht assembled. He admired the report for its candour, as it spoke not only of triumphs, but in some instances of going back, and he did not believe there was the slightest exaggeration in it. It was admitted that the success was attributable to an effu sion of the Holy Spirit, and let them ask for a still further effusion, in order that their success might be increased, and thousands gathered to the Lord from the Islands specially alluded to in the report. Contributions were nothing unless accompanied by earnest prayer. What would cheer on tlie missionaries more than contributions would be the assu rance that the prayers of the people of God were offered ud constantly for their success. Tbe Rev. Mr. Wilsox seconded the resolution, remirking that though missionaries had only labored, in the Friendly Islands for 30 years, there was now not a single heathen temple standing— not a god left, and not a priest ia the islands. He related an interesting anecdote of the king of the Friendly Islands, who, after being converted to Chris tianity, insisted upon occupying a pulpit higher than that occupied by the missionary at the place of worship which he attended, till, imbued with a proper spirit, he threw away Ids pride, occupied a seat beneath that of the missionary, an 1 became a powerful and useful local preacher. Many noble efforts on the part of the king in the cause of Chris tianity were also alluded to by tbe speaker, who had had con siderable experience as a missionary in the Friendly Islauds, and gave an interestingaceount of the customs of the people of the Islands, whose contributions to the mission are prin cipally in cocoanut oil ; children of two years of age bein' t.tu&ht; to brin? small shells full, the contents being poured into barrels provided for the occasion, aud the aggregate contributions, as stated iu the report, amounting 10 many tons. The Chairman', iu reference to the allusions made byjtiie previous speaker to contributions by the residents of the Friendly Islands, said there was one passage of the report which lie was sure the meeting would be glad to hear. It was as follows:— 'In addition to the l,5S4/. 13s. Sd., contri buted to the general fund in oil, the support of native teachers, the erection of chapels, the purchase of two small schooners for the use of the missionaries in Feejee have been defrayed by native contributions.' The Rev. Mr. Evan, in supporting the resolntion, alluded to a statement which he had read, but which he truste.i was not true, to the effect that Christians were not now more numerous in proportion to the population than they were at the close of the first century of the Christian em. He feared however it was true that two-thirds of the population of t'12 orld were in pagan darkness. This should stimulate chiis tans to greater efforts than they had hitherto made. The lesoJution was carried unanimously. The Rev. Mi. Williams moved the next resolution— ' That this meeting recognising the urgent and increasing demand for laborers in tlie various parts of the field occupied by this Society, especially in Figi, wl.ere thousands have recently renounced heathenism, and ask for religious teachers, rejoices that the general Committee has sent forth ten additional missionaries tiiis year, fjnr to Xew Zealand, two to the Friendly Islands, and four to Figi, and has deter mined to commence missions to the Chinese iu New South Wales and Victoria, and commend the increased claims of the Society to the liberality of the Christian public. -The rev. gentleman in the course of his address expressed his willingness to proceed as a missionary to China, where such an enormous field for missionary labor presented itself, that if 150 were converted daily, it would be 6,000 years before the whole population were subdued to^the sceptre of Jesus Christ .' The Rev. J. B. Waterhodse eloquently seconded the resolution, which was supported by the Rev. Mr. Dr.vNE, and carried unanimously. The Rev Mr. Floceaet mored the next resolution — .??That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the lady ??.uHeetqrs, and to the Committee and officers of the Society, for their valuable services during the past year, and that the following; gentlemen compose the Committee for the coming year— Messrs. Colton, Johns, Robin, Roach, Thomas, R 'S Mitt, W. Scott, Jolly, Codd, Gault, Longbottom, Padman, C'orbett, and Gilbert ; Treasurer, Mr. Faulding ; Secretaries, Kev. J. Harcourt, and R. E. Tapley.' The Rev. Mr. Brown seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. A collection was made, the amount realised being 11/. Is. 7d,. making the total receipts iu Adelaide for the preseut year, 137/. OS. 3Jd. I Ft was announced by the Rev. 3Ir. Butters that ou the following evening a Chapel Anniversary would be held at Salisbury, a special train having been engaged to leave town at 4 o'clock. It was also stated that on the following Wednesday there would be a missionary ineeetiug at Dnley, and on the follow ing Thursday a missionary meeting in Archer-street, in North Adelaide. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by the Rev. Mr. Butters, seconded by Mr. S. Bakewell, aud car ried unanimously. The United Peesbyteriax Chuech, Gougee-STREET. — A tea-meeting was held by the members and congregation of this Chapel and their friends, on Monday last, October 17. The tea meeting: was a full one, and after it was over a public meeting was held in the Chapel, at w'aich the Rev. Mr. Lyall took the chair, who opened the proeeeiin^s by prayer, after which a hyinu was sung. The Chairman thsn entered into a statement of the position of the congrega tion, which he said was satisfactory ; and with regard to tlie Church ia general, announced that six ministers had been removed 16 Melbourne, two had left the colony for England, and that two more were shortly expected to le we for Scotland ; but that intelligence had arrived that tiie Eev. W. Davidson had been ord;ii!ied for this mission, who would probably arrive ia January next. Mr. Lyall anticipated tliat the Church would be much strengthened by the assistance of a man of Mr. Davidson's talents and piety. Mr. Lyall pissed a e'llogiuni upon Mr. Drumrnond for his efforts in be h-ilf of the Church. He also detailed what had been done for the mission in the South Sea Islands, in send ing books and supplies. The main topic to which the speakers addressed themselves during the evening was the subject of revivals. Tbe Rev. Mr. Cox spoke at length upon it. Ke sail he did not know what tho ideas of those north of the Tnreed were upon the sub ject, and could only speak from his English experience. He knew many there thought that it consisted in having a loud and powerful voice, being able to speak any number of hours without stopping, and meeting- three or four times a week, and to study a method to raise an excitement in the congregation, but which did nothing but disturb the audience. That was not his idea, aud he thought that the results seldom justified the ex panse. He then traced a portion of the history of England, and nointc.l out that most of the significant epochs were marked by some great revival of roli^iou3 truth and suirit, and iu illustration mentioned the periods of Wickliffe, the Puritan revival. Black Bartho lomew, and the driving out of the Noncomformists, aud then Wesley aud Whitfisld. From those ficts ho traced the power and influence of tho modern dissenters, and said that at the present time the revivals which ha I sprung- up were appointed to influence the nation ia the cause of truth and religion, in- the same matner as those great revivals did. The characteristics of a continuous revival, he said, would not be a forced thing, kept up by what might be called the mechanism of religious service, nor 03' taking crotchety views of doctrine, and taking out the particular distinctions of our deno minational views ; but on the contrary to remove all the little differences that existed amongst Christians; and he thought if things were looked into, there were at present signs of such a movement. The reverend gen tleman fervently urged his hearers to carry out their personal duty as the only way to shew that this spirit wis in their midst. The Rev. Mr. Wilson addressed the meeting on recent revivals, their characteristics, and the lessons to be derived- from them. He said that although there were certain characteristics disciruruishing the revivals in America, in England, in Ireland, and in Scotland, yet there was one characteristic common to them all; God had, as it were, ploughed deep into the soil, and so prepared - the people to receive the Spirit. The people of America and Britain had gone through a period of affliction by com mercial disaster, which had deprived tb.3 people of the means of getting money to buy foo^ ; and the famine in Ireland had hf:d the s'ame effect ic the hearts of the people. They had seen the judgments of God, and were profitting by t-iem. The rev. gentleman then g:ave illustrations from the published accounts from Ireland and America, of the rapid and general spread of the new revival in those countries. With regard to the physical effects produced by the revival, said he, it had 'ieen said people were struck down under its influence, and some people looked upon that with fear ; but he did .iot think we ought to be frightened by hearing it, because we all knew wha~ power mind had over matter. But it was a remarkable fact, and all the accounts con curred in it, that the nio:rt depraved suffered the most. He finished by telling his: hearers that the present revival ought to encourage then to increased exertions. The Rev. Mr. Drummond addressed the meeting upon tha subject of the circulation of the Bible, and spoke eloquently upon the advantages enjoyed by the people of Britain in the possession of the Bible, and said that the ' glory of England in her army and navy could not be compared to her glory in being the land of Bibles. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe ne:ct addressed the meeting. He said he had not been more than 10 months in the colony, but had noticed that the people were too anxious to separate into little communities and establish their owu particular 'ism,' and the consequence was a multitudeof little places of worship ware scattered over country, which were all in a dying state. He also thought that commer cial activity was so great that it seemed to invade the temple of worship on the Sabbath day. The punt of scepticism he also said he had noticed and grievously de plored. The meeting- -iras afterwards addressed by the Itev. Mr. Itowe, and Mr. Monk, Acting-Secretary to the Aborigines Protection Society. Mr. Harvey moved a vote of thanks to the speakers, and ladies who had sup plied the tea, and announced that the receipts that even ing had been satisfactory. A vote of thanks to the Chair man closed the meeting. Sunday School, Poet Adelaide. — On Sun day last some of the children belonging to St. Paul's Church Sunday School, were awarded prizes of books from their minister, the Rev. C. Marryatt. The rev. gentleman,in delivering the rewards to such of the pupils as were adjudged to have made the greatest process in their learning, said he trusted that the re warda° would stimulate them to increased exertion ; it gave him satis factiontowitness their progress, and it was to him a great pleasure to be amongst them. He hoped that those who had not received rewards on this occasion would be entitled to theji on the next. The number of scholars attending was about 12fl ; all retired apparently iu high spirits. - Stpet Institute. — Ou Friday, October 14th, Mr. N. Hailes, pursuaat to advertisement, delivered u. lecture on '-'The Adaptive Powers of Nature,' to the members of the Institute and residents near the Sturt. There was a very good attendance, including Mr. Trimmer, J.P. (wlio was called to the chair), J. D. Wiltshire, Revs. A, Cooper and Kelsey, and Mr. Wilson. The lecture was listened to with much interest, and, at the close, Mr. Wiltshire proposed a vote of tianks to Mr. Hailes, which motion was cordially approved. Mr. Wilson moved a similar tribute to the Chairman, which was equally well received, after which the audience sepa rated, having experienced much gratification from tha way in which the evening had been spent. The Poet Adelaide Rifles. — On Satur day, the 14th instant, this Company attended on the practice ground fir the purpose of receiving a lesson in the art of rifle shooting. The firing on the whole was excellent, and commenced b., je 5th section firing at short range, 150 and 203 yards. This section cons'sted of those volunteers whose 'duties having prevented them attending the series of lessons at position drill, under tho instructor of musketry and rfergea:it By water, had been rl^lflVfirl frrtm firint -irpvirmclv* t»rn\ *Viio mnovinAnfl. was their first appearance before the target. Their firing was good, several making 11 and 12 points. The 4th section (3rd class) at 250 and 3jO yards; the highest score was 8 points. The 3rd section (2nd cliss) it 400 and 500 yards, stewed a result of 10 points, bsing the highest score, and although several balls fell short, the firing was good al; this range. The 2nd section (?2ud class) at 550 and 600 yards, delivered their fire with very eqjial accuracy, many getting 6 and others 8 points. The 1st section (1st class) tired last, and jreat interest prevailed as to the result. On the 700 yards range being marked, they commenced and each had fired live rounds, resulting in only two points being made. They were then marched to the 750-yard range and had each tred three rounds more, but no points were made. This apparent bad firing from a section known to be first-class shote produced enquire, and it was suggested thit they had reduced the elevation of their rifle sights from. 750 to 700 yards ; and although the actual distance fired was 750 yards, strange to say each remaining round ot ammunition gained a point or centre, the highest oeitg three points out of two car tridges. This singular circumstance is well worthy of notice by all those interested in rifle practice. The wind was strong from the sou:h, and doubtless aided the ball in its flight and elevation, which was reported by the marker in the butt, as tie whole of the eight rounds had gone above the target. Accident in Heudley-stbeet. — On Sunday evening-, at about a quarter to 8 o'clock, a horsa and dogcart belonging to Mr. Prince of Mitcham. had be9n standing in a right of wiy adjoining the store of Messrs. Heath aud Counsel! in Hindjey-street. From soma cause or other the horse took fright and set off at a rapid pace across the main street, making straight for tha siiop of Mr. Bickford, chemist, where, but for the tinwh mtervention of a post he would have made havoc wicii tlie physic bottles, but :'or this interruption. The colli sion resulted only in th€: demolition of the post, an unim portant injury to the veliiole, and left the horse unharmed. Fortunately there wens ne passengers in at the ti:ne, but the suddenness of the ocoarrenee, and t le noise of the crash caused a considerable crowd to assemble. Naeeow Escape. — We are informed by a passenger in the Wave omnibus, that on Saturday after noon, October 15, that conveyance narrowly escaped a capsize on its way down to Glenelg. It appears that oae of the horses being restive, the *t)us ran into a ditch, nnd would inevitably have been turned over had it not been saved by a bank on the other side. The only injury caused was confined to one of the lad v passen gers, who had her ear cut by the glass as the vehiela canted into the ditch. ANTIQUITY OF THE CaMBEIAX E.ACE. — Suffice to say that they (the Welsh) are the oldest nation alive ; that their language was that of Paradise, and that ajl Jones ap Evans ap Rob arts swam to Noah, in the Ark, and on the patriarch shaking his head to imply that he could not take him aboard, ap Jones ap Evans ap Roberts held up a parchment scroll, and prayed 5f oab. that he would at least take in and preserve his pedigree. — Warringtov. Guardian. Meeting of MIabteb-Deapees. — A meeting of master-drapers was Leld on Monday morning, October 17\. at Mr. Cumming's stores, Hindley-etreet, to receivo a deputation of their assistants respecting granting to them the usual holidays observed in the Government offices and some other establishments in town. The deputation presented a written assent signed by all the hoads of houses in the trade, and a resolution was passed by till the masters present not to open then- shops foi Imsiaess on the days as asked for by the deputation, in addition to Christmas Day and Good Friday. Kifle Company's Shooting Match. — It has been hinteil by several of the members of the Port Ade laide division, that it would be desirable to have a series of shooting matches set. apart during eachseason for th.n recreation. Several gentlemen of the Port Rifles have , displayed the boldness to talk of challenging: tbe unat tached company of Adelaide, hut it is generally expected that the Adelaide City Rifles will be tbe first to throw own tlie gauntlet, and no doubt our advertising olumns will, at the termination of the scries of d- ills' ennounce a grand ni'.teh to take place on the Park aands. Caution to District Council Clerks. — Bv reference to the C3SH of Clark v. Giles, reported m another column under the head Local Court, district clerks will see the necessity of exercising extreme caro in making- up and keeping their assessment-books, cspeci illy that the provisions of the Act under which assessments are made are closely complied with. Iu the case alluded to. the (Vjurt expressed it as its duty to see that every formality required should be stringently usisted on. The Victoria Thea.tue. — There was a crowded house on Sa.turd.iy, and thp audience were apparently highly delighted with the entertainmaut afforded them, which was a very excellent one. The psrfornianees commeceed with ' Charles the Second.' Mr. Creswick made an excellent Merry Monarch ; and Mr. Sefton was a very good Rochester ; a prettisr Pago than Mrs. Dale it would be difficult to conceive ; Mrs. Harry Jackson well sustained the character of Lady Clara ; Miss Marie Nelson looked and played the pretty Mary to perfection ; and Mr. Musgrave made a capital Captain Ooj^p. The piece, which was enlivened by twu very pretty songs from Miss Marie Nelson aid '.Mrs. Dale, went off remarkably well, and at the fall of tlw curtain there was a general call for Mr. Creswick. The performances concluded with the fairy estrava^anzi of '?'Conrad the Corsair,' in which rather a conspicuous part was allotted in the opening scene to Miss Julia Sheppird, who acquitted herself astonishingly well for a girl of her tender years, and fuliy confirmed the favor able impressions which we previously expressed regard ing her. Miss Marie Nelson took the hou^e by storm at Conrad the Corsair, and favored them with a hornpipe iato the bargain, which was relished amazingly. The piece deserves to have a good run, but requires a littla more rehearsal to rendsr it as effective as it might be. The Victoria .Theatre. — The performances on Wednesday evening were for the benefit of Mrs. Han y Jackson, and we were pleased to see a well-merited, tribute paid to that exceedingly talented and improving young actress, the house being crowded, and manv of the most distinguished families in the colony gracing the dress circle. The popular dramaL ' Grace Huntlev,'*' was selected for the occasion, Mrs. Jackson admirably sustaining the character of Giace, and Mr. Creswick being very successful as Joseph. Mrs. Jackson deser vedly received a shower of bouquets, and '? a call ' at the fall of the curtain. Mrs. Dale made the most of the part allotted to her, and introduced a ballad, w'aich was encored. AW the characters were well sustained, the least by little Miss Sheppard not being the leas- worthy of favorable mention. Harry Jackson was, as usual, inimitably droll, his appearance being the signal for a general roar. Mr. Squires was very good as the nigger footman. The sscond piece, 'G-riat to the Mill,' in troduced that very accomplished actress, Miss Herbert, who has for some time been suffering from severe indis position, and who mat with a very flattering reception as Francine, a character in which, if possible, she ex celled her previous impersonations. 'The Kough. Diamond' terminE.ted the evening's entertainment, Miss Marie Nelson playing the rustic beauty to perfec' tioa ; and Harry Jackson, as the country cousin Joe, sending the audience home witli aching sides. Mr! Jackson is certainly the best comedUn who has ap peared upon the local boards, and, ..unlike many of his professional brethren, there is an absence of sameness in. I bit acting. 