TB«rf5HDáT tba'.'foandatlon 'stone of St. Luke's Episi } ^lién 'Cúuróh'was leld'all Burwood,' by tue Right R .Dr. B irker,, Biabop of Sydney, assisted by.the Dean 'Sydney,' the Kev. Mr, Wilkinson, of Ashfield, and 1 Be». Mr.. Meare», Inoambent of Barwood. There v « very respectable. atiéndanos of people, mosjt of win . -were . ladies, ' and ; . the weather was beac folly fine, i .Had tba event been advertised moro exit sively, thors would have beea & much larger attcndan and tho oolleotion wbio^t was. marie at tho ol osa of 1 ,. ceremony would h ve bern proportionately greater. Tho-Rev. Mr. MEATIKS, after oondtictieg tue de' tiona! part of the oeromony, presented the trowel a -mallet to-tlie'Bishop, and Btatedtbut when he first c tared, on,his'pastoral duties in that partan; it wat ^question "with him whether he should or should r commence an'- undertaking lika the prese .After careful oonsidera i'm, - be thought _ it be. hiB... duly ' to . postpone . ony action . the mattrr until he rind mule himself aaqnaiméd w; the requirements of tho district, and tbe capabilities the people to carry ont a design like the one which tb had tbut doy assembled to inaugurate. Subsequent^ .meeting was'calle I,' before which a proposal to built : ' uaw ohuroh' wns laid, and then subscriptions flowed '.". 'sb frobly, os" tr* >>xo¡:bd the most sangnine autioipatic ?''? «f the friends br' the ohuroli. < The Tosn't WAS that tl ?were that day assembled 'tb ' lay the foundation stone ! the Ctiurcb of SC L ike. Ho hopod that whoever mi| . he permitted td minister in holy things there wnuli, ?onjunction with the people, endeavour to build ui . temple oh > whioh should be insoribed Holiness to i lord. - - U' ? The stone was then lowered into its plaoa by the . ? tendant workmen, and the Bishop, ' after touching il . i few times'with the mallet, said, " I lay: this, the foun tion stone of tbe Oburoh of St. Luke, to ba set apart "the "preaching of tho word of God, and the admin'strat of the S loramenta, according to the order of the Ohm of,; Ibo United Kingdom of England and Ireland, in t name' bf the Father, and of the Son, and of the Hi Ghost." ' .' The'BISHOP then stated that it was his pleasural .' doty to address a few words to them: on an occasion no eommon obaraoter. The ceremony whiob : they h that day assembled to witness and take port in, was o : of great importance to "any. community. They h assembled, not merely to raise a building', but to pi ; mote a design wbioh bad a deep moral signification, ai which was related to man's moral ant. spiritual wal fa i \- The laying of tho fonndation stone of the Cuuroh of j Xuke was emblematic of laying the founda ion of zei : sobriety, and goodness, and consequently of true grec . ness. They were that day endeavouring, he hoped, lay the foundation of trna religion, whence sti earns piety and goodness should flow. When tbe parri should hereafter dedicate her son to God in that churo there would be tbe good hope that the obild would gro ip u . tbs .prop of ber deolining years, ar transmit ber bon r/d name to ' futiré generation The remarks whiob he had thus applied to the case ooo child, might very appropriately be appli« to the entire, youth of the distriot. Ho wi . desirous of mentioning the honours name of Sir William Burton, to whose praiseworthy ar ^benevolent exertions theadjaoent sohool.bouse now use as a temporary placa of worship principally owed its or .gin. He strongly oomraended the prudence t.f the Rev M If earea in not attempting to begin a work like the preset vintil satisfied, that means of completing it were attaii .ble, and he also commanded him for his seal in bavin commenced tbe work as soon ss he saw bis way olear t m successful issue, .The Oburoh Wiuld be dedicated I St. I.nko, »nd he trusted that it would never wai .pastors filled with.wisdom,nor worshippers filled wit the spirit of devotion, tru h, and goodness. He oort mended the design to their oare, and hoped they woul ?ll assist by their subscriptions in carrying on the wort The Bishop then closed the ceremony witb the benodit tioo. : . , The ? Ber Mr. Mxunss thought as the cert snony : WSB .. over, : he . might , be permitte to make some allusion . to Slr Williai Burton, of whom the Bishop bad made snob honoiirabl mention. A portrait of thal worthy and excellent Caril xian mau had , berm hung . in the school roora at a former period and was found tber «hen . he (Ur. Mearas) . came into the distrioi It remained in ' the. school-room until som repairs, wero about to be exeouted, and then it was takei ^own and removed. He himself had strong doubts as ti tho propriety of leaving the portrait of. any person in i p'aoç of worship, on the ground that doing so migh offend tho weak. Ho had received a very courteous noti .from Mr. Cohen, inquiring why tho p rtrait had beer , removed, which note be had answered in terms unneoes sarily curt, and consequently seemingly discourteous : He regretted muo'i that his reply bad been couched ii terms whiob might possibly give offence, especially as ni ?offenoe had been inten ed, either to Sir William Burton . or to Mr. Cohen. The collection, inoluding a donation of £5 from th« Bishop, amounted to £14 12s. 8d. The bottle deposited beneath tbs stone eontalnet soeoimens of all silver coins of the realm, oopies of thc \- .Empire and Herald of the 21st instant, and the followini inscription on parohment: Thia «tone,th» foundation stone of a oh uro h to ba oallod tbi ¡ Church of St.: r.nke, wis laid oa the 34th day ofOotober, ia tho wear of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and flfty-nlno, by tbe right Reverend Fredarlok Barker, D.D., by divino permlaaloi lord Uiihop of Sydney and Matropolltaa, tbs fifth year of ht«, «onisoratlon during tho Oovurnment of Sir William T. Donison Thomas Bray, Gnnrgo Uhr, Enquires, and Mathew Davooish 3fsiros, M.A. of Trinity Oollogo, Dublin, the incumbent boin« tho traatoes, aocordinK toa plan nod spoollloatlon by Edmund T. Dlaokat, E»q., Arobltnct, and undor tbo g-rataltous super vision of William Coles, Eaq., II. E.Dopartmant. St. Luke's Churob, Burwood, was designed by E. T, Blackett, Esq, It will be a neat building, in the early English stylo of Gnthio architecture, tho nave being 55 feet long by 53.wido; the oh a noel 14 feet deep by IC wido. The entrañes will bo by a neat poroh on the south side. .Tbe west end will bo provided with an orna- mental belt turret 47 feet iu height. The oburoh will be lit by a Boric» of lancet windows in the nave, and a com- bination of three similar windows in the cbanool. The roof, whioh is,to be an open frame roof of ohaste design, will add materially to tho lightness and general . effect of the Interior. The ohuroh is calculated to seat ?boot 280 pomona, and will supply a want of ohuroh ac- commodation in tbiB pariah now most severely felt. The cost of the building is estimated at about £1400, out of -whioh amount tho sum of £760 has already boen sub- scribed. The oontr-ot for the masons' and bricklayers' work bas been taken by Mr. Godbolt. 