J. GEIÇERAÎ;.SYNOD OF THE ÖHÜBfeH; OF- ENGLAND IN NEW 'of"', ISLAND. (Continued from the Couriers April 21). His Lordship continued 2- 2 It may at once be assumed that frequent meeting of the General Synod ought not to be necessary; and with this view ample powers of delegation have been reserved to it by the Deed of Constitution. These powers will have to be used to bring into operation two classes of Trusts ; the "one representing the General Sv and itself, and competent to discharge certain of its functions the other invested with powers of local administration under the authority of the General Synod I. First class of Standing Trusts represent- ing the General Synod. 1\. The first of these will be a Board for the determination of questions of Reference brought up by appeal from any Diocesan Synod or other subordinate administration. 2\. The second will be a Board of Appoint- ment, to exercise the powers of the General Synod, in appointing new Trustees, and in confirming all election? to "spiritual offices. II. The Second Class of Trusts invested with powers of local administration under the authority of the General Synod. r I. The First andi most important of this class of this will be the x Diocesan Synods, the Constitution of which will require careful consideration, ( ' 2 The Second will be the Archdeaconry or Rural Deanery Boards, which, though now rendered of less importance by the subdivision of the country into several Dioceses, may still be found of use. 3\. The Third, the Parochial Trusts, including Church Wardens, 3 Parochial Committees, &c.; ' ' 4\. The fourth, nil special Trusts, such as those now in operation for the support of Col leges, Native Schools, and for the management of Property held in Trust for special purposes. In constituting these various Trusts, it will be necessary that you should select the Trust tees and issue instructions from their guidance. In the selection of justices of the second class, you will, I have no doubt, accept, in most cases, the recommendation of the local representatives. The right principle for our guidance seems to be contained in the words of the Twelve in Acts 6-3, Brethren, look ye out among you, men of honest report whom we may appoint over this business.' The General Synod will act wisely in appointing men who possess the confidence of their own neighbours. t The same principle will apply to all spiritual offices. The Board of Appointment must not interfere needlessly with the Bishop and his eyes. But there are cases in which its powers will be brought into operation : as, for example, when the Diocesan Synod cannot agree with any congregation on the selection of a minister, in which a reference ought to be made to the Board representing the General Synod, wliobe'appointmcnt should be final. But the highest duty of the Board of Appointment will be to take effectual care that no ammoniacal contracts, or corrupt practices, be allowed to interfere with the simple rule of putting the light man in the right place. Their offices, will like that of the prophets and teachers, at Antioch, to separate the Ministers of Christ for the work to which they believe the Holy Ghost has called them It' cannot be consistent with the right discharge of this plain duty that money, upon any pretext or in any member, should have any weight or influence in the Appointment to a spiritual office, i i I think that we shall all agree in leaving the Diocesan Synods asmuch freedom of action as possible, subject, however, to a few general rules to secure uniformity of action among the various Dioceses in matters of primary importance. The first of these is in the appointment of Clergymen. This power might, I think, be well vested in a Diocesan Board, composed of the Bishop, as Chairman, ex officer and two Clergymen and two Laymen elected by the Diocesan Synods It might be a standing instruction to the Board, upon the vacancy of any cure to call for a deputation to the Parishioners, and to concur with them in making a new appointment, or, if the two parties should be unable to agree, then to refer the question to the Board of Appointment acting in behalf of the General Synod. If the new appointment should involve the removal of a clergyman from a Parish to which he is already engaged, 'then a deputation also from that Pat i4i should be invited to attend. It ought, 'I-think, to be a valid ground of objection on the part of any Parish to the removal of their Clergyman, that he is maintained by them at the full scale of income to which he is entitled. Parishes ought not to be allowed to compete with one another for popular Clergymen by holding out inducements of greater emolument. All such practices are contrary to the nature of a spiritual office, and degrading to the clerical character, The second duty of the Diocesan Synod, which I will mention, is to provide for the maintenance of the Clergy, and, on this point, a general uniformity of system is also desirable. A few fundamental principles have always been kept in a view in the Diocese of New Zealand, and I would recommend them to your consideration, as already tested by many years' experience : 1. That the maintenance of the Clergy should be supplied partly from endowment "Found, and partly from voluntary contributions. 2, That the incomes of the clergy should be regulated by an equitable, scale. 3\. That' a Clergyman maintained at the full scale of income he expected to give his undivided services to the work to which he is appointed, is a ,- j " '« 4\. That no clergyman be considered as jprraime^vUor^dMn any Parish, -in, which the Çarjsb/ionera.do 19s supply that portion of his income which depends upon voluntary t30^tßbtjtj©l,*V' by) a v y j s I j I believe that I may I appeal to several of my brethren here present to confirm my statement,. that this system after many difficulties, is now being carried out in every Parishes with ( great JregulaKty. [ , , "" 1 J 1 ' - ! The third days of írS^SwSi^ynod will be to establish tribunal for the trial of all charges against Clergymen or other office-bearers of the Church, In the case of a Clergyman I would recommend that "the Tribunal be composed of the Bishop, 3 Clergymen, and one Lay Assessor. ' In the case of a Lay Office Bearer the number of Clergy and Laity might be reversed. r The forms of procedure, equal such Diocesan Tribunals ought I think to be prescribed by the General Synod The appeal from the Diocesan Tribunal to the Board representing the General Synod has already been spoken of. ~"* ~" ~ ~~-~ The Fourth duty, of the Diocesan Synod will be to define parishes'. ' But the General Synod ought to lay down the,principle.upon which parishes are to be first defined, and afterwards, if necessary, divided from time to time. The parish should resemble the sheepFold, in having boundaries' well marked and known for the time being, but easy to be removed. , A We must strictly guard against the introduction of a system in which, from a jealous respect for the rights of property, fifty or even a hundred thousand souls have been left under the nominal charge of one clergyman. It will be easy . now for the General Synod to lay down a rule, that whenever the members of the Church in any parish shall be found to exceed a certain number,' it shall be the duty of the Diocesan, Synod to alter the boundaries; and to divide the endowment fund, of the old parish in due proportions between two or more parishes' which shall be formed out of it. This sub-division of parishes in the Archdeaconry of, Waitemata has been so for carried out, that no clergyman has more than one thousand members, the Church under his charge. Many of these parishes have endow- ment funds, all administered by a-common trust, in which every parish has its own representative trustee, and therefore readily admitting of a' new appointment, if any parish should require to be divided. ' ' y\ (To be continued.] 