ENCLISH SPORTING NEWS. THE DEEBY AND OAKS. EPSOM nACES. Although F.psom, like Newmarket, is afiecLcd by the (l moveable feast" of Easter, the late occurrence of which this year drove Ihe great Surrey festival a week later than usual, its prestige was in no way interfered with y and if held even i» the " dog days," or at chat period of the year when London is supposed to he " out of town," wc should have no fears whatever for the success of those two great natior.al holidays, the Derby and Oaks days. Ere these pages are made public, the eightieth anniversary of the struggle for the great event, which the present Chancellor of the Exchequer so appropriately denominated the '< blue riband of the Turf," and the eighty-first of its sister race, which occupies so important a position amongstuur " Isthmian games," will have been decided, and the names of their heroes become familiar as household words" throughout nearly the length and breadth of the laud. It would, therefore, be a ta?k equnlly wearisome to our readers and ourselves to introduce what necessarily become a lengthy report of this great meeting with anything like a dissertation upon ihr pastime itself, or an analysis of .the many movements which have occurred in the Turf market during the preceding twelve months. The Subscription Room at Taticrsai/'s was very thinly aUcoded on Saturday afternoon, and there was (less belting than we ever recollect on the Saturday beiore the Derby. The three favorites were very fiiral especially Musjid and Trumpeter, the latter of whom was backed for more money thaa anything else, the outlay at 1J to 2 and 5 to 1 being close upon a thousand ponnds. Game- Kter was supported in pood quarters at 22 mid 20 to 1. aud 1000 to 45 was the highest price obtaioabJe about Glenbuck. Balnamoon advanced to 25 to 1( and after 5000 to 75 had been laid against Newcastle and Gracchus (coupled), 1000 to 25 was taken about the former singly. Marionette (beaten in his trial that morning with the same tackle th;u Promised Land was tried witli before die Two Thousand,) fluctuate j between 30 and 50 to I, the last transaction being COO to 15 ; 40 to 1 was offered agelnst Defender, about whom fifteen points Jess were taken the night before, 1000 to 10 against Volcano, and various odds from 1000 to 10 to 1000 to 2 dewnwards against Cavendish, who was reported " hors de combat by an accident—a curious coincidence that the three horses, Merry man, Cavendish, and Rainbow, who have been looked upon as one and the same autmal—"tria juncta in uno"—should be so affected. Cavendish, we are assuied by his owner, was as well a& possible on the same morning when he went out to exercise on Ilamblccion Moor, and met with an accident whilst in the act of being pulled up after cantering, through his off fore shoe with one of his hind feet, whereby he was thrown on his head. The feiluck joint swelled to double its size, and rhe horse became so very Utne upon it that he was wuh difficulty got to his stable. 700 to 4-Oft was laid twice'on the three favorites, and 6 to 5 would have been taken that the field beats two. Closing prices Derby. 9 to 4 agst Promised Land (off) 7 to 2 — Musjid (tk and ofi) 5 to 1 . — Trumpeter (tk) 20 to I — Gamester (tk) to I — Glenbuck (tk) 25 to 1 — Balnamoon - 40 to 1 — Newcastle (tk) 40 to 1 — Marionette 40 to 1 — Defender (off) 50 to 1 — Electric (ofi) 1000 to 15 — Highwayman (off) 1000 to 15 — Gaspard (off) 1000 to 10 — Volcano (oB) 1000 to 10 —. Schuloff (oil) 2000 to Iff — King of Algiess (tk) 1000 to Sumtue:side (off) lO.tOto S — Gracchus (off) 3000 to f — Cavendish (off) Even on Promisad Land and Musjid 70o to 400 on Promised Land, tfudtd «nd Trumpeter (tk) •: Oaks, 11 to 8 agst Mayonaise 10 to 1 Ariadne 10 to'.I — Summerside (tk) : 12 to 1 — Schism (tk) T / THE DERBY DAY. Wednesday.—Whatever forebodings might have been engendered as to the fineness of the weather by the cloudy aspect of the morniag, they were happily dispelled shortly after noon i>y the welcome appearance of the sun, which shone brilliantly'throughout the remaioder of 1he dny, ahd lent an exhilarating effect to the proceedings. Our readers (therefore, will be able to form some idea of the attendance which, -as on all grand- racing festivals, like the Derby Day," materially depends upon the slate of the elements, and if we at once remark that the company was the largest iu our lengthy-experience, we-shall 1>est convey the extraordinary spectacle which the course preseuted, 'without entering upon any of those descriptive details, chiefly compiled from the imagination, and alike wearisome to the reader as tedious in the recital. The increased means of accommodation afforded by the rival railway companies might justly have been expected to exercise a depressing effect in the show of vehicles, but strange to state, "the road" did not j r ield to the rail in this respect, but on the contrary, if anything, there was an increase in the number of carriages, which at the same time did not exhibit that marked gradation in rank before observable, being on the whole of a superior character to those in rcquisi ion ou former anniversaries. This latter circumstance, as well as the increase in the attendance of pedestrians, is doubtless attributable -to the low tariff at which visitors were conveyed to Epsom on both lines of railway, the "termini'' of which presented the usual auimatiag scenes. Heavily laden trains were despatched in quick succession, as soon as they could be pot ready with safety, from seven o'clock in the morning until the departure of the " special express" for tbe accommodation of those whose avocations detained them in town until the last moment, whereby they were enabled to reach the Downs in time for the great event. The Grand Stand was crowded to excess, as were also Barnard's, Langland's, and the other adjacent erections, and the charming phalanx of beauty and fashion which graced the balcony of the former testified the continued popularity of the sport with the "wives and daughters of England," as well as with the numerous aristocratic patrons, whose names are recorded elsewhere, and who Ailed the Jockey Club and Private Galleries. The usual characteristics of the view on the hill and along- the course were preserved in all their vigour, and so little change was obaervable in the general aspect of the 6ccnc, that a photograph taken many years back would faithfully pout tray the features of the present. The arrivals continued even after the horses had saddled for the Derby, by which time each s»de of the course was lined with a crowd so dense and closely packed that not one atom of space was observable near the cords between Taitenham Corner and the Rubbing House, near the Paddock, the carriages being several rows deep in places, whilst the elegant costumes of the numerous ladies who graced them imparted considerable brillancy to the animating scene. After the horses had taken their preliminary canters a rush was made to the starting post by. those stationed in the vicinity of the hill, and when the signal was given they with equal precipitancy returned to the eminence to witness the race, the effect of 'the moving throng being most extraordinary, and altogether baffling description. During the contest there was the (usual hum of excitement, which as the horses |neared the goal increased into a roar, and scarcely was the distance passed ere the vast crowd rushed pell-mell into the course, which soon presented a dense living black mass, extending to the barrier made by the police at the lower end ofthe Stand inclosure. The closeness Qf the struggle added greatly to the general excitement, and from the prominent position of tbe three leading favourites at the Stand, up to which point the issue '' hung in the balance," the hoisting.of the winner's number at the chair, proclaiming Sir Joseph Hawley the possessor, with Musjid, of the " blue riband" for the second year in succession, was awaited with intense anniety, and welcomed with more popular enthusiasm than was ever witnessed ou the result of any former Derby. The " lucky baronet" was overwhelmed with congratulations by his numerous friends, and one of the most enthusiastic was his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, who cordially shook Sir Joseph by the hand whilst expressing the delight with which he witnessed his third Derby triumph, rJo sooner was the great event decided than " pic-nicking" became the order of the day, and so general was tbe rush to the refreshment department in the Stand that, although Messrs Jacquet and Woodruffe had made unusally extensive preparations for public accommodation, it scarccly equalled the demand. With what was provided, however, the utmost satisfaction was expressed. The veteran Careless, and other well-known caterers, attended to the wants of the outside division, and were equally well patronised. At once to complete this portion of our narrative, before proceeding to the technical and more interesting part, wc must state that the police arrangements under the direction of Superintendent Walker, assisted by Inspectors Bray, Grant, Butt, Eccles, and Jackson, were most unexceptionable, aud the admirable manner in which' by dint of persuasion rather than violence they controlled the jnob is deserving of the highest possible praise. Considering the vast crowds which proceeded homeward by the road, it is gratifying to state that, beyond the usual break downs," we heard of no ccrious accident, and it was not until long past midnight that the citizens of London were allowed repose from the rumbling of countlcss vehicles, which, mingled with the shouts of their inebriated occupants, continuously besieged the metropolis. The old custom of forming a ring in the town haying happily been long since done away wiih, bookmakers, us usual en the Derby Day, mustered early in tho Grand Stand inclosure, where it was " high 'Change " long before noon, although tb« hour of commencement, as on the previous day, was fixed for two o'clock. The private eub>cript ; on stand also began 10 fill early, and it soon became apparent whnt bad " the call," for though the wurat favourite of the three "oraoks"the prcvios afternoon, tba offers of 3 to 1 on the field were so greedily snapped up by the supporters of Sir Joseph's horse thai scarcely aHy thing else but Musjid " went down," until a sudden outbreak occurred about Balnamoon, who came bucJi a ''hot-un" that be advanced from 20 <o 1 to S to 1 in an incredibly short time, the rush to "gel out," as in the case of all "nobbled horses" when iliey come to the post, a la Ethiopian last year, being so general that people seemed altogether regardless of what price they took at the moment. The "fever" soon abated, however, and Ba'namoon went bank almost as quickly as became to his opening price, to the chagrin of those who laboured under the delusion that they wonld be able to "hedge" at 5 or6 to n 100 to 30 was offered, " bar one," and in several instances 9 to 2, and even 5 to 1 (hedging money, we suspect,) was betted against Promised Lanl, who, it was stated, would be ridden by his trainer after alii Both John Osborne and Kendall were mentioned aB likely to have the mount, whilst there were those who even expected to see Alfred Dny change sea's with his brother William at the last moment 1 The only outsider amongst the 50 to 1 division at all supported in the early part of „,„ __ ,. -- „ , . hJv ^Vr 1 V<)l ? 0 " I,0 for • whose i b - 8 l prepared,, e T o t a l ,T in ™oke •fteraU. As usual on the eve of the Derby ^ o S e "*i T V 6 n0,ioe - boa r'? i9 B anolijeot of constant referenoe, and whilst apeculation was at Its height, the pojtiag of Mr. Router's telegram oonuinlngnewsfromihe seat of w«r of the defeat of tiie Austrians, and ^he losses fiustained by ihem in attempting ti reioke Faleatro, esnsed .qnite a momentary. lull; bui, stari'ing though the announcement -was, it appeared to create trifling interest compared lo the sensation that wonld hare been occasioned by the scratching of one of the favourites for the Derby, which instantly took precedence again of all other considerations, even amongst statesmen and politicians who had by this time assembled on the Stand. "At length the ringing of the bell, and the hoisiing of the wretohed apology (or a telegraph, cansed attention to be directed to the opening race pf the day, the Bentinck Plate, wherein the favourite, Orchehill, gained a second victory over a field of nine others—an unfavourable omen for th^fielders. The raoe of races—The DenB^-oame next |n succession, and with it all the agitation and nervous excitement usually ..perceptible on the threshold of a great event. Tho hones had scaroely passed the post for the Bentinck Plate, ere a general move was made ,to the paddock by those provided with the neoespary brown and green check 1 carte d'entree,' and, from the usual number of oracke" engaged in the race, we seldom remember to have witnessed S9 muoh interest manifested rosneoting their appear»nce. • En route' we met poor little Parsons, who was being carried back to the Stand, after having met with a serious accident in the first raoe. The Danebury pair (stripped) first came under onr n> tioe, and as far as condition "went nothing could be finer—bfarionette, who from exhibiting «U the characteristics of old Touchstone, many pronounced only "half trained," though in reality " hard as mahogany," looked to our fauoy more adapted to the wear and tear of the Uerby course than his somewhat less powerful and more blood-like companion, Trumpeter, whose leg, without a bandage on, naturally cause i doubts as to it* standing so severe an ordeal. A hraco'of ohesnnti next passed us, viz. Rfynard and Bankrupt, the former of which vividly recalled the bunting characteristics of his sire Harkaway. One of ihe handsomest horses in his clothes' was Newcastle, who looked uncommonly well, conei'lering whit had been done with him in the early part of the season ; but out of them his "weak point" behind the saddle inspired doubts as to his " staying," which however w-re not shared in by his »table from his high trial with Tournament. Electric attracted a considerable crowd during the operation of saddliog, and it was impossible not to admire his perfect symmetry, although looking a little "too well" in condition; whilst his joints, to which exception was taken last yeai, bave lost much of their former roundness, l'olonius, with a ooat like satin, stalked about under the hedge without attracting much attention. Broiherto Sydney was only noticed from his immense size, and Volcano, who lias improved little since we saw him at York as a t*o-year-old, may "astonish the Browns" later in the season. Scarcely a passing notice was taken of Napoleon, Gaspard, and others of the outside division. Time, in fact, but only admitted of a hasly inspection, and the favourites, as a matter of course, came in for .nearly all the •' gape seed." From his position in the belting Musjid attracted much attention, and although tiie cognoscenti," as at Newmarket, look exception to the high staring manner i" which he carried his head, and his *' waddling', gait behind, his commanding size, and recing-like muscular appearance, added to the " prestige" of his siable and openly-expressed confidence of Wells, who commenced the week even more auspiciously than in 18S8, caused a very general belief to be entertained of a repetition of Sir Joseph's last year's triumph. From having no prominent favourite, John Scott's three—Phantom, Gamester, aod ScliulofT—attracted less intention then ueual, but exrept in the esse of SchuloiT, who core a stocking on liis off fore leg, a single glance wassufficient to delect their perfect condition, and whilst Phantom was pronounced " pcacocfcy," Gamester who has thickened amazingly, and grown into a very nice horse, looked capable of flaking bis pert in any encounter, especially in deep ground. The condition of Wui. Oates's two was their chief recommendation, and she public, as is frequently the case, differed materially T7ith tile stable as lo ?hich would prove the " real ticket." ?he Promised Land wc did not see, but a competent Luthority assured us that he looted perfection, end exhibited none of the feverish excitcmentso perceptible at Newmarket. Considerable curiosity was manifested lo " take stock', of Balnamoon' who was nowhere to be found, however, and it eventually transpired that the horse was saddled on the hill near Sherwood's house, where Blink Bonny underwent her toilette in 1857. This evident desire to Avoid public inspection naturally created much suspicion, and though many[oftlie hone's backers appeared to delude themselves nhh the idea that a repetition of the coincidence would be . realised, the public regarded it as a discoutag. ing omen, particularly as Charlton (who as well Templcman had been engaged to ride him) re. quested to be let off the mount (which wa» given to Kendall), in order to ride the Qlenluce colt, in the absence of Flatman, who, we regret to state, was not sufficiently recovered fram liis serious accident at Bath to ride at this meeting. The hoisting of the telegraph board confirmed the expectations that William Day would be oa IVomfeeJ Land, fie having per. sistently refused to confide his horse to any other hands than his brother Alfred, and Mr Hill having first call of the latter', services, but one alternative remained. The card con. lained the nnmes of thirty-three probable str-rters, but the withdrawal of Actffion (10) Mountain Nut (24), and Old Robert (28) reduced the number to thirty, as in Blink Bonny's year, tha largest fielil that has ever started for the Derby, except in IS45, 1847, and 1851 when the numbers were 31, 39, and 33, and the winners The Merry Monarch, Cossack, and Teddinston. The only oilier alteration in the jockeys was the substitution of Wiihington for Gamester, vice Aldcroft, who was engaged for Bankrupt, the representative of Tom Dawson's stable, whilst the vacancies on the card were filled up by the re-appearance of the veterans Tcmpleuian and Marlow on Phantom and Enfield, and the engagement or Pearf, Musgrove, Sharp, and Bullock, for Schuloff, Brother to Sydney, Sir Hercules, and Luyett. The Ring, in the mean time, exhibited a scene of noisv ebullition, aud the occupation of " hedging and ditching" had many followers, but the final movements presented no vety extraordinary changes, the main features for notice being the remarkable firmness o,' Musjid as first favorite at 9 to4—one bet of 1000 to SOO was taken by Lord Ward—a reaction in favour of Promised Land, who had the call of Trumpeter—the advance ot Newcastle, about whom 12 to 1 was taken at one time, and Marionette, the latter of whom gained many supporters after he was seen in the paddock—an improvement in Gamester; the coolnessflf the " Balnamooners" at last, and the decline of Glenbuck and Bed Eagle, the public evidently not fancying the former wiih his stable boy up. A good deal of money was depending upon the position in the betting at starting of the three favourites, and owing to the partisanship exhibited, it was a task cf no little difficulty to get at the true lone ofthe market, but having remained iu the Ring until the very last moment, we can vouch for the correctness of our quotations. The competitors appeared upon tbe course in rather straggling order, the Woodyeats " crack" heading the van, whilst tbe rear division was composed of Sir Joseph Hawley's two, Colonel Townley's two, and the Danebury pair, the latter accompanied by Electric. The running ground was then cleared of the privileged classes,-and the "petit galop" ofthe competi- • tors afforded quite an inspiriting prelude to the main' performance. By" permission of tile Stewards, Higliwaynan did not" put in an anpearance" with tlm.others, owing to his unceVtain temperament, and the first to canter put the stand, led by Hegira in her clothes wm alnamoon, whose sWy liring cUoi d d n« pleaw the "cognoscenti." Promised Land Ja mmed along fie a bird; andHwrnV^o. iiette, "and Reynard also went strong and well. Glenbuck, wlio wore Ilia "goggle,"."tore away" •with his "mbiitir wide open, presenting a striking contrast io his successor, Trumpeter, who csutered-isomewhat "short/'* and it was evident that Alfred Day took every precaution to assist his Brother John in the delicate and anxious task ot keeping the horse on liis legs under such peculiarly trying circumstances. The last two to canter by were Gallus. and' Musjid, tlie former carrying a pink cap to distinguish him from tlie favourite, who swept along with Commanding stride, and elicited universal approbation, Volcano, we should state, was ridden in pink with white cap, instead of Lord Chesterfields regular colours, and ol Colonel Townlej's two Gladiolus carried a lilaclc cap. Hie race was set tor three o'clock, but the horses dida^t reach the post until nearly a quarter past The DERBY STAKES of 50 sovs each, H.ft. for three year olds; colts 8st 71b, fillies 8st 21b; the second to- receive 100 SOYS out of the stakes, and the winner to pay 100 povs towards the police and regulations of , the course, and 60 sovs to the judge; one mile and a half on the New Course: 210 subs. Sir J. Hawley's brc 'Musjid, by Newminster out of Peggy, 8st 71b.. .Wells 1 Mr. Johnstone's br c Marionette, by . Touchstone, 8st 71b S. Rogers 2 Mr. H. Hill's chc Trumpeter, by Orlando, fist 71b A. Day 3 Mr W. Day's br c Tlie Promised Land, by Jericho, 8st 7lb W. Day 4 lord Chesterfield's b c Volcano, by Or-. lando, list 71b Ashmali 0 Sir J. Hawley's cli c Callus, by Chanticleer, Sst 71b Oresswell 0 Captain Gray's b o Glenbuck, by Flying Dutchman, 8st 71b Hammond Mr. Payne's b c by Cotherstone out of Glenluce, Sst 71b ......Charlton Mr. T. Walker's ch e Bankrupt, by Slane, 8st 71b.;. Aldcroft Mr. Wentworth's b c Scbuloff, by Cossack, 8si 71b Penrl Baron Rothschild's ch c Brother to Sydney, by Surplice, Sst 71b..Musgrove Mr. A. Nichol's be Phantom, by Flying Dutchman, Sst 71b Templeman Mr. W. Barratt's ch c Electric, by Fallow Buck, Sst 7lb J. Goater Mr. Tord's br c Polonius, by Jericho, 8st 71b T. Sherwood Mr. J. Hawkin's be Enfield, by Confessor, 8st 71b C. Marlow Mr. C. Capel's br c Highwayman, by Cotherstone, 8st 71b J. Mann T. Parr's ch c Gaspard, by Daniel • O'Rourke, 8st 71b W. Boyce Sir C. Monck's br c Gamester, by The Cossack, 8st 71b,.'. Withington Col. towneley's chc Ticket of Leave, by West Australian, 8st 71b...G. Oates Col. Towneley's b c Gladiolus, by Kingston, flst71b J. Snowden Mr. Parker's b c Nimrod, by Buckthorn, 8st 71b Roe Lord Dorchester's cli c Reynard, by Hnrkawny, 8st 71b French 0 Mr. A. Worsley's cli c Newcastte, by Newminster, 8st 71b Ci. Fordham 0 Mr. W. I'Auson's b c Balnamoon, by Annandale, 8st 71b Kendall 0 Mr. Saxon's be Defender, by Melbourne or Windhound, 8st 71b L. Showden 0 Mr. J. Osborne's b c Red Eagle, by Birdcatcher, Sst 71b J. Osborne 0 Mr. C. Peck's br c Napoleon, by Voltigcur, Sst 71b Uumby 0 Mr. Merry's b c Lord of the Manor, by Touchstone, 8st 71b Plumb 0 Mr. J. Hawkin's ch c Sir Hercules, by Sir Hercules, 8st 71b E. Sharp 0 Mr. Ferguson's br c Lovett, by The Confessor, 8st 71b Bullock 0 SETTING AT STARTING. 9 to 4 agst Musjid 7 to 2 agst Promised Land 4 to 1 ajst Trumpeter 15 to 1 agst Balnamoon 15 to 1 agst Newcastle 20 to 1 agst Ticket of Leave 22 to 1 egst Marionette 25 to 1 - gat Glenbuck 33 to 1 agst Gamester 40 to 1 tgst phantom 40 to 1 agst Electric SO to 1 agst Defender b0 to 1 agst Volcano 1000 to 15 a^st Glenluce colt 1000 to 10 agst Red Eagle 1000 to 10 agst Lovett 1000 to 10 agst Gaspard 1000 to 10 Rgst Schuloff 1000 to 10 agst Reynard 1000 to 10 agst Bankrupt 1030 to 8 agst Napoleon 1000 to 5 agst Brother to Sydney 1000 to 5 agst Lord ofthe Manor The atari was preceded by eight or nine failures, in most ot which Nimrod, Electric, Napoleon, Gallus, Lord of the Manor, and Reynard were in advance, whilst Polonius, Glenbuck, and one or two others remained bahind the starter, the last named, contrary to expectation, exhibiting little of his City and Suburban eagerness. The delay which en- Bued in consequence of these repeate I breakings-away was no fault of Mr. Hibburd's, •who used every exertion to secure • satisfactory start, and he at length suocee led, the only horses which lost any ground being Soholoff, Trumpeter, and Polonius, whilst the at/vantage gained by Electrioani Lord of tlie Manor was but momentary, for though first off by two or three lengths, the running after the first two or three hundred yards was taken up by Nimrod, who made play at his best pace—far from a "cracker"—with a clear lead, Electrio lying second, Lord of the Mcnor third and Red Eagle fourth on the inside, the ruck headed by Reynard, Phantom, Gallus, Gladiolus, Defeuder, Newcastle, and Volcano, following so closely packed that it was impossible to assign them positions. Promised Land's orange cap, however, was dearly distinguishable on the outside, whilst in the middle we made out the favourite, Marionette, and Trumpeter in good places, on passing Sherwood's house, before reaching which Trumptter parted compiny with Schuloff end Polonius, who brought up the rear at that point. Through the furzes Nimrod increased (he lead to three or four lengths, but after passing the mile post he began to "come i back," and Gallus instantly rushing in advance :he remained there until half way down the hill, then Wm. Day, who passed his horses as Sf they were standing still the instant they Commented the descent, look Promised Laud Ito the front, and taking a clear lead came rather wide ronnd TatienhamCorner in order to get the upper ground four or five lengths first at suoh a pace that seve al of the jockeys and one or two "old stagers" who witnessed the race from that point expected he would go in alone. Atthefootofhehillthetwo "pilots" Gallus and Nimrod, were out of the race, and the Qlenluce eolt; R-d Eagle, and Eleotno also died away at the road, after crossing whioh there were not more than ten horses in the nice, viz Promised Land, with Trumpeter who improved his position in descending the_ rill). Volcano, and Gamester in hie wake on She upper ground, and the lower division composed of Defender, Reynard, Gladlolu., Phantom, Marionette (the laiter.of whom-was on the exireme left of ever, thing), Newcastle, and Musjid. The favourite was several lengths behind the second diviBion, owing to something running "broadside into him at the turn, whereby he was swivelled half round," aid only saved from being knocked over altogether by Fordham and French making an opening for him. Being a big horse, and fully confident that his enormous speed nd thorough gameness would eventually serve _im,""Wells did not hurry MnsjH at first, but „_irter getting him settled again, gave him one troke ul the whip, to which he answered so tamely that at ths distance he wap alongside if Trumpeter and the others composing the iMtnnki and within a Ungth or no of Pro- mised Lind. who was visibly compounding Volcauo, likewise nearly down at Tattenham Corner, was beaten some time previously, Phantom " gave up the ghost*' at the distance and before reaching the Stand Gladiolus and Newcastle were easily diSpoBedot Defender here looked most fo-midable but only for an instant, end opposite the "west and gallery" the race was left to Promised Lana,:Trum. peter, Musjid, end Marionette, between whom the finish was most exciting—Muejid, who got the best of his opponents at that point, winuing by a good half length. Marionette {mistaken by the Judge for Ticket of Leave, as elsewhere explained), beat his stable companion, Trumpeter, for second money by a neck, and the latter, who broke down in both fore legs/ between the Stand and the Chair, had a similar advantage over Promised Land, who- hung very mush townr.ls Trumpoter at the finish. At an interval of about three lengths from the first lot Defender was fifih, Newcastle sixth, and Gamester seventh, close together, Gladiolus being eighth, and Reynard ninth, elear ef Red Eagle, Napoleon, and t Glenbuck, which comprised thenext lot. The othirs stragglod in at wide intervals, the Glenluce eolt and Tioket of Leave being together* long way off, whilst in the extreme rear were Bilnamoon (who never showed in tli .* race), Sohttloff, Electric, Lovett, Lord of the Manor, Nimrod, and .Bankrupt, Run in 2 minutes S9 seconds. Nett value of the stakes, £0,750. DESCRIPTION OF THE WINNER. Musjid is a dark brown horse, standing 15 hands 3 inches, has a clean blood-like head, wide cars, arched neck, good Bhoulders, very deep girth and ribs, wide hips, strong muscular quarters, good bocks and thighs, and plenty of bone, fie is a very lengthy animal, but has a peculiar "waddling" action in walking wi'h his hind parts, and is on the whole a very blood-like and racing looking colt. PEDIGREE AND PERFORMANCES OF THE WINNER. Musjid was bred by the Earl of Scarborough, aod was got by Newminster out of Peggy. In 1857 she foaled a filly by Newminster. PERFORMANCES. In 1SS8, at Ascot, carrying Sst 7lb, was thirl, a length from the second for New Stakes, won by North Lincoln. At Stockbridge, carrying Sst 101b, won the Mottisfont Stakes, 6 fur. by a length, beating Sir Herculos, Sst lOlb (second), Electric, 8st 101b (third); e neck from the second, and the following not placedRomsey, Sst 101b (fourth, six lengths off); St. Clarence, Sst 101b (fifth; Felicilas, 8st71b ; Actteon, 8st 101b; Heir-a'- Law, Sit 101b; and Alleera, who fell and unseated her jockey. 8st 71b. At Newmarket f R t . t a l j S.O., carrying Sst 71b, paid forfeit ina Matoh, T.Y.C., to ch f by Weatberbit, dam by Pyrrhus the First, out of Miss Whip. At Newma-ket H, carrying 8st 71b, waB beaten by a neck in a Match, last half of Ab. M., by Blacksmith, 3 yrs, Sst. In 1859, at Newmarket Craven Meeting, carrying 8st 121b, beat Lord Glasgow's f by Orlando, 7st 121b, in Match, 40» sovs, 150 ft, D.M., winning in oanter by tea lengths; at Epsom, won the Derby by half a length, beating twenty-nine others. ENGAGEMENTS. Is engaged at Stockbridg* in the Siewa da' Plate of 100 sovs, added to a Sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, h ft (57 subs), and at Newmarket S O., in a MAtch against Baron Rothschild's North Lincoln, 8st 101b, D.I, 300, h ft. In he Ascot Cup and a Match with The Promised Land; 8si 101b each, T.M.M.. 2,000 sovs, 500 ft, at the Newmarket S.O. Meeting. 