\- ; VICTORIA. WE rooke some further extracts from our papers b;. Wongo Wonga. . , - AtLEOED MOTIDE» AT ' BAXÚLV.-A oorrespon'' writio'g'from Bulluni informs.,UH that very oonsidei. excitement prevailed in that town on Friday, fron circumstance of a man named William Short bi been shot «rn tba previous evening. Short resided tent upon the farm of his brother, who employed ; the deceased and the murderer. At about 8 o'oloc the evening or the 10th the duoeased, who was abou - years of agc, was sitting by his fire, when he b-.. some one npproaoli the tent. He went outside, s fellow-workman, William Salt, snipped a gun at l ' which he held in bia. hand.' On entering the tent . ashed if ho had frightened ; him, and the decease, plied in tho afHrmoiive. Salt then took a seat,' either oborged the gun.or applied powder to the nij and affixed a fresh cap. Some general conversation v apparently friendly nature, arose botween theta « ' opossum ghosting and other matters, without exe: anv flùsnipînn. ' The ri,»henfled'ft wiffl whoiqin lier t year, waa reaching a'bottle, athis request, to app liniment to bis shoulder, and ot the moment when - b IOII was turned the man fired tho gun off, and the . tents lodged in the breast of tho deceased, who inst» expired. Salt withdrew from tho tent, and harriet, the residence ofMr. Short, willoh is about half a '??<-? from his brother's tent. In reply to inquiries as to i brought him there, he Baid that be had boen outopo»> shooting. The shrieks of William Short's wifo were i. hoard, nud the murderer remarked that it must bo- one nt a neighbor's near.- Ho then witbdrow,' retired to Mr. Short's stable, and lay down, apparr feigning te be asleep. He was arrested with tho gui ' his side. Inquiry was made of him, as to his objet- ?.. shooting the deceased.He cried, and replied, that did not know, and subsequently asked how the old i ' ! was. An inquest was to ba held on Saturday, v j further particulars, which have not yet readied us, ^ probably elicited in reference ta this melancholy, ev. ... -Argus, May 2!Jrd. A correspondent of the Ballarat Time», writing on'., ' ? SOtli instant, says-" An accident of a most 'painful '. - turé bás ooeurred within tho past hour in the hole len .... as 4 The Wiiim Bole id Baud's Paddock,' whereby' - moro deaths oro added to the frightfully.increasing which you bavo so. frequently had the pninfoi dut; record, under the heading '.' Death from the falling i a drive.' The names of the two men ldlled are D - > Humphries and Jeremiah Smith, both living, I heat.> - tho olnirn, on Bakery Hill, in toi.t-i adjoining eaoh ot and both have left wives' and ? children to mourn t loss. Tho son of one-a boy-was driving the nor.' tho whim at the time of the .accident, the father, ha', only gone down the shaft an hour previous." '.-..?" .. !The Argus reporta particulars of an favesligatio ' Daylesford, the result of whioh aauscd som o exciten -" It will bo remembered (soys our cotumporary), ' a! horr blo outrage, resulting, unhappily, In the deal)., tho victim, was committed, on the night of the 3.. - February lust on the .Hepburn Racecourse. The un" ' túnate man, who was literally kicked to death, was¿at ' Phi ip Smith, or perhaps, was better known as Chant' On the 12th of March,'Alexander Goiga, a Frenchn was' apprehended and brought before' Mr. Dovr oharged with having committed that brutal' mnr>. . After some evidemoa had been token, which showed,- . ' 'you,d. jihe.possibility _oI_o doubt; that tho prisoner 1 ' connected' with'tile oiimó,""if Iñot thV actual perpétri of it, ho was remanded until the 18th instant, when 1. Superintendent nurko,-of Castltmaine, assisted .by..-.; . Joi^.l'YJLCüei'linerJ from MelKourrie, who had; arre? tho prisoner, appeared to conduct thé proseotilion. ' '¡ : Moultrie attended for tho defence. Superintend! ' Burke having read over tho depositions taken " ega: " tho' prisoner ou thc previous oootision,' .o«; Thom us Bogors, who stated that ho know t prisoner, whom he would positively swcár ; having seen on the race-coiinia op tho night' thu murder, at about half-past 10 o'clock, just before timo tba murder was committed. Robert Jphosto i miner, residing nt Stoney Crock, deposed to his hoi . ledge of Jlie _Er[|oner, and gave similar evide Thomas Foy alsp swore'to "having Hd'eh'tbo prisoner tho racecourse tho some overling. For tho defence, ' prisoner bröügUt'forwärd 5 w¡tñestas" tó piove, an oí¡ they all deposed to bis hoing asleep nt tho time ia a i at some distance from the scone of the murder. ' ^Dt; tivo Hudson provod finding tho Guernsey shirt*of| prisoner all saturated with blood, which he nccoui', for by saying that it was d me at a fight in which ho ! bron engaged l»3t Christmas. A surgeon deposed to blood on tho prisouor's shirt being perfectly frosh, of recent date. The ptei|dhig__magis^ratouno^ deen' sending the ca<o for trial before a jury, diaoharged prisoner. Wo learn that the Crown ha-» issued a war for his re-n rest, on the'ohargu of his being accessory tho orime." ' . : James Mulholland, the defaulting town-clerk of 1 Ballaarat, has boen apprehended on his way to Sydnr A notorious ticket-of-leave, depredator, named Will Smith, n black, hus be o ii urreHtetl at Prtihran. Wbil Inrgo ho had created great alarm in the neighbour! by cowardly assaults upon woiner who Iiapponod ti ? out alter dark. There ¡ito five soparate charges'ag* - Smitty : ono of burglary, two of highway r bbory, t\i< attempts nt highway robbory. aeoi mpanied ,by viole Four, of ;thf'Sd charges ore preferrid-by rospeot femnloB, tho ether '.by Mr. Thomas Evnfi), into wi house the man broko. ! THE MKMiounsE HUKT.-Tho first meet of . Molliourni) Hunt Club toil: pinna on Sttunlay last, * tho day':! sport moy IIB considered ns pr diclivoof aj. sons' n. A "bagman" wa* provided, and nfl or a 1 ran Mr. W. Treacy contrived to boar away tho br' Mr. G. Watson, thu master of tho pack, making a j; second. There wore sevornl old Moepleohasors in fluid, nnd Trency'a Will-if-I-cim-perfmmod his work '. 'usual-well. Before proceeding to the in««t-the m." burs of Ilia club took luncheon at tho house of i muster, at línchto-n. -Argus, ainy »a. 