! SOUTH AUSTRALIA. j WK have Adelaide pupers to the 11 th instant. j* The_Parliament is in session, but beyond badgerin" j tho Ministry a little hus not done much work. DISCOVERY OV GOI.»-FJI:J.I>.-On Thursday, the I Commissioner of Crown Lands received a claim from j a person at thc Burra, who professes to have discovered ¡ a gold-field in the'North. Nothing rsatated as to the ! ! locality of this El Dorado, hut the fortunato individual i promises thc Crown Lands Oillco a speedy visit. I Mr. Selwyn, the Victorian Government Geologist, had been on a visit to Echunga and the Southern ¡ gold -fields, and spoke encouragingly of them. He j was to take another tour in the north. I NORTHERN EXI-LORATIONS.-From a paper just laid upon thc table of the House of Assembly wc learn that tho total cost on this account, inclusive of that1 ; shown in a former council paper, is £5502 11s. 3d., I which is subdivided as follows :-Cost of original cx . ploring party under command of Mr. Babbage, £Wli j lös. 2d. ; cost of supplementary party under Mr. [Gregory, £802 Os. Sd. ; cost of party under Major j Wai burton (inclusive of £100 gratuity to Mujor War. i burton), £250 18s. fls. ; gratuity to police-trooper I Geharty, for services in exploring country west of I Streaky Bay, £25 ; gratuity to Mr. S. Parry, for simi j lar services in country north-west of Lake Torrens, ¡ £50.-Total, £5552 Ms. 3d. j A PARLIAMENTARY FIX.-Thc House of Assembly i nearly committed suicide on Tlruraduy. Indeed thc j House of Assembly did commit suicide, but was fortu j irately galvanized into life again by a dexterous effort j on the part of the Speaker. We have all heard of thc ( resuscitation of persons supposed to bc thowned, and i of thc recovery of persons after being hanged (and I who, as born to bc hanged, couldn't bo drowned) ; we I have also heard of the Egyptian mummy who was j suddenly electrified into life by some mysterious pro I ¿ess at a meeting of the Philosophical Society. * To i these memorable instances of the rekindling of thc vital spark after it had fled must now bc added that of the rekindled tires which were suffered to die out upon thc altar of thc colonial St. Stephen's. We shall never again believe in the mortality of Parliament, at least so long as the present Speaker. lives to collect the scattered embers of its extinguished fires. The i House of Assembly met, on Thursday, at the usual hour of one, and ut twenty minutes past one adjourned for half an hour, in order to afford time for tho Speaker, and other hon. members, to corry up the I reply to his Excellency. At ten minutos to two tho I Speaker was again in thc chair, but thc charms of what ; the hon. member for Encounter Bay calls that "highly j picturesque " spot adjacent to the Houses of Parlia- ment, or perhaps the exigencies of lunch, had tho I effect of drawing away thc greater part of the House ! from thc «cone of duty and glory. The Speaker took I the chair, and bestowed occasional glances at the four j or live members who were seated before him. A bell j was then rung to summon the loiterers, and a few ' answered to the call ¡ still, there was no quorum, and I after waiting thc appointed time, thc Speaker declared the House adjourned till one o'clock next day, and , immediately loft the chair, followed by most of the j hon. members then present, and by the icporters of the press, who quitted the gallery immediately on the ad- journment being declared. And now arose the didi ! culty. Thc usual formality of moving " that the I House, at its rising, do adjourn till-?-" tho next or some future' day, had been omitted, and, conse- quently, thc House of Assembly was legally defunct ! Invested with tho power of adjourning its sittings from one day to another, tho Legislature has no power of calling itself together if once separated other than by adjournment. The Assembly had clearly given the conj) dc grace,-had shuffled off thc mortal coil of the sessi m at its very outset, and had become really nothing more than the ghost of a Parliament. But ! the Speaker,-to whom the Boyal Humané Society I should award its gold medal-by a few judicious i passes galvanized thc dead but not cold body hito life. The hon. gentleman took the chair again-a pro ? ceoding which had the same effect upon those members still lingering in the precincts of tho cham- ber as thc retrogression of the sun would have upon j the animal creation, supposing that orb to wheel I round the chariot of day immediately after having ? driven it into the domain of Night. " The Speaker is in the chair ; " hon. members could not understand it ; one after another ran to see thc sight, a "House " was ! thus formed, and business was entered upon, greatly to the scandal of the Standing Orders, arid, as events proved, much to the discomfiture of the Commissioner of Public Works. The defunct Assembly being re- vivified, the lust act was to achieve aidcfeat or the Government. Our readers will still wint to know how it happened that after the Speaker had declared the House adjourned its sitting was resumed. We have already "stated the real object of the re-assem- bling ; namely, to restore the suspended animation of this Branch of the Legislature. Hut it will stiU bc ' asked how the Speaker cou M do so ? Well, we believe : the story is that thc bell rung in uniformity with thc ! rule of the House had lost its clapper-at all events it told nothing, and the Speaker (we believe) ruled that a bell wliich did not., ring had Inot boen rung ; and that ns it had not been1 rung, the adjournment was premature and irregular. A pretty Rtory of a hell, doubtless-but not quite sa- tisfactory, though it would too much savour of Tcd tapeism to complain tliat thc Speaker, in raising to life a dead Parliament had done so " irregularly." We must excuse tho mode of operation in honour of the deed itself. There is a story of a tyrannical Bashaw who fell overboard, and on being seized by tho pig-tail Just ns he wns sinking for thc third time, signalised his rescue by ordering thc immediate execu- tion of thc unfortunate wretch who dared to insult that awful appendage. We must not evince a similar spirit toward " Mr. Speaker,"-but it is an undoubted fact that he declared the House adjourned, dispersed the members, scattered the reporters, and contrary to all rule and order, and was sitting in the chair a qunrtcr of an hour afterwards, presiding over thc de- liberations of the adjourned session.-Advertiser. 