DRIVER MIKE. (From All the year Hound.) , ... y. How can I find words to describe the barrenness: of Connemara, except by comparing; it, to.that of County Mayo ; and how can I describe county Mayo excopt by comparing it to iConncmara ? > Here I have been riding on one of Bianconl'a cars ten miles, from Clifden to Galway,> and have not seen a soul. yet, and scarcely a body, except the two half -naked children . that were playing round a peat-heap at Ballyrag, and the eld woman with the grey. hair, tied in a knot who put-to tho horses at Croppy ; town.Nota house either but that one hut, beyond the old: castle of the Martins in the lake, which was announced to us by two or three spindly trees full an hour beforehand. Bog, bog, bog, mountain, lake, like the en- chanted, doomed country in a fairy story. 1 Two inns to-day-the first kept by a.Church of England clergyman, the second : by the parish doctor-do not indicate much traffic or com- merce in this beautiful ..region of blue mist and brown, burnt-siennn ish bog; It remains, I Bhould think, much as lit did when St. Patrick,. in his white robe, tramped .barefooted to seek audience of the savage Irish .king, who was dressed in wolf-skins, and had a spiky mace for a walking stick ; much the same as when the black Danos carried their raven ' banner through it ; quite, the same as in tho croppy times, or when cocked-hats and swords were seen in Galway streets. A heron stands on one leg, in a meditative way, like a ono-legged pensioner, waiting till the coach-wheel nearly touches him, as if he were stopping there to hand thc coachman a parcel. Rushes, with their little green tubes, burnt red brown tops, and' little' bushed of flowers, are' pretty enough ; but ten miles of rushes is too much of a good thing. If we do see any children, ragged and picturesque, in the scarlet frocks' worn by tho Connemara peasantry, they run from us frightened, like a parliament' of rats disturbed by the appearance of a terrier. '.' There are two other depressing things about Connemara. Ono is, that thc road ; is so wild, and mournfully desoíate, and unpeopled, that wild. creatures have claimed it, ' and claim joint possession, particularly ' the wild ducks and the magpies. They form d feature iii all the wild parts of Ireland. Looking far ahead down the dry,' blue, hard road, you see 'suddenly a flock of black.spots in the centre of. it, perhaps a hundred' .? yards off. As yon get nearer you ;find this is a batoh of little, 'callow, half-fledged wild dooks, brought here by the fussy mother to dust and sun themselves from some adjacent hog-hole; or clump of friendly rushes; The young -ones have never heard of coaches,'' and would not rise at all but for the pecks ! and bustle bf their mother, who fluffs them up and scrambles thoin off just iu time to be saved from our swift revolving wheels.' Off they waddle, only disturbed for a moment ; and, as you look back, you seo them again just whore they were before. Then the magpies-those black' and white cloricnl-looking birds you seo in England, perhaps once in a long summer day's walk-here you put them up in couples, ten in a mile, with their long tails and their shy, mischievous manner, jerking about in the road-side trees (when there ore any), or balanoing awkwardly on the clumsy stono walls. Then; as for weasels running across the road, and carrion'crows, looking out for lamb, they aro seen constantly, and, in Connemara, eagles too, as you will hoar.: Before I get'to my account of-this energetic Italian Bianconi, who; single handed has permeated all Iroland with' cars, and done moro good to poor Ireland in twenty years than. But I am getting treasonable. In the midst of these observations, my Bianconi driver, Mike Joyce, breaks ont with a song, written by the schoolmaster nt Derry Knouring, and, as it is not dovoid of quaintness, I give it : ? Tune <¡f th* ¡fate ClouU Mug. " O gm mnobros, .. ... You don't love roo, Or olao von wouldn't Ungor, Thia nillo ring, Willoh non I bring, To slip upon your linger. "Colloon nslhoro, ? > My hear! ls soro, Too long I luve uoon walling, . 1'vo faed tho priest, And cookod tho feast, It la no Hos I'm staling¡ It's truth, beduit, I'm stating, . v " Mavoumoon, then, He one In tan, ' ' Anil do not look so tux lng, The pig la bongin, Tho tlsli aro caught. Tho day and honrare flaying ¡ O Kitty ain't thoy flaying. " You smile at mo, ' O gra maoliroo, , . Love, doar, you mil not linger,* ' No blarney, Tom I' , i - , I'm deaf and dotnb, - Tho ring la on her Anger: - ' Whoop, hoya, lt'a on hor Ilntfor," I had complimented him on his song, when who should get up nt a roadside .whisky-shop whero We changed horses, but two bagmen ? who, having hoisted up their tin boxes and mnckintosh-covorod bundles of pattornB till tho car groaned again, began nt once, before the car moved of!) playing at gambling games of cards, with an ardour worthy of a botter cause. Wo wore still in sight of Bonatola, king of tho twelvo Fins (or skittle mountains), and they »were on the seat with thoir backs to mo and Mike, who drovo sideways, as carmen love to do. Mike cast a malign glance at the bagmen, an they imperiously Btowed away their tin boxes. " One wonld think," he muttered to mo, '/ it was tho Juko of Wellington and Admiral Kelson out, arm in arm, for a holiday. I'd upset them in tho next bog- hole for a tinpenny." But tho rod-\vhÍBkered, froBh-coloured, pompous, slangy bagmen went on throwing dorrn the red and black pipped cards on the car cushion between thom quite unconcerned, the money lying botweon thom in reasonable pools of silver. If wo had been driving through Paradise they would not have looked, un. * . . As- a rond-side dog broko out on us from a cabin, Mike began, to talk,. .-'-.? ¿ - ?? - \ ; ?' There's a pb'vyör '? ; of .agi»í" said Mike,' sújdehiy,1 «í np'j in -Derryclare, there. ' I '.'.some-j timefl am' getting tliorn at', three-and-sikpence the couplé fer [gentlemen that keep' menageries' on their lawns. ¡' I'll ,tell you a story about them." ' , ; Giyei thatiyelping dog a cut .with.your whip,',* said one of the gamesters. ! Mike replied, seriously, bending down to them, 'f Perhaps, one of, you gents would be kind enough to fling half-a-crown at him. Well, as ,1 was saying when the dog, interrupted ' me, I had a man from - Letterfrach. on the box the other day, who was a powerful one on, agle stories, but.it's not worth telling.-Hold up, jinny !" : ¡ '*" Oh, the story, by all means, Mike," said I. I "A yoar or two ¿go,", said Mike,'"it maybe moro-. here was a poor widdy had her slip of peaty ground riot far from the foot of Benbann, that big bluo fellow there to the right. Sho had just' her .handful of goats, that nibbled about Behcullaghduff, and- her blice of: bog,- and such ; perquisites' as she had got given to her by ono of the groat Martins of Ballinahinch, ". before . old Cruelty to animals reigned in Connemara (rest his 'timi !). Convayninont to the widdy lived an eagle. ' Do you' see'that' tree we're passing?' ¡said the Clare man to rae. 'Tc be sure I do,' ¡said I, ' bow can I help it ?-did he live in that?' ' No,' says he, as pat as could ' be,' ' he didn't, but-he built on that wall' juBt beyont it.' Well, ¿no unluoky Friday, the widdy's sons-f-tw'o stout , lads,'/rea'dy:-for any misobierV and' inoré fond1 of snapping at snipes and listening to thé gentlemen's ' beagles than 'work- climbed up1 that: wall'of'a' rock, pulling themselves up by the long green strings of ivyandthelittle'hollybusbes that grew in the clefts, and,: when up there, what did they do but bring down two of the'young birds. S son afterwords, the widdy's lambs began to decrease in number (it was yearning season at the time), and so it went on, till only forty of seventy wore left. The widdy, thinking it had been the herd, had him watched, and thon found out, sure enough, it was devil a one but the ould thafe of tho world, the agle. So she goes to a wise gossip, and asks her what was to. be done. Says the gossip to her,,'. Have you never done.any provoca- tion to the agio V And the widdy says to her 'that her sons had taken two of the young birds to bring up in the house as pets.' «That's it,' says the ould, women, .' and there'll never bo good blood between you, Widdy Grattan, and the .agle till you .give back, them cubs, and the boys go np again and put back the birds, and make all smooth.' . The boys took back, the eaglets, and from that day no more lambs were taken out of the flock ; nor was that all, for tho agle behaved like ajintlêman to her, and because he couldn't give them back-seeing as how they were picked to the bone-he flew forty miles a day for thirty days running into Cointy Clare, and brought back every day a Iambi to make up the number he and his family had eaton! 'And this is how it was found out. The mah 'that told mo, and' who' lived near the widdy, had lately married a West- port woman, and came out of Claro into these very parts, and ho declared the brand on tho lambs thc agio brought back was the brand of à squireen froth his own neighbourhood. Now, isn't, that mighty quare?" ' " It is indeed," I said, beliovingly. . Mike continued : Well, this same Clare mari told me another story of an agio that-, beats Banagher. There was a countryman near Bencore who used to.cross a ford; every day tb cut his .little slip pf turf to boil, the wife's praties with.. fOue day, as he goes across with his log over his shoulder and his kippeen at lits back, balancing himself on the ' stones, that the water dips and 'tumbles over, what 'does'he'See-1 but' á; big baste of an'agle, with'wings as big as a fishing-sail/ sitting on i a rock ' half-way . across, ating a salmon with all the relish of a priest at a wedding ? The man up's with a cleaver ho has with him to out a'stick'pr two of bog-wood, lets fly at the agle, who drops; the'salmbn down at his feet,,and, without waiting; for; the change, flies off, as he thought, to his wife and family in Benoni 1 ogh dtiff. Pleased enough, the man'goes into the bog, scoops out his kippeeBful of the driest , turf, ties the cords ' noross, hoists the ' fish, ' shining like a new dish-cover, iii Jbetwoen' flip fastenings, niid hurries back to tho cabin, 'glad to bring B iddy, ?who was'ailing, so pretty a dinner without changing a one pound bill for it. But he hadn't got the pot that was to boil that fish ; for, as he has got half across tho water, 'flop comes his friend the agle down on tho creel, pitches on his head, gives him a buffeting with his wings that half blinds him, and flies öff with the salmon in bis claws." .e Teaching him to do as he'd be done by," said I. ' ? ' '* Divil anything else," said Mike. " ' Beded, says the man to Biddy, « I'm riot the Christian to be made a,fool of by an agio that has only two legs and ho'artris." Noj'says he, 'and ho loads' a blunderbuss up to tho muzzlo with' swan shot, and goes off to the ford the very next day, and hides under an aider bush to wait for the agle when be came to drink; In about half an hour, he sees a dark spot over Derryclare that gradually gels larger as it gets nearer, and by-and-by turns out to be the ogle. Now, VII tacho you manners,' says Murphy Joyce," btit beforo he could pull tho trigger whioh was rather stiff--it hndn t boen used much since the troubles in 'ninety-eight the agio was down upon* him again,'and gaye him such a doso. of it as knocks his sinses quite out of him.' He could not seo out of his eyes for a -month .afterwards, and I don't think would have ever seen again, if he hadn't made a pilgrimage to Oroagh Patrick, arid drank out of the Holy well three mornings running, fasting.'" The moral, thought I : Never toke a salmon away'. from an cogie without remomboring bis bm. -. ? .; ' : 1 . ; " How can those fellows go on playing nt cards instead of listening to your good stories," I whispered to Mike. . , ''Ob, bad luck; to them," said Mike, " they always make up their losses thc first fool thoy got hold of. , Hear me now." The twëlve Pins-look well, "gentlemen," said I, stooping down. . ' The gents, ' looking up in a desultory way, said, " Oh, very-^-wonderful J Fifteen-two and a pair are eight-that makes me throe-and-six ponce." ; " Oh. let thein be, the nagurs," said Mike, with extreme contempt. Just then, a pig-driver passed, trimly drossed, driving, with unnecessary noise and solomnity, four pigs, oomplotoly tatooed with red bars across tho back. . " That's a young pig-jobbor, I know," eaid Mike. "How do you know he's only just begun business," said 1. (. Why, there's too much ruddie. Ho's moro ruddle than pigs. As he gets older he'll put less." Mike, the Connaught man, was a shrewd, good-litimourcdv sagacious rondoap ; a man's body and a boy's heart, like half his countrymen ; a ¡ voice stammering with fun,!but, when ho grow aoriousj. deep/'riiythmicnl earriest,a'nd pathetic. Having sounded him in legends, I waittd ( fnoon-nse for luB ghost-btoriei. 'Ll.'_; 1 "? ; After a ebert stsro at, the horsey' ears, win passes with* a car-driver ";for meditation, Mt said, abruptly, " did yon like' : Sligo, yo honour ?" In the course of my réminiscences of Sligo, mentioned a one-eyed and left- handed waiter. Mike laughed, and said, " I know that waite Ben and me have an. old grudge; he's ono of tl ferocious O'Flaherties." Here our recollections of Sligo were mteiruptc as we approached Letterfrach, tho Quaker Bottli ment, by a sinister-looking old mah with bai feet, and a patched great coat, with a scrubb ram's-wool collar, who bore on his back a enormous round bundle of old clothes, wrapped i a rug, that gave him the air of Atlas, learning tl: use of the globes. After much higgling lie get up to ride to Cliforn, and ties his bundle to ono < the jaunting-car rails, " Is your portmanty safe, Tom ? Aro yo insured from'fire, or wont they insure tinder 1 said Mike, in a kindly voice. " I'm all right, Thag, and thanks to you," erie grateful Tom. ,. ' ., « Very , well,. Tom. Then chip, Jinny, thought you were-.off to Coleraine, Tom ?" .. "No; I've just been reprimanded" (hornear remanded). ; The ; picking up of passengers makes i a lon .day's ridej orf an Irish- jaunting-car, ¿ne .bf th merriest things' in1,_ the world. Nowhere, ca you pick up.stranger sayings or more pleasant bit of observation to chew the, cud of in after am duller days. Now wo drew up ot a white-washei cabin, with its Hbrown pool and dunghill before il the pigs muzzling at the potatoes, smoking am straining in the basket-lid befere the door Facing the door, slops downa peat buttress-trunk which feeds the fire ingeniously enough, and al si keeps out all pure air from the circle round th red-hot peat. Our friend Tom, the pedler, wa snugly established as a balance to the commercia gentleman, ,who, with antagonistic rows of half crowns, were-now absorbed in the mysteries o blind hookey, and were blind to everything elsi except an occasional tinted y el lo* glass of whisky brought out from a shnbbeen by a bare-footec urchin who octod as pot-boy. A turn of -the road brought us to one of thosi cottage stations where Bianconi keeps his relnyi of horses. A thin, cheery old woman, with he; dry grey hair blowing ,in whisps over her face tripped out, and began to put to the horses " Fergus and Kittyj" were marked by Bianconi'i royal decree upon the collars; so that Fergm should never wear Kitty's collar nor Kitti Fergus's. ' She slipped in the buckles anc whipped up the cheek-Btraps as deftly as a smar young ostler of sixteen. She even smeared som« black ointment on Kitty's cracked hoof, and hoc the leather case on, before tho Connaught mar could.get round and help her. I.rejoiced to se( her slap the wet flank of Jinny, to send her inte tho s tn bios, and pull Brian's mane as a - token o recognition. ' Five minutes more and Mike wat ou tue yellow box, tucking the oilskin apron ovei my legs, and hoping I had room. " Now, your honour," said Milco, " for the nexl ten miles you'll- have as protty a rocking as evei a rpwler tourist had in his born days. You mighi as well be at sea in a gale of wind." Tho next time we stopped, Mike exclaimed : " You see that'nate little gurl that brought us th< parcel at the gate ?" "Yes," I replied. *'Well," said Mike, " she's one of theil jumpers." , " Jumper. What's that?" I ' > " Why ono of the soupers that went over to thi btaok faith in the famine times for soup. She ti a nato little gurl, and takes in millinery. I'vi seen' follows ; change; their faith for . a .pair o breeches." ' * .' - " No?" I said. !" "Is it no you say ; it's yes I say," cried Mike, " There was young Brady, of Moycullen. When tho committee was giving away the clothes, he seos a -pair of breeches as mightily takes his fancy." f Give me them,' says he, ' and I kiss the Bible.' Well, »ext day when we went, they'd been given to somebody else, so what does Brady do but como back again to the ould faith, though divil. of a haporth of credit he is' to that samo. Look thoro, your honour, at that field where the potatoes.aro lying out in clean rows. What young ohildren for work, and how charming that handsome gurl with thc bare legs shows them how to use the long épade. That land was all bog four years ago, and all that torrent fir, too, It belongs to a Scotch farmer, who turns out his ohildren ; tb work, directly the corn begins to thrive, from six yeats old to sixteen, all the samo. That' gurt is the beauty of the place. Now if he had been Irish she would have boen working at her piany, and had her big lump of a novel, and have been looking oatt of tho window for the purty young man." " Yes," thought I, and fell into a reverie, .'the Scotch are conquering Ireland. The old hard drinking, open house days are gone by for ever ; witness , the Martins, who ruled half Con- nemara and had tho lands of a prince ; witness and - and all the old clans." Before I could finish my apostrophe on the Middleman question, the Orange and Green qtiostion, thc Absentee quostion, the Ti tho ques- tion, tho Popery question, and some others, I was interrupted by our Btopping to take up one of the county constabulary, a foroo which few armies of Europe conld match. The smart young fellow, in Iiis light rifle green, flat cap, and sido bayonet, leaped np with a soldierly like nod to tho driver, bound for some session then sitting*. As he alighted j a mile further on, Mike said, " Good luok go with him, it's some poor vviddy's heart he'll make nobe to-night, sorra guide him I" <.? * >...' ? " Havo you been long in Binnconi's service, Mike?" " Ton yearB last Rogation." " Have you evor seen him ?" ' " Hove I over Been him 1 Often and often, your honour. Ho's a little, smart man, with a quick eyo, mid havo hoard bim tell his own story how ho was Bhipwréoked, when he was quite a boy, on his way from Rome, and loft with only th reo shillings in his pocket on n desert island. With these ho bought some pictures that he saw in n window in Dublin, and soiling these got more, anil so on, till he Btnrtod a car, and thon another, till now ho employs evor BO many hundrod drivers, and the divil knows hotV many horses, and lives in n grand place near Clonmof. Thoy say if ho gots a halfpenny a day from every horse it pays him." " I suppoBo that B on tho harness stnnds for his nome, Bnid I. " An' bo sure it doe's," said Mike. Every horse ha» its own namo and its own harness. Ho's mighty sharp. Ho has travellers to look after ns who como about on tho road and aro talton tip as regular fares, and who nb to down the timo they got on and off to compare it with our bills *nt tho station. Now in London, fhoy loll mo, they do it by gotting into on omnibus w.'th a right-hand pocket'full of marbles. For every one that gets in', they move a marble into tho left-hand pocket ; isn't that onto ?" 1 ! " Very," said I ; ."but is he kind to tito poor?", " Ile is," said Mike, "and to his old driver», if;they".'"do their duty, but if they ruin, a horse ho is.ont .with them in a jiffy. His way'of rewarding is by taking you off a wild, scanty ruad, and putting you on a good ono;, or by changing you from night to day duty. Ho tried me once, but I bet bim. I had to take some Rorses for him down inter Tipperary, and when I got near his house my ninney rnn short, mid [ went up to his lr use, lo'd iiíru my cilié, uv.d borrowed five shilling». 'BJ stiro jon joy it ngnin, my man,' says he, 'next time wi- nieot.' I thanked him, drove off, and BÍX months after this ho mot me somewhere about here, and got on my car to go as far as Clifden.' Now I, knew he had my five shillings down in his red pocket- book, and remembered it, so I wont up to him and said, ' Here's the five shillings, Mr. Bianconi, that I borrowed at Clonmel, and thanks to you." « Keep it, my good man,' said he, with n.pretty smile that did mc good. 'I like to see my. drivers remember their debts.' I'd as soon put, my head into a menngerio of wild bastes as seo him again if I hadn't." . ' , ,,v ; Our next passengers were two decent country-, women, with their gowns tucked up ; and their shawls drawn over their heads. ( It was getting cold, and as it grew cold wet grow silent, only now and then blurting out a sentence when we got down sullenly, with heads batting at the .bullying wind, to walk, slowly up a hill beside tho car. But it was every moment with Mike some kind; encouraging, cheery words. " Well, girls, how ore you by this time ?" cried Mike. A chorus of women, replied, " Och I dead entirely with the chill." " And if I sat like that," said Miko, reprov- ingly, "all tho timo iu the car wouldn't I bo as dead as the fur that was under mo?" then added, under breath, Thore's no worse driving than tho women, 'causo they never got out to spare the horse, poor craytur." With the exception of a dark avcmio just as we ontored Galway, which was rendered dan- . gérons by the rush of cars coming home: from the fair, filled with reckless, exhilarated country people, we' had no risks to encounter on our way to the semi-Spanish city where judge Lynch hung his own son. Wo had. traversod that day a wonderful pano- rama of Irish scenery, bog, coast town, arms of tho sea, lakes, and mountains-country wild as Siberia, ending in civilised city, with rich suburbs, packet station, and commerce. In tho morning, a stone-built whiskyehop ; in the evening, a civilised hotel, with conventional waiter, and all other sophistications. This morning, untrod mountains, miles of snipo track, and wild duck country ; to-night, paved streets, neat shops, and starry rows of eolumed lamps. It was like coming irom the thirteenth century into the nineteenth,^and I felt grateful for the change, yet pleased with my experience. . ,_ KxTitAOitDtNAUY LUNACY CASE.-A Commission"which; la-ted ilvo days, was lately concluded at Exeter. The Commission was oppned before Air. Commissioner Warren, and a jury composed of country gentlemen.' Tho petitioner wus Dr. Greenup, of Warrington, in Lan», or soire, and tho lunatic was Miss Phoebe Ewings, an old lady of eichty years of nge. Tho facts were briefly those:-In 1868, Alisa Ewings' sis'er died, and; the. bereavement much affected li-r mind. Sba was after- wards known tn moan, and to wander in a disconsolate manner through the street. In October, 18S.8, she was attacked with paralysis, from' wbiob she 'physically, recovered ; but it was alleged that her mind was entirely broken down. Shortly afterwards she had an,'attack of mania, and was confined in H ny dock Lu nat io ' Asylum. Here alto was said to bave delusions and morbid aver- sions; shu said that an attempt had boen mada to strangle ber. and that while in the asylum an attempt' had been made to convort her to Roman Catholicism,' &o.; Somo of ber friends, believing that she would be better if tomoved to n private residence, took her out of the nsylnro, and the Kev. H. T. Ellaoombe, her third oousin, who believed himself the next of kin, brought her to Exeter, cud placed her in lodgings with n Miss CoueotiH, with whom shs had formerly lodged. Dr. Simpler, a physician of eminence, having attended her before, was called in, and bu BAW tho old lady almost dnily. He appeared to, have acquired ootisidorabla influence over her, for a short time ago, he at her request, took instructions for a will, in whioh sho gava several legsoieB, and mado the doctor tba residuary legatee. Tho amount of the lopoeies was £1000, and tho remainder of her property amounted to £13,000. A will waa made from these instructions, but was sub sequently torn up and another ' will, prepared by Mr. Grny, solicitor, of Exeter, was made, in whioh the bulk of the property was left to Dr. Sbapter, and in the event of bis death, to hi-i eldest son and the rest of his children. Dr. Shaptor, however, immediately wrote to Mr. Beaumont, Miss Ewings' solicitor, at Waniogport, stating what tho old lady had done, but dedaring moBt emphatically that neither ho nor his children should ever take a single farthing under the will, notwith- standing ho thoroughly believed her to bo in a sound Btate of mind,' and quito capable of oxeaating a will. This Dr. Sbapter put in writing, aud communicated to several gentlemen, but failed to inform the Kev. H. T. Ellacombo of it, as ho had promised to do. It was con tended by the counsel for tho petitioner that this decla- ration of Dr. Shapter was a proof that ho did not con sidor Mies Ewing to be of a sound mind. Several witnesses were oalled, who stated that Miss Ewings' was of unsound mind. In answer to the petition, it was con- tended, and deposed to by several witnesses, that Miss Ewln"S had fully rcoovered from her attaok of mania ; that allowing for tho feebleness of old age, she was a lady of aversgo intelligence, of good rocmorj an«J Ruwers of observation ; and that, with regard to her bequest to Dr. Sbapter sho persisted in making it, saying that she had no relatives that she cared anything about, that none of them had aver takon. any interest in her, and that with regard to the petitioner, who bsd recently discovered himself to be next of kio, her family hid hl^* a lawsuit with bis, and that therefore she muon disliked bim. Dr. Sbopter was examined, and positively stated that he would na ver take any benefit under the will. Tho Commissioner and jury had an interview with Miss Ewing, and the latter unanimously pronounced bur of unsound mind ond incapable of managing hors ol f and her property. Tho ease created the utmost excitement in Exeter and tho neighbourhood. THE ENOMBII POOH-LAW.-Tho eleventh annual Tteport of ihe English Poor-Law Boord has boen issued. Tho total sum expended for the relief of the poor during tho year ended 20th March, 1668 was £0,879, 380, being less br £90,370 than tho sum expended during tho preceding year. Daring the-last quarter of a century the greatest amount expended fur tue relief of thc poor in any year was £0,317,900 in tho year 1831, and tho smallest £4,011,741 in the year 1837. During the some period tho retaper hendon tho estimated popu- lation avorog d Os. 3d. Thu total ntimbor of persons of all classes in receipt of relief on tho 1st of January. 1808, was 018,932. Of this ntimbor 38,0-15 wero insane, and 3110 vagrants, On tho 1st of Jantmiy, 186», the total number was only 802 078 of whom 30,309 were insane, and 2103 vagrants. Tho decrease of persons receiving relief on 1st January, 1800, as compared with 1808, was 87,038, or 0-1 pBr cent. Tho decrea«« in tho nvorago number of paupers of all olsssos in rcooiiit of relief at ono limo iu 1608, os compared with 1810 is lO'O per cent. ; and as regards able-bodied panpors tho decrease in 1808, as compared with 1811), ls 39-8 per cent. Tho return shows tho average number of children attending tho workhonso schools during tho half-year ended at Lady, doy, 1808, to be 17,880 boys auil 17,000 girls. During tho same poriod 1001 boys and 1311) girls attended tho district sohools--making a total of 37,808 ohildren attending tho workhouse and dli-trlct schools. A fearful tragedy was enaoted at Hamden, Delaware county, N. Y., on tho night of the Snd inst. A widow namod Margarot Gow, who had frequently given evidence of being insano, entered the sleeping room of her only son, William, about twenty-five years of age, and with a stone slung In a stoaltinn murdered him by beating bim nbout the head. Sho afterwards rep ired to tbe vicinity of lier daughter's honan, armed in tho sams manner, where thu was found evidently watching for an oppoitu tilly to repeat the turriblu net upon her daughter.-Col- on Journal, August 80. 