v SMITH WARD ÉLECTION. Yesterday evening a meeting of'tho friends and supp'orlcis of'Mr. ox- Couuoillor Story was con- verted1 at tho Canada Hotol, S« anston-stroet. Tho room in which the meeting was held was crowded, many persons being compeUcd to stand I in tho street. ' . Mr. Jennings, on being called to tho chair, stated the circumstances under which Mr: Stoiy, , thotlato loprcsentative of tho ward, liad resigned his ,seat, and said , that he was certain that all wpiild agieo with him that Mr. Story had always advocated thoir interests'for tho short timo ho .caùs'o'for calling the present meeting had arison, 1 because on tho former occasion'on winch Mr, .Story had been returned ho had boon, almost "unanimously elected, and by his conduct since had never given those who had elected him the least cause for complaint. ' Mr. Story, on rising! was rcooived with great cheering, and stated that ho had often been asked why he had resigned his ¡seat in the City Council. Ho, however, gave ciedit to most of thoso present for knowing tho reasons which in- duced him to take that stop ;> but, in ortlor that all should know, ho would briofiy, state tho cir cuinstauccs,' At the time he was elected 'ho was filling tho oflico of Assessor for Smith ,Ward," whicl) office lie was thon compelled to resign. Ho sent in his resignation in duo form, but as ¿hero was not,a quorum of tho membors of tho Council on that day, it could not be accepted. Ho thon went'.to his solicitor, who advised bim to take the full penalty for resigning his office-namely, £50 i- to tho Town Clerk, who, however, assured him ho could not take it, but at tho same time would bear in mind that the resignation had boon tendered. On the next day of mooting, both he, and Mr. Provôt, his former opponent, had met in tho. Council Chamber, and, aftor : nome discussion hod ensued, the Town Clerk Rtutod that ho (Mr.' Story) was legally elected. Mr. Provôt liad boon introduced by Councillor 1 Donovan, and in taking his scat had only acted lu accordance with the recommendations made by his Bohcitor. Tilings being in such a disagrocable stato/ho (Mr. Story) proposed to Mr, Provôt that they should both withdraw; but to that ar- rangement Mr. Provflt would not consent, and ' ho .took his seat; but on the first occasion of a division' being called for-which was on the jfoint whether or not ho could take his scat-ho withdrew. Shortly afterwards, however, it was held .that ho would bo obliged to voto, orelso i that.»as a stranger, ho could not bo allowod in the' Chamber. Subsequently, to his surprise, ho was summoned at the Supremo Court to show 1 caübo why ho 'should not resign his seat, as ho ?w as holding tho office of Assessor ; and the matter 'ended in his being finetl-ls. (Laughter.) During tho lime he had beon in the Council, ho had gone lound Smith AVard with another Councillor, and bael made an estimate of the cost of sundry im- provements which wero much nocdod. That esti- mate amounted to £5,000 ; but the Committee of Public AVorks reduced it to nearly £4,000. How oioiv various contracts would booh bo entered into by the Corporation, and the exertions ho hail inado would not bo altogether without good effect;" By an account which ho had that day I procured Iroin the City Treasurer, ho porcoivoa | that tho ward was indebted to the Corporation to tim amount of £21,609, that being tho overdraft of their account nineo tho year 1855. ne could say, that, for the short time ho was in the Council, lie had not been idlo, as ho had not contented liimsolf with only doing that which beforo his elec- tion ho had pledged himself to do, but had 011 doavoied to do, and partially succeeded in doing, a great doal moro. With refcrcuco to the sepa- ration of tho word from the Corporation, all he could say was, that ho, from the interest ho liad at stake, was as anxious for that eventos any per- son,'but' did not at the present time consider such a stop expedient, as the matter had not been fully considered, and was not ripe for docision. Mr. Green mentioned that at tho present time in Smith Ward there wore botweon 000 »nd 700 persons who wore deprived of their right of voting through their names not being on tho roll, and that they wero, genorally speaking, people inclined to separation. The present elec- tion would not, therefore, bo a real tost of tho feelings of tho citizens in tho ward. Mr. Story thought that It would bo as well to postpone tho question of separation until tho re- vision lists wero perfected. Mr. JOHNSON asked Mr, Story whether or not lio was in favor of separation ? Mr. Story said ho was, but not until the ward could seo its way clearly. ' A few, moro questions wero nut to tho candi- date, and after a vote of confiucnoo in him was passed, the mooting adjourned to the Bouvoria Btrcet Hotel, whoro ho again rendered an account of his proceedings whilst in the Council, and re- capitulated all tho various improvements which ho hod proposed, and still intended to have made in the word. 'Upon its being put that Mr. Story,was a fit and S roper person to roprcsont tho ward in tho City ouncil, not one dissentient voice was raised. A vote of thanks was thon passed to tho Chair- man, and tho proceedings terminated. A CHANCE FOR BARNUM.—A passenger from Humbolt (says the Trinity Journal) relates that when Captain Messec recently destroyed an Indian ranchería, one of his men—Hank Smith —entered a deserted hut, but came out a great deal faster than he went in, with each particular hair on end, and declaring that there was a ghost within ! The jests of the others induced the man to go back, but again he returned, more precipitately, and swore that there was a moving skeleton in the lodge. Afterwards an opening was made in the hut, and a living skeleton was discovered crouching under a basket—an ani- mated anatomy of skin and bones, 5 feet 6 inches high, which weighed but 16lb. ! The thing is declared to be a complete embodiment of death, without a particle of flesh discoverable either on the limbs or face, and that It was small enough at the waist of it to be spanned by a man's hand, yet capable of walking and intelligent action. The prisoners employ the skeleton man in mixing bread, in which his long bony claws exhibit con- siderable dexterity. So far as the credulity of our informant goes—and wo have no reason to question his veracity—the foregoing is no hoax ; he declares that he has seen the living skeleton, which will shortly be sent to the settlements as the greatest physiological phenomenon of the age. His captors believe that the attenuated creature is the consequencw of some unknown disease (a peculiar atrophy), which has slowly wasted the flesh without expelling life from its ghastly tabernacle. If that be the sort of enemy which Messc had to fight, we implore him to raise the siege and come home ; for even a "Texas Ranger" cannot be expected to encoun- ter Death and Hell."—San Francisco Herald. 