To the Editor of the Adver.tiier Bis,—A- correspondent who subscribes himislf "A Father," wonders where " tY>n cry agunal Stute Aid will end." X fihouH venture to tell him it will-end where it begin, Government Echoolma«ters hare nothing to fear, >ecul«r elueation and what it frequently 'ermed mli*ious inMructioii, are two very distinct things. AU phllantropists patriots, and political economists are igrced that it ia the du'.y of the Sute to protide a sound education for the rising generation i stsscsmen are ctftning to the conclusion, that the pretention of crime is 1™ expensive than the puniihrnert of criminals Those who arc in no THJT indifferent to religion, entertain the opinion that the State in no right t» intcrlcre with it, except to protect ita professors, in common with the rest of the community. The mo*t devoted ehri-tiaos, regard fita'e ^id,and the connection termed Churoli and State, aa the great, est corse that could psssibl* befal Chriati «m(r. Very earnest Christians think bis Sutanlc Msjesty exercised his utmost ingenuity in rff-ctine thi* union. Historians and candid readers nf history, rfgEfSSitstfcal factVfoodly Jfui-"..'^ to Ve tipht. The rationalist and the downright aceptla assert the Fame. State Aid in thia rolonj is a great absurdity. What do we understand by State Aid to relieion in Tasmania} The maintenance of certain teachers, whore sentiments are a> widely apart from earh other aa any two extremes can pouibly 6e. The politician who would advocate ths continuance of such a stRte of thinps is undeserving of the name he bears. The people's repiesentmtive must forget hie position, when be supports the rontinuance of Stats Aid, as it is understood among us. Religion, when riehtly understood and duly regarded by its professors, will be propnrlv •attained The sincere «nd talented minister of religion fan have nnthine tn fear, if he hu collected ronnd him a flick who can at>pttciate bis »erviMs,The man whokas engaged in relition and who hna mt secured such « flock, tbe anoner he abandons :Ve work the better. The Church will do better without than with him, and he may be nti-fied that he was never de»tened by the Great Jehovah for the office into which he thrus's himself, or into which he was thruit by mistaken friends. The people's representatives outrht to remember that their duties con«i<t in the mak - Jng •flaws with the view of securing our •octsl welfare, and the jaising nf a revenue for tha maintenance of the public service, and that this last should be done in the least oppressive manner, and wilh the most rieid •connmy. It« strange—Tea, passing strange »nat vagaries occupy men's minds someume» ! It is but a short time aeo when Mr Chapman expressed himself in favor of the aiscominuanceofthis absurdity, to which I have referred, and afterwards lie Would have had as tliik that •J® termed religious teachers are » black police whose services cannot be dispensed with by the State. By ihe bye, be would temove them altogether from State control, and yet he would tax the public for their support. The people of Itsly complained of Austrian rule or rather misrule, . Were wnr " 5 lh « n wh " M • Chapman would impose upon us, we cannot bljme Vic. Kir Emanuel fir havir.g invoked the aid of the "each despot to chaniie the Austrian tyrant. « ^eltgioua teaching in to form a part of •at Tasaanianpolicy,let a commission bein- •ututvd, and let true religion be defined, and " ™J 'etchers of relision are to constitute out blatk coated police, let tbe commisinners t» fully satisfied that the men they appoint «« up to the mark—that they are oorrcct m the sentiments tbey are expected to inculcate; thM their dispositions, manners, and acquirement, arc such ti to secure for them the respect and attention ol the people, where thy a>e to be located. If this is not done, •M there ate sodalities among ma, who think ttlltl^e present ataff of religious teachers, ought to be supported, let them raise sustention funds among thenselvea for this purpose, hut let no general tax be imposed upon while the united v ice of the public ia »" u >' t it. "A Father" may rest satisfied, «t»t if ihe Church of Knsland, support tbeir own mmisters, and the Churcbes of Borne of Scotland do the same, the Church of U>n»t, will progress mare fully, than if all were dependent upon license fee*, or wine, •Pint, or beer taxes, (aye, or e«o taxes upon «•« and sugar,) for their supp rt. He need »ot be afraid that the people will cry Sk e ?V n,t lke diffusion of education in «e public schools, or of uselul knowledge w Mechanics' or Working-taem'a Institutesf, , uer may have a son whom he may de. •mtoiejinth. Miniatry, and maintsined at the publu expense, and that sou maybe »s™ that he is moved by tha ttoly Ghost to take upon himself the offic* abhnstian tcicher, butifhe h«s n«better J5v! W m h " 1 m,rel y 10 obtain a atipend out «tfie Treasury Chest.it were much better ™ h ' m > tll »t he were n»v„er burn, and ha Z JirVl? Maimed more by the Great Head ; o the Church, if be were an ordinary grave a,Corporation atone breaker, than (UchaUinisier. Yours, Brail Cuuucmk 