OUR FUTURE GOVERNMENT TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Your article this morning has struck the knell of the O'Shanassy Government. There is no doubt they are dead, and, for the usual reasons the sooner they are buried the better. Permit me, however, to suggest that you may be too sanguine, and too general in your conclusion when you say that the elections have returned clear majority of declared Opposition members which would be to say that there are the old materials for a regular Government to be formed out of a compact organised Opposition. What next? is the question of the day. Are we to have a strong and respeo£ablolGovernment or a succession of ricketty and ridiculous ones? From the frying-pan into the fire we can scared fallows were scorched long ago ; but from the fire to the ash-pit are we to show that alacrity in sinking a Looking closely, and making the next step in your daily analysis of the composition of the new House, I see a painful probability off, long reign of confusion. You are unquestionably light when you say there is an overwhelming majority against Ministers. But is that majority agreed upon any common "platform!" Say Mr. Ebden were Minister ; the majority against him would be more decisive than that which will encounter Mr. O'Shanassy. An Ebden Government seems to me as impossible just now as an O'Shanassy Government just now! The two gentlemen united-if they will unite might, it may be, command a, majority; separator; each must be a failure. Give me space to venture on lists to show this: Mr. O'Shanassy's supporters are precisely 21 -the five Ministers, and Messrs, Anderson Aspinall, Newton, Macadam, Henderson' Howard, Humffray, Brodie, Carpenter, PheUi' Prendergast, Myles, Hadley, Bennett, and J. T Smith. Some of these gentlemen would declare for more advanced opinions, if the personal ties of party or private fealty were removed by a change of Ministry Messrs. Anderson and Aspinall, fit example. But I think I have not set down any person in this list, or excluded any person from Jt, without the full authority obtained from ores- - tion addresses and speeches. Now, take Mr. Ebden's supporters, or. rather those who are known to approximate closest to him in opinion. They amount to about a dozen-. Messrs. M'Culloch. King, Embling, Road, Snod fines, Henty, Mollison, M'Leod, Johnson, Fire In nee, M'MiUau, Carr, and Lyall. There are rather better than a dozen other gentlemen was would undoubtedly prefer Mr. Ebden to Mr. O'Shanassy, if they must have one or other, but who at the same time are pledged to opinions on. the land question far in advance of of any Mr. Ululen has given expression to. Of these the representative man is Mr. Michie, and Mr. Michie being, it seems, out of the question, it is Mr. Nicholson who will lead them. I catalogue these as Messrs. Michie, J. D. Wood, Harrison, Johustemo, Francis, Woolley, Mackintosh,- Verdon, Sinclair, Service, Cowie, M. L. King, Lalor, Heales, and Amsinck. These two parties united form only a body of 30 members, including the two leaders ; or, if we add Messrs. 3'j so and Keefor (which I do not think we are justified in doing, for they are claimed as more advanced Liberals), a body of 32-a hopelessly a small minority in a House of 78 Members. Twenty-eight members, then, remain to be accounted for, and if I am right in assuming that the great bulk of these belong to neither of the ordinary parties, but are bound together by common views on the land question, I think I prove my case that the old Parliamentary Oppy tition have not carried the elections, and that of themselves, they are scarcely in a position to form a Government. I will call these the Land Re- formerb-Messrs. Duffy, Hood, Bvorard, Caldwell, Loader. Brooke, Grunt, Barton, Houston, Wilkie, Casino, Woods, Sergeant. Bailey, M'Olol land, Don, Frazer, O'Hea, Lock, Gillespie, and Hunter. There remain the Speaker, and Dr. Thompson, Russell, and L. L. Smith, who, with the marvellous Milner Stephen, I confess myself unable to place, but who are pledged generally is Radical, it not rowdy, votes. The resulted my estimate may be summed up thus :- '' O'Shanassy party . 20 i Land reformoT. 21 Ebden's friends. 14 Nicholson's friends 18 Doubtful. 4 Speaker. i I may be wrong. If, however, I am right, the moral of my story is pretty plain; there maybe a coalition, as The Argus has maintained from the. sun M., o-oiimiiissy began to shake. The several leaders may grudge the relinquish ment of a crotchet hero and a dislike there, but the colony must give them no choice. We can not afford a Macbeth panorama of the ghosts of kings-a series of editions of the Constitution railing "dead from the Press eternal change, and that only from bad to worse. We must have a strong Government, formed of men who, as in England, can accomplish honest compromises. Yours, September 30. NEMO. 