raoxnros of the ncsmv hit as rfvt ._ . ... ; (From tho Era.) ? mere, it's all over. The great ovent has coma and gono, and tho Registrar- General alone could supply us with the statistics of tho hats and handkerchiefs; salads and sandwiches, fowls and forks, joints and jokes, nies andpaloalo, coots and crinoline, winning and wheels, hearts and appetites, money and mystery, that havo gono off for ever along with it. It would take all tho clerks in ma ueparimeni; ovory nour in their day for a twelve month, nnd all tho drops of ink in their various inkstands, to computo the number of corks alone that were drawn on tho Downs of Epsom on this most memorable of all Wednesdays in the year between the rising and tho sotting of tho sun, from the aristocratic cork that has crowned the bottle of iced champagne to tho more plebeian plug that has liberated the lukewarm fluid imprisoned in tho humble bottle of ginger-beer ' Show me the company you keep, and I'll tell you what manner of man you are,' said the old social philosopher, and in a kindred spirit of sagaolty do wo declare 'Show usthecorksthatyoudonotkoep, and wo will toll you what manner of company you havo had.' Profound is tho phi osophy of corks; groat is the antiquity of their extraction; and marvellous in thoir mystery aro they as symbols of great genial gatherings. If ever that long oxpected New /eaiander should get tired of sitting upon tho broken; fragment of London bridge, and got to geological explorations about tho hills of Surrey, He will find In tho fossil corks accumulated through tho succes sivo 'Derbys' of conturios upon the fields of tho Isthmian games of England, evidence of an amount of mingled thirst Jand jollity upon that spot which will enablo him to trace with unorring fidelity tho nature of the men, means, manners, drinks, and diversions for which tho nineteenth century was remarkable Apart from all its sporting significance, the Derby Day must bo regarded as a grand National Institution. Like love, tho; grave', and'a-liordmattrass, it puts all mankind foroncoatleost.on tho samo lovol. Tho peer and tho pickpocket have for the nonco'tho samo object in view, and tho links of tho socinl chain nro connected through the Courso in one unbroken lino. From the palace to the 'pot-house;' from tho west-end club to tho cost end cobbler's stall ; from tho great betting corner of Tattorsall's to the little privato swoop in the snug par lour, thoro has boon an interest created which affects with, equal oxcitoment tho wholo community. It is n great and a good thing to havo one day in the year, at least whon all England can bo stirred by one kindred impulse. Thore is not a town, scarcely a village, in the kingdom, whore, for the last threo months, tho' Derby' has not been tho thomo of discussion. Giles Chawbacon, as ho has wendod hla way homeward from theplouchod field, by tho light of the sotting sun, has stepped into the village 'publlo' just to learn tho latest stato of tho odds with as much interest in tho ovont as tho Marquis of Piccadilly has evinced at tho Megatherium Club; and from Land's End to John o'Groat's thero havo boon thoughts and wishes, hopes and fears, directed towards tho world-famod spot which havo mado it tho control point of as many mental tolcgraphlo linos sonding their thrilling intelligence homo to ovory heart in Britain. The longest of days, therefore, bo tho day of thoDerbv,' and on it mav no sun over sot. Beforo tho railway ran to Epsom, as woll as every thing and evorybody o]se, tho annual duty that had to bo got through by tho descrlbor of tho Derfcy ' doings' was, if not an easy task, at least a plain ono. He took tho road, and tho road took him, pleasantly enounh through the column or two of his lucubrations. Now to follow the dlvidod stream of tho vast population that London pours forth on to the course, ho ought to bo, after tho cerberus fashion, ' threo gontlomen at once.' Like tho man in tho play, ho does perceive hero ' a divided duty,' and tho train of his thoughts ought to run on tho trams of tho railroad, as woll as In tho ruts of tho road Plain proso is miserably inadequate to do justice, how ever, to tho multiform foaturea of London's great Sport ? ing Carnival, so let us endeavour to call up tho promi nont foaturOS of tho nnnnrnmn flint nidaml hnf/teA »„.. eyes somewhat after that glib fashion in which tho hero of tho five thousand and ono osconts of Mont Blanc was i wont to rattloofThis description of the sconory on both banks of tho Rhino. Borrowing, therefore, for this occasion only, tho tuno nnd tone of Mr. Albort Smith, we will, In tlio most conciso, colloquial, and coin-' prohensivo manner, thus furnish our rhyming libretto to the great Ulormnn of the Derby; ' ' Air— 'Downfall or Taris.' - .:..,. lip who wants to spend a day in making tho experiment, ' Of cramming It and jamming it with humour, fun, and mer WIII 1 take i out of the calendar the day that Is tho very one, T\J turn It Into a festlvul and make It a right merry one. Up at dawn, as noonus morn, and doing tho respectable, rack up In tho hampers all tho eatables delectabfe, . .'?- . Drag Is at tho door, In thero goes ft store, ^ ? - -? -'-? Enough to last a garrison a six weeks' uteee or more. Packing, cracking, nothing laokW, ?uurry-sourry, worry, flurry, Dressing, pressing, that's a blessing I . ,_ , All Is ready sure. 'Tiren treachery and perfidy on suoh a rim in urbe day Not down upon tho Derby Day to travel as before, neautlos orBplgravIa with a fashionable style about them, Splondidln their tollottcs (they havo been a preoioui while about them), Ilonded to their places in tho gaye.«t of oostumery, Leave behind them traces of pjtohoull and perfumery. City olerks who monthB ago arramjod to have a jolly day, Itcgret 'a dreadful hoadaoho' will force them to tako a uoll And Join a social throng, with whom they go along, ? AH oomlng It In stylo that Is denominates ' strong.' Smoking, Joklnp, luck Invoking, '. Tipping, sipping, tripping, whippiDg, Situation at: he station '?''.. , . .,,, . . Sarao as many more. ?Twero trcaohory and perfidy on suoh a ri« -u urbe day, To mlsi upon the Derby Day tho fun we had before. And now you get your ticket with a precious deal of sqneez ing Tori', Feel a draught, and then ba chaffed for sitting there and ; BncezftMrfbrlt; Elbows wedged in cither side, and on your knees and toes a Bit wijh both tho windows down, compliant with proposal Joly singlo gentleman who ought to be a doublo one, Tramples on your fuvourlto com. and sorry is to trouble on*. Scream and Bteam, and to whlizlng on wo go, London left behind us by a dozen miles or so. ltushlng, crushing, laughing, lushing, Through llio final station pushing, Talking, walking, running, punning, Funning all tho way. Eager for the fun and sport, and feeling that there Is In short No festival In all the year to match the Derby Day. But, in order to relish the full enjoyment of the pro sent, let us cloar our palate with a flavoir fr*m tho past. Eighty years ago Diomcd won tho first Derby. It was a littlo puling, muling Derby, then, with just thirty-six subMribers; now, in the one that has made ttujid famous among quadrupeds, hundreds are. used in the' counting.- Yet, though octogenarian, the .Derby, as a festival, .wo believe to bo hardly boyond its childhood — that years and years must pass away to bring abolit Its primo, and that centuries must elapso before the boldest caviller shall presumo to hint at its decay. Look at the following record of ifs earlier days, which we snip out of a tlrao-stalnod column ortbo Morniiy O/ironicle, for Mav 30th, 1789, when that old gentleman before us was lustily calling for pap in his cradle, and lapping It and calling for his maternal parent like a veritablo talk ing fish:— ; ; :.,-.. . . '_?', . : 'BPSOM RACKS. . The third meoting yesterday at this race ground was attended by a moro numerous attendance of fashion nnd fortune than this turf has received for several years past. About ono o'clock his Royal Highness tho Prince of VVules, accompanied by tho Duke .f Clarence and Mrs Htzhorhert, arrived in tha Prince's carriaco s and after ino royal brothers had mounted their horses, tho sports of tho field commenced. Tho first race was for tho third and last year of tho Derby Stakes, of 50 guineas each, half forfeit, which was won bv tho Duko of Bedford's .Skyscraper, against Mr. Wastell's Sir George, who came in second, and four others. 'The next raco was for jEfiO, and was won with easo by Mr. Hailes's bay maro Tulip. ThoDukoofYorkwss on tlio turf yesterday, but did not quit hin carriaee; the Duko of Queensberry, Lord Derby, Sir Charles Bunbury, and other sporting characters worn present.'. The reporter was wrong as to its being the last year of the raco. but possibly it was then so intended. It is more difficult ; to explain or excuse his calling it tho third year from 1780, but then tho gentlemen who attended to tho sporting department wore not so particular as they are now. Just think, however, «f the precarious modo or then getting to tho course, compared with tho present case, speed, and safety, the time then taken to transmit to Interested parties the news ofsucccss.andtho rapidity with which it is now flashed to tho most distant places : and the meagre roport, of which wa havo given a speci men, compared with tho copious and correct descriptions of our own day. Seen from this point of view, theDerby Is a perpetual register of tho world's scientific progress. Rapidly, do wo note tho changes that tho intervening year lias brought with it, but they are but- few. Tho brand Stand has moro faces looking down from It than ever; tho ' Rubbing House' has been rebuilt, with tho addition of a balcony running round tho frontage, and you aro served from bohlnd a bar, fitted up and decorated m tho approved town fashion. Tho canvas tents spread over tho grassy slopes mako tho mind revert to the scones being enacted in Austrian Italy, nnd ought to have made all thankful to bo present at encounters which to their most ardent followers could only entail pecuniary losses, leaving them free from tho dire effects and bereavements uuonuanL upon savngo war. The horizontal funnels through which adventurous youths were shooting for handsful of nuts enjovod a popularity which could not bo accounted for upon tho supposition' that tho marksmen were trying their skill for such trivial prizes. It was tho volunteering spirit responding to tho Laureate's call of Form, riflemen form,' and overy youth who had a nut was only looking forward to bo a colonel. What a porpotual freshness Is In tho air of the Downs, and in tho sight of tho old long familiar objects, seen year after year in tho same motley groups, nnd yet always striking upon tho eye with the forco of novelty There thoy all are again, the peripatetic vendors of gin gerbread nuts, cocoa, nuts, Brazil nuts, Barcelona nuts and spice nuts; tho sellers of brandy balls, that have novor had an interview with tho exciseman ; and tho dispensers of peppermint lozenges— fancy a man going to Epsom to havo a day's dissipation on poppermlnt lozonges; the sellers of shrimps— what would a Lon doner's hjliday be without shrimps? and tho old bearers of tho basket variously filled with stale buns, warm sandwiches, and mysteriously-manufactured Banbury cakes. There, too, aro tho Itinerant diverting vagabonds in active pursuit as over of tho multifarious branches of thoir rospectivo callings, tho bands of Ethiopian min strels with their burnt- corked visages, and broken banjos, and greasy tambourines, nnd bones of dreadful note, up in the latest novelty of Christy minstrelsy, and still clinging in firm faith to the older popular ditties of tho sable fraternity; there are tho children on stilts, walking about with caps in mid air, for tho depositor superfluous halfpenco, an* inspiring small people In tho crowd with envy by their obvious advantages of position for seeing the whole running of tho horses from their portablo ' Grand Stand.' There are tho men who ask you to try your weight and try your strength ; tho suc cessful scientific innovator of last year, who' walks about with a small battery, and gives you an electric shock and a smart twingo for a penny; the sotter-up of old Aunt Sally, now announced to bo ' under the patronage of tho nobility and all the crowned heads of Europo ?' tho proprietors of sparring-booths, where practical lessons in tho noblo art of solf-dofence are given for the behoof of those who may stand in ncod of them on thoir road homeward; tho peripatetic showmen, who carry tho drama about with them in a box, and go through tho wholo plot of an exciting melodrama, favoured with tho appearance of a ghost by way of climax, all for the small charga of ono penny, and the up lifting of half-a-dozen pasteboard scenes, in which they Iitorally 'havo the pull' of London managers; there are the pyramidal acrobatic brothers, who, In tight fleshings and spangled belts, take thoir whole family circle up on their arms, heads, and shoulders, and show a noblo example of supporting a family without paro chial aid, under the heaviest pressure; tborocarc i tho clover speculators in human credulity, who show you tbo ' curus'est trick as ovor was done with three cards,' and defy, you to discover which is the 'jack o' diamonds' amongst them ; and thore, in short, are all the gipsies, tho shoe-blacks, tho penny brushors, tho young shavers and profossors.of overy variety of sport,, legal 'and illegal, that give such a cblounng'to the great national gathering, and Buggest 'equal misgivings as to how thoy nil got thore, and how they will all got back again Nevertheless, considering with tho bard, ? - ' How nanr things by season seasoned are To their right praise and due perfection, there is not ono wo could honestly wish away, and not ona but thore seemed to bo fulfilling his mission in tho right place and tho right manner. The refreshing rains of the previous day, that had laid the dust and given tho turf its elastic, springy ro sistance, so welcome to tho feet of thoso who had only traversed the pavement of town for months before, seemed to have made somo.scoptical of tho sunshine, and umbrellas wore rifo upon tho courso. Marvellous, how ever, were the various uses to which thoy wero put, from their adaptation as sun- screens to tho rondy conveyance from place to place of viands enclosed within their bogey folds. The pickpockets— tbo self-organised Epsom riflo corps — were in full marching order on the ground, but they moro often missed their aim than thoy expected, and the greatest loss that we heard of was that of tho late visitor, who had lost fifteen trains beforo ho had got down. .--Of.the road homo what can be said that has not been said beforo in thoso columns ? Tho recurrence of tha samo incidents in tho samo places; tho simultaneous rush to the rail of all who havo got return tickets, and who, individually and collectively, seoinod to bo actuated by a spontaneous rosolvo to bo the first to toll in town tho wondrous story of the Derby of 1859 ; tho putting together of tho complicated machinery that had brought others to tho courso, a process only to bo compared with thob'owlldcrment of childhood over its first puzzlo; and tho Btarting ot tho30 who wanted to bo on tho move early; and tho rcsistanco to locomotion exhibited by those poor animals that manifestly did not want to bo on the move at all— mado up the details of n break up of tho vast assomblago which another Frith may hcroaf ter find it worth his while to paint as a scquol to that pictorial Derby which last year was the cynosure of admiring eyes within thowalls of tho Royal Academy. There was the usual chock, block, and dead look at tho Cock at Sutton ; tho customary amount of ' chaffing ' going on between the rival oimpetitors for tho possession of tho road, and who divided themselves into two oppos ing armies, ono bolonging less to the Austrian than the four-horso-trUn department,' the annual stoppage at Kcnnington gate and interchange of rapid compliments payers, and the sumo doublo. lino of shouting, soliciting, and saltatory spectators assombled to greet the throng on'-, ..their ' retura, nnd who invariably seom to consider tho next best thing to going to tho Derby themselves is to see those who nave gone. Long after thosunset, in the quiet starlight, up tho country road, and with the evtning air laden with tho delicious per .fu,niQB_of.the wild flowers and tho May blossoms, the rattle of returning, wheels was still heard, and many a head reposing on its quiot pillow at Clapham must have been roused out of a first sleep by tbo inspiriting sound of the passing horn and the loud song of some inspirited partias who had rejoiced on hearing tbe namo of tho winner. The ebbing tide of tho metropolitan po pulation was returning over London and Waterloo bndgos till long after midnight, and as wo fervently believe from tho breaks-up and the- breaks-down that wo witnessed, there are many, yet who, like Gilpin's ' hat and-ig.,'-aro still upon the road, and who will only find thetr way back to their proper -quarters long after this rapid record of their adventures and misad venturos has penetratod to tho remotest corner of the kingdom.' .?..?. . .; ? . 