NEW SOUTH WALES. By the City of Sydney and North am, via i„ Melbourne, ™ wc I,.™,- have mlnmnl colonial news! newe' papers to the 14th inst. } Mr. Loader has been elected for j ... , ,.> - , I „•..,„ Liverpool Plains by a large over Mr. Busden. ! rom the summary of ,nteliigence ; prepared by the S M. Herald fo traus- • mission to Ilurope by the Ivortbam, we \ ,7 , . J , . , ' .,.„ extract the followmg relating to tbo , S E S ' Z n S y . l ^ i X ; ^ the colony | n • J Mr. Ledger : - ! ^ i w r j i.. ' Dpring During the past week Mr. Ledger has j. started from bydney - Sydney • ' - • ' on \- - a tour of; depasturing the flock of llamas and alpucas, now the property cf tbis country. He will commence the iBspection of tbc country alone tbo Southoru road, which I Will follow as far as Yass, whence he vvill will ntrikc strike out eastward for the Maneroo Muneroo instructions to procecd on this tour were given by the Miuister for Lauds and Public Works, some three mouths ago, soon after tbc flouk was purchased by the Government; but Mr." Ledger | beeu detained at 1 ivcrp.,,,1, principally J through the greater uttcution which tl^o I animals have require ! wlule lamLiug. I . j !,- t i „ there being a diu.ri uce of two mouths (i,'i = . , , ,, • .„ . in the season between this country uud . c .. i, ,., „ „ „ . that from which tbeycime. Atewot , i i i i , . .. .„„. i the lauibs have perished, but tbo rest . \- 1 is tl ' ' are strong and healthy There is the j lees cause tor regret at the delay, be- ! came Mr. Ledger will now have the opportunity of forming an estimate of the pastoral capabilities of the country in its worst—the winter—seasou. Mr. Ledger is furnished both by thcGovon.- , = , . , - j'*j i i„. ment and private individuals with let- . • . r , .. . j ters of introduction to persons engaged • iug are over the settlers be boto I able to afford those facilities for cxamin- j . i • v i -ii country which tie wm rcqunre. The flock of alpacas are for the present depasturing near Liverpool, having been romoved to Moorbank, on tlie opposite side of St. George's river, in order to obtain better fodder. They are .?lltlmv.ng,audtheexper,,nentof thc.r introduction hitherto promises we 1 for | the propagation of.be a paca, and the ! successful producti,n of the wool these colonics. A lew female llanias were recently imported into the «dj«B-; nig polony, and aa applet,on has heen received by tbe government for one of j , p n , - the m e alpacas of our floe-k for he pur- ; poses o breeding ^ e believe that the application has been favourably entertamed, but tbat no answer bas yet been returned. The despatch of a single male alpaca will not, however, effect thej ob- ; ject intended, as the propagation »f the j pure alpaca from female llamas can only be accomplished bv a course ot systematic cross-breeding. b But as the encouracet . , , , " meut of a new branch ot comnicrcc * , , ,i f .i i • throughout B tbe whole ot these colonies, I , • . r .1 by means of the prop-igauon of he • alpaca was the principal mot ive with the , legislature in authorising the purchase r B , „ , ° . .'„ , of the flock, the government wtll proba- ; My to disused to render our neighbours ; sucu assistance as tUey may irom time to i time require. Tbe Herald protests against tbc erection of Moreton Jhy into an independent, colony until the share of that district in the debt of the colony lias been determined. Our cmtcinp -ravy says :— The positive announcement in tbe Morning Chronicle that Moreton Bay bas been erected into a new colony, and tbat Sir George b\ Bowcn has been appointed the first giivernnr, would almost warrant tbe belief that tbis long anticipated changc is at hand. Still, considering tbat tbe Jaw officers of the (>own warned the home government of the impropriety of giving that separat.i-m without some parliamentary act for the adjustment of tli > fh'hi, trc can scarcely think that tlicaltair in s i nearly arranged. For two or three years pist «c Invc rce-sived by almost every po.-,t,, assurances tbat the thiug was all but done, ami a series of names have been given as of persons to whom w uld he entrusted tho government of tb^ now colony. these statements have oficu been given, apparently upon high authority, and have sometimes professed to be communications direct from the Colonial office. Vet month after month, and year after year have parsed away without the realisation of such promises. We are therefore not quite so convinced as many that tlie separation is finally determined. Of course on many accounts it is desirable that iMoreton Bay should be f-cparated from tbis colony. There are, doubtless, inconvcniencosconnected with the government of a distant placc, and unfortunately ihe time is past for the application of retneJics which were within the power uf the legislature, and which might have deferred for a long time a separation, upon the whole disastrous. The only UfC of referring to these circumstances is to notice tbo warning they give, because there are other parts nf the colony whose interests and wants aro equally unrepresented. It is necessary that self-government should be more extended, and tbat means should be found to commit to bands appointed by the inhabitant: themselves tho ulanagcineut of their ovn affairs. Unless this be done wo shall find an outcry for separation, urisiug in other quartew, and certainly not less deserving of regard. There ore questions connected with . the pyMtation of Moreton Bay deaply interesting t.n this country. We have im;<jr'e(l—flnt is, (he entire representative !m !v—a vi'iy c<>>i» dorabhj •'elil Fm- t ... ;nt debt the entire t«iTii"i"y is It is the object of the patriots of Moret m Bay lo throw as much as possible the burden upon the residuury of the colony—to go scot free from all _ mistakes of the past, and to carry with them all the advantages which they liave l a derived from their neighbour- ™ — U od to tllls ': try, winch hassupp led " i"" 1 '"'(•••i-——•-"•> ? nearly all their capital. It is useless to look to penpla so situated for .y ,ikc j^uJe. They have a ^tcm of their own, and would c > tb(.1Ilseue9 not only fortunate their fair pro- .. , . , , ° ... portion of lie burdens which they ^ carryJng ' " ^ -urrod and car^ipg off the S™'™ rea,cr P" 0rtl0n ortion of " f tlle ^ terr,t 'ffi'^.f ,ry 11 - 1 ,!!^ enme to pass, then, tbat in default ot ^ P ' , ^ J h ' our present resources, new taxes, must Biott l - ( , lf . l ' ie t P^iple ^ o . ^ permitted—if an extraneous power is to ! ^ , , .,, .. .„ „ - interfere and to withdraw from the resi- 0 11 It is ill tliis form that tho question will come home to the inhabitants of the middle district and tbc poiplo of ~ , Tl . . . , ^ »P 6,and f «" d t ^ o , some day once and for all whether they will pay new taxes or incur the odium of insolvency. It is our duty at once to protest »g»>n^uch a partition of the debt as anuuf a 1,urdlia " u I ,on Ncw „ , a s J ". ,.„ ... U , 1 , J '.' re " B ,. stl " ^,es . t ' on ' and that is, the disposal ot the territory .... , ' . .,r . , , itself—where is the line to be drawn : T„ ,. , ... t If, according to sortie exorbitant per.ions . |= „ , ,, , ,• . the Colonial office shall draw the line at „,. , „ . . . ... . , . parallel, then it will be tho duty of J*arirame»t"frT cuter"a protesVand ( . , . . , , I to declare that the burdeu of the debt and the disgrace of its non- payment I must fall upon the British authority, which has consented to au act so t.yran- ^ - ^ h e r from 1 degrees of b.i^de Mripp-j of N W 0 , 'l , .„ ® f I Wales, while the delit will be moved 1)aek by (|l0 ^ ailtlimilyj ani, Iie; with increasing pressure upon the residuary population. Are gwe to submit to this irifliGBt muotittryiicc ? To support tbc credit of the country d ;(s , is | 0f taxation to which we would ,im. ^ when J5Wtistl g0. vcrnm,„t j,;tl!rfl,rC9 Bnd wwsta from UB tlle ,prn(l)rT) „,ld lllu ,evcnue connected ; ^ ^ . eilllel, b tbe Costomg salc of ja,ld it seeins ai)surd fihnulJ submit to bear tbe r , , t „ , i, „,,i pressure of the ile-ht, or that we should ^ k such'measnres as will bring Ulfi crod;t at tUc door of l(le p ^ f , d a col l ho n,- . , • , •• ti:„f-<i i. f ^ P u U l c to " J 0 ; a , ! e e d th>t tlle Milliste,.s 'f ooIol bave consPntcd L„ a ceH.din ana^gemont! We have W n u a,rea4 (h a . „ u . ' . „„ e „ a ' compact 1 with the members ot tbc i ,, . ,! . , , , . | north, and that the scheme to which ., . .. thEv cave thoir sanction was the price ^- ^ ^ fcup.,w.t Jljicll lhera tlleir 60ata."WiU lUe ,, , . , ,.r „ nev; I-'ariiamenf consent to ratify these . ? ^ u y bave hec= c|,nsrn tr) ,. ircMQt tlle iatorejt.s 0f t,)fi colony at large, especially those who will have t > pay the d»bt, pass over in silunce past trjnsactious in reference to tbe subject. ? Wc all remember that precious bill which was hroimht into tbe house professedly to make an equitable settlement of tlio debt. We all kuoiv with what facility it went tor.iugh its first stages; how it was maintained aLd defended, and we all know with what ignominy it was scouted at, last. It matters but little into who=e pockets tbc salaries allotted to our government officials may fall. Tlie squabbles of party are of slight c >usequencc to the people, but it is of immense moment to know whether, while we are in dauger of losing tho most valuable of onr territory, we are to have thrown back upon us the full pressure of the debt. We" are not going to question the power of tbc Crown, or the authority o the Imperial Parliament. - It is doubtless all regular and simple for the Orown to t ike away the territory and for the Parliament to impose the debt, but we li.ive at least the right of protesting. Wc have at least the claim to set ourselves right with the public creditor—to put before those who have entrusted the whole colony with their money, upon the faith of the British government, tbe change which will transpire in the nature of their securities. It will bo for then to represeut their claims when the mischief has bcon done. It would he madness to suppose that any violent exercise of tbe prerogative, or any arbitrary interference uf Parliament binds, the colony to quiet submission—that the individuals who oompo-c tbo colonial community, are to be personally responsible lo the public creditor. We lotiq agu stated our case. If the ministers havo not chosen to listen, wc hove no doubt, we shall find oars more, attentive in tho Parliament which is shortly to assemble, wlrcti wiil at least pay soine regard lo tbe claims of the people whom they are cxpccted to tax." Tbe same journal thus refers to tbe division wbicd has occurred in tbe ranks of tbe Liberal party :— " The disappearance of the old offioial party lias left tbe 'liberals' in possession of the stage, and now affairs assume a shape which the least sagacity and experience would have enabled all to fora- Bee. The Nemesis or success now purthe victorious ft^ee from j tbc pre-Mire of external enemies, they bave leisure to nurve:y each other l.ike a lininiT ins crew in an open boat aud far dii-tant. fiv.tn the Lud, they begin to whisper 'lots;' or, to employ another aud more pleasing figure, a table is spread, and tl ere are covers for a 6xed number of guests, but the candidates for participation are more numerous than the places, and it becomes a question who shall enjoy the fruits of victory. "We have thus a division in the ' Liberal camp/ Those who bave, by some process not very intelligible to the public at large, deemed themselves entitled to the exclusive appropriation, or at least to an arbitrary distribution, of the prizes of public employment., are beginning to utter loud wailing. Tboy deprecate division. They impute inconsistency. Tiiere are shrill cries of treason. Sfen whom they have eulogised as patriots of the first water, and whose motives aud ohnracter it was deemed wrong to suspect, are now eove>ed by tbcm with loathsome epithets, and the world is invited to join in the hunting and bowling; but the world is indifferent. Rather disposed to acquiesce in these mutual denunciations, to admit their truth, aud to dcclare tbat for once crimination is not calumny, the world is disposed to look on with quiet enjoyment and to wait the event. '• It is ic vain to say that the ' Liberal cause' is imperilled—that is, if it depends upou the extent of the suffrage and the direc'' action of the uneducated classes of the people. It is in vain now to talk of ' privileged classes,' of 'monopolists,' of 'Tory conspiracies,' and to conjure up those ghosts which have answered their purpose and become obsolete and contemptible. Tho naked truth now stands forth that there are twosets'of vr.eu of the same antecedents, . . , • .i 1.--1 «• : nurtured in the same school—professing the same creed—inspired by the same spirit of patriotism, and yet who for some cause or another are marshalling themselves into hostile bands." Captain Thrift, of the Hollinside, died suddenly from apoplexy on the 9th ? considerable time past been engaged 10 throwing a gravelly subs ance to the I surface, but not bavin" water sufficient to work the claim, the stuff has aceumu lated to a large quautity; they com menccd sluicing last week, and, much to their gratification, obtained 75 ounccs of gold as the result of the week's washing. It is supposed that they have on hand sufficient stuff to keep them employed for tho next seven or eight weeks, at the end of which time they will probably have netted a good round suin. The spot of ground from which the above named gold has been taken has been crossed and re-crossed by experienced diggers almost every day siuco tbe gold-fields were opened, but none of tlieiu anticipated that by digging beneath their feet such treasures would bo exposed to view. We have also heard of another spot in that quarter where tbe prospects are equally promising, one party having obtained a few days ago a beautiful nugget weighing fourteen ouuees, tbo quality of which is said to he very superior, From incidents of this character which occasionally occur on the Turon, it may very reasonably be inferred tbat if a population sufficiently large to give the Tur<m a fair trial was upon the spot, large quantities of tbc precious metal would be discovered and bagged by the diggers.— Batburtt Fiee Press. 