THE MODERN (FROM the SATURDAY REVIEW 1 1 . We have little doubt that there is some i" " in The report that Mr Gladstone is by pointed Lord High Commissioner of the ALP Islands, in place of Sir John Young u ¿, "? any uncertainty on the subject, it probably S? Father from the hesitation of the OovemmMiT confer the past than from the want of 2. h the part of Mr. Gladstone to receive the taking of a house at Corfu indicates is a events, the intention of a longer stay timing persuaded was contemplated in the WaS, by a statesman whose infirmity does not be the direction of a discreet avoidance of IV-" mentary debates Should the appointment to place, it will be the termination or Um timAT Point of a singular political careered all?" the termination if the natural leader of a House of Commons should really settle ¿ into the administration of a third-rate iK Ltncy; it will be the turning-point if he "is to led to see, from his on a reflections anU expressions of public opinion, that after a eccentricities of the last three years m, , the period of life he has reached, this or that ekapadeho can afford., , meet Mr. Gladstone is the first orator in Elidan,! that is, he is the first orator in the world of" industry and energy are immense; and his w local information is equal to his industry "i energy. His courage is equal to any under taking quails before no opposition, ona Buff!' no abatement in defeat. He is the most safe' (r d original, if not altogether the safest, final?!! of a great commercial country. His reputation for integrity is surpassed by that of a will. in mi. A colonist, he is still no Jesuit On the contrary, all who act with him. or have for, curse with him, are struck with the essential simplicity of his character and his thoroughly oneness of purpose. What prevents the ,"" from ruling England, and 'ruling her hold Simply the want of that which is the root of iii true practical as well as intellectual greatness the power of patient, steady forecasting that A His ardent, restless, impulsive mind seems aC lutely incapable of retiring into itself for the I purpose of deliberation, of fixing a distinct al of action, of selecting the means to that can cook)', of pursuing it steadily, of studying the characters of individuals orjolniassos of meat whom or through whom he has to operate li i impossible at any given moment to tell whether he is going and therefore he must always as many admirers and few followers. Of the 15 followers he has, he has been the brilliant one His party may say to him, as Lord Chatham 83 to Lord Temple, " Extinxti mo tequo, sores, populumquo address Sidoulos, urbomquo turns' » His very speeches in the House of Comets are too manifestly the utterances of a man who does not think till he tots upon his Tem 9 carries on before the House the debate which ought to have been held and determined in Ila recesses of his own mind, and who is on himself and those who follow his for tunes in the most unexpected conclusion before he sits down. , Le drifts amidst universal applause but be < rifts and his noble eloquence adorns, but do not control the tide. Oratorio victory gardens He might long since have played the greater! part if he had only been capable of cream one. He might have led the Liberals, it] saved them from misguidance anderen. vengeance. He might have led. the fun. Ecrvativcs, and saved them from dishonor, Bo has hung and wavered between the two sides, applauded, courted, and impotent, while fanatical partisans or low intriguers have against the power which some crotchet or antipathy always forbidding him to grasp. His conduct the Crimean war was a masterpiece of weather I'o managed at once to incur all the response lities of the strongest advocates of war, and ii I ho odium of the most chimerical friend! <t 1 case. He deserted and opposed Lord Palmeo tin's Cabinet, as it seemed, for the very pains of rendering the object of his fear and antiques; (ho absolute master of the Government and Iii T prime favorite of the nation. His mode of m c^oayoriiig to arrest the war was the very opposite of that which would have been chosen one mind in the least degree accustomed to conti its impulses and shape its conduct with a view to a practical end. Instead of marking the [day in advance at which a determined effort It pull up might be made with a fair elm of success, he kept catching wildly at there Mr runaway horse and he, and those who are with him, were naturally sent headlong into St mud. If in these transactions he was merely shortly by the sinister inspirations of mon A have studied his open character for the month of influencing it, that only affects the source to the extent of the weakness. But why should it go further for evidence of his political more,) than his acceptance of his present mission 1 the greatest of all political questions is coming cm 'Parliament. All parties and all men are paring to meet it, and to control the issue of the means in their power. Suddenly thoonems, who, from his capacity and his independent, might have been most completely muster cito situation, and might have used his powers beneficially for the constitution, like a child W by a butterfly, leaves the great object mills great scene of action, throws up the response lities of a member for one of the (greatest enemies in the empire, and accepts from Is hand of an insidious rival a third-rate mine for the purpose of of indulging a literary and elk logical amour. The place Mr. Gladstone has chosen for it self, if he has chosen to be the pretty King of ill Ionian Islands, is one utterly unworthy mayoral man. It is one in which he has before him the respect of endless palaver, and nothing mr. Had he even chosen to rule a great Taege colony, and endeavored to impress his farm its destinies, he might have achieved great pra* cal results, and left a name as splendid and as enduring as that of the most successful leader of the House of Commons. But for the relic to which he is gone, he can do nothing but sin late by his presence the desire and expectation that forbidden boon which it will be held Lracious and inevitable duty to deny. Tttttwj historical sympathy by which he has been aught is really of a spurious kind. " in the course at the seventh and eighth centuries," says Itt? 'Jhiilwall, at the conclusion of his "Jliitaf of Greece," " the worst forebodings were rail sod; after many transient incursions, the cowl? i as permanently occupied by Sclavonic settles 1 The extent of the transformation which ensued a H most clearly proved by the number of the ntl names which succeed to those of Thomsett i geography. But it is also described by historial n terms which have suggested the belief that the native population was utterly swept away and that the modern Greeks are the desccmM if barbarous tribes which subsequently became . subject to the Empire, and received the Hannans i nil religion which they have since retained from 1 j native missionaries and Analolinu colors; : and such is the obscurity which hangs over to i i al destiny of the most renowned nation of II on th, that it is much easier to bhoiytliow* loss of the grounds on which this exposed 1 as been reared than to prove that it severing of the truth." The scenes of the Odyssey F. C Lidstone will indeed land, and enjoy much a J'omeiio soul. Let him remember, as liaison cn Ithaca, that the ancient Ulysses, unless r, modern, had in all his wanderings in deficiT object, and that he was not, as classical ses mentalists represent him. "roaming nth a hungry heart," but doing his best to bring Mr sc.f and his comrades home. A GHOST STORY A respectable tradesman and his wife, who reside at Heading and carry on an extensive business, about three weeks or a month ago were awoke from their peaceful reply to a most singular noise, of which they lost particular notice at the time, llovover,»»' nights afterwards they were again disturbed in a similar way. and they were naturally law with alarm, which was considerably momentous the noise i returning twice ere the light of events. had entered their apartment, They were iMM, to attribute this disturbance to some may cause, but, after an absence of one pipe, is mine sound returned, shortly after niiduwM,"» it was heard distinctly three times instances" of an hour on each occasion appearing'to»aw from between the parties as they lay in Des. a is comparable to nothing but a death gasp, with intituled a few seconds, and nothing 'aT until the lapse of a quarter of an hour, 57s deep groaning sound runs through the ww. Another silence follows but after all materials perhaps, half an hour, it is broken by a loud, sim shriek, which startles those who handbills to become frightened the fearful extent. Amuse was sent for, and he slept in the hmT lights ; the second night the noise SM in '. but the cause was still a secret. II SIR i they might be perfectly satisfied that WiW .. end was not caused by rats, or any aMM a that kind, the floor of the room was table Mu i id the chimneys were examined, way's test ascertaining if any member of the fall she had secreted itself in them. ST" i. measures were adopted to discover turn of this mystery, but all proved of no land it was determined that on »*"**. in-the Mrs. - should sleep at Use a £s, a friend residing at a village a short dash from Heading, rise accordingly retired °'-. in an apartment occupied by two of her incur . but, most extraordinary to always! easy to. of persons who bore her company, welY", s, Lythe same strange noise in the death , , said It is painful to be of good to ward a fact that Mr. was compelled to »f0. "... 1 ed, and is now constantly attendances at I-( who has pronounced his ^,1U'1 s" i" { flies that it would be dangerous that "- " le visited by any of his friendships 