CHINA. Having, in Friday's Herald, in our telegram from Melbourne, given an account of the renewal of hos- tilities in China, and the disastrous defeat of the British, on 25th Juno, wo are now enabled to add some further particulars, from, the China papers re- ceived by the Benares, on Snturday night. The Hongkong Daily Pi ess, in an article on this catastrophe, ventures a conjecture upon the causes'of this reverse, in which it says that Russian intrigue is unmistakably indicated. It then proceeds : We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and do not hesitnte to record our conviction that such a series of complicated bungies is not to be found in British annuls as their defeat at the mouth of the Peiho. It is matter of sincere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if his forces had been doubled or trebled the only difference which would have resulted would have been the augmented ratio of the casualties. A simultaneous attack hyland and sea should have clearly been made whilst the flood tide was running-the land force making a detour and attacking the forts onthe sides. Besides, the forts should have been taken in detail; aftei the first should have fallen, the rest could have certainly been shelled. Again, tiie position should have been reconnoitcred, as it might have safely been inferred, in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booms had been constructed, that masked batteries would be placed. Tipperary tactics are scientific in compa- rison to the mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position-that is to say the entire sea force was run into the trap which had heen made and provided. After it had been destroyed, or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, the land force was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they could not be brought up for some time. Wien they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mudbank, almost in the face of thesovictoi ious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the case-two ditches intervened ; and the end of it was that fifty of our bravo fellows reached the wall without a sealing ladder or a dry car- tridge. Why, had the whole of the Royal Matines in the service been landed under such circumstances, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result? Wo do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They beheld the flotilla go into the trap ; they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelming, and, China-like, they became elated, and worked hard at the guns there was nothing to drive thom from. Remembering how the Ru«siun*Minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year-bearing in mind the intrigues ho made whilst the Tcentsun negotiations were going on-not forgetting the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on the Amoor just about that time and seeing, moreover, that there is no Russian ambas- sador now dogging the steps of the British Minister, or indeed near the scene of action,-it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimised to Russian machinations. Moreover, it is known that the Russians made one of the stipulations for the territoiy thoy filched, the payment by them to the Chinese of seven hundred cannon -as if the Chinese would have made such a demand unless they had been told to do so ! We do not think there were any Russians in the forts, because our troops were assailed by gingals and at rows ; but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stockades, and laid down the plan of the trap, theio erin be no doubt-Russian guns being of course used. We presume the United States Minister will proceed to Pekin, and will be well received there, when he .will he used as a mediator. Doubtless, ni>enfung's wounded honour being now healed, his Celestial Ma- jesty, would como to an easy settlement if we would let him have his own way. Our right to force a pas- sage to Tietsun is very questionable, pal ticularly as a ¡ safe-conduct was offered our minister by another ? route, mid nn audience promised. This, of course, would have ended in smoke, but still it forms a Celes- J tinl pretext. It is a sorrowful affair, and, besides the valuable lives lost, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should ho reinforced, and another attack I made immediately. I What follows is from the North Ghini Herald of 9th July : II.M.S.-off the Poi-ho, , ' , . . July 3rd, 1859. The whole of the' squadron had assembled off the Pei-ho by June 18th, and preparations were imme- ] diately made in case .warlike measures should be necessary, we in the squndron, however, never dream- ing that the Chinese would be so mad as to resist. On the 24th, the whole of the naval and marino bri- gades, with the boats of the squadron, and sixty men from the French frigate Du Chayla, were towed in over the har, and put on board some junks which had been detained for the purpose out of gun shot of the forts-the remainder of this day was spent in making the final pieparation for an attack _ on the forts, which are very substantially built, and have evidently had the benefit of European v skill in their construction, as did also their guns during the action,-the principal forts con- sist of three bastions connected by curtains and armed with guns of from 24-pounders to 50-pounders. One of these forts is on the south bank of the river and another on the north, but that on the north runs ' at right angles to the south batteries, and thus any ships anchoring pnrollel to the south forts, t. e., in the line of the river, are exposed to a raking or longitu- dinal fire from the north forts ; besides these, there are two or three other batteries which took part in the action, but without much effect ; four very for- ( midable barriers crossed the river, the outer one being so situated that it was not more than six hundred yards from any gun in the batteries, and considerably less than that from most of them. The flag captain, partially destroyed one of these barriers during the night of the 24th, but was fired on by the batteries, and retired. On Satiu'day, 25th June, the gunboats Janus, Kestrel, 'Lee, Haughty, Plover, Starling, Opossum, Bunterer, and Forester, with the desputcli-vesscls Nimrod and Cormorant, took up their positions, the inner gunboat, the Banteror, being close to the outer barrier on the north side of the river, the lino of vessels crossing the stream from that point diagonally or in a southerly direction. ^ The Admiral had hoisted his flag on board the Plover" and, with the Opossum leading, he proceeded about two p.m. to force his way through the outer barrier. The Opossum steamed at it, but it was too strong for her ; however, by hooking her anchor to one of the piles she managed to drag one up, and so made room to pass through and then steamed on towards the second barrier. Every one now began to think that the Chinese were going to let us pass through quietly ; but that idea was of very short duration, for the Admiral, following the Opossum, had no sooner pushed the how of the Plover through the barrier, than "bang" went a gun from the batteries into her. She immediately returned it, and the whole of the forts opened fire as if by magic (this was at 2-10 p.m. ) ; a tremendous cannonade ensued, and it lasted without in- ¡ termission until between four/ and five o'clock -the Chinese firing with lemarkablc precision and causing a terrible loss on board the gunboats,-the Plover and Oppossum had to retiace their steps and join the rest of the squadron, so severe was the fire that in a very short time the Plover and two other ( gunboats had to be reinforced ftom the Naval Brigade, -the Admiral was wounded in the early part of the action hut refused toleavc the deck, his gunboats were evidently a mark for the enemy until he shifted to the , Cormorant. The tide falling, several of the vessels ' grounded and the enemy's file was now cutting them to pieces below the water line, the southern batteries | however had begun to slacken their fire, and it being thought that ¡x landing might be effected with a good prospect of success, an officer was sent to inspect the proposed spot for the landing and reported it practi- cable,-the signal was immediately made for the landing parties and the two brigades approached in tow of vessels for some distance, nnd then pulled in I towards the shore. Directly they commenced landing they were assailed by a tre-1 mendous fire from all the batteries and a diead ful carnage ensued ; the mud was so heavy that the men could scarcely struggle thiough it, and they were mowed down by dozens, many who were wounded fell and were smothered in the mud ; others were actually drowned in this dreadful morass from pure fatigue. Many more contrived to push on towards the batteries, but scarcely a man had a dry cartridge. The two ditches were crossed, but the utter impossi- bility of bringing up scaling ladders or bridges through such a sea "of mud battled all attempts at storming. The Chinese threw out fire balls, which, in the darkness that had now come on shewed very distinctly the position of our people. Captain Shad \ .'.11, who commanded the naval brigade, having been severely wounded, and many other officers and men killed and wounded, it was hut too evident that any further attempt would only entail a still'greater sacrifice of life, and, therefore, the " retreat" was reluctantly ordered. The Chinese gave a yell of triumph when they_ saw this movement, and, if pos- sible redoubled their fire, whilst our poor fellows re- traced their steps as best; they could, many having to crawl on their hands, and knees to prevent sinking J into the mud altogether. By one a.m., the wounded and the remains of the landing party were embarked. To return to the gunboats- the duel between them nnd the forts recommenced with great fury, and con- tinued until long after dark, when at length all the ammunition being expended nnd the vessels all being in a sinking condition, the firing gradually ceased and bj- ten o'clock the action may be s iid to have ended -the Lee and Kestrel had already sunk and the Cor- morant was fast following their example, nnd they, with two or three other gunboats, had to be deserted during the night. Thus ended this most disastrous affair, the only redeeming point in it is, that our men, though beaten, fought every- where with the most desperate resolution, and hnd there been firm footing for the Marino and Naval Brigades there can be no doubt that the forts would have been carried ; as it was, their part of the fighting was a struggle against mud and not against Chinamen. Between the 26th June and this day we have managed to rescue all the vessels from under the guns of the batteries except the Cormorant, Lee, and Plover, they are utterly destroyed, but the remainder have been patched up sufficiently to make them float. The Kestrel floated out in the most extraordinary manner, and menaced to steam out and join the rest of the squadron last evening, and the Chinese who have kept up a desultory fire on our vessels ever since the 25th, are now left in the quiet enjoyment of their victory. The Americans, though they took no part in the action, have been extremely kind in assisting our wounded, and in various "other ways have earned the good wishes of the whole squadron. I send you a list of the killed and wounded which you will seo is a very heavy one, considering that the total number of men of all arms engaged did not exceed 1300 men. There may be one or two names omitted, but it is very difficult to discover, among so many vessels, who are in the list of casual- ties. I ennnot now ascertain the number of seamen and marines in each vessel, but the total loss, includ- ing officers nnd men of till arms, is 461 killed and wounded. Tho officers aro as follows : Casualties ntFoan mu Pbi-iio Forts on tur 25m Junk, 1859. KILLED. Llnilonant Graves, R N., As-iiuncc, klll'd on «horo Li°utcnant Pliittorlinok, It N , Coromandel, ditto Lieutenant Us«nn, H.N., Plover, killed on hoard Captain M'lCennn, Rival Rcglmon', ditto Plover Mr. Herbet t, mlilshipman, ChoMipenke, killed on adoro Lieutenant Woolritlg\ It. M. Brigade, ditto Lieutenant Inglis, R. M., HUliflyor, killed in boat. WOUNDED. Admiral Hopo, severely Captain Vansittart, Mnirlolnnno, lias of left loer b»low knee Captain Shndwel', Hlehflyor, severe wound ot foot Captain Willoi, Chesapeake, slightly Colonel L;mnn, li M. tirio-arto, sovoroly Lloutcn mt Parvla, R.N . nightlyr, slightly Licntennnt Buckle, Mngielcnne, slightly Mr. Burniiston, mailer, Bunterer, slightly Mr. Armitage, midshipman. Oriiiaor, saveroly Mr. Powlett, midshipman, Cambrian, Bfvoroly Mr. N. n. Smith, mate. Chrsanrake, severely Mr. Phillip», 2nd mistor. Plo<or, slightly Lieutenant Longley. U.E., tinto, slightly Rev. II. Hewlett. Chaplain, R.AI. Brigade, sovoroly Captain Masters, Cheapo tko Captain Slaughter, R M. Brigade Lieutenant Williams, R \t Artillery Lieutenant Cruwfoid, R M. Artillery Lieutenante tiller, RAI Brig ide Lieutenant Cirritgton. U.M. Brigado Lieutenant Smith, R.M Brigado Lieutenant Percerai. Fnrv. slightly. Total Killi d ano" Wounded. British, 401. Frtnoh, 4 killed and IO wnnodoil, including Captain Trieault (Du Clioyls), wounded in the arm. Total op Mahink Bnio vdr only. Killed. ?Woundod. OfTlcors. 1 . IS Sargeants. 2 . 13 Bugler«. 0 . 2 Corporals. t . 8 Rank and filo . 24 . 104 28 . 142 Total killed and woundod, 170. The same journal of July 14th adds :-Since onr issue of the 9th thr> lion. F. AAr. Bruce and M. de Bourboidon, the Mmisteis of England and Franco, with their suites, have arrived in Shangai. The former in the Coromandel, the latter in the J3u Chayla. Magicienne and. Assistance are gone to an anchorage off Chinhae, Ningpo, near Kinfang Island, where the British squadron will rendezvous, to recruit the sick and wounded. The nesper arrived yesterday from the Gulf on the 8th. The Admiral in the Chesapeake was waiting until the disabled gunboats were ready to accompany him to the rendezvous. The Highflyer was to leave on the '8th for Shanghai, under sail, where she will take her station again as guardship. " The Cruiser and two gunboats will remain in the Gulf. The American Minister was holdings a communication with the Chinese official at a more northern entrance to the Peiho. It is expected he will proceed to Peking. Horace Rumbold, Esq., and le Comte Kleezcowski, secretaries to the British and French Legation proceed by this mail with des- patches foi their respective Governments, i From an extra of the North China, Herald of 21st July we take the following- semi-official explanations : We have little to add to the narratives of our" corres- pondents published in our issue of the 9th iustant. Wo have, however, been set right in a few details. One point of importance we are glad to be able to correct. We had understood that the officer first sont in by the admiral was received by a mandarin. It seems that no mandarins appeared at all. Some of the common people, calling themselves braves, under a leader, and a., contractor engnged in fixing the piles and booms which crossed the liver, presented themselves, but .nuintained positively that there were no mandai in j near the place, and that the works in progress were undertaken at the expense of the people and without any authority ñ oin the Government ; also, that their object was the defence of the coast against rebels or pirates, and not hostility or hindrance to us. Indeed, the contractor promised to have the way cleared foi us in two days. AVe are also glad to be assured that Admiral Hope's appear- ance at Takoo in the first instance was to unmistak- ably pacific in character. A solitary man-of-war's boat carried in his first message. The Fury and two gun-boats were left outside the bar ; the rest of the squadron was lying thirty miles off at Sha-luy-tecn, and when the Admiral did come in, he is stated to have handed in a letter requesting that a market might be opened at the foit, as his ships would remain there until Mr. Bruce's return from Peking. There is another error in our last issue ; that several letters and messengers passed between Mr. Bruce and the mandarius, who said Mr. Bruce would be received at Peking by some roundabout way, but that the river was blocked up and no man-of-war would be allowed to pass. Mr. Bruce, it appears, received but one com- munication from the shore, the contents of which have not transpired. It was brought from the mouth of another stream not, so far as we can ascertain, a branch of, or connected with, the river we call the Peiho. The place was visited subse- quently by the Americans, who found the water too shoal for their boat, and consequently had to wade in to the shore. They tried another landing, and were pm-sued into the water by some cavalry. The letter brought to Mr. Bruce was found to hove been two days on the road, and was delivered on the 25th ! June, but a few hours before the admiral, as he had given notice he would, attempted to pass the booms ¡ when the firing began. We gather from all we can 1 collect on the subject that if the Chinese Government did intend eventually to admit us by some new route, it took care not to inform us of the fact ; for some reason or other it kept away from Takoo any one who mitrht have informed us that the old route, which is not closed to trade, for junks were seen thick above the forts, was closed to the Ministers who, all the world lists been aware for a twelvemonth, were coming to Peking to exchange ratifications of the treaties. If a foreign minister had been told, by a responsible authority, you cannot pass this way, by the Emperor's orders, you must go round by such or such a ioad, he might have had difficulty in calling on the Admiral to force the passage. But this is precisely what the Chinese Go- vernment did not do. On the contrary, it appears to i have taken every precaution to be unrepresented in I the matter, quite prepared, we cannot but think, had Admiral Hope's movemf nt succeeded, to throw the I entire blame on the country people, who, as they I themselves alleged, had run up these works without j its orders, and fired without its authority. There are I some contradictions which we cannot explain. Why ! should an unwarlike and very embarrassed Govern- ment fight at all ? AVas it out of revenge for the halt I hour's thrashing we gave it last year ? or was it that it j thought that we were coming to get something more out of it ? or was it determined not to leave us in the enjoyment even of what we had extorted? Our Chinese gossips were agreed from the first ? that many conditions in the treaty of Tien-tsin tho Emperor would never consent to carry out, and have 1 pointed to the fact, which the Peking Gazette puts beyond dispute, that Shangkolinsin had so early as ' last year assembled a very large force in the neigh 1 bourhood of Tieu-tsin, as evidence of a determination to keep us out of Peking. When it was announ ced, however, that the foieign Ministers were merely; about . to visit the capital and did not intend to reside there, a rumour, which we have before noticeû\ began to ' grow, that the Emperor himself was anxious for peace, and had issued his inbtructious accordingly. \£UU1 we see Shangkolinsin did not break up his camp, and we find an opinion, now current among the Chinese, and supported in some degree by what hus | fallen fiom Romish missionaries stationed in or near Peking, that he had declared, happen what might, our ships should not enter the Tien-tsin river. The Emperor, it is said, stands in much awe of this Mongolian and his followers, to whom he was much beholden in ISO I, when the Taiping rebels came so close to his capital. On the other hand, wo repeat, no one can doubt that, however much he might dread the consequences of a fai ure, provided his Majesty could so screen himself as to he able subsequently to disavow an act of hostility, ho would not object to seeing tho barbarian's head broken. What he, or whoever it was whose war counsels prevailed, has overlooked, is the certainty that the barbarian will not give in merely because he has como to grief in the first round. The check we have sustained, and with us our gallant allies, of the conduct of whose small quota every one spenks in the highest terms, is too prominent to be left where it lies. It should teach us a little humility, wo admit, and we shall therefore abstain from all whooping on the subject ; but we cannot suppose that tho twelve- month will pass without such an effort on the part of France and England to re-establish their prestige as will make the Court of Peking rue the clumsy trea- chery it has penetrated. 