[?] ASPECT OF POLITICAL AFFAIRS, (From Monday's Empire.) What will be the indignation of tho Liberal party.'— what thu thoughts of true-hearted men of all parties, when made fully aware of tho unholy allianco which if not quite con- stimulated, is on tho eve of being so, between men who were elected as advanced and un compromising reformers, and the leaders of those factions sections of poitieians which claim Martin, Pliinkett, and others of that stamp as tliuir representatives ? What will be the indignation of nil true Liberals to learn thnt' at tho head of this unholy alliance between men who havo not a single principle or sympathy in common— is one on whom hitherto uiuoh of their hopes rested I That this alliance is being formed for the sole pur poso of overthrowing tho present administra tion is bevond a doubt. That it will assume tho form of a factious and unscrupulous oppo sition iu the House is cqunlly certain. _ To he fore-warned is to be fore-armep, Bearing this in view, it may not be amis3 to ondeavour to forecast, for the benefit of our readers, tho kind of opposition which the present administration is likely to uicet w'lth from tlieso men— from its secret enemies and opou foes— iu tho approaching session of Parliament; and to endeavour to ascertain, I, for as poMiblo, what are tho mi ottves and aims of those who are likely to compoie that onnosition. Wlmt exenso somo of them can oflb? to tho country for taking the course ' they havo evidently marked out for. them- .elves and whicli we believe they are deter mined to pursue at all hazards, we are at a 1UIStmay" be objected, that, as public jour nalists, wo may have no right to assume that the course of any of these gentlemen will bo « variance with what can he gatiiered from their printed or spoken addresses as candt- dates,— that we have no right to draw con clusions not warranted by their public acts as public men. This may be true under ordinary circumstances : but there aie ex ceptions to all rules, nnd if over there was an exception to a rule, this is one. More than one of the members of the ftp- mooching Parliament— those who will be ft, und most determined and rancorous in their opposition to the Cowper Adiiiiiustration- have attained their present position through the suffrages of electors wiio, innocent souls, thought they were voting for men who would he staunch in their support of the present Government. How these confiding and un suspecting people have been deceived, a few weeks, or months at most, will show. To tho& who arc able to look below tho surfnco, the intentions of the wolves in snoops c'o'.hiiig are already sufficiently apparent. The aspect of things on the surface of a stream is by no means a sure indication of. the tendency of the current below. Keeping this iii mind, wo shall endeavour to place our readers in such a position as to o 'ablo them to judge for themselves, whether some, at least of the elected members havo .not. attained their seats by sailing under false colours; and whether tho course which tljey ( are undoubtedly about to take is not in-direct. opposition to that which the electors hadr.in view when they held up their hands in. their favour at the ii listings, or recorded their votes at the polling-booth. _ Before stripping off the miserable rags in which these political Juduses have disguised themselves, — by moans of which they have managed to swindle the electors out of their votes, —we will briefly nlludo to the mortal remains — the disjecta membra of the old Oppo sition— t e sk-letonof the Thomson-Donald son-Parker clique — tho old Tory nnd red- tape incubus— which so long crippled the energies and sacrificed the interests of a rising country ;— men who. looked upon'- 'tile advent of a liberal Ministry as an unautho-' rised invasion of their vested rights, who firmly believed that Heaven lind made this gnytj» country, .fur . their especial. .benefit ;— that" the people were created that they might rule them. . Contemptible in numbers, and utterly wanting iii ability — the remains of this used- up faction would, of themselves, bo almost- powerless for evil. They might obstruct, but could not prevent the reforms necessary for the working of Responsible Government. The country can see so clearly through their transparent motives and aims, that no word of warning is wanted oil our part to put the public on its guard against them or their' machinations. Tho scene of tho only mis- chief they are likely to accomplish, is in Downing — not Macquarie — street. The hack stairs of the Colonial Office is the way by which they go to their dirty | work ; the Australian Association is tho I funnel by which they pour into the .ears of | tiie sleepy inmates of the Colonial Offico their f ".leprous distilmont." The "respectable " |- and " influential " Mannings and Parkers l are the " leeches" who administer the subtle i poison. To caution the public against any j measures that tho ghost of this faction may ( attempt litre is needless. They are too Well ) known to ho trusted— too weak to be feared. I But if this almost lifeless carcass is to be re-. auscitated, — if this expiring faction, with the death- rattle in its throat, is to havo new life breathed into its shrivelled and shrunken skeleton, to have its withered limbs clothed anew with flesh and blood; and if this is to ho done by truitors to tho liberal cause, — hy men who, from motives of faction, -personal enmity, lust of power, or disappointmenLof- I place have agreed to uuito their forcea4n.«u . j! unholy alliance with the old enemies of liber-. | ty and progress— the cause of good Govern- ment is not unlikely to be placed In immi nent danger, the existence of the only liberal ; Ministry which is possible under present eir- | cnrnstanci's — whatever may be its shortcom- ings — will be imperilled, and all the trouble and anxiety which have been undergone to secure tho return of the right men will have been thrown away. Tiiat Air. Partes has determined to use - his utmost endeavours, on tho meeting of Parliament, to overthrow tho present Govern ment, is ccrtuin. However secret have- been his machinations — however cautious and hidden his moves— however concealed his views up to the period of his eluction fur Eust Sydney, — no one who bus paid attorn tion tii his recent coursu of conduct can doubt for a moment tiie end he has in view. The evidence is so clear that lie who runs | may rcud it in every line of the last chapter ji of the acts of this political Uriah Heep. . For what else than to secure a handy tool —to be used whenever required — did lie sup- ! port, for the electorate of St. Leonard's, the I cause of that old Tory squatter — Shepherd, ) a man whose most ardent aspirations would be gratified by a return to the good old times of tiie triangles and tho lash? For wlmt else did Mr. Parkes— taking advantage of his ox 1 truordiimrv influence over the fervid temper- ament, immature judgment, and generous impulses of his youthful disciple — send Mr. YV. 0. YVindeyer to contest the electorate of the Lower Hunter with one of the most con sistent liberals and thoroughly independent j men in the country ? For what else has he 5 usod his utmost influence in favour of that political vagabond Duniehy, when opposing the man who, of all othurs in Australia, has shown himself to bo both a statesman and a patriot— wo mean, of course, Richard Jones? For what other purpose wore the dufcated and scattered forces of the Deniehy clique, after their route at Muitlaud, rallied to the rescue of liis Idind follower on the Lower Hunter? What else does Mr. Purkes's present coquet ting with those unscrupulous and hitter op ponents of the Cowper Administration, j Messrs. Martin and Pluukrtt, mean ? — what i else, ids intimate relations with that political Jim Crow— John Bayley Darvall? Questions might ho asked, and examples might be quoted to much greater length; j hut we aro savedfrom tho necessity of arguing 1 . !?? induction — from tho occasion for any i further inferences— by air. l'arkes himself; ! lie has nt last thrown off the mask. Now ) that he has obtained a seat in the House, he <i no-longer cares to conceal his intentions. i! Ambition has lilindedhim to the consequencos I of the course he is pursuing, Those whom ! heaven dooms it infutuates. Tbe Just of power lias warped Jiis judgment and rendered him deaf to the voice of reason. His' inten- tions stand revealed in glaring colours, hlr. Parkes makes no secret ol those intoutions, and why should wo ! No political deliu- | qucney that has over occurred has given us j croutcr pain than this, — no words ever written j flowed more reluctautly from tho pen. We | confess to havo been among tho most ardent \ admirers of Mr. Parkes. We believed— not- I' withstanding all that was said against liim j — tliut tiie fire of patriotism burned pure and | holy in his lioart uf. hearts,— that whatever j might ho its trials in the furnsco of adversity, ' the fine gold would ultimately come out 5 bright and uiidimined. It has been tried— | ' it hns_ been, weighed in the balance— and, I there is nn. concealing the damning fact, it | has been found wanting, j . At a crisis in his country's history — when I tiie united action of all true liberals is abso- Jutely essential — in order to gratify his per- i soual ambition — to indulge his lust of power | he is attempting, or about to attempt, to f -place himself at. tho head of a faction: cou- I posed, fur the most part, of men with whose j Principles, if tliey have uny, his own are at utter i variance— with whom lie agrees on no singli | point but the desire to overthrow tho prcse,.t j administration. Such gross political profli- I gacy as this — such a sacrifice of principle to | pctunal-aggrandisement— the- conntry_can j. never overlook. He is attempting (o barter I his birthright for a miserable moss of pottage. To attain power and place lie is allying him self to the enemies of liberty — to the foes of those who have hitherto supported liim — to the bitter opponents of those who iiavo been his best friond9. Heretofore, whenever the noisy vociferations of place-hunters and poli tical parasites rung in onr ears — whenever we have turned sick and disgusted from the squabbles of tiie rabble rout who were at tempting to secure the loaves and fishes of office, — one green spot nn the barren waste — one oasis in the deso: t — rose on our mental view ; the image of one man was before our eyes, anil tins burning words of Byron, Then turn we In her Inti-it tribune's name — I Prom lier ten thousand tjrants turn to thee, j camo unbidden from1 our lips. But the de lusion is gone, — the spell is broken. — the | golden image turns out to lie nothing bet er i than Brummagem metal — hardly as good — clay rather. How arc the mighty fallen I Mr. Parkes has published the following reply to the above in Tuesday's S. M. Herald: — 1. It is perfectly true that 1 proposed Mr. Shepherd for the reasons stated at the time, and under similar circumstances I should do the samo again. As to his being a " handy tool," I. do not believe lie is so well fitted for that kind of thing ns some of the " earnest supporters" of Mr. Cowper wliilo I venture to say lie is quite as wull fitted by education and character to be a representative. Bnt let us look into the political inconsistency. Mr. Shepherd was a candidate nt the general election in 1856, when also 1 supported him, nnd .when he was favoured by several of Mr. Cowpcrs's "earnest supporters," and by Mr. Cowper himself. . , 2. 1 am happy to possess the friendship of Mr. YVindeyer, and, if. he were n " disciplo" of mine, I should be very proud of liim ; but . in reality I did not Bend liim against Mr. Williamson, and I am sorry, to say that my s-rviee to him in the contest was limited to my good wishes for his success. J am as tonished, iiowcver, to see these worshippers of" vox populi" venting their rage i f disap pointment at tho result of tho Lower Hunter election, where it is clear tlint if Mr. YVin deyer had not gone there the voice of the constituency would have been stifled, tiie election having been decided by nearly 3 to 1 against Mr. Williamson. 3\. I lind nothing to do, by act.. word, or thought, in supporting Mr. Deniehy against Mr.. Jones,, nor Iistyo I communicated witli Mr. Deiiieliy rcspccting any of the elections that have taken place. 4\. All I know of Mr. Windeyer's having been favoured by Mr. Denieliy's interest at -the IjOtverTIiuitcrr'I'iearnt' irtJm" M rT'JoTics" nn iiis return to Sydney, but I have since heard Mr. Deniehy say that ho was applied to by Mr. YVillianison'for the same interest. 5\. I have not spoken to Mr. Martin on poli tical subjects since 1 was formerly a member of tho Assembly for the North Riding of Cumberland, 'when Mr. Martin was Mr. Cowper's Attorney- General. If it be a crimu against the " Liberal cause'' to he associated with Mr Martin, Iratherthink the crime must be Jlr. Cowper's, not mine. However, as I stated on the East Sydney hustings, I shall consider it iny duty to work with Mr. Mar tin, whenever 1 can, for tho good of- the country, and in doing so I shall be guided by tny own judgment nnd sense of right. 6\. lliuvo not even seen Mr. Plunkett sinco the Sydney election, and I havo never en joyed that gentleman's friendship toa degree that would warrant 1110 in consulting him on party politics. But here, again, us is well known, Mr. Cowper used his utmost endea vours to induce Mr. Plunkett to accept tho offico of Attoriiey-Gencral in his Ministry: and, supposing I lind the honour to bo in alliance with Mr. Plunkett, it would ho rather too much for Mr. Cowper's " earnest supporters," in the face of this fact, to upbraid mo with political inconsistency. 7\. My "intimate relations" with Sir. Dar vall are purely of a private nature, nnd. aro confined to reading law in that gentleman's chambers. j 8\. I have not yet publicly avowed any "hostility to Mr. Cowjier." hut I have stated publicly the opinion which I feel justified in holding, — that there .are grave grounds for distrusting the puiity of Mr. Cowper's ad ministration. If I am called upon to avow "hostility," I shall be prepnred to bo judged by the facts I can adduce in support of my positiou. Tho Empire of Wcdneidiy replies to Mr. Parkcs's contrndicti-.n, and statos— "Tliu statements made and the opinions expressed in tho article to which Mr. Parkes refers.-arc not the production .of any political opponent, or. the outpourings of aiiy disappointed can didate's spleen. They are the deliberately formed convictions of those wiio are not iii the habit of using words at random, and who have good opportunities of knowing. the real facts of the case. ' From every quarter we hear nothing hut confirmations of what we have advanced in reference to Mr. Parkes. We have but expressed openly and clearly what almost everybody lias for the last few- weeks been thinking. We are assured on every hand that we have hit the right nail on tho head. Time will show whether our estimation of his political character and conduct have been unnecessarily harsh. We have acted without fear and without favour, and arc willing to abide the verdict of tiie future" Charobcrlayne and Armstrong, chargod with shooting at a policeman nAtned Green, and highway robbery and murder, at Oineo, have been found guilty nnd sentenced to death, without hope of any reprieve. Two men, named Peterson nnd Bergman, have been committed for trial, for stabbing a woman in tho face with a penknife. She was one of the Sydney street unfortunates, and they had accompanied her home. The Meihonrno papers publish a corres pondence between the Rev. TIioiiiiib Binney I anil a committee at Melbourne, who were empowered to treat with Mr. Binney for tho securing of his services permanently to Australia, if possib'e, aud who wore alile to inform him that £100) had been secured to him for the first year, with £600 for contin gent expenses. Air Binney, however, de clines, tWchief reason stated being the cat! of _ his church for his return ; but other objections being hinted at, which, however, beseems to intimate might not be insuper able. - - Tho unhappy old man named John Morris, who was convicted of the horrible crime of having violated the person of a child under five years of ago, is ordered for execution on the 22nd instant. The Late Batho-hst M AtL Rodiiebv.— Capt. Battyo'a endeavors to being homo tho crime to the two men apprelionded on suspicion nt tho Middle River have been entirely success ful. A large number of documents and all tiie money have been recovered, nnd the rure resorted to by the gallant Captain in order to obtain possession of the stolen proporty was most ingonious, and, as tho result lias proved, most effectual. Towards nightfall on Tues day. Captain Battye took one of the prisoners, a umn named Wilson, out on horseback to some short distance from Hartley, and then gave him to understand' that he intended to remain out in the bush' until the bags were found. The prisoner, who evidently had no great desire to lie tub Jove fngido at this in- clemeut season of tho year, 'especially as he was somewhat thinly clad, and was, of course; entirely unprovided with blankets, then enquired wbnt was to bo done with him? Captain Battj-e. with well-feigned eanyjroid, immediately informed him that he intended to chain liim to a tree, and that he and his troopers would camp out until the bags were discovered, at t)ie same timo casually en quiring of one of his men whether ho had the chain witli liim, which was forthwith pro duced. The crest-fallen countenance of the prisoner soon announced that the artifice had succeeded, and after going a few miles further he gave in, nnd confessed to his Complicity in the nffair, together with the locwi in qtio of thu ..concculed_inail-bags, " Information which was subsequently found to be perfectly correct, for the fiist " plaut" of newspapers was discovered only two miles from Mount Victoria, tho second more than eight miles from the first, and the third six miles further in the direction of the Mudgee ro-id. Fire-nrms, including one double- barrelled gun anil three pistols, were found about "lie hundred yards from the last " plant." It therefore nppears that the men, after having perpetrated the robbery, travelled due north, and pnssed over the Grose and over Bell's line towards Colo, carrying their booty (eluveti hags) slung 011 a 'pole a la Chinoise. The documents had all been opened and'-xnmined, but we believe we are justified in stating that the money and documents of value have all been .recovered.' From the confession of one of the prisoners it lias been discovered that they had laid in wait for the mail for eight consecutive days, and that on the day previous to the robbery (Thursday), tho escort day, tliey had all tho men 011 the mail covered with their guns, but were deterred from filing by tho fact that the mounted troopers were about ten yards behind the vcliiele. Captain Battye stutes bis firm belief tiiat lie lias not only recovered every bank bill, promissory note, bank note, and coin— amounting in all" to £4823 12s. 9d. — but lias also recovered all the letters, deeds, and documents, many of which appear to be of great value. The letters were found lying open in a dense scrub, £315 in half cheques, and nn immense number of bills, cheques, etc., all exposed; and about six miles further, £94 in good notes, and very many good cheques stuffed, up a burnt tree.— Dathurst Free Pres.'. Kesimvoxtu, District of Yass. — On tho 21st June, 1859, from Doiiro Estate; damages and driving £1 each One brown poley cow, illegible letter and like S on rump, illegible brand off shoulder'; brown and white poley cow, spotted, illegible brands off rump and aiionhior.— — Also, 011 22nd, from Hardwicke Estate One' black or brown more, saddle marked, hind fetlneks wliito, little white on near forobeel, sivitcli tail, HO near shoulder; a brown horse fonl at her foot, unbrundod ; damages and driving 10s. 3d. each. If not released, will be sold on the 16th of July. — \V. Shiukwin, poundkeeper. 