ïA*al atti! mnetal [ Basti OT Ho» FKSTIVAIÍ.-The Ballarat Temperance Society celebrated the close of ' the proceedings.oonnected with the laying of . thé foundation «tone of the Benevolent ' Asylum hy a "festival at the Hall tn Humffray ' street. TheHall was hung within and with I ont vidi evergreens, the ulterior being deco1 ! rated also with nunieroraljanners and devices. Tlie children of the Band of Hope and other visitors were recalad with tea and the usual '. refreshments, after which temperance melo- dies, were sung by tho children, jand addresses were delivered by the Ber. ilr Mackie of tba Manse, Learmonth, and other gentlemen connected with the society. The Hall was crowded to excès» from the commencement to the close of ibo proceedings, the assembly breaking up at an advanced hour of tho evening. OHDIKATIOW Saavica.-A service in con- nection with the ordination of Mr Potter over the Wesleyan church and congregation assembling at Mount Clear, took place on Wednesday evening, at 6.30 p.m. The Revs. Messrs K. Johnson, from Melbourne, Strong- man, lind, Sutton, Bradney, and Niquet took part in the service. The Kev Bi. Johnson delivered an address on the nature and design of a Christian Church ; the Ber. W. A. Lind . read the call of the church, and the reply of Mr Potter ; after which the same gentleman proposed the usual questions, to which suitable replies were given by Mr Potter. The Ber. IL Johnson then offered the ordination prayer, and the Kev. J. M. Strongman combined, in consequence of limited time and a severe cold, the charge to the minister, and sermon to the people, in a very clear, powerful, and eminently scriptural discourse, such as we have not had the pleasure of listening to for some tame.-Communicated. THBATEE ROYAL.-The repetition of the " Unequal Match" last evening was attended with entire success. The house was full, there was an evident improvement in the performance, and the applause was both loud and frequent. This evening Mr Rogers takes his benefit, and in common justice we are bound to say a few words in his behalf. His approaches towards a faultless perfection are certainly as near as those of any actor who has yet visited Ballarat, and though we are not prepared to use terms of fulsome eulogy, we cannot avoid the expression of an admi- ration for some of bis representations, that a comparison with established British favorites does not decrease. This evening Mr Rogers plays Lord Duberly, in the " Heir-at-Law." We trust the jost tribute of a bumper house well be awarded to him. CHARLIE ÏTAPIER.-Theold favorite drama of "Green "Bushes" was played last evening, j and Mrs Clarance Holt as Miami, fairly equalled the best of her previous efforts. It is a matter of regret, indeed, that we do not oftener meet with her in these characters, so suited to her excellent abilities. The other characters were in a great measure finely re- presented. The house was well filled, and applause very freely rendered. This «ven- ing "Hamlet" will be performed for the second time. The cast will include Mr Holt as Hamlet, Miss Young as Ophelia, Mrs Holt a« the Queen, Mr Warde as Ghost and Mr Birch as Claudius. IMPROVEMENT IN HOUSE STOCK.-We are glad to find that Mr T. Bath, of Ceres Farm, Lake Learmonth, has purchased " Sampson," a lately imported and valuable draught entire horse, at a cost of over £500. He was landed in the colony on 18th January, 1859, after having won the prize for horse stock from a hundred and odd others at the Bath and West cf England Society's Exhibition in 1858\. Sampson is rising 6 years, of the pore Lincolnshire breed, having been got by "True Briton" out of " Derby," both celebrated in their way for purity of stock. He was bred by H. Heath, Esq., of Prior's Court, Somer- set, and is a most magnificent animal, over 17 hands big.i, and perfect in his points. He is now exhibiting at Bath's Hotel, where lie can be seeu for two days to come. Sampson's arrival is likely to prove highly beneficial in improving our stock. CREMORNE GARDENS BALLOON ASCENT. A very successful balloon ascent was made on Wednesday evening, at Cremorne Gar- dens, by Mr and Mrs Brown, in the presence of a large concourse of spectators. The night being remarkably clear, the flight of the balloon, which for some distance was in- dicated by brilliant and various-colored lights, was easily discerned for miles, not only ¿om the Gardens, but from all parts of the city. It travelled at a rate of about fifteen miles an hour, and in a north-westerly direction.-Agc. GUBERJTATORIAL Vi SITS.-From Tasmania we have later papera to the 15th inat. The local news is unimportant. The Hebart Town Mercury announces as a "fact" that Sir Wm. Denison will shortly visit Tasmania. He was invited by Sir Henry Barkly to ae eompany hint in the Victoria, to be present at the submerging of the marina cable, which it to connect Tasmania and Melbourn«, tad which it daily expected to arrive in Hobson't Bay by the Omeo- He had, however, pre- viously accepted an Invitation to visit Hobart Tow», and he will probably arrange to meet Sir Henry Barkly ut Launceston. It it rumored that Sir Richard M'Donnell, Go- vernor of South Australia, has also been in- vited to join the Vice-Regal party. Th« arrangements for laying the cable with the least possible delay after its arrival are under- stood to be completed. Though the Mereury to confidently speaks of Sir Wm. Denison*! visit, the Cornwall Chronicle question! the fact, professing to be in possession of infor- mation enabling it to 6tate " that there is very little probability of the Governor- General leaving Sydney for the next six months, at all events."-Ag*. THE BENDIGO SLUDGE CHANNBL.-The Chairman of the Sandhurst Municipality has informed the Council, that he has ascertained at the Public Works Office, Melbourne, that Captain Pasley and a staff of engineers were to be in Sandhurst within nine or ten days, to peg out the new channel for thc removal of the sludge, and that the work would be commenced at once. Mr Simons has also re- ported a conversation he had with Mr Bruce, from which he concluded that it was the in- tention of the contractors to proceed vigor- ously with the railway works in the neigh- borhood of Bendigo, and at once to put on 2000 men between the Big Hill and Castle- maine.-Age. POTATO RAISING MACHINE.-A public trial of this useful agricultural implement, the invention of Mr J. Millar, F.R.S., took place on Friday, the 11th instant, on the farm of Sidney Ricardo, Esq., M.LA, at Hiedelberg. The result was an eminently successful one, as, indeed, might have been expected, when it is remembered that this instrument wou the gold medal prize at the Port Phillip Farmers' Society's show in September last. The principle of the machine is that it supersedes the old plan of potato digging by hand, and does the work of extracting the root from the ground with greater expedition, facility, and completeness, and, more efficiently pulverising the soil, works. the ground so that at a very little further cost of labor and expense the land may be cropped afresh. The machine itself is drawn by a couple of horses, and, throwing the potatoes on one side, is followed by per- sons called "pickers," who gather the potatoes into heaps, afterwards to be sorted and bagged, ready for market. With 2 horses, a driver, and 12 pickers, it was proved yester- day that the machine can do in a given time the work of three times that number of men by the ordinary process. The pros- pectus gives it out that as many as eight acres can be got through in the day; but this must be thc maximum, supposing everything to be favorable, and the ground in good order. The trial yesterday was made upon undulating ground; and <*rtainly, when the instrument had been adjusted to the land it had to travel over, it did ita work in an excel- lent manner. For one half hour it was timed, when it was found that it dug up 12 30-inch drills, each 100 yards' long, it being thrown out {of gear in risingAhe hui; tims proving that upon level ground, where the hone power is sufficient to work, both ways, it can come very nearly up to the specified require ment, tint itj.MîSaaat «Boving for ordinary ar accidental stoppages-being atibe cate of an soe per tam sad a quarter,-a «airing ot titre and expense 'widen is a matter of ¿esp ' coñBidaation to the agricsdtariat. Tho were' aetesi wTeB-known tarrners on the ground, who expresaedth^ Trifh the implement and ita performance. Asrgta. TOSSING vos A VEBDICT.--It will be in the j recollection of the public that at the last j Circuit Court a man of the name of Conroy ¡ was tried and found guilty of robbing Mrs i Shaw, of Kew town, and that it was then »tated that the jury, who liad retired, being unable to .agree upon a verdict, tossed among themselves to decide it. The coin pro- nounced a verdict of guilty, and the prisoner was duly sentenced by the judge. We now ; loam that Conroy, baying obtained full in- formation of the transaction, together with ! the names of the parties who proposed, and how the tossing was effected, has applied to i the Sheriff for leave to draw up a memorial j to the Governor, praying to be released from gaol, as having been unlawfully convicted. The Attorney General and his colleagues will get rather a queer nut to crack in this memorial. We shall await their decision with some curiosity.-Comtitution. A MODEL CrjBBSSFOirBsxx.-The Sobar) Toten Adeertuer for the want, we presume, rf better matter in its issue, fills upwards of two columns of its leading space with the. effusions of a "Special Correspondent'* in Victoria. The character and education of the writer may be judged of by the following choice paragraphs.. The whole tenor of the letter displays a violent partizanship on behalf of the Ministry :-"I think it is mnch to be deplored" that the people should send into Parliament a parcel of hot-headed scoundrels, breathing out * threatenings and slaughter ' against every one superior to them- selves ; anxious to demolish where they are ¡ powerless to create ; eager to revolutionise the masses, that theymay benefit from the general plunder; men who profess to-hold the theory of progress ; while at heart they are the most inveterate disciples ot the Obstructionist principle. There are some men in cur Vic- torian Legislature who ape the most ridicu- lous conceits, and assume pompous airs of assumed dignity which so ill'become them, that, like fine apparel upon thu limbs of a ' black-leg*-they serve the more readily to expose the deception of the pretender«, who are, of course, most cautiously avoided by those who entertain any self-respect, or feel a rirtuous abhorrence for arrant ecoundrelism." 