ANNUAL MEETING OF THE BRITISH MEDICAL ASSOCIA. TION. Dr. Christison delivered the address on Therapeutics. "He began by saying that therapeutics, considered as a branch whcther of medical science or medical art and compared with the other branches of medicine, funda mental or practical, was in a backward and unsatisfactory condition, It was not enough to admit that, for a good many years past, they cogid neither point to a single great authority nor to a single plausible or generally-admitted theory as to the actions of remedies, but even their therapeutic facts must be allowed to be too often scanty, vague, or insecurely founded. In the history of physic, it had been long the fashion to be never without a popular therapeutic theory, and the doc trines of solidism, humoralism, capillary, circulation, &ae;, were successively and with one accord believed in the medical world. Soon after the dawn of thle century, Iowever, a clearer stream of thoqght con ducted to the discovery that all these so called theories were no real theories qt all y -that they were not generalizations ;s facts, but were hypotheses of airy tounds to tion. A great revulsion had followed, o nald flcts alone had core ilnto demand, and is though Ia tendency had been exhibited, i- regard to some diseases, to fall back on r- a kind of humloralism, no thernpeutle to theory had for maniy years taken firm hold e, of professional favor, or outlived an ephes, \- nierl existence. It was to this ulpli r at occupied state of tile professional w' ad it that they owed the partial success in :.ese t, days of the grandest imposture in the his tory of modern therapeotics. All otlher to qualkeries which daily Ilourished and r, perished before them were simlply empirical quackeries of the coarsest kind, and success I with themt was a compound ratio of fortu= nate lying and lavish advertising. HIence it was that such quackerlies presented little or no attraction to the medical mind ; it was rare that a medical man adopted any quack nostrum except his own. (laughter.) But the famous author of hotmosopthy took his measures better. lIe came at a lucky hour, when neither his creed nor himself had any popular rival to contend with. lie knew medical human nature Y well, and was quite aware that the 9, theoretical has invincible charms for the g imaginative. IIe had a prurient invention, d and struck out at once what must be admit ted to be a grand hypothesis-that like was to be cured by like; that disease was to be encountered by a parallel, and there. fore neutralizing artificial disease. It was true that he had tremendous errors to , maintain, in order first to found and after \- wards to apply this hypothesis. But they were not so great as to be beyond reception by the credulous; and had he been content with stopping there, his HIomoion Pathos might have flourished. 0 Inutoxicated, however, with his first success, lie ventured a bolder stroke, and professed t also the doctrine of attenuated doses-so infinitely attenuated as to defy the external .t senses, surpass comprellension, and outrage comamon sense. Had he been somewhat more temperate in his ' dilutions;' if, in stead of dealing with billionths, trillionths. decillionths of a grain he had been con tent with palpable and visible hundredths or even thousandtbs, Ilnlhnetannn, escaping the shafts of ridicule, and demceuding from the heights of impossibility, would have made many more converts amongst the credulous in his profession. lie might Ihave founded a long-lived sect, instead of finding a few fleeting admirers. Instead of a passing meteor, lie night have become a comet in the firmament of physic, 7 brilliant though erratic, nebulous indeed and unsubstantial but 'perplexing nations.' (laughter.) Let them be thankful that the extravagance of his pretensions had laid bare their imposturo and let them leave him to the repose into which he and his doctrines were rapidly subsiding. Mr. Miller, the professor ofSurgery in the University of Edinburgh, proceeded to deliver an address on Surgery, ,....And is not the world possessed of ample proof that there are many noble men among you ready to discharge duty In love, at every risk of cost and danger ? I take but two examples; on the morning of the 23rd of September, four years ago, as our troops marchled on fromnt the hard fought field of Alma, a grey mass was left on the plain, settled down as if without life or motion. Now and then, we are told, an artm might ie seen waved aloft, or a man raised himself for a moment, looked round, *and tll ls Iy do,n aginan 760 wounded Russians are lying thlere. Nearly sixty long hours have they passed In agony on the ground; and now, with ut little hope of help or succour more, we must leave them as they lie. Their wounds have been bound and dressed; and, alike unable to take them with us or to send them awayn , we nimust depart. Not all, however. Tlhey will not be alone. A British surgeon remains to give them help. Thompson, of the 44th, Is tile allotted man; and lie flinches not from his painful and desolate duty. IIe is told that his mission will protect him in case the Cossacks come; be is to hoist a flag of truce shoull the Russians appear; and then, provided with some ruin, biscuit, and salt meat, he is left alone with his charge. Days and nights this brave man faithfully performed his duty; in danger from the frenzied men around, in dangeor from the Cossacks, in danger from the pestilence that now stalked abroad. He soothed thie pained, and comforted the dying. In on day lie buried sixty dead. Who can tell, who can Imagine, thie terrible scenes of his lonely watchl On the 4th of October he re gained the camp, )veary and worn ; next day, io laid lhim down to die. Ills bones now bleach on that foreign shore; but the red sandstone of Cromarty marks, in grati r tude and pride, the birthplace of as true a man as ever breathed, and chronicles a deed above all Greek, above all Roman fame. Now we go to the water. An expedition' bound on a mission of peace and kindness to the African, is steaming up the Niger. At first, all goes well. Laborers and instruments of husbandry are landed; farms and colonies are begun; treaties are concluded, and prospects of success open on every hand. Soon, how over, thle scene changes. Nature ceases to be kind, and sickness comes in appalling forms. Of the three ships, two return t with fevered crews. The third holds on its course, manned by the survivors; in sor- I row, but yet In hope; in danger, but withl I oat fear or falteriug. At length, hov- E ever, they too are struck down; th, ship's I head is reluctantly turned, and they stearm hastily to ths sea for their lives. !there was death In the water and in the air, 'About, about, in root elandrout, the deathnres danced at night t The wster like a Wih's oils, burnt green and blue ant One after another the crew had fevered ; and, among the dying and the dead, two Europeans alone were left capable of any exertton. One worked the engines, the other took the helm; and as he stoodl on the silent deck one might have thought . him the Aucient Mariner uAlone, alone, all, anl alone, alone on i nde, idte 500, Ths many mein so benum..l--and they o t den did I Andd ound ULoulnld sllimy tinsllnlved on-enod so (lOokat upon the roiling lc and darer n) 7 eyes awa C 5 ioor lspn tole roling demO--aud ners the ildead men I lokd to Isarso tied ito p~y btp ere eer a preyrer had suiies. o- t A wictkd wlapso me, and mas m heart ae ds Hlere, however, tlp analogy falls. That( steersman's heart wss nqt lurnt isp; , is t prayer was neither unspoken nor uniherdI. Lle reached his rlestinatloi'lin safety ; ghost, I like, guiding that fever-ladan shi tlroogh c the dark watersofpestilence. Weary snitl sleepless exertion, himself sickening every linour, he yet gallantly worked his dity, and in tlslat working was sustained by a tnlghtihr arm that that of man or anfel. t Thlat steersman was the surgeon of h Aler .-:l'W4iam; ?.r hi: IF,..i. t Ttanger. To e preservntioa Oi Io else-dYing re nih of them we are lodcle for\ ir gallant couragell otr .... shown how the S le ofo" .ton, whenl the hour of i conmes,, Joar themselves as patriots 4 is men t .?u tlemen, It is wrong to b of such de ls, and such men a its r to express $ hope even, in the words of brave monarch mourning over a h death, that there are within this rapi '600 good as they P' Doubtless, it is yt for mai to boast. But at least thils is ri -let us Irmitate their example, jointly o1 severlnily striving under overycircumstlno and in every way, to benefit our fellow.ge1 and advance our noble calling. One wod more. A great work is doing in the earl While other countries arc either stationar or retrograding in their numbers, thn Anglo- Saxon race are steadily nud largei onl theincrease. The redundant popua emnigratory, spreads far and near throug. oat the whole world. And the grea Disposer of events bids them to liis gwej there. Tile carrying power, or mercantlk marine, Is placed alhost wholly in the4 hands, And the gold mines of Californil on the one hand, and of Australia, ant British America on the other, are hut a yesterday given them as means for carryiua on the great enterprise. With what object1 Not mmmercial alone, or even mainly; but the conveying of eavilization an( Christianlty to anil nations, and peoples, and tongues. In thlnat high nlssion the art ol hanlingia destined to play a noble pat. Now, as 1800 years ago, it is privileged prominently to assist in diffusing the message of' peace on earth, goodwill to men, and glory to God In the highest.' And let us note well how surgery, prat. tical surgery, is found to be pro-eminently honored thus, in arresting men's attention, gaining their confidence and love, and so securing the ?flliia teaporna fandi. At this hour a surgeon Is gallantly ploughing the Zambesi, the noble leader of a noble band, which, in the midst of peril and pri. vation, carries tidings of great joy to the vast continent of inner Africa. And sure Inm there is no heart here that does not beat quicker and more proudly, as we think on what David Livingstone has already done, and pray for success in what lie has yet to do. Other surgeons, Iighly accomplished in their art, and withll souls all on fire with love of their cause and kind, occupy other high places in the field. And in this labour of love, they, with their brethren at honel similarly, though more humbly employed, cast a new light and a now honour on our naeo; or, rather, they revive somewhat of the ancient glory which it had in Hlim, when by his hand the blind were made to see, the lame to walk, the dead to live. Surgery has thus her highest object given, and her highest success made sure. From her, and from her sons, faithfully serving Him, honour and recompense will not be with held ; the blessing will conie down which maketh rich annd addet no sorrow.'" 