THE "GHOST OP A PARLIAMENT." CFrom this daj'a J2fgister.~] The House of Assembly resumed its func- j tious yesterday just as placidly as though j nothing extraordinary had happened on the previous day. It is true the Attorney-General was not in his place; but we do not know whether his absence is to be interpreted into an expression of opinion that the sitting was illegal or not. It is, however, remarkable, that on a day when no fewer than four questions were to be addressed directly to him, that gen tleman should not present himself to the House; and, viewed in connection with the events of the preceding day, it may be under stood to convey a tacit doubt of the legality of tbe proceedings. Certainly the value of the inference is slightly affected by tbe fact that the Supreme Court sat yesterday. But there was nothing else to indicate the "delicate ground" on which the Assembly stood. The Speaker took the chair as usual; the Clerk announced the momentous fact with the cus tomary solemnity; and the honourable mem bers who bad notices on the paper for tbe day moved them with as much earnestness as though everything had gone on in the most perfect accordance with rule the day before. This is scarcely feir to the public, who are doubtless waiting with breathless anxiely for some demonstrative proof that the legislation of the session will undoubtedly have tbe force of law notwith standing the collapse of Thursday. Take the very first measure of tbe session—the CenEus Bill—as an illustration of the inconvenience that may arise bom the perpetuation of the doubt now existing. It is quite possible that many persons may neglect or refuse to comply with the requirements of that measure, on the ground that it was the production, in part, of a Legislature which hud no legal existence. If any attempt is made to punish their recusancy they will appeal to legal tribunals to determine whether they are amenable to any binding law or not. We are confident that a gentleman with the legal acumen and. forensic ability of the Attorney-General, retained on their behalf, could make out a case which would be, if not absolutely unanswerable, at least exceedingly difficult to answer satisfactorily. Precisely the same reasons which render it necessary to pass an Act to take the census make it most desirable that the validity of that Act should he beyond all question. And to make it so the House must do something more than slur over the lapse of which the whole country is cognizant. In recurring to this subject wo are not actuated by a " spirit of mischief," but are endeavouring to exercise a prudent and proper precaution. That there sufficient foundation for the doubt is, we think, apparent from the brief views of the case we presented yesterday. Our views are fortified by those expressed simultaneously by our contemporary, which, indeed, are much more strongly put than we ventured to make the expression of ours. We did not wish to create an embarrassment which might have no . substantial foundation; hut our contemporary roundly asserts that the House of Assembly " committed suicide" on Thursday. Remem bering that the master spirit of the Advertiser forms a portion of the suicidal House, we are puzzled to know how the writer of the follow ing words could comfortably take a part in the business of legislation yesterday until some distinct solution of the difficulty had been ob tained from the Speaker:— " It would too much savour of red-tapism to complain that the Speaker, in to life a dead. Parliament, had done to * irregularly." We must excuse the mode of operation iu honour of the deed itself. There is a story of a tyrannical Bashaw who fell overboard, and on beinv seized by the pig-.tail just as he was sinking for the third time, signalized his rescue by ordering the immediate execution of the unfortunate wretch who dared to insult that awful appendage. We must not evince a similar spirit toward * 13r. Speaker;* bat it is an nndonbtcd fact that he declared the House adjourned, dispersed the members, scattered the reporters, and, contrary to al rule and order, was sitting in the chair a quarter of at hour afterwards, presiding over the deliberations of the adjourned session." The words we have printed in italics are not so emphasized by our contemporary; but by giving them this prominence we have only done justice to the spirit of the whole article, as we will presently show by further extracts. But first, we would remark that it appears to us to partake very little of the red-tape element j to question the vitality of " a dead Parliament ," to which the semblance of life has been given ! " contrary to all rule and order." A Parlia ment really defunct (meaning thereby a session terminated) can only be resuscitated consti tutionally by the summons of Her Majesty or j her representative; and we are quite serious in affirming the possibility that this formality may yet have to be observed in relation to the House ofAssemby. It is obvious that it matters nothing whether the period of hybernation was "a question of an hour" or a quarter of a centuiy • the session really over, the House has no power to reassemble suo moiu, It would be a curious plea to urge in the case of the supposed appeal to the Supreme Court that the deed was a good one, and must be held to justify the irregularity of the operation. However, we will now proceed by other quotations from the Advertiser's com ments on the occurrence, to show that our contemporary (and, by consequence, one honourable member of the Assembly at least) is clearly of opinion that the House lias no legal right to sit since tbe adjournment on Thursday. Our contemporary commences by saying— '■ The House of Assembly nearly committed euicide on Thursday. Indeed the House of Assembly did commit suicide, but was foitunately galvanized into lite again by a dexterous effort on the part of the Speaker. We have all heard of the resuscitation of persons supposed to be drowned, and of the recovery of persons after being hangeu (and who, a3 bom to be hanged, couldn't le drowned); we have also heard of the Egyptian mnmmy who was suddenly electrified into life by some mysterious process at a meeting or the Philosophh-a' Society. To these memorable instaneesof the rekindling of the vital spark after it bad Bed must now be added that of the rekindled fires tchicb loere suffered, to die out upon tbe altar of the colonial St. Stephens." What is this but a metaphorical mode of affirming that the Speaker did that wliieh in law it is utterly impossible ho could have done? But the affirmation is repeated in various forms throughout the article, and the fact cf the definite termination of the session is even more directly stated. We will make another extract, calling attention to the parti cular expressions which most strongly support our case by printing them in italics :— " The Speaker took the chair, and bestowed occasional glances at the four or five members who were era-cd before him. A bell was then rung to summon the Joiterere, and a few answered to tbe call; still there was no quorum, and after waiting the appoi. ted time the Speaker declared the House adjourned tilt 1 o'clock next day. and immediately left the chair, fallowed by most of I the. hon. members then present, and by the reporters of tli® press, who quitted the gallery immediately on the ! adjournment being declared. "And now arose the difficulty. The Visual formality cf moving' that tbe House at its rising do adjourn lift ' the next or some future day, had been omitted and, consequently, the. Saute, of Assembly teas legally defunct! Invested with the power of adjourning its 1 sittings from one day to another, the Legislature has no po^er of calling itself together if once separated other 1 than by adjournment. The Assembly had clearly given ' the coup de grace—hid shuffled off Urn mortal coil afth, session at its very outset, and had become really nothing more than the ghost of a Parliament, "Bat the Speaker—to whom the Boyal Humane Society should award its gold medal—by a f ew judicious passes galvanized tbe dead bnt not cold body into life. The lion, gentleman toon the chair again—a proceeding which had the tame effect upon those members stib lingering in the prcciucts of Ibe chamber as tbe retro, gression of the sou would have upon the animal creation —supposing that orb to wheel round the chariot of day immediately after having driven it into the domain of I melit. ' The Speaker is in lbe cbair;" ft on. members could not understand it; one after another ran io see the sight; a 'House' was tbus formed, and business was entered upon, greatly to the scandal of the Standing | Orders, and, as events proved, much to the diseomfiture of the Commissioner of Public Works. The defunct Assembly being revivified, the first act was to achieve a defeat oi tbe Government." On the case as thus stated by our contem porary we maintain that the resumption of the i chair by the Speaker was just as completely a constitutional impossibility as the imagined " retrogression of the sun " would be a physical ' impossibility. In point of fact the chair was taken, not by the Speaker, but by plnin Mr. Kingston, and the gentlemen who " ran to see the sight" had no more legal authority to form "a House" than the juvenile party of hell ringers to whom we have suggested that a specific Parliamentary function 3hould be entrusted. These are indisputable tacts, if I the views enunciated by our contemporary are correct. And we again say, that a member of the Assembly, holding those views, occupies ' a curious position in sitting and voting, though the Assembly had not become " legally defunct," without taking some steps to relieve his procedure from all possible ambiguity. It is true that our contemporary refers to the unringing bell in vindication of the Speaker's action; but he expressly states that that " pretty story" is not quite satis factory." Still we must confess that " the hell, the bell" offers the only conceivable mode of getting oat of the difficulty. That hell, we trust, will not haunt Mr. Speaker in his dreams as a certain other ] bell perpetually invaded the peace of mind ol J another eminent character—Mr. Budge, senior. Indeed, the recollections of the two personages must necessarily he widely different in cha racter,- for the one told of black midnight I murder, while the other speaks of an act" of resurrection and salvation. The Red-Cross | Knight, of pious memoiy, demanded that *4 The mass should be euog; The bells Bhould be rung, And the feast eat merrilie, merrUie." Hous6 of Asscmblyj &1qs 1 &rc; ^uitc wil- ' ling to dispense with the first- mentioned cere mony ; while their too ardent devotion to the j last caused the catastrophe of Thursday. But their agreement with the valiant crusader in the second demand may possibly redeem them from an ignominious fate. By the 34th Stunding Order it is required that "the doors of the House shall he unlocked whenever the Speaker is engaged counting the House, and the bells shall I be rung as in a division." The bells were not rung, and therefore it may be held that the Speaker had no power to declare that there was " no House." If he had no authority to declare the adjournment, of course the ad journment was illegal; in fact there was no adjournment. The argument, we fear, will not I bear examination; but it is the best that has been offered.. 