CALIFORNIA. By the Hebe we have San Francisco papers to the 8th of August. The Californian intelligence is unimportant. The Victoria (Vancouver) Gazette of July 5 gives the following extracts from a correspondence from Fort Yale : Accounts from Prince Albert Forts near Fort Vale continue to be favourable' Miners who have taken up claims there assure me that the pay-dirt yield, 5 cents, to the pan. As the flat is of considerable extent it will afford profitable employment to hundreds for many years. On Sailor Bay, about seven miles above? Fort Yale, a man named Meade and Ms partner, according to their own state, ments, made 50 tons, each per day In consequence of the very small supply of water, this extensive bar is monopolised by these two miners. Some Chinamen have settled on an elevated flat beyond Spuzzeni; they convey the dirt in wheelbarrows to the river s brink The pay-dirt is sufficiently certain ampIS """i On Emory's Bar the ditch has been carried back, but the bank diggings have not turned out so good as was generally expected. " 4 The miners are sinking prospecting, shafts in the mountains back of Hill's Bar. No gold has yet been found, but. from certain indications known to experienced miners, it is hoped that success will attend these operations. The latest accounts from the Upper i! roses are most encouraging. Rich alluvial diggings have been found in the neighbourhood of Fort Alexander, and LyttonT aiUl rICh dlT diggings near There is a silver mine to the eastward of Sailor Bay. Specimens of the ore have been exhibited here. It is also asserted that quicksilver has been discovered. NEW DIGGINGS-The reports of the new diggings in the vicinity of Fort Alexander had been confirmed, and many .otai*-.¡T..~-vm-»««gar-Tnver~aTnr~tno Upper Fraser districts were preparing to start for the new locality. On the Lower Fraser, owing to the fall of the river, several bars were being worked to advantage, and the general news from most of the mining localities seems very favou- tablets. SALT LAKE In the Sacramento Weekly Union of July 16 we find the following, relating to the Mormon territory :-" We received a call last evening from a former highly respectable resident of this State, whose name we suppress, from prudential considerations, who gives us some interesting facts in relation to affairs at Salt Lake. He has been in business in different portions of the territory, and has direct knowledge of what he affirms. He states that he has the most positive evidence that his own letters directed to his address, had been suppressed in the Mormon post-offices, after they had been recognised by Acts friends; also that Mormon your," men eye-witness of, and participants in, the Mountain Meadows massacre,, had informed him that elder Moxon's had forced them to go, much against their wishes, and engage in the butchery, and even now they shed tears when they speak of it. Judge Cradlebaugh had examined some U witnesses in relation to the matter, and has the most positive evidence of the complicity of the Mormons in it. he thinks Brigham Young did not advise, the murder, although he has not publicly denounced it. In private conversation, with our informant, however He stated that three bishops of the lower towns. -"easy,,, u, wie lower OWES, Parawan, Cedar City, and the town embracing Mountain Meadows, were engaged in it with Mormons is looses sections, and if the United States Government had not meddled in it he would have punished them before this. Brigham denounced particularly John J Lee,, one of the town bishops- M-G-M vicinity of the tragedy, as a ringleader in the matter. A young man who was in the employ of Brigham at the time when it happened assured our informant this when the news was brought by express. to, Salt Lake City, Brigham burst out in, tears, went to his room, and was sick fish some time on account of it. We were also informed that after the men at the Mountain Meadows were killed, the women were treated with the utmost barbarity by the Indians are Mormons. Unheard of cruelties and tortures were practised which, delicacy forbids us. to mention. We are further assured that Governor Cumming is notoriously under the influence of Brigham's often in liquor, and that under his administration the example will be made of the massacre, It is stated, however, that there, are many good and honest men among the Mormons, who cannot believe that such a tragedy was enacted, except by Indians ; also many ignorant men, from whom the information is kept, and who would not sanction it. Our informant adds that Cedar City, near the locality of the massacre, which formerly contained about 1,000 inhabitants, is now nearly depopulated, and that Mormons told him seriously they were afraid to live there, for they saw the ghosts of those slain walking at night, Such is the teaching of their guilty consciences, or perhaps, in same instances, the results of bearing the tragic scenes recited by the perpetrators. 