ACROSS THE WORLD, (From Cluwibers'.s. Journal.), Anchored off Margate— our first nig'nt afc aea. ? Fh* town -lights gem the blacfcnoM- astern with & cluster of dim, fallen stars,, and mate us long for the warm welcome, and the warm hearth of home. Ndw in a monotonous patter^ajjojjj^11 a Etmein_ff' slanting shower, the rain rattles; on- -tlie- tarpaulin! over the- main hatchway. A few waterproof inter mediates, shunning the discomfort of the 'tween-, decks,, whore chaos is, still regnant, slouch, smoking: along the sodden deck— looming through, the murk. in- their strange swathing, like, ghosts of polar bears. Somebody is singing a drearily comic song' in the saloon, the swaying lamps of which send; a. broad patch of bilious- looking yellow across the* damp ropes hanging and coiled about the, mainmast. A. dead sheop, dangling- from the gullows, puts, on a. suicidal aspect when the sickly lustre shimmers* over it. The vf atch are clustered about, the galley,. th'e ffre of which the sleepy, sulky cook, is just about- to quench. The moan of the foul wind.. is fast rising- into a roar, broken every now.and then with, a wicked, wolf-like howl, as though' the hungry gale grew impatient for its prey, -'jlbst. of-us, in mind or body,, are sea-sick already. Moraing. With limbs cramped by qur coffin * like bunks, wherein all night long we have pitched up and down, rocked out of slumber ; with heads sore with blows against the side, and aching thrqugh sleeplessness and. steaming stench, we hurry upon deck, to let the wild rain beat refreshingly upon our brows, and stretch our legs as far as the rolling ship will suffer us. No. messes have been formed. Each man gets his. own tea from the galley, and perched, with the most woe-begone- of looks, on box or barrel, sops his biscu.it- and thinks dolefully of the cozy breakfast that only yesterday— what a time ago it seems ! — he took on shore. The poor women do not so much as pretend to- eat. Nausea and nostalgia combined have converted even the neatest, handsomest, prettiest, kindest of them into selfish, tallow-faced, helpless sluts. When a moment's respite permits them to raise their heads for a moment from their basins, they bitterly reproach their husbands for having lured them on board ship ; pray, with a plaintive absurdity, to be put that instant ashore ; and snub, with all the energy their debility allows, the pale, seared children that wail around their crumpled skirts. Cqelebs, seeing Benedick made nurse to the luckless brats — with one to dress, another to dandle, and all to watch — repeats bis vow that he will die a bachelor. Married men hive the advantage over us on shore, perhaps ; but any one who has noted the mute des pair that clothes their countenances vjhen- they are clumsily ^tending their wives and families at sea, knows well that then they env)r, with a fiendish jealousy, our ' single blessedness.' Now the rain comes down less massively. The sky is no longer a full sponge, hut a smudged slate. Fiercer than ever, however, the wind roars landwards — ' a mighty rushing wind' — with a multitudinous sound of wings, as though the angels .that kept not their first estate were hurrying to \- their doom. Our top-gallant masts are struck, and we are just about to let go another anchor j for every time the good ship rises from the leaden, white-rnaned billows that welter towards the town, a» if they meant to bury it in their gloomy maws, the jerking cable sends a shiver through her from stem to stern. Suddenly the 6trong chain snaps like a silken thread— sixty fathoms are gone: the remnant, with a dull, dolorous thud, heard even through the roaring of the gale, heats idly against the bows. TKe ship broaches to ; the women, with road screams, and the men, with ashy faces, watch her, a mere log left to the mercy of the cruel waves, fast drifting on to a lee-shore. Half a score of the luggers that have been skimming through the scud like Mother Carey's chickens, manned by brave fellows on the look-out for such a mishap, are instantly down upon us with their help. Fortunately, we do not require it. Skipper, mates, and crew leap like maniac monkeys to the forecostle— round goes the windlass; the second cable is paid out, and we bring up — a good deal nearer to Margate than we were a few minutes before — but .still, .all safe and sound. One of the luggers comes alongside, carrying away our starboard whisker with her mainmast. One of the strange, stiff bundles of sou'.wester and tarred oilskin that constitute her crew, manages ito acramble on board— a huge, jolly fellow, with a damp-dimmed shiny face like moist mahogany, whom we instantly christen Mr. Peggolty. He has lost his voice j and it is hard to keep from laughing at the smdll whisper that comes from this mighty frame — like a mouse creeping out of a mountain, when he inquires whether he shall bring us' off.an other'.auchor and cable. Trie captain .goes ashore with Uim-to .make the purchase. The .weather has moderated, -«'hen the boat returns with its bulky freight, the coils and protruding .flukes , of which make it look like a fanged Typhon. We ship .and . fish-the anchor without trouble; and next morning1 weigh its fellow, and stand blithely southwards, sheered by the pure air and mellow sunlight of a bracing October -day. ,Ssd signs of yesteriioy'Bjgale, however.do we t,ee,-as wejsweep along ; fragments, of * spars.; boats ^bottom upwards j a nian'e mangled am still holding? handful of sea-weed in, a death grasp, two brigs, a schooner, and a bark high und drynpon:the beach— their shattered, water- whitened sides .looking .like ribs of carcasses that wolves have picked. We run -so *near the -land, 'that *ve can plaittly-make out the dark pointers, with theiv noses' doicn-and tails up, in the yellow stubble.; die .fox- ; hounds sweepicgidown the side of ui gieen liill, fol- ? loured by - their.red-co&ted; cavalry ; ?tbe-j)lou£hroan' turnmj»-up his furrow -with iflashtng share, attended ! fey grave, sleek, clericaUloftV'mg tooka ,iji ,-quejtt.Qf.; the, cool,, pink, radish -like cnrtlnwimi;,1wbioli(,al*n), we almost jfamy ithat^-w* can see. 'The -country ? gleams' fresh after the'late rain. The villages -unite : eo peacefully that it is hart! -to realise that .tlve.fr' bouses rocked yesterday beneath thestorm, tU&t; the . flying: spray sprinkled their. Michaelmas daisies with salt dew, and the shrieks of drowningmen ;came through their shuddering lattices. ^Everything, so full of quiet beauty; that, ' cabined, cribbed, con fined' as we are, we envy the free- ro.amingiRpnr.ts- mea.aad.rustics, .and lo.ug.for a tun -cu. shore. As we go, we heave the lead ; a very green youth amongst us imagines, that the man in the main chains, is angling for the missing, anchor, and when he.hegins.to haul in Iholin9,.explainis. exnltingly : 'Charley's gob ib, Charley's got it!' The wind falls foul' again. Weary board after board we make, but all to no avail. Beaconed, DunReness.stretcheiisr » out, like a, giant's, arm with a baton to bar- our progress. Willy some hundreds of other ship3 — ? most- of them with battered bulwarks or truncated spars, shewinp traces of the recent gale, — we. are compelled tobring up in. the I}nwns. It is, a-, cat in j clear night: A long, line of lights shews where Deal stretches along the shore. The waves splash drowsily, us if tired out with, hayoe ; the wind moans Eajlly, as. if penitent for the evil, it has dqne. With their voiqea i* blent the wild vail of tha bugles, floating over the starlit waters from Walmer. The morrow is Sunday. Every ship's flag flies, half-matt high.. On the staff above the grey. old. tower, England's standard, droops in heavy folds. Through a glass we can discern tho dark-coated riflemen, with arms reversed, keeping sombre sentry over the. corpse of England's greatest captain. In that stern old castle rest the. ashes of Arthur Wellesley, amid the manly sobs and proud tears of the nation that he saved. One exception only is there to the reverence which the fleet, anchored, before his coffin, pay to his remains; the- French trioolor is ohivalrnusly lowered; but the stars and stripes, with vulgar insolence, are. run up to the peak. Off again at last. Dover's win dows flash in the sunlight like laughing stars as we run by,. Dungenesa in vain holds out its rod j ship after ship, like rebellious boys mockiug a paralysed schoolmaster, trips siucily past the impotenlly extended arm. On, th,o morning of our second Saturday at sea, we are bugging the Devonian' shore.— like wakening beauties, smiling good morrow to us as they lay aside their gauzy cover lets of gold-embroidered lavender. At noon we cast anchor; in Plymouth Sound. Here we have to wait three days for cargo, mails, and Channgl-dreadin-r. passengers. An eager rush 13 made for the shore and the post-office. Our letters read, we ramble through the quaint old town , quite proud of the nautical roll that our nine days' voyage has given us. It excites the satire of the small hoys, who rJnrsue us with derisive inquiries of, 'How many days out from Blackwall?' &c.; Two of us, however, are fortunate enough to be taken for real sailors. Entering a church on Sunday, we are left, of course, as St. James does not direct, standing, and looking very foolish, in the aisle. But. presently an old lady i^_mourning totters out of her pew, with a tearful heart}1'- ' Come in he.re, my dear boys; my poor Tom was a sailor 1' We gratefully take the seats that the kind soul proffers us, but feel, with much com punction, that we have obtained them under false pretencis. During oar three days' stay, we exhaust the lions of Plymouth, Devonport, and Stonehoiise; and to make amends for our late ' hard tack' and ' s*lt horse— salt, with n plight flavour ofJbeef, is the best description of the marine pidce de resistance — we gorge ourselves with 'soft tommy' and roast goose. On Monday afternoon, we weigh again, and are standing put to sea, wh-sn a boat, fiercely pulled, overhauls us. A haijiff climb? up the side, ai|d after briefest explanation carries off one of our number, who has remained perdu in his cabin dining the whole time th-it we have lain in port. His pior wife and chiluVn sre left pennyless, to get on as well as they can by themselves in Australia. A lit tie. further ori a'hoat shoves off from a smaek that is lying to, and .brings us, to make up for our late loss, a ge.Qtleman who has equal reason to .dread bailiffs, hut whp has been nwre fortuiuta in shun-, ning them. England skimmed off a deal of itB' social scum iii 18-51 and 1852 — shot a vast quantity of its rubbish at the antipodes during the continu anc« of tbe,gold~fever. With a few exceptions— to parady Coleridge. — : Wo wcrp n blackguard crew ! ' The ' rough,' the cyprian, tlio roue, and the 'slip- pery Ash' elements greatly predominated. Pugil istic eostermongeis, brandy-loving penny-a-liners, actresses of doubtful reputation, rouged ladies, about whose character there could be no doubt at all, young follows reeking from, London cider-cellars and continental casinos, military adventurers, with ? morals in an inverse proportion to their moustaches, fraudulent insolvents, Irish rebels,- and London piekpopkets, ,are ouly a few of the uncomplimentary categories uudet which I could class the reputable lot-with whom I failed to Melbourne. Scamps and demireps though we he, however, we bid farewell to our natal shores with? most decorous sentiment. Inspired .with patriotism by British beer, we muster-' on the poop, and' sing /;fc '/ .$*-wty -,'' ,gW.d chorus, bb momentarily the :blue hills fade,,,an,d Eddyfltone's star glances with a keener brilliance I -thrn'ngh the gloaming. 'Iflftbe B/iy of Biscay, 0 !' The-uaa, but in .no ? proverbial -sanse, makes mountains of .mole-hills; ?There is no Bweep in the waves; they plump up nernnndieularlv t— irremilar cones — black boils isloughing in ..sqnintny foam. Over thorn the chip ?jolts-like a cart in a ploughed field. The most in itensely nautical of us now gWe in; n perpetual ?volley of BCA-sickness runs rattling round the ?'tweep rdecks. The fialoou cook enjoys a. sinecure. 'Those of us who do not kaop our berths, hang over ithe 'bulwarks, -with dizzy brnin and lack-liHtre eyes, tlonging to drowu our troubles in the seething main, tand- wondering if, under .such circumstances, suicide ibesj'p. ?But .the^vnr-rid ;bay, with -its lumpish waves and (leaden sky, in crossed atiast; 'beneath a sapphire (heaven,, we get into. the .long swing of the Atla/iijc }bi|lo«s, Sickness ,ie .ovor:and;past,,flnd ;the liiiie ff»jr'tlifli«inging of songs fa. come, iSeasoned for-the ivoynge, we: attack with appetite the^'Jobscouse,*' tthflt a (lay.or two before , would b:ive;(-ivm.u9, in' -.tbe expressive Scotch phrase, ' u scunner,' light fxtx pipes once more, play chess -and Cisrds, . nnd -make the calm evenings merry with tripping dance .and trolling glee. We fancy that we arc oW heal s now, JiutKOon find tjiat we have plpnty.of troubles, ij'cUo co me, 'Black, -filmy, raggetT clouds; like torn cobwepsi suddenly fringe the horizon ; suddenly they mount and meet, shrouding the whole vault in gloom. The ; far-off sea is crisped by the coming gale; the mate has hardly time to cry : ' Stand by the royal hal liards !' before the storm is on us. The royals fly in rags from the bolt-ropes; hailstones, big as plums, ^smash- every pane in the cabin sky-llghjs ; the lightning writes its awful zigzags on the dark ened heavens ; the thunder rumbles and re 'rumbles round; tho mainyard snaps in the slings like a brittle twig ; tacks- and sheets fly hither and thither, doubling- like, lithe whipla.shes, as the bellying . and collapsing saili with a noise loud almost as the thundar, flaps in the furious MobU Chil dren. ?ax& caught up. by frantic mothers, and pitched down, the hitch. way, as 'fear maddened folks thj-o.n tlieir china, put of window at a fire. , Malq passengers ars knocked down like ninepins, as, in. response to the skipper's ' All hands on ' deck !' the watch below comes tumbling from the forecastle. Theship reels to nnd fro liken drunken man — nothing can beat the scriptural simile — and shudders every secohd minute as if she had been stung. We breathe again when they get the canvass, off her; but all night long sh? creaks like a crushed basket, and plays a charivari peal upon oar pots and pannikins that murders sleep. We speak the fiist sail we have sighted — a little schooner that has lost her longitude. We chalk the information she requires on a black-board, and hang it over the side, and ask her to report us at home ' All well.' The women follow her wistfully w,ith their eyes as she dwindles in the northern distance ; so do the men who are unmanly enough to remember they have mothers. The next day.'we pass Madeira. A cloud of siver tissue veils the island ; a gloriou.R rainbow spans the ' cloud ; a bride at the altar smiling . through her tears is what the sight suggests. Beyond the island, a golden haze broods on a golden sea ; the craft that dot it have an unreal, ethereal look ; they shimmer like phantom barks seen in a poet's dream. On the following Sunday, in the evening, we have service for the first time. The reading-desk is a harness-cask, hut the union-jack laid over it con. ceals its common-place vocation. The ship's bell tolls us to our seats — boxes and barrels — on the maindeck. A few irreverent sinners prefer the '? gallery,' as they call the ponp, whereon they sit kicking tlieir heels and smoking their pipes like heathens. But even these look serious when, in the blush of the 'purple twilight,' pierced here and there by a silvery star, the beautiful words of the Book of Common Prayer aie lead, and the psalm floats out upon the slowly suiging nn.d unfoaming waves. Within the tropics. The decks sweat tar ; the skin peels off our noses, decorating; their ends with fantastically curled' shavings. Shirt, trousers, and straw-hat ''are now the wonted wear. Everybody gets rid of his whiskers, and cuts everybody else's hair. It is prime fun to watch the operation. The barbee, seated on the bulwarks, grins savagely at each dig with the scissors that the rolling ship cqip peM the barber tq inflict, liut consoles himsolf with the thought that it will be his turn'next to torture. Effei vescing beverages fizz all day long, Picnic parties are made up for the jnaintop, where pale ale, pipes, and lizy chat, beguile the sultry hours. Beneath the awnings, lounge gamblers and novel readers, pln)os,t toq listless to play or turn their p-(ges. You maivol, that the sail -maker, perched amongst his heat- reflecting canvas on the long-bontj fs nnt scorched to death. Hundreds of flyiug-fuh flash silvery fqnn the dazzling water, and then drop i»t9 its co]j! depths ugain, pending up jets of rainbow-stinted spray. A few fall on the deck : we eat them, and find them — despite the poetical look of their glassy wings, azuru back, and silver holly — exceedingly) ike prosaic herring. A young shark takes our bait. Msugre his tender jenrs, a more fiendish expression than he owps I never ^flw. Original sin must stain fit,h &.s well as men. Inborn rascal ity gleams from the devilish eyes, and curves cruelly in the horse-shoo mouth of the finned baby. Him, too, when fried, we eat, and consider him like frjed sole. ' Pgrppiaes, porppises!' shouts a man on th'e.-foiecastle. ?' Porpoises, porpoises!' echoes ,ind re-echoes every one alpng tho deck. We run forward, and see the brown- back shoal shooting ath\vait thje bow, now cutting the water like plough shares, their dorsal fins just above the foam, and now playing leap.frpg, like boya let out of school fpr.a.u unexpected holiday. One of the crew is an old whaler's man. He takes the grains, and plants himself upon the martingale stay. Whizz goes the laucewith unerring aim, but .the shaft simps short : the ..wounded fish departs with the iron in bisside, marking his track with blood. His com rades give, their tails a ' Dpntyou,.wish.yQnrn.!iy catch-me ?' twirl, and dive down to Thetis with the sjpry. We manage, however, to grain plenty of;liohito — a beautiful Sab, glistening like polished silver— a delicious one, too, fpr it oafs like carp. Maqkarel Js the flavour ,ll(at the :'. Committee of Ta,st.e,'.ap Professor Owen would say,- assigns to a dolphin that we catch and cook. Its colours, when expiring, greatly disappoint us : a partially cured black eye would be almost as appropriate a simile as '.parting day,' so f.ir as delicacy of hue is con cerned, for the ?' dying dolphin.' When our day departs, when tho brief twilight changes aluiost instautly into ipelkuv .darkness, Jit by the blue trembling splendour of tropieal stars, the best of the twentv-four hours begins. On the poop there is n concert; on the maind'ck, ,a mad marked- bull. ; a jiulge .and jury, club, surrounded' by .grinning tars, holds its sittings on tho fore-i .castle; lovers, affectionate,but hardly as innocent' ? as iiov*s,,bill and coo in every comer; sea-struck youngsters gaze out upon the darkling waters, ifirnily believing that ^pn far jQff.lipht. they bee, just' lOn.tho^ine of thejhprijson, belongs. to ,a ;{-ira.te thftt :is;fj!8t bearing ,dowu .upon .us. Valorous aie-thei resolves of these sucking caihrs. 'We must all j lie down behind -the bulwarks, you -Uuow,' says little Dick to little 'Tom, 'then /limp up, give' jthiee British cheers, nnd bo.i-d him 1' The boat isivflin, a, weather-beaten man-of-war*,'* nvfn, fepda jtheir appetilc.for .arty.entn.re with.wjld yurAS,qf.,se.jr il'rfo. 'I only- rwnoinbor two of his tolas, -'I.was' a-sailing with 'Mad Charlie1 [Napier] once,' he sav.s. ' He had the Thomas frigate then. Well, we was Bi.practisin' at the guns, and a man got blown awny*while he was a-rainming homo the charge, 'cos his mate forgot to put his, finger on the ; vent-hole. 'You son of a sea-cook I' cries old Charlie^jSiiiiveSeiit a man to the devil! Put him in irons!'- Ana then. at night, to cheer us like, he gives us double, grog, and makes us go a whoopin' round the ship, like so many savenges. He was a rum un' was Old Charlie. !' Another time, the boatswain tells us, be was rer turning from Newfoundland. In the midst of a dense fog, he fancied that he smelt ice. All at once theinist lifted, and right ahead he saw two ice bergs— :one as blick as night, and the other clad. by a few stray sunbeims. in a robe of rainbows — rapidly nearing each otker. The ship had just time to shoot hetwecn tiiem, when, in the boatswain's phrase, they came'.to'gother ' like no end of broken bottles,' s,trewingthe sea with their glittering frag ments. If the oil Greeks, hud. ever ventured into the Atlantic, I should think that such a story had originated the myth of the Symplegades. To sleep in a berth now is simply impossible; yoti might as welitry to sleep in a brick-JH^CY^fc»* long-boat, spars, and poop, on maiipfficcq*aVd on forecastle, we laypur matt^lsiSMgrateful rather than otherwise, wlen«^JB^i|ig squall gives us a slight showetJtalk^rBne ought to have sweet drearn2t-CMn)nffi( the lovely sights on which the eyevroWfi : a peirly sky sprinkled with fleecy clouds, like handWs of fresh- washed wool; the broad moon, seemingly twice as high as in more temperate climes, silvering the swelling sails, and paving the gentlj heaving waves with trembling gold ; proud Orioi standing out clear in the clear hea.ven ; all- the s.nrs floating like gold-fish, not driven, in, like bras: coffin-nails, according to their English ldOk. Delicious is the bath in the big tub or lowered, Studding sail in the mo,rning 1 You feel your nerves being braced like scfeweff fiddle-strings, and put on your sh(rt a.t peace yith all the world.' Long calms, anl close, cloudy weather, only compensated for by some drearily magnificent sun sets. The heavens one dull laden hue, save for a chaotic -strip of luriJ, hopeless light. Again, the west is heaped with clotds — the dark, like smoke, the yellow Qiies, like flame. London; magnified a thousandfold, seen burning from Bankside, will .give a motion of their dismal grandeur. Disgusted with the little progress that we make, we all grow quarrelsome. One of the gallant soldiers in lliesuloon threatens to pull the chaplain's nos-e— the tSsasfrlain being -ft~poor meek- Methodist' missionary, notable to say 'Boh!' in a colloquy. In 'the 'tween deiks, the women 'fuff' at each other like cats ; the mm keep up a long low growl like sullen mastiffs. Gi the forecastle, there is a regular row between the csrpenter and the male; whilst they are fighting, a chain of the carpenter's, who has a grudge against the mate, btfikes- the latter from behind. There it almost an open mutiny now. In vain does the. captain talk of putting the men' in irons ; the rest of the crew declare tliat/iirthat csse, they will Hnot'k off, .we leave the passengers to work thp vessel. All this time, the heavens' have been gathering blackucos, ihe thunder is tolling, apd the lightning flashing round- I lie vessel. A tropical s.torm bursts qn ui in its fury. The lain cpmes down:iubucketfuls. This brings the men to tlieir sense?, aid they flee to shorten sail f'Luff, li|f)'l' bhiicks the skipper, pumping ibis arm like one possessed. The ship ticmbles in the wind as if she were frightened. It is suddeily so dark that you oan hardly see the men lying tut upon the yaids. Like a. shattered sun, a mass of l.ghtning swoops from the zenith into the seething sear- for the reverberated crash that follpup, I can fhd no simile. -The 5th of November, and still north of the line1 Mercury at 100 degrees in ' the shade on Guy Fawkes's Day I Copper-coloured clouds of inijsmal mist from the African coast — dropping ever and anon lukewarm and unwholesome tears — wreathe us around ; a murky sky canopies us; the leiden sea heaves sluggish as the Styx. Despite our doleful surroundings, however, we manage to get up a little fuii, A Jivp Guy is carried round the ship, with braying horn, ' Remember, remembor,' nnd Pro testont and patriotic cheers. In the afternoon, a shark, fifteen feet long, preceded by four pilot-fish, swims up to n butter-tub that we have thrown over board ; not bciui; nblo to make a meal of tlint, he next rubfi his ugly snout against a bait of pork upon a shark-hook; but nil four of his attendants anxiously nudge him in tho side, to intimate thuj their lprd is in danger, whereupon his. Lonjness gives n sidelong, cunning glance at us with his criiel eyes, as though he said : ' You can't do mo — but.wpn'.t I serve you out for trying, If I catch any of you ?' and goes off about his business. \- Eight bulls is just about to strike, when a pistol fires, nnd ''Ship ahoy !' is heard beneath the bows The mate runs forwnrd — holds a brief parley with the Imiler — orders the mainyard to be hacked, and Neptune oomes on board. The skipper having been summoned to .receive the customary herring, and giyeithe usual information, the shaggy bearded divinity -intiinntes his intention of returning on the morrow, to celebrate his equatorial rites, at 2 p.m. Heis sprry, he .adds .with politeness, that he cannot name an earlier hour, but this emigration worries the life out uf him — there are such lots of vessels to visit. I i(iay mention, as a curious philological fact,, that Neptnne talks with a strong Irish accent. He comes back, according to his promise, with Ainpliitritc,' Triton, doctor, barber, clerk. Tar nnd something else unmentionable form the lather far crew and obstreperous passengers ; -flour and treacle for willing victims amongst the -latter. -Those who prnpitiatetl)c deity with libations of rum arc merely Kpriukled with salt water, and sworn in us' special constables, to aid -in carrying out his decrees. As usual, there arc thrco razors, of various degrees of serratedness. Of course, as has been the custom from time immemorial, the brush — about the size of a small hearth-broom — is dalibed into the mouth of any unfottuiute razee who is simple enough to open it to anbwer a question. Of course, also,' nil the popr wvetchei are ducked .and yrfill dreu'jhe/1 subsequently with showers, from paihand-firq-. hose-holders posted in tops and rigging. A battle royal, with buckets, in which all participate, con eludes the ceremony. At nightfall, Neptune's flaming car is. lpwered to thp wnyes. Its red, smoky glare, contrasts strangely with the silvery moonlight, as. it rushe.s past the side. They shake tbe ship into the wind for a minute, to let it pass. For -half an, hour we watqh it rising and falling, falling and, rising, now blossoming out in crimson lilfe a, mons.ter peonr, now nothing but a flame-streaked wreath of smoke.. It dwindles, dwindles into a bright yellow speck, and disappears about five miles, off like, a settiug star.. We have sighted and spoken, so many ships, that we ate almost too lazy to get out the sigmil-box, or hail. Yankees ws have long given, up having any thing to say to, knowing well that they will, not re turn our courtesy. One that lay by us, for three days, in a calm, notwithstanding all our efforts to open a communication with her, preserved a rigid, supercilious silence. Americans are jealous of England's supremacy at se-ij and strive tp hide their envy by affecting to lotjfc- down on English ships and sailors. We see the Southern Cross for the first time, and are rather disappointed by it, thinking that it ought rather to b.e called the Southern IJite. Those beautiful patches of star-diist — the Magellan Clouds— come quite up to our expectations; but, on the whole, the southern heavens, save in. their liquid clearness, do not seem so glorious to us as they haye been represented. The stars straggle more than in the north, and some part of the sky is so thinly ' inlaid with patines of fine gold,' as tq have the. dreary \odk of tenements to let. Whales flounder round i^s in their unwieldy gambols, and send up their silvery jets ; kingly albatrosses float on their broad pinions after us for miles, and when the sea is calm, and the ship with reef-.points pattering on her sails, like rain, rolls, like a log upon the lazy swell, the trustful birds fold in their double-jointed wings, and swim up to the side for the crumbled biscuit that we fling them, as fearless as the water-fowl in St. James's Park. Regardless of the Ancient Mariner's fate, we cruelly bait hooks with b*ls of red cloth, — an irresistible lure to an albatross as well as a, young lady— -and drag the poor deluded wretches floun dering on hoard. Their webbed feet supply us with tobacco-pouches, their flesh — that wo may say that we have eaten everything we caught at sea — we jug, and try hard, but don't succeed in the attempt, to think it like jugged hare. -?—The graceful- Gape pigeon- -driven snpw stripped with jet — begins to flit about us. Every now and then, tangles of sea-weed float past. We are nearing Table Bay, where we mean to anchor for water. I am awaked at dawn by a rush upon deck. ' ' Break ers ahead !' rings in shrill terror down the lintch v.nj. E\in bartW in 'tvn.cn deck instantly % omits its pale temnts, v.ho surge pell in ell up t|ie ladder. Sure enough, our bowsprit is running right to a white wall of foam. The officer of the watch was drunk, -and to the menj even to the. helmsman, were fast asleep. Had it not beui for the chause vigilance bf a pissenger, we shpujd ha\L gone plump upon D-)ssen JsUnd. When we wiar. -ou might almq&t; pitch i biscuit from the stern into the seething i n jw A slort time after \iid--, beneUh a soorchiig African sup, we arc gliding past Jlobbeii Inland, mad with pleasure at the thought that m htlfan hour's tune we shall be on shord. Like the skele tons at nn Eg} ptinn.b jnquet, a baik with onl) her topp above tlie sparkling uitei, damps our (J^P She- tried to cntei the bi) last night, we find, was dashed on Rqbbco Island, and of all she carried but one man and th' captun, with a dead child in his arms, were nabhed alne to land. Samly hills upon t)ip left , in thjs far d.tstance,'tlie mount lins of the int-rior, tumbled in a glouous chaos of pink, purple, lavender, and gold', on the right the couchant Lion, and Tible Mountain, with its snowy table-cloth just peeping over its brim, and tin.}, white Cape Tuwn at us foot — built seemingly of cud*. Ships of evLry build and flag, draped in u dir/ling, Tuiiiei-justif)iiig.hii7e, thfoug the ba} — touerin'g amongst tbpm, the tall span of a Dutch man-of-wnr, that frowns at the fort us Ber'™ln Pn EUangowan's luight must have frowned on Glossm. Wherries newspaper boats, and fantastically painted fiiut-boits, pulled by darkies, with n-.rs lashed to single tholes, hover round us like midges, us we let po our anchoi. Bat it is not until the he.ilth-oflicer Ins beep on bo ud that -no arc tllowul to hold jvny communication v,\l\\\ the shore. The weenies tint we charter leach thp jetties long before his galley. Oh, how delightful, after our cramped walks from btern to stem, it is to ft el that we in ly ramble inilti now, if we pleise. Hi-v odd it beoniB to hpve firip walking ground bpneath our feet I And how strange nppeirs ever) thing aionnd us the quaint, gabled or flat-roofed houses, with Dntch announce ,mnts — looking verj much like uiiispeltEnglish — in their windows, and rows of cicen tices pleisintlj thepkering then white walls, geraniums a»d rhododendrons growing wild; the market heaped with fruit at Cliristinati.time ; fresh fijjs and apri cots, plentiful as home potatoes ; tobacco at a shill ing a pound ; wine, ninepence a bottl' ! PPr^e.r- ? shilling a pint ; teams of eighteen oxen, driven by Fingoes — aided by little Hottentots, who guide tho leaders by thongs fastened to the horns — dragging wagons, cumbrous as tluso that carried Jacob nnd his goods down into Egypt; eight mules, w^th cream white harness, drawing one covered yap i pompous old .Dutch biugomaetcrs, .befpre .whoso dread approjchtlue. little linked niggers, crouching on the pavements, uncurl nnd scamper off like sow bugs j datkla iimida Rnu^nia'iroiis, with brilliant band'ai'i^'jon ,|i»oir_l}Cfl.V\s, r^Ding.thp wjiilr.P.of tlifijr ey«P. ,,b.arii)g,4heir ifiiWcflmg 11»^- .grinning .And chattering liko monkeys;- male darkies, busy doing' nothing, punctuating tlieir jiihlier with a p*erp'etual '^ah; yah i'' Caffres -JUst 'caught, fine, uuble-' looking fellows, seven Jjcet _Jiigh,' niar.jh.ing bfftp prisoi'i iinder(fhe'..CTCOrt1| of JjJritjs.h rydpp^U.of ,/i ie fe-et ,ei^l)t. high ; grave coolies in baggy brt^oh^and bee:ijivetii_ats; ,.11.1111 wftinpn oud ,«l)il(lren/-i)jdL'ed,.of (evjery ^li(n#,'fbr.C»pa-'ro*a-is n.u feoose of ?nll''ioc (a'll iintioui. ?' i' ?'.??'?? ; Picnips at Constantia, and excursion to the top of Table, Mountain, cricket- matches, ' darkichops, and supper- parties, are the order of the day and night. There are two thousand. Australian emi grants on shore, and confident that we have only to put out our h.ands to get money when we reach our destination, we sensibly get rid bf nearly every farthing that we have. A nice sum. has been spent during th,e s,tay of our little fleet. The Cape Town ers_ might vjell. say that surely, we must be returning frdin, not gbiiig to; the diggings ! After leaving Table Bay, we — my original 'we'— '?? sadly get tired of one another and the voyage. It has no longer ouy, novelty to amuse, us with, a!nd we, all know, qne another's stories. \Ye care not, for cqrtL-ji s.cput chqs3, disdain to ddnce or sing ; uat; drink, and smoke in sulky solitude — in one word, make ourselves as selfishly disagreeable as we, cj\u. During; aur last week a,t sea, however, our, interest in oue another revives : we wake from our apathy and discuss our ' jirospjcts.' I am amused to find; that almost every one with whom I talk has views as vague as mine: he is quite undecided hs^ tri whether ho, shall turn a parson^ or become; without a metaphor, a shepherd ; go to tho bar, or wait be hind one; edit a paper, or hawk it about the streets ; manage a firm; or drive a dray .horse, or go to tho diggings. Like all ' new churns,' we arqt a com,icni set of combined JVlicawbers and Mark Ta.p l,evs^sanguine in our expectations that something excellent will 'turn up;' and if it doesn't) determined to be ' jolly 'undbr creditable circum staiices.' The day before we. sighted Cape Qtway, we juried the ybnng Scotchman who had caine half round the globe in fruitless flight from death. ^ t Almost hourly, ever since we left Cape Town, ho . = had grown weakeij and more wan ; tut his hope, held _ , out bravely; He was sure to recover, he saiiti \t he could breathe Australia's balmy air. Consumptipn plays i with its victims like a cat: just when lie thought he svos gaing to escape, it struck hi*i down for ever; I was v-'ith him the night i\'e died : it was, t think, the saddesf. vigil that I ever kept. The water 'poppled' mournfully against tho side ;' the lajst .revelleis had turned in, and,, in the glponiy hush, of the 'tween decks, ever}- creak of the ship's, timbers sounded like a groan. A slowly swaying -lamp cast n dim light on the clammy brow of the sick riian, as, soothed by no tenderer care than my rough tendaiice, he lay moariing in his. narrow bunk, in the clos.e ' hospital beith.' Poor fellow ! hi-i ' ? ' thoughts flew homewards in his slebg ;Vii smild - flickered Over his face, and I , heard liirii 'mHr'niur ' 'Mother!' It wailieartjickehijj^.Tio'seeJliow , the . '. smile faded when ho woke — to mark the startled; disappointed look he gave when hh eyes fell upon mc-^-and to )ibar him gasp— oh, liow elrearily— 'Kit mon, I thocht I wis m Scnthnd1' five minutes afterwards his ejea closed ngam, in the ^leep Ihqt knows no w iking. On the evening of the next day; the corpse was taken from the long-boat, when*, silent and solemn nmid the blithe bustle that alwn}s precedes ' making land,' it had lim sinoe moni)iig Lovered up with fligs. A rnety cable link was fastened t-i the- feet, and with the union jick for pall, the Cody was carried to the stirboard gangway. On one side of the sloopmg bonrd on which it la), stood thp mate, \\\t\h a look of unwonted senotisncsb upon his lutrno fitce , on the olhci, the carpenter, who wo» about to launch into the oi the three luicjicd and sixtieth corpse that he Ind seen thus buried ' Ciew and pissengeis gatheied round \ lth unco\e[cJ heacls. T|ie sup was low, and tipped the waves with orests o' fne A few snowy s'M-birds di/i;lingl- while when the} flashed ittiwurt (.he criinson sDn shme — wjiecled round and round, uttering (Jiiir Joyr Jioaj-s? wail, ihpf ci), the monotonous dash pf \yafer at the bows, and swnl along the sidos, a^ the ship cantPTeil easily over the billows, and the voie,i! of the chuplaitl reading t)ie burial- sei vice, were tl-o only spupdswluch broVp the hush tint leignod fiain stem to stern. , II Liifl 1' cried the captain Tne lieknmi shnnk the Mnp up into tile wind. Amid a loud flapping of capvas, the solemn farewell wis read — ' \fv cor(imit Ins body to the deep.1' There w»s n sullen plungp, and ilien the Rails filled agin, and in iu hour's time the moonbaaim were pliijing miles awny above tho ' WiW, wandering grave,' where love can ne\er sit nnd weep. Loneliest of burin)-* ii a burial at sea1 The pathos of it invests tho most common place person with poetry lie ha* become one of tho niynrd lecrets of the i j}stenou(i main. He is gpnc, in a far moie e npithic sense tl)nn tjiost' w)io lie within ihe ohnrc'i's shudf. Ever} Sundiy we read tncu epitiphs, nnd setin still in a vague way to be near th'in. But not n trnce at him is left. Somewhere in the wnlteinig ocean that wraps the world, ho slumben pll alone. 1'he vistness of his tomb oppre-sei the iniiigpiation , Un vagueness chills the heart. We hnve no definite spot to wreathe oui incinoues aiound, and to deep rate with pious flowers. Ne'st mormnjj, we bvo up betimes. Tt.e slup and boats have been painted ; the masts have been scraped , the cables lnve been heaved and hooked up from t|iV told/ ahdliey sprawling and rusty, along:the deck. The sea. weary woin*en }eWlong... ing pyer .the bulwarks.1, the i«en cluster jilts bee.s',in the topp and pVthe' siii-puds! Butjh.o gong, sound* for breakfast before land is seen. We have Hardly time to help ourselves to ' twice-laid,' however, before 'Laud, lio'l' shouts the look.outon th? inain-top-gijllant yard. 'Land, ho!' a momeiit afterwards echoes .his mute upon the foremast. ' Land ho-o o-o I' runs growling round tho ship from' the gruff throats of the watch. Platen nu'd pftiiuiliins' nro pitched away, nnd tro explode rather' ll'inn .run.oii .ikjck, lo .caicjv.tlie .first glimpsp ,qf pur Canaan. .Far sway on the larboard bow, a pntoh or faintest ' blue floats on the deep-blue fritters ; it is hard at fii(,tto.kuen,t)jo (?lpu.d frpm nielting i.i)lo ihe ,«ky'; bjit gradually ,tt-o ouilincB ,bi;coina .flniicrrr-^hp head. land aBMimea lhu.look of somcthJiig tmbossod, ' not lightly painted ou the heavon ; nnd Kipn we are * running .along 8 coatt ttiat we^cauplainlv mate plit ' to'be^P^dftji. ,Aa ^hesun (jor s d'.ow'n, w.e.take tqur 'pilotaaa^BriportJPMilUptfeailr. .Oa.tlieWlow ? ' . ing morning, we bring up finally in Hobsnn's Bay. ; A damp mist dims every sight and dulls every ?~ .loundj the white- light-house nt Wiiliainstnwn gleams spectral through tlie fog; the hundreds of Mr, black, deserted craft around loom like ship?. . . that have drifted with the dead to shores where all is dumb. Hushed Hobson's .Bay seem? a strange portal to , the mhhiaC'buMle of Melbourne. 