OUR FILES BY THE EMEU. METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ( From the Liverpool Albion, Ju.!y 18 ) The two reviews, dual organs of the brace of fic tions, Governmcntil nnd Oppositionist, give drei note, if not exactly of preparation, at least of un paredness, the blue and yellow Edinburgh out y terday, Iho Quarter-!/ out to- day. It is difficult 0 siy which if? tho more ferociously fearful, for whil fie Brook'B mouthpiece bellows for battle by way of pnee, showing that the Milesian element still per. Vides tho contributory staff, both in pugnacity and blunders, tho Carlton echo clamors that it is all up with us, and that our only alternative to escanc an* njhilation is to demolish ourselveg, according to the historic precedent of the Irish reptiles who wriggled their own heads off to save St Patrick tho trouble of _ knocking their brains out. The Quarterly article is indeed a thorough croaker, and might have been written by tha late immortal John Wil Bon of that name, so far as tho lugubriousneifs of the coloring is concerned ; tho pencil of the penman b,:iug ' dipped iu lightning nnd eclipse,'' and tho shadows dashed in after the most convulsive manner of tho autherof the 'Guillotine.' But then Iligbj's hatred of the frog eaters always impelled him to five the toad a twiut, and making it appear that though England was fast going fo the dogs, Frsnce was go'ng twice as fast to the animal who.re.name begius with another d, and terminates with a spike in his tail, very low down. Croker's conclusion was that tho major misfortunes of our neighbors reconciled us to the minor miseries of our own situation ; and we wouud up exulting in our own merit., as we always do, and convinced, as Sir Boanerges Alison has es tablished, that Providence is always on the tide of the laigcBt taxpayers. This truism Mr Glad stone will doubtless strve up in tlirco courses, on Monday ucxt, in opening the budget, and letting several astounding cats out of that dogmatic bag, each armed with a claw equivalent to tho lex talionis , or retaliatory ti-kler ior the British lion, because of his growling about the income tax. Iu a very different sense to the old foreccing R'g byean ono is^ the Quarterly article now. lra! victis is its cry, and it says that we are virtually vanquished ere the fight begiu ; for that fight can we none ; hav iog neither head to conceive nor hands to execute a manwuvre by land or sea that would not set the peg top dancing masters capering at delight at our ga it- cherie. Having shown that we haven't material of any kind to rcsiat invasion, the reviewer comforts us with the assurance that it would be all the fame if we had, therefore the want of it i3 no great loss ; for that 'nobody can point to nny admiral or general whose came, when ho was gazetted to the command, would not be more likely to C.IU30 a panic among his countrymen than to be a terror to our enemies 1' Why this might have boeu written from tho ' maintop of tiie Agamemnon,' while a Brummagem Nelson was co quetting in the offing with the Wasp Battery, aud protending he couldu't find water to take the sting out of t^ie ivluscovite mo?quit:-. Flattering too, is it not, to our Royal commander ic-chief, who lost his own wits at Inkermann [though not a la Cardigan at Balaclava, where Black Bottle's steed proved a bolter that Rarey himself could have done nothing with ;] and yet H.11.H. was witless enough to upbraid tiro llritish nation the other day, at a city dinner, with ' giving way to eii3araceful pmics' periodically about invasion. Not without rru?ou ,-iro such panics, if there be truth in what this rank-worshipping Tory reviewer says nbnut the brainlossnees of the heada of departments. Can it be H end himself tho fiery Sir Francis B^nd, who says so? Is it tho Old ?Man ignsoup, who now briugs this new Faegot of French Sticks to the burning, by way of lighting tho funeral pyre of Britannia because of the doubts ex pressed of his Imperial incendiary frieud's partiality for extinguishers some time ago when L. N. B. waa particularly impressive in his assurance that the em pire of peace v,'as peculiarly and preterpluB-perfectly pacifi it If it be, Head's tale is terrible as that of Thalaba tho Destroyer. The ' wild aud wondroui song' of tha defunct laureat is not more gloomy than , this Jeremiad of our patent Pessimist, whose 'horn'y hideous sound of woe, sadder than tha songs on tho midnight blast, is that portentous phrase 'I told you't,' ' which ho rings as dismally as the new Big Ben, in Palace-yard, every boom of w hich is about as lively as tho tinkle of Ss. Sspulohre's boll, at the top of the Old Bailey, in tho ear of a Newgate convict, on hanging-morning. Ilark to this, and think of the comfort it must convey to many au aldermanic fuud holder reading it to morrow, fo; his sabbatical recrer ti m, in suburban villa ; — panting on a sofa, mayhap, tlris torrid weather, without his pantaloons, like a gasping turtle ; only turtle don't genorally wear pau taloous, though wa have heard of 'a gentleman standing like a crocodile with hia hands in his breeches pocket.' But it is with no turtlo-work we have 00 do, namely : —'It may bo that tho next war-cry will bo the Rhino ; but tho best nnd surest card tho French Gov. rnment now have to play is vengeance 011 Eng land. Let them ask for a loan of fifty or a hundred millions sterling, and let it be accompanied by a hint that the plunder of London will more than suffioa to repay it, and the list would bo filled iu fourand twenty hours.' Not so easy done as said, you will exclaim ? Nay, twice as facile, quoth our beuovolent intelligencar. It would have been so under the old Nap, merely with his flat- bottomed boats, had he but a fhet tbat would havo held the Channel for a dczen hours ; and bo bridged the passage from the island to the main for half a day : — ' Euglanel would have been joined to the Continent, and his army might have been taken over with great or greater facility than it could have passed th.e Rhiue, or any largo river. The result would havo been ns nt Borodino, and London must have fallen. If the French can obtain ths coinmanrl of the Channel for three montiiB, or even three weeks, they can easily land 200,000 or 250,000 men ou our shores; aud, this accomplifchfcd, there is absolutely nothing to hinder their taking possession of the capi tal.'' Again: — 'Wo are in more danger at this moment than even in the perilous years 1804-6, because we had thon 000,000 in arms on shore, and a fleet far superior to that opposed to us at sea. At present the French havo as largo an array 011 foot ns they had then; and their navy in commission, if not qui!e equal to ours, is certainly much mora nearly so than it over waa during tho great struggle.' Having pointed out our deftncolessness, it is added that 'wo have no concerted plan of defence, aud no one, un fortunately, who is capablo of supplying these de fects. Furthermore, we aro assured by this journal, one in the interest of tho parly whose chief bo coolly told ns, a couple of months ago, that Prince GortBchakoff told them that thero was nothing in the Franco Russian alliance, that had the fleets of the two powers chosen to unite, ' they would certainly havo num bered twice as many guns as we could have prepared ; nnd no conceivable amount of either skill ore imago c.mld have enabled us to hold tho channel for an hour, or to prevent that artuy which is now in Lom bardy from landing on our shoren. I11 such r. case they would ctrtainly have entered London 111 less time, and with na little loss, as thoy encountered on their entrance into Milan.' All this is not mere vague assertion. The whole thing is elaborately worked out by one evidently tho roughly conversant with military details, throu'h forty pages, iu tho course of which he reasons that 'No strategy, nor any conocivable amount of heroism, will render un army of 100,000 men, [we wish wo may get them !] in any position this country affords, equal to one of 200,000 men, placod, as we havo sup posed tho invaders to be, in threo divisions, within three or four duys' march of a given central point. To make a stand ngainst suoh odds would simply 1;o to expose tho English army to tho fato that awaited tho Auatrinns under Mack, at Ulm, obliged to lav down their arms without fl blow. The only thing au Kngliah general could do in ( uch a case would ba to abandon the capital, and nil the couutry to tho south of Ljtulon ; retreating to the nnrth, adopting a Fabinn line cf polioy, he might eventually save tho state from actui.l uxtiuclion- Let ub at least hope so, though in truth it is difficult to seo how. Iu possession of the capital aud south coast, the invaders would eerlaiuly havo tho powerof d: stroying our dockyards, and any renin ant of the fleet tint might havo sought sbulter with them.' After describing tbo process of theextinetion of the ar^enal-i, the slimulati'fgGassandravaUcinaleBmthia fashion : — ' Fa v bave perhaps ever ventured to iodise tho po:.i- . tion of Bnglaud without a fleet, (vary few, no doubt) and with a foreigu navy in possession of the channel. It woyld not require tho invader to keep a singlo man onshore; his fUet alone would sufiic3 for cur sub jection. The loss of India and of all our colonies would be t'10 first result, b'it that would bo a trifle compare 1 _ wi h , othe-r results. He might demand what Bub?Wy hu ehosa, nuel, if wo refused, he could enter our harbors, burn our shipping, land where he pleaded, sji'-io ori our ionna, and t'jrce us to pay or perish at his will, Iu like manner he could punish nny attempt' to re lubilitnta our navy ; nnd, although every man in ilm country might wm, wo theml 1 bo as powerk-ts to get nt him as I10 has been to get at us duriug the lass eight centuries. No succour could reach us from abroad, aad -would be useless if it did. The Chsr.nil, in fact, which has been a long tiir.e our greatest de fence and blersicg, would become cur prison wall aad our greatest curse. Ccopid up within it, we could cot move, aud would te entirely at the merer cf tur gaoler ; and it seems almost impossible te foresee by what means we could ercap?, or who could sat u! free.' A* for any real opposition to au army, the vrriter tells u* with poignant peupicuity, tbat 'an organised mob may tesze, out cannot hurt it ; aud unless in very superior numbers, and under very favorable circumstances there is no instance in history of anything like an equal cumber of guerillas con tending successfully with disciplined troops in the field.' Another crumb of consolation is that ' the nation which could put forth half a million of men in motion in 1S12, for the conquest of Russia, may do something similar for a far dearer object of ambition ; and neither our habits nor our institutions render it at all probable that we shall make the sacrifices aud undergo the inconveniencies involved in such a pro cess. Our army will never come into play till our fleet is destroyed ; and when called upoa to act it will be as if the fleet had never existed — a form of campaign the nature of which few have hitherto realised, and for which we have certainly made bo preparation.' Our Latter-Day prophet passes on to this pleasing panorama of what u looming in the future, namely — 'The destruction of the Bank of England and the cessation of the divi dends would spread misery into thousands of families, but when trade was paralyzed, when wages could no longer be paid at Manchester, Birmingham, and Glasgow, when no ships reached our ports, but foreigners, not equal to half the tonnage required, I famine and wretchedness would overspread the land. J The first form the outraged feelings of the people j would take would probably be an insurrection againBt | property, and a vast social revolution might be the ? oonsequenoe ; but as that wouldn't fill their bellies, I the masses would turn against the invaders, and no thing but the most frightful wholesale executions and deportations could keep the famishing multitude in subjection. The horrors of the French Revolu tion and the Reign of Terror would afford but a pale riflex of England writhing and starving ' in the grasp of a foreign conquerer.' To this com- | plexion things will come at last, and that speedily, | continues our informant, if we don't set about pre- i venting it, though how we are to prevent it ha very ' V3guely tells us. The idea of fortifyiug London, a3 ; Lieutenant Shaw Kennedy and others recommended j he scouts as the veriest chimera reminding us that : 'a few shells thrown into Vienna iu 1S05, secured ! its surrender, though it was better fortified and moie ! easily defensible than London could ever be made.' j Still, iron-plated steamers and gunboats are pre- ! scribed by our physician ; aud taking up the 'rifle- j men form' tune, he concludes in this strain : — | 'Unle.'s every citizen will now arm himself, and j assist his neighbor to do so ; unless every aervat t j of the Etate will apply his whole ener gies to eee how the danger may best be - met ; aud unless every statesman will forget all minor j differences of opinion, aad apply his whole power to . prepare for the great struggle, it may happen that j the last epnk of liberty that exists iu Europe may be trodden out ; and the British name be lost from ' among those of the great nations of the earth, in a catastrophe which has not appalled the world Eince j the downfall of the Roman empire.' | So, then, the time is all bat at hand when that , tattooed phenomenon, Sfecauky's New Zeal&nder;, , may set out on his antipodean trip, and take up his I picturesque pone by ?' the broken arch, the ruined] wf.ll ; ' and the voice of Civis Romanua will not have | left the ghost of an echo in the howling wilderness that was So lately the modern Carthage. Had all . this been spouted by the floweriest Murphy in ; Fotatoland, had it appeared in & piping-hot j new edition of Louis Blanc's ' Decadance of 1 England,' it would bave been regarded as : hyperbo'ioally Hibernian, preposterously Gas- ,? conical. But when emblazoned on tho ancient ori- j flamme of Albion, burnished upon the meteor flag of ' England, which we are told shall no more 'terrific burn that ' Britannia needa no bulwark, no towers : along the steep,' for she wouldn't know what to do with there ; that her home is not upon the mountain wave, nor her march upon the deep, for she is out marched and out of her depth ; when one sees euch things in Euch a place, ona is surprised at nothing thai does occur, but at everything that doesn't. Rupert's speech at the Merchant bailors' Hall to-night is confirmatory of hia belief that the time is coming when the ill looking lodger at No. 2, King street, St. ; James's, whom Lord Eglinton made special constable oa the 10th of April, 1348, will have to be taken in ' custody himself as the only chance of preventing him ? arresting us. 