INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION We are enabled to furnish the following ex tracts from the paper read at the Mechanic*' Institution, on Tuesday evening, by Mr Donaghy, on the subject of "Industrial Education f— POPULAR FALLACIES AS TO W1IAT 15 E1JUCA7IOX. Many unthinking persons suppose tint if they have sent their children to a public .school for three or four years continuously, till they have become adepts in the manipulation of the nine digits—can multiply and divide, and involve and evolve every hind of arithmetical quantity, whole or fractional, simple or compound—tell the sub ject and predicate, and the concessive and adver sative clauses in a sentence, at a glance—can tell: you all about the alligators of the Ganges, and i the crocodiles of the Nile, and the locality and water supply of every city and village on the Overland and Mediterranean rouie, from the mouth of the Mersey to the mouth of the Yarra —till they are familiar with ail the technicalities of bookeeping, from the bequest of a legacy to the three cases of partnership, they think they must have done all that is required for the education of those children. Let us suppose they have besides caused them to learn by rote every que-stion and answer in Butler's Catechism, or the thirty-nine articles with numerous chapters of the New Tes tament, there may be still a great deal wanting to ™nV« all this schooling deserve the name of an education; it may*, fail to have any influence on the bent of mind, the train of thought, the forma tion of character. The office, the true and legiti mate office, of edncation is to give the powers which knowledge confers a useful direction. Not only must education do this, but it must also show each of us how to proride for his own wauts, while he is at the saino time ministering to the wants and requirements of others, and adding something to the wealth of the community. Many an affectionate father, besides giving his eons such an education as the best elementary school can furnish, supplies them with the means of going through a University course—not except ing that item of son's expenditure which astonbh fathers occasionally, as tradition testifies; X mean the pocket money; and then fancies his duties to Ins sons have been faithfully discharged, at least in the article of education. Well let us suppose that one of those sons—his education completed in the manner above stated—finds it necessary in the want of a manufacturing, or commercial, or agricultural business, to fall into, to emigrate to Australia with L100, or L150 in his pocket, and that he has no friend in the Cabinet to quarter him on the public service, and none of the com mercial firms of Melbourne is inclined, from bis ' total ignorance of business to give him a billet, what is to become of hiin ? The bricklayer, or carpenter, or common laborer can afford to pity his helplessness. How many melancholy in stances of this kind has the last fire or six years of Melbourne's existence known ? Howinany those four or five years next preceding the discovery of the gold fields 1 How many well school-educated young men have run backward and forward to the Argus office in hopes of something turning up, till they have worn the soles oil their shoes, and t21 erery house front in Bouike-etreet, or Swan Fton-street, or any other street for that matter, was 23 familiar to them as the face of their old school master once was. Young men in humble ranks of life, who have no prospect but that of engaging themselves as laborers in some branch of trade or manufacture, are still worse off with their school education than those in ranks of life whose favorable circum stances would render scholastic acquirements a kind of capital, standing to them in the same re lation as the skill a carjienter acquires in his apprenticeship. But it is unaccountably the fact, deny it who can, that the sons of laborers, and stonecutters, and every other craft, as well as the sons of clerks, compositors, booksellers, stationers, 4a, &c;, though all likely to follow the trade or profession in which their parents are engaged, are educated precisely as if they were aU to be made schoolmasters in little country towns; and their daughters are every one of educated as if it were the urfrersal opinion of mankind that a knowledge of the regulation or management of a household, or any thing else less ladylike a Spanish quadrille, jewellery, and point lace would be unsuitable for them; and by the way, I owe an apology to the fair faces who have graced us with their presence to-night, for speaking of a sub ject which it is their especial business to consider. 1 need not repeat to you this evening what I have written on this subject oh another occasion, but I may state that my views a3 to what an education properly deserving the name consists in, accords very nearly with the following DEFECTIYK5ES5 OF THE SYSTEM OF EDUCATION. Before directing your attention to the move ments which are being made in England and Ire land to introduce an improved system of educa tion in the prospect of rendering it applicable to industrial pursuits, I shall briefly allude to the disadvantages under which we labour in this coun try as compared with Great Britain and Ireland. I hare already Epoken of the defectiveness of our school education for boys and girls; but what snakes this defectiveness more severely felt is the want of established manufactures to serve as models for imitation—or, as educationists would call them, "objects of intuition." It is idle to talk of acquiring a taste for or cultivating a know ledge of what we have never seen. The youths i of manufacturing countries And the spirit and enterprise of manufacturing industry, pervading every quarter of the towns they live inthey see the buildings, and the workmen, and the finished productions in every direction they turn to. They go to their schools and they see diagrams and models of steam-engines, and air-pumps, and hydraulic presses, and electric machines and gal vanic batteries, and illustrations of manufacturing processes, and specimens of animals and plants and metallic ores. IVith all these facilities at their disposal, it is a wonder if they do not, during their school-going hours, pick up Borne knowledge and taste for industrial enterprise; and yet we see horn the exertion the Society of Arts is mak ing that public opinion in England condemns the system of public education because it has not tlken a more industrial direction. >*ow it i3 to those vczy people who are lustily eying out for a more practical education that we owe the sewerage and lighting of our towns, the grandeur of our waterworks, the ventilation of our dwellings, the cheapness and variety of our food, clothing, and the abundance of every neces sary, convenience, comfort and luxury of life. Let us now profit by their experience, and prepare to begin our experiments where they left off, and to build new structures on the foundations they have laid. Let us hear in mind that every monu ment of educated labor, from the ship of war to the compass that directs its course—from the crystal palace to the brass pin—every object we look upon in a civilized country testifies to the importance and results of •education properly di rected. Let us become the directors of that ge nius and the rough hewers of that future great ness that succeeding generations will wonder at and pay homage to. AVe want an education which will contribute to the formation of business habits and the acquisition of business knowledge, commercial or manufacturing. If we would fight our way in the battle of nations for pre-eminence, and maintain our ground, we must not rely upon spelling and arithmetic, and the shadow of geo graphy, without something practical and useful. These are very' good in their way, but much better adapted to tbe probable wants of a nation of pedants than a nation of enterprising and pros perous people. What has been done here to give public educa tion an industrial character is easily told. In a few favored localities a worknnstress is appointed in the national or denominational school at a sa lary of L40 a year, and at the National Model Schools Br Macadam is engaged to lecture on va rious branches of natural science. This is the sum total of an industrial education at present If you bring the matter officially under the con sideration of either of the public bodies invested with the administration of the State funds for educational purposes, you will mostlikely be met with the assertion that no lipid* are available. , I remember that about two years ago a correspon dence was entered into between some members of the National Board and some of their officers, in reference to the establishment of an industrial branch in connection with the model schools, and when a considerable quantity pf .paper had been consumed in it, it turned out that the project must be deferred for further oonrideratiou. • (One gentleman on occasion was - so eminently practical as to suggest, instead of a laboratciyj a Keith's forge or carpenters shop.) . • " If you suggest that something might be done towards industrial education by the establishment and support of evening schpols for adult pupils, yog will b-j told that adult education does not cnine within the province of the Boa^d of Educa tion. The Denominational Board have stated in one of their reports, that Government took this view of the matter. As I have however on former occasjops fully shown the right—impre scriptible rights I suppose I opght to say—of every youth from fifteen to twenty-one to his shjre of the State grants for educational pur 1in a* great a degree 03 every other from nine or five to fifteen, I shall toko it for granted we all admit it. But I may remark, at this part of my subject, that our system of education is defective not merely in an industrial p unt of Mew. Can you expect to bring up children of cultivated tastea, refined feelings, decent man ners, easy becoming address, inclined to order and aeataew, with a high sense of moral propriety or other commendable qualities, in tiny school where the desks are disfigured or illustrated with cuts, Reared with inkstand;?, anil trembling on thrir wgs; the roof or ceiling and cornices hung with cobwebs; the walls naked, cold, and repulsive Hke thoie of a prison or wine-cellar, except where ornamented with freaks of fancy in juvenile es FiJa to the fine arts; the floors and ja-T.-nges and j open spaces strewn broadcast with books, j-ens, j fragments of paj>er and other lubctdluni-oiH re-: fuse, with accumulations about the legs and feet J ui forms as if they had Leer, carried thither by a flood soon after the school was opened, and never disturbed since; with window jrauw inqx-netrable to the light and heat uf the suns r.iy-» froin the deep coating of puddle aud'rain on 'the outside, *od human breath and dust on the other ? .Shew ckudreu any kind of twl or machine and let them examine its- parte—yutt teach thcin something-' -bet them si*nd a tm bem spend a year or two in such a little *orld of dirt and disorder aa I have i.*en des ptotog, aud letter you hud never sent them to schoojy I shall next call vonr attention to an item of pmposcd' expenditure by the Statu' for Uordiug ®ehoole, which it was in contemplation to extend toroughoul the colony. It is observed in a lute teport of cue of the Board?, I can't ray which, «at the subject is cue of great importance, as ►here are several thousand children scattered dtruughuut the colony beyond the reach of educa tor. Now, this is perfectly true; but it is not how the ediibiifchmvut of ««« hoarding schools will mend the matter. It would certainly be a new feature in the functions of constitutional governments to f'uid the State addressing itself to : the task of studding the country with nurseries and lllchlng away children in their infant years from the natural protection and government of their parents; and besides, it must be remem bered, that there are more boarding schools in Melbourne and other leading towns, including of course those in their suburban districts than would accommodate the probable boarders of the 21,000 children on the rolls of the Denominational School Board, aud the 7000 on the rolls of the National Board, Many of these boarding schools are barely struggling for existence, and serve only to divert the minds of their keepers from pur suing some course of life in which they might earn an honorable livelihood, without inflicting a posi tive injury on society, as some of them are actually doing at present. An inquiry into the management of our colonial boarding schools, with a detailed statement of the qualifications, capaci ties, and antecedents of th© parties engaged in them, if we except a few schools with an established reputation, would form a curious and interesting volume.. 1 will just tell you howboardingschools originated in some of the smaller towns of Great 1 Britain and Ireland, and perhaps occasionally in some of gar suburbs. A middle aged lady or gen tleman, spinster or bachelor, when not a widow or widower, generally of dilapidated fortune, melancholy aspect and broken spirit, and fre quently in deep mourning, prevails on some of their14 kinsmen," or near relations to entrust them with their children, as theywQl be cheered by their little voices, and derive consolation from in structing them; when a card is hung up in a win dow pane, or a brass plate, engraved specially for the purpose, is fixed ou the hall door, and an ad vertisement appears in the local paper. One or more neighbors, not kinsmen, think of sending their little ones to school, and finding one open next, or second door, "jest round the corner," they are so pleased and delighted with its proxi mity, and the amiable and venerable look of the •* respectable party," that they never think of the look of gloominess, melancholy, and acidity with which that venerable broken-hearted spinster, or widow, will surdy inoculate those children's fea tures, and sour their little hearts for life. If there be two or more spinster ladies, or widows, in the management, the evil acquires a concen trated virulence. If I wanted a wife with a giddy brain, or a cramped intellect, and a distorted spine, I would look for her in a ladies* boarding I school of this class;—one with an incipient con sumption, and an everlasting headache, in a ladies', boarding-schoolone who was skilful in dissimu lation, and ignorant of everything in the shape of useful knowledge, I would be sure to be suited from a ladies' boarding-school. . . The greatest evil to be guarded against in giving grants to the support of boarding schools is, that numbers of persons who have no other quali fication than a school in the country, in which an attendance cannot be mustered, will endeavor to arail themselres of the L100 for building pur poses, and will find obliging squatters with chil dren, to aid them in obtaining it It will be no easy matter, in my opinion, for any board of education to guard against abuses that this mea sure must and will give rise to, without the most judicious management, and the strictest scrutiny; and to keep themselves clear of the charge and the semblance of granting bonuses to their friends' friends. Independently of this, supposing board ing schools opened only where a sufficient attend ance could be insured, there would Still remain great doubts on the public mind as to the suitable ness of each schoolmaster and his wife for becom ing foster-parents (we don't allude merely to moral character) for the children of families able to pay the expenses of a boarding school education. Erery one who can teach the elements is not necessarily qualified to educate a child, though he may instruct him, Let the existing boarding schools have 1'^"^ granted them, and come under the direction and supervision of the constituted authorities in this' department of the public ser vice, and let the proposed expenditure go to the ITS EXFEXSIVEXESS. In considering the defectiveness of the present system of education, we have been considering some of the causes of its eipensireness, for as in some tinds of purchasers an inferior article is not cheap at any money, so it is in respect to educa tion. The denominational School Board, we mu6t admit, did something towards the promotion of industrial education some years ago, in—I .was going to say, offering a prize for the best industrial school; and, as 1 hare already stated, the National Board had it in contemplation to do something towards founding another; but my recollection of a cursory reading of the new rules, drawn up by the Denominational Board, is that the elements of industrial education are not recognised as school subjects. It is, I think, unfortunate for the prospects of public education in the colony that government and the public are satisfied with reports on the working of the system that merely show the attendance at the schools and the apportionments of the parliamentary grants, and-are silent as to the nature of the education given, and the man ner in which it is given. Until detailed reports of the actual Etate and efficiency of each well managed school are published in the annual re ports as standards to be worked up to, and the censurable features of each inferior and inefficient school as things to be corrected and guarded against, you must not hope to obtain for your children that kind of education which strengthens the understanding, elevates and ennobles the mind, and purifies the heart,—which comes not from mere elementary instruction, but from the high moral tone and refined feeling which should pervade a public school. FBOBABLE OPIXfOS OF MODEEXS BT THE ASCIEXTS. Why is it then that industrial education iB all but entirely overlooked; while boarding-schools are projected, the Bedouins or city Arabs, of which we heard so much a year or two ago, for gotten, and our system of education admittedly defective! The cause might be readily detected in the inordinate ambition which men in general evince in the assertion of some abstract principle, and their eagerness to be regarded as the sole interpreters of some pet theory of tremendous magnitude and importance in their own eyes, but which turns out to be nothing more or less than a hobby or a whim in the eyes of everybody else. Could one of those keen old satirists of antiquity —say the ghosts of Lucian, and one or two of Ins cotemporaries—obtain [a short leave of absence from tire kingdom of the " bloodless," they would find that the relative proportions of sages, simple tons, and sharpers is just about the same as what it was in their own day. And if a delicate reserve —peculiar to uninvited guests in the presence of their hosts and hostesses—did not prevent them from signifying their opinions about us, wo might observe them telling its off in the dioita tamslrart fashion into classes, and drawing their distinc tions, and adding up and setting down the charac teristics of each, they would probably call three of the largest of these classes by name3 which would correspond in our language as nearly as possible to " very knowing," "deeply in earnest," and "invincibly ignorant;" or, perhaps,calcula tors, visionaries, and dupes. They would recount the qualities of the first in'a manner which, if you saw it, would show you clearly that this class could not he "done," or at least that it would be no easy matter to " do them;" and they would undoubtedly he seen laughing—if it were possible for ghosts to laugh—at the visionaries from oppo site sides of their ghostly mouths. He would observe the pursuit of the "to la/011" and the " to agatkm " engrossing the attention pf men as completely to-day as it did two thousand years ago, but under infinity of other forms and titles, arising perhaps from the development of sdence.ahdsecuhw leaniihg, knit as likely to lead to a successful issue as the investigations which had * for their object the discovery of the philosopher's stone, or the perpetual motion arid they then wonld see thai the unbounded earnestness and enthusiasm, which carry us be yond the bounds of human.reason in pursuit of favorite objects, affords us no respite to think how nearly our own course and that of our reputed adversaries approach to perfect coincidence. They would remark, too, that as in the case of the Stoics, Peripatetics, Epicureans, and other sects of philosophers whose literary squabbles, alternating with military warfare, occupied the entire lives of litersry Greeks, and loft to succeeding genera tions enduring monuments of their industry and dissensions—they would remark, I say, that the raioaariet, acting under the influence of some un discovered law of nature, always split themselves up into sections, and for some time, at first, dis like each other, merely with a ge-itlo hatred, which grows gradually stronger and fiercer, till it becomes at length 3 mutually recognised hostility of the intensest bitterness and sincerity; and from this period forward they can never—the various sections of the visionaries under any shade cf circumstances whatever—sec the same side of any question, or of any material object presented to them; aiid thus, while luoking at , the same object merely from different points of ! view, thev are impregnable in the conviction that thev are biking at different objects; and as each section of the visionaries is generally to some ex tent right in the views it takes, it finds its followers among the dupes. . . I They would observe that while the visionaries delude themselves, and are unmistakeably sin cere in their delusions, being troubled with that obliquity of visiuu which prevents those of each section trem seeing that its own " geese are no. all swans," and the dupes are the victims ui the vision- I aries, who take their understanding by storm and cany them into captivity in a state of bewilder went, where being once wedded to a conviction they are earnest in support of it hi proportion as it is beyond the limits of their comprehension, the cakuhU'Ts are seen to take ui> commanding pad tiuus for themselves at a respecful di.-t.mce from the scene of tumult, and to watch the issue of an tagonism lest it might come to a termination ; for evidently these calculator* or knowing one-', wLo are aware that they cannot be done, look on the whole question of pros and cons as a state of thing- highly convenient and useful, and one, the settlement of which would be m:-pc:iknbly detri mental) to the best interest, of society. As settled it would be in hundred* of ease?, if thejvarious sec tions of visionaries eatue to uuderstandoneanuther our gho:;tly visitors would conclude the calculators encourage ihe delusion. Now, if during their limited sojourn in the terrestrial world, an event should take place which has never yet been known to liapjien, but which nevertheless we are assured will hapjnm before the end of time, " when the cow and the bear shall feed, and their young ones shall lio down together," and "all mankind shall dwell together in peace." They would see tlm repellent section* of visionaries mutually approach each other and cohere; and the dupes also getting insensibly into proxi mity, and fusing into a friendly coalition, and endeavouring to wake out what it was all about ever since the beginning of the world; and they would return to their ubods in Hades with the intelligence that ever since they were in the fieoh, men could not see how it was possible that two'or more persons could be right in their views, objects, ami expedients, and yet not coinciding with one another in any particular,^and.lhat it frequently happened two or more section's of the human rnec determined' to attain the same object with dif ferent expedients, each of. which was equally suit able and appropriate, just like getting to .a second story by staircases leading from opposite ends of the building; but each section so managed to thwart and obstruct the operations of each of the others, and wasted so much of its time and ener gies fortius purpose,"that none of them ever suc ceeded in attaining its object; and, that. in many instances in the fury and passion for mutual con flict and destruction, the object to be attained jvas lost sight of altogether. ' THE CLASS OP SCHOOLS WE WAST. - Now we shall not rest content with such schools as the public bodies who are invested by the state with the privilege of tanning us up in the way we should go, but in which we find it impossible to go, except backwards in the road to social advance ment and national greatness, and who have be sides the entire control and management of the funds for training us up in the way we might keep pace with the nations of the northern hemisphere —we shall not rest coutended with those schools which they are enabled to give us when they have battled and fought and wrangled over it till they, have exhausted theinsclres of their strength and are able to fight about it no longer. Besides grammar schools in which the better classes can have their sons educated , in such, manner as to prepare them to step at once into the University; and high schools in which the middle classes can hare their sons educated to prepare them for com mercial, manufacturing, or other pprsuits, and of their daughters besides, everything that it is pro per for girls to learn. And by the way I can't get over tins, difficulty that they are excluded from the benefits of all but the lowest class1 elementary schools, and, I would urge this consideration again upon you, and suggest the removal of all old bachelors from the school committees as the most effectual remedy. It is notraltogether. un becoming female dignity to be occasionally natural and unaffected; and infant schools where little children of five to nine years of ago may be taught whole volumes of history, and geography/ and astronomy, and natural history, and a'variety of other brandies with sledge hammer names, while learning to read; and elementary schools where children of nine to fifteen years of age may learn the >rules of arithmetic, and grammar, and so forth; and boarding schools supervised and directed by the state, and conducted on some fixed and approved principle; and one or two normal schools, the virion of which only we have yet attained to, and the true nature and conditions, of which don't seem generally known we should have.an industrial department at tached to and forming a'jiart of each elementary school, by means of which your children would receive instruction regarding agriculture, manu factures and commerce; the phenomena of the simpler parts of natural philosophy, the principles of mechanics and the results of machinery; the law* which govern our social and economic rela tions; the great truths of animal and vegetable' physiology; the general conditions of life in health and disease, and the relation which these bear to the observance of cleanliness, ventilation, and other sanitary provisions and regulations—in which the materials and manufacture of every article in use in civilised life should he studied as diligently as the phases of the moon and the mo tion of the heavenly, bodies. And here I may iisk if a precocious youth of an inquisitive turn of mind took up a steel pen bra sheet of paper'or a strip of broken glass, and enquired of his teacher —Sir, please, &c.; . . In which the knowledge of common things would be appreciated and keep pace with the knowledge of uncommon, and so baring chemistry of common life as familiar as Sullivan's Dictionary of Derivation—in which the steelyard and air pump and electric machine, and chemicals of every description would be assure to be met with among the school apparatus as the Map of theAVorH or the General Lesson. Such schools would perhaps require a wider range of knowledge on the part of teachers; hut be it remembered that' this is the class of schools that make their influence felt on social progress, which stamp their impress on the age that produces them. HOW TO FHOTIDE THIS CLASS OF SCHOOLS. * It may be supposed that I mean to run a tilt against the National and Denominational Boards and suggest their abolition and the formation of a new board, with new powers and functions. lVell, nothing of the kind. I have always believed that if there existed but one system of education it would gradually adapt itself to the wants and re,1 quirement3 of the people. As it is, each of th e boards is doing everything in its power, and bad done everything possible under the circumstances of antagonism in which they have been placed to promote the advancement of education. There is even a guarantee for zeal and earnestness and practical knowledge of educational details in' the very names of some of the members of the Na tional Board, and of the Secretary of the Denomi national. But while parliament continues to sow the elements of discord, the public must not be disappointed if they rap the fruits. The remedy for this, however, it is not for me to deal with. The next probable expedient would be the estab lishment of model industrial schools. This nevertheless, is not an essential preliminary to the introduction of the industrial element into the system of public instruction. They would even tually follow from it let the public only shew that they are. sensible of a great want in the 6ystem of elementaiy schoola, and nei ther of the boards will be slow to meet their wishes m supplying the deficiency. 1 shall not trouble you with the detail of the con ditions required for an industrial school, the at taimnents aqd qualifications of the teachers, the premiiuns tq be awarded for their successful ma nagement, the school apparatus proportionate to the character and importanoe of the school. All theso matters will be duly arranged and regulated by the board or boards of' education when the public have made it clear' that they perceive the necessity for their introduction. Let us not in dolently put off indefinitely the only good thine which can be done at present in the expecta tion of a new hoard and a new system. It is too much to expect the State to take the trouble not only of teaching your children but also of wi.iy you what sort of instruction these children Btand in need of. Hemember that if as is said knowledge is power, it is not merely the knowledge of books but also the knowledge of things. If there lie any of our fellow colonists who have finniy entrenched themselves behind their detenninationto wait for a new bill before taking any steps in the important movement that the whole world is now making to give education a practical character, it is deeply to be regretted, as alllhe changes possible under a new bill are practicable under.tbe existing svstems. There are two ways in which a bill may ba carried through the legislature with comparatively »™,ll opposition, and it would bo the duty of those who refuse to turn existing arrangements to the best account, to hasten forward those to which they look forward for an adjustment One is the plan of management which, 'exists in England—every elementary school, whether in connection with a church, or under lay local management, receives aid from the State through the committee of council. The inspectors instead of being as here an<Un Ireland, the employees of a board, are the | employees of the State, under the direction of the committee of council. Their duty is to inquire \ into the character and amount of instruction given in 6ach school—the chief duty of our inspec tors until very recently being tliB exact number | of pupils present and on the rolls. According to this arrangement National and Denominational schools might continue and be assimilated in all respects, and a minister of education, or a com mittee of council would superintend tbe whole. In conclusion, I feel hound to report that teach ing having an industrial character and a practical tendency is as easily introduced under the existing as any new system; hut the expectancy arising from the contemplated and expected changes has unfortunately been an effectual extinguisher upon any exertions which would be made to promote it Let hut the public show by tbe manifestation of their views on the subject that they feel there is a defectiveness in the instruction given at the lower grades of elementary schools. Let the masters do something to forward it by the intro ductioa of limited amounts of apparatus, dia grams, Ac., and study and teach such manufactur ing processes as may he within their reach. Let the patrons and school committee show due regard and encouragement to the teachers who exert themselves for this purpose, and appeal to the Boards for support. And no doubt we shall be able of our own certain knowledge to subscribe to the statement of Sir I'. Hill, the Recorder of Birmingham—" That if the nations of the earth were c'assed according to the state of education in them, they would also be found to be ranked according to wealth, morals, and general pros perity." 