OUR PROTESTANT CONTEMPORARIES. (/tow the Weekly Register, September 25th.) On Thursday, a vestry meeting of the ratepayers of Brasted, near Sevenoaks, Kent, was held for the purpose of making a church rate; the Rev. W. Hollands, the rector, in the chair. A rate of- 3d. in the pound was proposed and seconded. Mr. Barton was of opinion it would be an act of great absurdity to make any rate in the parish, seeing that ICO out of 320 ratepayers had not paid the last church rate . that was granted. The majority of the ratepayers were not only willing but anxious to subscribe what ever might be required voluntarily, but if arato were made the money would never be collected. Ulti mately an amendment, ' that no rate be made,' was carried, and the meeting separated. — Times. ? The battle of the Low Church against the High never was in so formidable a state as at this moment . and every day produces fresh evidence that the Pnseyites have rather increased in strength and firm ness of purpose since the adverse judgment in the Gorham case, and all the other decisions of the Church Courts and the Privy Council against them. Fresh causes of contention are daily arising ; and the Low Church prelates are treating what they designate the ' schism,' and ' the attempt to estab lish the doctrine of Confession in the Reformed. Church,' with exceeding rigour. — Dublin Ei&iing; Post. i A' suit has been commenced in Chancery by two of the trustees and two other members of the Baptist Chapel, St. Mary's, Norwich, against the minister (the Rev. G. Gould) and the other trustees, for practising ' open communion,' the trust deed pre scribing ' that none but Baptists believing in the doctrine of limited or particular redemption shall be entitled to admission into the church, congregation, or chapel, or to be members of- the Church.'.— Bury. Post. ? '.'??? At a vestry meeting^held at Uske, Monmouth shire, on the 16th inst., a' church rale for the ensuing year having been proposed, it was resisted by Messrs. Relph and Greatwood, and others, and re jected by a large majority. ; A correspondent of the Times says : — ' A curate of the parish to which I belong called upon me yesterday, and as he ? was leaving the house, the housemaid said to him, ' If you please, Sir, a young woman wishes to speak to you.' I lent my dining room for the conference, and it lasted about ten minutes. In the evening I asked the housemaid if her young friend wanted a place, and she replied, ' No, Sir, she only wanted to talk to the good gentle man.' 'Talk,' I said, 'do you mean to confess to him!' 'No, Sir* she has gone over.' Gone over! where tot' I exclaimed. 'Please, Sir, she has be come a Roman.' I was tempted to put one more question, so I said, ' Do you confess to him ?' She hesitated, and then replied, ' I have not done so as yet, but I see no harm in doing so.' ' From the establishment of agricultural societies, it has always been the custom, after the usual loyal toasts have been given, to give ' The Bishop and Clergy of the Diocese.' At the recent dinner of the Oxfordshire and Banbury Agricultural Society, held at Banbnry, that toast, however, was omitted from the chairman's list. It appears, from what we can learn, that the omission of the toast was in con sequence of representations made to the committee that a large number of the members of the society were so dissatisfied with the conduct of the Bishop of Oxford respecting the Boyne-hill confession, that they were determined not to drink the toast, and to save the unpleasantness of its being received with hissing and clamour, the committee wisely withdrew it. — Morning Advertiser. A correspondent of The Times also states that at the recent meeting of the Oxfordshire Agricultural Society, held at Banbury on the 14th inst., the omission of the usual toast of the Church was no accidental omission, but that when the list of toasts was drawn up by the com mittee previous to the dinner, the opposition to this individual one was too great to be overcome. Dr. Sumner ( Bishop of Winchester) has been hold ing a visitation this week. Owing to the many events of general interest which have occurred since the last visitation, and the course which Parliament has taken in matters affecting the Establishment, there was a very large attendance of the clergy. The bishop in his charge very strenuously advocated Church extension. ? He alluded to the agitation against church-rates, as rendering necessary a mea sure for their adjustment, and he then proceeded to comment upon the following questions : — An ap propriate course of professional study for candidates for holy orders, the abolition of pluralities and sine cures, the augmentation of the means' of poor curates, the licensing of public worship in po pulous districts for tha accommodation of the poor, the revision of the boundary of dioceses, the extension of the church to the colonies and all the foreign dependencies of the empire. The Globe says, with regard to the subject of confession, he contended that the language of the formularies gave no sanction to private confession, while by the homilies it was expressly condemned. He believed that the practice was attended with the greatest danger, that it had been perverted to the vilest purposes, and that it was as repugnant to the spirit of the Gospel as it was to the manly common sense and independent mind of the great mass of the English people. What will Mr. Liddell and the Tractarian clergy say to this expression of episcopal opinion ? After a poll which lasted three days and closed on Saturday, Gainsborough ha3 refused a church rate by a majority of C8 vote3 — the numbers being, for the rate 371, against it 439.. This decision, how ever, scarcely settles the question. By the Aet of Parliament for the augmentation of the living, the su.n of £400 ought to have been in land, anil the rent paid to the vicar. In lieu of it, the sum of £20 has been paid to the vicar annually out of the rates. The question now arises, how is the £20 to be raised? — Times. A petition setting forth that a practice of auri cular confession is being revived in certain parts of the Church of England by several curates, ministers, professors, and other priests, not without the coun. tenance of one, at least, among the members of the Episcopal Bench, has been drawn up and proposed for general adoption by the Rev. John Macnaught, incumbent of St. Chrysostom's, Everton, Liverpool. The petitioners allege that the Protestant favourers of confession plead, with a certain plausible show of reason, that the ' power of absolution,' intrusted to them at their ordination, implies, as its necessary antecedent, the use^'of private confession, and, more over, that an apparent sanction of sacerdotal abso lution and of preliminary confession is contained in the following passages of the Book of Common Prayer, viz.:— 1. In the Absolution at morning and evening prayer — ' The absolution to be pronounced by the priest alone standing, the peoplo still kneeling.' 'Almighty God hath given power to His ministers to declare and pronounce to His people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins.' 2. In the exhortation of the Com munion — ' Let him come to some minister of God's Word and open His grief, that he may receive the benefit of absolution.' 3. In the ordering of Priests — ' Whose sins Thou dost forgive they are .forgiven ; aud whose sins Thou dost retain they are,; retained.' 1. Inthe Visitation of (the Sick— ' Then ; shall the minister examine whether he repent him truly of his sins,' &c.; ' Here shall the sick per son be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if- he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which confession the priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort— ' Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His church to absolve all sinnets who truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences : and by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost— Amen.' ' That under these circumstances, and in order to remove all pre texts for the renewal of auricular confession in the Church of England, so far as such pretexts might be raised upon fair or unfair interpretations of the expressions quoted above, your petitioners humbly pray that the quoted portions of these four passages may be altogether expunged from the Book of Com mon Prayer, arid, if need be, that other plain and uoobjeciipnal phrasea may be substituted for them. 