REVIEW. T)ie Irith Quarterly Reitlew. Number for January, . 1859, Dublin : W. B. Kelly ; Melbourne: M. T. Gason. t Ab we wete lounging a few days ago in the shop of Mr. E..F. Flanagan, in Market-street, and turning over the pages of Dr. Richard Tuthill Massey's recondite and artistically-executed essay on the Celtic Race, it forcibly struck us tliat we had been long guilty of a dereliction of duty towards our literature- loving constituents. During -the last ten or fifteen years, vigorous efforts have been made to establish a sound, solid, and distinctly national literature in Ireland. The earnest and right-minded men who initiated — and who have strenuously laboured to develop — this grand undertaking, have met with considerable success ; but their success is by no means proportionate to the labour expended, nor commensurate with the real ability exercised, in their various efforts. English antagonism met them at every step. Nor is this to be wondered at. They had a difficult duty to perform — strongholds of preju dice to batter down — temples of a pure and high philosophy to erect — powerful and well-organised conspiracies against truth to break up — their own peculiarities of thought and temper to govern. The repelling elements in British literature were not di rected against them so much on anti-Irish as anti- Catholic grounds. The history of the Dublin Review is an illustration of this truth. Notwithstanding its name, and the fact that its first editor was an Irish Catholic (Mr. Joseph Quinn), it has always been essentially an English Catholic periodical, conducted on the approved English model, and in the best pos sible English taste, temper, and style ; still it never made its way into London clubs, reading rooms, li braries, and the studies of savans ; it never remov ed from the educated British mind those historical misconceptions — absurd prejudices — crude theories — and philosophic materialism, which harden it against Catholic influences; it never gave the bright enduring Catholic colour to the artist mind of young England, — all of which, (particularly in the earlier years of its existence,) it was so admirably calcula ted to effect. National prejudice was against it — against its Catholicity. On the contrary, the Nation newspaper, the series of essays published in Duffy's National Library of Ireland, and the publications of the Celtic Society, not only received great atten. tion, but drew forth, of course on literary grounds only, ingenuous energetic admiration from English writers and readers. So long and so far removed as we are now from Catholic action in England, it is impossible for us to say, with any degreeof certain ty, how far the Rambler (a periodical that has ever been cha-acterlsed by a lofcy splrlt- of independence, sound English writing, and high philosophy) makes its way and influences Protestant thought. That it does so to some extent, we can judge, from the Pro testant prints of various hues — red, orange, grey, and motley- hued — which have from time to time noticed it. However English opinion has been against Irish literature, still Irish literature survives. Just as old Erin's fields preserve their emerald greenness as freshly, her old hills their heathery crests as proudly, her old churches their attached ivy as closely to- day, as they did before Essex or a soldier of Elizabeth's broke beyond the pale, so do the good and brave books written by learned and patriotic men outlive the criticisms levelled against them, or the scorn flung upon them. We have the;n : it is our duty to treasure them. We should treasure them, but not in the sense of arranging them, elegantly bound, on our book-shelves. We should study them — recommend them to onr ehil- , dren, and to all young people who are wards of our ' love — to bring them home to the hearts and hearths of our fellow citizens of all classes. In this spirit and with this determination we left Mr. Flanagan's shop on the day intimated above. As a sort of realization of our day-dream — an ex post facto commendation on our good thoughts — we found the number of the serial, which heads this paper, on our table. It gave us an opportunity of doing as we had resolved to do, at once. The Irish Quarterly commends itself to us for two good qualities : it is solid and unaffecttd. We find in its pages real and rare learning ; various and always valuable information ; thoughtful and . truthful criticism j while it lacks the pbinpous and ponderous pronunciations, the gigantic egotisms, and the haughty and consequently generally unhal lowed spirit of the majority of the British Quarter lies. It has neither the massive dogmatism of the Quarterly, the'affected point and piquancy of the Edinburgh, the vague transcendentalism of the Westminster, nor thesuperfine sanctimoniousness of the Methodist. It is not so pretentious as the Dub lin, nor so ambitious as the North .''British. It is in fact a homely, instructive, well-conductca, and useful serial — one that we can honestly commend to our readers, and which our readers would do well to procure regularly as soon as may be. 'In the number before us we have sufficient matter for'a month's good study. We are posi tively in an embarras de ricliesse, and do not know how or where to turn — we are somewhat like the Welsh orator, who could very easily !get into a speech, but found it extremely difficult to get out of it. The firBt article in the number before us, on 'Eating and Feeding,' is a humourous and curious essay on the table, its history and associations ; the '? second, a' rosary of historical notes on the .progress of Sculpture; the third, an able exposure of the horrors of the -English Workhouse System ; the 'fourth, a clever and happily ?conceived paper on 1 Beards and Whiskers ; the fifth, a masterly tractate , on the Life and Writings of Father' Ravignan, S.J. j .from- the sixth to the eleventh (the last) a series of ? semi-political and social articles, all written in a ' happy spirit, and abounding iu rich illustration and copious information. We shall for the present content ourselves with an examination of the papers ou the hirsute honours of the ' face divine,' ar don ' Lc Pirede Ravignan, Sa vie, Ses CEuvres.' The writer of the first proves logically (and very easily) that beards were given us by nature to be worn. He- meets objections in this genial way : — 'It is occasionally urged that beards are dirty appendages, such as dust gatherers. So far from being an encourager of filth, the beard, on the con trary, is an efficient protection against it. It gathers dust and dirt only to prevent their being inhaled into the lungs, or stopping up the pores of the skin. This important office it performs much in the same way that the eye- lashes and the short hairs in the ears and nostrils protect the organs about which they are placed. And it would be quite as sensible an operation for a man to clip his eye- lashes every morning as to remove his beard and moustache. The dirt which the beard collects, can be more easily removed than if, by the absence of the heard, it were allowed to lodge itself in the pores of 'ti'ie skin. Because a man with a beard of one or two days' growth looks dirty, people are apt to conclude that it is the beard which caused that appearance, while it is only its shortness that does so ; as soon as it has attained some length it no longer looks dirty.' He then summarises the progress beard-wearing haB lately made, and gives the reasons for this happy change in men's tastes and minds : — 'Many persons are now becoming somewhat ashamed of their antiquated prejudices against a most becoming and useful ornament to the human face divine. We might quote numerous medical authorities to prove the utility of the growth of hair on the upper lip, especially of men who, in their professional avocations, are liable to exposure to all the ever varying changes of season and climate, now subject to chilling damps, freezing cold, or un wholesome night vapours, and anon to hot parching winds, or the scorching rays of a powerful vertical sun. But we should rest satisfied with the prima facie evidence afforded by the fact that an all-wise Creator, for some useful and benevolent purpose, has ordained that the masculine face shall he protected and adorned by the growth of hair. Irrespective, therefore, of' considerations of health and comfort, we fly in the face of God's providence, when we in considerately divest our features of every particle of their natural protection. Who so forward as an Englishman to ridicule and condemn the eccen tricities of other nations. The contracted feet of Chinese women, the long tails, the shaven heads, the scalp locks of Oriental races, excite our contempt at their senseless folly : while follies on onr part, equally as senseless, escape animadversion, and are complacently attributed to the rational dictates, or to the natural consequences, of a higher civilization. It was not the progress of civilization, it was a ser vile imitation of the first George that introduced among Englishmen the ridiculous practice of divest, ing their faces of every particle of hair. Prior to the reign of George I. such a practice was unknown, and would have been scoffed at as preposterous. Feelings of rancorous hatred and enmity towards a neighbouring nation, with whom we have perpetually come into collision, and over whom we have fre quently triumphed, have tended to foBter the prac tice into a prejudice, and to perpetuate it as a national peculiarity, distinguishing us in features, at widely as we were severed in feelings, from our mis called natural enemies. Intellectual progress and general enlightenment are fast dispelling such absurd prejudices, and overcoming such ungenerous feelings. Few care to acknowledge that they enter tain and cherish the bigoted opinions of bygone days. It is encouraging to klluw' that thoao -who share in these antiquated sentiments are fast disap pearing from the arena of public life. Common sense has triumphed over bob wigs, pigtails, grease, and hair powder, and will yet extend more generally that protection to the features which a luxuriant growth of hair affords, and men will sedulously cul tivate beard, whiskers and moustache.' We have subsequently an ingenious chronicle of the fate of face-hair from the earliest times. Let us give a specimen of it : — ' The custom of shaving appears to have varied considerably in different ages and countries, accord ing to the caprice of fashion, the arbitrary will of sovereign princes, or the necessities of the climate ; but the practice of abrasion, nevertheless, seems to have become more common as mankind have advanced in civilisation. We are told by Cicero, that for some hundred years there were no barbers in Rome. Pliny and Varro inform us that the Romans did not begin to shave till the year of the city, 452, when Publius Ticinins Mena brought over barbers from Sicily. Scipio Africanus, Pliny adds, ivas the first Roman who shaved every day.' ' Speaking of the early Roman Kings, Juvenal tells us that they were proud of their long beards. And this reminds me of an anecdote I have heard, or re id somewhere, of the good old King George the Third. It is said that the monarch, whose chin had remained unshorn for many years, was present at the chapel in Windsor when the preacher, by an unfortunate impediment in his speech, misread a sentence so as to make it appear, ' O Lord shave the King!' a lapsus linguce which, of course, setvthe congregation into hysterics of well-bred laughter.' 'Few faahions have undergone greater mutations than those to whioh the hair and beard have been subject. With women long tresses — those natural jewels of the sex — have always been admired ; but with men, the changes of dress, manners, and Ian? guage have been of less importance than the way of cutting their beards and trimming their locks. There was a time when ' 'Twas morry in the hall, where beards wagged all;' ' ' Whole nations have been named from their beards. The Tartars waged long and bloody wars with the Persians, because they would not consent to cut their beards in the Turkish fashion. The in suit offered to the beards of tho senators decided the fate of ancient and imperial Rome, which fell before the swords of the barbarous, .unshaven, and audacious Gauls. Beards were worn by the Greeks till the time of Alexander the Great, B.C.330 ; by the Romans till the year B. C. 297 ; by the Jews, from the earliest period till in A. D. 1068, when they were discontinued in tViSo oount..y. Perer the Great of Russia had such a horror of hair on .the face, that he appointed officers to go about and cut off the beards of all those of his subjectB who wore them above afoot and a half .in length.' ' The fashion of the beard we all know, is. an in. teresting topic with the mule sex, from the stripling of sixteen to the patriarch of sixty. Barbers haye wielded the destinies of empires, taking their rulers by the chin ; and have sometimes been the greatest tyrants. A ludicrous tale is told of our government in 1881, who, by the mouths of Lord Goderloh and Howick, ordered an allowance of two razors per annum, for renovating the ebony chins of the West Indian negroes, a people without beards; and Mr. Hume, in the House of Commons, publicly declared about that time, in opposition to the razor grant, that the best instrument of the kind he ever, possess- ed, had been bought of a Jew boy some twelve years previously for a shilling. Alas! for Sheffield, if all men found shilling razors last so long,. and shave their epidermis so cleanly as did that belong ing to the honorable member.' ' The ancient Indian philosophers, called gymno sophists, were solicitous to have long beards, which were considered symbolical of wisdom. Tho Assy rians and Persians also prided themselves on . their long beaid and.St. Chrysostom informs.ua .thatthe kings of Persia had their beards interwoveu or net ted with gold thread. The figures on the' Babylonian cylinders are usually represented with beards, and those on the reliefs from Persepolis, .in tho British Museum. The first Etruscans wore a, .large long beard, pointed and turned up in front. Mercury was represented with this sort of beard. In the earlier times the Etruscans marked the hair of their statues like scales of fish, or in corksorew curls. The hair and locks (sayB Winckelman, the first great sculptor who treated the hair with care,) dis posed par etage (in stories) are found without excep tion in all Etruscan figures. Aaron Hill, in his Account of the Ottoman Empire, published in 1709, draws this distinction between the Persians and' the lurks : ' the Persians never shave the hair upon the upper lip; but trim the beard upon their chin, ac cording to the various forms their several fancies lead them to make choice of; whereas the Turks preserve with care a very long and spreading beard, esteeming the deficiency of that respe=ted ornament a shameful mark of servile slavery.' ' ' The Chinese are said to affect long beards ; -but 'nature having deuicd their natural growth, they are sometimes supplied to the chin artificially.' ' Plutarch, in his life of Theseus, mentions, inci dentally, that Alexander cut. off the beards of the Macedonian soldiers, that they might not be used as handles by their enemies in battle; for nothing is so painful to the feeling as a tug at the beard.' ' The Greeks continued to shave the beard till the time of Justinian, under whom long beards came again into fashion, and so continued till the taking of Constantinople by the Turks, in 1453. The Greek philosophers usually made the beard a dis tinguished feature in their appearance. Persius terms Socrates the bearded masterY»--J£toer barba tus), and Prudentius bestows the same title of 'barlatus' upon Plato. Adrian was the first of the Roman Emperors who %vore a beard. Plutarch says he wore it to hide a large wart and other scars in his face. The emperors who followed him con tinued to wear the beard,' ' An antiquarian writer has discovered that the custom of shaving off the beard, on the continent was first introduced by Peter Lombard, 1160. In nocent III. confirmed it with the monks at the Council of Lateran, in the yeai 1200 ; and the rea son which induced tke Council to make the injunc tion for shaving beards was, lest iu the ceremony of receiving the Sacrament the beard might touch the bread and wine, or crumbs and drops fall and stick upon it.' ' The clergy, however, were averse to this change, and it appears that in France, from 1515 to 1547, Francis I. made the priests pay a large sum for wearing their beards.'. After treating us to sundry Jasciculi of anecdotes, the writer winds up : — 'A facetious writer in the Quarterly Review, asserts that a mutton chop seems to have suggested the form of a substantial British whisker. Out of this simple design countless varieties of forms have arisen. British whiskers, in truth, have grown up like all the great institutions of the country, noise lessly and persistently— an outward expression, as the Germans would say, of the inner life of the people ; the general idea; allowing of infinite variety according to the individuality of the wearer. Let us takp the next half dozen men passing by the window as we write. The first has his whiskers tucked into the corners of his mouth, as though he were holding them up with his teeth. The second whisker that we descry has wandered iato the middle of the cheek, arid there stopped, as though it did not know where to go to, like a youth who has. ventured out into the middle of a 'ball-room with all'eyes upon him. Yonder bunch of bristles twists, the contrary way, under the owner's [ears'; he -could.nnt,,for the.Jife_6£J)im..tell:why it.retroEaded so. The fourth citizen, with1 the vast Pacific of a face, has little whiskers, which seem to have stopped short after two inches of voyage, as though aghast at the prospect of having to double such a Cape Horn of a chin. We perceive coming a tremendous pair,' running over the shirt collar in luxuriant profusion. Yet, we see, as the Colonel or General takes oft' his hat to that lady, that ho is quite bald — those whiskers are, in fact, nothing but a tremendous land slip, from the veteran's head.' The essay on Ravignan is at once bold, decided, well-executed, and complete. Two or three pages are devoted to a comment on the deep debasement into which bigotry has plunged English fiction. M-. Poujoulat is then commended for his excellent life of Father de Ravignau— extracts made— and, the real theme of the essay begun, we cannot hotter' prepare the mind of the reader for the consideration of the matter than by giving an extract from M. Poujoulat's work. It will make an excellent pro logue or epilogue to the actual life of Father Xavier.de Ravignan. 'People often ask with profound surprise, how it is that the order of Jesuits has excited more preju dice and hatred, and become the object of more per severing attacks, than all the other religious orders taken in a body ; they look on the fact as an in comprehensible mystery. On considering from a near point of view the existence of the Jesuits, the date of their first appearance, and the battle fields on which history finds them engaged, this ex ceptional hatred seems easy of explanation. ' The Jesuits rose at a time when the greatest hatred prevailed against the Catholic Church, namely, the epoch of the breaking forth of Protes- tantism ; and as they at once took up arms against the newborn foe, they were consequently detested. * * * At a later date the Companions of Jesus found themselves face to face with another enemy. They distinguished themselves as the firmest opponents of Jansenism ; they had to sustain the shock of the united forces of Port Royal and the Parliaments; they had enemies in the magistracy as well as in the ranks of genius, two powers the more redoubtable, as being recommended to public estimation by virtue. In the controversy of the Five Propositions it was not easy for the public to dis tinguish with which side rested the correct theo logical principle. That which they best compre hended in the debate was what furnished them amusement; and it so happened, that comic enter tainment and eloquent raillery at the expense of the Jesuits gushed forth in exhaustless flow out of that immortal lie, Les Provincialies. ' The Jesuits not only defended Catholic Truth against. Luther and Jansenius ; they defended Re ligion in its essence, in its fundamental principles, in its works ; their pens and tongues were employed in the service of those doctrines which ensured the repose and the duration of governments. Instructors of youth, they implanted in the hearts' of rising' generations religious and social truths; and thus it was, that their work ceased not with the passing hour, but also embraced the future. This was the vanguard, the valiant phalanx, which it was necessary to get rid of, when in the eighteenth century a vast conspiracy under the name of Philosophy was organised against Christianity. A campaign of calumny was opened by the same agency against the Jesuits: it was an essential point in the programme of hostilities. ' If despite our long sufferings from which light and justice were at last to issue, public feeling has not thoroughly reconciled to itself the idea of Jesuitism, we can only see therein the deep tracei of former hostilities ; it is a proof of the breadth of tho wound inflicted on our faith. For three hundred years religion and authority have been vehemently assailed, and for these three hundred years the Jesuits have upheld religion and authority. They have been the devoted objects of deeper animosity and outrage than all the other champions of truth on tho earth, because the world. has been kept in amaze at tho immensity of their labours, in the centre of which the martyr's purple is conspicuous. This hatred of the Jesuits is contemporary with that revolution in Europe which dates from the great war of the sixteenth century against the Papacy. They belong to no party, and accommodate them selves, as Catholicism itself does, to all forms of government among nations ; but their spirit, which is imbued with the virtue of obedience, still sym pathises with authoritv. They love it, for it is at once the essential condition and the visible exponent of order; and order here below, is an image of that higher harmony where the glory of God himself is unveiled. * * * It is not surprising that in our days worthy people retain prejudices against the Jesuits, because the most honourable, and even the most distinguished spirits, sometimes take judg ments on trust, and do not give themselves time to go to the bottom of historical research ; but the simply bad will never be the friends of the Order. ' If the company of Saint Ignatius was such as the Parliament of Paris represent it in the unfortunate decree of 1762, if all the abominations ascribed formed a portion of the instruction given the Je suits, impiety and revolt would have paid them de voted worship. ' In a life merely contemplative, or devoted to study in the cloister, the Jesuits had lived in peace ; they would have encountered on their way none but the ordinary trials reserved for every Catholic in stitution : but they formed a militant body ; they were, above all, men of apostolic action,, sent against the powers of error and evil; they ceaselessly of fered battle under the Christian banner; the most glorious portion of their destiny was exposure to as saulr. Saint Augustin has indicated to us the two cities, whose strife shall only end with time itself. Nothing can be more natural than tho storms which form the staple of the history of the Society of Jesus ; that history is the history of truth and the opinion of Europe for three centuries.' We cannot resist the reproduction of a passage from the same source, which is a splendid tribute to the heart and genius of that high souled son of France, the author of the 'Genius of Chris tianity' : — ' A nation which has strayed from God, must either return or perish. It was the will of Provi dence that France should be preserved ; it was God's good pleasure to use it as an instrument for the accomplishment of his eternal purposes. Thus: it happened, that after those days when guilty follies drove Him from the temples, as they would have driven Him from Heaven if they could, the days of renovation returned. The low murmur of impiety which Fenelon, had heard, became in the eighteenth century a tempest, and the tempest was now appeased. A deep-felt need of religion sprung from the midst of the ruins ; impiety appeared in its true aspect, exhibiting its immense ravages and its bloody fruits. Crime had followed as the natu ral consequence of principles established with such levity and rashness; there had been enough of hor rors, of ruins, of untimely graves. France, aston ished by all that had been destroyed in ten years, and wearied with the weight of life without faith, eagerly demanded once more the worship of their forefathers, priests and altars. Then the man whose sword was in the ascendant, hearkened to this vast sigh of a reviving land, and had the courage to res . pond to it, notwithstanding'' the ignorant and low bred oppositions of those about him. The First Consul foresaw an additional strength conferred on his authority by a return' to the Catholic Church. He acquired both advantage and honour from the opening of the churches, ' But if general' opinion tended 'towards Christi anity, and laid claim to it as to a long lost posses sion, there was greater interest exhibited for its re collections than its lights.;- People were glad to re cover their church through a social, conservative, and patriotic instinct, but they knew nothing, or next to nothing, of religion. They had forgotten its benefits and its mighty works, its divine supe riority over every institution raised by the hand of man, and the affecting and sublime poetry of its ceremonies and its festivals. It was necessary to strike a great blow in the kingdom of thought ; a work was to be achieved, not by dint of reasonings and demonstrations, but by the double power which attracts and subjects, which induces reverie and thought, which exalts, animates, and colours every thing;', viz., imagination and style. It now behoved to rouse admiration for what would have only ex cited contempt in the eighteenth century. ' A bril liant writer, a great painter, was found to perform the task. 'A young French noble, an exile and wanderer, who at the outset of life had seldom thought on le ligion, learned at last to know God, in the midst of .the forests and the immense landscapes of the New World. No one returns in an impious frame of 'mind from scenes of solitude. Himself hath said, ' woe to the traveller, who, after making the tour of the world, has re-entered an unbeliever under the roof of his ancestors !' Having diligently sought his vocation, M. Chateaubriand found it in Chris tianity. ''':His book appeared at an hour the' most .favourable, the best chosen ; it was the most bril liant and happy coincidence within the world of lite rature. Whoever has intimately studied the history of the human race is well aware of the important ; part played by imagination among its various tribes ; to despise it would be to exhibit ignorance in the art of governing men. You have done much for some great object, when you have associated' it ' with the imagination. The book of M. Chateau briand rendered that service to Christianity: it, will endure, as marking an epoch. Look not into ! it for a studied vigorous theology, for profound i philosophy, extensive learning, the exuberant riches : of the fathers of the church ; but consult it for whatever can be expected from sentiment and rich j colouring. 'At the distance of more than half d century, : and to us who may be already considered as poster. | ity, this work cannot be accepted as admirable in ! every point of view. It still sustains its pristine reputation in the descriptive and critical portions; : the mere Christian tableaux, in which we are con scions of laboured art, and a deficiency in the ' na tural,' have faded to some extent. If in our days an uttentive perusal of the ' Genius of Christianity* '. ia leas fertile in enchantments, there are still found, and always will be found, real and new beauties,; beauties of. a high order, which belong pecnliarly to M. do Chateaubriand. They bear the striking impress of one of the most powerful minds that have-ever enriched French literature. Even his defects have a certain character which leaves much to the excursions of fancy ; they are fleeting clouds whose motions the mind loves to follow. The Genius of Christianity attained its object amid en thusiastic acclamation. We may be permitted to doubt whether any one was converted, and went to confession after reading it; but at all events, he might now go to Mass without pulling his hat over his eyes.' Wo will let tho Irish reviewer tell us tho early life of the illustrious Jesuit, whose life and writings form his theme :— ' The gieat grandfather of our Apostle purchased the Chateau of Ravignan, near Mount Mersan in the Landes, in the reign of Louis XIV; and with the castle and estate ho bought the privilege of using the name, his own proper one being De La ' Croix. The same gentleman owned an estate called the Gurgue, about four leagues from Bayonne, where he chiefly abode, as tho Chateau of Ravignan was in a luinou.s condition. The family followed the profession of arms. The father of the subject of our. memoir was a Chevalier of Saint Louis under that unsaintly King, the fifteenth of the name. ;[Iis wife was a Saint Céram, and a brother-in-law of his, a lieutenant in the expedition of Lapeyrouse, died iu the Philippine! isles. He wore through the dreary revolution without emigrating, though at imminent peril of his life. The devotedness of his valet Du maine, w.ho once assumed his queue, powder, and embroidered coat, saved his life oil the occasion. ' On the 2nd of December, 1795, Gustave Xavier I de La Croix de R'avignan was born at Bayonne, ' and privately baptized on the next day at the house j of a watchmaker in the same town. , As in the case of so many of the elect in the Old Testament, his name seems to have possessed prophetic power. During his infancy he did not enjoy robust health. I Afterwards, though frolicsome and lively with his | playmates, he was serious when in the presence of j his parents. His gravity made his family callhim the young ambassador : he became one indeed, but it was to plead tho oausa-of-bia follow mortals at | the court of Heaven. His father being advanced ! in years at his birth, made him his close companion in all his little excursions to Bayonne and back. ' In the year 1805, he conducted him to Paris, and left him under the care of the Abbe Hunot in ! the Rue Cherche Midi. He soon surpassed all his class-mates, and rather embarrassed his teachers by his extraordinary quickness in mastering his lessons. Even at that early time of his life he experienced a strong devotional impulse ; and performed his reli gious duties to the great content of the spiritual director of tho school, the AbbC de Sambucy. ' i.t the end of a year and a-half he was changed to a superior academy, Rue Mntignon, presided over by M. Hix and three clergymen, and affording secular and religious instruction to 250 students. The father-confessor was the AbbC Doremus, who about a quarter of a century later became the spiritual director of the Duchess of Berri. Here his progress was equally rapid. He was accompanied by his elder brother Hippolyte, who was also his god -father, and to whom he continued tenderly attached through life. 'At thirteen years of age, his parents were desirous that he should enter among the pages ; but finding that generally these pages entered on a military career after a couple of years, he sought guidance in prayer, and announced to his parents that he felt no inclination for arms, and preferred the study of law or diplomacy. 'JFor five months before his first communion, he could not be induced to bo present at a play. His preparation was probably as perfect as could be made by one of his age, where the grace received was so well aided by the most tender devotion in prayer and meditation. 'After five years of successful studies, he lost his father, whom he had not seen since his entry at M. Hunot's academy. His vacations had been passed in the city, as in those days the idea of a journey from Paris to Bayonne and back again every year was not to be entertained. At fifteen years and a half old, he finishedjiis studies with M. Hix, having had for class fellows, among other celebrities, Oudenot, Alfred de Vigny, Perignon, the composer Herold, and lastly Count D'Orsay, who in after years presented to his former comrade a Head of Christ modelled by himself. ' At sixteen years of age he commenced the study of jurisprudence, taking for his guide M. Goujon, who was recommended by M. Seze, the illustrious defender of Louis XVI. Hi3 confessor was tho sainted conferencier M. Frayssinous, whose labours in the pulpit were at this time suspended by Napo leon, as mentioned before. He applied himself at intervals to the study of English, German, and general reading; and might be seen praying with fervour at an early MasB,.and delighting a saloon in the evening by the elegance of his manners and the agreability of his conversation ; for, as our author remarks, ' Piety in the fashionable world has no need of making faces at the company.' Religion held his heart, and so exclusively, that these out ward matters did not affect his deep seated piety in the slightest degree. He has occasionally said, ad., dressing his mother, ' If I have offended you in any way, I take refuge iu your heart ;' as St. Augustin once wrote, ' If you are afraid of God, run and hide in his arms.' 'Inheriting by race and tradition loyal attach ment to the Bourbons, he took up arms after the return from Elba, and was in peril of his life at an engagement in the lower Pyrenees. He would not quit M. Barbarin, his colonel, who was severely wounded, and the noble-minded but mistaken man, seeing no other means to compel his friend to fly for his life, snatched a pistol from his belt and shot himself on the spot. Gustave soon after rejoined the little body of French soldiers that were com manded by Count Eticnne de Damas in Spain, and was appointed lieutenant of cavalry. We will pass over a few years — years of illness and trial to Ravignan — and come to a turning point in his career : ' In 1817 he was admitted to the office of Con seiller Auditeur, being the elect out of three candi dates proposed, the interest of the Duke Angoulome, which was due chiefly to his conduct during the Hundred Days, having, it is supposed, influenced the King's choice. His first essay as a pleader , dated May, 1820. The notes made 'on his first brief, whioh are still extant, exhibit great powers of reason, extensive'. information, clearness, and force ., In all his speeches during his legal career, there was evident a serious' study of the' subject matter,! and a rare correctness iii'the opening and the dis cussion of the cause.' ' : ' On the 31st of August, 1821, he was employed in the prosecution of Cauchois-Le-Maire, for 'an impudent and licentious attack on the government., He conscientiously drew a distinction between license and liberty, and had the pleasure of seeing i an unprincipled and mischievous writer found guilty! under all the heads of the accusation.' j ' During the vacation of Pentecost the President ; Army used, to assemble a select numbBr of his | friends,- among whom was always found De Ravig- ? nan, at his chateau de Rosay in Upper Normandy. In the number of the invited were to be found Chaveau Lagard, the illustrious defender of Marie Antoinette and Charlotte Corday ; Michaud, a col laborateur of our biographer in the History of the Crusades, and one whom he characterises as a de lightful talker, a profound politician, a historian of groat talent, of great knowledge, and-.of an upright conscience ; M. Berryer, then a brilliant young ad vocate, and ths Professor Lemaire. There our future conferencier chatted, made verses, enjoyed' manly .exercises, and contributed moro than any one to the general harmless enjoyment. One amuse ment alone he would not share — the card tible, or gambling of any description. About this period a friend of his, of an irreligious disposition, fell ill, and was watched by him with the care of a mother. He ceased not till he had the inexpressible comfort of seeing the sinner thoroughly reconciled to his God before the near approach of his dissolution.' ' He passed some happy days with his dear rela. tives at Ravignau or St. Laurent. The desire of entering into tho ecclesiastical state lud taken hold of him in a greater or loss degree for. some, tiino; and his biographer is careful to assert that no worldly disappointment, or chagrin, or affair of tho heart, had the least influence on the travailiug of his soul in these days. M. I1 Abbe FrayBsinous, his spiritual director, cautioned him against a too sudden resolve. Aftor his. return from tho country in 1819 he resumed his legal lunations, giving thereby great pleasure to 'his mother, who seems always to have opposed his vocation some what more vigorously and strictly thau became a devout Christian parent. This rciiiurk is made, not for the disparagement of the good lady, who, wo, hope, is at this moment enjoying the society of lior tilesscd tion iu glory nnd bliss, but for a warn.' ing to. living mothers not to pull .against the divine bands which are drawing their happy children. into the refuge of Christian perfection. The . rule ia this matter is Bimple: furca or ,per»uado not; your children to enter a religious mate, but do not' oppose their wislvcs when they tend iu that direction.' ' He was appointed substitute to the Procurcur du Roy, 1st August, 1821 ; and during the follow ing winter he went pretty freely into society by order of his spiritual director, who wished to test the gonuineness of his vocation by bringing him face to face with the attractions of the world. He no longer danced, and was often found by his family very sad in appearance. His hour being come at last, he spoke to his mother of being obliged to take a journey which might occupy him a week or so, promising;. to write if he would not have roturrwd by that tune.:- In embracing her a-2 - ' ?-. his departure, he jestingly requested her not toi,,,, present a petition a la T.ovcday.* ' Ou the morning of the 19th of April, 1822, he entered the little seminary of Issy, in the outskirts of Paris, where so many holy and learned men had tested their vocation before him. In the gar den of the house c illtd the Solitude are two large cypresses, standing like two silent sentinels, and the solitaires have a view of Paris, lying silent and untempting beyond their little world. He wrote to his motner as he had promised, asking for giveness for not being more explicit with her, as he could not endure the sight of her grief. His director was M. Mollevaut, the superior of the house of Solitude. M. Frayssinous, on confiding him to this venerable guide, said, ' When he in forms me that you have received a call, I will be as much at peace as if the words came from God.' ' Mmo. de Ravignan, in her distress, paid a visit to M. Frayssinous, now Vicar-General of Paris, and Almoner to the King. He gave her all the consolation and courage that could be obtained by looking at tho separation in a religious light, and repeated more than once, ' I am growing old : your son is destined to succeed me at Saint Sal pice.' From a letter of her's to some lady among her intimate friends, the biographer gives his readers an opportunity to judge of the depth of the sacrifice she waB obliged to make in parting from her beloved child. ' His mother having gone to Saint Laurent and being very anxious about his health, ho writes, to' her in the most tender and affectionate style, describing his entire contentment in his present life, and mentioning that, to give pleasure to her and his other dear friends, he attends carefully to his health. ' It is very probable that De Ruvignan had no intention of entering the ranks of the Jesuitcs when he begau his retreat at Issy ; but there was such bitter hostility shewn to the order by the revlution... ary party about the year 1822, that he became decided, even as a brave volunteer quits garrison duty to encounter the enemy where the war is actually raging. His mother having returned to Paris in November, drove to Issy iu all haste to. embrace, her son, but he had set out on fool- on. All Souls' Day to Montrouge, whore Society possessed a little house, with court and garden, since 181.(5, the novices amounting to one hundrsd. She followed him thither, and wept, and embraced, and reproached him in turn. He consoled her as well as he could; and when he had brought some degree of comfort to her mind, he remarked with a smile, 'You sea, my dear mother, you did not name me Xavier for nothing.' ' We need not follow him through his noviciate. It was all that a noviciate should be, 'earnest, watchful, prayerful, and open to the Divine light and grace. He used well his three years' re tirement for the cultivation of his soul in contem plation, the science of the saints ; we will come at once to the time when he — his soul fortified with the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Spirit— broke his long silence. ' The time being come,' says his biographer, ' he made his vows of a professed, heard the bell of his active life ring, and never after reposed till he was received into the arms of his Lord.' ? We cannot in a better and fitter place introduce the Abbe de Bouclon's sketch of him : . ' ' We saw enter, and take his seat in the Chair of Theology, a meagre looking priest, austere iu ap pearance, with penetrating deep set eyes, and the marks of long patchings about the lids, but with angelical sweetness breathing from his features. . He began by saying, that he had not come to deliver ' a discourse, but to edify himself in our company, and profit of the graces which God had shed o\\\ our holy mansion, and to communicate whatever light? he had received from the Holy Spirit for our benefit and spiritual advantage. Consequently, there was less need of preaching than of recollection, silence, and prayer ; for God docs not cominunicnto himself except to those souls who pray, and who await his pleasure in silence ; witness the apostles when awaiting the descent of the Paraclete. Wo need a great tranquillity in the soul, a complete subjection of the passions, as God, according to the Scriptures, does riot visit our souls when in a state of trouble. 'The i 'poor of Silod was still at first j and when its waters were troubled, it .was to indicate that tho Aiigel had descended into them. As it was ,tho Holy Ghost who was to enlighten us in this retreat, ho begged us to offer a holy violence by our prayers, that his words might be endued with power. Ho pro.nised us nothing hut familiar colloquies, and kept his promise too, for ho sat in a corner of the pulpit, from which he never stirred ; and never used notion when excited, except with one arm. 'His discourses were apparently simple in struc ture, but flashes of fervour broke forth at every instant. His phraseology, negligent in appearance, exhibited .in reality diction of tho purest character. The good Religious had deceived us ; he was already a finished orator. Ho engraved in our hearts the most finished maxims of religious perfection. ; He discovered for us an entirely new world in the in terior spiritual life ; — iu the Ufa -hidden in God, as Saint Paul says. lie preached one of tho incom parable weeks of the Exercises of Saint Ignatius. From the second day of the retreat he brought our consciences into complete subjection : the whole seminary was at his foot. ' ' : '-' i 'I went to confession like the rest, but among tha last and least fervent. I found tho prie-dieu1' on which I kneeled, literally wet with tho tears of those who had preceded me. The charm of his discourses ivas forgotten iu the unction' of tho re lation of the good father with his penitents. 'Oh the happy fault !' he would say: 'you will honos forth be freed from pride.' Such was his sympathy and pity, that I fancied myself fur tlio .moment transported into the arms of the mercy of Jesus Christ. I was about to. lift my hoad, and seriously to ask him if. ha was hot that St. Ambrose, who wept the sins' of his ponitonts wheu thumsclvqs showed no compunction. Incredulous souls, who might have resisted his cloquenco in the pulpit, could never have resisted his cordial sympathy in the confessional. ? *-. ? He still asserted to us that ho feared tho gift of qloquence, lest it might damage the action of the Holy Ghost in our souls. The fruits of a retreat preached by such a man may be guessed. From tho silence of tho houso inhabited by a hundred and fifty youug people, noisy enough at other times, you would Bay it was occupied by shadows. ' On an occasion when tho Holy Sacrament was exposed, and he was consequently obliged to stand up, hi' apuke of thu love of all men, but particularly for Ihosu destined to continue and perpetuate Ilia miasiun alid sacrilico on thu earth. Tho subject en-, kiudlod him. I have never heard such beautiful developments oil a subject worthy tho meditations .« All .EnBllahmBU so .called iiremmUHt, h lililo boforo that time, a pplltion to the Uliamlicr -if Utilities, com jrlalnmn thnt liiu daughter lisa b.'ou.uu a Cumt llo^wil (jruUracodatcJlijluUK stale. .._ ? , of nn entire life. The great orator wns at length revsaledj 'and we' afterwards heard without sur prise. thS triumphs of his eloquence. ' He quitted us at last, this man of God, from whom we no more wished to he ever separated, than St. Peter wished to descend from Thabor. But he left peace in mir souls, divine grace in our hearts, and the most loving coidiality aniriijr the brothers. After his departure, the seminary appeared entirely renewed in a spirit of fervor, charily, love of the rule, and of study.' It would fur exceed our space to follow cither M. Foujpulat or the reviewer stf.p by step. We can not however damage the subject by omitting to (jive fit least one extract from the sermons of this Chris tian orator, if only to shew his peculiarity, unction and force combined : ' The man without Christianity will become an idolater, a worshipper of brute force: to sav that there never was Idolatry, is the same as to wish that it should still exist. Put away from hefore your eyes theEe temples, these idols, these names of im pure divinities, and all the sombre veils of antiquity j pier:e these clouds studded with errors, and what will you find in the heart of the idolater ? — the same thing you would find in the individual this present day — man like unto himself where is he destitute of faith. ' ? ? ' One flay a tree was felled in a wood j it was hewn and fashioned. This time it was not to he made into a pod ; — no, it was for something hotter. A man laden with griefs, ignominies, outrages, con demned by the cowai dice of a prevaricating judge to «n ignominious death, was to carry this cross. He 'to'nk it on his . sn'ouldcra ; spent with fatigue, he draeged it to the top of the hill. There, his car. menls are torn off him with violence ; he is fastened nailed to the wood j the cross is fixed in earth; it stands upright; — the world is regenerated, changed, Instructed fnr ever: — vain thoughts of men where nreyou! * * Men believe that to subject the world, brilliant armies and powerful geniuses are needed : — No, facts prove the contrary, Livid and bruised flesh, blood gushing forth with violence, a clown of thorns, an infamous and cruel, death, a cross of wood : — Lord, behold your arms and the instruments of triumph prepared for the conquest of the universe. And all the stones of this temple . were hewn, and chiselled, and set in their places^ to - do homage to this truth. See the cross at the end. of the sanctuary, e.xalted above the ultar : it saysj ' this temple was built for n'e.' '??:.-,:. ' Statesmen have no fear of a church or religion which calls itself Pagan, Arian, Greek, Turkish, or Angliean. Catholics fear only tl-eir own church, nnd all separatists are enuallv in fear of it. Wliv so ? Because elsewhere the church and state are one; i. e., the church is submissive to tho state; and this can never he the situation of the Catholic Church. ' Its origin, its laws, its authority, its faith, ?forbid the fact.- To fear and hate the priest and his mission, is to fear and hate the Gospel ; history has wfill proved it. The Catholic church is the superior power which combats man's inferior propensities, and therefore he loves it not. He begins to love it when he shews a submissive spirit. But to believe, it is needful to be courageous at heart. The church is a great school of reverence, it is also a great school of courage.'1 His dogmatical points are equally happy and forceful : . 'Must Catholic faith be accused as exclusive f ?Exclusive unity is the ver)1 character of Truth truth is one because God is one. Still the Ca tholic church condemns resistance to known t.ruth only.' '? How plainly he tells the world the nature of the Society of Jesus : ? '. ' Prudence has its Ibwb, its limits. In tho lives of men thero are '.circumstance's wbero preciso ex planations .become a duty to' be strictly fulfilled. . . .... ;...I am a Jesuit, that is, a member of the Company: j, of. Jesus. This declaration I owo to myself, to, my ministry, to ray: brothers in the prinslhood, .to the youth intrusted to us, to tho faithful -.who honor us with their confidence; I owo it to tho Church of God. ?. ??. . Beforo I beeainOiPi'iesfc and Jesuit, I was n man of my time —a Frenchman ? I am Bo still. In becoming a Religious, I did not intend to nbdicato my country, tior tOjviolato her laws, nor renounce tho rights or dut'es of a' citizen. . . . Hns the charter pro claimed liberty of conscience— yes or no? Is evangelical perfection a right of conscience— yes or 'no? Well, the Religious state is Evan gelical -perfection in practice. I nsk, by what right thon.do you prevent mo from boing a French Benedictino, Dominican, or Jesuit ? I do not de mand publio and recognised existence, nor the smallest portion of tho rovenuo of the stato ; I simply nsk to breathe tho freo air of my country ; I claim the privilege of making vows and of ob serving, in tho community with my brothers, rules approved by the Catholic Church. And in what respect, may I ask, docs my liberty interfere with . yours, or interfere with any one's ? 'What' words coming from our mouths, have compromised pub lic tranquility or respect due to thelawB? And yet from more than two hundred pulpits havo our Words gone forth in tho most populous cities, in the most humblo hamlets. If the Bun shiues for all ?the world, must Justice and common senso extin guish their lights when wo are in question 1 'Our author asks, why have thoso pages so affected us, and why does it appear so snd, that they should have to bo written at all, and why does the. accused appear so immeasurably superior to his accuser? It is because the languago wo havo just heard, ia that of innocence in the face of injustice. innocoiiGO and truth have tho same destiny on tho ? earth — ono meets injustice, tho other calumny. Sisters from tho beginning of tho world, they have ever found fallen man thoir enemy, but neither lias ever been totally crushed. Struck down to-day, . they riso to-morrow, in twenty years, in n hundred years, vviiuc manor tno numucr, moru or less r And this is the socrot of tho indestructible duration -, of tho Sooioty of Jesus. ?,'.'?-. . ' The Jesuits have no peculiar doctrines j but ovory religious body has a spirit peculiar to itself; and the company of Josus forniB no exebption. Its 'proper, spirit is, zeal for tho salvation of souls, do fence of truth, and' the propagation of tho holy -reign of the Gospel. ? . In theology and philosophy it has a decidod tendency to gunrd tho rights of ra tional liberty, nnd reason ; and thorefore it has, over battled against tho doctrines of Luther, of Calvin. *?,.--._ and of. JaiiBunius. ? ?. ' The glory and very ? '??' 'lifo.of theChuroh is its Apostolioity :. tho Jesuits .aro essentially missionaries. Their first mission ar . rested Protestantism in Europe ; , and as Fcnelan said in ono of his finest sermons, ' tho company, ;aidedby tho Portuguese, opened for the ohurch at .its'; uii'tha new road to the Indies.' ' ? ? Tho history of his labours in behalf of freedom in education,' we reserve for another occasion. One or two extracts from his biographer, explanatory of .thfi nlifieis of his exhnrtnlinns. will hnRfr nnnnlndn nnr notice. The following is worth remembering : ' He spoke to these ladies of the employment of their time, of their toilettes, of their expenses, of the mannur of their educating thoir daughters, of : the reading of frivolous or evil books, visits where nothings succeed to nothings in the happy cases of the absence, of back-biting. So pass these days which should be filled with useful employment. A severe account of them will he exacted, for time is given toils to,' obtain merit before God. And the toilettes) with what sadness of heart did the man of . Gou represent'their luxury and their style of dress at evening parties ! With what delicacy of ex ' prtssion ho knew how to speak disagreeable things ! 1 Ladies, how are yon attired? -Shall I tell you? You aid 'attired just like— -Tiuth herself.' He also -'.denounced those, dances which might have suited :.Pugnn times, biit' were unlit for Christian people. ., ' Do you suppose', ladles, when your. 'daughters'; ybbuquets:arc found lnded'at the end of these dances, i .that ilio lilies cf th'eir^BOuls are' not ? equally faded? ; The ' holy n'l lin 'did -hot '? spare thbsu 'in6tlikrs,J.liltlo \ .wntcliful over ihe t'liilh and innocence1 'of 'their '.'daughters', and nitinya queenly' brow' was 'bent to .the earth. Piiswng to oilier subjects he 'pointed out ihe'iibyhs opened under the feet of ; people by lavish expense, lie produced a stiutliiijr effect in Uieir, ijnuls by the mode in which .ho pruposed the simple '.'question,1,' Lailies, do you pay your debts V He ' litid his hand on hidden but smarting sores, and 'lifted veils 'which concealed the causes of shame imd ' ruin. /.:.,. In coiiscqnenco of tho good ini jircsVions inndf, tlievu began lu appear in theevehiug minium the kerchiefs which soon got the name of the Jlavignnns. About two hundred years before, modestv, warned and corrected, had imagined the Iiotirdalaues.' How lovingly, how tenderly, yet with no mawkish sentimentality, did Father Ravignan attend to the spiritual wants of the' novices of the Carmelites in the Hue de Messines. This was even more to his taste than the ' giddy eminence,' the pulpit, from whence he lashed vice, and roused the lukewarm and lethargic to zeal and piety. His treatment and skilled direclinn of timid souls entrusted to him re mind us strongly of the suave, benignant, and ge nerous lovingkindness of the late Right Rev. Dr. Davis. One extract from a letter (addressed to a young Carmelite, who had renounced high station in the world) of Father Ravignan's, will make more than one young -lady penitent of the late Dr. Davis think of the gentle methods of her dear mild father, now no more amongst us : ' Oh ! how I long to revisit our dear Carmel of tho Rue de Messine ! There it pleased God to send me ttue consolation. Courage, my chil:!, for sell-conqnest, prayer, men aoain : may wu mim with one accord to this perfection, which is the only way traced for us by the Divine hand. You com mence your religious life nearly at the same time of year in which, thirty- four years ago, on All Souls' Day, without a word to any one hut the venerable priest my director, I went alone on font, to knock at the door of our noviciate, Montrouge. I was then twenty-seven years old, and now I have arrived at old age. I had lived too eagerly the Ufa of the world :_ I brought away deep wounds which left sharp pains behind them. And now, poor labourer of the eleventh hour, faithless disciple of God who had long since called me, I felt myself thenceforward drawn to the interior life, the principle of such un speakable happiness. And after the promises of these early days what have I done? However, God be blessed that I have still found my self drawn to prayer, to recollection. I have always found in them remedies for my misery, and living grace for my efficient help. You, my child, will do better than your father. You will courageously embrace this life of immolation and prayer. In the perfect renuncialion of yourself, and in an inviolable fidelity to prayer, you will meet wilh strength nnd peace. _: How happy will I be to behold the fruits. Advance then to the cross of your master, like Maiiy, your mother and your queen. Aspire as you can and ought — aspire, 1 say, to that lifo of prayer which your blessed, mother, St. Theresa, has bequeathed to her daughters, as their peculiar inheritance. Let no bitterness, dis tractions, obscurities, or any temptations whatever, stop your progress. God has appointed your place in the way to the garden of delights, where you will indeed have to drink his chalice and bear his cross, but still with unspeakable comfort. Doubtlessly our lot is to die and immolate ourselves— to die to ourselves and to everything which holds us to the earth, in order to enjoy life in a higher sphere. ' This is the proper day to congratulate yuu on the fmits of your retreat, and the holy resolutions with which our Lord has inspired you. IJIess him with your whole heart for the attraction you feel to wards the Divine Infancy. Nothing can he better. You will thero comprehend the simplicity as well .as the' entire generosity of the immolation. . . Holy prayer will bring you through the crucible of Divine Love. All is well when we wish to die, in order to live only by grace, for the glory of God and the salvation of souls. ' Saint John of the Cross, the admirable disciple of your admirable mother, has marked out'the way. It is encumbered with obstacles, the struggle will be long; but what joys are found in the very pains, when God has seized on the heart to attach; it in violably to himself! Your heart, dear.chjld, is given up to your Divine. Master ! (May he ever be blessed-!': ;....i. ?'?-.-?(?...;...: -..;,;, ',?.:...; ?..? ' '? ? - 'Prayer,- my daughter; is: the life of Carmel : it is a world without limit, it: is Heaven upon earth. In spite of repugnances, .spiritual: droughts, and continual dislra.cti.on,' the. heart devoted with con stancy;to .the holy exereise of prayer,. finds therein a a peace, cbthiort surpassing all sensible pleasure. It is the intimate friendly relation with God, with a father always tender,- notwithstanding his apparent rigour and the -rough trials he sends. Embrace prayer, courageously persevere, and your souls shall be. strengthened, elevated, blessed. Can anything be better than to think and to live fju- God alone, and to love him without intemiption ! Ah! this way is rough, beset with briars and thorns: we are sometimes torn, somotimes thrown down, but with courage we rise and proceed. The life of Carmel, life of a victim immolated for the glory of God and the salvation of souIb, is on arduous course , at the end of which are beautiful crowns,; prizes for the victors: we must run and patiently struggle to ob tain them . '?.-.- ' It is necessary to fight valiantly in order to live this life to devoted and vigilant love, which your mother St. Theresa obtained as a, grant for herself and her daughters. The hour of your profession approaches. : Oh! prepare the victim by the desires of your heart evei united to the heart of your loving master.' : . . The last scene remains to be described. It con veys a salutary lesson for us all :? 'Early in December he fell ill. He was able to celebrate Mass on the festival of the Immaculate Conception, hut it was his last on earth. '?They brought him the Haly Communion at five o'clock every morning ; and Mass was celebrated in his chamber by permission of the Archbishop. His left lung only was now remaining, and that much af fected since 1852 ; and in consequence he suffered much in his breathing. He sometimes desired death, at others thought of convalescence, and the labors it wouldrefit him for; but dreaded a recovery unat tended with powers to be useful to. his fellow mortals. Till the 10th .of February, 185S, he was able to rise and sit for a few hours in an easy chaii near the fire. It would require more space than we »nii nfiPnyA tn ivtmttinii +1iq numoi'miD vnlirtu MlttfWf^rP VJdlt UIIUIU| tU IUVI41IU1I I.MV- MUlKWIWVtu *us-wu ?,????» ? - ?— - — sent from Germany, Italy, and England, which, though convinced of his approaching death, he piously wore about his person; the No veil as that were offered up 'for his recovery.;. .the 'crosses, &c;, that were sent to receive his, benediction. His ill ness caused a profound sensation through every part of Christendom, where devotion still retained any influence.. . ' From the 21stof .February an inflamation of the bowclswasadded.to his other sufferings. On the 25th the foreruuners of death were'evideut— the restless and cold hands, feuhle, . short and abrupt bre'atlii.ng, and the cold perspiration 'streaming, down 'the couii. tenance. For the circumstantial diary of tho' lust hours of his well spent life, and his heavenly coin, tunnications with his devoted brothers in the minis try, who read for him, prayed with him, and rendered all the solace in their, power to his bodily sufferings, wo refer to the work. They are more suited to the pages of a book on ascetic devotion than to those of a Boeular journal. Suffice it to say, that the same severity to self, the same ardent love of his Saviour, and the same zeal for his neighbour's salvation, that were so evident during his active career, pre vailed during these trying hours: we supply afew passages from the latest moments of his trials, supplied by Father Pontlevoy.' We cannot close better than in the language of the Irish reviewer : ' Even as conversions from vicious courses are more seldom wrought by severe measures, than by mildness and patience, so as already ohservod, con versions to Catholic faith and practice aro more the result (humanly speaking) of friendly inter-commu, nications with Catholics of devont lives, and the study of devotional books, than of the perusal of controversial woiks or of holding viva-vuee discus sions. AVe therefore welcome the life of this good and great man, as calculated for the spread of piety among Catholics, and the partial removal of the| prejudices ' against. th* society of- Jesus; and-:tlie Church' of' whioh it forms one' of -the -'-strongest; bulwarks. ' Should it be1 said 'that lie .was '? an cxcepiidnj ; we repeat in ?' the l words-, of - ;his ? . bio grapher, that ho was a Jesuit to his ? heart's core; and from ourselves, that his heroic character, -his love of his kind, his severity to himself, his zeal for the salvation of souls, his stainless- life, and aident piety are common to him with thousands and thou sands of his brethren ; and that though many may. lack his human abilities, the1 amount' of good,' ' spiritual and temporal; wrought by their quiet and silent efforts is incalculable, and will nollie knov/ilin its grand proportions till they are called to1 receive ;iheir reward at the last day iirthe presence of the Mingels and of the whole of Adam's race.' .' 