THE CHINESE. ' . To the Editor of the Colonial Mining Journal. Sin. — Perhaps in the whole range of our political economy there are few subjects of more absorbing interest— specially as regards the digging community — as the laws present and prospective' affecting the social status of Chinese immigrants. A considerable auiuuilt Ol liuSlj UIIU 111 XCqIAIIIUII/II r . . ullHw IU time been enacted, with' the view of meeting the peculiar, exi gencies of this very peculiar class. T have reason! to believe that even their staunchest advocates would hesitate before demanding, or even asking for them, the rights and, privileges of British born subjects. Few will deny that they are a most undesirable race, if viewed in the light as being likely to become permanent .colo nists; therefore, every attempt at legislation short of a law .tan-; tamount to their absolute exclusion from entrance to the colony,' will prove only a " snare and a delusion." So insatiable is their thirst for gold; so fiercely eager is their desire to reach the coun try where, by the simplest process of manual labour their foudest wishes can he realized, nil the laws which have yet boen.promul-' gated with the view of stemming the tide of Chinese immigration, have proved singularly abortive, — " the , cry . is still, itliey come not individually, like Banquo's ghost, but in thousands— their; absence being a partial relief to the myriads which-. eyer , crowd: .the land of their birth. . v I am well aware that it is a common and easy practice to con demn existing laws, which, like . the Chinese code, are not only inoperative but evidently unjust. , : ' It is therefore with some diffidence that I venture to suggest a plan which, I think, if honestly carried out, would provo nh effectual bar to the influx of Chinese immigration. It muy be done by a simple extension of the principle which presently ob tains, by allowing only a certain number of passengers in propor tion to the tonnage of the vessel by which they are to sail. Extend the principle of this law, nnd make it imperative upon the cap- ' tains of ships conveying Chinese passengers, .that only one indi vidual, being' a native of - Cliiha, shall bo allowed, to ship as a pas senger for every five hundred tons of the -vessels registered bur then. Consequently a ship of one thousand tons would only bring two Chinese immigrants. In order to prevent as far as possiblo "illegal overland entrance, I would further suggest that tickets of occupancy should issue simultaneously with the passing of such a law to every Chinaman then resident in Victoria, to .be produced at all times when called upon to do so, by .parties legally , autho rised for. that purpose. Every Chinaman failing to produce such ticket should he deemed guilty of felony, and worked upon the roads until such time as his earnings amounted to a sum sufficient to transport him back to his own country. Were these laws strictly adhered to, in the course of a quarter of a century the tens of thousands of this inimical race' wliieli now swarm upon and in fest our gold-fields, would ha reduced to as mauy hundreds. No doubt some wellrfeed lawyers, aided by venial; editors,, will he apt to raise the now . somewhat stale cry of such measures being un- British like — harsh and unjust, &c.; &c.; .. ' - I am well content, to .allow ihe. principles promulgated by such gentry to be graduated by the. generally correct scale of public- opinion. I would ask them by what right they -can justify .the alienation of one .entire; third of the gold-producing lands .of tins colony in favour of a race whose presence amongst. us is ; a .social, a moral, and a political evil of very great magnitude. J would- ask those strenuous advocates of Chinese rights, if , any, one of tliein lias a marriageable daughter ; nnd if., so, is there a China man in the colony that he would select as her husband, even if his tail were coined into golden ingots? No, .gcntlemon; you ay. prostitute your time, your energy, and talents at the shrine, of Chinese lucre, but not onii of you would mate .his child with the scion of a race so immeasurably below her in the scale of civilized life. Except some law is speedily past sufficiently strin- . gei't to strike at the root of the evil, a few years" hence", and tliis fair and prosperous land. will he overrun with myriads of Tartar origin. Will our rulers remain guiltless if they look on supinely arid see this country, which British capital and British enterprise has converted from a savage wilderness to the verge of a great empire, become the prey and the property of the vagrant hordes of this nomadic race. Are we to foster them in robbing our chil dren of their birth-i'ig'ht. ....... Many thousands of our indigent .countrymen in the British isles might hero find comfort and abundance from tlie resources . which the Chinamen arc unremittingly extracting1 from the soil. Injustice to them, let exclusive laws be adopted at once,- 'and we will justly merit tlieir thanks;' and ' our; children's 'children, for generations to come, will bless us for the boon" of .'a' free country, untrammelled by the presence of a rrice so vastly inferior in every thing which marks a nearer approach' of man to- his Maker." . A VOICE FROM THE ' BUCKLAND. ' Tiie following has been forwarded by Mr. Scene, tho-Goyerni ment Surveyor of Collieries at New South Wales, ; and !ivill 'be found of value to some of the mining machinists COAL MINES— EMPLOYMENT OF DIVERS TO REPAIR ; . PUMPING MACHINERY. , . - A-! Thoifollowing communication and enclosure, i with which. we have-been favoured: by Mr. Keene;:Governvnent Exnminer.of Coal . Fields, will he found of much interest.-in, your districts,- so.-atudde'd with gold fields -and mines. : The application of diving apparatus to mining! purposes is ! believed to: be the - first example, of the kind. . ; /A : 5 i ( To the. Editor of the Colonial Mining- Journal,' Melbourne). : Tomago Colliery, Newcastle, N.S.W., ' ' ,9th June, 1859. : " Sir — On account' of tho interest which attnclies to the annexed: communication from the proprietor 'of. the Tomago Colliery," I at once forward it to you for publication. ' ."'Immediately on receipt of the'.lctter, Lcarhe here and exam ined the work; mid the circumstances under which it was effected nre substantially -related bylGapt. Williamson.- That you -may -he more completely informed, and understand -the 'difficulties overcome, I will add that when thediver discovered that the'hon- net or | door-plate of- the bucket' valve was fractured, he had- to remove it by unscrewing the many bolts by winch it was hekT'iri place-r-nnd this done,- the broken door came away in three pieces, broken as it wore in a! star, 'from'- undue- pressure on the centre. But when the door yielded under tlie pressure, it tore away a por tion of the flange of the valve-box, and thus there was, not only a' whole piece to ho replaced, hut a broken piece to be repaired. He applied, the new cover (a plate 20 inches', square) of a weight which',' 'exercising my full strength, I can. scarcely lift from the ground, ' badced up the broken fiange ' wi th the piece of iron forged for the purpose; rind taking ,caro that the packing, on which the .solidity of the joint depended, should' not he disturbed or displaced in the difficult' operation of getting, the many holts through the holes of the flange, and the cover or bonnet; prepar atory to screwing it up, succeeded in making a perfectly sound joint. ;Thus, in the course of, "four hours'. of patient labour,' an operation wliieli would be performed with difficulty, single-handed, , in broad; daylight, on the floor of a roomy workshop, was well done, in a cramped position, stnnding'on the round of a ladder, in utter' 'ddrkriess, .encumbered with all the apparatus of a diver, rind nearly . fifty feet of water, overhead., "Neither iri niy experience nor in my reading do I know of X-1% a i\«%1 Ant. f tL /. J!..!v« — 1. — 11 li« a u n ...I - 1- UIIU tljJJJllUMUlUU Ui ;WU3 UlVlU-UUll IU 1/llU I WJJllir Ul CUlllpib ma> cliinery.;' aiul it has required the present combination of circum- stances— a colliery owner .experienced in marine operations, pos sessing a diving apparatus with a diver at command— to originate the idca, and pjil it at once into such successful, practice that it may he confidently resorted to jn like cases. In the present in stance its application has saved a large amount of time and money. . . " Macnab, the diver,, is not only a brave, but a clever man in the. calling lie lias . adopted. He is clear-lieaded, and what ho lias, done shows that -lie is clever-handed. It -is satisfactory to know that iri like emergencie3.8iich efficient help is at hand. . " I have the honour -to he. Ami.- . s : . T . : ' "W. KEENE." . " Wrillsend Colliery, Tomago, 8th June, 1859. " William Keenfe/Esq., Inspector of Collieries. " My- dear Sir — If I had liad an opportunity of detaining you wlien- you passed up in the steamer in the beginning of the week, I would gladly have done so, as I was about to iritrpduce; for coal- mining purposes, a branch of science5 which, with all your experience, I felt convinced you had' never witnessed, but which, I believed, you would' view with- great' interest; and as it has proved so completely successful, I send you now a few particu lars for' your guidance,1 for those who may. in future require such assistance. " " ' . , "I informed you, about a fortnight ago, at Raymond Terrace, that' my new engine mid pumps were in full working order, ; and 'that I hoped to get rid of the water that had .accumulated, for the previous seven or eight weeks. in a few days. Well, every thing appeared to go right, and the water was. reduced from be ing 250 feet to 50 fectcleep ; and I returned toj Sydney, but 'to my dismay, I received a letter the very next morning from Mr. Young, stating that shortly alter my leaving trie lower pump lost her water, and that lie was busy fitting casks to draw the water. Next day and' the following lie reported being able to make no impression on the water ; and I resolved, as a dosperate resource, to endeavour to make available the services of the divers employed by my firm in Sydney. . ... . "For this purpose, after arriving here with the men and requi site apparatus, a stage was erected in tho fore pit about 12 feet above the water (which had by this time risen .to 60 feet), and two ladders spliced together placed perpendicular in a.lirie with the brattice, with fourj large lamps tuirning.at the surface of the water; and the diver safely descended, and found, the bucket door broken. -He tlien descended to the clack door, 58 feet be low tlie surface of the water, and carefully examined it by feeling, and found it in good order. He then examined the bucket valves, and detached and sent up the broken door, and returned to the surface and made his repor.b, " A new bucket door was then sent down, properly, fitted with a leather gasket, .and he again descended, and at the depth of 48 feet placed, it 'in its position, and in four hours lie hud finished screwing it up and fitting it perfectly tight. " The time employed altogether in this most difficult under taking occupied twelve hours ; and the lamps being found of .ho service toj the diver at a greater depth , than 9 feet; the entire" . ;xvorlc had to;be dono in totardarlnie'Ss; '.and I think you will agree with mejthat, considering' he had 'never iri his life before - 5 been in a coaLpit, he is a brave fellow to undertake the job, and' la' sriiart.'fellpw to do it. ' < ' ; . ," I have only to ndd that the pumps are now working beauti-'; fully, and tlie water is now down.to the old'seam, .'arid'" will 'soon - bo entirely cleared, j ' " I am. nw dear sir. vours sincorelv. ' \- ' "JAS. WILLIAMSON." . " P.S.— I ought to mention tlie.name of .the 'diver alluded to; is Thomas Macriabj who lias acquired the art entirely' in this' colony. V "J.W." 