SOUTH AUSTRALIA. By the "Admella" we have. Adelaide papers to the 31st ult. . Our readers have already learned through our telegrams, that the Ma}ror of Adelaide, Mr, Sabben, had been charged at the Police Court of that city with forgery. The following1 re port from the Register of the 31st ult. gives some of the particulars of the charge :— ; ° '■ '• i, , CHARGE OF FORGERY AGAINST' TUB ■ MAYOR OF ADELAIDE. -- William Thompson Sabben, solicitor,, was brought up^ on the remanded charge of forging ' and littering- a certain bill of exchange, with intent, &c.; • Mr. Fenn for the prosecution; Mr. Irigleby for the prisoner. ;vMr. l?enn : called William Clark, of Angaston, avIio stated that lie - was agent for Mr. Gr. 1<\ Angas, and knew a person named Thomas Brandon. Remembered an application by :Brandon for a loan to Mr. Angas. Mr. Brandon deposited: with: witness a land grant "of section Oil, hundred of Moorooroo. Witness handed the land grant over, to the prisoner, then (January 1858) Mr.: Angas's solicitor. Mr. Brandon, when lie handed over the land grant to wit ness (October 1857), lived in the .dis trict of Angaston. He went afterwards to Mount Remarkable with sheep for Mr. John Angas, in whose employ lie still was. Mr. Brandon had not resided in Angaston since November, 1857. He knew Mr. Branlion's handwriting. The signature to the letter 'produced was in his handwriting. The signa ture accepting the bill of exchange was not in Mr. Brandon's writing. Had known Mr. Brandon for nine years, and could be certain as to his handwriting. The loan spoken of from Mr. Angas to Mr. Brandon was never carried out. Witness, handed -ilia Jand- gnru1rttrthe~ prisoner. Never got it back, but could not state that he had ever applied for it. Believed that Mr. Brandon was now at Mount Remarkable. He (wit ness) had received no communication from him wi til rfiKnP.fit. i n t.l) pi nn rl [frant He.had received a letter tliat had been addressed to Mr; Brandon. lb was fi'om Fenn and Wearing-, and had b'e'e'fi handed to him (witness) by Mr. John Angas. Mr. Ingleby submitted that the letter could not be evidence against Mr. Sabben. T!ie police magistrate de cided that the letter could not be put w. Witness continued : lie had been living' near Angaston for about ten years'. Never ktidiV siiij* other person of tlie fitfnje .o'f Brandon, that lie' tifas aware of, at Angaston; lie knew most of the landholders and residents at Angaston. By Mr. Ingleby: Mr. Brandon wished to borrow about £200 from Mr. Angas on the land grant of section 511 . and another hind grant. Wiihe'sS d,o'iild not tell tlie comparative value of tHe idnd grants. Mr. iJrq.ndon was aware that the land grant had bden sent to the prisoner. The amount of the proposed loan was known to Mr. G. F. Angas, and also to Mr. J. Angas. Did nc?t think .that Mr. Brandon's de sire to effect the loan was known out of his (witness's) office. His clerk, Mr. Yardin, would know it. The signatures to the letter and to the bill of exchange had no similarity. By his Worship the Police Magistrate : Had never told the prisoner that there was another Thomas Brandon, not him of Mount Remarka ble. The Police Magistrate said the land gi'arjt should be produced. Mr. Fenn said lie would send for it.- He called John Lazar, the prosecutor, "who stated that he had shown the prisoner in the city council chamber, a letter from Mr. Brandon. Mr. W. A. Hughes and Mr. Moore were present. In that letter Mr. Brandon stated that the signature ! purporting to be his on the bill of ex change was a forgery. Alter that, -wit-1 ness applied to the prisoner for payment. He said, " It was very strange, there j must be another Brandon," or words to that effect.- Witness said, "Of course there must, for I have a land grant as well as a deposit deed." Had received I another letter from Mr. Brandon, be sides the one in court. He'took that letter to the office of Feen and Wearing. On being told by the prisoner that there was -another Thomas Brandon,, lie felt it to be his duty to -write and apologise to Mr. Brandon to whom he had ad dressed his' first letter. His Worship said he would like' to see the land grant. Mr. ] [''enn would undertake to produce it in half an hour. His Worship—I shall adjourn for half an hour. Mr. Fenn, on the re-assembling' of the court, recalled Mr. Clark, Avho identified a land grant produced as being the one he had deposited with the prisoner. It corresponded with • the receipts which he recoived from the prisoner, and now handed it in. The receipt was as fol lows :—• " Adelaide, January 7th, 1858. " Received from Mr. W. Clark a land grant of Section-Slljhundred of Mooroo roo, for the purpose of preparing mort gage,-Brandon to G. F. Angas, Esq. . . " W. T. Sabben." Witness continued—He knew the hand- writing of the prisoner, and. the receipt was in his hand writing. 'His Worship directed that the land grant and the receipt should . be retained in possession; ■ of the court. Mr. Fenn, applied as before, for a remand until that day week. Remanded;until Thursday next. With reference to the case the fol lowing appears in the Register :— The Charge of Forgery against the Mayor op Adelaide. — So great was the interest felt with'regard to the inquiry into this charge, that a great crowd of. persons beset the doors, -of the police court on Thursday morn ing; before the usual hour' for com mencing the public business. As soon as the doors were thrown' open .the people rushed in, and every' avail able inch of space, in the outer court was densely packed throughout the proceedings. ■.•; On the bench there was a goodly array of justices, and the. seats behind and the space around the magisterial chairs were occupied by a number of respectable citizens, among whom were several members of the City Council, who watched with great interest the progress of the very serious case against that member of their body whom they had recently elected tlieirpre sident. Iu the course of the proceed ings allusion was made to the following; letters, which, although connected, with the case, were not admitted as evi dence. "221 Rundle-street, 1 i3 th N ovember, 1858. " Sir—Your acceptance to me, bear ing date 12th. August, .for £G0, was presented 3'esterday for ' payment' at the .Bank of South Australia, and ■refused."! will thank you to,retire "the same in ? th e course of the:' present week. ; | " I am, Sir, etc., ; "John Lazar. "Mr Thomas Brandon. " ■ ' "221 Rundle-street-. " Sir,—I am surprised at i-eceiving no answer to my letter of the 10th in stant, respecting your acceptance to me for £60; due on the loth, and which still remains unpaid. I must request your immediate atten tiori to 'the same. ' ' " I am, Sir, etc., • " ' - "John Lazar. "Mr.Thomas7 Brandon" ' - " City - Council Chamber," December, 3rd, 1858. . .".Dear Sir,—I amdn receipt of your letter dated the 29th ultimo, in which you say no such acceptance of £60.has been given by you, and that the same lias, been a forgery. I ; apprehend that it must be another 'Thomas Brandon,' tor I hold a land-grant and deposit deed as security for the payment of the above sum, the whole having been passed to me by Mr. W. T. Sabbar, solicitor, of this city. Ihave compared the signatures of your letter wi( h those iipon the bill and the deposit-deed, and find them to be quite at variance. The acceptance and the document are all letters were directed. I am sorry—(if there is an error)—that you should have been put to any inconvenience, and remain, "Dear Sir, yours etc., "JoilK I^AZAR. u nr.. mi > " Mount Remarkable, 11th December 1858. " Dear Sir,— I hope yott will excuse me for troubling-' jo\i with this, but ifcis my anxiety on the subject that makes me write to you to say that I should not have taken the liberty to open that letter (it. being1 addressed Ang-aston, and my^lMrig afr Mount .Remarkable), enly that I have been a' resident at Angaston. for foe rteen years, and tirti f therefore known as Thomas Brandon of Ang-astOri, and I also know that there' is not other 'l/fariddn in Angaston or vicinity, and coriscquciifcly 1 am afraid you have beeri iiiiposed;upon, but by whom I cannot say. I have two sections of land near Angaston, ; one iitiifibered fill, another 510, hun i (Ired of Mdorooroo. The deed of No. J 516 is iii the; hands of Giles and Smith, and that Oi No. .5011 left with J. Jl. An gas, Esq., as I thought it would be safer in his hands. Would you ex amine whether your deed is either,of the numbers ? If not, of course I have' nothing-more tc? da in it. I am sorry that the correspondence betweSn„,us i should have gone on to such _a length,' as your various duties must'leave-?-you I little time for such."" Iloping'yoii will | excuse my liberty, I remain/'Sir, yoiirs obediently. u TrioTlIXs"BiidNUoiT.: «J. Lazavj E«q., Adelaide." Tfie pfh'lifoient was prorogue^ ,oa-. the 24th. It wrts* urfde'Fstoo'ej that .the. committeo appointed to inqiiife'intotha management of the Northern Explcfrat tion Expedition had brought up their reporty bitt no reference was made to the subjecL Mr.- Babbage had ad dressed the following" idtrCe'i'tcf the S, A. Register :—■ Sir,—The fact that I have been- re- ( called and superseded by the - govern-. meat in the command of the Northern, Exploration Expedition cannot but be fresh in th<i rilemdry of diir fe'ridei'S;; I stand there/ore piibliciiy before, mv feljow colonists a disgraced arid cteg'r'aid oc^man : ; for surely^nothing but^gross incompetency or misconduct upon my part could possibly justify the, gqvera ment in recalling me and superseding an old public "servant iVitho'ut .even' deigning to assign. the slightest reason for so doing, i-■ No content, however, ,wi:-li disgracing, inc. as far as the action I of government can do, my conduct is { assailed by a goverrimeM" official with ■; the epithets of" ignorance, indifference and rashness.'' Inese offensive epithets i are formally repeated again and again, with the addition of insanity, both in official despatches and before a . com mittee of the House: of Assembly. The Commissioner ^Crojvii Lands lays the despatclles stagmatising my conduct in j these unusual terms before the .House ' of Parliament, without one ; word to intimate that the government .dissent from their contents. ' Nor is'this con-' sidered sufficient; in a following • letter the same officer charges me -directly with uutruth. : Again, the Com missioner makes the charge, public without one word of comment. From this proceeding of government I have appealed to • the House of Assembly, and not in vain. A com mittee was appointed/ a great amount of evidence taken, and a report drawn up. What lias been the consequence ? The report of the committee is stated to have condemned the government, but the report itself has been shelved, and the evidence suppressed by means over which.the. House of Assembly had no control. Am I therefore to remain under the ban of the government censure for the next six months, my . character assailed, my prospects bligli fe ed, and myself held up in government despatches ;; to public ; ridicule ?■ ' No, sir. Prom the government—or, I ought more properly " to say, from the ! Commissioner of Crown Lands—I ap peal to my fellow- colonists for / that: justice which has been denied me ; and ,to give effect to that appeal I shall lay my whole case before them. I shall show that the commissioner sent me forth to explore a country- which he firmly believed to be a desertthat lie directed me first to survey and map tlie country between Lakes .Torrens and . Gardiner ; that after I had, with much labour and not a little risk, accom plished the latter duty, and; foiind ..no country there available for pastoral pui-poses, he turned round upon me and accused me of misunderstanding his in structions. -• ... I shall next show that at a time when the public complained of the slowness of my progress .the com missioner wrote to me privately, saying that the government fully appreciated 'ny labours (but that he had not the manliness to acknowledge in a public despatch); that the commissioner shortly after publicly censured me the most'formal manner fthat lie foit55tl out subsequently that lie'had made . a mistake in an important point 3 ' that he wrote: to me.to..cancel this portion of his. despatch, but that, by pushing it as subsequently amended, and not as I received it, he - concealed - his own mistake from the public ; that the com missioner's charges against me, when examined into, reduce themselves to my having, according- to his account, lost two weeks out of the six months I had been out with the expedition j and lastly, that the commissioner 1i1a.de use of extracts from private letters: when they told against me, but that, when I proposed to avail myself of the ' same means to answer his unjust charges, lie most strenuously opposed it,1 until; shamed into acquiescence by my persistence.—I am, Sir. etc., : . 13\. Herschei. Baijbage. A Yankee Colonel in /Court.—' Colonel Ransom was a man- of hHi spirits, and was an uncompromising patriot. We are indebted to his ' son Samuel for the following-, anecdote, illustrative of the permanencp.- A strength of x^nary soldier^ Whila of<£; old taverns m WiUcesWre, when r,uv advanced m wars, he awiS young mail speak ve::y of General Washington i -i . 0 J&G;'genevt-t he aw) was not a ™,t great soldier, but had taken_^iWn-iL ■ ; "i-j PAi.'iOYl L' himself off in the world as such. This was more tlia.il the old soldier could well bear, and he lifted his cane and felled .the impudent young sprig to the floor. The whipped puppy persecuted the colonel for assault and battery Whai the case came on, Colonel Ran so:n appeared in court without an advocate, and sinijAy pleaded guilty, and Hung- himself on the mercy of tlv' court. The Hon. David Scott was presid ing judge : his associates were the Venerable Hatt-hias Hollenback ami Jesse Fell. Judge Scott remarked, u This is a. case which I choose to leave to my associates, as they are old gofldiers> and can fully appreciate the circum stances of the case," and then left his seat. Judge Hollenback asked Colonel Ransom where he Was at such a date. The answer was: "In my father's company, in Washington's ■ amy. ^ " And where on the 3rd of July, 17^8 . -Answer, "With Captain Spaulding* on my way to Wyoming." " And where the following" summer ?" Answer, \- With General Sullivan, in the Lake Country, flogging the Indians/' And •where the next foil and winter : A prisoner, on the SC. Laurencd." " Ah I" said the judge, all that is true enough, Colonel Ransom. And did vou knock the fellow down, 'Colonel ?" " I did so, and would do it again under like provocation, was the answer; What was the provoca tion asked the judge. " The rascal abused the name of' General "W ashmg ton," was the answer. The judge coolly said, "Colonel Ransom, the ! indwnieilt of the court is that you pfvy 'a fine df. one cent., and the prosecutor pay the costs." A roar of applause succeeded, during which the prosecutor-... ~ fled from the court-house m great con , sternation, and immediately left _ the plate" farp&rtstinknown;— Wyoming, by Dr. George Feck, A Thieves' Itefl In «he Native City' of Calcutta.—Wfl extract the following from a letter of a correspondent to the 1 'ivies '" We had penetrated : a Jono- way deep into the entrails or the" native* city When my companion seemed to recognise sSdfKS object ot which he had been in quest. It was a two-stoned house, dominating all its' neighbour, and ^extending far away kK!Kwai-ctS, covering much ground. He lit a 'W lantern, gave his horse to a chowkedar whom he'liSd hailed some minutes^ be fore, arid motioned me to follow. Taere was a hole about two fedt square in the closed door of this house, or yatlie^ this great shell of brickwork,—a ho.tf concealed by a rag%hicli hung over it, Through" tliis hole We crept, and found ourselves:in airodni filled with a. suffo cating vapour. A man and abf>y were asleep on a trestle, so fast asleep tlia^ although we flashed the lantern o'v their faces, they did not wake. Through 'this room We passed into a ruinous yard,—weeds and brickwork a fid broken .masonry. Our dark lantern showed Vis a stairease, ahd"we asceivlec! to a g-allery which "ran round theyarc., but had no projecting; rail to prevent our falling down into it. As we groped along this dangerous platform I yen turned to ask what this place was and what object we had in coming tliGSw:. The answer was that it was suspecfecl that a murderer was concealed in the immediate neighbourhood, and tte purpose of that night's expedition' was to get some idea of his whereabouts. All along this gallery were doors lead ing into rooms "which we could hear were not - untenanted, for we ha^i evidently disturbed the inmates. We stopped before one of these and knocked. There was an answer, and after some womankind had been sent into aninne* room we were admitted. Such a shaggy, clotted, fierce-looking wild man as the lord of this habitation does not appear in. any of Dr. Diamond's photographs of furious madmen. What was said I do not know, but he prosi rated himself - like a rebuked evii spirit before the command of my companion, and, setting out as a guide, led us ■ through rooms and,; alleys and yards, and over drains and ditches' and broken" walls, iintil I was fairly bewildered. Arrived at our destination,, our guide knocked up another honest man, aboilt as prepos sessing* as Himself; and tliis man had iiome Trends. A very animated debate ensued, and I needed no ghost to tell me that we two Englishmen, without •.. any other weapon than the little rattan stick Avith which.I picked my way, and without any assistance within liope of call, were surrounded by half a dozen of the most desperate ruffians in Cal cutta. Yet the Englishman commanded and the Hindoo cringed, They were told that this man must give up, or .. What, the alternative was did: not transpire, but it was terrible enough to make them undertake to lure the man back from the Mofussil, and deliver him up'to justice. The wretch ■ was guilty, of, a cowardly series of murders upon native women, whom he killed with a short iron bar, and despoiled of their silver anklets and ■ armlets, j Even these ruffians seemed ashamed" of him,- and they will keep . their engagement; but I mention this anecdote only to show that the English prestige is not lost and powerless in the thieves' den of Calcutta." RAiNFALL.-The Government Gazette of Friday contains the summary of mete orological observations made through out victoria during the quarter ended •80th,-September last. As the quantity of rain is the most interesting feature in. the. records of the weather, we have compiled . the following* table for more eas^rSrbrenco than the ponderous mass . jqffigures; Gaze tte affords: STAxioiia. Jor.Y Auo. Sept. Totals Melbourne .. 2* 0 •• I'03 .. 2'4l .. 6 51 , Geolang 1" ; ..' 2'10 '.. _'1'56 '.. 2*56 .. 15/>1 Keathcoto .. 1 '77- .. 2\r>7 . 2-06 . 6.30 Sandhurst ., 2*37 .. 2 30 .. 1.48 .. 8-65 . : tiaechwarfch.. 4*00 ^;Y 6.\l *3ilS ...12 29 . ..P.jrfc'and *~5*42... 3-90 ... 3-58- ..I2 9t) ; Ballurafc. .. 23G .. >32". . . 3*27. .. 7 95 Caatlenaaiae - • 2-li3 i;. :l'6r .. ;1*71 .. 35 ^ -SgfteS''4 «■ *3' evt^>'ntynJyerr. -80 ' j-on h. Kooyoora ... 2 23 b " Echiica j' wortv tuf't?' 1'"-ins """Sb* 