MELBOURNE ME.VIS. - i The Hanoverian barque Olympic, arrived on Saturday, bringing 250 German masons under contract to the firm of Cornidi and Bruce. The vessel was moored off Gellibrand's Point, and parsons were immediately, placed on board, by order of Mr, Bruce, to ex plain to the immigrants the position of a airs, and to prevent parties in the in terest of the combrned unions from conveying only one side of the present condition of the labdiir taarket. The 0 rvices of the Water Polioe were called into requisition yesterday morn ing, to remove some people from the vessel, and an officer went on board, but no bi-aich Of the peace having oc curred, he merely advued them to b'avtf the ship, as they hnd not permission frbm the mastet to come on board, which advice was acted npo;u Id »i-short - time the Museum of Bu Idi-g Materids, ;>t tho intersection Ot Queen and jbonsrlale streets will be outwardly completed; Although the I structure is by no means an attractive I style, except a? regards its extreme pe j culiarity of design, it at present is a ; subject of great interest^ inasmuch^ as it displays mosf prominen ly thfc various resources of ihe colony at the disposal of the architect and builder. Marble, both colonial and It-lian— 're; stone from Portland, Bacchus Marsh, and numerous other places— and v-trioiis descriptions of b»ssalt have all b en called into requisition while bricks m./nuf»otared by the tflavs pe cnliai to different district* will have their durability mors thoroughly ^esteo. Lately tickets indicating the nature ot -md the locally in which it is found have been attached to eadh stone ; and as a museum^ thre9 is no d nbt that tile buildiDg in question will be ;ound BJest useful, although no benefit will be derived from it for many years — at lea«c it is to be hop -d that the ma* terials used will not show any signs of decay till after the lapse of several years. Two men, named Beasley arid Reed, have been committed for trial by tfie Tamngo *er Bench of Magistrates, on the charge of forging and uttering n; tes purporting- to have been issued bv the English, Scottish, and Australian Char tered Bank* Three notorious character?, named William Drinkwaier, Alexander Han ley and Abraham Ross, were committed tor trial yesterday $ on <• charge of hav ing committed a robb fy with violence on one Francis Hubert. The case di closes another phase of social liie in Litte Hourkesrre-t, and points to tho necessity of something br-ing done w.th he public houses in that local ty, as well as the duty of the po'ice to purge it of the n st of thieves and aban doned characters with which it is in frsted. There are now 215 male and three female prisone s iu the Melbourne Jail ~oi these twen y six males are await ing trial; six are to ba forwarded to the other colonies, and two are under sentence of desth* There are twelve males on the road £**ng ; 101 males and one female at labour ; fifty six males and oue female sentenced to im prisonmeDtj and tweive maies and one female imprisoned for debt. Fify five prisoners were received duiing last week, and fifty nine diacharged; A Visit To the Great Geysih itf JdELAND.—^Strokr,- or the churn, you must know, 15 an unfortuuate Geysii1, with so little control over temper and his stomach, that you can get a rise o! him whenever you like. All that it is necessary is to collect a quantity of so^s and throw them down his funnel1-- -Aa he has no basin to protect him from from these liberties, you can approach to the very edge of the pipe, a.»out five' feet in diameter, and look down at the boiling- water, which ts perpetually seething" at the bottom. In a few minutes the dose of turf you have just administered b gins to disagree with him ; he works himself Up into on awful passion •, tormented by the qualms of incipient sickn ss,- he groans and hisses^ and boils up, and spits at you with malicious vehemence,- unril at last, with a io^r of mingle''pain and rago, he throws up in into the srir a column of w:ater forty feeG high, which carries with it all the sods that have be n digested at your feet. So irritated has ths poor thing's stomach become by the diseip ine it has undergone, tnat «ren long after all loi-eign matter has r>een thrown ofi, it goes on retching and ^purging until at last tiature is ex hausted,- when, sobbing- and sighing to itstil', it sinks' "Kck ;nto the bottom of its den. -'Lord Dufferin's Voyage to Iceland.' j The people of the Abbey Valley have a Wild belief which has prevailed Sirica the Thirty Years war. From tire e to time at midnight, as tLe people think, ghosts make their appearance on the banks of the river. These phantoms are mounted on horseback, clothed in a blue uniform faced with red, and tra verse the country between the different villages, not only causing the greatest alarm to those who may bo cut at' that time, bat sometimes Wounding1 them with their sword-. The peasantry say these apparitions are thef spectres ot I Swedish cavalieys yyho have Jemained in the country since the war. AFFHAtr Betwjbkh CaiNggS ahd ; EsglIsH Miner?.-—dn Gold n Poiui j there are two dam*, oae belonging to j the Europeans the other to the Chinese, both d riving their supply of wnter I from tho same qu-.rier, Lat evening | (Friday) two of the former, named re | specuvdy Smith a -d Madden, were in tbe act of clearing the w*y f >r thfc water j t - reach their dam, when they were at tacked in iho most savage manner by 14 Chinese, armed with picks, shovels, &c.; One of the men was- knocked d wn by a blow on th= bead from a shovel,, and-- his dastardlyassail i-rsts '•'Were about to S.auh -their job, jprobably by murder, when the fafsiifal dog of the stunned and fallen" man flew at tbd nearest of Kb master's ebeinies, arvcl (as'enet! on him Vith'siiift' ferocitj that he was forcefl to yell for 'Ins., mates to come to hia assistance. This tbey did leaving their intended victims, and be« fore returning to them, assistance, in tha ehape of the police, arrived j and nina of the rascally Chinese were soon hand, cuffad, and marched to the watchhousei —' Baliarat Time*.' Th£ GbKMAK MA"?ON8i— About 30 of these hewly impoted mesons are at \?ork oa the railway - between Uastlemaine and Harcourt^ at a large granie cu'lvett, about one mile from the latter plac \ About tout or five might be termed average amors , but the others at present appear much in. ferior to the English mason. T^e strike amongst the English nmon? 8t\ll continues, to the great detriment of thia district —' Castlcmaine Advertiser/ Mh. Spdkgkon's Nbw Tab'ernaclb. The ceremony of laying the fnundi.iori 'sfr.ne ot the tabernacle to Ue erected for the us3 of the Rev. Mr4 Spurgeoa and his followers, on the ground adjoining the Horse Bepository, near the Elephant and Castle, took plucs on August 16th, Around the spot numerous seats, thit had been erected for the'occasion were crowded with vi-iitOTs, and large num. bers clustered roiind the outer circle of the hoarding, eiger to obfain a glimpse of what was posing within. At 2 o'clock, the appointed hour for tho commencement of the ceremony, Sir Peto, bart., M.P., and the Bev. Mr Spnr»eon, accompanied by the elders^ deacons, and othsr officials, walked oa to the temporary stag?, and were re ceived with cheers^ clappirlg of hands^ aad waving of handkerchiefs. As'aoon as tiltmcfe was restored the Rev. Mr. Spurgeoa stepped forwaid, and called ' upon th" vast as-erilblsgfl to sing the 100th Psalm, o! semngj "I hope you will si«g wi h ^11 yotfr might, flo that we may r^ise a glorious shout,'' ind which was fully rfesponded to by the vast assemblage. The hymn was fol lowed oy a prayer, and'hat bv a fitate* rrientj read by Ore of the' desojas, de tailing the history of the chtlrch in con npction with Mr. Spurgeon< * A bottle in which had been pilt a B ble^ a copy Of the Baptists' Ca'echism, Dr. RiponV Hymn book, and the programme of the day's proceedings, wa» then placed by Mrx Spu^gson in the cavity that had been prepared for it in the stone, amidst repeated cheers, continuous clapping of hands and waving nf handkerchief^ which continued till long after Sir M. Petohad duly laid and adjusted the stone. Alter the Divine blessing lad been invoked upon the new tabernacle, gad upon the work of thosj who might be called to labour within it, the corn* pany were inv ted to deposit upon thi stone their contributions towards defrays ingthe cost of the erection—an imita tion which "was liberally responded t A friend at Bristol, through Mr. E. T. i Inskip, placed on the stone a cheque | for £3,000. Mr. Inskip, whi'e placing 'his generous contribu i >n on the stone, atated that if-40 gentlemen cnald bs found to give £50 each, or £20 to gvva £100 each, hi* friend would undertake to double the total amount. Several gentlemen immediately accepted thi» challenge, amid much cheering, Mr Spnrgeon himself laid down £100, Mri Passmmors £50, Morgan £50, and Mr. Jemes Low £145. In addition to these there were many sums of £5, £10; £20,-and £25, the total amount being between £4?000 and £5,000. Variau* addr^ste* wr-re subsequently de« iivered appropriate to the circuinstances of the day—the Lord Mayor, Sir M. Ptto, and Spurgeon, being amongst the spsakers. In theavening there was a tea meeting, and afterwardf public service> and further addreaiea in the repository, or bsiaar, which was fitted up as a saloon, and where, by tha aid of the Crystal Palace conceit chain h'red for the occaiion,- Ritt'rtga *rer« provided for between 2,000 and 3,000 j)£rs ns- A secofld collec ion was made at this service^ which likewise produced a considerable sum in aid of the*buil iag fund. Amongst the con* triHuti >ns w*s £100 from Sir Peto« —London Paper. The Sunksn Flbrt at Sbbabtopw Th? arr.vil of the barque Gui^acba (MrR. Hamrodnd, agent) inthiaport' enab'es u# to confirm the ststetnen^ which W8 published a few weeks ago respecting rhe forlorn appenfanca of tha fort ess - city of Sebastopnl. The Guisachan left S bastopol on the SOthof May, after t king in 3 part cargo of guni and bones, and arrived at Balaclava the foil jwing day. Here she completed her cirgi, consisting of 400 tons ot cannon 250 tons of bones, und finally left for England on the 23rd ot June. No effoita are being made to restore Sebastopolp «nd the houses, excepting such as are occupied by the various Government funct'onarieB—who ae the chief, if not a >le re#id j-t ite they were hfc in by a victorious for« Of leg tima e trade there is absolutely nont-j and when the shipment oi gona at>d bones sha l h ve cea-ed, and the sunken flset of Russia, by American ingenuity and enterprise, shall have been i rescued from oblivion, n't?r inanition appears ;o be the fa?e of this memorial despotism. Operations connected W;th the sunken fleet are proceeding rapidly and auccesstuliy. Before the Guisachan left only s ^me 23 vessels l'etnained to be raised j while the time of the contract it Was understood, does not expire until May cf next year .--Hull Advertise?' Declinb op Agriculture Ambrxca,—-The New York Journal of Commerce says it is an ascertained Lai, *hat Hgdculture in the United States has been on the retrograde for some years past, and that the propor tion of the malo population engaged io such pursuits is diminishing. A man named George Cox, of SteepI# Ash tod, Wilts, had a quBrrel with bis sister. Hannah C x, a few days ago, respecting £ watch, belonging to their brother r#w in Aastrali?. la his pas sion the brute struck his sister several times violently on the head, from ih„ effects of which she has since died. Be has ■ been eomuntted on a charge oj manslaughter, ■ 