ft ' ffjl i'f':' jiip, 1140 tons, J-|i Jtin. 2. . f|i! .p| 1019 tons, J. O. Given \£-, :20. ";44 cabin and stccrnge projected departures. .gland aud the East. — Salsette, R.M, s s., -iiVbruary. |;For London. — Resolute, Feb. 1.5 ; Sussex, 12th Feb.; Alonarch, 24th Feb.; Owen Glcndower, March 7 j Prince Albert, Chile, early ; Essex, Alarcli 8. For Liverpool — Ellen Stuart, 15th Feb.; An- hte-Wilson, J6 h Feb.; John and Lucy, Great Britain, 1st Alarch. Kingston Corn Market. — The first market was held on Wednesday, 9th instant. Thero was a large attendance of buyers, and a good many sellers. Samples were freely offered, which we remarked were very excellent in quality. A few parcels changed hand ; much more would have bean disposed of, but holders of corn held back for price, and many were not quite prepared, as little was being threshed. The noxt market is lo be held cn the 23rd instant, and every alternate Wednesday, when it is expected a good deal of porn will change hi nds. The potatoe crop hero is, very good, both in quautily and quality. — Kingston Market Committee, Spring Hill. Cattle AIarket. — Messrs Richards and Carey report having sold at the Loddon Cattle Yards, about 50 bead this week. Bullocks, from £8 10s to £9 Os ; Cows, from £6 10s to £6 15s. The Retail- AIarket. — Tbe show of fruit on Saturday was very good, but the weather having become cool, and rather a chilly blast sweeping, together with the dust through the arches of the market, melon, peach, and apple did not look as attractive as on the preceding Saturday, when the parched palate watered longingly at the sight. But the'show was for the most part not the less abundant. Apples, of which thero was plenty, ranged from 6d. to Is. per lb. ; pears, 8d. to Is ; plums, Sd. to Is.; grapes, Is. 3d. ; peaches. Is. to Is. 6d. ; melons were Is. and upwards each. There was a good supply of vegetables ; cabbages were from 9d. to Is. each. There were some mag nificent pumpkins, speaking of which, we may observe that a regular giant, weighing no less than 561b., was exhibited in the window of Mr. Prcudred, the same trader showing a vegetable marrow 24Jlbs. weight. Potatoes were 9s. per cwt. ; fowl averaged. 9s, a couple, and ducks ap peared to be rnther uniformly sold for that price. There were a few but not many flowers. Scottish Entertainments.— Mr. Black, who has won for himself a large meed- of public ap:. plausc by his amusing, arid Instructive, entertain- mrnts, will to'-jught afford the good citizens of Castlemaine an opportunity.: of witnessing his powers. We believe there are enough of lovers of Scottish- song, and of song generally, to guarantee hi.m. arespectable house. To morrow night Mr. Btack wili give his entertainment for tho benefit of- the Benevolent Asylum, when we trust the ob ject, combined with the excellence of the per formance will draw a large house to the walls of the theatre. The Stump Extractor ! — On Wednesday, we-'paidl.a visit of inspection to Mr. EngliBhs' paddock. Garlsruhe, and- were highly pleased with the: result of the experiments recently made by Air. -Mansfield. About 40 or. 50 trees, mostly of large dimensions, lay on the ground, from which tViey-h'ad- boeu- literally dragged. In some in stances th,e trees being totfen, had, given way, breaking off short,' and ' bringing out only about half of the roots. One tree", however, cannot be passed over 'without "notice being thoroughly sound, it gave a, fair- proof of the value of the Stump -Extractor?: / The tree measured 12 . .feet across, the root. and ibout 3 feet, in diameter in; tHe!body, and waiim_hedde&' about 6 feet in the; earth.--- oThere -/was- : nearly "a-, ton weight of dirt ; ahoat'ut, and the po'wer rquired to raise it, we understand, was nearly, 1,000, tons., ;;The tree was completely- tbrn away- from itgjnaturpl. bed. The. public e' will" have an- opportunity.': of..witnensing- ' fustier, experiments,;, as it , is. tlie intention of the, pajphfeb' to exhibit the' wholel process of work-; iogrfofiat'lcashpne week; commencing lliis day, on the padilock oLMr-English,. We.rccomtnend, all'agriculturalists'aiid: land dealers to be present. — Observer,,, !: , : : " . ' ' AIrV Kemblb. — A great many/ persons; here well remember a man nafnedtKcmble',-who professed to giye ", dramatic readings," .He; has latterly been, practising- upon tbe'rbugh untutored minds d'wel-j ling. at-iFrauklyn; on,':the; Huon, River; Tasmania. He succeeded by plyiug the usual attractions of jewellery, anil' " eheeW'rini selling a considerable nuniher of,; tickets to- the, sawyers, settlers, and splitters, arid other denizens of the district. Tlie character 'of his'entertainment is described by the. HobarlTown Cpitfier as follows:— "Despite of tlie feputed music of the audience, and various interludes- performed by a drunken- tinker, who was- ocaasiunally thrust upon the stage during Kembl'e's obaracters, he dragged through Othello with a,w.l)j.ie . face, and. Hamlet with a rosy one, and got "as" far as ' Richard when the audience could no longer restrain themselves, and the poor monarch was assailed with a shower of Huon epgsjTfeili and stale, accompanied by a storm of ' rough . whites and tartans.' Richard began - evidently to speculate on the damage that might likely accrue to his ermine by eggs, lighted candlps;:' and . other unpleasant missiles, and- rapidly divesting himself of his diadem, sccotre; and1 robe; made one bound from Bosworth Field to the benches in the pit, ' from the sublime to.the. lidfculjdu?,!' with only His under and inexpressive habiliments, in jeopariy, and- turning up his shirt- sleevesi'challeuged any ' blackguard,', out to fight Asoften, as, be. mounted and remounted the forms, be;jwas as- often, floored by the boys tripping them up) Subsequently he anathematised some of his hearers present -as vagabonds,, cowards, black guards,. &c-; A ' set to" was the result, but Mr. K's_ antagonist being. the more active of the two,, s'opped his mouth anil- ears simultaneously ; in other words, he appeared next day with little to saypand under a bandage woa a portion of a face: much more befitting Othello than on bis previous night's reprcsentation when he appeared as pale as Hamlet's'Ghost.'' Thb; Crimean - Deserter, Thomas Tqlb.— - The .proceedings and finding of the general court-! martial: which. assembled. at. Chatham garrison on. the 26th of November last, .under the>presidency of LifUitqnant Colonel C. E. Fairtlough, for the, ; tridToTthe traitor Thomas Tole, a. private in tlie ' 1st, battalion. Rojtal Fusiliers,, who ;\yhem scrying : witji.ffis regimpnt before. Scbastqpol, ,hasely,de»' J sertedt to: the- Russian enemy, : having: been approved: by Ilia Royal IlighnesB, the Commander-1 in Chipf, orders were yesterday issued, at Chatham for atgenera! parade of the whole troops,' coin- prijipg, .the 1st battalion of infantry, for the purpose of- hearing the sentence, of the Court read. The: entire battalion wait foitncd, on. tlie parade groundiafc Ion o'clock yesterday morning, under the command of major H. D Ellie, and tbe depots haying been arranged in close column, the prisoner was marched to the front of the batallion. The prisoner deserted, tO: the; Russians in the month'of January, 1855, and it, was doubtless: the - 1 information which he then gave which led to a genemli attack, on the English lines shortly after. At the; termination of the war the prisoner, being ! afraid: tq return to England, remained at St. Petersburg- until- last year, when he was sent hmne/.by, Lbtd Wodeliousc, and was shortly after apprehended at Alunchesti-r and charged vyith being a, deserter. Owing,, however, to the diffi. cully of proving that he was a deserter he was- released; but further proof having been- obtained, he was again arrested and brought to trial. The proceedings. ofthe court were read to the batallion by Captain Sidebottom, tbe adjutant. The court found tbe prisoner guilty, and sentenced him to be kept in" penal servitude for life. After the sentence had, been read, the prisoner was removed in charge of, a strong escort, aud will be sent to the convict establishment at Alilbauk,— Tpnes, 