_Mining._ Bye Law X. may now be consi dered to be law. The statutory twenty-one days hare elapsed, and no revocation of the bye law as first gazetted having taken place, it fol lows that it is a part and parcel of the law of this gold field. It was of course nothing to our paternal Go vernment that objections were duly forwarded. Mr O'Shanassy's electoral agents and adherents in the Mining Board made no sign, and the bye law is therefore permitted to pass unques tioned by the Executive. Mr Frazer, the Government candidate for Bal larat West, when taxed the other night at the Council Chamber about the bye law, saw the propriety of con ciliating the objectors, and therefore announced that he did not concur in the twelve-claim monopoly part of it. All things to all men is this friend Frazer of ours, but " ever yours mott obediently" to John O'shanassy and his Ballarat agents. He did not con cur in that Uttle bit of the bye law, but as that was a trifle he just signed along with the rest, and even took the lead; for friend Frazer's name figures at the head of the mem bers who concur (!) in the bye law. Vive la bagatelle! quoth Frazer to himself. ,Hurrah for a seat in Parlia ment! and then yon «ball see what you «hall see. The meniorablë Little Bendigo 13haácing' Company having some time since given np the ghost, a new com pany has sprang from its rains. Oar advertising columns contain the pros peptus o f the new company, which is to be formed on the limited liability principle, with a capital of £10,000 in £f5 shares. We cannot vouch for all the statements made m the prospec tus, bat we can safely inform those of oar mining readers who are not ac quainted -with the locality of the com pany's operations, that the claim is now and always bas been considered one of first-rate promise. Little Ben digo is too well known as a district that has for a long time supported a large body of miners, to require any recommendation to any other than strangers. We have no doubt at all that if the company is well managed it will be a paying concern. In fact, if the thing oe gone about with spirit and in the right way, there is doubt less a very long and profitable series of operations before the company. The Black Hill Quartz Company are now busily engaged in preparing for the erection of their additional battery of stampers, as notified by us a week or two ago. Apropos of quartz workings, we are informed that a new and promising reef has been struck a few miles hence. We are not yet in a positif» to state the precise locality; but a party is now forming, we be lieve, lo test the value of the new dis covery. The Inkermann Lead is partially ! flooded again, owing, as some allege, I to some fault in the management of the baling shaft at the late Catch-me who-can claim. Be this as it may, several of the adjacent claims on either side are now swamped. The Great Republic Company have bot tomed their new shaft about 30 feet too shallow, we believe, but on which side of the gutter does not yet appear. From the show in the Royal Saxon claim, however, it is probable the Republicans are on the south side of the deep ground. 