ADVANCE QUEENSLAND. NEWS AND NOTES, BY A SYDNEY MAN. XLIV. THE Salsette arrived on Saturday, and great was the rush for the letters and news- papers next day, and on Monday. It will be best to plunge at once into the news. The appointment of Sir Geoge Bowen as Governor of Moreton Bay—now " Queens- land," is fully confirmed. The following is from the Home News of the 18th May :— " It has been decided to erect into a colony the district of Moreton Bay, now a portion of the Government of New South Wales. The formation of this district into a seperate colony has been for the last six years urgently and repeatedly pressed by the inhabitants on tho home Government. A delay in acceding to their petitions was occasioned by the ne- cessity of an arrangement for apportioning the public debt as between Sydney and Moreton Bay, a point now satisfactorily ad- justed. The Separation now effected will, no doubt, lead to a great and rapid develop- ment of the colony thus created, which will take the name of Queensland. The Go- vernor selected to preside over the new colony is Sir George Ferguson Bowen, K.M.C.S., at present Chief Secretary to the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands, a post he has held for some time to the approbation of his superiors. Sir George Bowen was formerly a Fellow of Brazenose and a first classman, and has ob- tained considerable distinction in literary as well as official circles. His appointment is likely to be popular in Australia. Sir Benjamin Pine, now Governor of the Gold Coast, has been appointed Lieutenant-Go- vernor of St. Christopher's. It will be seen that Sir Edward Lytton has in both these adhered to the principle of promotion in the service as the best means of securing to our colonial empire the most efficient servants that can be obtained. The name of the capital of British Columbia is to be New Westminster. The Morning Post, of the same date, which I send you, contains a similar an- nouncement, almost in the same words. Moveover the Times of May 16th, in its official list of presentation to Her Majesty the Queen on the previous day, contains the name of " Sir G. F. Bowen, K.G.M.G., on his appointment as Governor of Queensland," Nor is this all. A private communication from your Governor has been received in high quarters here, and I have myself seen part of a note from a gentleman in an official position now in England, who met the Go- vernor of Queensland by invitation at dinner a day or two before the mail left, and men- tions that Captain Clarke, of Victoria—so often named in connection with Moreton Bay —was present on the occasion. As to Cap- tain Sturt, he is evidently distanced. I see the name of Mr. George Fitz Roy amongst the presentations to the Queen " on his re- turn from diplomatic service in China," but he seems to have been a day after the fair. Sir George Bowen (whose K.G., M.G., by the way, means Knight of the Greek Order of St. Michael and St. George,) intended to leave England by the August mail steamer, so you will have him out with you in Octo- ber. The most remarkable thing is that not n line of an official despatch respecting these matters has reached the colony. No infor- mation is afforded respecting either the bound- ary or the settlement of the debt, and the impression in official quarters is, that the Government intended to introduce a Bill as soon as Parliament met, on the 31st of May, and that, as regards the boundary, in all probability the Governor-General's sugges- tions were adopted. Perhaps some private information on these points may reach Moreton Bay by the mail. At all events Separation may now be considered an ac- complished fact, and perhaps I may be allow- ed some right to congratulate you on the splendid prospects before you. A private letter says that the new Governor's salary is to be only £2,500 a year ; but I suppose this is all that will be reserved by the Bill. You will be able enough to give him something more respectable than this, if he behave him- self properly. Certainly the war will have a damaging effect upon the sale of your deben- tures ; but in this respect the other colonies will at least be as badly off as Queensland— which designation, by the way, you will see that the Empire has been the first to adopt, in its news from your quarter for the Eng- lish summary. It never rains but it pours, and so, in ad- dition to a Governor, they have made you the long-promised Bishop at last. The fol- lowing paragraph from the Home News an- nounces the fact :—" Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton, her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, has consented to the creation of another new bishopric in Australia, the seat of which will be at Brisbane, Moreton Bay, New South Wales, now included in the diocese of Newcastle, a see which is equal in extent to four times the area of the British Isles. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts has granted £1000 towards the endowment fund, and Dr. Tyrell, the present Bishop of Newcastle, has generously promised to contribute half the amount requirement for the endowment of the new see. Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton has nominated, as the first Bishop of Bris- bane, the Rev. Edward Wyndham Tuffnell, M.A., of Warburn College, Oxford, and Pre- bendary of Salisbury Cathedral. The bishop designate was ordained in 1837 by Dr. Bagot, Bishop of Oxford, and having for some time been minister of Broadtown, near Marl- borough, he was presented by the late Bishop of Salisbury to the rectory of Beechingstoke. In 1857, on the appointment of Sir Erasmus Wilson to the Chancellorship of St. David's, he was nominated by the present Bishop of Salisbury to the rectory of St. Peter and St. Paul's, Marlborough, which he has held up to the present time. Mr. Tuffnell graduated in 1837, when he was third class in classics and was select preacher in 1858. It is pro- pable that the now Bishop of Bangor and the Bishop-designate of Brisbane will be conse- crated on the 2nd June, being Holy Thurs- day, or Ascension-day. To turn now from affairs of more deep local interest, to the news of the great war now commencing ; the telegrams have already apprised you of the main facts of the case. It appears that on the 26th of April the Aus- tria army, amounting to 120,000 men, under the commander-in-chief of General Gyulai, passed the river Ticino in three divisions of 60,000, 30,000 and 30,000 each, commanded respectively by Generals Benedek, Zübel, and Gyulai. After advancing as if to occupy Turin, they fell back to a strong position, which, together with the position of the Piedmontese and the French, is thus lucidly described in the Morning Chronicle :— The Piedmontese force mantains itself in a defensive position at Alessandria, a place of great strength, and where the French Em- peror and Kîng of Sardinia, according to the last accounts, were concentrating their rein- forcements while awaiting results. The Au- strian army at present occupies a plain, 30 leagues long by 10 broad-the province of Lomellino, between the Ticino, the foot of the Alps, the Sesia, and the Po. This is perhaps the garden of Piedmont. The dis- trict, which is low, is watered by streams innumerable, through the agency of which much rice is cultivated. The ground is of course moist, and to a great degree impracti- cable, and to this may be attributed the immobility of the Austrian masses. It will thus be seen that the invaders hold a consi- derable portion of Piedmont, presenting few towns of any extent, it is true, but inhabit- ed by a rural population, and no less than 300,000 souls. To the period of harvest there are still four mouths ; corn and cattle are obtained in abundance by the unscru- pulous Austrians, and the resources of this province will easily maintain their 160,000 men for some time longer—certainly till their plans are ripe for execution. The supplies are still further facilitated by the manœuvres of the invaders who pass the Po and Sesia in flying columns, throw bridges across these rivers, or occupy the fords and ferries, fortify them, and forage the whole country, these razzias have no further object probably than to harrass and reconnoitre the enemy while levying contri- bution. Many severe strictures have been passed on the dilatory conduct of the Aus- trian generals in not advancing beyond the Po ; but looking calmly at their military policy, it would seem that they are selecting a strong position to receive rather than to give battle in, and that they will remain satisfied with their occupation of the country at their rear, their ability to bring mass after mass to the scene of action, and the facilities thus afforded them of making Sardinia main- tain their troops through the arbitrary agency of severe levies. It may be some time, therefore, before we hear of a decisive battle, and probably not till the French feel them- selves in sufficient force to take the initiative, and attack their lines. It should be observed that Ancona was declared in a state of siege at the beginning of the month by the Austrians, at which the Pope of course protested. There was also a revolution in the Duchy of Parma, and at Modena, simultaneously with the movement in Tuscany. All Italy is, in fact, in a blaze, which is only smothered and kept down for the time by the blanket of brute force. The French garrison at Rome is strengthen- ed by 3,000 additional bayonets. In Naples, things can scarcely be worse than they are. The King, like a second Herod, is slowly dying of a horrible malady—it is said to be the hideous and happily rare, morbopedicu- lare. The Lombardo-Venetian territory is, of course, declared in a state of siege under the gentle dictatorship of Gyulai, and the people of Milan are disarmed. So much for the Italian Peninsula. From the rest of Europe one unanimous chorus of asserted neutrality is heard, but unhappily it is almost drowned by the din of general armament. From the Neva to the Ebro, armies are placed on a war-footing, while a military furore appears to prevail universally —but all in the name of peace the most pro- found and inviolate. The ubiquitous correspondents of the Times give detailed accounts of all the pro- ceedings in connection with the tremendous drama now opening. The enthusiasm in Geno on the arrival of the Emperor Napo- leon was unbounded. At the theatre in the evening he was kept bowing in front of his box for five minutes, while a crowded and brilliant audience cheered and waved their handkerchiefs. The passage of troops, ar- tillery, and munitions of war through Mar- seilles to the seat of war, is described in gra- phic terms. The old Duke of Malakoff has hurried off from England, and is to command ho army remaining in France—with its head-quarters at Nancy. In the meantime our ex- Special-Constable was daily visiting the camp of the French army in Italy, and preparing for action. Should he succeed in the new character of General, and be govern- ed by moderation, he may stand a fair chance of dying with his head on ; but there is not much room for sanguine expectation that he will do either one or the other. Critics on the spot say that if he chooses to rely en- tirely upon his able General, success will probably crown his arms, but if he conceit- edly dabbles in the matter himself, he will make a mess of it. However, we must not give implicit faith to all this. Louis Napo- leon is a clever fellow, and it is well known that the profession of arms, and particularly artillery, has been a study with him for years. That he will become intoxicated with suc- cess is, I fear, far more probable than that he will not succeed. For my own poor part, unpopular as it may seem, my sympathies in this case are decidedly with Austria. It is not that their system is not tyrannical and abominable, nor do I forget the butcheries of Windischgratz, the gibbets of Radedzki, or the floggings of Haynau. But in this case it is clearly a matter of bullying and aggres- sion on the part of France—a country that has been running about trailing its coat upon the ground for a long time, in vain beseech- ing all and sundry to " thread on that if they dar'," and now is reduced to the necessity of taking the initiative rather than not have any fight at all. No doubt a little phle- botomy may do France good. She has no wretched Arabs to deal with in the sternly trained soldiers of Austria. Of course all the Italian States are cock-a- hoop. The Pope has declared his neutrality, which has been allowed of course. They say that a splendid suite of apartments is being prepared at Fontainbleau, and some think that the nephew is going to imitate the uncle by carrying his Holiness to France. Tuscany has revolted, as you already know. At first a provisional government was ap- pointed, but subsequently the govenvment was surrendered into the hands of the King of Sardinia, who has appointed a High Com- missioner to administer the same during the war. It will be remembered that when Orsini was beheaded for attempting the life of the French Emperor, he left behind him (so it was said) an address to Napoleon, bequeath- ing to him the task of regenerating Italy. A very clever piece of workmanship was that same, but I no more believe that Orsini wrote it than that Charley Windmell did. It was a nice piece of policy on the part of the cunning old fox Jerome, or some of that lot, and merely foreshadowed the present proceeding. Now those who do me the honor to remember my vaticinations some time back will recollect that Napoleon's policy appeared to me to be—not absolutely to menace England—but to caution her not to interfere with his continental schemes. This was apparent to common sense, and there is no egotism in recalling it. Now, however, England sees plainly that appearances may lead to something more. Throughout the country rife-clubs are being established, and bullets are " pinging" away at the bull's eyes in all directions. " Up with the butts" shouts Punch. " Shoulder the Enfield" says the Times. Growing lads of fifteen years are admitted into the militia ; waggons, with bands of music and streamers, traverso the country, collecting able-bodied seamen for the Navy, at a bounty of £10 per man. The arsenals and dockyards keep up a perpetual clang. And then we have Sir William Armstrong hammering away at his foundery, and manu- facturiug long-range guns which he himself assures us will" " throw shot and shell into a city five miles off ; burst and rip up the side of a ship ; pass a projectile through nine feet thickness of solid oak ; and strike an object nine feet square 3,000 yards off, six times out of eight." In this colony I can assure you that those whose duty it is to watch over the public a safety are not regardless of their responsibi- lity, and I shall not be surprised if many of us are called upon to shoulder a rifle before long. The efficiency of the forts are being duly cared for, and we shall no doubt get some little hint of precautions when the Governor-General opens the parliament. I may glance at some of the other items of news brought out by this mail. The Pomona, emigrant ship, bound from England to America, has been lost in St. George's Channel, by striking on a bank on the Irish Coast. Nearly four hundred per- sons were drowned. The mutineers of the Junior have at last been sentenced, at Boston. Cyrus W. Plumer, convicted of the murder of the captain, was to be hanged on the 24th of June. It seemed still doubtful whether his sentence might not be commuted. He had put in a long written statement, endeavoring to implicate the chief officer, Nelson Provost, as the ring- leader of the mutiny, but anybody who attended the examinations here, as I did, must feel this to be pure invention, though Provost was very likely a tyrannical mate. Carther, Herbert, and Stanley, who were convicted of manslaughter, were sentenced each to five years' and ten months' hard labor, and to a fine of 2000 dollars, with imprisonment until it be paid. Orders have been sent out to all the French naval ports, to respect the Austrian frigate Novara, now on a scientific voyage, and at present, I believe, in one of the New Zealand ports. A commonly accepted report is that Russia intends to imitate the policy adopted by Austria during the Crimean war, by station- ing an army on the frontier, so as to neces- sitate the maintenance of a strong Austrian force at home. However this may be, the Muscovite has apparently one eye fixed upon the poor Sultan, and, as Punch says, there seems some fear of Alexander turning out " a chip of the old block-head." The Austrian flotilla has taken refuge in Trieste. A French squadron was in the Adriatic, and said to be on the way to Venice. One of the boats of a French liner, had overhauled an English merchant- man on the way to Trieste. If the news is true of a French squadron in the Adriatic, the very condition of war with England, hinted at by Mr. Disraeli, in his speech to the House of Commons, is already fulfilled. The Prince of Wales was at Gibraltar. At first positive orders had been given for his return home, but these had been counter- manded, and he had been merely directed on no account to land upon French soil. All the out-pensioners of Greenwich hospi- tal, have been ordered to undergo examina- tion, to ascertain their fitness for service. A screw steam yacht has been cruising in the Mersey, with a band on board playing " Hearts of Oak," " Rule Britannia," &c.; She was touching at all the wharves and quays, picking up men for the navy. Mr. Disraeli stated in a recent speech to the electors of Buckinghamshire, that Eng- land intended immediately to dispatch a commanding fleet to the Mediterranean. The Prussian Legislature has, with accla- mations, voted forty millions of dollars for the purpose of placing the army on a war footing. M. de Vincke thus delivered him- self, and if that doesn't look like war, I should like to know what does :— " No Prussian heart could conceive the idea of Prussia joining the Emperor Napoleon against Austria. (Loud cheers.) Prussians, should never forget that Austria formed a German nucleus, and that they were bound to Austria by the sacred bonds of the Con- federation. (Cheers) He had no enmity towards France. Traditional hatred has passed away. Behold the Anglo-French alliance ! Frenchmen have qualities which we might envy, but they are superficial ones. We have qualities which they do not possess a fear of God, a love of truth, of justice and consistency. The French are always craving for what they call their ' uatioual frontiers.' Another danger exists in the system actually in force in France—a system developed in 1830 in the Idees Napoleoniennes, according to which the war in Italy is but the first act of the drama. The others will be played upon the Rhine, then in England, then in Russia. He could not blame the Austrian ultimatum, as it had been blamed by the Government. If Austria has commenced the war, he has been driven to it. After alluding to the Emperor's words to Baron Hubner on New Year's Day, to the Sardinian marriage, the alliance with Piedmont, and the armaments of France, M. do Vincke alluded to Lord Derby's very ' unparliamen- tary' expression—(loud applause)—the ' aggression of Austria,' which was only excusable on electioneering grounds. The Congress was nothing more than a subter- fuge to give France time to complete her armaments. As in all probability Prussia would have shortly to stand side by side with Austria on the field of battle, the sooner the disapproval of the Government of the policy of Austria was dropped, the better. (Great sensation.) He did not think the moment had arrived for Germany to send an army to Italy. If it was true that France had concluded an alliance with Russia, then it was Prussia's duty to ' arm to the teeth,' it would then be requisite not only to mobilize the army, but to arouse the spirit of 1813. He believed that Belgium, Holland, and Switzerland would stand by Prussia ; that England would remember she was a great European Power, that it was her interest not to tolerate the existence of a military Power that threatened her naval pre-eminence. The ghost of Chathan would rise to warn her. She was Prussia's ally in the seven year's war, but even should she fail us we have another ally (said M. Vincke, pointing to Heaven), who will not abandon us. We will go to war with the old motto of Prussia, ' For- wards, with God, for our King and country ' " The latest intelligence from the Continent is continued in the following letter from the Paris correspondent of the Courrier de Mar- seilles. Tt is dated Paris, May 18th ; but al- though I append it, from the lateness of its date, it cannot be considered posterior to the telegraphic intelligence from the scene of operations, published in the Times, Evening Mail, and Morning Chronicle, and which I have availed myself of for my summary. This intelligence dates from Turin and Treste, May 17th, and from Rome May 16th, so that the Paris writer of the 18th could not know much more. However, here is what he says :— PARIS, May 18th.—The Government is still without important news from the seat of war. During the eight days since the Emperor left Paris, he has been entirely en- gaged in examining the exact positions held by the enemy, and in concerting with our generals the plans of the campaign. The continuance of bad weather has retarded hitherto the execution of these plans. The Moniteur will not delay to publish the de- cree which names M. de Chasseloup Saubat Minister of Marine in place of Admiral Hamelin. Public opinion in England has pronounced itself so energetically in favor of neutrality, that the attitude of the Cabinet of St. James has been necessarily modified. We are al- ready far away from the diplomatic media- tions proposed with the intention of pre- serving to Austria its rights and privileges, and that is something gained. But, on the other side, the Tory Ministry continues its armaments in such proportions, and tries to awaken the military spirit of the nation so perseveringly, that we may well ask whether it is sincere in that neutrality to which the country has compelled it, and whether it has completely renounced the maintenance of Austrian pretensions. It is possible that, to maintain his power in Parliament, Lord Derby may consent to sacrifice his Austrian sympathies. In Prussia, in certain of the middle States of Germany, an opinion in favor of inter- vention appears to be pronounced, while the Prussian Cabinet struggles vigorously against this tendency, and does not wish to see Ger- many towed in the wake of Austria. Will the German people come to understand that its interests are not bound up with Austria, and will it recognise in good faith that France makes no war on the Confederation ? It is impossible to give any assurance of this, and we know not, moreover, whether the Prussian Cabinet has the will or the power to persist in the line of conduct it has hitherto followed. In London, the Question will be resolved in the House of Commons, in Berlin when the final intentions of Russia are known. As to the attitude of Russia, although it is certain that it is bound by no treaty, and has preserved its entire liberty of action, it has never concealed the lively sympathies it feels for the cause of Italian independence, and we need net travail far to suppose that it will take its revenge for the striking proofs it has received of Austria ingratitude. It is already beyond doubt that Count Caroly has completely miscarried at St. Petersburg. Information received contemporaneously from several quarters states that the Austrian Emperor leaves to-day for the army. He ought to arrive the day after to-morrow at head-quarters, which is now only a very short distance from the French head-quarters. A rencontre is therefore imminent ; and it will be terrible and decisive if it is true, as the German journals say, that the Austrians possess in Piedmont an army of 350,000 men and 600 pieces of cannon. But this is doubtful, and in any case a great part of the Austrian troops will be wanted to preserve tranquility in Lombardy, and cannot be available to be put in line of battle. Prince Napoleon had command of a corps d'armée, and was waiting for his infantry to arrive from Africa. His destination was re- ported to be Venice. In the meantime he had issued a bombastic address to his troops, a la Napoleon the First. Jacomb and Son's circular estimates the fall in wool at 1d. to 1½d. a pound (for New South Wales wools) as compared with the March sales. The Greeks at Galatz and at Odessa had been making murderous attacks upon the Jewish residents. At Odessa several of the assassins had been arrested and awaited trial. You will probably be aware that Chamery and Dick, for the Darling Downs outrage, are to be hanged on the 4th of August. Mr. Ketch has a little transaction here on the 22nd of the present month, with an old fel- low named Norris for ravishing a child, after which he will have the pleasure of waiting upon the two poor blacks (now, unhappily, deprived of their protector) in Brisbane gaol. In the case of Job Neale, who was tried at Castlemaine for the murder of Robert Dunlop at Dunolly, and acquitted through the manifest conspiracy and perjury of the witnesses, those witnesses have themselves been arrested. A miner named Unwin and his wife, and Elizabeth Bowden, are charged with conspiracy, and Richard Dunbeer and Mary Dodd with the wilful murder of McLean and Dunlop. All these people had apparently combined to put the rope around the neck of an innocent man. We have at last authentic news of the issue of a notice calling for tenders for postal conveyance via Panama. It was not, I am assured, until seven o'clock in the evening of the 18th of May that this long-promised notice was extorted from the Admirality. Tenders were to be received up to the 1st of July, to convey a monthly mail each way ; the voyage not to exceed 55 days. The con- tractor is to be bound to find means of con- veying the mails by a branch steamer be- tween Sydney and Melbourne, but the trunk line is to be between Panama and Sydney, calling at New Zealand. South Australia is left out of the arrangement, and so is " Queensland." Mr. Gisborne, who has repeatedly caused his scheme of electric communication with England to be brought under notice in Aus- tralia, has now actually arrived, for the purpose of endeavoring to carry it out. I have seen a tracing of his plan. He proposes to commence at the east end of Java, lay the cable thence to Timor, thence to Port Essington, and thence through Torres Straits by sea to Moreton Bay. Mr. Stephenson, the Government representative in the Tele- graph Commission in England, thinks rather favorably of the project, though Lord Derby has at present declined to pledge the Govern- ment to any stated assistance, and it is dis- tinctly laid down that no more guarantees or monopolies will be granted for anything of this kind-the Atlantic affair being pro- bably a sickener. All the line from England to Java will soon be completed. The Red Sea cable is laid down, and will give communication with Aden, from which point on to Kurra- chee, Pegu, Singapore, and Batavia, lines either at present exist, or are in process of commencement. Mr. Gisborne now wants the Australian colonies to take up the mat- ter. It is one of no small importance, and the new colony of Queensland has not a little interest in the probability of becoming the recipient of the earliest intelligence from Europe. " There's a good time coming"— long as you have had to wait for it. Two Chinamen arrested in Victoria on snspicion of implication in McElligott's murder, have been remanded for a week. Forrest, Kennedy, Keefe, and Connor have been committed for the robbery and murder- ous assault upon John Bowden, in Little Bourke Street. Mr. Sickles has been acquitted of the mur- der of Key, at Now York. The populace went half mad on the occasion. They rent the air with shouts of approval, cheered the defendant, and serenaded the jury. The steamer St. Nicholas burst her boilers on the 24th April, on the voyage between New Orleans and St. Louis. About thirty people were killed, and many injured. The details are shocking :—"The captain met his death in a frightful manner. A heavy piece of timber, displaced by the explosion, caught his feet and held him fast. By almost superhuman effort he disengaged his right foot, but his left still remained fast. During this time he exhibited great solicitude for the safety of persons on the boat, and not until the flames had come within reach of his own body did he exhibit any anxiety for himself. Then, finding he could not release himself, he implored those within reach of his voice to relieve him from his dreadful dilemma, requesting at last that some one would bring an axe and cut off his leg. Every exertion was made to relieve him, but without avail, and the noble captain and true man was consumed by the flames, meeting death manfully at his post. At Richmond a "man named Thomas De- laney has been killed by the running away of a horse with a dray. Our elections are almost over. The fol- lowing table, which has been compiled with considerable care for the Empire, will give as good an idea of the results as at present is practicable :— At present there are seventy-five members elected out of the eighty provided for by the Electoral Act. In attempting to classify the political tendencies of the members returned, we must premise that in some instances we are left to but little more than conjecture. However, so far as can at present he ascer- tained, the names marked m are those of supporters of the existing ministry ; those marked o belonging to the opposition ; and those with the letter d are doubtful. Those members opposite whose names are placed a # had no place in the last Parliament. A few of these, however, have formerly sat in the Legislature, and these are distinguished by an asterisk prefixed to their names. The remainder are entirely new to Parliamentary life. Argyle ..............T. A. Murray (o) Brisbane .........John Richardson (m) Bathurst ..........# J. F. Clements (o) Braidwood .......# F. A. Cooper (m) The Bogan .......G. W. Lord (d) Canterbury .......E. Flood (m) ,, .....................#S. Lyons (m) Carcoar ............#W. K. Watt(m) Central Cumberland... #J. H. Atkinson (m) ,, ..# J. C. Laycock (m) Camden ...........W. V. Wild (o) ,, ................. . # J. Oxley (o) Eden ...............D. Egan(m) Goulburn .........# W. Roberts (o) Glebe .............John Campbell (m) Gold-flelds, West .... # R. Wisdom (m) ,, North .. . # J. Hoskins (m) ,, South... # J. B. Wilson (m) Gwydir ............R. L. Jenkins (o) Hawkesbury......* # J. B. Darvall (o) ,, ................W. R. Piddington (o) The Hunter .........R. Jones (m). Hume ............# H. Asher (m) Hartley ...........H. Rotton (m) Hastings .........#H. Flett (d) Ipswich ........... # A. Macalister (d) Illawarra ........... J. F. Hargrave (in) Kiama .............. # S. W. Gray (m) Lachlan ........... # N. P Ryan (m) Leichhardt ..........# W, H. Walsh (d) Lower Hunter ......# W. Windeyer (o) Morpeth ............. # E. C. Close (m) Mudgee ............# Hon. L. H. Bayley (m) Murray ..............# J. Hay (o) Murrumbidgee .......William Macleay (o) East Macquarie .......# W. Cummings (o) ,, ............ W. H. Suttor (o) West Macquarie ......# J. McPhillamy (o) East Maitland ..........#J. Chambers (m) West Maitland ..........E C. Weekes (m) East Moreton ............# R. Cribb (m) West Moreton .... ......# H. Mort (o) Monaroo ..................# A. Hamilton (o) Northumberland ...... A. W. Scott (m) Nepean .................. R.Jamison (m) Newcastle ..............Arthur Hodgson (o) Newtown ............... # Alexander McArthur (m) Narellan ............... # J. Hurley (o) New England .... .....J. Hart (m) Orange .................# S. Samuels (o) Paddington .........Sir Daniel Cooper (m) Parramatta ............J. Byrnes (m) ,, ..........................G. Oakes (m) Paterson ............. W. M. Arnold (m) Patrick's Plains ...... # Captain Russell (m) Queanbeyan ......... W. Forster (d) St. Leonard's ........ # E. M. Sayers (m) The Williams .........# J. Dark (m) The Clarence ........# Clark Irving (m) The Tumut .......... # G. D. Lang (m) Tenterfield ...........# R. Nott (o) East Sydney ........Hon. Charles Cowper (m) ,, ........... # John Black (m) ,, .......... Henry Parkes (o) ,, ............ Hon. James Martin (o) West Sydney.........# Rev, Dr. Lang* (m) ,, ........ # J.Pemell (m) ,, ..........# J T. Broughton (d) ,, .......... D. H. Plunkett (o) Shoalhaven .......... .J. Garrett (m) Upper Hunter ........Hon. J. Robertson (m) Wollombi ............# W. T. Cape (d) Wellington ......... N. Hyeronimus (m) Windsor .............W. B. Dalley (m) Yass .................. T. Laidlaw (d). It will be seen from the foregoing that of the 75 elected, 31 are old, and 44 new mem- bers—a sufficient infusion of new blood. The state of parties, so far as we can yet divine, is as follows :— Ministerial ................ 44 Oppositionists........... 23 Doubtful ..................... 8 Mr. Watts, formerly of the Free Press, and latterly the " H. E. W." of the Herald, has succeeded to the Editorship of the Melbourne Argus. It has been determined to establish an Admiral's station here, instead of a Commo- dore's as at present ; so I suppose we may expect a thumping big screw frigate out, if not a line-of-battle ship, before long. I hear from pretty good authority that Mr. S. A. Donaldson attended the Queen's last leevee, as a Member of the Executive Coun- cil of New South Wales, in tho costume of an English Privy Councillor, and that the claim was acknowledged. The Morning Chronicle says — " Mr. Henry Drummond Woolf, private secretary to Sir Edward Lytton, is named as Govern- ment Secretary at Corfu, in succession to Sir George Ferguson Bowen, who is appointed governor of the new colony of Queensland (Moreton Bay), in Australia." The Queen hold a grand review of 13,000 troops at Aldershott on the 16th of May. The great interest of the European news almost swallows up everything else. Intense will be the anxiety for the next mail. The Northam starts to-morrow. Chamberlain and Armstrong convicted of shooting at the policeman at Omeo, were hanged at Melbourne yesterday morning. They both confessed their guilt, and acknow- ledged the murder of Mr. Green also, of which they had been acquitted. The electric telegraph cable for Bass' Straits has arrived safely, in the screw steamer Omeo. Some thieves broke into a spirit-store at Melbourne, and after plundering it, attempt- ed to set fire to it by starting some of the casks, but the contents, being wine, quench- ed the flames. It is to be hoped that you will send an in- vitation to Mr. Darvall, to be present at the grand Separation fete, which of course you mean to give. A word in your ear. " Take your time, and do it well." Postpone it until the Governor arrives in October next. In the meantime organise Committees throughout the North, get in thy funds, and let Sir George Bowen be welcomed right loyally and liberally. I have just heard that, in consequence of Mr. Donaldson's claiming the rank and place of a Privy Councillor at the Queen's levee, a despatch has been addressed to the Governor General, calling upon all Executive Coun- cillors not in the Ministry, to resign the hon- orary distinction. Leaving you plenty of English news, I pull up. Wednesday night, 13th July. P.S.—This morning's Herald STILL doubts Separation. The Editor cannot have seen the report of his Excellency Sir Geo. Bowen's official presentation to the Queen. HOLLOWAY PILLS are the beacon fires of health to all nations, whether civilised or savage. In weakness and the debility generated by excesses of my kind, or general prostration of the system, their effect is at the same time renovating and re- storative ; they drive from the system the morbid cause of ailment, and bring back the frame to its pristine health and vigour. They greatly increase the appetite, and therefore persons so afflicted will readily regain their strength. 