PREMATÜiiE DEATHS. (To the Editor of the Star. J Sm.-A. ra< st able article upon tlie mortality on Ballarat during the last month, appeared in your issue some few days ago, wherein you alluded to the sludge and settled filth in our busy to wu. If the Authorities are so reck less as to have water closets of their own filled up with soil, without a prior cleansing, it is no wo ider that the careless inhabitants out of government officialisai ore so careless as to keeping their rear premises in a clean and health-conducive state. Some few days ago a closet at the back of the Camp, used by the military stationed here in past times was filled by orders of a superior officer, and manually by oidinary officials; the const quenco was, that the brow of the det-line was literally inundated with the out-forced offensive contents. If tho authorities are EO indifferent to the preservation nf our health, it is high time that we should demand, one and all, that out of our rates, or compulsorily out of the private purses of the neglectful inhabitants, that money be obtained to pay for cleansing our streets in their back premises, else the town of Ballarat ere long «ill be a disgrace to civilised society. The nightman should be constantly at work removing nuisances ol .very description, the effect of which would be a great increase of health, and to a very great extent banishment of the sickness which at present carries so many untimely to the grave. Whence the lethargy of the Town Councils in sanitary matters I cannot imagine ; bnt to a slovenly wife, who cleans the part seen in her house, and neglects the unseen, they can only be compared. I HEALIH-DESIHEB. PROTECTION IN CANADA.-A pro posal for the revival of protection, broached in Canada, has brought oat again the Free-trade veteran, General Thompson, who has contributed to the Bradford Advertiser a letter handling the subject with much of his ancient force and humor :-" Nothing, it ap pears, will satisfy the Canadians but setting up the cry of protection against Great Britain, and determining to keep out British produce when the things can be raised at a loss in Canada. For evidently in this case only can there be occasion for taking any pains. No man needs counsel te buy the things in Canada when they can be bought there cheapest. It is when they cannot that the wise man stands up and says, ' Here am I ready to make things dearer and worse, and I hope you will he so good as to pay me, because I shall like it better.' Perhaps it was a pro vidential act, that if there are any lin gering longings after protection to dear goods at home, they should be caricatured by the movement de scribed. Within the life of man, it was the rampant belief of British lions of all kinds that the colonists ought not to make a twopenny nail for themselves, if there was anybody at home whose interest it was to make ! it dearer and worse. And at last the thing grew so manifestly ßtupid that it was given up by what may be called general consent, scarcely a tail J wagging in token of regret. But now some of the Canadians are for i trying on the cast-off clothes. And now to examine this ghost of a defunct insanity. Somebody stands up and says to the Ca nadians-men never held deficient in sharpness, though they may not have attained to the celebrity of the other side of the border - Here are things which you can obtain from England for two shillings or two shillings' worth, and we come here to offer to make yon them for* three. We promise you we will ; and we call upon you by your affection to the land where you were born to come to our shops.' Why is it to be a gain to the country, that we shall give three shillings to A and B to make us dear goods, when we might as well have given two shillings of it to C and D to make the goods which would have broughtons the things from England, and the other shilling to £ and F to make ni» aomething that we might have eaten, or drank, or worn, or putintoonr pockets, or given to oar. little boys and 'girls, ar bestowed in some other of ffioo ingenious ways for which en «acate'people is seldom at a loss ? We haye a shrewd suspicion there is a fraud, a trick, an attempt at i genteel robbery without the risk of the constable. It will be odd if protection j can take root and grow in a new coun try, when it could not hold its own nader all the advantages of the old." 