PROTESTANT REVIVALS AND CATHOLIC RETREATS. (From Broumson's Review.) The beautiful and attractive ceremonies of Catho lic missions are admirably calculated both to in crease the enthusiasm of the people, to draw crowds to the church, to make deeper and more permanent the impression of the sermons, and at the saran time to allay undue or morbid excitement, and relieve the mind, by directing it from its own subjective moods to' something out of itself. Tl'ese external ceremonies have tlie same effect that walking out on a fine day in' a beautiful country, or looking at the nioonlit, starry heavens, has upon an anxious, sorrowful, or depressed mind that has been too much shut up within itself. Yet, they do not weaken, they strengthen, the impressions of religion in the soul. How touching it is to see, in the early part of a mission, the children of the congregation, sometimes to the number of five or seven hundred, dressed in white, full of earnestness and yet full of child like joy, at an early morning hour, gathered to gether in the church to receive communion, their parents looking on with tearful eyes, and one of the fathers kneeling among them, reciting in a subdued and soletnn voice the prayers and aspirations ap propriate to tho holy occasion, while the priest at the altar is proceeding wMi the Msss. What a spectacle for angels to contemplate with delight, and fitted to touch the heart of the coldest sceptic, the haughtiest philosopher, when they approach, rank after rank, and kneeling down at the communion rail, receive the bread of life, then returning to their places, join in the concluding prayers of thanksgiving, nnd are then dismissed, and scatter away in happy groups, their hearts filled with hallowing and sanctifying influences, while the gaiety of their youthful spirits is undiminished, and their cheerful open brows are unshadowed by the least tinge of sadness or constraint. Station yourself at early dawn in a remote gallery of some spacious and magnificent church while early Mass is going on, until the first rays of the rising sun begin to illumine the stained windows and throw variegated light on the altar and on the mass of people kneeling in the nave, as the lights are ex tinguished, and the obscure, dark mass of wor shippers come gradually out into the distinct light of day. Look at the Masses, which are going on at different altars, the robed priests, the surpliced boys moving about the altars ; liBten to the little tinkling bell, and see the long lines of communicants pressing up to receive communion. Notice the varied and picturesque groups, gray-headed men, gentle maidens, children, grotesque old women in ever}1 comical fashion of hood and gown, making the stations, telling the heads, reading the prayer book, crowding around the confessionals. What a contrast to the dull, cold formality, empty show, .heartless pride, and wearisome tameness of Protes 'taut services among ihe more decorous sects, and the vulgar fanaticism, the shouting, and anxious benches, prayer-meetings, and other clap-trap of the more ranting kind. Enter one of our largest and most imposing cathedrals on the night of the Dedication to the Blessed Virgin Mary, or the Renovation of the Baptismal Vows. There you see the statue of the Queen of Heaven on a lofty throne, crowned with the most costly jewels, Eurrounded.with lights and with a profusion of the most exquisite flowers. The baptismal font towers up at the side of the altar,' decorated with the expressive symbols of bap tismal grace: the altar is adorned and illuminated ; the bishop, with his clergy in their most splendid vestments, with a troop of surpliced boys, and a hundred little girls in white, their wreaths on their heads and tapers in their hands, fill the sanctuary. As the missionary in the pulpit, having finished the discourse, kneels down to recite the prayer of con secration, eight thousand human beings, by one . simultaneous movement, bend the knee and bow the Bead in veneration of Mary. The baptismal vows are renewed, and the roar of human voices ascends, repeating the promise made in that sacrament. Eight thousand tongues at once renounce the devil ! and swear allegiance to Jesus Christ; and then all falling on their knees, the priest raises his crucifix and ) gives them thcPapal Benediction. Theswelling chant of Magnificat or To Detim ascends to Heaven, clouds of incense fill the sanctuary, the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament closes the solemn scene, and as the priests retire from the sanctuary, the crowd linger, thej continue to gaze with riveted eyes on tho brilliant altar, or the font, as if Heaven itself were open to their view, and they are loath to depart. They would gladly die where they are rather thiin return to the wicked world. Intelligent and highly educated Protestants have repeatedly declared, after witnessing such a scene, that it was the most sublime spectacle they had ever witnessed in their lives. Tho confessional is another most powerful means of influence /which the Catholic priest possesses,- and | which is in full operation in a mission. One of the : princes of the royal house of Prussia, we have been told, attended the exercises of a mission while a student. He was greatly astonished at the re markable effects he saw produced, and desirous of accounting: for the fact that Catholic priests were able to produce these effects, while Protestant minis ters were not able to do the same, unless on a small scale. ' It cannot be,' said he, ' the learning, elo quence, or zeal of the preacher,, for we can equal them in these respects ; it must be, then, the power of the »onfessional.' There was much truth in the remark of the prince. In the confessional, that vast I crowd which fills the church passes slowly, one by j one, through the hands of the priest, and those truths and admonitions which aregiven in general terms in the pulpit are applied here to the individual conscience. Here, also^ to the believing Catholic, there is a specific and certain way of relieving h'S burdened conscience, and bringing tranquility to his bosom. Thus, while the confessional deepens and renders permanent the impressions of religious tru'h, it quiets that excitement which would soon prove hurtful, or wear itself out ; it changes the current of the feelings, gives hope the ascendency over fear, and diffuses through the soul a calm serenity. Hence, while in a Protestant revival the people be come haggard, worn, and exhausted as it proceeds, in a Catholic mission they becomtf more serene and tranquil as it approaches its close. The change is 1 manifest even in their countenances, and although ? the interest in the exercises increases, yet the whole assumes a more joyous character. The reason of all this is, that the disturbed and alarmed conscience has found a precise and satisfactory means of re gaining peace. The effect of the daily and frequent celebration of the Sacrifice of the Mass and the communion of the people is another thing peculiar to Catholic missions. The early morning hour, and tlie quiet, solemn, liturgical service, have something in them refreshing, invigorating, and soothing to the spirit. Then in the communion the soul is strengthened by spiritual food. There is something objective, real, sensible. It is according to sound medical principles, and to sound common sense, that when a keen appetite has been created by a tonic, or by fresh air and exercise, a generous and abundant diet must be supplied. The fire must have fuel to feed on. So also the soul, stimulated by powerful spiritual appliances, aid hungry after some supernatural good, cannot feed on excitement, or be sustained by its own sub. I jective acts, but requires sustenance from without. In the Holy Communion it finds this ; and thus the Sacraments are the proper complement of the ser mons. The Sacraments have in themselves all that grace which the soul needs. When the soul is healthy, she wants nothing; more. But when the soul is sick and languid, she needs to be purified and stimulated, that she may be' prepared to receive her proper food with appetite, and to assimilate it in a due manner. But our Protestant revivalists, who have nothing sacramental in their system, act like those quacks who dose their patients with excessive quantities of brandy, or other powerful tonics, and then give them no solid nourishment. Body and mind are alike ruined by such a process. We may reduce all that we have been saying in our foregoing remarks to this statement. In Pro testant revivals, excitement is carried to excess, and make t!ie end aimed at. In Catholic retreats and missions, it is wisely managed, and made simply a moans. So far, for the mere philosophy of the matter. But, for the theology of it, we must resort to the principles of the Catholic Faith. And, tried by thiB unerring standard, Protestant revivals must be condemned as pretending to be the work of tlie Holy Ghost, but in reality having no supernatural grace, and therefore being an illusion, caused by a merely human and evanescent excitement. Retreats and missions must be approved, because they are a vehicle of the supernatural graces and gifts of God. The Holy Ghost is in the Catholic Church ; the grace of God is with the preaching of the Divine Word, the administration of the Sacraments, and all other acts of the ministry. The Catholic priest preaches with authority from Heaven; he pro claims a certain and divine faith ; he can reconcile the sinner to God in the sacrament of penance, give him the body of Jesus Christ in the sacrament of the altar, and, if empowered to do so by the Pope, a plenary indulgence for his sins. He tells the sinner, who wishes to be reconciled with God, and to live in such a way as to be sure of pleasing him, and meriting heaven, what he has to do ; and he tells him with authority and unerring certainty, as the minister of an Infallible Church. Retreats and missions have an extraordinay grace attached to them, because they were devised by saints, and have the sanction and blessing of the Vicar of Jesus Christ. For this reason it is, that they produce such wonderful and lasting results. It is by these results that they must be judged ; by the moral and spiritual benefit which they impart to the individual soul and to a community. We have s«en, already t how the system of revivals, and the whole system of Protestantism, breaks down under this test. With them, the ultimate point reached is an excitement of the feelings. In the Catholic Church this is re garded in itself as worthless. Feelings of sensible devotion do not constitute the essence of piety. Sometimes they proceed from nature, sometimes from the devil, and sometimes from God. When they proceed from God, they are not to be rested in, as an end, but to be accepted and used as an auxiliary means for the attainment of solid virtue. When, therefore, a Catholic missionary has drawn a crowded congregation to church — when he sees them attentive to the truths of the Divine Word, serious, moved in conscience, perhaps weeping.-tmd showing other signs of strong emotion, he does not rest there, and he is not at all satisfied with what he has gained. Each one of that multitude has to be brought, alone, to kneel at his feet, and disclose the wounds and diseases of his soul. There, he will not be let off with expressing a 'trust in the merits of Christ,' or 'indulging a hope,' or 'professing to have 'passed from death unto life,' or even professing to be resolved to ' love God with all his heart, and act always from the pure love of God.' It may be that he is already in the grace of God, as hundreds and thousands arc, who come to the confessional. If, so, there is no question of reconciling him to God noiv, and his confession, though a source of sanctifying grace to him, is a Bhottand simple affair. But we wish to speak of the sinner ; for it is for such, chiefly, that missions are given. Perhaps this sinner is a drunkard ; if so, he has to renounce his drunkenness, and take the means of avoiding the occasion of it in future. Perhaps he keeps a vile haunt of drunkenness ; if so, he must renounce his infamous business. He may be unlawfully married ; and if so, unless his case comes within the reach of the church's power, he must break these ties. Or he may be impure; and he must break off every un lawful connection, and renounce every such sin, even in thought or desire. He has calumniated some person, or is at enmity ; he must go and make re paration, and be reconciled. He has committed an injustice ; he must make restitution, even though it be of thousands of dollars. Thus, every one has to examine his conscience and life, to place the result beforea spiritual judge and physician, and specifically to detect and renounce every mortal sin which he has committed. The Catholic missionary is not, however, satisfied with reconciling to God for the present moment all who ate in a state of sin. He seeks to produce a permanent change in them. And he bends till his efforts' to instruct them, to place in their hands means of perseverance, and to bring them to commence a holy and virtuous-life, andto persevere in it until death. What the actual results of Catholic missions are, could only be known by collecting' the testimony of the pastors, in whose congregations they have been given, and of the people themselves. The immediate, practical re sults are manifest to all. The conversion of the most impious, the most negligent, the most vicious, and most completely abandoned, is obvious; Ihe sudden and almost total cessation of drunkenness, and every species of disorder and immorality, is equally so. Great numbers of adults, even of thoso advanced in years, receive for the first time the Sacraments ; and young people, particulary those living in the country and neglected by their parents, in great numbers are instructed and prepared for their first communion. Restitutions ate made in great numbers, and sometimes to a laige amount. Occasionally, an' instance which becomes necessarily public, finds its way into the papers. But the greater number of cases remain for ever unknown. With few exceptions, the mass of the Catholic people who are reached by the mission receive the Sacraments with every appearance of sincerity and good-will. It is impossible to doubt that the majority of them are really, for the time being, sincerely penitent, and in a state of re conciliation with God. This alone, by itself, is an immense good done. Jesus Christ died on the cross to give the grace of God even to those who by their own fault abuse and forfeit it. The Catholic priest should be animated by the same spirit, and be satis fied to destroy mortal sin, and communicate the grace and mercy of God to sinners, to the greatest extent possible, without considering how many of the souls benefitted by his labors will be finally saved or lost. When a thousand, or five thousand souls receive the Sacraments, the question, how many of these will persevere, and be finally saved, is one that God alone can answer. The Catholic Church does not believe in irresistible or inamissible grace. She gives no one a warrant* of hia final salvation, on the ground that he has ' experienced a change,' or ' been converted.' She gives no security even to one of her own baptized children, who at present has a moral certainty that he is in a state of grace, that he will persevere. ? The kingdom of heaven must be merited by good works, and con quered by a long, hard, and victorious combat When we inquire, therefore, for the permanent and final results of a successful mission, we are met by great difficulties. It is made an objection by some to missions, that their effects disappear, that the good produced is temporary, and that a large portion relapse into mortal sin. We concede, in part, the truth of the assertion. But the very same objection may be made against the sacraments of Penance, Confirmation, and Communion ; against the Paschal season, ngainst the ordinary ministration of the Divine Word and Sacraments, against the sacrament of Baptism, against the Church, against the Cross of Jesus Christ, against the grace and mercy of God himself. The effects of all these are, apparently, to a great extent, nullified by sin, and swallowed up by the world. We must consider, moreover, two things. First, that the lowest stratum of our Catholic population consists of a very ill instructed class of people, whose temptations are great,whose religious advantages are few.and who are plunged in many miseries, both of soul and body. Many have been addicted to vice, and negligent of all religious duties, for years. It would require a miracle to transform, at once, suoh a class of people into perfect Christians. Again, a great portion of our Catholic population is floating and migratory, so that in a large city congregation, and even to a great extent in the country, one-half, two-thirds, or three fourths of the congregation will be gone in the space of five years. Hence, the work of the priest is always beginning, and never finished ; and, do what you will, you cannot see the permanent result of your labors. Where, however there is a settled, permanent population, a good and well-prepared soil for the good seed, there the lasting fruits of a mission are to be plainly seen. In many parts of the United States there is a numerous class of edu cated persons movins in the higher aud middline walks of life, in the Catholic community. There is, also, a far more numerous class of energetic and in ? dustrious emigrants, who are scattering themselves through thecountry towns, buyingfarms, and forming an agricultural class, remarkable for morality, for the domestic and family virtues, for industry and tem poral prosperity, and for a certain wholesome and charming character of rural simplicity, innocence, frankness, and ignorance of vice. There is, also, the large class of pious and exemplary Catholics, employed as laborers and servants, or in other of the humbler callings of life. On such the preaching of the Divine Word produces its most blessed effects, and especially on the rural population above alluded to. They and their children aTe often, to a great ex tent, uninstructed, and in former times suffered much from a lack of religious advantages. But they are most eager to avail themselves of the advantages of a mission, and they retain its graces, and manifest richly and abundantly its fruits afterwards. The Catholics of the United States, generally, have a great eagerness to hear the word of God, and a great devotion to the Sacraments, when they are invited to receive them, and special facilities are furnished them. And much as we may see of sin and vice to deplore among them, yet it is undeniable that the impression of a mission upon them produces a great and general renovation of the spirit of faith and piety. It prepares the way for their pastors to labor with more fruit and effect among them. An enthusiastic and successful mission gives the pastor a fulcrum, on which he can work with great power, and to great advantage; and it increases artd-extends, immensely, his influence over his flock/ It lightens, also, the load of his labors in a great variety of ways. It is for this that missions are intended Missionaries are for the aid and assistance of the local clergy, and missions are an adjunct to the ordinary and regular ministrations of the Church. That a mission does actually produce a very great improvement in a congregation, could easily be proved by tho testimony of pastors. Some have testified, that for a year after a mission there was no drunkenness in the parish, where before it had been the prevailing vice; others, that the number of monthly communicants had been doubled. What proportion of thpse who have been reclaimed from a vicious life persevere afterwards, can never be ascertained. Every experienced missionary, how. ever, and every parish priest, in a situation to know the facts, has personal knowledge of numbers of the worst and most wicked characters, who are perma nently reformed, and who persevere in a Christian 'life. That a certain proportion do actually continue in the grace of God,. which they have gained during the mission, and finally persevere, is I beyond a doubt. And of those who relapse, very few fall back to the point where: they were before i Though they relapse into sin, they do not become ] sach careless and habitual sinners as they were be- ' fore. Faith, conscience, and piety are quickened ' in them ; they have taken up the habit of prayer, they attend Mass; great numbers make their Easter Duty, and others come, at least occasionally, to con fession. The mission is for them a terminus'a quo. and: the probability is much greater, that at the hour of death they will receive the last sacraments with good dispositions and'save their souls; Look at'thc condition of the Masses of the poor in our cities; Reflect on the state' in which canallers, river-men, sailors, railroad operatives, and factory girls ; the wives and children of drunken fathers and hus bands ; and many other classes of human beings to whom God has given the faith and baptism in the Catholic Church, are placed in relation to virtue, piety, and final salvation ! Protestantism disowns, scorns, and neglcots such souls, for the most part, and can do nothing with them, if she tries her best. But the Catholic Gharch embraces them, and seeks to save them. The wonder is that shs does so much, not that she does so little. And whoever will con sider their condition, and the amount of good-will they show, in spite of all their misery and weakness, must believe' that God will treat them with great mercy and indulgence. How many will eventually be saved, is a matter we do not wish to enter into. There is a great difference among theologians on this point. Some consider the number of the elect as small, relatively to the whole number of the adult faithful. Others regard it as very large. It is enough for us, that Catholic missions, in con junction with the labours of zealous parish priests, are among the most powerful means for saving souls that God has given to His Church. The con version of Protestants is also a frequent effect of missions, not lightly to be passed over. There is nothing so well calculated to arrest the attention of the Protestant community, and to make a favourable rapression upon it; and this, experience has llready abundantly proved, and we may hope will prove still more abundantly in the future. The jonvetsion of ProteBtants is a frequent occurrence n missions. Within seven years, several hundreds, it least, among whom are many of the first grade of intelligence and' social position, have been received into the Catholic Church on missions. And here we may conveniently observe, that the method of lealing with an individual on these occasions is just the opposite of the method of the revivalists, which we have above condemned as unreasonable and precipitate. In addressing Catholics, a Catholic preacher exhorts them to nothing which they are not already firmly convinced they ought to do, arid the only object of his effort is, to bring them to obey tiie dictates of their reason, their faith, and their conscience. In the case of a non-Catholic, he is nut hurried into an unreasonable and imprudent act, on tlie spur of blind excitement, but he is care fully instructed aud examined on the grounds of faith, and is received into the Church only on a calm and intelligent conviction of the truth, a firm and a reasonable faith in the Catholic doctrine. Another objection against missions made by some is, that they cause people to become cracked oi crazy. Very few such cases ever occur. When they do happen, the individuals are usually predisposed to it, and of that morbid temperament that the least unusual excitement sets them astray. The fault ill such cases lies with the parties themselves, or their injudicious friends who allow them to attend the exercises of the mission. Every prudent priest would forbid them to do so. If a missionary happens to meet such a person, he does his utmost to sooth his mind, and to induce him to stay at home aud keep quiet. Business, politics, Btudy, aud every other human pursuit may be followed to excess, and occasion derangement, and so may re ligion. In a vast institution like the Catholic Church, there must be some weak-minded and foolish people, and some mismanagers. And through the imprudence of individuals these incidental evils may and must sometimes occur. But they are not to be laid at the door of the Catholic Religion, or its institutions. On the contrary, for the scrupulous, the timid, and those who are unduly depressed in spirits and too much troubled about their spiritual condition, thsre is no remedy like the confessional for calming, tranquillizing, and invigorating the soul. The Catholic Church is the perfection of wisdom in a human and in a supernatural view. She is a masterpiece, unquestionably, as heretics and infidels are wont reluctantly to confess. But she is the workmanship of God, and her excellence is from Him. The different sects, devised by men, and carried on by merely human skill, may have each something which is admirable and appears to give them a likeness to her. One may have a beautiful and impressive liturgy, a quiet and orderly discip line, and a method of administering the Church pleasing to the educated and refined* Another may have more popular ways, and a more working zeal. Another may have tenacity.of doctrine, and a fourth a merciful and indulgent spirit. But the Catholic Church is able to combine everything into a perfect and majestic whole. The splendor of a princely hier archy and the poverty of an austere monastioistn, stationary bodies of parochial clergy, and movable corps of Alissionaries, the sublimity of the highest philosophy and theology and the most popular forms of teaching and preaching, the calm majesty of liturgical worship, the routine of regular sermons and services, and the more exciting spiritual exercises of a mission ; all these she is able to unite in one harmonious system, and by these and a thousand similar means, she is able to accomplish every species of good, to reach every class and every individual, to adapt her methods to every age and every nation and thus to accomplish her divine task of sanctifying and saving the worid. 