cHIINA. Bgy way of Maturitius we obtnin the fol lowing particulais, extracted from the Calcutta Englishmoam of August GtlI, of a most dishastios engagemn between the English and Chinese forces in the River Peibo. RLENEWAL OF WAR. DI-ASTnoUS Dh FEAT OF TiuE BUTl'IS1i. Dy the Fiery Crees wve have paper. from Hongkong to the 19th, Singapore to the 290th and Penang to the 30th nIlt. Th'lie Fiery Cross left Cajita oil theio 19th, and Singapore on the 30th of July, and Pen ang on the slet of August. She brings most disastrous iitelligence of a renewal of the war in Chine, for no purpose that we can imlagine, except, to gracify a whim of the Admiraln , who chose ratlher to at temlpt to force a passage by the usual channel of the Peibo, than to proceed by another which the Chinese autborities told him was open for him. A disgraceful defeat wasthe consequence and the destruction of two of the attack ing squadrons. The report says that the fire of the Chinese batteries was evidently directed by Europeansi, and the Hlongkong aner concludets that they must have been Russians. It is much more pr obable that they were the Europeann pirates driven out of the Canuton rivers by our cruisers, for the Cuinese are known to have murdered the Russians at Pekin. Hlow Admiral Hope will answer for this calamity we know not. We are informed that the Ad wiral was rwarned by people at H-ongklong not to attempt the Peibo, as the Chinese wetre well prepared to oppose him. He has been guilty of the most dangerous of all faults in war, that of despising his enemy. It is the snore mortifying because the Chinese were evidently sincere, as they nhave allowed the American Ambassador to pass up to Pekin by the passage indicated. Indeed, had they laid i trap in that chan nel, they would have put thiemselvos de cidedly in the wrong, whereas they have now evidently justice as well as success on their side. rie worst part of the busi ness is, that if, as has never Ibeen surmised, they are desirous of getting rid of the treaty, they now have it legitimate reason for declaring it void as to the English andt French, who have so wantonly commenced Lostilities. The mail steamer Aden arrived from Shangnhai yesterday aftenoont, having left that Port 0on the 12th inst. She brings advices of the defeat of thie British forces at the month of the Peibo-a catastrophe which reflects more disgrace on her Ma jesty's arms than .anything that has hap pened since her accusion. Mtir. Biuce arrived off the Peiho on the 18th ilt., where the British force had been consecrated. Somne messages were ex changed between the British Minister's suite ant some mandarins of inferior rank on shore. 'The tenor of these messages was to the effect that foreign Ministers and suites would be received in Pekin, if they would proced by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Peibo, which river it was intimuated foreign men-of war should not enter. Mr. Bruce finally de clared that hlie would force ain entrance, entrance, antd leaving the matter in Admi ral Hope's hands the attempt was madle on the 2th tilt. ''The fobllowing extracts will detail the lamentable result: We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we unhesitatingly re cord our conviction that such is series of complicated hungles is not to be found in British annals. It is a inatter of sincere congratuliation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral I-Iolte, it beinig ntuun datly clear that if the fource h ad been doublhtl or trebled the only difference which would have resulted would bove been teo augmnented ratio of the casualties. A similar attack by lautd and sea should have clearly been made whilst the flood title was running-the land force making a dletour and attacking the fortes on the sides. Besides, thie forts slhould have beoen taken in detail-after the first should have fallen the rest could have certai:,ly been shelled. Again, the position slioltul hLave ie. n reconnoitred, as it might have been sately inferred in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booms Iibud een constructed, that masked batteries were certain to be placed. lipplerary tactics are scientific in com Paruson to the mud counrse pursued. Th'I'e flotilla was all placed in piosition-that is to say, the entire sonea force was run into the tr1p1 which hadrl been mtitle and provided. After it bad been destroyed, ot- coiiptletely tiefeated, which occusitie some hoary, the lanuf force ws sent fot-, fIat the ebb title wils running so strong that they could not be brought up for 0otta tiun. When they at fist did come, they asre landed near law water on a soft inuid-hittik, almost in the frce of those vic:osions batteries, without any material to meet the dilictul ties of thue cse; two diitabes interveneuf, and the sfnd of it was tliht fifty of our brave fellows reached the us1l without a scaliag.lderfjf5 em a dry crttrridge. WV by, haul the whole of the Ionyal I'd irines in tue asrvica bhrt lanifeit untuter such circcuiim stanree, witct ditffireitce, 'in asic, cotild there hlave been in thin result. ' tilt not beliuve one woid about the Euperiarjoit of the Chinese giuner.y. TIhiey eheld the fiotilla go intat' time trap-they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelming-and, China-like, they be came elated, and worked hard at the guns there was nothing to drive lthem from. Renemebering how the RIns-inn llijister dogged Lord Elgin's steps lust year; bearing in mind tihe intrigues he madle whilst the T'eintin I egotiations were going on; not forgeotling the accession of Chircese territory which the Russians made on the Amoor just about that time ; and seeing, moreover, that there is no Russian Ambas sador, nons dogging the steps of the Bri tish Minister, or, indeed iear thie scene ot action, it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimized to Russian machina tions. Moreover, it is known that the Russians made one of the stipulations for tie territory they filched thie payment by them to the Cjirieas of Haven hrunirnd can non-as it the Chinese would have made such a demanui unless tiry had bern tolu to do so I \We do not think there were nov Rus siuns in the forts, because our troops were assrile'i by giugals and arrows; but that soule Russian engineer planned the bat teries end stockades, and laid down thu 1pl:1an of tio trap, there c.n be no doubt, Russian guns being of course iused. WVe Ipresume the United States iinister will prene-d to Plnkin, andt willbe Hcll re ceived there, whe: be wrill be used as a ueditat.r. IDoubtless, HIIeenfurn's wounded honour being now healed, His Celestiul Injesty would come to an easy settlement it we would Jet hbin have his own way. Our right to torce a passage to 'T'einrtsiu is very ques!ionable, particularly as a sale conduct nwas offered our Ministers by ano ther route, and an raudience promised. 'l'his, of course, would have ended in smoke; but still it fores a Celestial pretext. It is a sorrowful atffair, and besides the valuable lives lost, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should be rein Iforced, and nother attack made imme diately. 