PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY. In the Legislative Council-. The Police Rate Bill was read a first time. " Statistics of South Australia for 1858 were laid upon the table. A return of pensioners within the province was laid on the table. Amendments in the Census Bill and Offences by Forgery Statute Law Consolidation Bill made by the Assembly were agreed to. A message was received from His Excellency intimating that provision would be made for organizing an armed force within the province. The Council adjourned till the following Tuesday, in the House of Assembly Petitions were presented From' the Great Eastern or Magill line of road, praying that road might be returned in the schedule of main roads. From the District Council of Mount Crawford, praying for a main road to connect that district with the main road to Lyndoch Valley. From the inhabitants of Noarlunga, praying that justice might be done in reference to the Main South road. The report of the Committee upon the petition against Mansfield's Patent Bill, stated that the allegations in the petition were proved. A return showing the officers in connection with the department of the Inspector of Sheep, who had obtained leave of absence, was laid upon the table. The Police Rate Bill was read a third time and passed. The House adopted an address to His Excellency, praying that £1,000 might be placed on the Estimates as a reward to the first person crossing from this colony to the north-western or northern shore of this continent. A Bill to define the main roads of the province was read a first time. A schedule of main roads, recommended by the Central Road Board, was laid upon the table. The Customs Act Amendment Bill was read a second time and passed through Committee. Messages were received from His Excellency, intimating that £3,209 3s. had been placed on the Estimates for police purposes, and £6,000 for the formation of an armed force in the province. Documents relating to the establishment of telegraphic communication, by way of India, between Great Britain and the colony were laid upon the table. A Bill to extend the Gawler Town Railway from Section 1411 to Kapunda was read a first time and referred to a Select Committee. Messages were received from the Legislative Council, intimating that they had agreed to amendments made by the Assembly in the Census Bill, and the Offences by Forgery Statute Law Consolidation Bill. It was stated that the resolution of the House in reference to the war had been forwarded by the last mail. It was stated there was no truth in the report that a number of immigrants by the James Jardine had left for Melbourne. Statistics of South Australia for 1858 were laid upon the table. The House adjourned till the following Tuesday. ONE THOUSAND Pounds will be given by the Parliament of South Australia to any person who will start from Adelaide or from Port Augusta, and cross the continent, striking the coast line anywhere between the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Tropic. This includes an immense sweep of seaboard, and would enable the explorer to select any route he might prefer between due north and north-west. "We believe the public generally will approve this vote. Hitherto our expensively fitted expeditions have been expensive failures, and little or nothing more. At all events, they have not secured to the community at large any advantages worthy of the outlay, and we believe that nine persons out of ten are heartily tired of Government exploring expeditions. At the same time it is highly desirable both for scientific and commercial purposes that the centre of the map of Australia should be filled up, and that well-directed , efforts should continue to be made with a view to cross the continent, and thus to solve the grand problem of a central sea, or a central desert. < We have already informed our readers of Mr. Stuart's magnificent discovery of rich and well watered country discovered some 300 miles further north than Babbage's and Warburton's farthest. Of course we have not as yet any detailed particulars of Mr. Stuart's travels, but we shall not run much risk when we assert our firm belief that what he has discovered is really good country. Fears have been expressed that the fresh waters reported by him are only surface waters, and that the river three miles broad is only an immense shallow rain-pond. Of course, " Rumour" must speak ; but we shall be more ready to believe Mr. Stuart and we have that gentleman's authority for saying that only one shower of rain fell during the J whole time he was out, and that scarcely enough to wet him through. He believes that the waters he has discovered are permanent springs, and for the present we must take his statement. The motion for offering a reward of £1,000 was tabled by Mr. Hawker, who induced the House to suspend the Standing Orders to enable him to introduce the motion without the delay attendant upon formal notices. Several hon. members in the course of the debate regretted that a higher amount had not been named ; but the general feeling was that Mr. Hawker had sufficient reasons for proposing the sum already mentioned, and that the reward of £1,000 from South Australia would only be our share to the general contribution, which would doubtless be made to recompense the successful adventurer a contribution to which Victoria, New South Wales, and other Australian colonies would gladly subscribe, and to a share in which Great Britain herself would proudly lay claim. Mr. Hawker's motion made no distinct reference to Mr. Stuart, and the reward would in fact be paid to any person who might cross the country as indicated ; but the Assembly eagerly passed the resolution, on account of Mr. Hawker's statement that Mr. Stuart would start in less than a week if the motion was carried. We have since been informed that Mr. Hawker is not quite correctly informed on this matter, and that Messrs. Chambers and Finke Mr. Stuart's backers will not equip him in prospect of a reward which would be all absorbed, and 50 per cent more, in providing for the journey. These gentlemen, however, will do well to remember that the exploration of the Australian interior is a question in which South Australia bears but a fractional interest. The whole civilised world would rejoice to do honor to the man who, by performing such an exploit, would be deserving of the highest eulogies, and the most substantial reward. The £1,000 would be a mere " nest egg ;" but we will not dwell on this view of the question. The idea of mapping out the heart and core of this great island- continent is too glorious to be estimated by pecuniary gratuities, and the service is of too heroic a character to be made dependent upon votes proposed and debated in a Committee of Finance. The man who makes known to the world the secret of the interior of this continent must he suitably rewarded, and the Government in placing the sum of £1,000 on the Estimates, merely recognise their obligations in this particular, and set the example to other parts of the British dominions. Should Mr. Stuart proceed on this mission, and return successful, a triumphant ovation will await him and it is much more likely that in the exuberance of their enthusiasm the public will err on the side of excess than on that of niggardliness. We believe Mr. Stuart is the man to achieve a distinction such as no explorer has ever yet achieved, and we trust he will at once be placed in a position to carry Ms plans to perfection. THE Commissioner of Public Works has introduced his new Main Roads Bill, and should it give rise to extensive discussion the case will certainly be one of "much ado about nothing." The Bill literally contains nothing, except a schedule, and the schedule contains nothing but a reprint of the old list of main roads. It is well known that the Central Road Board have advised the expunging of certain main lines of road from the schedule at present existing, and it was expected that the Government Bill to " define the main lines " would have embodied the policy of the Government on this question. But there is not the ghost of a policy in it at all the Bill aiming at nothing more than simply to declare that the former Acts defining the main roads shall be repealed, and that a new schedule shall be framed, the said new schedule being identical with the old one. The Commissioner of Public Works at the same time laid upon the table the new scheme of roads proposed by the Central Road Board, which will, we presume, be discussed in Committee consentaneously with the new-old schedule included in the Bill. Certainly the course adopted by the Government is one theatre's lieves them of the whole difficulty and reports. bility of initiating legislative action upon this most critical of questions ; but it occurs to us as being a rather remarkable mode of legislation, although doubtless it will be equally acceptable with any other mode. As to the grand scheme of obliteration proposed by the Road Board, we are sure the Parliament will never agree to it. It is only a few days since the sum of £400 was voted to a gentleman at Brighton, because a road was run through his sections some 18 years ago ; yet in the face of this the country is asked to sanction the much greater injustice of expunging main lines from the schedule. We should like some one well versed in political Rule of Three to solve this question : If one gentleman is entitled to receive £400 for being supplied with a road, how much are 500 persons entitled to who have their road taken away from them ? It will be seen in our Parliamentary report that a petition in favor of retaining the Magill main line on the schedule was presented to the House of Assembly on Tuesday, signed by 559 persons. THE Register is on its legs again, and inviting us to " come on," and do battle for the mineral leases. We see, however, that our contemporary has betaken himself to a corner, and will doubtless, in the crab-like process of his advance, be ere long found in the fourth page amongst the impounding notices. This journal has endeavoured to uphold the legality of the regulations of 1859, under which a fine of not less than £5 per acre is made payable by the lessee on a renewal of his lease the Register, on the contrary, has sought most painfully to prove that the regulations are illegal, and that the renewal ought to be covenanted for in the lease at a minimum price of £1 instead of £5. We should have some time ago quitted this subject, satisfied that we had made it clear enough to every ordinary comprehension, but the Register feeling that it has the worst case, is naturally solicitous to have the last word, and insists upon being allowed another chance. Well ; our contemporary is a cormorant as respects appetite for flogging and although it is inconvenient to us to be called upon to inflict chastisement every morning, we suppose we must administer the further castigation solicited at our hands. The little article in the corner of the Register on Tuesday morning wound up with reference to a challenge in a former number, which challenge called upon us to substantiate something we had not affirmed. Instead of doing this we took the more reasonable course of sub- stantiating what we had affirmed, and of over- turning what had been affirmed by the Register. But all to no purpose our contemporary, though unhorsed one moment, is in the saddle ^ again the next, and performs the feat so nimbly that, supposing no one saw him remount, he dashingly asserts he never lost his seat. It has been said of the British soldier that he does not know when he's beaten and so it is with our contemporary; who is, moreover, aptly represented by Goldsmith's Village Schoolmaster that astonishing prodigy of learning and science, who " In arguing showed wond'rous skill, For e'en, though beaten, he could argue still" We quote from memory, and may very likely have given some particle in the above incorrectly, but if we have our indomitable critic will soon furnish the necessary emendation. But we must not forget the " challenge" which the Register in its impression of Tuesday thus feels called upon to " repeat" : " TVe now repeat the challenge, and call upon him to produce from our columns our defence of the terms on -which a renewal has been promised to Mr. Chambers. These are his own words, and we demand from him proof of their cot- - rectness or an acknowledgment of his error " Now this is something like a challenge - although our contemporary should not say he repeats it as the former " challenge" omitted the important word " renewal," upon which word our whole argument has turned. However, we are happy to get to a point at last, and we cheer- fully respond to the demand now made upon us. We are challenged to produce from the columns of the Register a defence of the terms upon which a renewal of his lease has been promised to Mr. Chambers. Well, we quote the two following paragraphs from the Register of July 9th, and hope they will be considered satisfactory : " The question at issue between our contemporary and ourselves is has the Governor a right to determine that no lease shall be renewed without a payment of 22 an acre, when the Legislature has enacted that leases may be renewed on payment of 5 per acre." From the Reyhter, July 9. Our contemporary there states that leases may be renewed on payment of £1 per acre, and this is exactly the terms upon which renewal has been promised to Mr. Chambers. The Register thus justifies the amount inserted in the lease, by stating that it is the amount authorised by the Legislature. The next extract condemns the application of the new regulations to the particular lease or leases in question. " The Legislature secured to the lessee the right of demanding a second lease on payment of a sum proportioned to the value of the property held, not being less than 25 per acre ; but the Government deprive him of that right, and would compel him to pay at least £5 an acre, whether the property is worth it or not. And this, we say, is in direct contravention of the spirit of the law, and subversive of those interests which the Legislature carefully guarded." Now, we put it to our readers whether these two quotations do not amount to a defence of the terms upon which a renewal has been promised to Mr. Chambers ? "What are the terms of that renewal The payment of a special fine of £1 per acre. Is not this what the Register, in the first paragraph, says the Legislature has " enacted? " And does not the Register, in the second paragraph, say that if Mr. Chambers is made to pay £5, the Government will deprive him of his right ? We think that every person who re- members that Mr. Chambers has a covenant of renewal at £1 per acre, must see that the Register has defended that arrangement. Had our contemporary limited the dispute to the simple question whether it was competent to the Governor to proclaim a £5 minimum fine, he would have been able at least to have taken refuge in the glorious uncertainty of the law. The question would then have been purely one of legal interpretation the legal interpretation of the clause in the Waste Lands Act, authorizing the issue of regulations. But when he advances beyond the legal question, and denies that he has defended the terms on which Mr. Chambers's right of renewal is granted, we point to the extracts given above, and refer generally to the various articles published in the Register on the subject. If the Register disapproves of the terms on which the renewal is granted what is all the dispute about We have disapproved of them from the first. But the public know very well that whoever maybe right, we and our contemporary differ ; they also know that we defend the £5 minimum, and that the Register defends the £1 minimum; and they also know that in defending this minimum the Register' defends the terms on which the renewal of Mr Chambers's lease is promised. We thus, in deference to the demand of our contemporary, make good our statement. PARLIAMENT IS ADJOURNED until Tuesday next, in order to enable the Select Committees to forward their business. We may state that various important statistical documents have just been presented to the Assembly, to which we shall speedily direct the attention of our readers. Amongst these is the Customs returns for the quarter ending 30th June last. We shall make a comparative examination of these returns with those of former years in the meanwhile,' it may be remarked that the total imports retained in the colony for home consumption in the quarter specified, are valued at £251,392, and the total exports of South Australian produce, at £240,715. The total Customs' duties received during the quarter, are given at £30,589. The immigration for the quarter is-male adults, 489 ; female adults, 267 ; children, 171 ; total, 927. Emigration is set down at-308 male adults, 183 female adults, and 97 children ; total, 587 ; balance in favor of arrivals, 340. THE MINERAL LEASES-The. Neales has notified his intention to move for a return showing the various amounts paid for rent of mineral lands since 1850, with the names of the persons paying the same, and the acreage leased to each person ; also, by whose authority the said leases were granted. We have on former occasions remarked that the mineral leases granted to Messrs. Chambers and Finke were by no means solitary instances of the kind and we presume that Mr. Neales is officially aware of facts and circumstances connected with this question which, if they do not extenuate his own conduct, will at least prove that there are other persons who must bear their share of the blame which has hitherto fallen almost exclusively on Mr. Neales. EXTENT OF LAND SOLD A Paper has just been laid before Parliament, showing the total acreage of lands sold in this colony from its foundation to the present time. The aggregate amounts to nearly two millions of acres, distributed as follows: Acres sold. In the Northern District .1,033,629 In the North-eastern District . 21-14 in the Southern District . 312,486 In the South-eastern District .... 294,382 In the County Flinders District . 12,035 In the South-east District . 94,026 Total .1,94Ï,Ï06 The first four districts are those which have been adopted by the Central Road Board, the two concluding districts are additional. 