i THE KOMAN CATHOLlc^CHÛRoir0* TT Ml«»;-: £T,A\LEHEIII Father in his wisdom ha? teen at io defor \h. prcse?t «>e Hol, now Sec,. TheHightHer. Dr G^Ä Ô« Ä0'01^ highly valued friend, 1, the Bishop eleet of AdcWde S m°Wo «4 emion is proposed for the 8lh ¿roxlrao at MelW»?'1'S11« request or him your earnest prayers that tho snrÄi m « Hol, Spirit may gutdo and "&_£ "__ ¿ Z Afe^ efforts to establish through Tour VW10M mliA'Jí.leBi»í funds adequate to tho emorgenoiei we haw^{?Tdl,w«% Thero Bcems to be no lack nf ,«,. ta P»«Ptet. faithful; some even haverc.roaohcdusof,Ä am°"«" «» warmness in the propagaiÄTr nay Pahh 0le^,r* [^ longer any imaginable" colour for «uXaYu7nmatton'bvC*M by your snored office, leader» «nd guides;let?T,nT ?S"». shino before men, that they miy SM your good Work7^Äht» 5'0KU,ruFl""-'ruWh0 '"in Heaven.» If ft bo true Zt th. ?d 8lMl* which has been your lot, has not Mtherto braaeh f^.S??"11! rich and various as were to have been expected TÄ fn".U« beginning that all may say "hxoosi; mmafln Ä ""î a ,r«k Everything calls for activity\ri^challenge, «n?Ä0^1''' bo exemplary. Give system and permwenw ¿,Ä°! «" 7cnl which may else be transitory, and whioli m"l?{ V^P"1'1T whilst ti lives. New ocntresofacüon and unityZTebTr,e? I they are already in contemplation. New ïe£ai'.kÎWi Go.l'a army against schism, and self, «ii 21,1!"« and indifference have been oa ed 'for .ÎÏ^^ workings of our Lord's Providence will ' in u ","' time cal them forth ; it will be for you andT., s ^ > ready with tho needful preparation. Nor IstJ?f flt>ck» to be hierarchy tho only considerado« that invokes vou, Sn Í °« The position of the church with respect ioth/.»Iifcl"1 ,ffor" may ohmgo at any moment. WhTi*àlWAW1' enemies, some who aro honestly, though most m «ti . B"V ¡ruine in their ixpeotaUon. that the maso?Hie Ä *§'mi larly and constantly, untnnuencid by private feffi^T" i ward to discharge u self-denying duty -some »»" 1*' Com,e a del.bcrato attention to act as the oipric"Tf neÄl T!tl likes t"wnrdi particular men may? dlouSo IS?" ""^or aij service is left by Divino will wholly to men's ohS o »Wf10T sense a matter of obligation cither in degree cr ¿Meei .."^1°° others, many, it is to be feared, who are Indifferent t"n'n.id a!ata peet-, and duties of Christian faith. Ii preicnTof ° îk £° T* and amidst the uncertainties of popular govTraLilT"TmI"> especial voice, and is now invi ingyouVÄSS1» "î your vocation by the promptitude and rWíewrmíLÍ? 5onour,0' devotion. Only lead on ?onr flacks »d doTt not 'tZ 1 follow. Whoever amongst ihcm has the true heart rtrSOT faith will infallibly recognise and love the call oI°A'.î wiri lovT "r0 eab" 0t "' °Wn dcula 0l cÄUoSS We leave in your hands almost all details. EmeeMW VA place at your discretion tho power of using, In what S Z modo you mayjudgo best, the co-operation of the laltrinüí collection of funds, tho adjust. ent of accounts «5 i devising plans to be sublnltted to the prop« «It rity, such as may be though', expedient for tb¡ interests of religion in your several localities. Wv..? ever freedom of action anyone^ peculiar position or talentiZ lend him to desire shall bo freely conceded lo tue utmost tita. consistent with good order and episcopal rcsponsiblliiv, ffs ranko only this one rule, and that in order to secure munn' certainty of action It regards simply the «mea for theiS. lions in the ohurchos. They should bo made on thcSntSmS» of every month iu tho year. Eight of these monthly collecüm, shall provide, in connexion with tho Societv for the ProniritZ of the Faith, the general fund for the wann of the AtohK» and four, the first of cnoh quarter, shall be devoted to the educa tion, tho outfit, and passage or clergy who limd themselves to the" mispion of this colony. Also, at every station, the faithful still bo exhorted to diiobargo their duty in this regard, and two baits »caring respectively the inscriptions, " For the Propagation of lfi Faith," and "Por tho eduction, &c;, of Clergy," shall he placed permanently in every church. Tho result shall be periodically published for the oommon information of the clem and laity, and to tho end that in holy rivalry through evervdio. ceso and district you moy "provoke each other to love nirood" to works." Gird yourselves then to the task ; you see TOUT calling and your privilege; wo aro but interpreting to rou the mode of providing for moro clergy centres indeed in the Mori, denco of our Divine Master. Thoresponsibillly is the Archbishop's, but it cmbraoes in Us obligation every priest In his own dlatrieÜ Accept, we entreat you, then our Lord's invitation, "Ths fields aro whito for tho harvest " Let the self-devotion ot the few reapers who ore now hero call forth many fellow labourers, mr the Everlasting God, F.ther, Son, and Holy Ghost. uuDlreud bless the labour of your hand« and hearts. Amen. , . + JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. St. Mary's. August 26th. 1810._ ' ' REDFERN MUNICIPALITY.-Pursuant to advertise ment, a meeting of the electors of Waterloo Ward favourable to the election of Messrs. Hayes, Powell, and Lodge was held at Mr. Byrnes', Bullmaming. street, Waterloo Estate, on Tuesday evening, when there was a very numerous attendance. Mr, T. Burnet was voted to the chair. Before the immediate business was proceeded with a party in the room stated that he had heard that a movement was going forward to induce the returning-officer to appoint a second polling-place in Pitt-street for Surry Hills Ward, and he thought if that was done there ought to bo other polling- places in the other wards. Mr. Powell «aid he beheved the statement was correct ; he had met a, person that evening who had told him that they would have a polling-place in Redfern for Surry Hills. As an elector of Surry Hills Ward he was opposed to this, because if there was a pollirig-place there, another ought to be fixed at Mount Lachlan to accommodate the voters residing there. He was quite satisfied with the poll- ing places as appointed by the returning-officer,buthè would move that a requisition should be immediately got up and sent to the returning-officer that evening, requesting him if any alteration was made in the poll- ing places to appoint one at Mount Lachlan, Mi, Cains seconded the resolution, stating that if such an arrangement was made he would lend one of his houses free of charge for the purpose. An elector stated that if any change was made he would move that there be another polling-place appointed for AVaterloo AVaid as well, somewhere about Newtown, so as to accommodate the electors to the westward o[ the AVaterloo Estate, and at King's Clear. If the gentlemen in Pitt-street did not like to go as far as Surry Hills to vote, he did not see why the working men should be compelled to come all the way from King's Clear to Botany Road. He would, therefore, include the Waterloo Ward in any requisition which might he got up. After some further discussion condemnatory of any alteration in the polling-places, the resolution was put and carried, and a requisition embodying the iesolution was immediately drawn up and «gied by nearly every person present. The following com- mittee, with power to add to their number, was then formed, for the purpose of securing the election of Hayes, Powell, and Lodge ¡-Messrs. T. Burnett H. C. Mailey, John Mears, W. Bartram, V. Davis, Charles Cains, George Edward AVood, C. Sharpe, T. Brophey, E. Byrnes, and T. Wright. Avoteot thanks was then given to the chairman, who returaeo thanks, and observed that he hoped the present , meeting was not quite of the same opinion as one | which was held a few evenings ago on the Botany Road where some discussion took place as io whethei the proceedings should be published or not, and it was decided that they should not be published. His wish was that nil publicity should be giren to their meeting, for they intended to act ali fair ano above-board. This announcement was received wtfl cheering, nnd the meeting then Aspersed.-Anotn« meeting was held on the same evening, at the iwp Oak, George-street, Redfern, of parties iwurabletoue election of Misrs. Birkett, Wild, and Ellison, for Redfern Ward. The meeting was very numerous y attended, Mr. Murphy occupying the chair; ano «re also a working committeo was formed, with power i add to their number. The subject of additional pou ing places was again brought forward, and toe neces- sity of having a polling-place for Pitt-«»»' pretty generally deprecated. After considerable UB cussion, it was agreed that a requisition snouia m > mediately drawn up and forwarded to the "NT'«' officer, requesting him, in the event of any change being made, to appoint a polling-place in »}<"";>)y that the mechanics and others whose work compelí« them to be in Sydney all day, might have the omw tunitv of voting without losing their time, inem ing generally expressed its concm renee in the amu. ments made by the returning-officer, DM _»« opinion that if any change at all was i»T*«^ rests of the working man should be considered ^^u as those of the gentleman. A requmtom »«" drawn up and immediately signed by »° CT. tes and upwards of thirty electors. The candid^ having expressed their opinions ^"Vr,., WCIe quirements of the municipality, which op""»»" ( well received by the meeting, a well f°nJ$l ^ thanks was given to the chairman, to *T" ^ gentleman appropriately responded, ano me then separated. . u before CORONER'S INQUEST. -An inquest was held before the City Coroner, at the Railway Hotel, George- street South, on Monday, on the body of a woman named Ellen Rocke, aged forty-five years. The evi- dence adduced at the inquest went to show that the deceased was a prostitute and drunkard, and had been before the Central Police Court thirty or forty times, charged with drunkenness. At about six o'clock, on Saturday morning last, she was dis- covered lying under the verandah of an office in the vicinity of Jacques' Wharf, whether she appears to have gone to obtain shelter from the rain. A bottle with a small quantity of rum in it, was found beside her. Life was extinct, but the body was still warm, as though death had taken place but a short time previous to its being found in that position. The case was reported to a police constable, who had the body removed to the Benevolent Asylum dead-house. It was the opinion of the medical man who examined the body that death had resulted from a fit of apo- plexy, induced by intemperate habits and neglect Verdict accordingly. 