DARK ROSALEEN, OR ROISIN DUBH. LITERAL TRANSLATION. Ah! Roisin, let not sorrow be upon thee because of what has happened to thee; The friars are coming over the salt seas; it is they are journeying upon the tide; Thy pardon will come from the Pope, and from Rome in the East; And spare not Spanish wine upon my Roisin dubh. The scope is long which permitted I with her, from yester- day until to-day : That I might go across mountains with her, under sails upon the tide; The Erne, too, cast I a leap over it, though great the stream ; And there was music on strings on each side of me and of my Roisin dubh. Thou hast killed me, young bride; and that it may not be better for you, And thnt my soul within may be in love upon thee ; and not yesterday nor to- day, Thou hast left me weak, faint, in look and figure ; Fal not upon me, and I love upon thee, ah! Roisin Dubh. I would walk, myself, the dew with thee, and desert fields, As in hope that I might get a secret from thee, or part of my will; Sweet branchlet, thou hast pledged to myself that there was love with thee to me ; And that she is the true choice, part of Munster, she, my Roisin dubh. Ah ! Roisin, mild, gentle, fairest of (the) women of round bosoms, It is thou hast left a thousand sharp pains in the right middle of my heart; Come away with me, oh! hundred loves, and I leave the land; And see! if I could, would not I myself make a queen of thee, oh, Roisin dubh ! If there were a plough with me, I would till in the face of the hills; And I would do a gospel in the midst of the Mass to my Roisin dubh; I would give a kiss to the young maiden that would give her youth to me; And I would do a subtle trick on hback of the fort with my Roisin dubh. The Erne is in her floods powerful; and hills will be rent, And the sea is in its waves red, and blood will be shed, Each valley will be a chain of mountain along Ireland, and bogs upon waving, Some day before that should perish my Roisin dubh. We have a great respect for Mr. Hardiman ; he is a brave true patriot, and we would not differ from him, except where we saw truth on one side and he on the other. He says that this is an allegorical political ballad ; but it seems to us to be the song of a priest in love. And any one who has read 'The Joviul Priest's Confession' by W alter De Mapcs, Bishop of Oxford, can well understand our meaning— that such things have been, and can be. Hear his verse : Who's not burnt that lives the life of a Salamander! What mortal man sojourning here but feels some breath of slander? When Venus goes a hunting, with beauty to expand her Mantrap, nets, and engines — by Jove I can't withstand her. We do not however claim the same license for our Irish priests that their early English brothers ex- orcised. When the latter first came to Ireland to occupy the sees of the cities — arid they made a law that no Irishman, though a bishop, should do so — when, they became disappointed with the sacred furniture and altar utensils ; in finding a wood com- munion cup, they reproached the Irish piests with their poverty, and their want of respect to their Maker — when the latter replied, with some bitterness — 'You in England have golden utensils and wooden priests ; here we reverse your rule ; for we have wooden vessels but golden priests.' But let any one read over this translation, and he will be convinced that there is not a shadow of politics from the first line to the last in the whole poem. On the contrary, he will see clearly that it was written by a priest who hoped for a dispensation from Rome, to permit him to marry his love, and renounce the church. But let us now see how Mangan acquitted himself of the task of translating that which had been so frequently attempted before— and let us ascertain whether he was equal to the height of the occasion. DARK ROSALEEN. O, my dark Rosaleen, Do not sigh, do not weep ! The priests are on the ocean green, They march along the deep. There's wine from the royal Pope, Upon the ocean green ; And Spanish ale shall give you hope, My dark Rosaleen ! My own Rosaleen ! Shall glad your heart, shall give you hope, Shall give yon health, and help, and hope, My dark Rosaleen! Over hills, and through dales, Have I roamed for your sake ; All yesterday I sailed with sails On river and on lake. The Erne, at its highest flood, I dashed across unseen, For there was lightning in my blood, My dark Rosaleen, My own Rosaleen! Oh! there was lightning in my blood, Red lightning lightened through my blood, My dark Rosaleen! All day long, in unrest, To and fro, do I move. The very soul within my breast Is wasted for you, love! The heart in my bosom faints To think of you, my queen, My life of life, my saint of saints, My dark Rosaleen! My own Rosaleen! To hear your sweet and sad complaints, My life, my love, my saint of saints, My dark Rosaleen! Woe and rain, rain and woe, Are my lot, night and noon, To see your bright face clouded so, Like to the mournful moon. But yet will I rear your throne Again in golden sheen : 'Tis you shall reign, shall reign alone, My dark Rosaleen! My own Rosaleen! 'Tis you shall have the golden throne, 'Tis you shall reign, and reign alone, My dark Rosaleen! Over dews, over sands, Will I fly, for your weal; Your holy delicate white hands Shall girdle me with steel. At home, in your emerald bowers, From morning's dawn, till e'en, You'll pray for me, my flower of flowers, My dark Rosaleen! My fond Rosaleen! You'll think of me through daylight's hours, My virgin flower, my flower of flowers, My dark Rosaleen! I could scale the blue air, I could plough the high hills, Oh, I could kneel all night in prayer, To heal your many ills! And one beamy smile from you Would float like light between My toils and me, my own, my true, My dark Rosaleen! My fond Rosaleen! Would give me life and soul anew, A second life, a soul anew, My dark Rosaleen! O ! the Erne shall run red With redundance of blood, The earth shall rock beneath our tread, And flames wrap hill and wood ; And gun-peal, and slogan cry, Wake many a glen serene, Ere you shall fade, ere you shall die, My dark Rosaleen! My own Rosaleen! The Judgment Hour must first be nigh, Ere you can fade, ere you can die, My dark Rosaleen! There, is a chaste and beautiful translation of an old Irish ballad, one which, like the ' Exile of Erin' or ' Not a drum was heard,' would surely immortalise any man capable of producing such a ballad. What a pity it was that a writer of such power was addicted to the bottle — and, not even con- tent with that, had recourse to opium ! We well remember the first appearance of this beautiful ballad in the Nation, where indeed some of his best Irish ballads were first produced. When the opium, to which this most unfortunate child of song became so great a slave, mounted to his brain, his fantasies and dreamings, sometimes committed to paper, were of the most whimsical character, the terrible and the grotesque assuming unreal shapes and shadows before him. He had the genuis of De Quincy, and more than his im- agination — but he lacked the great opium eater's common sense and strength of will to shake off a habit, which day by day strengthened itself upon his daily decreasing weaknesss. In describing those fits he was wont to heap up image upon image, giving sometimes a most thrilling description of his feel- ings, even though a farcical thought would now and then intrude, exemplifying his wayward and fantas- tic mind. He was frequently invited by his friends to share their festive boards, and he could not even restrain himself for that single occasion from his old habits. The fatal drug had chained his limbs and made his brain captive ; and once when he came to a reasonable consciousness of his appointment, he wrote the following strange rhapsody as a portion of his apology. ' The Gorgon's head, the triple-faced Hell-dog, the hand writing on Belshazzar's palace wall, the into stone metamorphosing snake locks of Medusa, the Cock Lane Ghost, the Abaddon born visions of Quincy, the opium eater, the devil that perpetually stood oposite to Spinello, the caverns of Dom Daniel, the Fire Globe, that burned below the feet of Pascal, were each and all miserable little bagatelles by the side of the phantasmagoria that evermore haunt my brain and blast my eyes.?' During the last two years of his life, he wrote a number of very painful letters to many of his friends. Never did words convey a more painfully vivid pic- ture of the contest of good intention with the weak- ness of a most yielding nature. His frequent fran- tic promises of amendment, followed by perpetual lapses into that demoralizing habit which estranged from him, one by one, almost all his friends, afford melincholy evidence of human frailty. And during this most afflicting period, we find his intellect still clear and unimpaired, and his anxiety to engage in literary toil, in those brief hours when his evil genius tempted him not, still sadly telling what he might have been had his resolves been only purer and firmer. He says : — ' The year draws to a close. Is has furnished me with grave and serious matter for reflection ; and, as I should hope, sees me a bet- ter and a wiser man than at its commencement. Henceforth, and at the commencement of the new year, especially, I lead a new life. I may be un- happy, but I shall no longer be imprudent or cri- minal. I am making the most strenuous efforts to retrieve myself. Henceforward I will labour with redoubled sedulousness. I enclose you a Polyglot Anthology, comprising translations from the Irish, German, Danish, Swiss dialect, French, Spanish, Welsh, and Persian. They are all bona-fide ones; and I purpose, if you please, to send you also poems from the Servian, Roman, and Turkish ; but perhaps you might think these would lengthen the article too much. But, in truth, I must rise early and work hard, as I feel I shall almost go mad if I have not constant employment both for my head and my hands. Let me hope that you are not angry with me. Could you know all that I have suffered of late, any resentment that you might feel against me would be converted into compassion. I shall have finished the Spanish Anthology by Saturday, when I do not hesitate to say that you will witness a marked im- provement in my appearance. If you do not at once perceive that I am thoroughly changed, I will con- sent that you refuse me all further assistance. I have two or three literary projects in my mind, but the execution of them will altogether depend upon your kind reception of me ; for if you cast me off now, I resign literature altogether. You said, when leaving me last, you feared I might misappropriate the money you so kindly gave me. I paid my land- lord his rent; have had a bath and an umbrella, which I always miss.' How characteristic this umbrella is to those who knew him ! In etching his personnel we entirely forgot his umbrella, clutched so tightly under his arm, and forcing out his faded blue cloak into a peak behind ; the said umbrella being one that Mrs. Gamp would have rejoiced in. He says again, ' On reflection I think it better to adhere to my promise, and ask no more money in advance. I cannot also continue, even for the sake of others, to submit to the forfeiture of self-respect. It would, and could, only end in destroying the last particle of spirit within me, and would render me alike a reproach to myself, and a burden to others.' 'From the high epic down to the low rational,' the muse has many moods, and many degrees in each, and all are acceptable provided they be genu- ine. Wherein that genuine and essential quality consists has never yet been said in words, but is still very palpable to the sense. Take two sets of verses, one of them perfect in metre and rhyme, admirable in sentiment, and quite full of the ap proved raw material ; the other, mean, perhaps in subject, and next to absurd in execution, queer, tortuous and irregular ; yet the one you feel to be unmistakably prose, and the other intrinsically poetry. It is the artistic finger, the sculptor's notched cherry stone, the painter's careless dash, which distinguishes the airy products of the one from the elaborate heaviness of the other. What- ever may be said of Mangan, he is never prosaic. He has faults, which he who runs may read — mannerism, grotesqueness, and an indomitable love of jingling; he often sins against simplicity, which is a grave offence, but the inexpiable sin of com- monplace, no man can lay to his charge. He had, however, true fervour and harmony, great strength and delicacy, a strange power of entering into and depicting the national feelings of other nations as well as his own ; but mainly, as became an Irish poet, of the conquered and oppressed. And, not to speak of his rhyming power, his command of language, the force, free- dom, and fitness of his vocabulary was admirable. In his highest vein, his thoughts and words are like the sweeping fire and trenchant blade. As a transla- tor, we should put in a high claim, and an extensive one, on behalf of Mangan, if the best of his antholo- gies were really translations. The majority of them have small title to that designation. Many of them are purely original, inserted under some foreign name, as a piece of mystification ; others, though based upon and following the course of thought of the poem which they assume to represent, are, in fact, more his own than another's, and far more deserving the character of originality than many a pretended original: He never let himself be literal, scarcely ever even faithful ; he caught up the theme and the catchword from the book before him, but they became melted and fused in his imagination, and flowed out into something very different, often far richer and more truly poetical, than those which he pretended to translate. We will illustrate what we mean by a verse from Heyden: — Farewell for ever to all I love ! To river and rock farewell ! To Zoumiah's gloomful cypress grove, And Shaarmal's tulipy dell ! To Deenween-Kullaha's light blue bay, And Oreb's lovely strand ! My race is run, I am called away— I go to the Lampless Land. Llah hu! I am called away, from the light of day, To my tent in the dark, dark land ! In the original there is not one word either of the sentiment or the localities. He could only deal thus, however, with the unknown poets only. He did not venture so with the great lights; and, accordingly, though some of his translations from Schiller and Goethe are very clever, they are in- ferior to some other translations of the same writers. As to the Oriental poems, he that would seek the ori- ginal of mo9t of them in the Arabian, Turkish and Persian, might ransack, we fear, the Bodleian in vain. They are nearly all like the last of the ' Barmecides,' perfectly his own, published in that shape through modesty, or love of mystification. It is in these we think that Mangan's idiosyncracies are chiefly to be found. What most strikes as to their spirit, is the tone of frightful hopelessness, the hatred of a forlorn present, and passionate recurrence to a happy and irrecoverable past ; and as to their form, his fondness for a refrain or burden. We give a verse : — My eyes are filmed, my beard is grey, I am bowed with the weight of years ; I would I were stretched on my bed of clay, With my long-lost youth's compeers ; For back to the past, though the thought wakes woe, My memory ever glides To the old, old time, long, long ago, The time of the Barmecides ; To the old, old time, long, long ago, The time of the Barmecides. But though painting despair, and the abodes of despair so vividly, and though so often recurring the key-note of unavailing regret, he had the same master touch upon Irish subjects. To compare his 'Dark Rosaleen,' ' Cahal Mor,' 'Kathleen Ni Houlihan,' ' The Woman of three Cows,' or some others of his, any actual remains which we have of the Irish Jacobite poetry would be extra- tagant. They are what an Irish bard might have written, if to the deep vague love of country, the longing, the dreaminess, the allegoric expression of the Celt, were added all that modern culture could give of distinctness of feeling and sequence of idea. We have other poets who have caught with wonderful fidelity and felicity the Gaelic turns of thought, and structure of language, but in Mangan's, the very Gaelic heart seems to be poured out. His love verses, too, tho' it was a theme he rarely close, have remained indelibly in our memory for their soft tenderness and flowing melody. It is a terrible but most certain truth that him who will not save himself, all mankind banded together cannot save. Melancholy in any one, most tragic in a man of genius, is it to see the separation between the speculative and active powers, the curse of the fall, become an utter divorce, and the will lie prostrate and impotent beneath the feet of a tyrannic habit ; to see fancy, imagination, poetic suscep- tibility still subsisting, and at a breath giving forth music to delight and benefit mankind, whilst the Man. the lord of these, is drifting hopeless and powerless to ruin and death. It is enough upon this sad supplement to many a preceding page in biography, to say that Mangan, a man of great gifts and great attainments, lived a pauper and a drudge, and died in an hospital. To most he was but a voice, which has now ceased for ever. For that flow of thrilling verse, which, with the stamp of Germany or the East, used to to delight them, they are henceforward to expect no more. We never saw, nor ever again desire to see such another image of the poets of the present age, the Otways, the Careys, the Savages, the Dermodys, and the Poe's, who were not more sinned against than sinning, in having degraded the noblest of human gifts by pot-house companionships. Maugan did not understand the Irish tongue, although he pro- fessed to teach it ; to Eugene Curry and to John O'Daly, both of whom are first rate Celtic scholars, we are indebted as interpreters between Mangan and the older Bards ; and it argues highly, not only for their etymological powers, but for their sense of the poetic and characteristic in the original, that they have been able to convoy so strikingly the peculi- arities of Irish thought to the English versifier. On the 18th May, 1848, we find Mangan under the care of the Sisters of Charity in St. Vincent's Hospital, Dublin. From here he says— 'Here I am at last — here, where I shall have ample time for re- pentance and reflection, for I cannot probably leave for some months, and during all that time I shall be vigorously denied everything in the shape of stimulants. As I shall have so much leisure on my hands, possibly you might wish for some con- tributions after my former manner? My general health is better than it has been for years, and my intellect is becoming clearer, but my lower limbs are in a dreadful state. I write to you in bed, from which I have not risen since I came hither.' But downward still his path continued, rapidly downward. He began to shun his former associates, and the mental vigour so wondrously preserved through every folly and disaster, began to fail. Health and hope deserted him together, and it is hardly fair for those who never felt all he suffered, all he endured, to condemn the weakness he ex- hibited, or pass judgment on the self destroying in- dulgence, whose temptations of evanescent pleasure this most unhappy but most gifted being was unable to resist. 'Let him who is without sin among you cast the first stone,' ere a single uncharitable re- flection is made upon one of whom 'all that could perish' now moulders beneath an unmarked and almost unknown humble mound in Glasnevin cemetery. And thither many a noble hand Shall garland offerings bring. And friends above my dust shall stand, And songs of sorrow bring ; And they shall oft, as years roll round, Think of the slumberer there, And to the memory of that mound A tear of pity spare! So sang poor Mangan himself in his beautiful verses to his 'Grave Mound.' In concluding this sketch of Mangan we cannot do better than give his noble, eloquent, and pro- phetic didactivc poem — ' The Warning Voice.' Ye faithful, ye noble! A day is at hand Of trial and trouble And woe in the land ! O'er a once greenest path, Now blasted and sterile, Its dusk shadows loom - It cometh with wrath With conflict and peril, With judgment and doom! False bands shall be broken, Dead systems shall crumble, And the haughty shall hear Truths yet never spoken, Though smouldering like flame, Through many a lost year, In the hearts of the humble ; For Hope will expire As the terror draws nigher, And, with it, the shame Which so long overawed Men's minds by its might— And the powers abroad Will he panic and blight, And phrenetic sorrow — Black pest all the night, And death on the morrow! Now, therefore, ye true Gird your loins up anew ; By the good you have wrought ; By all you have thought, And suffered and done ; By your souls ; I implore you, Be leal to your mission — Remembering that one Of the two paths before you Slopes down to perdition! To you have been given, Not granaries and gold, But the love that lives long, And waxes not cold ; And the zeal that hath striven Against error and wrong, And in fragments hath riven The chains of the strong! 'Bide now by your sternest Conceptions of earnest Endurance for others, Your weaker-souled brothers ! Your true faith and worth Will be history soon, And their statue stand forth In the unsparing noon! You have dreamed of an era Of knowledge and truth, Was this a chimera ? Not so ; but the childhood and youth Of our days will grow hoary, Before such a marvel shall burst on their sight; On you its beams glow not — For you its flowers blow not— You cannot rejoice in its light, But in darkness and suffering instead You go down to the place of dead ; To this generation The sore tribulation, The stormy commotion, And foam of the popular ocean, The struggle of class against class ; The death and the sadness, The sword and the war-vest ; To the next, the repose and the gladness, ' The sea of clear glass' And the rich golden harvest. Know, then, your true lot, Ye faithful, though few ; Understand your position, Remember your mission, And vacillate not, Whatsoever ensue ; Alter not, falter not ; Palter not now with your own living souls, When each moment that rolls May see death lay his hand On some new victim's brow ; Oh , let not your vow Have been written in sand; Leave cold calculations Of danger and plague To the slaves and the traitors Who cannot dissemble The dastard sensations That now make them tremble With phantasies vague; The men without ruth — The hypocrite haters Of goodness and truth, Who at heart curse the race Of the sun through the skies ; And would look in God's face With a lie in their eyes ; To the last do your duty, Still mindful of this— That virtue and heauty, And wisdom and bliss ; So, howe'er, as frail men, you have erred on Your way along life's thronged road, Shall your consciences prove a sure guerdon, And tower of defence, Until destiny summon you hence To the better abode. 