THE RING IN OLD ENGLAND. CAWAitt HBIII licitrvecn TOIIIT BIO IV- OIIIKI'JC und JOMJBJtMC COLE, for £33 (From Sell's Life in London.) '? Neither oftne above men makes claim U any preten sions to pugilistic merit, and the cause of their entering the ring on the present occasion was difference of opi nion, which they determined to settle in the true Eng lish fashion. Tho combatants are well known to' all those who are fond of ' London life,' and the match, from first to last, did not produce such interest among the pitrons of the noble art as among tho.' early' or ' lato' birds of tho West ond. By tho Fancy t^o affair was mlly expected to turn out a mere oanUmime. In this respect the gamo fellows took even tbo most san guine of their partisans completely by surprise, bv tl ? unflinching manner in which they fought, and, wo are confident, that had it for an instant been imagined that the oncountor between them would havo been characte rised by a display of such downright bulldog courago, there would have been a far stronger and more influen tial company to witness tho mill. Tho conditions of tho match were, that tho men should fight at catch weight, and in this Moncricft* had all tho advantage, being fully a stone the heavier, and in addition to this, he was taller and longer in tho reach. Moncrioff, who, among his friends, is usually styled ' Lord John,' is thirtv: two yenrj of age, and, like his opponent, has gone the pace for some years. Ho trained under the experienced direction of Kobert Fuller, tho pedestriao, who, it is only just t« add, did wonders for him, considering the shortness of tho time, Bob not having bis man away rom the smoke of London for moro than three wocks. Cole is about the same, ago as his antagonist, but in weight did not pulldown moro than to 9st 21b; ImU n compact wiry-raado follow, and is endowed with great activity. Ho was well trained by Dando. The ring was pitched by tho commissary on a well-known spot at nn early hour. By twelve o'clinck the wholo of the pre liminary matters had beon adjusted, when Colo threw his cap within the ropes, anil this challenge was imme diately, responded toby his lordship, who of tho two appeared the moro collected. Moncrieff had for his se conds Bob Fuller and tho eccentric Jerry Noon, while Dando and Bob Troter* did tho requisite .for Colo. In betting not more than even money was laid, ' THE FIGHT. Round 1. The attitudes of tho men were by no means graceful. Cole was all activity, and from hfa manner evidently wished the ico broken ; while Moncrleff kept working his mawleys about with considerable energy. Joe, after following his man up, let fly the loft and got homo a stlngor ou tho left cj-o. Jack immediately re turned tho compliment, and administered with good effect on tho top of Joo's cranium. As Moncrleff. broko, his antagonist went dashing at him, and in tho countor hitting got well. on the conk, from which tho ruby at onco became perceptible. Jack, after shifting his po sition; met Joo's rush with a fino spank fromt lie right, whon Cole went staggering back, but was prevented from falling by his secynd. . M'.ncrieff followed up to ronow tho round, and after an exchange thoy closed and wont down. 2\. Moncrleff led, and planted a stlngor on the nob with tho left, when Joe, after stopping a fino rlght .hander, countered with his man heavily, Jack doing exo cution on tho top part of the hoad, when Cole spun round in breaking away, and went down in tho middlo of tho ring. ' 3\. Joo tried a left-hander, but did not get home. Jack made an attempt to plant tho loft, but was well stopped. In a rally tho combatants fought In the most unflinching manner, making good use of both maw leys ; Moncrlcfl' with the right planting a hot 'un on the ribs. In getting, to tho ropes thoy struggled for the fall, when JackYsuperlor strength, mure than any skill, told in his favour, and Cole was the first to saluto mo ther earth. ' , 4\. Moncrioff delivered the right on tho body, when. Cole lunged out the left, and planted a stinger full on' the nob. Jack fought gallantly with his man, but iu tho counter-hitting Joo planted tho left two or threo times heavily on tho middle of tho head; -while MoncricfF, with tlio left and right, got on the top of the brain pan. Jack, in shifting, went staggering to tho ropes, and wont down. ' 5. Fast fighttna and no mistake. Cole, with moro resolution than juDgment, planted a rasper ou tho head, which producod more of tho carinlno from Jack's pro boscis: Moucrlefi' lunged out with a right- huuder, but was stopped. In tlio most resolute stylo they fought round tlio ring, and, notwithstanding tho hitting was destitute of precision, yet, from tho bulldog courago dis played, it became effective. His lordship received full in tbe middle of the phix, while, in return, Joe napped the ginger on tho top of bis head. When at the ropes they closed, and Cole was under in the fall. G, Joe went -to his man and forced tho fighting in MnncriofFs corner. Jack administered on tho top of tho nob with tho risht, Cole, in tho exchanges again planting on his man's damaged peeper, from which tho crimson began to flow rather freely. Jack for a moment paused, nnd appeared to be in a state ol botheration ; but on receiving an cnlivcner from his antagonist ho went dashing at it, and missed two or three heavy hits with tho right, which had they gone homo wonld hare told a tale. In a rally they closed, and in tho fall went down, Cole under. 7\. Joe, aft«r stopping one from the right, lot fly the left, but was not within distance. A pause, when ho went dashing at his mm, and in a rally, in which both pegged away, thoy closed, and Colo was under .in the fall. ?-.!?-? 8\. Colo planted a couple of stingers on the -body; Jack delivered on tho head with his right. As Mon crieff broke bis antagonist followed, and in the counter hitting both did execution, Cole's blows appearing to be administered with the moit telling effect. They fought round the ring to Moncricffs corner, when Jack went to gross. ' ..??'!'? 9 ' Joe opened the ball with a shot from tho left, which went well homo ; Jack, after hitting wildly, and doing no execution, closed, and, after a sharp struggle, threw his man heavily. - ? 10\. Colo camo readily from his corner, and on being met forced the fighting. Wilh the left he gave one for tho nob, and in some spirited exchanges got well on the body. -As tho men broke. Jack hit out wildly, and then closed. In the fibbing, the combatants used their maw leys with much spirit, and in the fall Cole was under. '11.. Jack led, but Co!o stopped his left with much quickness. As Moncrieu' shifted his position Joe fol lowed up and forced the lighting, and in some rattling exchanges tho combatants got nome in a very effective style, Moncrieff getting on tho head' and ribs. A s Jack retreated, Jqc, who would not be denied, came dashing ai mm, ana alter a struggle lor me tail uoie went uown, Jack's superior metal telling much in his favour. 12\. Cole delivered the right on the body, Jack putting a rattler on the snout, from which the gravy began to flow. In some fino counters both did execution,' nnd Moncrieff in breaking staggered as though groggy. Joe came rushing up to forco the fighting, when Jack, who got upon the ropes, and was in an awkward position, went down. ? 18\. Joe, on the head, and again repeated the cloio on the body. Jack stood to his work with unflinching de termination, but. in the counter-hitting had none tho best. In breaking Moncrieff staggered, but on the in stant recovered himself, and in a rally fought gamely with his man to a close, when Cole extricated himself from danger and went down. 14\. Cole h*mc, a rattler on the head from the left. Jack, who appeared surprised at tho rapidity of tho attack, shifted his position. Joe, net to be denied, went dashing at his opponent, and in somo well-meant ex changes thoy got homo in an effective manner, Jack administering tho cayenne in unmistakable style on tho top part of the head. In a slashing rally, in which both delivered somo heavy thwacks, the men closed, when Moncrieff, who was weak, wont down. . 15\. This was a well-fought, spirited round. Cole, thinking his antagonist weak, and that he bad a strong lend, went dashing in to forco tho fighting, and got on heavily on the knowledge-box. Moncrieff, who hod a littlo recovered, fought his man with indomitable pluck. In a rally, they got to tho Topes, when Jack threw bis man, Dando putting up his kneo in an unjustifiablo manner t» prevent Colo from falling. '? . _ 1G. In tho exchanges, Jack got homo on tho osfrontis, while .Too put in a rib- roaster or- two. For ? unpractised men, they fought well in a fino. determined rally to a close, when Joe was the first to go to grass. . 17. Moncrieff, on coming from his corner, appeared to suffer from tbo rapidity of the fighting; still he gal lantly met tbo attack. In tho exchanges, Jack get home first in tho middle of the head ; Joo returned on tho bod}', and then rattled to in- fighting. In tho half arm hitting, Cole was very busy, but after a sharp tussle, had,' as usual, tbo worst of the fall. ? 18\. Moncrieff planted tho left on the mark. Joe, with much quickness, gave one for tho nob. In a rally, Jack administered tho 'alderman' on the ribs, -'olo doing mischief on the pepper castor. At tho ropes thoy closed, when Joo, nftcr ineffectually trying: to extricate himself from an awkward position, was thrown. 19\. Joo took tho initiative, getting . home tho left in tho middlo of tho head. Moncrieff countered and dolivered: in a very effective manner on the top of the cranium. At the ropes tho combatants closed, when Cole got from his antagonist, and went down. ' 20. J»c, in the exchanges, got homo with telling forco on tho nut, and as Jack shifted followed up to renew the attack. Tbe combatants fought in almost every part of the ring, until they closed at the ropes, whon both went down. Cole being under. Tum far havo wo given a 'de- scriptive account of this game struggle, but tho demand en our spacg will not permit us to go any further into de tails, Cole, from the commencement of the battle, in fighting had taken a decided lead, his hitting appearing to bo so much moro effectivo than his opponent's, and many were of opinion that he would make an easy con quest. They wero not, however, destined to have these expectations realised, for, as round followed round, tho game and resolute Moncrieff kept coining gaily from his corner, and renewing the contest with unflinching pluck. During tbe latter portion of tbe contest many and varied wero tno changes mat occurred, lor now Jack, after a wild but staggering round, would go down as if it was impossible to fight longer, and then ngaintho tide would almost immediately turn strongly in his favour. At onb period of tho contest, when tho men had fought to nil appearance to nearly a stand-still, and there was hardly a pin's point to choose betwocn them, their friends' anil backers suggested that thoy should consent to a draw, and both men, as a roward for their game and resolution, should be presented with the stakes. MoncriefTs backer was agreeable, but on consulting. Jack, ho would not consent to anything of tho kind, alleging that ha know well enough ho could win. On, therefore went the merry mill, and towards its termination so much did Moncrlcff's superior weight tell in his favour that ho took a most prominent lead. For tho last dozen rounds Colo had not tho ghost of a chance, and liob Trovers finding this to bo the case, and being too humane to fco a gamo man uselessly punished, notwithstanding Cole was w 11 ing and eager to continue tho battle, at length threw up the sponge, and Moncrieff was hailed the winner, tho contest having lasted two hours and six minutes, during which fifty-four gamo and unflinching rounds were fought. Any remarks on tlio merits of the combatants beyond what wo hnvo written would bo entirely super fluous, for it is not by any means likely that t'hey will ever agnin enter tho ring, having other fish to fry. They agreed to icttlo an old standing grudge in a manly man ner, and no sooner was the contest decided than it be came ovldont, from their .bearing towards each othor, that hard blows had only had the effect of making them faster and better friends than ever. A_ silly fellow, annoying a company, declared ho had n his timo eaten so much veal, thut ho was ashamed to look a calf in tho face. 'I s'pose, Sir,' said Mr. Growler, you sbavo without a glass?' 