BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. AN ORIGINAL TALE. CHAPTER V. IF Dick's story had led me to expect a man of tall form and herculean frame, the figure before me was calculated to disappoint. He did not appear to be more than twenty, or twenty-one, and had small, finely-formed limbs, with all the roundness of a woman's. His features were by no means unpleasant, though there was a savage wildness about his eyes as they glanced about with the ra- pidity of lightning, that created an uneasy sen- sation. With the exception of a girdle of opos- sum furtwine, and six or eight rows of smoked reeds, cut into short pieces like beads, round his neck, he was entirely naked. His body was highly polished with grease, and his hair, gathered up at the top of his head, was tied in a tuft, from which arose a bunch of emu feathers. He was engaged at this moment in a little Australian surgery. Before he was captured one of the troopers had been obliged to give him a taste of cold steel, which had laid open the calf of his leg from top to bottom. This gash he was in the habit of filling up, four or five times a-day, with fresh earth, and he was now digging out that simple remedy with a stick, preparatory to plastering in a fresh supply. He scarcely condescended to notice us, but went on with his employment glancing, however, furtively about, as he did so. "Where did you catch this fellow?" in- quired I, of the policeman. "Only about ten miles from here, sir. They attacked us when we were in camp, and killed one of our best horses; so the Major was up and after them as soon as we could get mounted. They all got away into a scrub but this fellow, but we cut him off and rounding him up till he couldn't get away, so up he runs into an oak sapling like a 'possum. The Major wouldn't have him shot, so ordered one of our men to cut down the sapling, but just as the tree was falling, hang me, sir, if this fellow didn't jump into another like a flying squirrel. There was a clump of these oak saplings together, like you often see them in forests here." "Well, how did you manage then?" asked Harry. "Why, one of our men shinned up the tree to pull him down; but just as he got close up, my gentleman hauls out a wallaby stick from behind, and lets drive with it. Down dropped our man, almost stunned, for it hit him in the head. It was nearly all over with Mister Blackey, for two or three of us had our guns up, but Major Dounie wouldn't allow it. So, with that, sir, I shins up the tree, with the sword in my teeth, and just as I got within a nice distance, I deliver- ed No. 2, and gave him that, sir," pointing with evident satisfaction to the deep cut in the blackfellow's leg. "He shook his mun- dooey for a minute," added the man, "and then dropped, but it took four of us to man him, after all, for he is as slippery as an eel." I could well believe this, for slipperiness and flexibility were the ideas conveyed by a glance at the native. As he reclined, half sitting and half lying, with his body bowed into a semicircle, and his limbs wrapped overeach other, he looked as though he could have tied himself into a knot or drawn himself through a key hole, in the case of emergency. Leaving this child of the woods to his guard, we passed into the house, our guide announcing us as "two strange gentlemen, arrived by the cutter." "Welcome, gentlemen, welcome," said a loud hearty voice, the rich brogue of which there was no mistaking for a moment; "so far as my authority extends on the Clarence, I bid ye welcome most heartily; though, to say the truth, what good that can do ye, un- less ye've brought your own beef and damper in the cutter, upon my honor, gentlemen, I am at a loss to conjecture." The figure from whom this characteristic salutation proceeded was certainly not, to my mind, calculated to inspire very lofty notions of the power and dignity of her Ma- jesty the Queen in this portion of her do- minions. Major Dounie was about six feet two inches high, very thin, very brown, and between fifty and sixty years of age. He had a fine head, thick bushy eyebrows, sharp, dark eyes, and a heavy grey and black moustache on the upper lip. Altogether, his bearing and appearance were those of a gentleman and a soldier; but it was an ex- traordinary equipment, more than anything else, that presented him in a ludicrous light. He was dressed in one of the very common- est of check shirts, with no neckcloth of any kind, and no coat or waistcoat. His long legs were encased--so far as they could be-- in a pair of new, but very coarse and short duck trousers, which displayed nearly the whole length of his thick wellington boots, armed with long, rusty, military spurs. He wore a blue forage cap, with a faded gold band; and a heavy dragoon sabre, with steel scabbard, was slung from his waist. Harry and I exchanged a glance, which seemed to imply our forgiveness of the sawyers for the amusement they had extracted from our elaborate toilette, on the occasion of such a visit as this. In a few words I made the Major acquaint- ed with the object of my journey, and craved his good offices in the prosecution of my en- terprise. "Certainly, my lad," said he; "oh, to be sure. I'll be glad to do all in my power for you, though that isn't much, as you may observe. Devil an article of clothing, even, have I to wear but the suit of slops you see on me, and which, though I am entirely obliged to our good friend Mr. Thomas here for the same, is not exactly the costume for a field officer holding her Majesty's Commis- sion of the Peace.". Harry hastened to assure the Major that his own wardrobe was amply supplied, and to offer anything that might be required for temporary use. "That's a hearty fellow," said the Major, shaking his hand; "upon my word, then I'll accept your offer with pleasure; and, more- over, if you happen to have such a thing as a pipe of tobacco in your pocket, you can add no small trifle to the obligation." We had no supply of the weed at hand, though there was plenty on board; but Captain John, an inveterate chewer, produced a rich cake of the manufactured leaf that made the Major's mouth water. While he was filling a large-bowled black pipe he gave us a hasty sketch of the causes of his present plight. He had left the M'Leay six weeks before, intending to travel to this place by the sea coast; but heavy rains had flooded all the rivers and creeks, and greatly retarded his progress. One horse, carrying all but the scanty clothing he rode in on a hot summer day, was carried away by the flood in crossing a river, and, as they could get no game, they at last had to kill another horse for food. In this way they managed to get within a day's journey of the Clarence, when they were attacked by the blacks and lost a third horse, as already narrated. On arriving here they found the settlement almost entirely destitute of provisions, and as for tobacco--that indispensable necessity of the bushman--the worthy Commissioner had not, as he so- lemnly assured us, had "the ghost of a smoke for the last three weeks." He had arrived, almost as naked as his black prisoner, his garments having been torn to ribbons, in forcing his way through thick scrubs that intercepted the route. The arrival of the Mary was most oppor- tune for all parties. Mr. Thomas had sup- plies on board; I had abundance of all such articles as the Major desired to purchase on account of the Government; and the whole population of the river, numbering perhaps some forty or fifty persons, had more or less cause to rejoice at our coming. As soon as the cutter hauled alongside the river bank, we got ashore such things as were necessary for immediate use, and the Major, now rigged out in full shoot- ing costume, at Harry's cost, and smack- ing his lips over some really excellent straw-coloured sherry, of which I had broached a case, suggested that we should all dine together at Thomas'--a proposal which was seconded and carried without a dissentient voice. Our own party was not large--consisting only of the Commissioner, Harry, Mr. Thomas, Captain John, and myself; but it appeared likely that we should be strongly supported from without, as sawyers continued to arrive from various parts of the river, and a twenty-gallon keg of rum--a joint purchase--was standing on end with the head knocked in, so that the thirsty proprietors might dip in their panni- cans without unnecessary delay or incon- venience. As this my first bush dinner, terminated at least as seriously as the non- pasty banquet whereof Goldsmith tells us, I adopt the pre- cedent, and give briefly the carte at Thomas'. We had salt pork and salt beef, kangaroo loin- steaks fried with ham, curried wild pigeons, preserved salmon, potatoes from the cutter, wild spinach gathered from the river bank, and an impromptu damper, of fair propor- tions. Some new sheets of mine did duty as a table cloth, whereon glittered "a magnificent display" (us the newspaper say) of virgin tin plates, dishes, and pannicans. Under the table were stowed bottled beer, sherry in buckets of water, and an ample supply of brandy for the wind-up. Every- thing had been arranged under the Major's direction, and, whatever the fastidious reader may think of the matter, that distinguished officer regarded his handiwork with no small satisfaction, as he took his seat at the board in the evening. "Well, Mr. Wotton," said he, "there is nothing like privation to make a man ap- preciate the blessings of Providence. I have sat at good men's feasts in the course of my life, I assure you; but upon my word, after the course of horseflesh I have just under- gone, this appears to me to be as fine a dinner as you'd get at the Clarrendon; so we'll just commence it,--if you please, with a glass of wine, though sure its only a panni- can we have, but devil a matter for that." We were soon in full swing; and though I did not at first take very kindly to the kangaroo flesh, the curry at once gained my affections. It had been prepared under the especial direction of the Commissioner, who found all necessary ingredients on board. The man who has eaten the wild green pigeon of the fig trees, so curried, may pity the rest of the world. To the uninitiated I can only say that the luxury can neither be imagined nor described. But it must not be one of your wishy-washy steam-packet cur- ries to do justice to the wampoo or bubbelo- meyree pigeon. Science and genius must preside over the stewpan. The ordinary dinner business having been despatched, together with no inconsiderable quantity of malt, we had time to talk about general and particular affairs over our tipple. Let it not be supposed that at this time I indulged in any of the excesses of the table or the tavern. Harry, indeed, could lake his bottle of wine like a man, and though but a puny infant to the Major, contrived to keep him in countenance. Mr. Thomas and the skipper were seasoned old casks, showing no leakage until absolutely full; but as for me two glasses of grog would in those days set my head spinning, and of the joys of smok- ing I was most barbarously ignorant. In fact, to be candid, I believe I was just the least bit in the world of a milksop. (To be Continued.) 