pipping fmriiigriiff. ( Bg Ekctrk Tdtgmpk.) Stpt. St. AAMRV.N »R TU« HJHX>» Kirarod, ship, Calcutta Formosa, harqae, V»3pir*j»o SnapdtapM, U, S, barque Manilla F, Leasing, brig. Newcastle Water Lily, Khsi&s; Circular Head S.ULLO FKUJF TUX ULLJIL. Thistle, steamer, Port Albert MARCHING is JHE PtMSii;I.*B Cajn-IIGK.—In Spain I n<-vLr marched th« tr<«j:.t Icing. Twesty-fivt m'.lf^ were the mni'»t. lliey set off, usually, it filter in ihe tnorn'mp, and tow their prounj by out. In India thsy onld *:o no farther. < tnce in a day 1 raardwi them *tvenu-tw« miles, Starling st three in the mantis,', they (resit iwenty-fivc tniies, and baited at noon; then I made them "tie down to sleep, setting sentinels over them; and at eipht they started again. marching lit' one at BOOS the next day, when We were in the enemy'» camp. In Knnope w'e carsnr! do so rou h, ftu is Kngtasd wt seed lirf- tn by a canal i':I0 the interior, and <Uoag the cuast by a smack. In India they isstt walk. 1 look upon it that all men require two paaods weight rffood a day-, the English not more than the freadi Vegetable food is lt*« convenient than ante*! food, the laxt walking iriih i you— fi«-s>i';rvf»*j of J,'«e Diikr of WtBttgUm, ty Saenu! R yrrt As Excnuva Sxona —Tbe celebrated Dr, P*rr M tii* greatest modern eiauifile of as etresfivt tmciktr He smoked oontinsally, in Mas) and oal of it. even in coinpao} of ladies, and ;c thar drawing rooms; be insine-i in tbe wherever hi »esst, and generally tadred sat m i yewig lady tr ligfct h • pipe after dinner. He sometimes >111 twenty jKpet of as fTosisg, and he nt-ve? wrote witbeu: tobacco; he describes himself a: compoeof hit work* "ad rolling volcanic fumes of tobsece to the cfilmg.** Dr. Htcbardss. in hit " RecuUectintu of i't Last Balf-Ceat«rytdlt us that Or P»rr. at the 4ioner at Triaity Ccilege to the I>iiie of Gloucester, ai i'3jju>s.«lior of the t'nrrersitr of Osajbrid^e, epoo the retoovaJ of the ctoth. mduimd ID etertsal pipe. " bteinog a cwad into the iaee* ot hii Bsghboars. fflach ts their aasoyasce. and caorisg rojaJty to snt-eii ijy the siitnal»5iBp ttesch of citindungus " Thit ii certainiy s» examfiie &r; a decer.t tawker ta fothi*; bot as Psrr i.ied to tbe ripe ape ef aeventr-tight, it it a pretty p»d ,ii\»f lha! the imiBo4tT»se u*e fif tiibacco is sot rery tats: —T>Jxieet lit //istory and Asteaatiimi, fr» f. VI" favkdt, F.S.A. ijlir Snocrw—In 3 COS. when Defcker printed bis " Satiromastix," Sadies cmnked. Asinins Baho, offering hit pipe, obser^ti :—" Tis at your »niee. gaiiants. and the !ohwxt> too: 'tis ri;:'.t puddinjr. I oar, te)! yoa; a Udy or took a iBpefali or two at i tny iuinoi, Knd [irajsedi'.foretiKrheafi'ns." Prynnr. the fatuous 1'uritanir inre-ghor against staee-piays. lell» us that, in !i« time. UJie« at the theatre were •ometimes " uCered the rolaeco-pipe " a» a refreshueot inttead uf appUa, which appe»r to lave been " the staple eomm-^ifr," ilarv King, better fcnoim ai iioli Cutpurst, tlist " Bold Tirago stout and tall," M describe ! by BatStr in his " lludibrat," is depirted on the lil!e-page of Mid,Aetna's comedy, "The Soaring Girfe." of * hii h abe is tie heruine, in the costume of a tnan snitsking tohacro. Miss Paidoe, in her " Hisuiry of the Omrt nf XIV ," has shown that t'ie d»8ght™ of the Grand Mvnarqut did not disdain to da the aame, sithnagh he had a ^reat disLke to tobai-cn. * * * Wiitn she ladies became wearied by the "gratiiy and t'tiquettc of the court circle, they were actusl'iiuet! (o celebrate a «p«ic< of ijrjrit in their wo apartments, after supper; and oa osie occasion, when the Uaoj^hin had, at a late hour, qaitted the card-table, and ilea ring a noise in their qoarterof the pai&ce;, entered to asfertain its cause, he found them enpigtd in sninkinf, and diseoifertd thai they had bsjrniwel their pipes in.rTi til' offiiXTi ot the i* is. giurd "—Tohaetv. lu Hiftery end Atuxwhemu. Bg F. ir. Fo-VMt, F.S.A. A JiELiuri L TI:A<J1.I/V.—The Mthpashte Sen/mr relitfci a trijAttal tragedy which occurred on the )"th of June, sh«ut eipht niiles fr os tliat eily, A fcnner, in es*y circamstanea. named Adam Uettig. aeat his two suns away no ati errand, and at tire same time directed his daughter to go oat and milk the cows. No suoner had thev got away from flit house tliaa Rettijr seized an aie, with w'iiich he dealt hif wife a dreadful hSow on the head, breaking in her •knlL Ai she lay prostrate atsdWfc.-ding liefore him. be fhot her with a doable-barreled pistoi in (be side, and thai poured a ket t letyi of bijiling water «t(t her from head to foot. He then went out to a smokehouse in the yard, and blew ont his own brains, s THE Ct&s.m; or CJMFOEM*.—A balirokm heroine, a Creole t'iri from Sew {Irises, wasetahted Is tiie ahooider by a jealous QiiSens. Hie doctor was cailed api<i to attend the beautiful but Bow blaspheming rurer, who bciireen the sharp tthchet of ha aatare-needle. eorsed &lternatt-;!y her riraj and te Adams 1 revolver tisat had *>ung fire. The woand was healed, bat our aalhor was nu physician, to su bad a mind a* that of the Creole vetipsfal fpitfire, who had scaroeiy ess-aped from his hands, when, at a dishevelled ru-iikwi-b.]], the wrack her Osilian enemy a fatal blow with a bowje-knifc. Introdaeed by this adtastttre to the orgies of the place, Dr Pfdmer soon ksimed and witcetsed itie incidents oi " The Fate ot the Farleijdit." Amid the rev tit he detected a tall and singularly graceful young English woman, wh» aeemed strangely oat ot place there, and hopelessly wmcbed—trbo mored in the danee! grave, pale, and abstracted, wit. no apparent interest in it or eonseiottaness of it " How like the very ghost ot a fc&cchanal;,-with Vitr iriotions merely, but not emotions, she flung herself into the brave* ahanda* of the Spanish dance, flashing her sift, white shoulders, beautifully balancing ha- pensile arnss, proadiy careaitsg her crinqnering neck." This *o-' man. a refuse from the English borne of he- husband and from the society of her acquaintances, had tome " to see her fee oot," to dazzk and dance her life away, in all the rudeness of Califbmiata adventure. Her proud spirit., however, remained to her, and when her httsbattd also made his appearance in California the foand his approach intolerable. Whether H was s sense of injary or of remorse, she onlv flamed with passion. Bat this was bat for a moment; MOB she tunit-d ashen pale, with a deep, dangerons, and despairing hate; her health and beauty departed at once; arsenic was attempted, bat the doctor came juti in time to pump it op; but, impatient for the cod, the sequel soon came, and her corpse was recovered from the river. *l he most interesting circumstance, which proves how curiously good ties' and wickedness arc sometimes blended together, remains to be stated. She (eft to her son, the offspring of her marriage, a large legacy, whidi she had industriously Itoarded, signing the will with her assumed name and a fearful appendage—." Lucy Mason, the lost."— 11 Jlomaxtic Aspect* of Cahfornio and India," in Kniikerbochtr. At Uwycoed limekilns, near Aherdare, a young man, named William Thomas, while feeding the Uin with atones, got on to the top of the heap fur the purpose of kvdliiig them, when the ma.'» suddenly gave way, and be decended into tbe burning abva» uttering the most lu-attrending shrieks. He was seen to descend lower into the fire, writhing as he did so in the roost Intense agony, until he at length disappears 1 EuticjkTiox Among tre CttisRss..—To those who consider universal education and reading, couplei.' with the general use of printing, as an infallible security against the abuses of deanotl"=. the examtile t)f Chin. » i««u especial manner worthy of attention. There is no eoutury in which learning has «o long prevailed, or been to generally diffused. A t • period long anterior to the literary celebrity even of the Greeks and liotnans, the Chinese were far advanced in several branches of knowledge, and institutions to bring it home to the great body of the people were generally established. A collection was begun, In the last century, of their " chosen works," and it soon readied 180,000 volumes. Encylnp®dm«, popular libraries, and general collections, have been established among them (ram time immemorial; and nowhere doss this possession of education so immediately and delusively tend to elevation and success in life. The use of gunpowder, the compass, and the art of printing, were common Sn China long before tiny trere known in Europe. In the year 93£ of oar em before the Norman Cmqueit, a beautiful edition of the bust Chinese authors tras printed at Pckm, ior the use of the students at tbe Imperial College. Artesian wells, balloons, artificial fireworks of the finest description, bare been familiar fo them from time immemorial. Education and die power of reading and writing are diffused to an extent scarcely known in any country of Europe; and the multitudes of the lettered class who have not been able to past the examinations for public offices spread themselves over every province, town, and anil euro a livelihood by teaching the young, i) alone uiwns to all the career of success in life. Vet. with ait wis, China is the most despotic country In (he world, and the one in which the absolute authority of the JJtnperor and his inferior functionarte* 1* «oit( unlvoraally and willingly obeyed, . and In which the spirit of the people seems most tboroofi)!/ and Irrecoverably broken by a long cotttM in aervilude.— Aluon't Hittory of Europe. m Vlff. 