THE ELECTIONS. MR. LANGTON AT EAST COLLINGWOOD. A meeting of the electors of Collingwood was held last evening at the Studley Arms Hotel, for the purpose of allowing Mr. Langton to enter into an exposition of his political opinions. About 150 persons were present. Mr. Samuel Ramsden was voted to the chair, and after expressing a hope that the persons present would give the candidate a fair oppor- tunity of stating his views, he called upon Mr. Langton to address the electors. Mr. LANGTON stated that he appeared before them that evening at the request of a consider- able number of the residents of the district to express his political views. At a meeting held by him in Fitzroy he had been told he was "not in East Collingwood yet," whereby he inferred that East Collingwood was a most dreadful place, but he felt assured that he would be received with fair play, and that he should not find it such a very awful place after all. Collingwood had been some what celebrated of late in the leading journal, and it had been styled the Tower Hamlets of Victoria, and as a region almost lost in mud and darkness. He had not seen any of the mud, however, that evening. If the task allotted him of dealing with the various subjects of the day was formidable, it required greater courage on his part to grapple with it. He came forward to state his opinions merely, and not to obtrude himself before the people of Col- lingwood. The requisition sent to him was signed by people one-half of whom resided in East Col- lingwood. He stated to them and also at his previous meeting that it was not his intention to spend one farthing on the election (Hear.) He would state his opinions, but would not sacri- fice his independence in so doing. The position he was aspiring to was one of great trust, and he hoped that whether he was returned or not the people of Collingwood would recollect that they should exercise the greatest discretion with regard to the class of men they elected. Various rumours had been raised about him, one of which was that he was in al- liance with Mr. Harker. He never ex- pected to hear that. ("That is a lie from your lips.") In his address he had stated his opinion of the Ministry, and he believed he was the only candidate who had so done. If he had been disposed to act dishonestly with the people, he would not have adopted such a clumsy plan as to express the most decided opposition to the Ministry. At a previous meeting he had said, in answer to a question put to him, that the best thing would be to turn out the present Ministry. He believed that the report arose from the fact that, when addressing the meeting, he declined to say anything against the Ministry, one of them being a candidate opposed to him, with regard to the principal topics of the day. The Land question was one which had for years claimed a large amount of attention. He believed that although no satisfactory solution of the question could be at- tained, the present system could be considerably modified. Many persons in England—among others Mr. Stuart Mill—were of opinion that the land should never be appropriated by one indivi- dual. Mr. Mill stated also that until things were very much altered no such principle could ever be carried out. There were many difficulties to deal with, as there had been a great deal of par- tial legislation in this colony, which had resulted in evils which would have to be remedied. He thought the squatting question should be settled first. In 1847 Orders in Council were made that leases for 14 years should be given to the squatters and a rent charged. These leases were never signed, but the squatters went on and on enjoying pos- session. Since then various scales of assessment on stock had been made. During the past year the rent and assessment realised 235,000L. The question was whether the squatters should be allowed to go on, public opinion appeared in favor of such a measure ("No, no), or whether an increased assessment should be made. It squatters were immediately turned off the land the price of cattle and sheep would be raised. At home there were always people ready to mis- represent what occurred in this colony, in the same way as with regard to the Geelong Railway. He did not think that for the sake of two years such a risk should be incurred—for at the present time any squatter could be turned out if the land were re- quired for agricultural purpose. He thought that squatters should pay half a million at least (hear)—that they should be dispossessed in 1861, and that six months prior the runs should be put up to auction, and cut into smaller sections, and that nothing like 80 miles of water frontage should be permitted. The 26,000,000 acres at present held by the squatters, if sold, would realise about 1,000,000L. to the Crown, according to calculations he had made from runs sold in the neighbourhood of Geelong, but that was in the very lowest estimate. If they realised 1s. per acre, one-third of the present revenue would be saved, and the state could remit some of the present charges upon the people. The State, no doubt, were bound to make the best bargain they could, and as competition was good in trade, he considered it would be so with regard to land. ("Oh!") A land tax would put a stop to specu- lation (Hear.) In Canada speculation existed; there, however, there was no auction system, and so it was not right to attribute all the blame to auctions. ln South Australia the Government had been more liberal, and from the fact of there being always a large quantity of land in the mar- ket, there was not the same amount of speculation as in this country. Whilst he approved of com- petition, he believed that there might be excep- tional circumstances. The gold diggings had at- acted more people to this colony than the yield of gold would support, and there were many whose constitution would not allow them to re- main on the diggings. He thought that, as the Government thought themselves bound to send a steamer to Port Curtis to assist the people who went there, they should open the lands, so as to give employment to the people (Hear.) He would support free selection, and the opening-up of large areas from which could select sec- tions of 80 acres—that quantity he considered sufficient. He did not approve of deferred pay- ments. He knew that in so stating, he rendered himself obnoxious to many, but that he could not help. A person to occupy land profitably should have some money. Supposing a man purchased 100 acres according to the principal of the Convention he would have to pay 20L. He thought if a man with that amount bought only 20 acres, he would be in a far better position than if he bought more on credit. He thought that a cash system was best, inasmuch as it prevented the anxiety which was inseparable to many persons from giving bills. At the pre- sent time the land was security for out large loans, and it was considered so good that deben- tures had got as high as 110. If the system of deferred payments were established, English ca- pitalists would look with suspicion upon the lands as security, because they would say, "The land had been only partly sold." He was as san- guine about the railways as any person, but he did not believe that English capitalists would advance money upon them until they saw that they paid. Retrenchment and economy in expenditure was a favorite cry. He thought that the Government should be made to imitate the example of private individuals, who had been compelled to reduce their establishments (The speaker then proceeded to quote many instances in which the Government were guilty of the grossest extravagance, and referred to the cost of attendance at the Legislative Library as com- pared with that at the Public Library.) He thought every public officer should do a fair day's work, and be welll paid for it. (Hear.) The squabbles upon the education question, he stated, had been endless, principally caused, he believed, by the introduction of religion into it. He was in favour of purely secular education in public schools. He dis- approved entirely of anything approaching to State aid to religion, as the State should not in- terfere with the religion of the people at all, in- asmuch as petty jealousies were caused, which counteracted the good effects of religion. He would support the abolition of State aid. He believed in a system of payment to members, but thought that 200L. would be amply sufficient for each member. He did not approve of pensions except to the Judges, as a good Judge was a great blessing to a country. He thought that the state- ment made by Mr Harker at Fitzroy at once threw overboard pensions to Ministers. That gentleman said, that no Minister was entitled to a pension unless he made a declaration to the effect that he was absolutely in want of it. He was not in favour of protection, which, however appeared to be somewhat popular at the present time. It was supposed that many evils would be remedied if protection were established, but he did not believe that they would. He thought the export duty upon gold was too high. It was not a duty so much as a royalty, similar to that charged upon minerals in England. He believed that it was preferable to the old licence system, but 3 per cent. he considered too great a charge, as if squatters were taxed in a similar propor- tion they would have to pay 8s., instead of 8d., assessment on each sheep. (Laughter.) With regard to the magistracy he would remark that the gentlemen elected to sit on the judicial benches should be men who had received a legal educa- tion. Mr Harker had himself admitted that the present system was bad. He (Mr. Langton) had given the various subjects to which he had referred a great deal of consideration, although, in all probability, his opinions were not approved by all. If the electors of Collingwood thought him worthy of their confidence, his services would be at their disposal, but he could not promise to adopt any measures which were opposed to his own conscientious opinions. (Hear.) The candidate was subjected to a long and severe catechising upon various subjects; after which a resolution was put forward— "That the thanks of the meeting were due to Mr. Langton for the clear exposition he had given of his political opinions." Upon that an amendment was moved, to the effect that "he was not a fit and proper person to represent the constituency of Collingwood in the ensuing Parliament." A show of hands being taken, the CHAIRMAN declared it to be in favour of the original motion. Considerable dissatisfaction was expressed by many at the decision given, and the meeting shortly afterwards separated. MR. DON AT COLLINGWOOD. Last night a public meeting was held, in the Belvedere Hotel, Collingwood, for the purpose of taking into consideration the necessity of having the interests of labour properly represented in the new Parliament. The large room of the hotel was filled, and considerable animation pre- vailed. Mr. VINE occupied the chair, and in the course of his address to the meeting made some remarks in support of the principle of the payment of members of the Legislature, which he said had been advocated by some of the most eminent men in the British Parliament, such as the late Sir William Molesworth, Mr Sharman Crawford, and others. Mr. F. GALLOWAY moved the first resolution, to the effect— "That the great disadvantages under which the working men had suffered in the late struggle between capital and labour, in regard to the rail- ways, rendered it necessary that they should be properly represented in the House of Assembly." The speaker stated that a considerable expense might have been saved to the colony in the matter of the contracts if the rights of labour had been fairly supported. The time was come when the working man must take an interest in political matters. This was a colony which had been, as it had well been said, "blessed by Providence, but cursed by laws." (Cheers.) When they saw age hastening to benevolent asylums, and youth to the prisons, there must be something radi- cally wrong in the system of government. These evils were to be traced—first, to the apathy of the working-men themselves, and then to the infidelity of political men to the promise made by them to secure their election A coun- try would always be governed as it deserved. He hoped they would at last awake to a sense of their duty as electors. With regard to candidates themselves, he did not much believe in those men who promised everything, but the experience of the last two years proved that can- didates such as they had trusted were possessed of no moral courage whatever. If they did not now look sharp, there would be no hope of securing a good Land Bill (Hear, hear.) There was Mr. Harker, for whom they had done so much at the last election, and who had promised them so much, they had just paid to him 2,000L. for deceiving them, and he had just bought 2,000 acres of their land. (Hear, hear.) Mr Langton did not seem to know his own views. Dr. Bennett seemed to think that blood-letting and legislation were about on a par. (Laughter.) He had better continue to follow his own profession (Laughter.) As for Mr. Harker—the Hon. Mr. Harker, as he was called—he hoped the ballot box would give him a lesson. (Cheers and laughter.) A most important crisis was at hand, and it rested with the electors themselves to control it. Mr. RICE (in the absence of Mr. Glaister) seconded the resolution. He said other and higher classes of the community had used their power, and so gained their ends. Those ends were opposed to the welfare of the working men, and one of them was to bring down wages to the rate of the old country. The present Ministry were working to the same end, as a proof of which he might refer to the answer of the Government in reference to the Geelong coal-fields only a day before. Again, the mining leases were wholly in favour of capitalists. They might be sure none of the other classes of the community would help them. They must therefore help themselves, and send men into the House who would pester them (the Ministry) with questions. (Laughter.) Not men who would sit down daunted after the first effort or two. Mr Everard alone had ventured to defend the claims of the working man (cheers), and even he had afterwards shrunk down like a coward into his seat They must send men into the House to beard them. On all hands spoliation was the order of the day, as far as the interests of the working man were con- cerned. The squatters took 3,000,000L. annually from the country, and employed only some 4,000 ori 5,000 working men in return for it. Would they, then, trust Harker or the banking grandees to open then lands for them. There was no hope for them if they would. But what was to be said about the support of working men's representa- tives? He boldly asserted that an eight hours' man could earn his living so as at least to be at liberty for his Parlaimentary duties after 7 o'clock, by which time generally the important business came on. (Cheers.) He prayed them to respect themselves, for their opponents were already in the field, and agents and emissaries were at work. He had heard that the Constitutional Association had given 200L. in order to secure Mr. Service's election. Perhaps that would cost nearer 3,000L. Let them, then, watch the elec- tioneering agents. Above all, he entreated them to free themselves from feelings of personal envy, and to put down those petty jealousies which led them to distrust one another. (Ap- plause.) The CHAIRMAN, in putting the resolution, said that the meeting had not emanated from any clique. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. TAYLOR moved the second resolution, to the effect that that meeting, seeing the energetic, determined, and manly manner in which Mr. C. J. Don had for several years defended the in- terests of the working men, expressed a hope that he would allow himself to be put in nomination for Collingwood, and approved of a requisition being presented to him to that end. The speaker said he had known Mr. Don for 12 or 14 years, and had never known him to do anything which should militate against reposing confidence in him. The resolution having been seconded, Mr. WESTALL stated that, as a member of the Convention, he should heartily support Mr. Don. The resolution was carried against a minority of one. A person at the end of the room held up his hand in the negative, but was not observed by the Chairman, who declared the resolution to be carried nem. con. The CHAIRMAN stated that 300 names were appended to the requisition then lying on the table, and that there were other sheets which had not yet come to hand. Mr. Don, at this stage of the proceedings, made his way up through the body of the meeting from the end of the room, and was received with much applause. At the same time, a drunken man, who had been continually disturbing the meeting, was, after some trouble, ejected from the room. After a few words from the CHAIRMAN, who handed the requisition to the candidate, Mr. DON said he might well feel proud of the honour which had been conferred upon him, for which he know that he was not indebted to the possession of wealth or of imaginative eloquence, but only to a moderate share of that common sense which was the common fund of the toiling population of this colony. He could boast only of one thing,—that the welfare of the industrial classes was what he had always hoped and worked for. (Cheers.) He had long thought that labour never would be represented until its voice should be heard in the councils of the nation, where, perhaps, it would not be listened to from being adorned with the graces of what was called a classical education, but solely for the stern heart of honesty which inspired its utterances. (Loud cheers.) He knew much of, and sympathized with, the claims of labour, nor, in entering the Legislature was it his wish to change his lot, but still, if need were, to remain a working-man. He wanted to come before them with a clear con- science, and to lay himself and his political principles bare before them. The first great question of the day was the settlement of the land. There would be no progress for the colony until the land system was entirely changed that system which drove out the small capitalists and kept the labour in—(Loud cheers)— yes, kept the labouring man in want on the very edge of the richest abundance that system must be swept away. (Cheers.) But the Legislature did more than divorce capital and labour: by their mis-government they sent away the riches of the gold-field to buy agricultural produce, which might be raised far cheaper in Victoria. Unless they changed all this, their prosperity was a dream—a painted ship on a painted ocean. (Loud cheers.) But what were the causes of all these evils? The first was the Australian squatting system. That monstrous growth must be utterly des- troyed; not a vestige of it must remain, not a fibre must be left in the ground to spring up and trouble-them again. (Cheers.) His principles were these: first, no exclusive oc- cupation of land for pastoral purposes until the land was sold; next, free selection at a uniform price; thirdly, deferred payments to actual cul- tivators only. There was another class of lands—the town and suburban. He would deal with them thus. At present they were bought up by capitalists, who sold portions of them at high rates, and retained others, as suited themselves. Now, he would sell them to those people on certain conditions—that they should buy them for the purpose of using them, and within 11 or 12 years build upon and fence them, and that the moment they were sold they should be under the tax gatherer. (Hear, hear. ) This would be making no barrier to speculation, but would be fulfilling the great object of a land tax. With reference to the min- ing question, he would say that under the pre- sent system wages would gradually decrease. He would totally repeal the Gold-fields Act, and give the miners speedy justice, by granting perfect freedom of action to the local Councils. He would allow mining on private property on pay- ment to the owner for the damage done to the surface, according to the usual method of arbitra- tion. The export duty was a tax on industry. He would establish a Mint. The subject of tariff reform he had not yet had time fully to consider, but be might say that he did not like to see these colonies imposing duties on what they should not, and not imposing them on what they should. He had studied the tariffs of every colony, and many others besides, and he believed these colonies were exceptional in their action. Look to America. Protection was not, perhaps, the sole cause of American prosperity, but it had, at least, a share in producing it. They had a tariff ranging from 4 to 30 per cent. on some articles, and on others they put 15 per cent. Canada did much the same thing. They found, then, all these great and rising States endorsing, more or less the principle of protection; aye, and even Bri- tain doing the same (hear, hear); and why should these colonies be alone in their system. Not that he wished in the least to go back to the old Toryism. (Laughter.) No; but Britain taxed colonial tallow and other articles, and ought not these colonies to take the hint? (Hear hear, and laughter.) Was not that economically just and morally fair? He had heard of a law by which we were bound to love our neighbours as ourselves; that was we were to love them as well, but not, that was aware of, any better. (Laughter.) He would therefore, place a tax, not on the necessaries of life, but on arricles of luxury—upon carriages and such like, which people could do without if they lied. He would tax property in proportion to its amount, and make wealth pay its share. (Cheers.) Now for the short-time movement. Trade felt the benefit of it, and its blessing ought to be spread. He would go further still; he would introduce a measure to legalise the eight-hours system, and mike it a fair day's work, which could be sued for anywhere (Hear, hear. ) There should be no more trying to enforce a 10-hours day. He would next allude to the Masters and Servants Act—that black and burning disgrace to their legislation. He would destroy it; and more, he would protect the workman by a Lien Bill, by which he could fall back upon the produce of his labour until his wages were paid. (Cheers.) It had been said of him that he was a shy supporter of the present Ministry, and he had even been called the St Patrick's candidate for Colling- wood (Laughter.) Those who knew him best knew how there could be no such charge against him. Rather, perhaps, might he be alarmed at the bugbear of the Catholic vote, as it was called. (Laughter.) He would tell the whole truth. How had he behaved formerly at the Olympic Theatre, at Hockin's Rooms, and in all other places? he had had any partiality for them, George Why, he had been one of the very first working men who had attacked the present Mi- nistry. (Hear, hear.) But, even supposing Harker's address had driven everything of the kind out of his head (Loud laughter.) When he heard that, he had said "Whoever got in, he must try to put out the Ministry." Har- ker's speech had decided everything; that miserable skeleton and rag of a speech which gibbered out the very ghost of a Land Bill! (Loud and prolonged laughter and cheers.) But, al- though he (Mr. Don) had been taunted with mi- nisterialism, he was not going to foster the cry of bigotry (Hear, hear.) He did not include in his enmity the whole body of his Irish Catholic fellow-colonists (Cheers.) Accused, too, he had been of being a mere trading politician by his venerable friend Mr. Fawkner (Laugh- ter.) Had that venerable gentleman seen him the other day returning from his work, his hands bleeding from the rough touch of bluestone, he would not perhaps so have charged him , he worked out his living—he lived upon bluestone, not politics. (Great cheering.) In the last two years and a half he had spoken at no less than 150 meetings, and he preferred the doing of his duty to any reward. It was asked who was to support him if he were elected? Who support him? He, too, had his feelings of honest pride. Why, who had sup- ported him these two years and a half? (Loud cheers.) Yes, it was himself. He could get away from his work at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, pretty much as Messrs. Nicholson and Moore, and others could, he supposed. Ah! that he verily believed was their very greatest objection to the eight-hours system,—the working-man could be ready for 4 o'clock (loud laughter); and it they could not go to Parliament, they could go to the Library—that institution for which they owed an everlasting debt of gratitude to Judge Barry. (Cheers.) If in the House, he might perhaps go for payment of members when the time should come for such an arrangement, and he could vote for such a measure with perfect honour. Till then, he could still go, unless perhaps some small compensation should be thought no more than proper for legislative ser- vice on the part of public servants. He should vote for it without a blush, as it would be, in the end, a real economy. But he would not be a pauper, depending on his constituents, nor send round the hat (laughter); and now it depended upon them (the electors) whether the exertions of a long time should end in a practical result. They might have cheap bread, high wages, and plenty to do if they only would. (Hear, hear.) They knew something of their duties, and the ballot-box was the best way of petitioning. He had no personal ambition to standing as a candidate. To be elected would not be a bed of roses, but thorny, and up-hill work. What be sought for was the success of his principles, and not personal honour, and hoping they would not forgot the thoughts he and others had so long laboured to instil into them, though they might forget the man, he begged to thank them all for the patience with which they had listened to him (Cheers.) A Committee was then appointed to superin- tend the necessary preliminaries for securing Mr. Don's return, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Mr. Wilson Gray was in the room, and was called upon to address the meeting, but declined, on the ground that the meeting was strictly one of the electors of Collingwood. 