SEORÉT SERVICE MJÜfGSÜVBES. (To the Editor of the Stèr.t BiR,-iSnclosed I hand you ft letter which came to hand thia morning, addressed to me by mistake, as I know notting of the writer. It is Aron Ballarat, and-1 therefore | send it to yon in the hope it may find its war J back to the writer. - * j -1 am, sir, yours truly, « JERQUE O'SHAUGHHESST. 1 Melbourne, 24th August. ' ? | MT DEAR 0'S«*****r, -Those d-d Protestants will be the death of oar canse. Yon cannot form the remotest conception of the prejudices of these English and Scotch heretics against you aad your colleagues in power. I Tery mach regret that, for the sake of the issue of the Ballarat West elec tion, there are not more of Father S****'s flock on this aide of the creek. On the east side, the venerable doctor has made the thing aa right as was possible under the cir cumstances, but on this side I fear we are outnumbered. But never mind. No stone has been left unturned to work other agen cies, and you' would be gratified could yon but see the devotion of Baker and Gillies and Fraser, and a few of their more intimate friends. Some unfortunate blunders'made by our candidates have operated and will, I fear, operate to our disadvantage, but I still entertain the hone that the "beU Wethen" as that cursed Star by the Holy Virgin has 1 Centre nous) most happily christened our two men and their intimate associates-will sue« ceed yet. A nd if they do there will be two more elements furnished m support of the pensions you and your colleagues in pow«r have so well earned. Aa I intimated in one of my previous communications, our candi dates will not nor can they hold a candle to the fellow Bailey, but our cry is, " Bailey is a friend of the squatters," and I hope to G-d the cry may do ns some good. He is any thing but that, but if we do not get up a yell of that sort we are lost to all intents and pur poses, and even with that, I may tell you in confidence, our chances nre very very so BO at present Your suggestion that we should work teethe utmost the dodge about Bailey being tfie Editor of the Star, and no digger, has not been lost sight of I assure you, but has been pushed most industriously, both by myself and my man Friday, as* that d-d Star (again very happily) called him once. There is unfortunately one defect in this dodge, and thafis, that Bailey is not the con trolling Editor of the Star, and is not there fore justly liable for its political doctrines. But this is not known to the mob of " yel low breeches" as Ireland-the facetious fellow -called them when he was np hero. As to his not being a digger, I really was ashamed to try that on, it is so utterly stupid a cry, but Baker-and he is perhaps the safer coun cillor in this business-says it must be tried, for it will take with a few at all events of the miners. So I let him take his own «ray, and I have still some hope the thing will do yon some good at the poll. Tell Ireland that infernal Brown's leases business has just been raked up afresh, and through some very ill-timed arrangements on the part of the leasers, the Court of Mines bailiff has been this week selling up the poor devils of anti ' 4easera. Two of them were arrested to-day, and report says were put into limbo ; at all events they were released by that cursed McDermott. We are doing our best to coun teract the influence against you by these leases, by getting onr men, Frazer and Gillies, to go in heavy against them, and even to promise compen sation to the anti-leasers who, by the holy father, are at the very edge of starva tion with their wives and little ones. It is a little hazardous, perhaps, but the move must be made, even although it should be Been through. This will be done, however, more to influence the Ballarat voters than the men at Smythesdale; for at the hitter place, I fear, we have not the merest ghost of a chance. Could these elections have been anticipated, or rather, could we have antici pated having so popular candidates as Bailey and Serjeant to fight, it would have been better had that Brown's business been left alone. But, as you very truly say, it is now too late to talk about that, and so we must just let things take their course. It will be a devil of a fight to-morrow, but we are straining every nerve to carry our men. I will telegraph the result of the poll without a moment's delay. H we beat, tell Ireland I shall be down pretty quickly, and we will go out to - and have another jolly node with those two Hebes we wot of there. B***e requests me to thank yon for your prompt consideration. B*****d's chances are at zero in Ballarat East, and he has desired me to say, that as the Chairmanship is not secure I for another term, if you could think of him when a vacancy occurs, he would be infin itely your debtor. I had almost forgotten to say that I am sorry Ireland should have let slip so ill-advised a speech at Chewton about his being able to come to Ballarat and get returned. I know very well that it was only a bit of bis cheek ; but, as that old blackguard Talleyrand has it-a blander is worse than a crime,and so that speech of Ire land's was in bad taste, and dangerous to our general cause. " Here he. is execrated by the miners; and, as I have already said to you in private conversation, it would be a good thing for our chance of success in this elec tion if we could get the miners to forget that Ireland is one of the Government, and there fore one for whom our men, Gillies and Frazer, are to go in to secure the reins of power till February. As, if our men get re turned, there will be come ground to hope for your retention in power till February and the pensions arrive, permit me to congratu late you, by anticipation, on the easy future which lies before you, when you and Ireland can enjoy your otium cum aut sine dignitate, according to circumstances. I must now bid you farewell until the election is over. Yours anxiously, JOSEPH HENRY D***a. 