A TWONDERFUL NARRATIVE. STRANGE DEVELOPMENTS IN SPIRITUALTSM. TIHE DEAD RISING FROM THE GRAVE. We find the following strange story in the :Urbana (Ill.) Union, credited to the Crown Point Register, Lake county, Ind. The latter paper says: We have received the following letter'fri' Dr. John Morton a gentleman of veracity and high professional standing, formerly from Cleve land, Ohio, and an old schoolmate of ours. We .think its perusal will convince our readers of the entire truth of all that is said about modern spiritualism : Grand Traverse, Mich., May 24, 1858. Editors Register,-I send you the following account of a most extraordinary event, or trans action, or what you will, because, in my opinion, it ought not to be suppressed, but, on the con trary, thoroughly investigated. In the midst of the excitement .here, such a thing as calm and unbiased examination is altogether out of the question; nor would it be safe to attempt it, inasmuch as the determination of the people is strongly to " hush up." As I myself am one of the chief characters concerned in the affair, I dare not attempt, if I possessed the ability, to determine the character of what I am about to relate. I left Cleveland to establish myself here, as you will remember, some time last July-a young and inexperienced physician. Almost the first patient I was called to see was a Mrs. Hayden-a woman thirty-five years of age, a strong constitution, and a well-balanced mind (apparently), and (apparently) with little or no imagination. She was, however, a "Spiritualist," with the. reputation of being a superior " me dium," Her usual physician, Dr. J. N. Wil liams, was absent- hence her application to me. I found her laboring under a severe -attack of typhus fever, which threatened to prove fatal. Having prescribed for her, I left, promising to send Dr. W. as soon as he returned. This was on Saturday morning. At night, Dr. W. took the patient off my hands, and I did not see her =againuntitFridiey ovoning of the ensuing week. I then found her dying, and remained with her until her decease, which took place precisely at midnight. She was, or appeared to be, rational during the whole of my visit, though I was in formed that she had been delirious the greater part of the week. There was nothing remark able about her symptoms; I should say the dis ease took its natural course. At the time of her disease there were in the room beside myself, her husband, Mrs. Green (her sister), and Mrs. Miles, a neighbor. Her husband, whom I particularly noticed, was very thin and weak, then suffering from a quick con sumption, already beyond recovery. He bore the character of a clear-minded, very firm, illi terate, but courteous man. There had been some subdued conversation, such as. is natural in such scenes, the patient taking no part in it except to signify, in g faint and gradually diminishing voice, her wants, until about an hour before her death, when a sudden and indescribable change came over her features, voice, and whole appearance, a change which her husband noticed by saying, with, as I thought wholly unwarranted bitterness " There goes those cursed spirits again." The patient hereupon unclosed her eyes, and fixing a look of unutterable emotion on her hus band-a look so direct, searching, and unwaver ing, that I was not a little startled by it. Mr. 'Hayden met it with something like an unhappy defiance, and finally asked of his wife what she wanted. She immediately replied, in a voice of perfect health, " You know." In a few moments she continued in the same voice, and with her eyes still fixed upon her husband- . " William, in. your secret soul, you do be lieve ".pe " Wife," was the imploring reply, that is. the devil which has stood between us and Heaven for so many months. We are both at the very verge of the grave, and in God's name let him be buried first." . Apparently without hearing or heeding him, she repeated her words "You dare not disbelieve ?" "I do," he replied, excited by her manner, " while you are denying, nay, if you were dead, and should speak to me, I dare not believe." "Then," she said, "I will speak .to you when I am dead ! I will come to you at your latest hour, and, with a voice from the grave, I will warn you of your time to follow me l" " But I shall not believe a spirit." "I will come in the body, and speak to you; remember I" She then closed her eyes, and straightway sank into her former state. In a few moments-as soon as we had some what recovered from the shock of this most ex traordinary scene-her two children were brought into the room to receive her dying bles sing. From .that moment her breathing grow rapidly weaker and more difficult; and at twelve o'clock she expired apparently without a struggle. I closed her eyes, straightened and composed her limbs, and was about to leave the house. Suddenly Mrs. Miles screamed, and Mr. Hay den started up from the bedside, where he had been sitting. The supposed corpse was sitting erect in the bed, and struggling to speak! Her eyes were still closed; and, save her open mouth and qui vering tongue, there were all the looks of death in her face. With a great heave of the chest, at last the single word came forth "Remember !" Her jaw fell back to its place, and she again lay down as before. I now examined her minutely. That she was dead there could be no further possible shadow of doubt; and so I left the house. On the following day Dr. Williams made a careful and minute post-mortem examination of the body. I was prevented by business from attending; but I was informed by the Doctor that he found the brain but slightly affected- an unusual fact in persons dying of syphus fever -but that her lungs were torn and rent exten sively, as if by a sudden, single, and powerful effort, and suffused partially by coagulated blood. These were all the noticeable features of the case. She was buried on the afternoon of the same day. * * * * * About two weeks after the death of his wife, I was called to visit Mr. Hayden. On my way I met Dr. Williams, and told him my errand, expressing some surprise at the preference of the family lor myself, as I knew him to be a safe and experienced practitioner. He replied that nothing could hire him to enter the house. He " had seen things that-well, I would find out when I got there." .On my arrival I found no person present with the patient except Mrs. Green, who informed me that the spirits had been playing such pranks that not a soul, Dr. W. included, could be in duced to remain. The children had been gone for some time. - While I was in the house 1 noticed many manifestations of the presence of that power called spiritualism. Chairs and tables were moved and removed, billets of wood thrown upon the fire, and doors opened and shut without any apparent agency. I heard struggles and unac countable noises, too, and felt an unusual sensa-' tion, caused,.no doubt, by the mysteries which surrounded and mocked me. Noticing my manner, the patient observed "It's nothing.' You must get used to. it, Doctor." . Spealking of his wife, he said "Youheard Ellen promise to warn me.of my time to:die ?" ': "I did-but do you believe-her'?" '?tNo.:: If' it is possible, she will keep her word, in spite of heaven or hell. But it is sim ply. inpossible. She promised to comb in the body and speak to me. I shall accept no other warning from her, save the literal meaning of her words." \- "'And what then ?" "'How much of her body is there left, even now, Doctor? and she has not come. yet. She promised to come from the grave. Can she do it'? :No, no; it is all a humbug-a delusion. Poor Ellen I Thank 'God, Doctor, the. -devil which so haunted .her life, and stood between her soul and mine, cannot reach her now." "Biiut if sh6 should come? 'You may bede ceived." "I cannot. Others must see her, too,, and hear- her. I shall believe no spectre, if there are such things. Her body as it is, or 'will he, let that speak if it can !" From that day up to the hour of his death I was with him almost constantly, and was daily introduced to some new and startling phenomenon On the morning of March 20, 1 called earlier than usual. During this visit the manifestations of a supernatural presence were more frequent, wild, and violent than before. I was informed that they had been exceedingly violent during the preceding night. Their character, too, had greatly changed. Beside the moving of all movalle articles, the tinkling of glasses, and the rattle of tinware, there were frequent and start 'ling sounds, as of whispering conversation, sing ing and subdued laughter-all perfect imitations of the human voice, but too low to enable me to detect.the words used, if words they were. Still, however, none of these unusual sounds had en tered the sick room. They followed the. foot steps of Mrs. Green like a demon echo, but paused on that room, as if debarred by a superior power from entering there. "I found.Mr.. Hayden was worse, and sinking. very fast.' He had passed abad night. Doubt ful 'whether 'he would survive 'to -see: another. _inm ning, I left him, promising to call at even ing and spend the night with him, resolved in .my secret thoughts to be "at the death." If there was to be a ghostly warning I meant to 'hear it, and, if possible, to solve the strange enigma. The day had been exceedingly cold and stormy,; and the night had already set in dark and dismal, with a fierce gale and driving storm of rain and hail, when I again stood beside my patient. The moment I looked at him I per ceived unmistakable indications of the near ap proach of death upon his features. He was free from pain, and his mind perfectly clear; but his life was ebbing away with every feeble breath, like the slow burning out of an ex hausted lamp. Meanwhile the storm rose to a tempest, and the gloom grew black as death in the wild night without. The wind swept in tremendous gusts through the adjoining forests, rattling the icy branches of the trees, and came wailing and shrieking through avery crack and cranny of the building. Within there was.yet wilder commotion. All that had been said or sung, written or dreamed, of ghostly visitations, was tiTen and there en acted. There was the ringing of bells, moving of furniture, crash of dishes, whispers, howls, crying, laughter, whistling, groaning, heavy and light footsteps, and wild music, as if in very mockery of the infernal regions. All these sounds grew wilder with the rising gale, and toward midmight they were almost insufferable. As for us three-the patient, Mrs. Green, and myself-we were as silent as death itself. Not a word passed our lips after nine o'clock. As it grew closer upon twelve o'clock (for upon the striking of that hour had my thoughts fixed themselves for the expected demonstra tion), my agitation became so great that it was with extreme difficulty I could control myself. Nearer and nearer grew the fatal moment for fatal I perceived it would be to the patient, at least-and at last the seconds trembled on the brink of midnight; the clock began to strike - one- two - three ! I counted the' strokes of the hammer, which seemed as though they never would have done-ten eleven-twelve! I drew my breath again. The last lingering echo of the final stroke 'bad fairly died away, aC-'i s yettlhere was no token of any presence save our own. All was silent. The wind had lulled for a: moment, and not a sound stirred the air within the house. The ghosts had fled. I arose and approached the bedside. The patient was alive-drawing his breath very slowly -dying. The intervals between his gasps grew longer-then he ceased to breathe altogether-he was dead ! Mrs. Green was sitting in her place, her elbows resting on her knees, her face buried in her hands. I closed the open mouth and pressed down the eyelids of the dead. 'Thouen I touched her on the shoulder. "It is over," I whispered. . "Thank God!" was her fervent reply. Then we bothistated. There was 'a rustling of the bedclothes. Mr. Hayden was sitting erect, his eyes wide open, his 'chest heaving in a mighty effort for one -more. aspiration of the blessed air. Before I could reach the bed he spoke- : " My God I she is coming!" At the same instant the wind came balk with a sudden and appalling gust and a wild shriek as it swept through the crevices of the building. There was a crash of the outer door-then a staggering and uncertain step in the outer room. It approached the sick-room-- the latch lifted. -the door swung open-and then-my God! what a spectacle ! I wonder, even now, that I dare describe it think of it-remember it.. I wonder I believed it then, or do now-that'I,'did' not go mad or drop down dead. Through the ipei 'door Lthe?e stepped a figure-not of Mrs. Hayden, not of her corpse, not of death-but a thousand times more hor .rible-a thing of corruption, decay; of worms, and rottenness. The features were nearly all gone, and the skull in places gleamed through, white and terrible. Her breast, abdomen, and neck were all eaten away, her limbs were putrid,, green, and inexpressibly loathsome. And yet to those, putrescent .jaw's there was borne a voice- smothered, indeed, and stranige, but distinct " Come, William I' they wait 'for you! I wait !" I' dtred'not turn my eyes from the, irtruder; I could not, if I dared, though I heard a' groan behind me and a fall. Then it-the thing' before me-sank 'down upon the floor, in a heap, dark and loathsome a heap of putrescence and dismembered frag ments I I remember that I did not faint, that I did not cry out. How long I stood transfixed, fascinated, I know not.; but at last, with an effort and a prayer, I turned to the bed. Mr. Hayden had fallen upon the floor, face down wards,. stone dead. ' I raised and replaced 'him-I composed his limbs; I closed his eyes and tied up his chin;' crossed his hands :upon his' breast, and tied. them there. Then I bore omit the body of his sister insensible, but not dead, into the puro air -out of.that horror and stench into, the storm and darkness--out of death into life again; County of Grand Traverse, Miohigan, `S.S. :Mrs. Josepha H. Green, being duly sworn, deposes and says that the .letter of Dr.' John. 'Morton, hereunto appended, which she has read, is strictly true, so far. as it goes, though' much of..the historyof--what occurred at her brother's (the late Mr.. Hiyden) house is omitted,' and thus she deposes of her own knowledge. JOSEPIIA H. (rREENE. Sworn and: subscribed before me, a Notary Public, .in and for the county of Grand Traverse, and State of Michigan, on the 25th day of May, A.D. 1858. JAMEs TAYLOR, Notary Publio, County of Grand Traverse, Michigan, S.S. James Hueson, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he, in company with George Green, Albert J. Bailey, and Henry K. Smead, on the 1st day of April last past, in the afternoon of said day, did go to the house of Willianf H. Hayden, therein deceased, and that they found upon the floor of the room in which the body'of the said deceased lay, and near the door of the said room, the putrid remains of a human corpse -a female as the deponent verily believes and avers; and that they carried away and buried the body of the said Hayden, deceased; and found the grave of the wife of said Hayden, de ceased in the month of August last, open at the head of said grave, and that said grave was empty of the body of the said wife of the said Hayden, deceased, being gone from said grave ; and that they returned to said house wherein said Hayden died; and, after removing the furniture from said house, the deponant did, at the request of Mrs. Green, sister of said Hayden, deceased, and of Mr. Green, brother-in-law of said Hayden, deceased, set fire to said house, and that said house was thereby entirely con sumed, with all that remained in said house, this I aver of my own knowledge. JAMEs HUESON. We aver and solemly swear that the above affidavit is strictly and entirely true, of our own knowlqdge. GEO. GREEN H. K. SMEAD A. J. BAILEY. Sworn and subscribed before me, Notary Public, in and for the county of Grand Traverse, and State of Michigan, on the 25th day of May,, A.D. 1858.: JAMES TAYLOR, Notary Public. 