DUNOLLY. VitGU A C0KUK31VNDE3T. Dimollv, Jan. 11th, 1S59. Thr Public Wosk3 or tub District. — Where Is the telegraph oiBoa to be, aud when U it to bo erected ] are questions vitally atfeotiug our iutaro-sU, especially when wo see by the GiKttie a buiu is sat dowu iu the estimates for thU purpose at Alary borough, while in behalf of Dauolly the Government have made no Bigu. Truly we have heard some vague hluf» about a buibltas being- hired for tho pur pose, we forming only a Bocand rate community iu the estimation of the ruling powers. Exmomy forbids a lavish expenditure of a hundred or tu-n pounds for a telegraph otn;a in the centre of a dis trict yielding 3,000 ounces of gold weekly, but ioes -reat propriety iu wasting £10,000 (aud the rcsO, for a gaol aud £170 for a telegraph otfiue iu another district produuiug not half as much gold, consequently considerably lass revouue. Something deeper thau appears ou the surface must be connected with all this favoritism, or whenca auch an indecent desire to ssrve Maryborough exhibited by the People's Ministry. Those iu the secret, however, iuiagiuo they do kuow somewhat of the cause. Ugly hints are thrown out an to the connection of members of the Cabinet with a certain towuship. ' The gaol an I su ? tr*:mrt QiurC Or WB am nmimtA _' 14 (tmiml. ing in their ears. Thus light it sacrificed and vested iuterestra es. Anotherqu-ntisn equally attveting our interests u meeting with inexplicable neglect, vit , tha roul to Tarrougower. By thU route the distauce to Melbourne will ba re-lucsd (at the maxi mum) to 105 miles. A direct Hue will be opjueJ up to all tho great north-western goUl-Seldj, without pas ing through Maryborough It is to be hoped that such a desirable work will bt speedily undertaken without further uouecesjarv delay. Tub1 Comi.no Mk.i — Speculations are rife as ta who are to be our representatives iu the Reformed (?) Parliament. It is whupered that ouo of the leading members of the Convention h cistini; u longing eye thitherwards, and that ono of Mr O'Shauajsy'd sup porters i3 booked for the other. 'There's many a si p 'tween the cui' aid the lip,' and the advics of Mrs Partiogtou's, ' first catch your hare,' may, perhaps, ba appropriately given iu this instance. The prevail iug upiuiou, I believe, is, that siwk a caudidate as the latter would not h*vti the ghost of a chauce iu this portion of th-J coiwtituoucy. MiNi.xa Matters. — These continue to feel the de pression geuerally following the holidayj. To vary the scene, however, nuother splendid lump has been turned up iu tha old lead. Ita weight is 0 lb 7 02 15 dwt3, and was fouud by HujWs pwty, who are «aid to have netted over 20 lb duriug the last three mouth*. Tht-y obtained half-auounce from the claim yieldiug this nugget some three months before, but had only just resumed working it wheu they discovered this sphudid piece of gald. Doubtless the success hitherto attendius; the syste matic workiug of tha old grouud will iuduce other companies to start, and eventually the whole of it will b9 ve-worked. The late ma^niSosnt discovery at M'iatyre's has attracted considerable attention to that quarter, aud the hitherto almost neglt-vted branch of gold sinking, quartx mining, is likely to ba opened up with vigor. The whole o.f tha reef ha3 been taken up. Several of our business men have 'an interest in it, and many disputes, necessitating the intervention of the Warden, have occurred. All expre&i; astonUhineut at the surpassing richness of the prospect. Some of the stone yielded an almost fabulous amount of gold for the quantity crushed. Ths least ntnouut I am not at liberty to state. Suffice it to say, it trauJcemUanytliiug in Victoria; and pro bably iu the world. Saudy Creek is beginning to show some sigua of resuscitation. One of the crushing mills is turning out 500oj par week — an ugly fact for thedetrao tors of our district. Forty tons of quartz crushed from the Sabbath reef yielded just over an ounce to the ton, but the owners are by no means satisfied with the result. The rnsh to Crowlandu, although drawing forth such lamentations from Maryborough, has not and other rusha-t of a similar uavare, have contributed somewhat to fix our miners where they are doing a j little. By bitter experience they have fouud that it is betier ' to bear the ills they have, thau lly to others they kuow not of;' better to wmk the ground they know, than run off to that they dou't kuow, even j though it be but a tew miles distant. ! A ludicrous instance of defective maohiuery, or something worse, aud roguery outwitted, is said to have occurred at a neighboring field. A party wished to sbII their claim, aud got vsuv a quantity of stone, into whioh they put six ounces of gold. The quartz wcw sent to be crushed, wheu lo ! the total j ield was three ouuees only, being nn actual loisof three ounces, supposing the quar'z really to have been worthless. If true, this will bo a matter for inquiry, I therefore refrain saying anything more about it at present. Tho niuars of liunit Creek have been considerably beuefited bv the rains, enabling them to wash a great d«al of ground, otherwise unprofitable. Same are facing the ground out, takiug all before thorn aud though the returns aro not large they aro realising ftir wage3. I kuow of a five ouuee uuggv't having been found iu the locality. A complaint ha-*iug besn preferred against tha Miuiug Surveyor for this district iu the columns of the MaryboroKijh, Adeertiw, appoariuj also iu your turning summary last week, it is but fair that the facts should be f\dly stated, and not aa exparte state uiijut of opinions like that referred to. So far as I can gather the following is correct : — A party of six miuers applied to have their miner's rights registered for a pieoa c-f grouud on the Wet Lead. They stated their object to be to make up the party to twelve if possible. Shortly after other six miuera applied, f jr a part of the ground, regU'ered, ouly for six, but suffi cient for twelve. The Mining Surveyor of course re gistered them and proooeded at their request to mark out the grouud. Ou arriving at tt © ana-d of opera tions he found the shsft of tha origiual party ou the lower end of the ground ; he therefore aecordiug to request, measured off the upper end ftr the new comers. This did not suit the firat party, who wished to retaiu the upper part of the ground, but theiv shaft b«iug confessedly oaths lower.they had, of course, re aovt&et;'j »U;ri-jtit to |h» ufpst, w&ijh; wm, tht^foit, open for occupation. The ca«o is likely to come before tbs Mining Doard, and it is said even the Chief Secretary. One of tho general rules of the Mining Bjardsaya, ' Iu all ca«H where the right to certain grjund forms nutter of dispjte between miners, each claim shall bo measured from the boundary pegi op posite te the »idt» of the claim in dispute.' It is therefore difficult to underntand how the Mining Hoard can be expected to override their own rule. _ Ono thine to be noticed iu this atl'air is the insuffi ciency of Warden's nccominodation at Duuolly. No stated hours are fixed in which ho may bo seen; miner* are obliged to dance attendance for days together, aud from some unexplained cause iu this iustance the War Jen is said to have refused to interfere in the matter, and when asked his opiuiou, tho answer was, J ' You way consult a lawyer for a pound.' We are unwilling to believe that this arose from discourtesy on behall of the \Vardon, but certaiuly do think in an important district like ours, the Police Magistrato aud Warden's duties phculd not be combined but filled by two gentlemen, bo as to enable the Warden to dovoto his uudivided attention to tho iniuing interests. 