MAITLAND OHUISTMAS UACK8. Tho It win commenced on Mondiy on tho Kuthorford ci.nr-*.-, and Inrtmintoly for tho enjoyment ot tho pleu^uro flefkir*. wtm |m«kvd rather 'glutu'' and 'down in tho mouth,' I'* they witno^dd tho de.-ceuding rain on .Sun tiny, tho Monthly. morning's etui iopo, not (juito uu u'oudeil, but HiOi-:i«'iifly ho to dispel tho o'nuds upon thn fices of tho discontented ones, who quickly mado np their mindn f.-r a duyVun This It ioi;-co\u«o was in very gnod condition ; tho ruins of Sunday had only tho pleading eU'i-ct of allaying the annoying clouds of dust, which would so materially interfere with the course of amUfjemont. ; tho ground being rendered tough and spongy. A goodly number of horerm«'u wove upon the o-mrne, the *' uterrjur sex*' predominating to n largo ex lenr. ; only u tow ol tho ladies, in all tho width of tho prev.iiiing modo, and iu tho height of their (-tir)pjSHing iovnlities-) graced tho sceno. The Hoollnt neemed to bo driving a thriving trade; tho voUriui of the ' m^rry'' d uty paying diriful and tn irked hotnugu in their liba. lions towards tho clone of tho day. Order, however, pre vailed during tho race* ; and the few occurences to tho contrary happened after tho dny'n programme anil nmeo from cirounmrancos extraneous toupoit. Wo regret the-e disgraceful rows, and nro glad to notice tho prompt at tendance of tho polico toquoli them. From tbo number of persons on the courw, we nhould argue tho deoline of tho good old sport, of hon'o*r»oiiiirt were it not for tho exciting interest token by those who .itrendod. The distance, then, must havo boeii tho prin. oipal roinon of the moderate attendance, About one o'clock tho bell rang to saddlo for tho Cu ii iutmah Box of Twenty- fivo Snvrrniu'iH, with aswonp ol two sovereigns euoh added, for all horse* that havo novor won a prize exceeding £\W% including sweop Hti.kcs; he»ts, one and a-half mile ; weight for age. The seootid horse to rcceivo £5 from the prize. Mr John Mnyo'n b m Merry Maid, 5 yn», 9«t 5lbs ? .....(Riley) 2 1 1 O. YuungM h g Sportsman, aged, 9jt 0dm 13 2 Arthur Cobcroft'n bg Little Native, oged. o^toibA ? ? ? ? a 2 T. Browu'i b m lNdsou, 4 yrs, Bat lllbJ 4 0 In hotting, Sportsman wm decidedly tho favourite. Aftor two fdso starts off they went, Morry Maid having tho lead ; l'oi'on and Sportsman well togothor behind, and iu this order they- disappeared behind tho surub. Upon again coining into view, the Maid had taken the second placo \ Sportsman loading. In going round tho second t ime, Morry Maid oropt, up to Spnrtiuuau, but was unablo to piss him; and a good race hot wean tho twoou flned, Sportsman winning the hoot by about a length, both riders flogging. Little Nutivo a good third, and Poison nowhere. Time, JJ'ii. ISyeo. Second Meat. — Merry Maid again jnroped ofTwith tho lead; Littlo Nitivo knd Snort- uniu well up. Merry Maid maintained the load with tightened rein throughout tho heat. Good running homo between the Maid and Lirtlo Native. Sportsman hold. Poison in the distance. Third Heat.— SporUmaii' altered tho position of af fairs by taking tho initiative, and thereby rained the hopes nf hid boulters. Merry Maid, however, kept close to his heels, and iu tho straight running overtook and pauod tho gallant hav, maintaining her position, thoiu'h with considerable difliculty ; a pretty race homo ensued, tho cheerful virgiu huviug tho beat of it. Time, 3in. 20-ec-\ Tbo Trial Stakbs of Fifteen Sovereigns, with a Sweep stakes of One S'verelgu each adiled, for all hor'cs that havo never won au advertised prize : weight for age ; ho.Us, once round. Mr \V. ll'irosny's ch m Who'd-ha'. thouffht.it, C yrn, Uit Olbs ? (Smdl) 2 1 1 Jno. Mayo'ri ch f Nell Gwynne, 2 yrs, 0-t . 1 Hbi ? 12 2 ?. Ilu^hca' ch tu tha/,y Jtne, 3 yrsf 8-t 1 libs ? 0 0 Betting divided in favour of WhoM- ba'-thought-itand Noll. In thri fiMt heit Noll Gwynno t«nk the liberty of allowing tho way, closely followud by Whu'd-ha'* thought it, Crtizy J.iuo evidently without the ghost of a chance. On passing thoHUnd. up the hill, alongtho straight-run* ning the same order was oluerve.d but in the run homo Nell had improved her position by several lengths, and cume in the ptemior hard held. Second Heat. — A line Mart, Crazy Jano with tho l*nd which she did not long keep, being overhauled by Nell Gwynne, who, iu her turn, hud to succumb to Whu'd.bu' thought-it who won the he.it, by ohotit a length. Third Heat. — An excellent start ; Woo'd-hV-rhousbt. it a trifle iu front ; a splendid race up the hill, Nell Gwynne ahead along tbw st.raiiihMminiiu*. but on re appearing from behind tho scrub WhoM-ba'-r.hought-it had a alight advmtai:e. In ibis oider the running con tinued, Who'd-ha'-thought-it improving her portion, and reaching tho goal hard held and ao easy winner. Thin concluded tlw advertised races; tho 'SVulter Stakes not being lidod uj», but o mitch for XM, between Mr Troy's brown mare, and Mr Crofton'd ehenuut horse, distanco half a mile one event:, cuno off, resulting iu favour of tho mare. Several other matched caiuo oil' during tho continuance of daylight. During the interval between tho firfit nnd second beat* of the first race an accident occurred, fortunately only fatal in its ropultH to two horse*. Tbo particulars are briefly noticed. Two hard bended individual ridels were riding at opposite directions and their horses meeting at full gallop wore ho mmdi injured by the cmcu*sion, aa to cause death to ensue almost immediately. Neither of tho riders wejo seriously injured, the flow of a, little blood being tho only loss thoy have sustained. No other Occidents happened, nnd tho concourse wonded their way hornoward at about six o'clock, all apparently well plcusod with tho day'd enjoyment* Tuesday. The second day of the Ohristmns Races oponed fair and sunny, with a light breath of refreshing air; nnd with every prospect of a fine clear day, without great appre hensions of excessive boat. Tho numbers* however, wending towards tho race-course whs considerably less than on the previous day, Maitland having agaiu assumed rather a general business stir than a movement in favour of sport. We aro essontially a u nation of shopkeepers,' and soon tiro of pleasure, unless very great inducement* and attractions nro held out and tho possibility of 41 turning a shilling' is palpably indicated. We fancy it would havo bcon wiser, if practicable, to liavo merged the whole of the races into a single day, beginning early in tbo morning at this season, and under tho depressed state ofbusineFS now prevailing: and so, many additional entries might possibly have been obtained, and tho wholo affair havo passed off with eclat. Arriving on tho course, we (bund the paucity of atten dants had cast a slight damp upon the spirits of the gay and speculating turfites. JCvery thing proved that a material difference iu numbers and animation of purpose was to bo apprehended from tbo first day's races. Tho booths were mglccted, and solitary customers were to bo seen nt tbo bars in soarch of company nnd the glass that ' choeiV' nnd sometimes inebriates. Bonifaces looked glum, under a forced attempt to ' put tho hott face on it.' Tho officers of the conrso met nnd discussed tho im pending dullness with significant calmness, and yet de terminedly prepared their arrangements with regular and firm spirit, trying to cuforco an air of free and pleasure able excitement over tho proceedings of the day. A little after mid* day, tlio bell rang out for the first race, and tho horses drew up iu position for Tub OuntsTMAs Box of Twenty Sovereigns, * with a Sweepstakes of Two Sovereigns added, for all horses ; to bo handicapped by tho Stewards, or whom they may appoint. One event, twice round. Mr G. Brown's b g Lord Raglan, aged, Ust Olbs (Shaw) , 1 John Mayo's b m Merry Maid, 5 yrst 8st Qlba 2 Cobcroft's b g Little Native, aged, 8st 8lbs ? 3 William Ramsey's ch m Who'd-ha'-thomrht-it. 5 yrs, 7st 71bs ? ? ? 0 Lord R&glan; and Merry Maid wore the favourites in tbo batting circles. Who'd* ha'-thought-it Jumped off with tho lead. Merry Maid second, attended by Little Native; Lord Raglan, like a prudent general, nserving bis strength for tho finish. Going down tho hollow tho second time, Little Native got up steam and displayed his colours in front for a fow seconds. When tho straight running was approached, Lord Raglan mado piny nnd pnsxed his forward antagonist easily— beating Merry Maid by about two lengths ; Little Native third, and Who'd-ha'-thought* it bringing up the roar. Tub Hack Stakes of Fifteen Sovereigns, with a Sweep stakes of Ono Sovereign each added, for all bona fi(U hacks. Heats, once round. Tbo winner and any other horso starting in this race to bo sold by auction immediately after the race— any surplus over £20 to go to tho Uaco fund. Mr Isaac Gorrick's c g Oocky, npod . . (Snell) Oil Ramsey's bf Young Queen, 2 yrs ? 1 3 2 A. Scott's bg Bally,- aged ? ? ? 0 0 0 J. Keen's hf Princess, 4 yrs ? ? 0 0 0 A. Scott's b g Foxhunter ? ? drawn FiiBt Heat. — Tho lot went off well together? but th® Young Queen very early showed an inclination to bo nt tho head of affairs, and won the ambitions point in tnking tho first beat. Bully second ?, the TCBt tailed off con— fiderubly. Second Heat'.4— This event was a g'ft to Cocky, nono of thootbors being able to foot with liirn for any portion of tho distance; ho ran aB ho liked. Youug Queen saving for tbo nvxt equestrian circuit. 1 Third Heat.— Cocky took the lead, wab never headed, I and won the race hard held.' | Tn accordance with tho conditions of th'* raco, Cocky won afterwards sold by auction by M r. R. N. Sadlenr, nnd knoeked dnirn at Mr(3orriuk being tbo purchaser. 'J be Rratks Staicch. of eight sovereigns, with a sweep, stales of one sovereign each added. Tor »|l beaten hor-e? during tho meeting ; on« event nf ono mile and a ball' j to bo handicapped by the Mewnrds or whom tlicy may appoint. Mr Cobcnift'n h.g. Little Native, nged, fist, filbv (Thompson) ? 1 Mayo's c.f. Nell Ciwyune, 2 yrfl fist. Gibs. ? ? 2 petting— ovon. A eapitnl start was efTocted, tbo two going of! together, at a rattling pace, and racing neck ami-neck for some distanco ; on coming up tlio straight running Little Nntivo was leading by a length, which position bo maintained for somo distance} at tbo bill, the rider of Nell Gwynno woke her up with tbo ' per suaders'' and whalobnne, nnd succeeded In passing Little Native ; going down tho hollow tho fllly was leading, but wbon they next came iu view, she was behind, evidently pumped out, and tho Littlo Native won bard bold. At the termination of this rnco a most disgraceful row occurred : Nell Gwynne's jnrkey having alleged that Thompson, tbo rider ol Littlo Native, had struck liiin over the faco with bis whip, a set of quarrelsotno ruffians surrounded Thompson, and ono more bold than tho rest, caught hint by the arm, and endeavoured to drag him oft tho hohte, while others struck him with their whips, Mr Qarvhi and Sergeant Kerrigan promptly interfered, and, aided by a few friends of law aud order, succeeded Iu quelling the unseemly disturbance. At the conclusion of the advertised programme, the stowards announced that they would give a sum of £G to bo run for by all horses that bad not run fur'an adver tised prize during the meeting. Weight for ago; mile heat*. Tho followinghorses started for tliifl race— » Mr CI iff. 'a b.g. Dred ? (Clifton) 3 I 'l Brown's lirg, Brian O'Lynn. ? ? ? ? 12 2 Troy's br.m. Joke ? ? ? ? 2 4 0 Mr Olift'n gg. Snako ? 0 0 0 Mayo's g g. Ituutcr ? 0 0 0 ; Mr Ingall's b.m. BecBwlng ? ; 0 0 0 Betting: Brian O'Lynn against anything named, and In ono instance he was bucked evon ngaiust the field. The lot got away well togothor, whip and spur was freely used, and' after a gamely contested race, Brian O'Lynn won tho heat by half a neck. Second Heat, — A good start was cflectrd ; Dred going to tho front ,nt once, and tho riders of nearly nil the othor horses flogging ns if their exl«tonce depended upon the amount of punishment they adminWterod to their horsos ; Dred, howovor, came in a winner by about two lengths, 13 1 inn O'Leynn Second, Hunter third, and the rest nowhere. Third llrat.— Dfed took (he lead froth th6 jump, wna ucver beaded, nnd won as he liked. A sweepstakes of £1 each, was then run for. Catch weights; oneevont; one mile. Mr Cltft's b g, Be True ? (Edward*) 1 , P. Kelly's, bg Olmnco ? ? 2 BneU's, b.g., Latolycome ? ? ? 3 Dines', b.g. Civility ? ? ? 0 This was an excellent spurt, tbo horse* racing from the jump; Be True and Chance left tho oihorfl behind, and aftor a rno^t exciting struggle Bo True won by half; a neck. Civility attended Mr Snell's lato arrival. Altogether wo cannot boar.t of tho rsces as a dcctded and, par excellence, huccoss. By far the larger proportion nf tho inhahitantf fleorn to have inclined to. spend tho holi day nt Newcastlo. The trains were crowded with visi tors to that port, nnd the largo excess were obliged to go to the roots nolns votrm as thoy could not obtain passage by the rail to tho haven of their desires, and would not, of courte, lounge idly about town. Unfortu nately Rutherford Is at a distanco ; and we earnestly hope that means may be tnkon to got a conrso nearer town, pending tlio opening of f bo railway in that direc tion : for we heartily wish the sports of the turf to bo well pntroofscd. But wo apprehend rhe lino will bo opened be fore another rucc* at Ituthcrford take place. have the Fntisfacti -n of writing In favouiable terms of the coiir tisy, tnct, and prompt bearing and attention of the stew nrdH and other ofllcors of tbo Uncc Club, which were highly comnicndablo. 