®$en Column. _ For the opinions of Correspondents expressed here we are not responsible ; we give every pitase of intelligently expressed opinion a place in this column, refusing ito useful letter merely because its sentiments diffe from our own. POLITICS AND POLEMICS. (To the Editor of the Star. J SIB,-You are a bigot. I thought so when I read your late article headed "Political Organization," but now I know it-"Firbolg" has said so; euphonious name-I believe in " Firbolg:" he saya you are not a genius, and nought but his modesty prevents his suggest- ing the contrary about himself. But, " Firbolg," thou hast taken me captive, and I will e'en pronounce the word for thee-thou art a genius. Sir, you axe not a genius. Ton ask my ground of proof :-short-sighted mediocrity not to perceive what "Firbolg" has seen, and proscribed, and dashed in pieces by a fiery combination of poUtico-eccIesiasti co-journalistico-ex- officio-epistolary thunder and hghtning. Odds fish and "Firbolg," Sir, the proof is in your article. The article betrays so profound an ignorance of the nature und politics of the church you tacitly malign, and so frantic a divergence from common ptU'ience as to certify to everybody -tliHt is m " Firbolg "-that you are not a g< niu6. What have you said ; what your much quoted Age; and what the " Firbolg?" Listen. Sir, and learn ; learn aad be penitent ; fa pujit-nt and amend. If not, look out far the Nen'ts'is of bigots and the conical tile of the fo:l. They butli await your continuance in possession of a pair of ventricles composed ( f '. nether millstone," and dreadiess of the wiall» of that unbigoled larg- -darted genius "Pirbo'g"- "J.O'S." waits; " the pale bru«(-t!" waits; "Holy Church" waits; y a, the " Firbolg "' w;.i s. Oh, Sir, be wise in timi-, and he contritely wise. If you bcei.me them not, I fear, by all that's bulky uni savage, yet curiously refined in the " J.O'S. ' by all that's terrible in Ireland's ; suave veracity and parity of morals, by ali thai** jnyb'ss but (eclesiastically) loyal in the " spinal marrow and backbone politics" of the " pale browed;" and by all that's pellu cidly weak and harmless in the Government organ in Ballarat-nay. even, too, by all that's funny in the " Firbolg"-I vow I fear 1 don't know what may happen. But again I ask, what have you said ? what the Age f what the "Firbolg?" Don't ask me who or what is the " Firbolg." Suffice it to say, he is inspired, and has a heaven-born logic which reasons conclusively up from fussy politico-ecclesiastico-public spirit to good and honest hearted Irishmen, who fought like bricks and bled like their own pigs for the glorious constitution and thirteen - pence a day; giving up their Hi- bernian ghosts amid unearthly visions of Saxon and Celtic brotherhood fused in one " happy family," with the fine old motto float- ing every|where, Une Foi une Roi une £oi. My good father believes in spirit rapping and clairvoyance, though mother pooh poohs the whole business, and my spouse appears to regard the thing as an unravelled mystery, occult as the virtues of the " people's minis- try," or the trustworthiness of our Eastern Licensing Bench and its stipendiary chairman. I read the " Firbolg's" letter to him, and he at once pronounced the writer to be what is understood among spirit rappers as a" me- dium."-"Stuff and nonsense," ejaculates my unbelieving mother-Imust tellyouby the bye, as a secret, that she is a strong minded woman-or rather she used to be before Süss Stanley and the ladies' committee of the Female Home sapped the vitals of her strength, and left her like a shorn Sampson, even as a common-minded woman with a most uncommon disposition to doubt of men and things in general. Mary Jane cries out " What do you mean by a ' medium,' Uncle? " To this the only response was an intimation that I would tell her; which I endorsed by promising a domestic lecture on media generally, giving forthwith, by way of sample, a conjugal baiter d'amour as a medium of very intelligible, though not very ghostly communication long since in vogue between my poor little wife and me. But these uxoria! and domestic kisses and blisses are leading me astray from the "Firbolg;" I return to thee, mysterious one, and through thee to thy bigot, and through thy bigot to the Age, the biggest bigot of sJL "Fie, fie, Sir Anthony" Age, we have a .« Firbolg " up in this Ballarat, who, if he did bot live in Mel- bourne would strip you of your canting bi- gotry or proclaim your wickedness from St Peter's to St. Patrick's. Ton say the priests have an "organisation" of the "Catholic vote," and the "Convention vote,'* and are busy hunting up what you call rum homines for the coming elections in order lo support the " J.O'S," and you darkly hint at even another and older and more important eccle- siastical organisation which exists "always and everywhere, and has its head-quarters elsewhere th:tn uiider thc shelter of the British Crown." Gammon! and Arch bigotry! The Pope he leads a jolly life." That's" a misprint by a bigot, too. It originally stood, "Bishop"and «-holy." What business is it of yours, Sit Age, if "Holy Church" does organise and' plot and suborn and threaten, end coax, and - ct:xen in J behalf of the " J.O'S." Is be not the mao of the people, sad sb» the mitlnm rr^..f#Bíij|^^4gaiSC-¿ aaá>á m&L;] Hj^TOf» imite* JR«;'*S¿«S:H "subom^orio^ smfes^ aa.yoa wffl sneer- l trouHjme&kyoukimwi;^^ There are j my»taie8istbe|^eu^ Ii ,fem««Kpr yjnr wti"** «hontihW Jkmegal j distress business,and your "atrabilousness" then betrayed your bigotry also, : as also in the late goat tormenting case. In great things as in small your bigotry misleads you, Look at Ireland, and at Italy, for proof of the good you snarl at. Are there elsewhere so fertile a soil and so happy a clime, so much jolly maccaroni, and potato eating, or so much-" stupid stolid ignorance and craven spiritual slavery," you will hiss out of course. Faugh (a-ballagh) ceide mille maledictions on such heresy. Grace a Dieu that the " Firbolg " has come out to chastise such insane bigotry against a church - you hate. What are you, if cot a Enoxite, a Calvinist, or a Lutheran? I suspect you are a follower of him who brutally insulted the beautiful Roman Catholic Queen of Scots" with not very soft impeach- ment of unwomanly passions and mortal felony ! Why you are worse titan the blunt John Bull juryman I have heard of, who refused to find - à proved murderess guilty, exclaiming, " What ! hang such a pretty woman as that! oh, no." Now that man had a soul above a rope and a knot for the loft er. He had a sympathy with the beautiful and a reverence for woman. Such common Christian charity, however, is not yours. You would meet with an " atrabilious" ne- gation what did not comport with your ideas of morality, or social order, or ecclesiastical propriety. As if you could comprehend the mission, or the destiny, or the proprieties of the Church of the long ages, or could fathom the depths of her mystic duties m connection with " political organisation." Go to, man -you have yet to learn the very rudiments of Roman Catholic political ethics, and the sublime soul-power of the " Firbolg." Can yon not open your «yes and see her an tiquity-see her rising, spreading, growing, and liberty and light, and the wealth of science and of literature, and of social eleva- tion and purity, rising, spreading, and grow- ing with her, fostered by her, and maturing under her maternal and benignant auspices ? Dost not see about her a concinity of adaptation, a sweet, holy, uni- versal harmony further construction ? and in her working all the silent unobtrusive retiring but ever vigilant activity, and per- sistence which proclaim her "always and every where," the friend of God and man the champion and protectress of mental, social and political freedom? Sir, you are a bigot-" Firbolg" has said it, and I suspect you of judicial blindness-You have followed the Age in bounding down the Roman Ca- tholic Clergy, and you talk of "men of Jesuitry" and low cunning, " whose words of unreserve have led you to exclaim "or- ganization and priestly interference in poli- tics must be discountenanced by every legitimate means. " You are wrong, Sir Your bigotry blinds you to the beautiful vision of the holy and the useful which the unclouded eye of the unbigoted beholds and admires in what you so impiously call " priestly interference in politics." Oh, could you but see with the eyes of the " Firbolg," Sir, what reminiscent glories, sacred as the potatoes and pigs of his fatherland, and green and fertile as her flower embossed vallies and uplands, would suffuse your soul with a mild but rapturous piety and brotherly kindness, and thick-coming apparitions of J.P.-ships or snugly salaried berths in tins better land of no rint paying. Tell me what kept back his fatherland from the guilty infidelity and vulgar purse proud wealth of Britain, and fed ber upon paradisal manna according to the approved dietetics of the vegetarian Cornaro, Peter the Hermit, and John the Baptist, dashing in by way of con- diment, a scant and healthful supply of feeble buttermilk, clothing her children in cosmo- politan and well ventilated breeches, sheltering them in hovels theBritish purse-proud infidels thought not good enough for their cattle, and j kept her ever in a genial glow of ignorant and unprogressive turbulence. Tell me, I say, what preserved all those blessings to the "Firbolg's" fatherland but that vigilant, deathless, restless, unscrupulous, all en- compassing influence which your pitiful j bigotry essays to brand as " priestly inter- ference in politics. Interference forsooth 1 Are not God's priests the salt of the earth; and how can salt act as a sweet savor if it | does not permeate " always and everywhere" organising everything for the good of "Holy ] Church," and this poor taxpaying, ratepay ing, tythe paying, dues paying, omni-creedi vorous humanity of ours. Sir, you are a bigot, and therefore blind, and I look for no I intelligent response. That influence is here It aids the " people's Ministry." It j helps to bless us with fertilising showers, of erudite and spotless J-Ps., and to secure j for us a Parliament of good men, faithful and j meekly true, or betimes rowdily valiant for the "J.O'S/' But you see only some dim admiration of a ghoul-like evil which threat- ens, in your '-atrabilious ' vision to sap the basis of our best and dearest hopes ot future progress and prosperity. Narrow-souled, imprescient, you would limit the priest to his purely clerical and pastoral duties to instruct- ing youth in practical piety, to visiting the widow and fatherless in their affliction, and keeping themselves unspotted from the world, examples of Christ's holy religion in deed and in word. These are but a part of the true clergyman's whole duty. Sir bigot, ' you are forgetting in your bigotry that the duties of " Holy Church" involve not only ritual observances but a benign fingering of the domestic and social pie at all times and places, and the " organisation" of social and political ascendancy that shall ever and everywhere strive to bless with ALL she has of protection, tuition, and absolute guidance and control. Thus her tentative labors point to a time when there shall be but one fold and one shepherd, and lots of herdsmen shall at all times be watching and preserving and folding and " farming" a vast and united and docile flock. Then shall : there be no more need of the " Firbolg's" holy fire of valorous remonstrance. But you believe the protestant lies of history, and would apotheosise yourself as a freethinking , Bible-reader, who sees the Roman Catholic ghosts of the middle angels ever revisiting " the pale glimpses of the moon" to advertise a degenerate England and Scotland that from " the hollow eternities" there ever echos the irrevocable policy of " holy church," and that gaunt ghosts point now with weird fingers through the humanly impenetrable space to a weary wax of ages yet between that policy and the policy of the free Bible-readers and creed-questioners every where in the world, whose champion, your vanity, would fain make you-You are deluded Sir,-Thought is an evil if it be not sacerdotalised, for it ever leads to here- sies and does not pay tythes with a kindly hand-Do not tell me thought has fraternised with love and built churches and hospitals and asylums and penitentiaries and educated' everybody's children in art and science, and literature, and opened up a glorious vista of progress and hope for all who will swarm to the standard of the questioners. What ts all that—a sham truth. The no-thought' crystallisation of the creeds of councils did all that nearly ; and it did more. It made ' its kingdom into an ecclesiastico-psychologi cal hospital, where all were patients and all drank deep of the mediaeval chloro- form ; wondrous soul operations were performed, and even the crowns and fee simples of empires were treated as fees by the apostolic practitioners, who wore cowls, or red sombreros, or a head gear episcopally conical. Sir, " Firbolg" is right, and speaks as a "medium" when he says you are a bigot. Little hope remains for such a recu- sant as you from the Church of your ancestors of the "dark ages." Yours, &c;, FREDERIC " ^^^^^}We^méaí^néá»m. ÉB^^flayi intfif tibe ?^äp^ j rf^ey IÄTC flow to rtgUter.anolher process recently' com muníc&tea; ta the Academy <bf Sciences by Dr, Bot¿hut j¿ígo tie same gentleman announced that; when asphyxia is ; imminent ' in cronp the patient is in an anesthetic state, in other words/insensible to pain. This state. Dr. Bonchnt takes advantage ol ia order to ¡ introduce a tube into the glottis. : To - effect this . operation .a probe of ; a ipeculwr constmctíon is used ; die tube is from 6 to Í5 ¡milli- metres in ¿liameter, and from 18 to 24 in length ; it is fastened to two silken cords, " ' by ' which it is ; moores!, so to 6ay, to a cottar. outside, to keep it in its place'. It might be supposed that the larynx, which is cw irritable that a single drop of water Or a crumb going the wrong way, according to the familiar expression, wOl eause, consi- derable coughing, could hardly bear the permanent contact of such a tube j but Dr Bonchnt 4ias-found bj -experi- ence that the mucous membrane of the larynx easily gets accustomed to ex- ternal irritations, and that patients tolerate the tube very well. It is kept in for a day or two, until the pheno- mena of asphyxia have disappeared. The false membranes in the trachea are expulsed through the tube by ex- pectoration, and the seat of the dis- ease may be directly acted upon through it by the insufflation of bicar- bonate of soda, or by introducing ' proper instruments with which to clear the windpipe. In a subsequent paper, read at the last sitting of the Academy nf Sciences, Dr Bonchut establishes curions statistical facts con- cerning this disease. From the tables he bas compiled it : appears:-1. That croup is much more frequent in males than in females. 2. That it commits its greatest ravages at the ages of two and three. 3. That from 1837 to 1853 the mortality by croup in France for every 1,000 inhabitants had nearly doubled. 4. That from 1847 to 1858 it was five times larger than in 1838 5\. That the number of deaths by this affection throughout all France during the last 32 years is 10,044. Now, as it cannot be proved that the cases of croup have increased during that period in a double or a fivefold ratio, Dr Bouchut attributes this increase of mortality to the practice of tracheo- tomy, which has become more frequent since 1840, in con- sequence of Dr Trousseau's learned learned lectures on that operation. Dr Bonchut is by no means led to infer from th's circumstance that trache- otomy is useless or hurtful ; but he contends that it is had recourse to long before the patient's case is hopeless by any other means. If it were practised at the last st: ge, when the patient has become insensible, it might save a child exposed to the risk of all but cer- tain death ; but when performed while there are fits of suffocation without anaesthesia it will cause the death of the patients who might still have a chance of a spontaneous cure. -GaUg nam's Messenger. 