. , THE REV. FATHER HECK&R;'-S LECTURE ON THE RELATION OF RELIGION WITH HUMAN NATURE. In ready accordance with the wisli of our American Correspondent, we reproduce the New 'York Freeman's Journal's report of the above-named . ' divine's able lecture' sit St. Joseph's Church, on Sunday evening, February 9th. . The audience numbered between two thousand and two thousnnd five hundred persons. Father Hecker prefaced his remarks with an allusion to tlie pleasure he felt in again appearing before St. 'Joseph's Congregation. Here he had first com menced his career as a Missionary in the United States. The mission given here, nearly eight years ago, pave tTie first impetus to the work that he and his companions have since pursued all over the United States. Remarkable as had been many Bf their missions, none of them had blotted the re membrance Tie bad preserved of that first mission, Mid of the faith and the fervor of St. Joseph's Parish. Father Hecker proceeded by saying: It is a strange nud unnatural condition when a Jarge class of an intelligent community have no fixed reVigioiiB belief. From authentic sources we iearn that mote than one half of our population, arrived at the age of manhood, stand aloof from all religious parties. What has 'brought about this abnormal condition of the minds of men ? Are the American people indifferent in religions matter*, or .: infidel, or irreligious t Such is not our opinion. They are earnest, and susceptible of religious im pressions to a remarkable degree. Witness the scenes and effects of tho recent religious revival ex citement ! Merchants leaving their counting-rooms in business hours — for what ? Why prayer meet ings! and our halls of public amusement turned into places of religions worship — and our streets placarded in large letters with texts of Holy Scrip ture! A retigious enthusiasm was awakened tliat recalls the movements of the Crusaders in the ages of faith. Sunly a people among whom such events take place cannot be said to be indifferent in matters of religion, or deficient in religious sensi bility. What then is the cause that so large a class of ?our people, with strong religious instincts, have no fixed religious belief? One of the principal reasons, in our judgment, is this-: The prevailing systems of religious belief present Christianity in such a light that intelligent men have no other choice than either to become fanatics, or profess no positive religious ueuei at ail. xney tneretore nave repudiated all Teligious sects and parties, and look forward and seek for a religion which coincides with the dictates ?of reason, and is satisfactory to the religious wants and aspirations of the heart. This is the attitude, and these are the demands of a large and intelligent ?portion of the American community. Are these demauds unreasonable or extravagant ? We think not. Assuredly the religion which comes from man's Author cannot contradict man'Sjnature, ?but will find its fast foundation in his breast'; since it is repugnant to right reason to supposejfconira tliction in God or in his creation. £ Where then can we find that religion faf which ?these men are seeking? A religion whichjBpognizes . in every faculty of man the wor'knjansffip^of God, takes up in its scope all his en^^p'afr'and directs them all to his sublime destiny ?''* We cannot, of course, enter upon all the points of relation of religion with man's nature in one lecture j we shall have to content ourselves with two as a test, and these of the_ more nipmmenl and popular.* : . 1\. What is the relation of religion, to the deep yearning of man's heart for spiritual communion ? 2\. What is the relation of religion with the senti ment of respect which he always pays to things hallowed by the wise, good, and great ? Man possesses a spiritual nature, and powers which extend beyond the visible into the realms of the un seen. One of the deepest yearnings of this spiritual nature is to communicate with the inhabitants of the ?piritual world. His soul delights in vast con nections. To deny this is to deny one's own con sciousness. It is to deny the history of the race, and the teachings of all religion whatever. Open the records of history, and you will find on almost every page testimony to the belief of the communion of the soul with the other world. Socrates, the ancient sage, believed that he held constant converse with his guardian spirit. Read the biographies of the world's celebrities — a Ctesar, Mahomet, .Luther, Cromwell, Napoleon, and you will find in them witnesses to the same belief. The -writings of the poets, ancient and modern, are ?tamped with the strongest evidence of the workings of this instinct in the soul, and they owe not a little of their popularity to the description of its strange and 'fascinating power. Who does not remember bow large ashare the workings of this instinct has ?iu the dramas of Nature's great poet — and the words he puts into the mouth of Hamlet on this subject f ' There are moro things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of In your philosophy.' The religion of all nations, with the individual ?consciousness, testify to the belief of communion with- the soul and spirits, between the living and the departed. The ancient religion of Egypt, Greeue, Rome, and India, and the modern ones of the Britnns, Gauls, Australians, and the Indians of our own continent, give tho strongest evidence of this belief. It enters into the very essence of their structure, and it is a point— if not the fundamental one — of them all. For what else did men, and do they yet, practice magic, necromancy, conjuration, soothsaying, and similar supeistitions, except from the belief that by , inch means they are placed in relatiuns with the othor world ? In truth, there is no instinct of our re ligions nature more intonse and deep thnuthat which has given birth to the common belief of communion With the worltTof spirits. One of our own poets* gives it energetic expression. He says : ',' My spirit ycarna to bring Tho lost ones back— yearns with desire intense, And struRKlus hard to wring. Tho bolts opart, and pluck thy captives thence.' Let me appeal to your own consciences. Who is there hero who has knolt beside the grave of one lored and lost, and believed at that moment that all the sacred ties of friendship and affectiou were wholly sovored ? No ; in his inmost heart he felt how deep and indestructible wiire those 'ties which bound him to the departed one, and in grateful relief-exclaimed: The living and the dead make one communion. ; As the religion rovealed by the Creator of man must meet the wants of .his nature, it follows that an instinct so deep, intense, and universal as thin is, should find in if a welcome, a scope for all its ener gies, and for it's proper direction, But as'lhere are two parties,- Protestant and Catholic, who claim to possess tho religion of man's Author, Christianity, lot us demand of each their nuawor. What says Protestantism to this instinct of man which points beyond tha grave ? It is dumb, and if it speak, it is to condemn and repudiate. '.Bryant. Protestantism repudiates this wonderful instinct of our spiritual nature : it cuts off its relations. wilh the spiritual world, and does its utmost to stifle it in the heart. And thus, by its isolating creed, makes a void in the soul which fills it with wretched ness and despair. But human nature is Wo much for this unnatnral religion ; and finding no welcome, no support in its worship, it seeks for sustenance elsewhere, rather than wither and die of inanition. Hence the origin of modern spiritualism in Protestant communities. For what else is 'the meaning of all modern spiritu alism and evocations of the dead, except that this spiritual instinct, finding iu tho systems of Protestant belief no adequate answers, no sympathy or support, goes blindly groping about in its distress among the the realms of the dead, to discover something which promises, at least, to satisfy its deep, deathless, irresistible cravings 1 Oh, it is pitiable to see men who rank among our lawyers, judges, physicians, and grave senators, strive to quiet the restlessness of their unsatisfied hearts by their faith in spiritual mediums, by listening to table- talking, and following rapping women1. And in their attempt to fill up the void of their hearts by a false spiritualism, disorganize the minds of their votaries, open the door to loose morals, and lead them to premature death, perhaps to suicide. Protestantism has most, signally failed to answer man's instinct for spiritual communion, and direct his religious nature to a perfect development. And a religion which does not answer to the primal wants of our religious natnre, can never come from that nature's Author. What now is the Catholic answer to this mys terious instinct of our nature f She welcomes it as the work of God, gives fwll scope to all its energies, and directs them to the highest and noblest objects. The Catholic religion opens to man's spiritual vision the doors of Paradise, and discovers to him the bright anu'els of the court of Heaven, and the ?saints reigning there with Christ, and appeals to his sympathies by teaching its relations to the faithful departed: for the Church triumphant in Heaven, the church suffering in the place of Purification, and the Church militant upon earth, form one bond of union in mysterious sympathy. The Communion of Spirits, from apostolic times, has always been an article of Catholic Faith. In instructing her children on this point, the Catechism of the Conncil of Trent .teaches that ' The angels are commissionsd by Divine Provi. dence to guard the human race, and to be present with every man to protect him from injury/ As parents, when their children have occasion to travel a dangerous way, infested by robbers, appoint per sons to guard and assist them in case of an attack, so has our Heavenly Father placed over each one of us in our journey towards our heavenly country, angels, guarded by whose influence and assistance we may escape the ambushes of our enemies, pursuing steadily the path that leads to Heaven. The Sacred Scriptures abound in examples, which give us the idea of the benefit conferred on us by the ministry of angels. For instance, the angel Raphael was ap pointed by God the companion of Tobias. An angel delivered the Prince of the Apostles from prison. It is also believed that there are guardian angels ap pointed for communities and nations. What is better calculated to refine the heart and elevate our thoughts than the belief that these blessed spirits are onr constant companions, watch over us, in order to bring us to the celestial Jerusalem, where one day we will be satiated in diawing with them from the divine source of eternal truth and love? : But our spiritual faculty of communion is not exhausted by our relation with the angels. The Catholic Religion teaches also that the Saints reigning with Christ offer up, their prayers to God for men ; that it is good and profitable to invoke them, and to have recourse to their prayers, help, and assistance, to attain favors from God. By thus teaching the Catholic faith places the soul in fellow ship with the army of martyrs, confessors, and sainted sires, and a host of men whose eminent piety, genius, and learning have won for them aa immortal fame. The circle of the spiritual relations of the soul is not yet completed ; there is a communion between the living and the departed. There is a place — so teaches the Catholic faith — where the souls of the just are detained until they are purified, in order to be admitted into their eternal country, into which nothing defiled cntereth. What can be more grate ful to the human heart than the belief that we who are on this side of the grave can, by our prayers, our alms, and other good deeds, reach and alleviate the sufferings'of those beyond it ? How beautiful it is to see Religion sanctifying the tie between the living son and the deceased mother, between father and daughter, husband and wife, between life and death 1 What affecting consolations are suggested by this tenet of the Catholic religion 1 She is truly the | mother of our souls, for she clings to her child even beyond the grave, and is not content until she sees it securo and safe as a citizen of heaven in its own home, the bosom of God. It is in this manner the Catholic religionjopens to the soul's reason and its sympathies the realms of the invisible world. This instinct of spiritual communion finds, in this threefold relation with angels, the saints, and the blessed dead, full scope Tor all its energies, the highest objects for its gratifica tion, and its sanctification. What a contrast the Catholic religion presents in this respect to that religion which plumes iiself as a s/?iri7t«i/ Christianity — a religion which disowns one of the strongest instinctsof our religious nature, shuts out from men's sight the angels and saints of hea ven, and cuts of from all his sympathies his relation with the departed— a religion which admits the temptations and wicked influences over men of the devil and his fallen angels, nnd denies and repu diates the celestial and beneficent influences of the holy angels and the saints of God — n religion which strikes out from its creed the commnnion of saints ap. .superstition, and devoutly believes in the fellowship of evil spirits ! What » contrast with the Catholic religion, which recognises man's nature as God's woikmanship, finds its support in its instinots, and by sanctifying them leads man to eternal bliss I Surely, if it bo the grent end of religion to direct all our energies heavenward to our sublime destiny, the Catholic icligion fullils admirably this divine mission. Intimately connected with the instinct of com munion with angelic spirits and the departed, is the feeling of veneration for tho remains, the monu ments, and even the localities hallowed by the wise and gooil— the heroes of humanity and religion — a sentiment that ' Dotli hallow, in tho core Of hunmn hearts, the ruin of a wall, Where dwelt the wise and wondrous.' ? There are few if any persons who have not among their heart's treasures some trifle kept sacred, cither in memory of human love or departed greatness. Perhaps it is a lock of hair, a ring, or a miniature that speaks to you of the one honored, loved, or revered, but now departed. There' are few families, if any, distinguished or obscure, but have some relic of their. ancestry which is transmitted as an heir-loom from generation to generation with feelings approaching to veneration. Innumerable are the monuments raised by nations to honor their sages, heroes, and distin guished sons. In France, the s'atue of Napoleon I., or something else to remind you of his genius, meets you at every turn. England honors her kings, war riors, and great statesmen, by raising them up high on columns in her streets, and fills her vast cathedrals, such as St. Paul's and Westminster Abbey, with the statues, busts, and mementoes of her poets, writers, and philanthropists. At home, what do we find here? Our parks, public halls, and private houses are adorned with monuments, statues, and pictures of those whom we delight to honor. Need I name the battle monuments and the statues raised to the heroes of the Revolution — above all, the Father of his Country, George Washington — that are everywhere throughout this wide land ? Even the birth-places, the dwellings, and the graves of departed greatness, and whatever was near or associated with them, creates indefinable sen sations of enthusiasm and loving respect. How else will you account for the large sums of money that have been paid for a hat of Napoleon, or a tooth of Nelson I How else will you explain the fact that in the Patent Office is treasured up, as a relic, a full suit of dress of Washington, and the military coat and sword of the hero of New Orleans ? Why many of our countrymen prize a walking-stick made of the old frigate Constitution ? It isbut the other day that I read in the papers that the possessor of the Mount Vernon estate sold timber off the place to the amount of 12,000 dollars, to be manufactured into Mount Vernon canes and snuffboxes. It is the same instinct that led men to have pieces of the Atlantic cable made up as mementoes in breast-pins and watch-seals, and cheer with loud huzzas as a large coil of the cable passed up Broadway in last summer's celebration of the laying of the cable. To such extent was the enthusiasm, that it was related by a Protestant minister, at a supper given in honor of Cyrus Field, that in delivering a 'lecture on the subject he exhibited a piece of the cable, and that an old man on his dying bed heard of it, and sent a messenger to him to say that if he could only get a sight of the cable he would be content to die. The minister took the memorable relic to the bedside of the dying man, and no doubt on beholding it he was ready to chant his Nunc Dimittis, and died in peace. ^'? There is no instinct which is more universal in its sympathies, more popular in its' expression, and more natural to man, than the one which leads him to respect and even venerate what is associated with great events, or great deeds, or great men. But what does it mean? what is its significance ? what its import ? Let us make its purpose clear by an illustration. Do yon see that young man with the miniature, or some other memento of his long-deceased mother ? He regards it with a fixed and pensive look. In his mind passes the scenes and days of his youth ; bis mother's love and tenderness, her counsels, ad monitions, warnings, come unbidden to his memory. To his shame and sorrow, they have been long for gotten and unheeded. His heart is touched, tears trickle down his cheeks as he thinks of the grief it would cause his mother 'were]she a witness of his sad condition. He wipestheteurawaji'rcsolvesto amend t' and to keep his good resolution, places that memento where it will meet often his sight, and remind him of his mother's counsels and his good intentions. Another : You see that man standing by and gazing upon the statue of the Father of his Country. He appears riveted to the spot. He is silent, his thoughts occupying his mind. What is passing in that bosom ? It heaves with emotion ; he crosses his arms on his breast and walks away wilh an earnest look, and disappears. You ask what passed in that man ? I will tell you. There was present to his mind the august presence of the Father of his Country. There came across his memory the many acts of virtue, the disinterestedness, self sacrifice, prudence, wisdom, and patriotism of Wash ington i and while these things took place, his heart swelled with generous impulses, he felt himself en nobled, and in the spirit of patriotism he resolved to serve his country as the one whose statue was before him. Will you deny the truth of this picture f Then I say that man was no man. He had not the in stincts proper to human nature — or he had not the heart of an American beating in his bosom. What was it that made men cheer with such en thusiasm at the sight of the cable ? Was it the gutta percha and copper wire? No; it was be- | cause it awakened in their breasts the feeling of human brotherhood. They felt that all men are brethren, and have one great human heart. The meaning and- significance, therefore, of sta tues, pictures, and other memorials, is this : they recall to our mind the ones they represent, and awaken thoughts and inspire sentiments in accord ance with their deeds, virtues, and genius. Surely, then, a religion which has man's highest interest at heart will not treat so powerful an aux iliary witli contempt ; but will do its utmost to en gage this propensity of our nature to aid in the ac complishment of its glorious mission — the elevation of man to the plane of his great destiny. For it is repugnant to right reason to suppose that God would giro a revelation to man, to undo, in the order of re. ligion, what he had done in tho order of creation. How then has Protestantism treated and answered to this natural sentiment of our nature ? Here as elsewhere the Reformers did their utmost in their fanaticism to make a waste in the human heart, by destroying in their hatred everything calculated to attract and lead this sentiment to its divine desti nation. Every one who has the slightest acquaintance with the Reformation, knows that it broke into pieces, wherever it had sway, the statues, and des troyed the paintings, representing Christ and the saints of God ; ' und even broke open the shrines of holy martyrs, and cast their consecrated dust to the four winds. They robbed the churches of God of all that was beautiful and holy, and to obliterate their pictured walls they whitewashed them — em- blematic of their heartless, barren, blank, and with ering creed. One might freely inscribe over the portals of their meeting- houses : ' Those who enter to worship, let them suppress all sentiments of the heart and the aspirations of the soul j there is no provision made for human nature here,' thus ex cluding the noblest work of God, man's nature, from paying worship to its Author. Such is tho answer of the religion of the Reformation to that universal sentiment of respect man has for the me morials of sanctified genius and heroism; and by its one-sided view of Christianity, repudiating this essential part of man's nature, it has deprived it self of one of tho most powerful and popular means of leading men to the great end' of their existence. Give it full sway, and it would palsy our noblest aspirations, dry our holiest affections? and spread desolation throughout the heart. | How now stands the case with tho Catholic reli jion? Does she regard .this aspect of our nature with a friendly eye, endeavour to meet its demands; and elevate and spiritualize this sentiment by holy objects and purest aims ? : The answer of Catholicity is an additional proof of her common origin with human nature. She wel comes this instinct, presents to it the higheBt, noblest, holiest objects for its gratification, leading it heaven ward. It says to man : You render homage to the wis dom of your statesmen, the bravery of your generals, and to the benefactors of the human race. You respect their tombs, inaugurate statues to perpetuate their memory, and erect magnificent and costly mo numents to their glory ; and in doing this you act a noble part ; for in thus honouring wisdom, bravery, virtue, you have been loyal to the noblest impulses of your nature, and proved that the virtues you love to honor are not extinct in your own hearts. Butreligiqn was not given to suppress what is good, noble, and true in our nature, but to increase, purify, and elevate it. Therefore erect noble and worthy temples to God's worship and honor. Let the sculp tor and painter consecrate their genius to the noblest of 'purposes, to represent the God-man, the heroes of religion, the martyrs and saints, and let -'the poet' sing of her glorious triumphs! You gaze upon the statue of the Father of your Country and its deliverer from the tyranny of a foreign foe, with proud and loving hearts. What then should be your sentiments when you regard the Crucifix, which tells you in most expressive language how much He, your Divine Redeemer, did to free your immortal soul from its powerful enemies. You visit their birth .places and shrines, and appoint days to celebrate their renown. Behold now the heroes of religion, their statues, represen tations and memorials ; be ennobled and hallowed by their presence, and exalt your sentiments to their high level of existence ! Here feel as sons of God begotten, with hearts exalted and surprised. She says to you : ' Enter into my courts, and worship your God and Creator with free souls and all your manhood j let all that i3 within you bless the Lord.' For this spiritual Mother will never disclaim those true feelings in the heatt of man. Hence it is you see in the Catholic Church the Cru cifix the first object that calls your attention on enter ing ; the Way of the Cross, the statue of the Biessed Mother of onr Lord, the saints, etc. But we may be told that religion is a spiritual affair. Men do not require these outward helps and appliances ; they are contrary to the spirit of the Christian religion. No doubt Christianity is a spiritual religion, but a a spiritual religiou adapted to men, who are not spirits alone, but spirits with senses, flesh, and bones and blood ; in a word, bodies. And to deny the need of outward helps to address our senses, is to deny every distinct doctrine of Christianity. Let us illustrate how every great principle of Christianity will crumble, if the objections of the votaries of a purely spiritual worship can be sustained. The fundamental doctrine of Christianity is that of the Incarnation. What, now, was the Incar nation? The invisible Daity becoming visible taking the nature of man, the Word mads Flesh. Could God have made stronger appeal to the senses ? But our spiritual worshipper needs no outward helps to address the senses. Away with the Incarnation ! We read of' Christ being baptized with water,' saying prayers aloud, chanting psalms, washing his disciples' feet, consecrating bread and wine. But our spiritual worshipper would have onr worship all interior and spiritual. Away, then, with all outward expressions, all sacraments; these all are Jewish notions, and only fit for carnal Jews. The life of this God-man is now about to close. His sufleringsbegin. Apprehended — condemned — carries the Cross — fastened to it — raised up between heaven and earth — prays aloud — stabbed to the heart — gives up the ghost. What a public tragedy ! The world was the stage, humanity the witness. What will our spiritual worshipper say to all this i Christ could have redeemed the world by a tear, a sigh ; alas ! Christ did not understand his mission. Hail to the new Messiah, who has given us Christi. . anity without Christ — religion destitute of all wor ship. Christ, the author of our nature, kneiv better. ' When I shall be raised up I will draw all men unto me.' But Catholicity appeals to the imagination, and Beeks to captivate the senses. It appeals to the senti mental side of man's nature. True : is the heart less the workmanship of God than the head ? Will God give to man a worship which shall exclude an essential part of his nature? That is a strange re ligion which teaches man that the right way to worr ship God is to despise and contemn his nobler work — the soul. You say Catholics are'idolatrous ? How do you know ? You see them kneel and pray to statues and pictures. I tell you the minds of the worshippers arc directed to Christ and his saints, whose images these are. Do you not take off your hat in saluting your friend ? Did you not cheer the cable when you saw the guttapercha and the wire t Do not grave English Protestants bow as they pass a stick of wood called a 'muce?' Your argument de serves no answer but the one Dick gave the parson : A grave Protestant Episcopal clergyman met Dick on his way home from vespers : ' Well, Dick, I suppose you have been praying to the images, as the priest teaches you J' 'I have been doing no such thing.' ' But you do pray to images.' ' I do not.' ' But I have Been you ;- you kneel right down before them and pray !' ' My intention is not to pray lo the image, but to the one it repre sents.' ' I care nothing for your intention. You kneel and pray to them !' ' Well, parson, don't you kneel sometimes when you pray ?' ' Yes, I kneel every night, but I kneel at the head of ray bed.' ' And it's the bed-post you pray to ?' ' No, no ! I mean to — ' ' I care nothing for what you mean to, parson. You kneel down to the bed-post, and that is what yoH pray to.' The fool was answered according to his folly. To sum up : In Catholicity nlone we find a reli gion which recognizes man's nature as God's work manship — a religion which embraces in its scope all his instincts and energies, and gives to them a divine aim and direction — a religiou iu which all the sentimenU of man's heart and the aspirations of hits soul find complete satisfaction, perfect repose, and supreme bliss. And we have no fear that the religion which meets fully the wants of the heart is not strong enough to stand the severest tests of the most rigid logic. For the affections of the heart arc also guides to truth, and as unerring, when pure, as the logic of the understanding. Strange as it may be, the Catholic religion has been concealed from the minds of the American people by ignorance, misrepresentation, and calumny, ns effectually as it was in curly times fiom the Roman people, when buried iu the Catacombs. I But this cannot always remain eo. No, among our ? people there are many ? truthful, earnest, loyal i hearts. There are those who already have caught glimpses of its Divine character. ' And the day is riot far distant, we love to hope, when pur people will recognise the truth of the Catholic. Church, proclaim themselves Catholic, and give to the Church a fresh and more complete development — one transcending in grandeur the past. I appeal then to those who seek a religion agree ing with their intelligence, satisfactory to all the wants of the heart, and meriting a future worthy of their highest and noblest efforts, to exercise their liberty and investigate the claims of Catholicity, assert their manhood, and pay loyal homage to lier Divine character. Majesty, Power, Truth and Beauty All arc aisled ' In this eternal ark of worship undcfiled. This remarkable lecture was listened to with the most intense interest by the crowded audience, and at its close the people seemed unwilling to believe it ended. 