i ... CHURCH* UNION. Tub following letter, s_ys the South Australian Jle gister of the 11th of January, from the Bishop of Adelaide, in reply to the letter of the Rev. Thomas Binney, has been forwarded to us for publication : Dear and Reverend Sir,-When men differ in reli gion'or politics, the sooner,they get to understand the principle or supposed principle which divides them the sooner are they likely either to agree or differ irreconcileably. So, far, therefore, from being "offended by the observations" which you have made on my second letter, I am thankful to learn from so competent an authority " the modes of thought and feeling prevalent in the non-Episcopal denomina- tions ;" and " the way in which they look at certain i ecclesiastical subjects. In England it always seemed to me impossible to. disengage those' subjects from the surrounding medium ; to separate them from extraneous matter, so as to look at them simply ?in the light of God's Word interpreted by spi- ritual understanding. In this colony, on the con -trary, where the great offonce to your co-religionists of a State Church does not exist, I thought religious 'questions, and among thom that of church union¡ might be approached froniiall sides clear of that mirage which deceives the explorer by exaggerating or dis- torting objects. Nevertheless I have observed front time to time invidious references made to past abuses or present difficulties of the National Established Church of England, as if they were of the essence of Episcopal discipline, and not the accidents of an. es- tablishment interwoven with the State for more titan one thousand years ; while, on the other hand, the isolation of our clergy from non-Episcopalian, minis- ters, not so much personally as ministerially, has not been reformed (as you now truly do) to its real Cause, viz., their,conscientiöus holding fast that which they believe to have apostolic and scriptural authority, but to the mere pride of social position, or the domineer iii" spirit of a State-favoured church, or a baronial episcopate. * , Had it been all along seen, as you now cleolly see, that we cannot recogniso your orders (though' we do not take upon ourselves to reject as ineffectuous your ministerial acts of baptising in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost), I should, not have been asked, as I have frequently boon, to admit non-Episcopalian ministers to offi- ciate in our churches, burial-grounds, school- rooms, artd co-operate with them in works essential to the prophetical office of the ministry, such as distri- bution of religious tracts, missions to the bush, Sun- day-school teachers' union, and lately to open our pulpits unconditionally for their use. The nile, how- ever, oil Which we act has been plainlj* laid down for usl, We do not forbid non-Episcopalian ministers to " cast out devils by preaching Christ's hame and Gospel, because they follow notus ; " but neither, on the other hand, do we find any warrant for " follow- ing" them. Compelled, then, from time to time to refuse such applications, I was not sorry to seize the opportunity presented by your arrival in South Australia of making it quite clear " why," and " why only," we hold ourselves ministerially aloof from non-Episcopa- lian ministers, though, as with myself, so with my brethren, our private and personal " feelings often kick against " our solemn convictions and pledges. I would simply ask you to read the following extracts from the Preface to our Ordination Service, and the Twenty-third Articlo, in order to judge fairly of our position : " It is evident unto all men diligently reading the noly Scriptures and ancient authors that, from the Apostles' time, there have been three orders of minis- ters in Christ's Church-bishops, priests, and deacons ; which offices were evermore had in such reverend esti- mation, that np man might presume to execute any of them except he were first called, tried, examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for the same ; and also by public prayer, with imposition of hands, were approved and admitted thereunto by lawful authority. And, therefore, to the intent that orders may be continued, and reverently used and esteemed in the United Church of England and Ireland, no man, shall bo accounted or taken to be a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon in the United Church of England and Ireland, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and admitted thereunto according to the form here- after following, or hath had formerly Episcopal conse- cration or ordination " Article XXIII.-Of Ministering in the Congre- gation, yí-ji I _...... " .",It is npClawfÀiT for any man to take upon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacra- I ments in the congregation, before he he lawfully called and sent to execute the same ; and those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent which be chosen and called to this work bv mon who have public authority given rtnto thom in the congregation to call and send ministers into fhe'-Lord's vineyard." As a matter of histoiy, it stands recorded that Whit- tingham was deprived in 1570 of the Deanery of Dur- ham, and Travers of the Lectureship of the Temple, because they had received only Presbyterian ordina- tion at the hands of certain ministers oil the continent of Europe. i Could I then, as a honest man, invite you to preach in our pulpits î -But as I could not "do so, I felt " pressed in spirit" to show you how land multitudes ,of otheis in the Church of England valued piety, elo- quence, and ability in non-Episcopalian ministers ; and how much we'wished that they would reconsidei those points of discipline which they number with " things inclineront," but which we are hound in con- science to hold fast as being of apostolic origin and possessing scriptural authority. Neither Lutherans, nor Calvanists, nor AVesleyans, nor even " indepen- dent" Independents, like youiself, assert Episcopacy or Creeds to bo unscriptural or unlawful, though they maintain that they aie "not of obligation." Non Episcopalians then would violate no rule of conscience by adopting cither one or the other ; either a fieely elected Episcopate in its primitive form, or a form of sound words, whereby "the sunk fence" of which Íou speak, between the Episcopal and more recent lenominationàTPrOsbyterian Churches, would be so far filled up and disappear. If it savours of "assumed superiority" on my part in yenturina to point out for consideration this con- dition o'f union, it is a superiority forced upon me, and not of my creating-emanating norn former acts of non-Episcopalian bodies. I cannot reverse the history of the Church for' eighteen centuries ; but I neither " dictated" nor " offered" terms of union. I simply stated what we believed to be our " scriptural and apostolic" rule; and asked non- Episcopalian ministers, in those days of free thought ana " in- dependent " independency, to consider whether futuro union of " evangelical Churches" on certain prin- ciples were possible. j. am not sorry that some few eager spirits, who at- tempted to clear the " sunk fence" at a bound, should have stumbled and fallen thereon ; or, to adopt your military metaphor, they have not blown in the counter- scarp of the ditch, and planted their banners on the breach of a ruined Episcopacy. The fortress we cannot abandon, because we. believe its bulwarks to be of apostolic origin and to have the sanction of Scripture. And if om- non-Episcopalian friends cannot join it and form p-irt of the garrison, let them believe and give us credit for acting "conscientiously" in maintaining our ministerial reserve. Let them cease to talk of " domi nantChurch," "intolerant hierarchy,"&c;,as the cause of disunion. We have as much right to remain Epis- copalians as they had to become noii-Episcopalianä. The foxes in the fable were justified in declining to reform themselves by a " fraternal curtailment." . Nor was it merely with a view to remove " the mid wall of partition " between the Church of England and those bodies which have dissented from it that I thought the re-adoption of the Episcopate an indis- pensable preliminary to Church Union. If oneness, outward as well as inward, formal as well as spiritual, he the normal state of Christ's. Church militant as well as triumphant ; if we may hope " the Gospel and true ' Church of God" will finally emerge from,Tridontine, Medieval, or Patristic error, then the "idiosyncrasy" also of the. Eastern and Greek minti, as well as of the Southern Christian Europe, must be taken into some account ; and it certainly would be a greater "miracle " to reform those churches.-Greek, Roman, Syrian, Russian-down to the platform of John Knox-than that you and other evangelical ministers should bo willing to sit -side by side with Bishops in I some Council like that of Jerusalem, when Paul and Barnabas and Simon Peter, willi James psesiding, gave forth the decree assented to. by the elders and the-, , brethren, condemnatory of a Judaizing, Christianity. "Whether a more .extended "u-atermzftfion" might not tims result, not only between the clergy of our Church and non-EpiscopaliauDissenting ministers, but Luthe- ran, Swiss, and French divines; whetheranunscriptural " denominationalism"-"I am of Paul, and I of Apollos, and I of Cephas"-would not thus help to fill up the " sunk fence" between us, and render access to a church catholio in form as well as spirit easy on all sides; whether Heathen and Mahometan Antichrists, or those within the Church itself, viz., unbelief which denies the Lord that bought us-the Father and tho Son ; or that which exalts the crea turo-sacraments, priest, or samt ; so as to keop lpss in view tho Saviour himself (a will-worship whicl\ He i ordaincj not) j whether, I say, such ene-nlcs, pf God and Christ will give way more readily if union were rendered possible by the spirit of love leading us " to walk by the same rule, and in honour to prefer one another," I do not presume to decide. I have simply proposed the question for consideration. But I am reminded by you that something more . than identity of church government, or subscription to the orthodox creed, xvould be necessary to open your pulpits to the Anglican clergy. 11 eturn then to this second preliminary condition, viz», subscription to a creed, which you pronounce to be ineffectual to procure doctrinal purity in pulpit ministrations. You describe some clergymen of our Church as Koman in all but name, and others as nationalists, neither of xvhom on any account would you suffer to preach in your pulpit. Neither would I suffer thom,-to preach in mine. But I proposed nothing of the sort. That prelimi- nary condition of subscription to a creed might remove ah existing barrier, but xvould compel no exchange of pulpits. Liberty might have been gained, but no ¡'compulsion introduced. Certain conditions being pre-supposed, it seemed possible that like Peter , Martyr nnd Bucer in the 16th century,- so in these days, D'Aubigne-or Neander, Chalmers, .Cumming, or yourself, might be heard (perhaps to advantage) in St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey-a position for Christian influence xvhick the pastor of the Weigh-House might not altogether despise, though he might think it beneath him to covet. From the fact, however, that in spite of our Articles there- aro Romanizing and nationalist clergymen in our Church you draw the conclusion, that formularies of the faith ore useless. You also state, as a matter of fact, that the exchange of pulpits between non-Episco pnlian ministers, Congregationalist, Wesleyan, Free Kirk, and Baptist is far more carefully guarded thanjis access to those of our church. Now is it not owing m great measure to the Thirty-nine Articles themselves . that these Romanizing and Rationalizing clergymen are tested and found out? Your argument, from the abuse of creeds, proves too much ; for there are Uni- tarians and Papists, despite of the authorised version of the Scriptures and the Latin Vulgate, which led Luther to justification by faith. If creeds and articles cannot prevent error, neither can the Scriptures ! Are the latter, therefore, need- less and useless? "The unlearned and unstable wrest St. Paul's Epistles and other Scriptures to their destruction." I do not know that the blame rests with St. Paul for writing his letters to the Churches ? Besides, who commanded the Baptismal Creed— belief in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as necessary to salvation ? "He that believeth and his baptized shall be saved !" Who required belief in himself as the Son of God before the Eunuch could be baptized ? Why did St. Paul deliver first of all to the Corinthians that which he also had received, that " Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that he was buried and rose again accord- ing to the Scriptures ?" Why did he tell Timothy to " hold fast the form of sound words ;" and '" to commit the same to faithful men who should be able to teach others?" Look to the history of Protestantism itself ! What Protestant Church did not, at the Reformation, put forth its Confession ? Is that of Augsburg a dead letter ? Not until the Helvetic Confession of Calvin's Church had been abrogated by the Rationalistic Government of Geneva as a test for its State Clergy did a new evangelical reformation, inaugurated by D'Aubigne and Malan, become necessary there. Let me further ask what has become of the orthodoxy of the old Presbyterian Churches in England ? What is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of Antrim ? Was it not from the absence of a creed that the Lady Hewly Charity came to be dragged into a court of law ? Did the absence of articles prevent the " Rivulet" contro- versy, and preserve the fountain of Gospel truth pure and undefiled ? Not long ago I had the pleasure of receiving from you a sermon, entitled " The Apostles' Creed." Now, if tho Apostles had a creed, that is certain truths indispensable to the Gospel of Salva- tion, and if you have endeavoured to define those truths, surely a creed in itself is neither useless nor needless, " yourself being judge." I might refer also to your friends, the Wesleyans, whom you once offended, by plainly telling them " that they must be either Dissenters or Schismatics ;" yet they have a creed and a tolerably long one too—one also of purely uninspired composition, which nevertheless you yourself have morallv subscribed before you preached in their chapel ! I know not whether you are an Arminian or Calvinist, or neither.. But every Wesleyan minister is bound by Wesley's model trust deed to preach no " doctrine or practice contrary to what is contained in certain notes on the New Testament, commonly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley, and in the first four- volumes of sermons, commonly re- puted to be written and published by him." Talk of Popery and the Council of Trent, and of the infalli- bility of the Pope ! those are " motes " not more huge than this Wesleyan beam. I did not ask you or other non-Episcopalian minis- ters to subscribe to the "Thirty-nine Articles and the Book of Homilies " before you could preach in our pulpits, but simply to a creed in accordance with the Nicene Confession. If this will not secure absolute immunity from doctrinal error, it may do something towards it. I believe in charts and lighthouses, although in spite of them some master-mariners con- trive to run their ships on shore. I believe also as much as you do, that watches, clocks, and even dials must be adjusted to the sun ; but the examples of adjustment which you have selected, and which you desciibe as giving " great relief to the clergy and members of the English Church," no more affects them than it does you and other non- Episcopalians. You state that the hand of the clock (that is, from the context, the English Church clock) pointed to this :-" Chil- dren having been baptized, if they die, are un- doubtedly saved ; else not. The pointer was put back two seconds, and ' else not ' disappearing, ceased to rule. But what a mighty difference was made by that little change ! Instead of being obliged to hold the positive destruction of all unbaptized infants, the clergy and mcmbers of the English Church are allowed to believe in their possible salvation." I am sure that it it will be a " great relief" to you to learn that this statement, however designed to comfort us, is (so far as the Church of England is concerned) quite unneces- sary. The first liturgy of Edward VI., a.d. 1549, has this rubric in the office for confirmation : " And that no man shall think that any detriment shall come to children by deferring of their confirma- tion, he shall know for truth that it is certain by God's word that children being baptized (if they depart out of this life in their infancy) are undoubtedly saved." The words "else not" do not appear in our first reformed liturgy, and therefore could not have been omitted. But to make it quite clear that the doctrine you in- correctly fasten upon the English Church was not held by her leading reformers, take this declaration from the chapter " Concerning Baptism," from the "Reformation of Ecclesiastical Laws," a treatise drawn up by Commissioners appointed in the reigns of Henry VIII, and Edward VI., of whom Cranmer was the first in rank :- "Theirs also ought to be considered a scrupulous superstition who so completely tie down the grace of God and the Holy Spirit to the Sacramental elements, as explicitly to affirm that no infant of Christian parents can obtain eternal salvation who dies before it can be brought to baptism-an opinion far different from ours." " Quod lange seats hibire judicamus." An expression, ihdeed, which had found its way. into the baptismal service of the first Liturgy of Edward VI., 1519, from that of Luther, through the Latin reformed service of the Archbishop He-man of Cologne (1513), was omitted in the second Liturgy of Edward YX iii! 1552. It is in the prayer- before bap- tism, which ran thus :-" That by this wholesome laver of regeneration, whatsoever sin is in them may be washed clean away ; that they, being delivered from Thy wrath, may be received- into the- ark of Christ's Church, and so saved from perishing."' This, prayer is not to be found in,the ancient offices of the Church of Rome, but seem to have been originally composed by Luther, thought it is not in accordance with his sentiments expressed, elsewhere. "Although infants," he remarks, "-bring into the world with them the depravity of their origin, yet it is an important consideration that they have never trans- gressed the Divine commandments ; and since God is merciful, He will not, we may be assured, suffer them to fare the worse, because, without their own fault, they- have been deprived of baptism." So that this charge expression, of Luther's-corHrary to his oxvn sentiments, andxvliich escaped notice in the baptismal service of our Liturgy from 1513 to 1552, but was then omitted, ami ?which never existed in the ancient offices of the Church-is small ground enough on xvhich to- expresa your compassion, ""for the minis- ters and clergy of the English Church,*' in the " great relief" they must have experienced { In conclusion, let me observe that -while minds capacious and independent as yours labour under auch misapprehensions in regard to the Church of England _ und its doctrines, the hope of Church Union xyill remain " ideal." But if Episcopalians and non-Episcopalians xvill honestly, and in the fear of I God, try to loam xvith accuracy xvherein they do çssçny'ully (Jiiter, ru\d, why, then, possibly both may ba able eventuaUy, through the grace of God, to adjust their clocks and watches by the sun-dial of His re- vealed will. I am, Rev. Sir, yours faithfully and respectfully, At/ousTtrs Adelaide. Rev. T. Binney. His Lordship also places at our disposal, for publica- tion, the following letter received from Mr. Binney, which he is not specially, authorized to publish, hut which he thinks will only do justice to Mr. Binney' sentiments and "Christian feelings : " Glen Urquhart, the Green Hills, Victoria, " December 20th, 1858. " To the Right.Rev. thcLord Bishop of Adelaide. " My Lord-In a last revise of the letter which I had the honour to transmit to your Lordship by last mail, I withdrewithe sentence which I have marked , in the enclosed'pieec of proof. There is. nothing in the words but what logically follows fiom the power which a Congregational minister has over his own. pulpit-the jealousy with, which we guard it against the intrusion of doctrinal error, from the importance we attach to evangelical truth-and the conviction we have of serious departures from that truth, in different directions, by many of the clergy. The words contain nothing but what follow- from these things -whether our views of the Gospel (evangeli- cal truth.) be scriptural or not, or whether our ' conviction' respcitiag the various forms of clerical opinion be right or wrong. Still, for many reasons, L thought it best to. withdraw the words referred to. Your Lordship, therefore, will do me the favour to regard them as withdrawn.* " I was very unweU. while visiting at Toorak last week ; I was obliged to abstain from all public duty last Sunday ; I' am noir between 20 and 30 miles away from Melbourne, at a retired station, in a beautiful locality. A celebrated philosopher and me- taphysician used to say that all his great and difficult " problems, nice distinctions, and fine theories seemed to vanish into thin air after he had had a good dinner, and was in the company of warm and genial friends. There is something, however, better than this. In the deep solitude of the bush-God's beautiful world spreading and swelling round about us-His glorious , blue heaven bending over us all-one's heart feels the blessed softening humanizing influence, and goes forth in tenderness and love towards all God's creatures. How little one heeds the noise of the I world of men afar off-the struggle of parties, the clashing of opinion, the controversies, political or reli- gious, which seem so important when we are in the midst of them ! I wish your Lordship was here, sitting with me in the sunlight ; how soon we should be able to put everything right ! May we meet in that world where there will be nothing to put right, . and where ive shall have something better to do than either to mend or mourn over the evils of this ! Wish- ing you, my Lord, in the language of the old country, " the compliments of the season"-all the blessings we wish for one another at this hannv time. " I am, truly and much, yours. _" T. BlhNEV." . The» words which Mr. Binney wishes to withdraw are tho following :-" Thero arc many among the clergy whom I would not suffer to preach to my people-the substance of their teaching being, for the raoU part, as I believe, either chaff or poison." ExTEXSivE RonnEnir or Jewellery.-On Monday last, a ease of valuable jewellery was stolen from the counting-house of Messrs.- M'Pherson and Co., of King- street, Melbourne. The casket was deposited in the office for a short time, and was to have been taken home by a gentleman who is about to sail in the next overland mail-ship. The jewellery consisted of dia- monds set in bracelets, rings, studs, and breast-pins. It was seen in the office about noon, and was missed shortly afterwards. A reward of ¿3200 has been offeied for its recovery, A sum of money consisting of forty sovereigns was also in the casket.-Argus. Go-lii-iin District Hospital.-The annual meet- ing of subscribers to the Goulburn Hospital took place on Thursday last, at the Court-house. The number of patients received during the year was one hundred, and thirty-one-of these twenty-three were females. There were eighteen out-door patients. Of these ninety-two were discharged cured or relieved ; seven were sent to the Sydney Benevolent Asylum ; eleven died ; fifteen remain under treatment. The total amount of expenditure chargeable against the patients was £776 6s. lOd. The average number of days of each, patient in hospital was 32 120"131, or nearly thirty three days. The cost of each patient per day was 3s. 7d. Bnowx Bulldog Skake.-A formidable looking specimen of this description of snake was brought to our office the other morning, by Mr. Richard Harney, having been found and killed upon his premises at -"bithcote, on Monday afternoon. It appears that the snake, which is of an exceedingly venomous species, was first perceived by Mr. Harney, and was in the act of climbing up one of the posts of the verandah. Upon an at- tempt being made to strike it with a stick from the ground, it quickly coiled itself round the railing on the top of the verandah, ran along the balcony, the house being a two-storied one, fortunately without attempting to enter the nursery, the windows of which were open, and then descended to the ground. It then made for some palings, but being attacked by Mr. Harney and his gardener, reared itself up for the pui pose of attacking them, but without effect. A well-aimed blow on the head at last disabled it from making further attempts. Although wounded in several places the animal was not quite dead until a late hour last night. It was extremely fortunate that , the reptile was discovered in the manner that it was, as probably it would have crept into the house through one of the windows in the upper story, and its discovery there might only have been made after disastrous results had occurred. The snake was about 5 feet 1 inch in length-a female, and had apparently lately discharged its young.-Argus. The Press Exritr.ss from Birmingham.-A cor- respondent of the Dublin Beening Freeman xvrites : " Mr. Bright's speech xvas regarded in London of so much political importance that the leading morning journals ran a special train the xvhole distance in order to bring it up. Had you been at the central station at half-past ten o'clock at night you xvould have per eeived an enormous engine and tender, xvith great red < lights like giant bloodshot eyes, glaring doxvn into the darkness, drawn up to the platform. Appended to - the engine was a second- class carriage to act as a break, a fii-st-clasB carriage, and then a guard's van. The/ - first-class carnage xvas lighted up like a little-draxving room, xvith xvax candles, and looked very cozy, xvith" its silk curtains half-draxvn, and its rich, carpets and rugs. This xvas the special train engaged to travel one hundred and twelve miles in txvo hours and a half, and to convey to the metropolis the burning words and eloquent thoughts of-the hon-, member for Birmingham. A half-past ten to the instant the ex- press moved out of the station, and plunged like a Tacer down its dark, smooth road of iron. A frantic '"< xvhistle from the locomotive, a-waving» of blue lights on the platform, and it was lost in the darkness. There xvas no moon, and the stars-were obscured with murky clouds. Away, away, through the net-xvork of rails that encompass the town.of Birmingham, like a piece of giant crochet:-away, past roaring furnaces that belched forth smoke and' lire, and' on, into the giant fields of Warwickshire, past the xvoods. of Avon, the ribbon-xvorks of Coventry, across the gentle Severn, and down by the pleasant pasture, xvhcie startled hores rushed xvildly from, their covers, and pheasants screamed as they awoke amidl the many- coloured, foliage. The train stopped but once in its career, and then a heavy artillery of cletonathtg bulls, that ex- " ploded under the wheels: xvith suggestive xvarmhgj, gax-e notice that all xvas, not dear ahead. It was, hoxvever but a goods train, that shopped the way, and. in a shorter Tjme than it takes, to mention the incident, the express xvas agairt in motion and speedirigroU,itfs mission, a magnificent illustration of the sovereignty of human.intelligence and power. The journey xvaa performed within the specified period, and*, xvithouj, accident--a circumstance which may xvell excite sur-, prise, when it is. stated that no fewer than sixteen trains, had to be ' shunted' in various pacts of the line in order to, leave the track clear for the priating press." Pwííqe Au'VED- at LiSDOx.-Some sensation was caused here on. Sunday by the fending of Prince Alfred, who had arrived in the river the previous afternoon on, board the Euryalus. Although her Majesty did, I believe, at first express her wish that ' no reception should take place, and that the prince should bo in no wise distinguished from the other officers of the ship, she, it ia. said, yielded to the in- stance of the King of Portugal, who was determinen to make a return at the fijrst opportunity for the man- ner in which he had been received at the English. . Court. A royal barge was sent alongside (¡he ! Euryalus, and evesybody waa astonished at the alacrity with which, the sailor Prince bowled down, the ladder, and got into the bargo. When, it reached, the i arsenal, a regiraent of the line was drawn, up as a I guard of honour, and the Duke de Terceira, witli several other Portuguese noblemen, the British Am- . bassador, the otb,ei? members of the legation, Mr. Smith, U.M. Consul, all engrande tenue, were m wait I ing to, receive him. The Prince demeaned himself like l a little gentleman, as he is, but looked about as if | rather hotherod and frightened with all the (Usplay nd formality,-Horning Post. 