CONSECRATION OF THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC BURIAL GROUND AT WOKING. On Tuesday tho interesting and impressive cere mony of consecrating a new burial -ground for the use of the Catholis population of London und the metropolitan counties was performed by the Right Rev. Dr. Grant, Bishop of Southwark. The fact is but too well known that for some time past the Ca tholic community has been subject to much incon venience and annoyance in consequence of the ex isting deficiency in this important particular, which has left them in difficulty of procuring a suitable place for the interment of their dead. The ceme tery at Chelsea has been closed under the enactment of sanitary legislation. At Kensal Green a ceme tery has been provided, which is by no means ade quate in extent for the renuirements : in addition to which technical difficulties have hitherto presented themselves to prevent its due consecration by the Church. The London Necropolis, at Woking, by its enormous extent, the quality of its soil, and the facilities for approach by railway transit^ affords peculiar advantages as a place of metropolitan intra mural interment. Already several allotments of ground had been made by the directors to various public bodies and religious communities for the inter ment of their dead, and when a similar offer was made to the Catholic community, it was, after some delib eration, gladly, accepted ; and the necessary deeds of conveyance having been legally executed, the cere mony of consecration took place, as. already stated, on Thursday last. The allotment so appropriated consists of about 1$ acre,- but capable of extension to 10 or 20 acres if required, in one of the most highly-cultivated parts of the ground, immediately .adjoining the line of railway ; in the centre of it the company have erected a handsome stone cross, about 13 feet high, elevated upon three steps; winding walks intersect it in various parts, and already preparations are malting for additional ornamental planting. The Right Rev. Dr. Grant, Bishop of Southwark, accompanied by the Rev. C. Faure, of Spitalfields ; the Rev. C. Orvinial ; the Rev. A. La Forestier, de la Mensers des Maristes ; the l'Abbe Vasseur, of the French Catholic Chapel, Portman- square; the Rev. A. Purcell, of the German Catholic Chapel, City ; and several other clerical and lay members of the Church, were con veyed to the cemetery in a large train, from the Necropolis Company's private station in the West minster Bridge-road. The weather unfortunately was most unfavourable, a heavy rain continuing to fall with but brief period of intermission throughout the day, and the consequence was that many more who had intended being present, including several ladies, were deterred from attending, whilst the out of doors ceremony was shorn of much of that im posing effect which would otherwise have attached to it. The company having assembled in one of the commodious waiting-rooms attached to the cemetery, the Right Rev. Dr. Grant, after robing and consecrating the holy water, delivered the follow ing brief and impressive address to those assembled : ' I thank all present for their goodness in coming to assist at the service which is intended to honour the place in which the bodies of some of our brethren will rest. We show respect to them because they j have been the living temples of the Holy Ghost, ' and beoause they are, as we hope, to be called from their resting-place to a glorious resurrection. Tho prayers which we shall recite are offered by the Church that the place may be blessed ; but there are other prayers which we ourselves may. offer. When the faithful visit the seven Churches of Rome, they recite prayers on the way from one Church to another. When they are near the great cemetery of St. Lawrence, their prayers are offered for the first of their company who may die. We beg to suggest to you to offer your own prayers for the first of our present company who may be called away. May our Immaculate Mother pray for him and for all of usl' The Bishop and the priest assisting, and others attending the cemetery, then proceeded in proces sion to the ground, when the magnificent consecra. tion service of the Church was impressively read ; the cross was sprinkled with holy water, and after wards the boundary walks of the ground were per ambulated and sanctified by the same precious element. The bishop and his rev. brethren then inspected the establishment and management of the London Necropolis as connected with the offices for the burial of the dead, ami the accommodation for survivors attending the obsequies, with ill of which they expressed themselves much gratified. A spe cial train brought the company back to town. A correspondent adds : — There was this remark able circumstance on the occasion, that, having waited long in the hope of seeing the rain cease, which was continually falling, but at last resolving to undertake the ceremony in the rain, as it had no appearance to cease, by the help of our umbrellas ; and a verv larrrft nne bavin** been -nrovided tn shel ter the bishop ; the moment the procession got from under the cover,; of the roofs, in less than two minutes the rain ceased, and allowed us to dispense with the umbrellas until the end of the ceremony, continuing to fall soon after asbefore the ceremony had commenced. This was not a bad omen.— Weekly Register, May 21. The WouKnousE Question. — Sir — En ? closed I send you an abridgment of the labours, success, and failuro of tho clergy of St. Mary and St. Michael's, and the paBtor of Stratford during tho past few months. . The children, before whoso name an asterisk is 'placed, are allowed to see a priest onco a-weok. As the inclosed documents tell their own story, I have merely to add that the supposed number of children baptised in the Catholio Church, who are now inmates of tho three industrial schools at Limehouse, Plashet, and Forest Gate, is about five hundred. — Tours obediently, William Kelly. St. Mary's and St. Michaol's, Commercial Road East, E., May 16, 1859. [We are exceedingly obliged for tho important tabular statement sent by the Rev. W. Kelly, which wo have carefully oxamined. It shows that, at tho Limehouae Industrial Schools, out of 49 ohildren of Irish namcB (Doyle, M'G-rath, Dwyer, Ryan, &c;), one or both of tho paronts were dead in 40 cases. At Plashet Schools in 28 out of 31 cases, and at Forest Gate Schools in 20 out of 40 cases. In 29 cases only out of 133 is the priest allowed to see tho ohildren, although there is no doubt of the whole of them being baptised Ca tholics.] — Weekly Register. The Derby Government and the Roman Catholics. — A correspondent of the Liverpool Daily Post, of Saturday, complains of the part which has been taken by Dr. Goss, the Roman Catholic Bishop, who, pending the electiou for South Lanca shire, issued the following circular to his clergy : — ' (Confidential.) Rev. Dear Sir — I am directed by the Bishop to inform you that he has reliable infor mation of the intention of Lord Derby's Government to make to Catholics all reasonable concessions in regard to spiritual, aid to the Catholic iumarna nf gaols, woikhouses, &c.; Your obedient servant, John Walker, secretary.' The writer enumerates the services of the Liberals in the cause of civil and ecclesiastical freedom, and exposes the hollowness of the pretence under which the Catholic electors are asked to support Lord Derby's Government. He says : — 'The Whigs are still your friends; but you have become the enemy of the Whigs — and all for what ? In your case for a miserable mess of pottage : you have sold your birthright for a vague promise of a minister; and you have induced the Catholic body to do what they must have felt to be wrong, in order that some little concession may be made to Catholic chaplains in pauper palaces.' From what follows it would appear that Lord Derby has been in alliance with Cardinal Wiseman, for the purpose of gaining the support of the Catholic electors generally throughout the country, and that the Cardinal lent his aid. Lord Cainpden, son of Lord Gainsborough (a recent convert to the same creed), has been an exceedingly busy electioneering agent in promoting the same object. The writer says: — 'He has carried missives from Cardinal Wiseman in order to pave the way for the appearance of Tory candidates in Catholic towns. He has been in Not tingham, he has been in Birmingham, he has been in Liverpool, he has called upon you, und has bronght you either a letter to himself from Lord Derby, or a letter from Lord Derby to you ; and in this letter he promises, on condition that the Catholics support his government, to — put the Catholics in power 1 Not at all. To make magistrates of the Catholics 1 Not at all. To give office to the Catholics? Not at all ;— but to place Catholic gaol chaplains in England upon the same footing as Catholic gaol chaplains in Ireland.' Such is a part of the machinery that has been brought into operation during the present election by the Con servatives. — Liverpool Albion. 