EPSOM RAOES. THE DEBBÏ DAY. WüUNnsnAV, Josa 1ST. The DUBBY STAKFS of 50 sovj each h ft, for three year I olds, colts 8st 71b fillies 811 21b, the second to receive 100 sors out of the stakes, and the winner tn pay 100 suva towards the police and regulations of the coarte, nnd SO s vs to the jud,»e¡ one milo and a half on the New Course, 246 subs SlrJ Uawle.v abre MusJId, ly Sawmlastor, out of rejgy, 8§t7Ib . wella 1 Mr Tilmstane a bro Marionette by To ichstnne Sat 71b S Rogers 7 It Hill a eli c Trumpeter by Orlando, 8«t 7lb s n-iy 3 W Ila) a t r c The I romlsed Land b> Jericho Sat 7 b W Daj 4 I ord Chesterfield » b c \ oleano, bj OrUndj 8st 7lb Atliuiill o Sir r Hawle} aclicQallu« b\ uhantlelcer.a« 7lb C efswetl o Captain dray abc Glcnbuck, b) Flying Dutchman, 8jt 7lr> ,. Hammond o Mr Paynes b cb» Cotherstone,out of Glenluce SstTIb Charlton o T Walker'* eli c llanknipt, by Slane 8«t "lb Aldci ft o Wentworth'« Scliulnir by Cossack 8<i 7lb I earl o naron Uothsclillda elie Itroiherto Sidney, by Surplice. Rat 7u Vf usgrot e o Kr A.Mcbolabc I'lmntom,by Flying Dutchman,fist 7lli Tcmplomin o VV Barratt . eli c Electric, h» Fallow Duck, 8it TIL. I Ouater o Ford abre Polnnlns I y Jericho 8st 7lb T sliernrond o J Hawkins« be tnflold, b) C nfcuor, (st 7lt- c Marlow o f Capels I re lthli\v«\nia i t y Collier»!, no 8»t 7ll> J Vlann o T I irr a eh c Oasp ird I r Daniel O Itourac Sal 71 . W llo»co o Sir c V'm ck ? br c(inmcitcr bv Tho Cooack, 6st 7th»VMihlnirion o Lol Tonnle» »«.he Ticket offaaxo, by West Australian, 8si7Ib . . u uaics Towniev's be Gladiolus,bvKingston. Sst 7lb.... J Snowden Mr Parkers be N'lmrod, by lluckthorn. 8st 711.Une Lord Dorchester's ch c Hernani by Harkaway, 8st 71b ....French Mr A. Tt'orslcy'a eh c Newcastle by Newminster, Hit 71b. .G Fo dham W. I'Anson'a b c Ralnnmoon. by Annandale. 8at 71b . Kendall Saton's b c Defender, by Mclbonrno o.- Wlndhound, 8st 71b... .. .L Snowden J. OsViruc's b c lied Haslc, hy Illrtfcatcher, 8st 71b .J Osborne C. Peck's tir e Napoleon, by Volil-tetir. 8st 7lb. Humby Merry's b c Lord of th i Manor, by Touchstone, 8st 71b.Plumb J. Ua-vklns's ch cMr Itcrcilcs, by Sir Hercules, Sst 71b. . r. Slurp Ferguson's br c Lovett, by The Confessor, «st 71b.llullcck BHTT1NQ AT STARTINO. n to 4 ngst Mu-jid 7 to 2 " Promised Land 'rrumpetor Daloamnon Newcastle Ticket of I «arc Marionette Rluiiliuclc Gamester Phatiiom Klccttle Defender " 4-to 1 IS to I li! lo I 20 io t 22 to I 25 to I 33 to 1 40 to 1 40 to 1 SO to 1 50 to 1 agst "Volcano innu to 15 " fJlonluca coït lOon to io " lied ICaglo 1000 to 10 " Lovett Ilion t« li) ., Gnnpnxl .000 lo 10 " SchtiMF 1000 to 10 ,. Reynard 1000 to 10 " Bankrupt 1000 to 8 ., Napoleon 1000 lo 5 ,. Pro to Sydney 10UO lo 5 " Lord of the Manor 1 he start was preceded by eight or nine failr.re«, in most of which Nimrod, Kleoiric, Napoleon, Gal:us. Lord of the Va mr. nnd Itaymand were in adraure. whilst I'o lonin«, Glenbuek and one or two others rename) be* hind the Mnrtcr. the last-named, contrary to expectation, exhibiting little of Mt Ciiy and Suburban eagerness. Tbe delay which eriRueil In consequence of these repealed breakings-a^ay was no fault of Mr Ilibbnrd's, who used every exertion to secure n satisfactory start, and he ni length succeeded, the only horses which lost any ground being Schuloff, Trumpeter, and Poloniu« whilst the ad- vantage gained by Kleetrin nnd Lord of the Hanoi-, was but momentary, for thuuph fir«t off byjtwo or three length«, the running after tho first three hundred yards was taken up by Nimrnd, who mr.do piny at his heit pace -far from a "cracker" with a clear lend. Electric lylo; second. Lord of the Manor third, and Ked Eagle fourth on the inside, the nick headed by Keynard, Phantom, Gallu«, Gladiolus, Uefendor, Newcastle, and Volcano, following so elose'y packod that it was impossible to resign them positions. Promised Land's orange cap, however, waa clearly distinguishable on tho outside, whilst in the middle we made out tho favourite, Marl ontt'o. and Trumnetor in good places, on passing Slier wnod'H housd. heforo reaching which Trumpeter pnrtcd company with .?"olmloff nnd P.donius, who brought np the renr at that point. Through the furzes Nimrod in ccasi-d the lend to three or f-ur lengths hut after pan« ¡og the milo post he began to "come back." and Gallns instantly ru-hing in ndvance he remnined there nnlil hall way dowu the hill, «lien Wm Day. who passed hi« ho'ecs I as if they were standing stilktbe instant they cum mciiued ilia denceiil, look Prninidüd Lund to the front, and biking <i clear lend cania i-nllier »»¡da lound T.uien ham 0'imer in order to get lb* upper «round four or five lengths fir it at suuli a pace that several nf the jockeys nnd on« or two "old n'i»gers" who witnessed 'lie rare from that point expected ho would go ID*alune At the font of tbe hill tho two ' oiluts," Gal na and Nimrod. *CB out of the race, and the Glenluce cult, lied Ka JJ le and Electric also died away at the road, after crossing ahich lhere were U"t more ihsn ten hor-e» in the race, viz , Friimlsfii Land, with Trumpeter (who improved lim position in descending the hill). Volcano, and («arrie, .ter in his wake on the upper ground, and the lower divi- sion cnmpo-ed of Defender, Reynard. Gladiolus, Phan- tom, Marionette (the latter of whom wai on the extreme left of everything) Nowcastle and Mu«jid The favourite »vasbereml lengths behind the second division owing lo something running; *' broadside into him'' at iho turn, where he was "awiveiled half round" and only saved from being; knocked over altogether by Fordham and French making an opening for him. Being a big horse, and fully cunfident that.his enormous «peed and thorough gamenets wunld eventually save hitn, Wells did not hurry Musjid at first, but after getting; him settled again gave bim ono stroke of tbe whip, to which he an- swered «o gamely that at the distance he was alongside of Trumpeter and the others composing the front yank, and within a I- ngtb or so of Promised l.and. who waa visihlr compounding. Volcano, likewise nearly down at Totten- ham Corner, was beaten sume time previously. Phantom ' gave up site ghost" at the distance, and braire reaching the Stand Gladiolus and Newcastle wore also disposed of. Defender here looked most formidable, but only fur an in- stant, nnd opposite the 'westeod gall.îry" tbe race was left to Promised Land, Trumpeter, Mu«j'd aid Mario elie, between whom the finish was most exciting -Mns jil, who get tbe beat of his opponents at :hat point, winnine by a good half length Marionette (mistaken by the judge fur Ticket of l«avo as elsewhere rxpliined,) heat his stable companion. Trumpeter, for second money by a neck, and the latter, «bo broke down in both fore legs between (he Stand and the chair had a similar ad- vantage over Promised I-and, wh ? hung very much to- wards Tram parer at the finish. At an interval of a'oont three lengths from llio first lot, Defender was fifth, New- castle sixth and Gamester teventh, close together. GU diolus lining eighth and Uern.ird ninth, ctoar of Red kagle. Napoleon, nnd Gleiiburk which comprised the next lot. Tbe others straggled in at wide intervals, tin Glenluce cole and Ticket of Leave being togoiber a long war olT. whilst in the exireme rear were Balnamoon (who rover tho wed in (ho race), "«'chn off, Klectric. Lovett, l.ord of the Manor, Nimrod, and Bankrupt Run in 2 min £9 sec. Nott value of the slake», £6 750. DESCRIPTION OF THE \VI\NFR. \'u>jid ia a rlvrk br wn horse, standing 15 hand« 3 inches has a eli AH blood like heal, wide ears r.nhtd neck go d shoulder", rerv deep girth and ribs wide hips, strong mtiscnlir quarters good hocks and thighs, and pleutv of hone He is a very lengthv animal but has a peculiar " waddlmg9 action in »alkiue »vith his limit parts and it on the whole a very blood like and racing looking p It rEDIGREE AND PERFORMANCES OF THE VT1VVER. Mu jil WAS bred hy the Firl of ocarb ir ugh and waa got by Nexmnster out of Peggy In 1357 sho foaled a fill; by Newminster T EIIPORMANCES In l818 at Ascot carrying 8st 71b wi9 third, a length from the second for Ne»v Stakes won by North Lincoln At ''locllindgp carrying 8st 101b won ihe Motllsfont Stakes C fur hv a length, bealing Sir Hercules 9st 101b («erond) riectne 8st 101b (third n neck from the second, and the fcJJowing not place I -Unmsov 8« lnlb (fourth six lengths o IT) St Carence 8st 101b (fifth), Felicitas Sst 71b, Ac scon 81 101b, Heir.it-1 aw 8at 1Mb; and A llegrn, who fell and unseited lier joctte», Rat 71b AL Newmarket SO carrying 8it 71b paid forfeit tn a Match, 1 Y C to ch f by Weather! it dam bv Pyrrhus the First, out of VI is« Whip Ac Neivmirket H carrying flat 71b »as beaten hy ?» nenk ¡a a Mitch list half « f Ab M by Bhcksrrmti 3 yrs, 8«t In 1S"9 nt Ntwmarket Craven Meeting carrying 8st 12lb beat I ord Glasgow's f by Or laud i 7st I2li> in a Match, 400 sois 150 ft DM win- ning in n cantor hy ten lengths, at H ps m won the Derby by half a length, beating twenty-nine others. ENGAOEMFNTS Is eness-MÎ at Stockbridge in the Steward-.' Pinto of 100 sov«. added lo a "»weepsukcs of 10 «nvs each, h ft (57 suSs) nnd at Newmarket SO.ina Mitch against Biron Kothschdd's Norh Lincoln 8-t 101b. D I 300, h ft In the Ascot Cup and a Match with The Promised ljuid, ' 8st 101b each. T.M.M., 2 U00 sovs, 500 ft, at the New- market SO. Meeting. THS DERBY SBTTLISO AT TATTERSALl/s. The preliminary adjustment of accounts took nineo on June 6. and the settling ronde steady progress Mr S of the Midland Counties was one of the absentees, but b¡« disappearance had bem long anticipated Mr W-, a. gentleman residing on ihe SntTo'k coast, was nlso re- ported hit to tho amount of about £16.00, and his liabili- ties were, it is said chilly incurred in 'double event" bets. An offer of 7* in the pound was not accepted hy lils creditors. I he winners on the Kp«om races h-vve been conn nod to that class of mr fites denominated "gentlemen sportsmen"- memb r«, chiefly of the Turf Club-but their gains on Musjid were materially lessened by their losses on Mnyonaise for th» Oik«. ft is said lint in addition to the stakes, worth £0731, Sir Joseph Hawley wina between X12,000 and £20.000 in bets. He re- fused to hedge a grest portion of his money, owing (o (he liberties which were taken with his horse at Kath. Captain I. and f-cvcral noblemen of distinction also threw in for large stakes. The ranks nf the ring have been very slightly thinned The Mr W- referred to above sent In his account with an offer of compromise, «liich was accepted by all save two or three creditors. On the principle of a "little being he'ter than none", people who havo to receive from bira wi I, doubtless, accede to his terms. Thus lias been played nut the last «cone uf the l<p'om week-a week which will be remembered by the sporting: men for the peculiar interests which it involved, and which »vi'l be lecol'eeted by the spectator f r the im- mense deg-ee of-fun and excitement which it occasioned. 