" MARYBOROUGH AND DUNOLLY. (From the Advertiser.) t1ie back creek 1iu8h. Hundreds of perrons arc ttiu pouring lu.anuy to tlvs new goldficld, the place has become now like n large canvas city. About eight streets arc formed, including Scandinavian, Crescent, Ox- ford, Star, and Russell Streets. Iho diggers speak in the highest terms of the rush in a miniDg point cf view. This morning (Monday) a rush of about a thousand persons occurred, in conse quence of a new hole having bottomed in n gully in about 40 feet sinking, about half a milein advance of any of the holes as yet bottomed ; this is ima gined by some to he the shallow end of the main load, and by others to be a distinct lecd or gutter, The prospect was affoxcel lent one. Another hole bottomed to day in the 70 feet sinking, in the bend of tho Scandinavian lead, from which f oz to tho tub was washed. This has led to the ground being marked off for the whole breadth of the flat, to the extent of several thousand claims. This ground is bounded on the east by the main lead, it dips to the westward, in which direction this is the only hole bottomed, but numberless claims arc being proceeded with. We have never seen so much zeal and industry on the part of the miners as they are displaying here. In some places from 25 to 30 claims nre cither being sunk or driven abreast of each oilier, independent of outbiders. Whilst writing this (4 o'clock) I have learnt that a hole has just been bottomed which washed 6 oz to the first bucket. The miners are occasionally washing a load or so, to enable them to defray current exj enditure, but most of them who can afford it are fencing in their ground, and workjng out their claims before washing. The following instances ruay he interesting : on Sat urday 36 oz wero obtained from about three quar ters of a load, 21 oz to a load ; late on Saturday cveninc out of half a bucket, of dirt between three and four ounces were procured. One of the share holders in the adjoining claim, a reliable person assured us that lie would not take £550 for his shore in the claim; 90 oz to four loads were also realised. There wos a rumor that one party got 327 oz from the washdirt raised during the pre vious wash. An outside claim which was aban doned on the lead running into Good Woman's Ilill, was taken up, and the party after driving a few feet hit upon the run ol' gold, and from the first prospect obtained over 22 oz to a few buckets of sluff. A fifteen ounce nugget was sold on Sat urday, said to be the produce of this field. A great crowd is collected round a hole, a considerable distance ontsid , it is already sunk to a depth of 67 feet, and is calculated to reach 80 feet, accord- idg to the lay of the sinking. The cement is ex tremely rich, and pays well for crushing. The population may now be estimated at nearly, if not quite 20,000. Among so large an assemblage there is sure to he a sprinkling of vagabondism, and it is time the police were regularly stationed here. During the day th«y promenade the streets but at night, the time when they are most wanted they are not seen. The Bank of Australasia, and the National Bank of Australasia, have commen ced operations, tlie former have had a nice build ing put up, next to Fowler and Kerr's, and the latter possess temporary offices at Hurley, O'Lea- ry, and Co's. The placer of amusemeut ate well patronised, Mr. J. K. Black had excellent houses at the Telegraph Concert I-Iall, and we need not say he was well received. The Olio company still attract good audiences. All the stores are so over whelmed with business that little time can be af forded in mere amusement. Scandinavian Cres cent is now being metalled, Tha Warden, Mr. Tbomrson, has been iucessamly engaged to day in deciding disputes, lie has clearly more to do than should be thrown on one man's shoulder Provisions of all kinds nre moderate in price. Bread advanced this morning to Is 6d at which the diggers were wroth. Potatoes have sold as low as £3 10s a ton. Mr. Aspinall is on a visit to Maryborough, we are not aware whether with a private or political object. In either case we trust he will avail him self or the opportunity to address his constituents, and announce to them his intention of again offer ing himself as their representative in the ensuing parliament. Gold Market. — The price of gold is nominally the same — £3 16s. 6d. to £3 17s. Od.; but it is understood that a higher price is to be procured. We are fold that as much as £3 17s. 6tl. is given on the new rush. Back Creek. The gold obtained there is certainly not above the average fineness of the district, whilst it is reported to lose conside rably in melting. The only explanation for the high price offered, is that the gold is brought for transmission to "Balls rat. We are afraid that this practice will be. much resorted to by private gold- buyers unless the banks step in and by giving the full price stop it. It will not make much diffe rence to them, because if they do not pay the price of it on the spot, their branches at Ballarat will be "stuck" with it at a yet higher figure. Ou the other hand, a great deal of injury is done to the district, by allowing the gold, to be taken away from it. We rnakc these remarks with a view to check at once the tampering with the gold market which the fproximity to Ballarat (32 miles) and the high price offered there induce. The escorts will soon stow to what, if any, extent this is done. With the extensive drain on the Ballarat popula tion the escorts must fall unless gold be taken to it from this neighborhood. The escort to day takes down: Maryborough, 3,619 ounces (a great improvement on late week?) ; and Dunolly, 4,084 ounces. Opdities of the New Mahriaqe Act. — This list of qualified marriage solemnisers is followed by perhaps the most extraordinary clause thut ever was inserted in any Act. It declares that whenever any minister "shall die or depart the colony,'' or otherwise become disqualified "his functions shall cease," and if ho "shall c ntiiiuc in violation of the provisions hereof to perform any marriage ceremony," he shall be liable to the penalties specified,"— namely a fine of five hun dred pounds and imprisonment for five years. We have heard of spectre bridegrooms and syren brides, but ghosts of clergymen are not supposed to be employed in celebrating even their nuptials. Priests mnst be very careful indeed. Henceforth ubiquity will be a statutory crime : at least if a priest remains in the colony after he has left it, he must leave off marrying f'olkB. The law conside rately provides, however, that even if the officia- tor be dead or absent, the marriage will be valid and bindiDg. — Geelong Advertiser. Chinese Immigration. — The Goulbum Chronicle furnishes some refreshing intelligence to those who are not partial to our Mongo lian fellow colonists. He says: —"Large numbers of Chinese are leaving the Western gold-fields for Victoria. The Chinese at the Rocky River are also leaving for the same destination." Death through Drunkenness. — Tbe-d/vi- rut F.vjjrcss gives an account of an inquest which had beeu held upon a man named John Clarke, who had been found dead in the Mount Pleasant lock-up. It appeared the man, while suffering from delirium tremens, struck himself a violent blow on the bnck of the head, wound ing a small brunch of the carotid (?) artery. Some days after this the police were obliged to interfere for his protection, and placed him in the lock-up, aud on going to him shortly after wards he was found in a pool of blood. Life being nearly extinct, the wound having started to bleed again, and no styptic having been applied. A verdict was returned that, the de ceased died from the effects of wounds inflicted on himself whilst in tt state of delirium, Fatal Accident. — On Sunday morning, while u young man named John Skully, a stockrider to Mr Murphy, on the Axe Creek, was kangaroo hunting, in company with Mr Murphy's son, he (it is supposed) fell off his horse, us the horse, riderless, came home, and the body of Skully was found next day iu tho bud). Information was forwarded to the Coroner, 