THE MINING COMPANIES AND THE DRAINAGE QUESTION. ONE very serious Bubjoct which suggests itself in considering how the condition of this goldfield will be affected by the operations of the new Mining Companies, is the question of the drain age. i-ll evidence hitherto taken upon this subject-all suggestions which have been made for the construction of a now main channel, the recommendations understood to have been made by the Sludge Commission which sat here some six or eight mouths back, and even the bit bv bit expenditure by the Government which has since been taking place, have all had reference to a state of things which is now passing away. The main sludge channel, as projected, has been planned to provide for the drainage from ordinary puddling mills, and its form and dimensions, and the area of the outlet or reserve into which the l sludge is to be discharged, have been calculated i upon the same data, namely, the number of mills : upon an average at work, and the quantity of sludge discharged f;om each, during an average working time. It is clear, however, that if all, or even some of the newly projected Companies ' are also to discharge their refuse into the main channel, provision will have to be made accordingly, for it must be remembered that each of these Companies will discharge into the channel in one day as much sludge as three ordinary puddling mills would send down in a week, and that the discharge will take place under circumstances totally different to those which prevail at present. In the first place, the discharge will be continuous through out the day ; and, in the nest, it will run into the channel in a far more fluid state than the refuse from the ordinary mills, and this will be a positive auda seriousdisad vantage-so serious that it will render necessary a total reconsideration of the plan of the main sludge channel. Any one may satisfy himself upon this point by watching . what is going on in the sludge channel now that a portion, and only a portion, of the drainage from the Bendigo Water Works Company's wash ing machines flow into it. It will be found'that even with this, at present, by no means formida ble addition to the drainage, the channel silts up with extraordinary rapidity. The reason is that the refuse from a system of steam-worked cylinders is water comparatively little charged with clay and sand, and that the sandy particles conse quently travel but a very little distance. The thicker the sludge (supposing there to be a reasonable fall) the further will its heavier par ticles be carried before they are deposited; the more fluid it is, the sooner will the sand disengage itself and sink. According to all appearauces, therefore, under the new system of puddling, of which we are now seeing but the commencement, the greater part of the sand discharged from the machines will be deposited at no very great distance from the place where it enters; thus, instead of the sludge being carried away, bodily, miles from Sandhurst into the reserve which it is understood was selected as its outlet by the Commission, it would be lodged close at hand, and as the channel will have iu any case to be kept clear, we should have a range of moun tains of sand constantly increasing in size, commencing at Golden-square and looming larger and larger in the midst of the town of Sandhurst itself. It is difficult to see how, without in curring an exorbitant expense for maintenance, and converting the town, in time, into one vast mountain of sand, the drainage under the new sys tem of puddling is to be provided for. First, there is the enormous additional quantity of sludge drainage which will be made when machinery, worked by steam, is applied to gold-washing on a large scale; aud next, there is the fact that the discharge will be so far more fluid than at present that the sand will be deposited far more rapidly. These are difficulties which deserve instant con sideration by Municipal Councils and Mining Boards, and Government Snrveyors, and Govern ment itself, for now or never is the time to pro - vide agaiust them. To us it seems that there is only one way to meet the difficulty, and that is to consider whether the sludge from the works of the new steam puddling companies ought to be allowed to be discharge 1 into the main channels at all, or at least without somo restrictions. It may be to the interest of the companies themselves to consider whether it may not bo more economical to them to run the refuse from their cylinders into their own ground, rather than be subject tc the heavy assessment which they will certainly have to pay if they use the channels at their pleasure, that is if other interests of a goldfield are to be protected. We can see no difficulty in the companies keeping the sludge upon their own ground au soon as they have got a good "face" upon their workings, and we can see one great advantage to them in the opportunity they will thus have of using water again and again, which would otherwise be recklessly wasted before it had half done its duty. Auothcr thing to be borne in mind is the deplorable and desolate condition in which this goldfield would he left if every gully and flat were by systematic puddling operations bared to the bed rocks, and utterly denuded of soil or' detritus of any kind. Either Sandhurst will be surrounded by an end less chain of stagnant lagoons or else by a dreary arid desert of slate and sandstone. If, however, the system is adopted of keeping upon the ground the refuse from the machines when alluvial gold washing is at an end, it will leave behind it laud which will, in time at least, be valuable. We hope to. see this subject at once taken in hand by all whom it may concern, aud no time ought to be lost, for it will be only fair to the new Com panies to let them understand from the first the conditions under which they will be placed. At present the form of lease which has been prepared by the Solicitor General is very vague in the matter of drainage. It will have to be made distinct and precise, aud one of the conditions ought, as it scoms to us, most certainly to be that 110 company should be allowed to run sludge off its ground after the expiration of a reasonable time from the commencement of its gold-washing operations. Of course every facility not incon sistent with the general interests of the public, should be given to the new steam-puddling com panies, but we feel convinced that the companies themselves would find it to their advantage in the long run to keep the refuse from their mills banked up in their ground, and so economise that prime necessary to their operations- water, and escape an assessment which must otherwise be : exorbitant. ' LYCEUM TIIRATRE.-Last night at the Lyceum the new burletta of " The Return Home," by Mr. Thatcher, was produced for the first time, with considerable success. The incident of the piece merely consists of the return home of a lucky Rendigo digger, Tom S milkers (Mr. Thatcher), who in digginsr costume, and with colonial manners and freedom of speech, creates some degree of astonishment in the unsophisticated minds of his sweetheart, Miss Lncy Snville ( Madame Vitelli), and his'sister, Miss Clara Smithers (Mrs. Oakey.) In the" dialogue of such a piece, ns might be supposed, there is great scope for the introduction of very humorous allusions, and the Bendigo digger's description of h's adventures and misad ventures on the ooldfields, related in phraseology little understood at home, was very amusing. The piece also contains a number of those wit ticisms and local hits which generally consti tute the chief attractions in the productions of the "Inimitable." The va'ious subjects of mining companies, waterworks shares, safe robberies, ifcc,, are humorously introduced, and puns made to any extent. Mrs. Oakey, as she always doe?, acted with vivacity and humor, and eahg capitally. Madame Vitelli also sang gome of the airs incidental to the pieco with good taste and execution. The acting of Thatcher in the part of Tom Smilhers would have been more suc cessful if he would only infuse a little more spirit and energy in his style, with not so much mono tony in his tone of "reading" the part. On the whole, with another rehearsal, the burletta bids fair to become as great a hit as the " Colonial Ser vant,'1 and to have as long and as successful a run. The house was very well attended. TUB SHAMROCK.-The re engagement of the Minstrels at the Shamrock appears likely, if we may judie by last night's house, to be a " draw." The whole of the San Francisco Minstrels, with the exception of Mr. Deinerest, have been re engaged, and they appeared, together with Backus and Burgess, last evening. Their jokes and wit ticisms seemed to take immersely with the audience, who enjoyed themselves as much or more than if they had not been playing here for a period extending over twelve months The per formances concluded with the farce of " Hunting a Turtle," which was well received. HAY.UA.RKET THEATRE -There was a full house at the theatre last evening, the perform I ances being of the same character as those at the Shamrock. Madam Strebinger's dancing met with great applause, and in fact the whole even ing's entertainment was a great success. Mn. POLLARD'S CONCERT.--'We understand that the Council have decided on allowing Mr. Pol lard's class the use of the Town Hall on the occasion of the next Concert, to be held on Tues day, the 11th inst. The programme is now pub lished, and from the variety of talent it displays, cannot fail to draw a good liouBe. The concert will be in aid of the Hosp'tal, the funds of which Institution will doubtless be greatly benefited by the charitable intentions of the singers. A NEW HISTORICAL READING.-We lenrn from our contemporary's leading columns of yestei day two interesting facts ; first that the battle of Austerlitz nas a '.bright flower," and next that the Austrians were marching ofT the field in triumph as conquerors when Desaix arrived at Napoleon's head quarters, pulled out his watch, said there was time for another battle, and accordingly ano'her battle was fought and won. Considering that Desaix was killed in a cavalry charge just after he had consulted his watch and given similar advice at the one time doubtful battle of Marengo, fought in the year 1800, it is somewhat extraordinary that Desaix should have appeared after he had been dead five years, again produced his watch, (it must have' been a re peater,) and volunteered his advice whero it was not wanted, at the decisive battle of Austerlitz, fought ill 1805. Not a bad ghost story, but it is the first time we ever heard of it. SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT THR BACK CRF.EK.-A very me'ancholy and serious accident occurred yesterday afternoon to a little bny named Hardy, eight years of age, the son of a miner living at the Back Creek. The lit'le fellow was playing about, close to a large embankment near Clay's puddling maeliin", when at the moment he was running past it fell on him, and crushed him to the ground. He was immediately taken up and Dr. Rowbo ham having been sent for it was found tha' both the poor little fellow's thigh bones were fractured, besides his having a s evere injury to the spine. The doctor having set the fractured limbs the boy at his suggestion was removed to the hospital in a yery precarious state. MIRACULOUS ESCAPES.-The Back Creek cor respondent of the Ballarnt Times sta'es the fol lowing :-" A young woman, on Saturday, fell down a forty feet hole in front of Mr. Edward Marks' store, Ballarat-street, but was soon rescued, A medical gentleman was promptly in attendance, and strange to ?ay found that she had only received a few slight contusions and bruises. It is said that the same person fell down a hole once berore without sustaining .any injury. On the same evening another woman fell down a sixty feet hole while in a state of intoxication; and, however incredible it may appear, was not hurt, and hardly, she savn, felt the effects of the shock.'' A SWEEHNO REFORM.-We see that a coup'e of these sooty tradesman, the chimneysn eeps, have started in Sandhurst,eaclli with acompleteapparatus for the operation of cllimney e'eaning. The late decisions of the Bench in inflicting heavy fines for chimives taking fire through want of cleaning,will have the effect of bringing considerable business to these parties, especially aj their charges appear to ho very reasonable. Tun: Mum EH AT DAYLE-TOKD.-David St'jker, who has been committed to take his trial at the next assizes for the murder of his wife, at Dayles fon', has been brought into Castlemaine, and lodged in gaol,-M. A. Mail. A VIRTUOUS HEROINE.-An American, residing at Ha>hurst, has been mortally stabbed by a female with a pair of scissors for attempting to take in decent liberties with her. 