A TALE OF TWO CITIES. IN THREE BOOKS. By Charles Dickens. (Continued fron the Jlgt of ' Jlvgutt 13.) Book the First. — Recalled to Lira, CnAPrER IV. — TQE PREPARATION. When the null got successfully to Dover, ia the course of tho forenoon, the head-drawer at the Royal George Hotel openod tho coaohdoor, as his custom was. He did U with some flourish of oere mony, for a mall journey from London ia winter wna an achievement to congratulate aa adven turous traveler upon. By ihat limn, there w»b only one adventurous traveller left to be congratulated'; for, the two other b had been tet clown lit their reactive road side defltlUIUlDu.% liltt mimuw/ lufiiue ui uitt coach, with its dump nnd flirty straw, its disagree able smoll, and ita obscurity, was rather like a larger sort of dog-kennel. Mr Lorry, the pas senger, fhaking himself out of it, in chains of straw, a tangle of Bhuggy, wrapper, flipping hat, and muddy legs, was latherlike a larger eort of dog, 11 There will be a packet to Calais to-morrow, drawer I'7 'Yes, fir, if the weather holds and the witid sets tolerable fair. The tide will serve protty nicely at about two in the afternoon, sir. Bed, air !' 'I i-hall not go to bed till night ; but I want a bedroom and a barber.1' ' And then breakrast, sir T Yes, Mr. That way, sir, if you please: Show Concord 1 Gentleman's valise and bot water to Concord. Pull off gentle mnn'fl bootp in Concord. (You will ilnd a line sea ooal Ore, sir.) Fetch barber to Concord. Stir about there, now for Concord!' The Concord bodebamber being always assigned to a passenger by the mail, and pa?seDgers by the mail beiug always heavily wrapped up from head to foutj the room had the odd interest for the esta blishment of the Royal George, tbat although but one kind of man was seen to go iutoit, ml kind* and varieties of rcon came out of it. Consequently another drawer, and two porter?, and several maid;, and the landlady, were all loitering by ac oident at various points of tUe road betwoen the Concord oud the coffee room, when a gentle-nun of sixty, formally dressed in a brown tuit of clotheB, pretty well worn, but very well kept, with large square cuffs and large flips to tbo posketp, pa'.eed alone on his way to his breakfast. ; Ths coffee room nau no other oceupnnt tbat forenoon than the gentleman in brown. His breakfast table was drawn before the fire, and as bo Pat, with its light shining on him, waiting for the meat, be sat bo still that he might have been sitting for hia portrait. Very orderly and methodical be looked, with a hand on e-ivcb knee, and a loud watch ticking a sonorous sermon under hia flipped wautcoat, as though it pitted its gravity and longevity against the levity and evanescence of the brisk Ore. He bad a good le/, and was a 'little vain of it, for his brown stockings fitted sleek and close, and wore of a fine texture ; his shoes and buokleB, too, though plain, were trim. He wore an odd little sleek crisp flaxen wig, setting very close to his head : which wig, it is to be prceumvd, waB made of hair, but whion looked far more as though it were spun from ^laments of silk or glass. His linon, tliocigh not of ' a flneuese In accordance with his stockings, was as white aa the tops of the waves that broke upon the neighboring boach, or the specks of sail that glinted in the sunlight far at sea. A face, habitually suppressed and quieted, was still lighted up under ibe quaint wig by a i-air of moist bright eyes that it must have cost tbeir owner, in yearBgone by, some pains to drill to the composed and reserved expression of Tellson's Bank. He had a healthy color in hia [ eheekf, aod bli fws, though lln«d, boro few traeei of anxiety. Bat, perhaps the confidential bachelor clerks in Tellson's Bank were principally occupied with the cares of other people ; and perhaps second- hand oircs, like Becond hand olothes, come easily off and on. j Completing his re-emblance to a man who win sitting for his portrait, Mr Lorry dropped off j aelrop. The arrival of bis breakfatt roused him, ; and be eaid to the drawer es he moved his chair to it :— ! ' I wish accommodation prepared for a young | lady «ho mny como here at any time to-day. She i m.iy ask for Mr Jarvis Larry, 'or she. may only ask for a gentleman from TclUon'a Bank. Pierre to let me know/' ' Yob, sir. Tellson's Bank in London?' ' Yes, Bir, We hive oftentimes the honor to entertain your gentlemen in lheir travelliug back wards and forwards between London and Paris, fir. A vast deal of travelling, tlr, In Tellson and Company's House.'1 ' Yts. We are quite e French house, aB well as tn English one.' ' Yep, sir. Not much ia fbo hjbit of sunh travelling yourself, I think, sir ?:- 'Not ol late years. It is fifteen years ainco wo —since I— came last from France. 'Indeed, Mr? That waa before my time here, elr. Before our people's time here, sir. The George was in other bands at that time, sir.' 'I believe so.'1 'But I would hold a pretty wager, sir, that a house like Tullaon nnd Company was flourish ing n matter of flfiy, not to jpeak of fifteen years ago?' ' You mighi treble that, and say a hundred and fifty, yet not be tar from the truth,1' 'Indeed, sir!1' Rounding his mouth and bath hia eyss, as he □ -v|jpcu uauAwaiu irum me tauie, me waiter shifted his napkin from his riglit arm to his left, dropped into a comfortable attitude, and stood surveying the guest while he ate and drank, aa from an observatory or wutch tower. Accord ing to the immemorial usage of waiters in all ages. When Mr Lorry had finished his breakfast, be went out for a stroll on the beach. The little, narrow, crooked town of Dover hi.i itself away from the beach, aud ran its head into tho chalk clift'i, like a marine ostrich. The beach was a desert of heaps Of eea and stones, tumbling wildly about, and the ?ea did what it liked, and what it likod was de struction. It thundered at the town and thundered at the olifls, and brought the coast down madly. The air among the houses was of bo strong a pia oatory flavor, that one might have supposed eick fiih wentup to be dipped in it, as sick people went down to be dipped iu the eoa. A little fishing was done in the port, and a quantity of strolling about by night, aad lookiog seaward —particularly at those times when the tide made, and wan no -r flood. Small tradesmen, who did no business whatever, sometimes unaccountably realised large fonunes, and it was remarkable that nobody .in tho ueigh borhood could endure a lamnlicrhlnr. Ah _ the d»y declined into the afternoon, and the air which had been at intervals clear enough to allow the French coast to be seen, became again charged with mist and vapor, Mr Lorry's thoughts seemed to cloud too. Wben it was dark, and ho i»t befor* the ooflee room fire, awaiting his dinner as he bad awaited his breakfast, his mind was busily digging, dlggiD3, digging in the live red coalg. A bottle of good claret after dinner does a digger in the red coals no harm, otherwise than it has a tendaucy to throw him out of work. Mr Lorry had bjen idle a loo^ lime, and had just poured out his last glassful of wine with as complete an appear ance of satisfaction as is ever to be found in an elderly gentleman of a fresh complexion who has got to the end of a bottle, when a rattling of wheels came up the narrow street, and rumbled into the inn yard. He set down his glass untouched. '; This Mam'selle I1' Baid he. In a very few minutes the waiter came iD, to announce tbat Miss Mauette had arrived from Lon don, and would be happy to see the gentleman from TellBon's immediately, if it euited hia plea euro and couvouience. The gentleman from Tellson's had nothing left for it but to emply hia glass with an air of stolid desperation, settle bis edd little flaxen wig at the earB, and follow the waiier toMifs Muuette'8 apart ment. It was a large, dark room, furnished in a funereal manner wiih black hors .hair, aud loaded tflth heavy dark tables. These had beou oiled and oiled, until tUe two tall oaiidies on the tab'e in the middle of the room gloomily rtflected on every leaf; as if they were buried, iu deep gruvus of black mahogany, and no light to epoak of could ba expectuu, from them until they were dug out. The obscurity was so difficult to penetrate that Mr Lorry, picking his way over ihe woll-worn Turkey carpet, suppos d Miss taanette to be, for the moment, in some urlj-»cent room, until, having j got past the two tall candles, he sa-v standing to receive him by tho table between them and the fire, a young laOy of not more than seventeen, in a r:diug cloak, nnd ptill holding her straw travelling-hat by its ribfeon in her hand. Aa his eyes rested on u ehorr, slight, pretty figure, a quantity cf goldea hair, a pali- of blue eyes Umt met hia own with an in ?j'liringlook. and a forebuad with a bingular capa city (remembering how young and smooth it was), of lilting and knitting itseif imo an expression that waa not quite one cf perplexity, or wonder, or alarm, or merely of a bright Used attention, ? hough it included all the four expressions — aa bia eyes rested on theeo things, a sudden vivid like ness passed before him, of a child whom he had held in his arms on the passage across that very channel, one cold lime, when ihe hail drifted heavily and the Bea ran high. Tha likeness passed away, say, like a breath along the surtao*} of the gaunt pier glass behind her, on the frame of which a hospital procession of negro cupids, several beadlesi and all crippleR, were offering black basketB of Dead So* fruit to black diviniiies of the f-minino gender — and he made his formal bow to Hiss Manette. ' Pray take a seat, sir.' In a vory^ clear and pleasiiit young voice : a little foreign iu its acceut, out u very little indeed. ? ?'I kiss your hand, miss,' said Mr Lrrry, with the manners of au earlier date, as he made bis formal bow again, aud took bis teat. 'I received a letter from the bank, sir, yeslor day, informing me that some new intelligence— or discovery ? ' 'The word is not material, mits ; either word -vill do.' ' ? respecting tho email property of my poor father, whom I never saw — so long dead ? ' Mr Lorry moved iu his chair, and cast a troubled ook towrtrJa the hospital proceeBioa of negro cu pida. Aa if they had any holp for ituybody in thtir absurd baskets! ' ? rendered it necesBary that I should go to Paris, there to communicate wiih a gentlcwuu of the Bank, so gooi as to be dtsputched toPatis for the purpose.' 'Alyaelf.' 1 1 A j T inn n nrnnofArl ti-i Tinat* Cl I* *' Shecurtseyed to him (yoi tig UdieB made curtseys in those days-), with a pretty desire to convey to him that she felt how much older and wiser he wus than eho. He made her another bow. '? I replied to the Bai k, eir, that as it was con sidered* uiceseary, by those who know, and who are no kind as to aJvifii me, tbat I ehuuld go to France, and tbat aB I am au orphau und have no friends who could go witn me, I should esteem it highly if I might bo permitted to place myself, during the journey, uuder that worthy gentle man's protection. The gentleman had left London, but I think a messenger was Bunt ufter him to beg the fjvor of his waiting for me here.'1 ' I was b&ppy;,' said Mr Lorry, ' to be en trusted with tno charge. I shall be more happy to execute It.' 'Sir, I thank ycu indeed. I thank you very gratefully. It was told me by tho Bunk that the gentleman would explain to me the details of the huaiueas, and that, I must prepare myeelt to find them of a eurprising nature. I have done my best to prepare myself, aud i naturally have a strong and' eager interest to know what tho» nra '' ' Naturally,' said Mr Lorry. ' Yes— I ? ' After a pauso, he added, again settling the crisp flaxen wig at the ears : 'It is very difficult to begin.' Be did nut begin, but, iu hia iudeoieion, met her glance. The youug forehead lifted, itself into thut singular expression — but it was pretty and charac teristic, beBidea bein« singulur — and the raised her hand, as if with an involuntary action eho caught at, or stayed, some passing shadow. ' Are you quite a stranger to me, &ir; f' 'Am 1 not?1' Mr Lorry opened hia hands, and extended them outward wiih au argumenta tive smile. Between the eyebrows and just over (be little feminine nssr, the line of which was as delicate aud fine oh it was possible to bo, the expression deepoued itself as she took hit fle*t thoughtfully In the chair by 'which she. had hitherto remaii^d , standing. He watched her as she mused, aud, th ( moment she rtisfd her eyes again, went on : I ''In your adop'ed country, I presume, I cannot do better than address you aa a younir EDelish lady, Mits Manette?' S 'If y.'iti pleaee, Eir.' ' Miss Maiiette, I urn a man of bufine?'. I huvo a bumucss charge to acquit myself ol. In your re ception oi jt, do not hi id ran any more than if I I was n ppeaking machine — truly. I urn not much ! P'ae. I will, with your leave, relate to you, mis3, , the story »f one of our customers.' ' Story I1' He fc- etned wilfully ta mistake the word she bad repeated, when ha added, in a hurry, ' Ye?, cua I tomere ; ii (he banking business we usu-tlly call ; our countxion cur customers. Ha was a French gentleman ; a BCtenlific gentleman : a man of great acquirements— n Doctor.' '? Not ofBeaiiTais?' ' ' Why, yes, of Betuvab. Like Moneieur Manette, your father, the gentleman was of fieauvaia. Like Monsieur Manette, your father, the gontlemaji was of repute in Paris. I hud the honor of knowing him there. Our relations were business rela tions, but confidential. I wan at that time in our French house, and had been— oh I twenty years.1' ? ' .Afc tQat time !— may I ask, at what time, _ ''I speak, miPF, of twenty years ego. lie mar ried— an English lady— and I whb one of Iha trustees. His ufJUirp, like, the affairs of many other French gentlemen mid French families', were en tirely in Tellson's lnndp. In a similar way, I am, or I have been, trueti-e of one kind or other for scores of our cuKtomerc. These are mere business relations, miss ; there ia no friendship in them, no particular interest, nothing like sentiment. I have patseo irora oce to another, in the course of my i business life, just bb I pass from one of our cua I tomer.s to another in the course of my business day ; in short, I have uo feelings ; I am a mere machine. To go on ? ' ' But tliis is my father's story, sir ; and I begin to think'' — the curiously roughened forehead was very intent upon him—' that when I was left an orphan, through my mother's surviving my father only two years', it w.ig you who brought me to England. I am almoBt sure it was you.' Mr Lorry took the hesitating little hand that confi ingly advanced to take his, and he put it with some ceremony to his lips. He then conducted tho young lmly atniightway to her chair agiin, and, holding the chair back with his Jeft hand, and U6ing his right by turns to rub his chin. pull hia wig at the ear?, or point what he said, stood looking down iuto her face while she sat looking up into hia. 'MisaMaoette, it was I. And you will see how truly I spoke of myself just now, in Buying I had no feelings, and that all the relations I bold with my fellow creatures are mere bueinesa rela tion.', when you reflect that I have never seen you HBce. No ; you have been the ward of Telli-oa'a House Bine-', and I have been busy with the other business of Tension's House tince. Feelings! I have no time for them, no charce of them. I pass my whole life, mies, in turning au immense pecu niary .V angle.' After ibis odd description of his daily routine of employment, Mr Lorry flittened his flaxen wig upon his head with both hands (which was most unnecesfnry, for nothiug could b« flitter thau ita shining surface was before), and resumed his for mer altitude. 'So far, miss (as you have remarked), thia is the story of your regretted father. Now comes the difference. If your father haa not died when he did ? Don't bs frightened ! How you start I' ' She did, indeed, start. And she caught his wriBt with both her hands. '' Pray,' said Mr Lorry, in a soothing tono, bringing hia left hand from the back of the chair to lay it on the supplicatory fingers thai clapped him in go violent a tremble: 'pray control your agitfttion— a matter of businesa. As I was saying — ' Her look bo discomposed him that he stopped, wandered, and began anow: '?As I waB miyiiig ; if Monsieur Manette hid not died : if he hud suddenly and eilonilv d.'s appeared ; if he h*d been Bpirited away ; if it had not been diffljult to guess to what dreadful pluce, though uo art could trace him ; if he had an enemy in eobii; compatriot who could exercipe a privilege th-.it I in my oivu time have kuown Hie boldest people afraid to speak of iu e, nhi'per, across thu water, there ; for instauce, the privilege of filling up bUiitc ?forma lor the coneiguineut of Buy one io the oblivion of a prieoa for uny leng'h of time; if hia wife had implored ths king, the queen, th« oourt, the clergy, for any tidinga oi him, und all quite in vain ;— Ihsn the histi-ry of jour fulber would have beeu ihe history of this unfortu nate gentlcrmiu, tha Dootor of Beuuvais.' ' I entre.il. you to tell ma mote, sir.' 'I will. I am tfoing t0, you can bear it?' I can biir tmythiug but the uncertainty you leave me iu at tun moment.' ' You opeak collectedly, and you— are collected. That a good !' (Though hia manner waa less satis fied than I'n wordO ' A mntf.i r nf luiBinnsa n». gard it as n matter oi business— business that must be done. No#, if this doctor's wife, though a lady of great courage and spirit, had suffered so intensely from this cause before ier lfttlo child was boru ? ' ' The little child wan a daughter, sir.' 'A daughter. A— a — matter of Lusiness— jlon't be distressed . llise, if I ha poor lady had suffered eo intensely bel'orp her little child waa born, that Bhe came to th« determination of sparing the poor child the inheritance of any part cf the ftgony she hud known ihe paiuB of, by rearing her in the bolief that her father was dead ? No, don't kneel I In Hoi^eu'a uome why should you kneel to roel' 'For the truth. O dear, good, compassionate sir, fur thu truth I' ' A — a matter of business. You confuse me, and how can I irausact business if I um coof'tieed? Let us be clear- headed. If you could kindly mention now, for instance, what nine times niuepence are, or how many shillings in twenty guinea?, it would be so encouraging. I bhould be so much more ftt my ease nboui your mate of mind.'1 Wi hout directly answeiing fo thin appeal, Bhe sat so siill whem he had very gently raised her, and the hands that hud not ceased to clasp bis wrists were 60 iruch more BteaOy than thej had been, (hit she commuEicatud some reassurance to Mr Jarvis Lurry, 'That's right, that's right. Courcge! Busi ness. Misi Miinette, your mother took thia course with yoli. And ^yhen sbe died — I be lieve brokeu-beartiid — having never slackened her unavailing roaich for your father, nhe left von, at two yeara old, to glow to be blooming, beautiful, and haj py, i iiiiout ihu dmk cloud upon you i;f living in unc.titaiuty whether your fat liar soon vrore his heart out in prison, or wasted there through miny liugoriug jeaie.' As ho Bi'.iil tun wnrrln. hi- 'onkerl down with an admiriug pity on tbo flowing golden hair, ai if he pictured to himself that it might have been al ready tinged with grry. ' You know that your pnronjs hnd no great possessions, and that what they had was Fecured to your mother und to you. There has bsen uonew diacovery of money, or of any otUur j.ropert/ ; but He felt hia wrist held closer, and ho stopped. The exprcEsion in the forehead, which had so particularly at traded his notice, mid which was now immovable, had leepened into one of paiu and horror, 'But be has boon — been found. Be i.i alive. Greatly changed, it ia too probable ; almost n wreck, it is possible; though we will hope thu best. Still, alive. Yourtuther hua been taken to tho house of au old servant in Paris, and we are going there : I, to identify him, if I can ; you, lo rtgtoro him to life, love, duly, rest, comfort.' A shirer ran through her frama, and from it through his. She baid, iu a low, distiuot, awe fjtrickea vo;cp, as if shy were eayiug it iu a ilream, x fiiu £ujm{£ *u auc uia guueb : i.t Will UB HIS ghoBt — not him !' Mr Lorry quietly chafed the hands that held hiB urm. 'There, there, there ! Seo now, see now I The best and the vrorBt aie kaown lo you now. You are well on your way to the poor wronged gentleman, and, with a fair sea voynga, and a tair laud journey, you will bo soou at bis dear side.' She repeated in the eamo tone, sunk to a whisper, '? I h ive been free, I have been happy, yet his Ghost has never haunted me!1' ' Only one thing more,' said Mr Lorry, laying stress upon it as a wholesome means of enforcing her atteniion : ' he has been found under another nainu ; hia own, long forgotten or long concealed. It would be worse ;han usule?s now to inquire which ; worse thau usekea to seek to know whether he has been for years overlooked, or always de signedly held prlhoner. It would be worse than ioIcu oow to make any inquiries, beoiuae U . i would be dingerouf. Better not to mention the fm'jeot, anywhere or in nny way, and to removo mm— for a while at all cvents-out of France. Even I, fafe as an Englishman, and even TellsonV, itnportnnt as they are to French credit, uv.iitj Hll naming of the matter. I carry a'-tut me eoI a 8Ji cp of writing oppnly referring to if. 1 M.« Is a secret service nltog-;!b»r. My credentials, cmrits, und memorandn, are i-.ll coniprclicnde-l in the one line, 'Ilecallw! to L:fc :' which may n^an anything. But what is i be matter! She doos-n't noiice u word ! Miss Maiiette !'' Peifectly still and silent, and not even fallen back in her chair, bIio Rat under hia hand, utterly )OBen?jblc, with her eyes open and fixed upon him, nnd with tnat last expressio.i looking aa if it weie curved or branded into her forehead. So clofe was her bold upon hia arm, tbat he feared to detach himself lest he shou'd hurt her; there fore he called out loudly for assistance without raovlug. A wild looking woman, whom, even in hi* agitation, Mr Lorry observed to be ull of a red color, and to have rfd hair, and to be are«ed in aome extraordinary tight fitting fashion, nnd to have on htr head a most wondeiful bonnut like a Grenadier wooden /neatsure, and good measure too, or a great Stilton cheese, came running into the room In advance of the inn servants, and fcoon nettled the question of his detachment from the poor youu^ lady, bj liying a brawny hand upon bin chest, aud lending him fly ing back ogninet the nearest wall. ('I really think this rnuat be a man!' was Mr Lorry's breathless reflection, simuHanecusly with his coming against Ihe wall.) '; Why, look at you all V hawled thia figure, addressing the inn servants. Why don't you go and fetch things, instead of standing there Blaring at me ? I am not bo much to look at, am I ? Why don't you ko and fetch thines? I'll let vou know. if you don't bring smelllng-salta, co.'d water, aod vinegar, quick, I will!' There waa an immense dispersal for these restor atives, and she softly laid Ihe patient on a sofa, and tended her with great skill and gentleness, calling lor ' my precious!' and 'my bird !'aadspteidin-j her golden hair aside over her shoulders with eroat I pride and care. 'Aud you In brown!' she said, indignantly turning on Mr Lorry, ' couldn't you toll her what you had to tell her without frightening her to death? Look at her, with her pretty pale face and her cold hands. Do you 'call that beinL' a banker ?' Mr Lorry was go exceedingly disconcerted by a question so hard to an9wer, that he could only ? j ? *' '? ?' «i««iwwj invu 1UUUU IGtulul r V lli' p&thy; and humility, while the slrong woman, having banished the inn servants under the mysterious penalty of ' letting them know' something not mentioned if they 'stayed there, Btaring, recovering her charge by a regular series of gradations, and coaxed her to lay her drooping head upon her shoulder. ' I hope she will do well now,1' fatd Mr Lorry. '?' No thanks to you in brown, if she doge. My darling pretty !' ' I hope,' siid Mr Lorry, after another pause of feeble sympathy and humility, 'that you ac company Miss Manette to France 1' 'A likely thing, too !' replied the strong wo man. '-If it was ever intended thitl hhouldgo Rcross salt water, do ycu suppose Providence would havo cast my lot in an island 1' This being anoiher question hard to antwer, Mr Jarvii Lorry wiihdrow to comidsr it. Onirarii 7. THB WJXB SHi r. A i.arob cask of wine had teen dropped ana broken, in the street. The accident had hippened in getting it out cf a cart ; the cask had tumbled out with a run, tUe'ioop» had burst, and it lay on the ftones just outside tho door of the wine ihop, shattered like a walnut shell. All the people within reach had Euupended their business, or their idleness, to ruu to tho srot and drink the wine. Tho rough irregular stones of the street, pointiDg every way, and designed, one might have ibought, expressly to lame all living creatures that npi roacbed them, had dammed i*. in'o little pools ; these were surrounded, each by itsown jo?tliag group or crowd, according to its size. Some men Itneeled down, made scoops of their two hands joined, and sipped, or tried to help women, who bent over their shoulderp, to sip, before the wine bad all run out between their fin gei-B. Olhers, men and wsnen, dipped in the pud dles with little muga of mutilated earthenware, or even with handkerchiefs from women's heads, which were squeezed dry into infant's mouth3 ; ofcbera mide snwil mud-embankments, to stem the wine as it ran ; others, dirscted by lookers-on up at high window;', darted hero and liiere, to cutoff' little streams of wine that started asvay in new di rections; others:, devoted thomselves lo tho codden and leodyed pieces of tlit- cu^k, licking, and even champing the moisture wine rotted fragments with eaa;er relish. There was no drainage to carry oQ the wine, and not only did it all get taken up, but bo much mud got taken up along with it, that there might have been a scavenger in tho street, if any bbdy acquainted wiih it could have believed iu such a mirasulousj presence. A shrill sound of laughter and of amused vol.-es — voices of men, women, nnd children — resounded in the street while this wine- game lasted. There nrn-i lil.iln rnnn-lirmps in t.Hn onnpf nn/1 rvmnl. nlnn ? Ib*iJ ..HH.U A 1'U£ '.' UV t Jl« VUV O|JU1 *, UM14 1UUUU UiU V fulness. There waa a special companionship in it, an observable inclination on the part nf every one to join some other one, which led, especially among the luckier or lighter-hearted, to froliCBJme embraces, drinking of healths, shaking of hands, and even joining of hands and dancing, a d'lZun together. When the wine was gone, and the plaeos where it hnd been most abundant were raked into a gridiron-pattern by fingers, these de monstrations ceased, ag suddenly as they bad broken out. Tue mau who had left bis saw slick ing iu tho firewood he was cutting, set it in motion iignia ; the woman who had left on a dnor-ntep the little pot of hot-ashes, at which iht had been trying to eoften the pain iu her own Btai vod fingers and toes, or in tboee of her child, returned to it ; men with bare arms, matted locks, and cadaverous faces, who had emerged into tho winter light from cellars, moved away todrscend eguin ; and a gloom gathered ou tha fiaene.that appeared more natural to it than sunshine. Ths wino was red wine, and had stained the ground of the narrow street iu the suburb of Saint Antoine.inParip, where it was spilled. Ithud stained many bauds, too, ami many iaces, und many naked feet, nnd many wooden shoos. The hands of the mau who sawed the wood, left red innrkd on the billets ; and tho fi-rehead of tho woman who nursed her baby, was stained viiLh the sluia of the old rag i-he wound about her head's gain. Those who bad been greedy with the stavei of tho cos1*, had acquired u tigerish smear nbout the mouth ; and ono tall joker so besmirched, his head more out of a long tqualid ling r.f u nightcap than in it, scrav/led upo:i a wall with hia finger dipped in mudflv wiriA Xo.p.ii ? llr.nnn The time was to come, when that wine too would bo spilled on the street Btones, and when the staiu of it would be red upon many there. And uow Uiat the cloud settled u[on Saint Antoine, which a momentary gleam had driven from hia caored countenance, the darkness of it was heavy — cold, dirt, Bicknope, ignoraDco, and want, were the lords in waiting on tin saintly presence — nobles of great power nil of them; but, moat especially the last. Samplea of a people that hud undergone a terrible grinding and re-grindiag in the mill, and certainly not in Ihe fubulom mill which ground old people young, shivered at every comer, pa6sed in aud out at every doorway, looked from every window, fluttered in every vostigo of a garment that the wind thook. The mill which had worked them down, was tho mill Ihat grinds young people old ; the children had ancient faces and grave voices j and upon them, nnd upon the grown luces, ncd ploughed into every furro.v of age and coming up afresh, waa the sign, Hung-ir. It waa prevalent everywhere. Hunger wan pushed out of the tall houses, in the wrotchud clothing' Ihat hung upon poles and lines j Hunger waa patohed into thorn with straw and rag and wood and paper; Hunger was repeated in every fragment of the small modicum of Orewood that the man sawed off ; Hunger stared down from the smokeless chimneys, und started up from the filthy street that had no offal, among its rofusp', of anything to eat. Hunger wns the inscription on tho baker's shelves!, written in every small loal of his scanty stock of bad bread ; at ihe aauBage shop, in evsry dead dog preparation ihat wna offered for gale. Hunger rattled its dry bones among the roasting chesnuts in the turned cylinder ; Hunger was shred into atomies in every farthing porringer of husky chips of potato, fried with some reluctant drops of oil. Its abiding place waa in all t linga fitted to it. A. narrow winding street, full of offence and ?tench, -with other narrow -winding street i ] diverging, all peopled by rtig« and. nightoape, aad ; ? . * ' ? i .? I all nnalling of ragH and nightcaps, and ell visible hmgs with a brroilit)S look upou them tint looked in. In tho hunted air of the people there was jet fome nild-bunft thought of tho possibility of laming at bay. Depreajcd nnd flinkinS though they vrore, eyes of firo wore not wr.nling i-moiiz ? hern; nor compressed lip?, v. kits wiih wiat they ''oppressed ; nor fort-bends knitttd into the likeness pi lliH gallows-rope they mused about enduring, or inflicting. The trade signs (and they were almost 'Br l?rnn? r'a tho SQ°P8- wero, all, grim illustrations c.t Want. The butcher and the porknun painted up. o.ily tho leanest tcrags of meat ; tha baker, tho coarsest of meagre loaves. Tho people rudely pictured as di inking in the wino-shrp/, croaked over their soanly measures of thin wine and beer, and were gWeringiy confidential together. Nothing waB ropreaentod in a Houi ithing condition, ebvo tool* and we.ipoDS ; but, the cutle r'a Jjnivcs and axei were sharp rind bright, the smith's hammers were heavy, and the gunmakei's stock was murderous. Tha cripplingt;tones of tho pave ment, with thtir many Hale retcrvoirs of mnl riM water, had no footways', but broke off nbn ptly'ftt the doors. The kennel, to make amends, ran down the middle of the street— when it run at «ll : which was only after heavy rains, tied then It ran, by many eccentric fits, iuto Ihe houses'. Across (he ptreels, at wide intervale, onu clumsy lamp was slung by a rope and pulley ; at night, when the lamplighter had let these down, and lighted, and hoi3ted them again, a feeble grove of dim wicka swung in a sickly manner overhead, as if they were at Fea. Inde i d they were i»t sea, and the ship nnd crow were in peril of tempest. For, the time wa? to come, when the g9unt ECarecrowa of that region nkould hive watched tho lamplighter, in their idleness and hunger, to long, us to conceive tho ideja of improving on bis method, and hauling up men by thope ropes and pulleys, to flure upon the darkness of their conditiou But, the time was not come yet ; and every wind that blew over France ohook the rags of the eoarecrowa in vain, for tho birds, fine of song and feather, took no warning. The wine shop was a corner shop, bolter than most others in its appearance and degree, anil the master of the wino shop had Blood outside it, in a yellow waistcoat and green breeches, looking on at (he Etruggle for the lost wine. 'It's not my affair,' siid h«, with a final shrug of his ehoulders. ' The people from the market did it. Let them bring another.' There, his eyes happening to catch (be tall joker writing up his joke, he called to him across the ivay : 'Say, the«, my Gaspard; what do yos do .hare P' _ The fellow pointed to his joke with immense aig mucance, na ie often tho way with hia tribe. It missed its mark, and completely failed, rb is often the way with his tribe too. '' What now ? Are you a subject for Ibe mad hospital !' said tho wine-sihop keeper, orossing the road, and obliterating the jest with a handful of mud, picked up for the purpose, and smeared over it. ' Why do you write in the publio streets 7 It there— tell me then — is there no other placo to write such words in V In his expostulation he dropped hiB cleaner hand (perhaps accidentally, perhaps cot) upon, tho joker's heart. The joker rapped it with hia own, tsok a nimble rpring upward,- and catLe down in a fantastio dancing attitude, with one of bin atained shoea jerked off his foot into his hand, and held out. A'joker of an sxtremely, not to say wolfishly, practical charaoter, ho looked, uuder those circumstances. ' Put it on, put it on,' said 'the other. 'Call wine, wine ; and finish there.'' With that advico. he' wiped hia soiled hand upon the joker's dress, such us it was— quite deliberately, as having dirtied the hand on bis account ; and then recroti.d tha road and entered tho wine-shop. This wine-shop keeper was a bull-necked, martial looking man of thirty, and he should have been cf a hot temperament, for, although it was a bitter day, he woro no coat, but carried one slung over hia (shoulder. His shirt uleeves were rolled up, too, and his brown arms weru bare to the elbow*. Neither did he wear anything more ou his head than hia own orieply curling short dark hair. Ha was a dark man altogether, with good eyes and a good bold broudth between them. Good humored looking on the whole, but implacable looking, too ; evidently a msn of u strong resolution and a eoC purpose ; a man not deuirable to be mei, rnshing down a narrow pias with a gulf on either eido, for nothing would turn the man. lludame Defarge, hia wife, ait in the shop hehind the counter as bo carao in. itudame Defurge was a Btout woman of about, his own a no, with a watch ful eye that seldom seemed to look at anylhing, a large hand heavily ringed, a ftiady (acu, strong featurtB, and great coiupo3ure of manner. Thero was a charaoter abaut Aladamo Defarge from which one might have predicted that the did not often make mistakes against liorfelfin any of the reckon ingaoverwhich tho presided. Madnmc Defarge being eensiiive to colil, was wrapped in fur, und had u, quantity of bright shawl twined nbout her head, though not to tho concealment of her large ear rings. Her knitting wa3 before her, but r.hu hud laid it down to pick her teeth with a toothpick. Thus engaged, with her right elbow supported by her left hand, Ma'luine Defargo s-aid nothing when her lord cams in, but coughed just ono grain of cough. This, in- combination with tho lifting of her darkly defined eyebrows over her toothpick by the breadih of a .Hue, suggested to her husband Ihat ho would do well to look round the (hop among the oustomers, for any new customer who had dropped in while ho stepped over the way. A Cruel Disappointment. — A little in the way of romance in real life occurred here a few days since. A young lady yet in her teens ar rived the other day from Australia, with the ob ject of marrying a gentleman in the navy, whosa portrait, with recommendations, had been pre viously forwarded to her from Calcutta by an old lady friend. The likeness appeared to be that of a young man of about twenty-two or twenty-five — with comely fcaturos, and his other good qualities being duly testified to by her friend, the young lady, who was possessed of a most ardent desire to visit tho East, thought that the match might be an eligible ono, so con~ sented and at once came out. Her advent was telegraphed from the' Sandheada, and on arrival in harbor, her friend was in readiness to receive her. She went ashore in high spirits, felt quite charmed with what little she had been able to see of the city of palaces, and thought that she would like the place very well indeed. Evening came, and some friends who had been invited to dinner began dropping in. Amongst the number a man above the middle age was ushered out of a dingy-looking palankeen, and slowly limped up the staircase with the help of a walking-stick. Miss U. had just uttered an exclamation of pity for the poor man, when Mrs G. hastening up took him by the hand and introduced him to his ' intended ?' I can hardly describe to you tho astonishment of the young lady ; and verily be lieve that had it been offered to- her she would have as readily swallowed a tumbler of brandy or any other spirit, as a certain king did on a similar occasion. However, the evening passed off, and eurly next dawn saw Miss 17. on board the vessel sho had come in — determined, des pite all that her friends could say, evory argu ment, persuasion and inducement, to return to Australia in her. And on board she remained till the ship sailed, when, doubtless the proud hearted girl was glad enough to lose sight of all that reminded her of the cruel sell ! Such waa tiie indomitable resolution of the Australian lass. Tho portrait, however, was not a counter feit, but had been taken some fifteen years ago- long before tho time of our Newlanda and Bakers and when the unlucky lieutenant of navy had not been stricken with paralysis in his left understanding. — Liicknow Herald, 21st May. A New Hoop Disease.— A. new disease has made its appearance siuaa the introduction of hoops. It exhibits itself in cold weather, and then is only dis covurablo ia cities whero tU-j buildings are warmed with furnaces. Two ladies were standing over a i«. ^ister the other day, talking and laughing, whoa one. endattvoriug to sit was suddenly attacked aud screamed' violently. Tho other soon ako tried to sit, and was attacked in the same manner. The explanation is, that by standing so long over tho register, their ruetal« Ho hoops became heated to ttucli a degree that wben they attempted to bo seated, it was like silting ou a hot gridiron. Of course they wore not a great ltingth of tinio getting up again, aud nnturally enough ut tered screama — all of which would bo very mysttirioui to a looker on, unacquainted 'with the tn;r»t«rl a a uoop§;— Ntvi YorkPafxri 