PARLIAMENTARY REFORM. (From the Times.) The present position of Parliamentary Reform is that of a triangular duel, in which Conservatives, Whigs, and Radical Reformers are the belligerents. There is, however, this novelty in the arrangements that the one who has the privilege of the first shot has immediately to receive the fire of both the others. Lord Derby is now taking him, right and left, at Lord John Russell and Mr. John Bright, with the unpleasant certainty that if he does not make sure work he will the next moment be between two fires. Perhaps it would be saying too much for either party of aristocratic Reformers to suppose that they enter very heartily into the game. If the country would go on without Reform, and if either of the two great competitors for place and power felt he had a good lease of office for several years to come, the Radicals might hold as many indoor and outdoor meetings as they pleased. The only enthusiasts are the outsiders. who have never yet seen anything of office but deputations and ante-rooms, or perhaps vestibules and hall porters, and who have nothing to do with the revenue except to contribute, and cavil at waste. Of course, even a high Whig or high Conservative would not object to the éclat of a grand measure like the last. It tells in history, in the annals of party, and what is more than all in the family records. " Lord John Russell " is now almost as great a name in the genealogical tree as John, Lord Russell. Then certainly a good working measure that stopped many mouths, and sent the whole topic right to the end of the century, would be worth a little trouble. But it takes neither prophet, nor ghost, nor eavesdropper to tell what both Whigs and Conservatives would be quite content with, if the metropolis and the great towns would only be accommodating. We should have Schedules A and there is no help for that, but the schedules might be very brief. We should have some very praiseworthy attempts to preserve some of our genteeler sort of small boroughs, like flies in amber, in an envelope of agricultural parishes. We should have some of our very largest constituencies cut into halves, and some of our smallest bracketed ; we should have all sorts of small fancy additions to the constituency, particularly in cases where it could be demonstrated that the addition would make but little difference. We all of us remember the tenacity with which certain pocket boroughs were preserved even through the fiery strife of 1851 and 1852\. Could we doubt that the same paternal instinct will again show itself for their safety P Even supposing, however, Whigs and Conservatives on such very good terms as to agree on a mild measure of this sort, it remains to be seen whether it would pass, or whether it would lay the question for more than a session or two. The statesmen on both sides are aware of this danger, so they are ready to go a good way, as old Homer says, " willingly, though with unwilling mind," from a sense of duty and public as well as party interest, but only half liking the work. Both of these parties have been latterly very shy of stating the principles on which they would reform Parliament. Lord John Russell had a measure some time since, but he has let it drop quietly down the stream of Lethe. It would not do now. Mr. Bouverie and Mr. Labouchere deal gently with the subject. Their suggestions hardly rise to the dignity of a supplement, and they are evidently anxious not to overdo Reform. Yet nothing would be easier than to state the main principles on which Kefonners mean to proceed, whether they go far or not. Indeed, it seems almost inevitable that No. 2 will proceed a safe and convenient stage further in the same direction as No. 1. There should he no constituencies under one numerical limit, at exceeding another. For this purpose very small con- stituencies should either be enlarged, or associated, or abolished, and very large ones divided and subdivided. A great deal may be done in this way without approaching what we believe to be a great delusion equal electoral districts. The franchise should at least he placed within reach of everybody, so that if a man wants it, and thinks it worth a little labor and self-denial, he can acquire it No doubt, it can he extended with safety to a much larger class, both in towns and in counties.. If possible, whatever gives a man position and presupposes education and character, ought to give him a franchise. With regard to some of the new franchises proposed it may be fairly questioned whether they are worth the trouble, or whether they will tell at all at elections. Above all, we have to take into account that all enfranchisement is disfranchisement, and that all direct representation, as far as it goes, destroys the indirect, flap theory of our present anomalous representation is that some very large classes are represented through employers and natural superiors. Such is the case of our pea. sentry, whose interests are supposed to be in the hands of country gentlemen and farmers. Both masters and men would be virtually disfranchised by a change which took in the small shopkeeper and tradesmen, and left out the cottager. Still, something must and will be done here. As for the Ballot and Triennial Parliaments, both are, to say the least,, unnecessary. If any broad rule can he laid down that should at the same time tell us how far we ought to go in Parliamentary Reform, and where we ought to stop short it is contained in the simple idea of a representation. The theory of this country is that we govern ourselves, In fact, there is a vast amount of self-government which goes through no forms except those of society. Here we all of us submit to custom, to etiquette, to the requirements of caste, to all sorts of understand- ings, and every species of unwritten law. We take it that no one thinks it the legitimate object of a Reform Bill to upset all the actual order of things, to jostle the units of society into new relations, or to wipe the whole surface smooth and clean for a new scheme of local and private as well as public arrangements. The proper object of a Reform Bill can only be to re- present more truly than is now done the existing state of his country, not only its numbers, but its property, its usages, its social relations, its education, its actual influences, and whatever goes to make up the country. A populous city is a great power, and ought to be represented ; but there are classes and positions which in this country have the influence of great cities, and they also ought to be repre- sented Twenty thousand householders occupying tenements into which they can just crowd their families, arid depending on their daily toil for their daily bread, are a very important class, and should have some weight in the representation ; but they do not actually constitute the whole of a metropolitan borough, or even the most influential part. No reason can be given, either in justice or in expediency, why these tyonty thousand should be invested with the absolute power of returning the members, to the utter cíause of all the classes above them, and by whom they are employed. On the other hand, a Legislature ought virtually to represent the working class as well as the rest. This is the problem which received a satisfactory solution in the first Reform Bill, and is the safest and n)yit comprehensive rule for the second, Such is the only way of approaching this difficulty if the object is to do the work well and produce an honest measure. It would not be an honest measure that merely afforded a pleasant surprise, and then left things really no better than they are now. It would not be one which, under the cover of some specious reforms, left as many pocket boroughs and as many responsible householders unrepresented as there now are. Nor would the an honest measure that converted the House of Commons into a mere delegate of the least responsible, least interested, least independent, least educated, and inevitably the least political class of the country. The experience of the last 30 years has proved that the old doctrine of our triple Government-Monarchien!, Aristocratical, and Democratical-has a deeper significance than its propounders used to imagine. It is the character not only of the Government but also of the people, and the events which have overthrown other Governments and disturbed the social balance in other nations have only brought out the deep basis of our own institutions. Any attempt to create a purely democratical Government here would only create a gulf between it and the nation, which is not, and never will be purely democratical, or substantially different from what it is now. It will then, we believe, be vain to attempt either such a " perfect" measure as would alone satisfy open-air Reformers, or that something just short of perfection to which Mr. John Bright has brought down his loftier aspirations. It will not do to tear the existing Charter of our Representation into pieces, and throw it into the fire, with nothing to go upon but some untried theory. We must proceed on the basis of the existing Reform Act, which is evidently not such as would have been passed in 1858, if Sir Charles Wetherall, Mr. Croker, and the Duke of Wellington had succeeded in putting off the crisis to this hour. The Act must be brought up to the present time, we here some of the populous constituencies create 1 by it have almost doubled, and when it has been also proved that populous constituencies do not return very dangerous men. As we are not in the secrets of any tender, we can only suppose that Lord Derby sees things very much as we do, and as everybody must do who wishes really to reform the present representation, but not to throw it away and substitute another for it. He knows what the country wants and what alone will carry him through the next session and keen him in power. It has, indeed, been maliciously rumoured that, finding dead. sion impossible, our Ministers contemplate the bolder, but not less insidious, game of an extreme and impracticable measure, such as our Constitutional Whigs cannot in honor and common sense consent to. The measure thrown out, of course there would be a period of confusion, and this confusion might possibly be fatal to the question of reform for a comfortably long term of years. Something else might intervene, and in the meantime Conserva- tives might always point to what they would have done had the Whigs permitted them. This, however, is a perilous game, and even Lord Derby must feel too strongly the responsibilities of his position and the obligations of a promise to bring out a measure simply outbidding Lord John Russell or some other reformers. What- ever the Bill, it is of the first importance to all that it should be one to pass in one session. A succession of Bills, with changes of Ministry, going on from one session to another, must result in a larger and stronger measure than either party would have desired. 