CHINA— ' "DBFBXI op THEBHIT1BH. Tho mail steamer Aden arrived trom Shangai, yester day afternoon, having left that port on 'tho 12th instant. She brings advices oi the defeat of the British forces at the mouth of the Peiho-a catastrophe which reflects more disgrace on H.M. arms than anything which has happened smco her accession.. Mr. Bruce arriyed off the Pelho on the 18th ultimo, where the British force had been concentrated. Some messages were exchanged between tho British Minister's suite and some Mandarins of inferior rank on shore. Tho tenor of these messages was to the effect that the foreign ministers and suites would be received in Pekin if they would proceed by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Pcino, which river it was indicated foreign men-of-war must not enter. Mr. Bruco finally declared that he would force an entrance, and leaving the matter in Admiral Mope's hands, the attempt was made on the 25tii ult; The following extracts will detail tho lamentable re sult: — . . . We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we'urthesp- tatingly record our conviction timt such a series oi com plicated bungles is not to be found in British annals.- Tipperary tactics arejscientifle in comparison to the mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position- that Is to say, the entire sea force was run into the trap which had been made and provided. ' After it had been destroyed or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, the loud forco was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they could not be brought up for some time. When tbey at lost did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud bank, almost in the face of theso victorious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the case — two ditches intervened, and the end of it was that 60 of our brave fellows reached the wall without scaling -ladder, or a dry cartridge. Why, had the whole of the Royal Marines in the servioo been landed under such circumstances, what difference, wo nsk, could there have been in the result ? We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They beheld the flotilla go into tbe trap — they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelm ing, and China like, they became elated and worked hard at the guns there wns nothing to drive them from. Remembering bow the Russian Minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year, bearing in mind the Intrigues he made whilst the Teentsun negotiations were going on — ' not forgetting tire accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on-tlie Amoor just about that time — and erclngj-murmrcTj-timt-tlicrc-le no ItussfRn Ambas sador now dogging the steps of the British Minister, or' indeed near the scene of action— it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimised to Russian machi nations. Moreover, it is known that tbe Russians made one of the stipulations for the territory they filched, the payment by them to the Chinese of seven hundred cannon— as if the Chinese would have made such a de mand unless they had been told to do so ! We do not think there were any Russians in the forts, because our troops were assailed by gingals and arrows, but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stock ades, and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt — Russian guns being of course used. It is a sor rowful affair, and besides the valuable lives lost, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should be reinforced, and another attack made immediately. 