ASPECT OF ¡THE WAR AS IT AFJFECT3 ' GERMANY. . ' ? (From.the Times May \7.) ' . ,, r. \ Tn s substitution or the vigorous and fanatical Rechberg for Count Bud as the Chief Minister'nf Austria coin- cides singularly with the speooh of the Prussian Repenti on closing tin» seosion of the Diet at Burlio. The Regent wh > has benn tor the lust few. weeks beset by , Austria, the minor German States, and his .own people on the one Bide, and by France on the other, has refrained un- til now from th-* uso of any language whioh could bind Prussia to any definite course of action. Mai has oon sisten ly declared that Prussjj would consider.,her duty as a great European Pownr, as. well as a member of the German Federation. Tho Fr^noh ' Govornmeot has trusted muon to the proverbial slowness nnd irresolu- tion of Germans ;.'nnd even now the notion: at Paris is that the Seutonio enthusiasm will waste itself in news- paper ortioles and indifToront poetry, and that Austria will be left to'fight her o vn battles. Whatever bethe result, it 'would appear, 'however, that' the Prussian Regent ' ; thinks tho ,. time ' . ooma for firm language. . and. a Warlike .ntti'ude. r- ' iTho wliol';, Prussiau, army has been put on a war footing, tho Federal fortresses nra being rapidly garrisoned, and every. State iii Germany bas its war budget, that of Prussia having been voted unanimously l>y the Legisla- ture n few days pine*. ' ¡Bavaria and -Wurtemberg aro hardly, to be restrained from raarohing their . troops southward nt once, and Hanover last weok bad. the ïudaoity 'to; propose an, army of observation oh'thB Rhino.' It is at this momentous crisis that, the Regent closes tho .Berlin Chambers, with an address which, though oouohed. in general terms, nnd possibly not intended to'bo followed by any offensive movement, is sufficiently remarkable. We may quota it onoe more. " Prussia," says'th« Regent, " ia determided tb maintain tho basis of Europnon public, right.and tho bjlanoo of powor in Europe. It is Prussia's right and duty to stand up for, tho..Boonrity, the protootion, and the national intorentsof Germany, nnd sh o will not resign the asser- tion of thoso hör p'rogativas. Prussia oxpeots that a 1 the German Confedéralo Powers will stand firmly by ber sida in tho fulfilment of that minston,,, nnd trusts ,tbnt her .readiness j to defend the common Fatherland will merit their o'oiiflilon'oo." . ' , 1 ': '" : ; ;We nil'know what suah words would moan in the speech from tho Throne of nn English Sovereign. What they signify in the Gounoils pf. German Royalty remains tb bo seen. But they ;giye evidence of what we' hove been long urging --tba grave character 'of-tho' prosont complications, nnd the'possibility that they ;may < throw the whola of'Europe into a flarao.- Tho, Qermnnsj have not forgotten the,lessons nf .the past, ' They aré riot to be deoolvod by protestations from oitbor'EaBt or Wost; Mingling'more thnri'we 'do1 wltV'botb," FronohT and RusBinnB, and'bolonging .to that Continental: fraternity from - willoh , wo-, keep or oro.kept apart,, they divine the truth of -tho situation by a sort of instinct. They know' wlist tho Fronob ormy'rind tho Frenoh populace desire; nnd they know-that n Bonaparte on tho throne will not fall to gratify the feeling, if ho can. :Extension'of terri- tory pri'the north-east frontier by ¿the absorption of; tho ? Rhino,, Provínoos, . Belgium, end . perhaps Holland; might as well bo tho' work of o 'Fro'noh Aririy', of tho Rhine ase tho' reduction of tho1 Italian', Peninsula to n dependence on Franco in the work of- sn Army of Italy,1 'They bolicvo that, soóuer or later," the 'struggle! must) oorae,1 if tho Ercnoh' bo allowed to, ostablish n milithrvj 'afl'obndbney'iri'Flurbp'o;! 1'Tb'on1 tho cost- of this > armed, ppiioe is oxhausting, thn/nosoentiresouroes i pf Germany*, Wo oursolves may woll lookiwith (qonBternationj at the 'flnaupial.proapeot'.bérb'rd. a8..,jif.{ràph*bo, the condition' bf our BCauró and óiiBllV defended island, what' must'bo tho prospect lo Gerniriny,.'-whibh'-rnayi'be made' nt any roomeDt tho theatre off) warr and 'see'itbo [fruits of forty years swept awoftinjO'Oirainaign ? ¡ Thea« aro the oon ?iderition« which bave roused Iba moat-peaeefai-peopTer of Europe into a frenzy, and wa-must own tba agitation' ii not unnatural. ' Yet it cannot but be felt that tbere'ii something vague in the speech of the Prussian Regent, and thit tba world cannot yet understand whether tho independence of Central Europe is td be vindicated by the successor of the Groat Frederick. Prussia in tho opinion of calm ob- servers, " doth protest too ranch." To read the para- graphs we -have quote'", and the orations ir* the Berlin Chambers, one would think that the whole foroo of Ger- many was at once tobe launohed against the- Frenoh disturbers nf the peace. But in all the enthusiasm of Germany there is an evident anxiety for foreign assis- tance and.a want of confidence in native strength, which leads! us to doubt the immodiato result of the Berlin demonstrations. Now, if Germany does not think her. sell strong enough or bold enough to intorfere in this! quirrel without counting on further assistance, she chid-_better, remain tranquil, and allow the war to bo fought out by the two Powers actually engaged. Wa do not feel called upon to giw advice either,to the Federa- tion W to any constituent state. They are competen to judge.for lherns«lves, and the thirty millions wbo inhabit non- Austrian. Germany may be safely left to decid« whether a war in Italy and on the Adriatic coast, with the prospect of future complications, on tho Rhine, are ma'ters which demand »heir :Rp03dy. interference. -Ffr, bo lt from us to persuade them to a oonfliot which must be.musfstubborn and exnausjiog.- Unless'they aro pro pired-for a display of energy' or activity, beyond their usu il' temper,-thoy may as well give up the thought of interference. They must ba ready, without any'promise of help from any quarter to make an offensive movement on the Rhine against the whole strengtbof the Frenchpeople arid with the chance nf a Russinn attack in tin rear. That they are strong enough for Buch a'oimpa'gn is po», sible ; but still it is a; very different mattor from a dis play of dijjlomatio partisanship or nalional sympathy. It must be evident that Germany .oin never enter into this -quarrel- unless she is- reedy to-measure swords with, France on some .other field than Italy. It cannot bs doubted that a declaration of war by the Confederation, or even the activo Rupport of Austria by a portion of tbo' States, will generalise the war most effestanlly. Success would then ba. only possible by tho boldest movements: on the north-east frontiers of France. Unless Germany is ready to place an immense army on tho Rhine, unies* Prussia is resolute to bear her; part in,this'expense, the; French must necessarily bo left to themselves. We, as neutral spectators, oan see that the tone of the German; rulers and representatives'can only be justified hythe most completo,, preparations and, the mo<t determined oounsels. To speak as thoy liavo spoken presumes a' flied intention to stop tho progress of Frenoh. arms. Io; this proceeding they roust look to nobelp from us.'There are, no doubt, certain eventualities which - may, bring, England info the war, but none of them has as yet 'arrived. . We see in Italy only tw.rnot unfairly matohe-1 armies, - and apprehend, no immediate' d.inger to tho balance of power, though it may ba that French military; ambition is preparing great evils' for Europe. ' If 'the! Germans, are wise,: they will af least calmly wait to «oe' whicb array lights best In the Italian War, and whether tbej Empire they'propose to help is able in time of need foj show .itself worthy of suah 'assistance. 'Should 'they, however, prefer the risk of war,, they are .surely strong^ enough'to oheck the French Emperor without conjuring' up the ".Ghost of Chatham," arid olamouriiig for the help of England. ,,it .v, ¡ - j 