EXTRACTS FKOM THE TINES' SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. Calcutta. March 15. I pnrpnte tn devote a few weeks tn the examina tion of this province of Bengal Proper. Ii the English people are abant to govern India they might *-i know what sort of a country it is to (oak »t. ^rhnt the natives eat and drink, what they like «nd and in their own fields, what fatten* them and what starves them, what rouses them to fnry and what ?ends iheio away tranquil to sleep linder the leaves of their but or the shade of the Zemindar's banyan 'tree. : We are »ot so well jnfnrmei' as we fancy we are upon these matters. Calcutta has unt yet ceased to laugh at three funny blnnders almost fresh from England. A great parliamentary leader, in a speech which not long ago reached this country, made it matter nf solemn complaint that an order had been issued to prevent tbe prisoners iu Indian gaols from using the lotus flower in their religious ceremonies. A noble lord in the Upper H-m«e declaimed against calling the mntinKrrcnralrr by the npprobions name of -so nil rs.' seeing that apigiBnfH.il name* the -mnst irriuting that can be snggrsted to a if atio tnedan. There came out also to Calcutta a playbill, containing a programme of a scenic performance of the mutinies, wherein Mongol Pandy, a rebel chief, was advertised as About to defend 'a romantic mountain puss near Bamtckpore.' Now. the gods of Astley's ought to know that they might as well be promised » romantic monntain pass in Pudding ton as at iiarrackporc. for it so happens that there is not witltin 120 mites of that station a hill ns arduous as Southampton Street in the Strand. Tlie noble lord might have itifnrmed himself that sowar dies not mean ' pig.** but iniiiply means horseman, —at any rote some one nf bis Bodien w might have known that fact- Bnt the House of Commons' com plaint 'waR a puzzle. Rome of the denizens of Cai cntta had beard that tlie Intns flower was sacred to Buddha, but no one had evei seen it -used in tbe rites of the Itrahmins. At last it occurred to some one that certain prisoners Itad nearly murdered thctr gaolers by beating them with the brass pots in triiicu tbe Hindoos tarry water, nnd that an order bad 'been ifisnrd tn substitute for tbvse ** lotas' some leas nftaisive ntensil. Iu the poetical mind nf tbe fiogliali lawgiver the braicen pot bad changed intn the oeantiful lotus flower, mid after its transfnnna Jtitm liad reuounord tlie -errors of Buddhism and embraced' those of Bianminism. Jt if ouly very ?cry great poets who are careful uB to their imagery; lut enrely there ought to have been some matterof sct mau in the House of Commons to prevent tbe jrncttcal inconvenience of au order, from England hat gaolers' brains should continue to be beaten out if poetical lotus flowers. It is not long ago that * public orator excited1 tlie torror and indignation of a British andience |-y rinding up his description of a conflict thus : — 'And tbca, ladies and gentlemen, when the fight ras over, what happened? Why. tbe ferocious loolies rushed down from the hills and seized upon he wonnd--.d and dying.' The *' ferocious' doolies ire ambnUnce chairs in which the wounded arc anted off* the field, I helive the people of Kngland are honestlv and liiicerely desirous of doing for the population of tndia the very best that can be done by a couquer og people for a subject race ; but they are benjl l-jcd by the multitude of theories and helpless in Jieir ignorance of facts. After arduous labours upon Ted pamphlets and blue pamphlets, 'Sepoy Revolts.' and Parliamentary papers. I am myself without any formed opinion 'whether the natives of India are the most oppressed or the best governed if hnman beings. As I wished to see n little under the surface of hings, I asked the Commissioner of Police to allow me. to accompauy lam in his night rounds. The recesses of the native town are seldom penetrated by Europeans, and at night never except by the police. 1 expected tlint we elinrid start with an armed party — much as we patrolled Clinton — and was sur iirised to.find that the only preparation Mr. Wan ihope Jiod made was tn have tbe lamps of Ms buggy iit. It was eleven o'clock when we set ont upon lur inspection. Mr. Wnochope has the powers of »«Hce magistrate, commissioner of police, sanitary wmuiitsipucr, and home secretary, and js respon tiUoj ftbemfonv for tbi |-eace ud Jiealth toTthe mty. He was formerly a commissioner for the suppression if rural robbers, and some of the chiefs of the bands -f dacoits are now his most efficient police agents. We rattled rapidly throng): the wide roads that give iccess to the palaces of the Europeans— silent and iecorous martier, where nothing was to be 6ecn but :he patrolling cbowkeder and an occasional carriage returning from a dinner party. We reached tho iebnfeabie iand which lies between the European M»d tbe native city. Tbe streets are still wide, and uany of the houses nre large, but tlie lino is brok*a iy frequent intervals of native lints. A thick thatch, a few upright bamboo poles, and coarss raatting for walls foim tlieBe improvised habitations, i hundred of which are frequently burned down hy a single accident, and arise again in a few days. There were few natives visible iu this qnartcr. but sounds of revelry came fast and furious through the interstices of more than one bamboo stockaoe. The British sailor was celebrating in loud song the pangs he endured in separating from 'My Manr Annu ;' bnt, unless my eyes wero deceived by the tobacco smoke, tbe British sailor had found couboIb tion in the presence of the dusky hmiris of the East. As we dashed by these. ' sailors' lodging-houses,** with their duly placarded tariff of ' Six annas per meal,' and as our lights becninc visible to ths European- built houses beyond, gentle hissing sonuds descended upon the niglit air. They were notes of invitation frost invisible beings, bnt tlu-v subsided into perfect silence as soon an the well-known grey horse of tbe redoubtable commissioner catr.e near enough for recognition. In this cnarter there w*ro several stoppages. The native police in their white dresses and with their constables staves' were, with one single exception, all on tho alert, and never more than a hundred yards apart. Bnt it was the European inspectors with whom we held converse. Questions were asked and replies giren *s to tho doings in every house nf entertainment in the neigh bourhood, and there was one Irishman named Boyle whn appeared tn know all rite thoughts and words and deeds of all the low life in Calcutta. We drew op in front of a police- station, and tbe command was given to turn out tbe guard. It was five, minutes before, the lust g.-.ping lingerer appeared, fnlly dressed and batoned, «nd joined the line of forty-two cbowkcdBTE paraded in ft oat of tbe house. Ilia commissioner scolded their want of smartncM. and the summons was repeated at several other stations, but with «bout tbe same result. The theory is that they should be in line fit for duty within three minutes of die alerte being given. ? There aw 1600 of these men. They receive verr good .-wages, «od_ are generally of high caste. No caste; however, is recognised when on diitv. Tho best Brahmin mnst do that mnst deadly of ail caste sius— remove a dead body if he finds it npon his beat He must cither do it or leave the foreo — and be docs it. Having fully inspected the machinery for keeping order in this critical part of the city, we emerged into the native town, a labyrinth as tortuous and as narrow as. the streets of 'Canton. Sometimes we went through long dark ianes of lints, some closed, some open and a Hindoo squatted in the doorway. Another lane was lit up ami thronged ; the. stalls on either side were spread with native delicacies, and the Hindoos were gathered together in little knots. We had disturbed them at (heir gambling. Calcutta is in this respect quite unlike Canton, where gam blrng-bonths in multitudes are open all day long. Here gaming is ?severely punished. Then we drove along a crooked street, so narrow that the wheels of the 'ingfij- nearly touched the kerb nf -tbe stono gnllies on either side. I shonld lmve guessed tbis to be Jlte original city as bnilt by Europeans, bnt abandoned to the natives when fas'liion changed her abode. I am told, however, that the natives build large square hooscg as well as Knglislnncn, bnt are not particular anont repairing them- It was a nie^t cuMhmat-lo ki g place. We had peuctrxted a long way deep into tbe en trails of this native city when my companion eecmed to recognise some object nf which he bad been in quest. It was a tiro-storied hnnse dominating sli its neighbours, sod extending far away backwards, covering much ground. He lit adark bntero. gnve his horse tn a choivkeditr whom he had hailed a few minutes before, and motioned me to follow. There was a hole about two feet square in ths closed door of this hnnse. or rather tbis great shell of brickwork — a hole concealed by a rag which hung over it. Through tluB hole we crept, and found our selves in a room with * suffocating vapour. A man and a boy were asleep on a trestle, so fast asleep that, Although we flashed the lantern over their faces, they did Tint awake. Through this roam «ro passed into a ruinous yard — weeds and brickwork nnd broken masonry. Onr dark lantern showed ns a staircase, and ire ascended to a gallery which na round the rard. bnt had no protecting rail to pre vent nnr falling down intn it. As we groped along this dangerous platform I ventured to ask what this place was and what object we had iu coming there. Tbe answer was that it was suspected a murderer *rai concealed in the immediate Deighbooriiood. and the purpose of that night's espsdition was to get some idea of Iiis whereabouts. AH nlnng this gal lery were doors leading intn rooms which we could these and knocked. There was an answer, and after some womankind had been sent into an inner room we were admitted. Such a shaggy, clotted, fierce looking wild man as the lord of tbis habitation does not appear in any of Dr. Diamonds photographs of furiniut madmen. What was said I do not know, hut ho prostrated bims'.-lf like a rebuked evil spirit before tbe command of my companion, and, setting ont *s onr guide, led tte through rooms and alleys and yards, and over drains and ditches and broken walls, nntil I wa* fairly bewildered. Arrived at our destination, our guide knocked np another honest man. about as prepossessing as himself. I nccdi-d nn ghost to tell me tbnt we two Englishmen, without any nther weapon than tbe little rattan stick: witlt wliich I picked my way, and without any assistance within hope nf call, were snrmunded by half a dozen nf the mnst desperate ruffians in Calcutta. 'Set tbe Englishman commaoded and the Hindoo cringed. They were told that this man met be givsn up. or ? . What the altemstive was did ont transpire, hut it was terrible vnnngli tn make them undertake tn lure tbe man bade from the Mofntsil and deliver liim up tn jrietiee. Tlie wretch was guilty of a. cowardly series of mnrdcrs upon native women, whom be killed with a short iron bar and despoiled of their stiver anklet* and armleis. Evra fhesa ruffians seemed ashamed of him. and they will pro bably keep their engagement, but I mention this aneoioie n»lj to *boxr that the English prestige is not lost anu powerless iutlieihieveV Sens nf Calcutta, As we returned through the narrow alleys of tlie native town, and emerged from them intn the brnad ?ways of European Calcutta, all was Rilent. Here and there ft Hindoo wa« squatting at the entrance of his but, driven, perhaps, from the interior l-y the mosquitoes and tbe heat. Bnt the sailors had Ceased to fiiuff. and die aerial hissings had ceased tosonnd. the gamblers iu-a put ont their lights, and the great city Fccmed to sleep without a dream. Irenes. Mcutgs Btx: Friotwf and «iU(fan«a~'br ISwnnro J«rs Bi»« an* Aawjat O^ton, propneton., at U* 