TEE RING IN OLD ENGLAND. JJ1MI IIIlE'1'EJiB. FOU *.««??? ' (From Sell's Life in London. Sentemlmr in ^ Tuesday last witnessed lho settlement of tho inueh vexert question ns to tho chanco tho UirniinRham net would sustain of putting a stop, fora thno.nt least, to llio victosioun career of tho Champion of England,-and although tho termination ol tho match was not such as to convince the llruminagem party of tho inferiority of their man, still wo think tho engagement, short n3 it, was, will be considered by every impartial spectator to havo been conclusive as to tho rolativo merits of the combatohtj. ? ? ? . ? ? . ? .. i Xbo match bomg now doeldoil, Vvo hare no hesitation n saying that ovor slnco artjcles were 'signed wehavo looked .upon It with anything but; a favourable eye feel ing.thntTdniSayers,- holding as he does the- proud title of Champion of England, had no right to enter ?SSl?**niffino!wi!!i't.y'tIiSi™i5 90 much ?mal'or tllnn llim ? to coroo off vlctorloiw, could not my claim to'tho?Puu™f 'Champion, without casting ridicule upon tho fortunes of the Kin?. 'J'nie, tliero was an understanaing that if Urcttlo'did win ho was not to lay claim to'tho belt as Savers fought him at odds of £-100 lo £200 ; but'the bolt, being only a badgo of office could, not involve tho right to the titlo of Champion, nnd although Tom would .still have held his bolt; ho, as. a defeated man, could hardly have prctended.stlll to call himsolf Champion. The only: course we considered open lo him woa to have resigned tho belt into tho hands of tlio donors, and to have recommenced his career by endeavouring to reverse the verdict which might havo been oblamcd by Brettlo'B supposed victory. 'It may be said that theso remarks are purely speculative, . and It is idle now to cogitate upon what might or might, not have happenod had things turned out differently, but believing as we do .that Tom Savers is too fond of his profession and. too confident in his powers to decline the friendly overtures of any opponent, 'we. deem it but right to place matters .in their, true light in prder that some understanding mav bo come.to on the subject, of tlio championship sliould Bob Brettle be sufficiently adventurous to move for.n norr trial, or should another candidate of similar calibre lay claim to tho much coveted belt. ' t - It .Till doubtless be romembercd that (here was a good deal of sparring and beating s'lout'tlio bush before the match was made, and that tho idea of Brottla lighting Sayers at all was pretty, generally scouted. ; Bob, how ever, had his own reasons for believing he had a chance. Ite had tried conclusions with tho Champion with the gloves, and believed In his henrt he had rather tha best of.it, arid in. tli is, perhaps, ho' was not far wrong, for it la; pretty gonernlty known that Tom is much more 'at homo with his digits in nature's habiliments, nnd in a four-nnd-twenty feet ring, than when they are muflled up in horsehair in tho sparring school. 'Tlio backers of Tom at first laughed at Bob's proposition?, but ho de clared ho was In earnest, and went so far as to say they would wish they had let him alono before they bad done with him. After much chaff, Sayers offered to stake £100 to £200, hut Brettle then required the belt to bo thrown in. This, of course, was rejected; Tom consider ing that as holder of that t ophy he was only bound; to defend it on even terms! Brume was extremely loth to give up the chance for the belt, but still ho did not think it equivalent to the extra £200 which Sayers hid offeroil:to stake, and' eventually he waived nil preten sions to the 'ornamental,' and closed tho bargain ion tho chance of obtaining the ' useful,' which would have sufficed to purchase, a licit of doublo tho value.' At tho meeting at Owen Swift's, whore tho articles were finally ratified, a frloiulol.: the Champion's treated the match with' such rldlcnlo that ho ventured to suggest tho pro bability of Bob being licked in ten minutes, whereupon Brettle, in tho heat of tho moment, offered to bet £100 to £10 against such a contingency. 'Make it £200 to £20,' said Tom's friend, ' nnd It's n bet.' ' Done,' said llob, and the money was. staked in tho hands of Alec Keeno. All these preliminaries wero adjusted before the second fight for tho Championship In April, last, between Tom Sayers and Bill Benjamin, it being stipulated that: Tom sliould unme a day after that event was decided. Ever since that engagement the present match has been ' the talk of the town' in nil sporting circles, arid it has occupied moro of the attention of the turfites than' any pugilistic event for many years past ;' this doubtless arose from the. fact that both men aro great favourites in racingclrcles, and each was hacked for a considerable portion of bis stakes by leading speculators in the '.'ring' (not twenty- four fcfit square). . ' . ~' ? Tom Sayera, after tho . usual amount of ' starring' in tho provinces, wisely betook liitnBelf early to training quarters, doubtless bearing in mind the danger to which he had exposed himself in. his last match . with Benja min, -owing to his neglect of this precaution. Through out bis training ho was accompanied by little Jooy Jenns, the pedestrian, to whose unwearied attention ho was in debted for coming to tho post in better condition than we have seen him since his fight with Georgo Sim«. That he had paid duo attention to tho lessons of his mentor may be gathered from tho fact that on the morn ing of fighting he did not oxcecd lOst 91b. . During the last week or ton days of his training he was accom panied by Harry Brunton, but this was moro for the sake of companionship than anything else, as Harry's Krofcssional nvocatioria as a ''gin spinner' could hardly ava fitted llim for taking gallops on the downs of New market— at any rate, at a speed which could have '.' ex tended' the Champion, or even have compelled him to break out of a walk. ' ? : ? , Bob Brctlle, who is more of a ' stay at homo' than Sayers, and, moreover, is not so much in the habit of pass-ng bis evcnlags in the fashionablo circles, is always nearer tho mark for pugilistic encounters than other, men, and he did not deem It necessary to go' so soon into hard work. About five weeks ago, however, ho betook himself to his old training quarters near Ash bourne, Derbyshire, where, with his. usual care and steadiness, he brought himself as fine as a star, being assisted tho better part of tho time by hU old opponent, Bob Travors. His weight on arriving in London was lOst 41b, so that in that point there was not a very material difference between the men. On arriving in London Bob took up bis quarters at Alec Kecne's, Three Tuns, Moor street, where ho held numerous levees in the conrso of Monday. In the ovening, there being no great public benefit whero ho could show, ho made tho grand tour of some of tho sporting houses, visiting leorge Brown, Nat Langham.oK, otc. At theso variouB establishments he was of courao the observed of all oh servers, the anxiety to got a glimpso of him being even greater than tlio attraction presented by tho Champion Imsolf. Bob was accompanied by several of his Bir mingham friendB, and also by his backer, who msdo several heavy investments, and who would havo gone on to the tune of several hundreds at 3 to 1, but this price was too 'stiff' for the backers of Sayers, who would not lay moro than 5 to 2, at which figure they would havo transacted business to any amount. ? ; Tom Sayers, when he reached. town, proceeded to Harry Brunton's, Georgo and Dragon, Uoecu-street, Barbican, which ho made his head-quarters, but in tho cour'so of the day ho held a drawing-room at Owen Swift's, Hone Shoe, Tlchborno street, and also received a deputation from the Eastern Israelites. at Mr. Lip man's, in Middlesex strcot, Whitechapcl. : At Tattersall's on Monday, the ovent seemed to at tract as much attention as the speculations on either of the feront handicaps, and In the yard a regular ring was formed, whore betting or offers torbet went on very briskly. T ho backors of Tom commenced by offering 5 to 2, at which somofow Investments wero made, but tho Boims soon opened their mouths for longer odds, and would take no less than 8 to I, and at this price again money was bid until tha Saycrsites in their turn held back, and speculation left off at offers of IS to 2. In the ovonlng at the sporting-houses 8 to I might have been got In somo fow instances, and we did hear of a sanguine admirer of Tom's who actually laid 4 to 1, but we bolleve ho was a solitary specimen. It is now time to turn our attention to the Incidents of th» fight itaelf, «dT«j« rf0DRSBY TO THE MILL For at least a month Mr, Gideon, ono of tho backers of Savers, ha) been on tho look-out for a sceno of action which might bo reached with caso and comfort, and which at the same time should bo so tltuatcd as to bo beyond the roach of the rough and ready attendants at boxing raatchos, whose presenco is anything but desi rablo, aud also tolorably Bafc from tho to- prying eyos of tho powers that bo, who do not love a mill, having neglectod that portion of their legal education to bo gathered from tho pages of 'Ilabet,' will in tho most unaccountable manner Interfere with the pleasures of the Fancy on tho ground that a friendly boxing match is a breach ol the pca'O. A fow consultations with other managers of excursions, and a considerable ex penditure of time and trouble, ended in tho porfect suc cess of Mr. Gideon's arrangements, and not only did ho carry tho expedition to a triumphant denouement, but ho ensured tho utmost comfort to all the travellers. Of courso tho profits of the expedition were equally di vided between tho backcrj of both men, nnd the figure being tolerably high, and the company unusually nume rous, there is no doubt that each must have realised a handsome sum. Owing lo tho distonco to be travelled, a very tarly Btart was found absolutely necessary, and seven o'clock being the hour mimed, tho ' lads wot lores a mill' had to be early afoot i and many there were who hiving, us usual, devoted the fi st two or liree hours of tho mornjng tp ' seeing life,' found o me difllculty in opening their goggles in their very first sleep to enable thein to get to the starling-post in time. .Many a one, wo suspect, started breakfastlcss, and many was tho wistful.- jrliinue cast at tho victualling department under the able chargo of Mr. Dan Pink-! atono, an old and well known caterer, long before tho end of the journey was attained, but as the train could not bo stopped there was of course no chance of an issuo of Btorcs from tho coinraissariat until tho goal won reached. On our arrival at tho starting point wo /ound such a crowd of eager spectators as we never recollect on any previous occasion, especially at such «n parly hour, nnd on gaining the platform our astonishment was increased and our pleasure heightened at tho extraordinary number of tho Upper Ten Thousand who' wero about to grace tho tourney with their presence. The sight would hnvo gladdened tho eyos of many an old ring-goor who now bus ceased to imquent tho busy circle, and who would havo been . almost inclined to admit, that llio palmy days of the ring were still in the ascendant, and that iho cry of its fallen or failing fortunes wa3. all a ' baiff.V We aro glad to hail many a hew phiz among tho Corinthian travellers, and this infusion or new blood may yet, if nil goes well, tend to iho'encouragemont ol a belter state of things than has. for some tlm'o ox. iste I. As we have said over and over, again, much do-' pends on the men themselves, and if all will only stick together 'and picseryo 'order as 'wo'l ns'thev- did oil Tuo-dny^ they may rost assured that brighter 'days aro yet in store for 'tliem;'and:thattlierowlll bo no lack of that pntronago tho want of which Is 60 much bewailed, and that,- too, frequently by those who deserve it. ?: i So great was the - crush at tlie London terminus, that it was long past the hour named fur starting be-bro nil had ?succeeded in elbowing th-iir'.way through the' crowd of outsiders who wedgod themselves round the entrance, trusting to tho. chapter of .accidents to.enahlo theiu to bolt through ,n crevice, and obtain a free passage tn the scone of, action. '; Tho excitement on tho arrival of tho men' was of. couree intense, arid1 on, their entering tho station.it required the utmost exertion on tho part of tho officials, who, it miisr. be admitted, behaved ndmir- . ably tokecp out the great unwashed. .When nil had ♦nkon their semo, !„.._£ ? J-.I......I,. -,„!„ Mnr ? ;i 30 carriages, every; oiio of which lud at least Ita full complement of travellers! and many were overfull, y Tlio start was effected by .a 'quarter beforu eight,- ' jjnd with the aid of two powerful engines a rapid nnd.j;plea«ant journey was effected to tho scene of: action, !on entirely maiden ground, somo 00 miles from the metropolis, which was reached sluirtly after 10 o'clock.. Tho vast multitudo lost no tlmoin clearing out Irom the carriages, and a, pioneer, who bad gone on ahead. tho previous evonlng, placing himself at tlio head of the army, pro ceeded, closely followed by the veteran commissary and hlsposjc comilalua, to tho proposed sccno of action. No timciwns cut to .waste in preparing lho lists which were in readiness bpforb oleven o'clock.- While thcaoprelimi-. narlcs were being arranged, n brisk business was carried, on in tho'salo of inner ring tickets, and our renders may judge of the class of spectators and thoir number when We tell them that the sale- realized a sum of £54 10s., being the highest by £6 ever : received since tho esta blishment of the PugilisticBenevolcnt Association. This' done, ? Billy : Duncan and bis constables, proceeded to clear out, the ring, and experienced the' usual difficulty: in porauading, the company to seat them selves at a sufficient distance from the enclosure. All were naturally anxious to be as close as possible, and accordingly ! had seated i themselves in compact rows, those in front close to the ropes. The consequence was, that all wero crowded together, and many were scarcely able to get a glimpso of tho ring. By great exertion they were persuaded to move further back, ' and so en large tho circles and make a little moro room ; but had. they taken a little moro thought and placed thonnelroj somo six feet farther back at first; all difficulty would have vanished, all would have had a good yiew,'tho ring keepers could havo performed their duties 'with satisfac tion and easo to themselves, and thoro would have been: no cause for tho fow comp'.aints which we heard, and which certainly did not ariso from any want of efficiency, on the part of tho constables, but entirely from the thoughtlessness of somo of tho too- eagerspectators. Wo trust theso remarks will be taken in good part, and that they will be bornoln mind on future- occasions, to tlio enhancement of thecomfort of everybody. Of the ring \- keepers generally we may say they did their duty almost to a man with firmness and -resolution, the only excep tions being Jack Hicks and Jerry Noon. Thoso chiefly' deserving of praise were Duncan, Collins, Bendoff, Mad den, Donnelly, Dan.Thomas, Andrews, and Crockett As soon ns all were seated a cap was seen to fly over the heads of tho dense mass; in a second Dob Brottie, aided by hto seconds, 'Alec Kceno and Jem Hodgkiss of: Bir mingham; whs scen.elbowir.g'hia way through the crowd. : He was vociferously cheered on nil hands, and his gdodr humoured mug brightened up. with abroad grin, of de light at the hearty welcome. Tom Sayers was not long behind him, and as ho entered on the scene, attended by Jack Macdonald and Harry Brunton, he, too, was . greeted with a tremendous ovation; which ho acknow ledged in a becoming mannor, and then shook hands good humourcdly with his opponent. The spectators now began to make thole final investments, nnd sever al bets of 8 to I wero made and staked, to considerable amounts. Tho last, however, that we heard was L25 to L10 on Sayers. After the. lads had completed their toilettes Brettle camo forward and offered to take L150 to L50 from Tom, but the Champion declined as his money was all on j Bob then held up the note and offered to take the same odds from any spectator, but silence was the only reply, nnd he had to return the flimsy to his ' cly.' We had almost forgotten to state that Tom's colour was very handsome blue and white stripe, with blue border, and Bob's a (lurk blue, with a white star. We may here remirk that- '-Bob's boots having been examined by Tom's seconds, it was found that the spikes were beyond the regulation length, and had to be tltod, but this was bo Inefficiently' done that they were far too sharp and lone for the purpose lor which they wero in tended. Had Tom's seconds done their duty resolutely they would have shown them to tho referee, who douht less would havo ordered n still further curtailment, but .we have since, learned that : Tom personally requested them to make no bother about it, as he could givo all that in. Having thus brought onr account down to the moment before the men wore delivered at the scratch, wo mast lay boforo our readers a short, account of their previous doings, but as the histories of ' both have ap peared certainly once during the past year there Is no occasion for our apologising for their* being unusually, brief. ....... : Tom Savers was born in 182G at Plmlico, Brighton, and tho first years of his life he passed as a bricklayer. He was unknown in the London Ring until lBjO. although we believe in his early youth he had often dis tinguished himself by casual turn-ups In his native town. His first essay in London was with one Crouch, whom4ie defeated, for L5 a sldo, in- 12 mln. and 24 sec. at Greenhithe, on the 10th March,' 1849. Next he fought Dan Collins, then a proUyt of Tom Spring's. Tho match was ior L25 a side, and they fought nine rounds in 27 mln, at Edcnbridge, on tha 22nd of Oc tober, 1850. Tho beaks, however, pounced upon' them at this stago of the battle, and they - had to cut to Red Hill, whero thirty-nine rounds were fought in one Imir and 52 minutes, when darkness came' on and the fight was adjourned. Both men wore a good deal punished, and thero appeared no perceptible advantage on either side. They did not meet 'again until 29th April, 1851, when for the stako they fought at Long Reach, when our hero at once took a decided lead,- his improvement being visible to every one, and at tho end of 81 minutes and 41 rounds, poor Dan had to cry a go. Tom was now idle for upwards of * twelvemonth, there being, in fact, no outsider any whero near his. weight who fancied such a customer. At length hU friends thought they might venture to back him against Jack Grant, who, at that time, was thought very highly of as a determined glutton and a very- -powerful man The mutch wrs for LlOOaslde, and came off at Mildenhall,. 29th June, 1852\. Tom at first seemed nervous at his novel situa tion, and was very cautious in bis approaches to his for midable antagonist— evidently not- liking to peril the money of his bickers. The battle was not remarkable for science, but was, nevertheless gamely . contested. Ultimately Tom got homo very heavily on Jack's body, and having 'thrown 1'ini several tlinns with effect, .poor Jack, who complained of Intornnl injury, had to suc cumb in G4 rounds, occupying three hours luss ten minutes. Jack Martin, a determined, gamo fellow, who had distinguished himsolf in ono or two mills in the provinces, was hla.noxt op ponent, but it was Eoon seen that in picking out ;Tom Sayers ho had reckoned without his host,' for, notwith standing his desporato rushes, Tom, from the very first, planted upon him with such sevority that in 23. rounds and 65 minutes ho vr&skori; tie combat, his punishment being of a terrible nature— while Tom had not a scratch. This fight took placo at Long Reach, January 20, 185S, and was followed by his first and only defeat, by Nat Langham, on tho 18th of October, in tho same year. Nat was then stale, and anything but fit for a long en counter ; but tho great superiority in his science en abled him to got on to his moro powerful opponent with tolling effect. Tom did all man could do to turn the scale, and paid heavy visits to old Nat's ribs, but al though theso thuds told in weakening him, still thoy did not prevent his dangerous left from continually dropping on to Tom's mug and poopers, and at last at tho end of tho 07th round, Tom being complottly blind, bis friends surrendered on his behalf, the fight having lasted two hours and two minutes. Tom often wished for another shy, but Nat's health was for somo time so Krccaious as to render this a dangerous experiment on Is behalf, and he politely declined the offers of his Suondam opponent. Tom's noxt essay was with George inis, on tho 28th of February, 1854, and in this match, as in tho ono under notice, ho staked tho odds of 2 to 1, tho battlo monoy boing LM to L25. The oaso with which ho won, and tho extraordinary liberties be took with his opponent, whom ho knocked out of time in tho fourlh round, at tho ond of fivo minutes, completely justified his confidence in laying the odds. Tom was now without an opponent, until the 29th of January, 185G, when ho met Harry I'ouU'.u, of Nottingham, at Applcdoro, The fight, it will be remembered, was des perately contested. Tom, who was on this occasion out of form, was for the firit and only time compelled to resort to tho gotting-down system, which in our opinion wa« tho only thing on that day to pull him through. That enck tactics wero tho rcsul.J pr any want of cou rage cannot be as3erto-^ jor a mOinent, and tho best proof of this is, that on no other occasion h»» the Champion felt himself justified in having recourse te it. On tho'. Gth of January, 1857, Tom first met Aaron Jones, for LIDO a side, on tho banks of tho Mod way: The battlo caused a great ieaUobinr. tercst, from tho fact thatTomwas giving awava stone or moro in woight, and four inches in height, and many were the doubts i.a to the policy of his making such nii engagement. Tho bnttle wasr disputed inch by inch, and each received a heavy amount of punishment. Tom suffered much from tho cold, which wns intense, and this not a little cramped his energies; but norertheless in tho last few rounds ho began to tako a clear lead, and had tho daylight lasted wo think ho would havo won on tlial day, but ns it was at length to dark that tho men were invisible to -the referee, tho battle wai post poned, and Jones, who had seriously injured his hand, was allowed six weeks to recover. They mot again on the 10th of Februnry, a bet of £100 a side boing added to the stakes, and Sayers on this occasion took a decided lend. Jones disputed tha ground bravely, but after fighting 85 rounds in two hours, ho was floored by such a terriblo hit on tlio loft ogle as to render him incapable of renewing the conflict. , It was after this success that Tom turned bis attention to tlie Champion's Bolt, then just established, and as Paddock, who in the previous :yoar liaddofeated'Harry Broomo, did not come forward ?to dlsputethe claim 'of the Tiptoii Slasher to the'Konoiir; Tom ventured to think that he could take tho shine out of bucIi an old 'uri. How he found his opinions justified liy tho result, nnd how. he licked tho old Tipton in 10 rounds occupying 102 minutes, for L20I) a side, on the 10th of Juno,'l857, init-t ho fresh In tho recollection of our readers. After this, it will bo remembered he boat Rill Bonjamin, for 1,200 a side, in three rounds, occupy ing GJ minutes, January 6, 1858 ; Tom Paddock, for 1.150 aside, in 21 rounds and 80 minutes June 10, 1658; and Bill Benjamin again in, the present year, as alluded to above.' Air these battles must be so fresh in tho memories of all ring-goers ns to require no further notice. Tom's greatest fighting weight has been list! but ho is never so well as when somo 51b under that amount.' . His height Is as near as possible 6ft. 8Jln. ' i Bob Brettlei was born at Hortobello, near Edinburgh, in Tan. 1832,andis therefore six years younger than 'Tom SayeA. ': Hitherto his. fighting weight has been occasion he j iist turned tho scale at lOst 41b, and we must say that it did not appear that he was in any way too fleshy. By calling he was a glassblower, and it was while engaged in one of the larger establishments in the hardware districts that ho first became connected with tbo P.R. ? His first essay of which we havo any record was with Malpas of Birmingham,' whom he fought for L50 aside, on the'14fh nf February, '1854. Thero were 80 rounds, principally in favour of Bobi but eventually tliero was a claim of foul on his part. A wrangle took place ; tho referee gave two decisions, but wo could not a'certain which was. tho first, and therefore the. correct one arid ultimately tho stakes were drawn: Brettle's next encounter was with old Jnck Jones of Portsmouth, for L100 n side, on the 2lst November, 1854. Jack had only been nut of the ho3pi'nl a few weeks,: and was, in anything but condition; but still ho htul nil the best of tho mill, Brattle ; resorting to tho dropping system'. Forty- nine rounds wpro fought in 105 minutes, when darkness camo .on, arid as neither man was' much punished, the rcfereo ordered them to fight again on the following Saturday. On that day Jones was at tbo ap| pointed placo, but Btettle did not show, and it being discovered subcequentlr that he had been apprehended, either through the kind, offices of his friends or by his own negligence the stakes were awarded to Jones. After this Bob was idlo until the 20th November, 1855, when be defeated Roger Coyne of Birmingham, for L25 aside, in 49 rounds and 48 minutes. Then cam'ehis match with Sam Siinmonds, for L200 a side, which took place near' Didcot, Juno 8, 1800, and was won by Bob very easily in' 13 rounds aud 1G minutes, Sam's 'rotundity and Bonl lacldr proportions ; rendering him almost incapable of oxertion. Another ycar^or.rathor'more elapsed before Bob made another. essay, his next opponent being Job Cobley, whom ho fought for L100 a side, 4th August, -1857.- Hero Bobs greater weight; and superior strength enabled him. to take a decided lead, anil Job finding it too hot to bo pleasant, resorted to dropping, and finally lost the battle by falling without a blow in the 47th round, and at the expiration of 00 minutes. 'He was, howovcr, very sarlously punished about tho body, and was long beforo he recovered. On the 20th of January following Brettlo mot Bob Travcra fur L100 a 'side at Appledore; when; after fighting 42 rounds in 05 minutes, tho polico interfered. An ad-; journmcrit took. placo. to the following day, when thov mot again at Shell Haven, and after flshting.100 rounds' in two hours and fivo minute.'', Bob Travero, who had, like the Enthusiastic Potboy, found tho earth the safest place, was decided to havo lost the battle without |a blow. Bob's only ' Bubsequont encounter was, with Jem Mace of Norwich, who, it may bo romembercd, met him for LI00 a side on the 21st of September, 1858, and at the end of two rounds and ture.t minutes, although with none tho worse of it, hid his diminished head, and do clinod to have any moro. ? This was Bob's lost shy prior to Tuesday; and it was imagined by most people that ho 'would rotiro from tho ring, but the temptation of a turn at the champion was too great for him, arid induced him :to try o flight at tho top of the tree.' It will bo seen that nntil . the present occasion ho has met- no one with any pretension to rank among the hoivy weights, almost all his opponents being' lighter than himself, and wo are utterly. at a loss to, understand ' whence he got. the confidence to match himself against Sayars, unless It was from his supposed superiority with the gloves. ? Having now, bo far at is ncccesaary, dis charged our duty m historians, we will proceed to our description of ' ' ? ...... , -.-:? ., THE FIGHT. Round 1. On throwing oft theirtogas there was a great disparity in the appearance of the men, much greater indeed than would- have been expected from tho slight difference of .weight; ? Tom, whoso condition, was superb, was broad shouldered, thick loined, and muscn lar, tho weight being just where it ought to be ; while Brettlo looked narrow and round on the shoulders, and had n.t the upright firm bearing of tho champion. In height, too, there appeared more than the actual differ ence of a bare inch. Tom's mug, of the two, was fleshier than bis opponent's, but it looxed hard as nails. In point of age it was evident there was a considerable difference in favour of the Brum, whoso fresh complexion and healthful country appearance contrasted strongly with tho champion's bronze I but somewhat stale com plexion. The wear and tear of fifteen contests, and the gay life he has lod, have evidently left their mark, and we should imagine that if Tom is fortunate enough to retain tho belt tho stipulated time, he will be only too glad to retiro upon his laurels. Each had a pleasant good humoured amito on his phiz, but the champion -leemod to be more nt ; home than bis adversary. Bob looked leary, and walked round his man with a kind of crab-like, aidewny movement, and leoring out of tho cor ner of his ogle, was evidently on tho look-out to catch the champion tripplng,and made a dash at him with his right. Tom was awake, and ' though not moving far from the scratch, steppe I with Bob, and contrived to keep him continually facing him. . At length Bob, finding his man so fly to his little game, dashed straight at him, and let go the loft, which' caught Tom very slightly on tho beak. Tom nodded and smiled, as much as to say, ' Walt a minute;' and Bob renewed his journey round his man, who remained in the middle of the ring At length Bob again dashed in, and exchanges took place, iu which Tom left his .mark on Bab's forehead, the bump being of considerable size. Bob retreated, camo again, and lunging out his left, was prettily countered on tbo mouth,' from which firtt blood was Instantly visible, the blow being a hot 'un. Somo neat exchanges followed on the side of the head ; they then broke away, and as Sayers followed his man, Bob ducked his head, but Sayers caught him a sharp spank on the proboscis, which led to counter-hitting, when Tom got well on tho forehead, and Bob fell; A claim of first knock down for Tsm was made, hut disallowed, as Bob was evidently getting down when tho blow reached him. 2\. Bob's beak and mouth showed that Tom had been there; he, bowover, dashed in. and heavy exchanges took place, Tom getting on to the left peeper, and Bob on tho body. Bob now broke away, and resorted to his cunning peripatetio dodge, but Tom only grinned and waited for him. At length Bob dashed in, and got on the chest verv slightly, Tom returning well on the kiisor. Bobt after another pedestrian excursion, came again and let go the left, which was stopped, and he again walked round and showed his muscle. Tom stepped with him, and each tried lo draw tho other, till at last Bob let go his left, and'sharp exchanges followed on tho cheek with the loft, and Tom fell. , A claim of knock down for MroKlaiiYt allowed, Tom being on the hop, and partially slipping down. ? r ! 8\. Tom, on coming up, had a slight mark on the left cheek, which caused the Brums to cheer vociferously. Bob, on sooing it, mado a dash to force the fighting, I but Tom stopped him by a straight one on the whistler, | and then closed, T lia lo I to some sharp but very wild in -fighting in Tom's corner, and at last Bob was dswa on his knees with all the worst of it.' . 4\. .Bob came up blinking with his left eye, which had evidently got poppot in the last wild rally, and seemed as if about to closo. It was now discovered that tha ton minutes had just expired, and that his net of L200 was saved. Ho lost no time in getting to work, but giving one or two sidoway steps ho dashed in, planted bis right on the ribs, and then ono or two Bharp'countor hits wore exchanged. While dodging and stopping in and out. Hob's spikes came into dangerous collision with Tom's shin, and inflicted » dangerous wound ; Tom pointed to the injured spot and shook his head, whereupon Bob apologised, assured him it was unintentional, and pro mised to be moro careful for tho future. The wound was excessively deep, and only shows the extreme danger of using such absurd -pikes, which aro utterly useless to a man who intends really to Veep on his legs. Tom, after a little dodging, got heavily on tlio nose, and counter hits wero exchanged, Tom getting vary heavily on tho left peeper, and recoiving a hot ono oil the jowl, which knocked him clean off his legs. First knock down, for llrettlc, who was enthusiastically checrod as he wont to his corner. 5\. On coining up thero was no mark of Bob's visita tion on Tom's j»«-, but tho offoct of Tom's blows on Bob's maziard and rye wero very visible. His conk and left pcepor wero swollen, nnd tho claret *tu still visible from hin whlstletrap. Tha backera of Tom offered 4 to 1, but in only ono Instance was it taken, viz., by Bob Trrren, who invested a Unner on hU ptt, Bob, after & little queer manoeuvring, rushed In riifrl and left, and got tho latter on the body, but not hearts. Ho looked serious, and walked round nnd round, Soft finding Tom ready he tried a dash, succeeding in lent.1 ing.the. right on tho body.. , Tom got .heavily, on Qfi forehead, and then countcr-'hits being exchanged, Breeds* ?'' Sot slightly on tha neck, and Tom with .lils'rig'ht eaugfefc rettle very heavily on the left shoulder, and Bob w«ift down in his (Tom's) cornor. Tom ran after Bob as fee was being carried to his corner, with a curious look of anxiety aud nlarm on his countenance, evidently thiok intrho hid inflicted somo dangerous injury. Firidiifj however, that tho blow li.id.not the seriouB effects* feared, ho wolkod emilingto his corner. .;; 6\. Bob aime up looking very serious, and seven* times led oft' left and right, but quite out of distance. Tom then stepped in nnd tried his left, which Uot» cleverly avoided, and then returned on the chest. They quickly got to close quarters, und after a sharp exchang* on the neck Brottla full forward on his hands in Tom'i corner, Tom missing a terrific upper cut with his right as he fell. i'/; 7 and last. Bob missed several well-intended lungn with tho right, and (hen waiked round lho ring; te came a lain, and triad the left with a similar result. Ha kept hitting out of distanco, as if afraid of Tom's right, which had already missed him bo narrowly. Again 'and again did ho sep' in and out, and as Savers tried to catch him on tho hop ho would point and grin; atlstt he got Blightlyon the chest, receiving a little one on. the cheek. Bob retreated nnd then hit out -with his left most furiously, but missed, and Tom countered him heavily on tho shoulder; at the same moment Bob im mediately put his right hand to his shoulder, as if ia pain; bey however; shook himself together, and tried to stand and prop his man with ? his right, but from the expression on his countenance something was evidently ami«, and en Tom's approaching him he got down in his own corner, apparently suffering considerable agony. Solid Coates, his umpire; at onco went to Ins corner, and on 'inquiry found thiet he had dislocated his shoulder, oUhor by tho forco1 of his own blow, or from tho effecta of Tom's -heavy counter ; and this being the cue, of - cour/e ? ho had no ; option but to resign ths viqtory to Tom Saycrs, who was hailed the conqueror .in fifteen mimtlet. Tom at onco went to shake hands with his fallen foe, and then resuming his toggery, 'quickly ronppnnroa amonp l.lo friendo without* mark to show that he had' been fighting. A mcdicil friend who wns on the. ground quickly attended upon, poor Bob, and lost no time in restoring his arm to iu position, and the poor fellow, more injured in mind than body, was soon' sufficiently recovered to enter freely into conversation with his .friends, many of whom believed, and we heart still believe, that he had to tho full, at good a ohanco as Tom Sayerj, at the time so disastrous a termination to. the battle occurred. That this was so, Is, of course! butamatterof opinion; our own ideas on. the subject: will bo found in tho remarks appended below. ? That Bob's own opinion did not coincide with Hint of hU friends may be gathered from tho fact that he Las since called upon-us to statd his intention of retiring from the ring.' Ho Bays ho knows of no man of his own 'weight who is likely: to try conclusions: with him; he ' has no intention of again over matching himself as on thepresent occasion, and as he tits agoodbrisine-sin Uirmingbam,hetbinksbocanwcllaffJri to leave fighting alone; at any rate as an active professor of ' tho art. In this' resolvo wo think he is perfectly right, nnd as ho is- n thoroughly honest, upright young: fellow; and of an excellent temper, wo do not doubtoC his success. He already numbers troops of friends, and we sincerely hope that his uniform civility and obliging disposition will, have tho effect of doubling his connec tion, and quick! v placing him in a position to render him as independent as his most sincere friends could desife.:--' '?? ?' i-' :.' '? ?; :.:' ? : ? ?' Before closing this part of our account, we should not be rendering jus ice where it is due did -wo not mention that Jack .Macdonald, one of Tom Saycrt's seconds, on' finding the naturo of Bob's injuries, rushed to his corner, and rendered very material a3sistincato ' tho su'rg'etn in atteiidnnco'in-rostoring the dislocated arm to its socket.1 This part of' tho business- being over, and 'Bob removed' from tho ring, no time' wax lost In- making preoarations for the second battle; be tween Uooko and Goss. . : ? : ? ? . ; ? - ?.--??:: REMARKS.- : ??-: ;.-. Where the battle was of such short duration, it.is, of conrse, difficult to: find much to say in the shape ofvre marks. .To. every judge of milling who -was: oniths ground, not excluding some of Brettle's own friends, it was obvious from the very first round that, bar sn'u clderiti the victory must He with the favourite. In fact, in our own hearing, at the conclusion of tho first round, where Tom drew tho crimson from Bob's serciiader, vanct left his sign manual on his forehead, one of the backers of tho latter said, 'It's all over ; we shan't win.' . It had been anticipated .that the champion,-, in his anxiety to win tho bet of L20.0 to L20,' would, at onco take the ini tiative, and that thereby he would throw himself open to tho dangerous-right- handed counters of Bob.; bat those who fcuow. Tom Sayors- were too well acquainted with his judgmatical tact to believe in any BUuh thing; and hence their confidence and the sreat odds they so freely laid. From . tho . very commencement it 'wat. obvioun Tom saw ? tho ' game ., he had to pls.y and tlio calm way. in which ? ho shifted', fiil position so as always to' present a bold front ta.th* enemy delighted every ono. He was, of course, tahen by surpriBe at Bob's getting home first, but this o'dW ren dered him steadier, and convinced him that he n^st act. in b cautious manner. .' We do not believe he for a mo ment contemplated going for the bet, ftUh'jugh wo : feel convinced that had ono vicious upper cut. got home- he must have won It to the greatest eertdjntv. In all hie recent fights- he has been the one th'^t has fought in the. jump-about, dancing master style, but here he was: the steady old stager, quietly biding his time, nnd seldom throwing away nhit The knock-down blow in; the fourth round. was indubitably a fair knock down, but it must not bo forgotten that although matters thereby looked favourable for Brottlo.tho real fact was that Ton in his counter got home much heavier than his opponent, und that had ho been' stopping in instead of back h» would not havo been floored. Tho proof of the effective ness of the blow wns soen on the men again appearing at the scratch, when Tom showed no mark, while th« evidence of his visitation to Bob's squintor w»a unmis takable. That the bnttle terminated as It did, wo can not help feeling-was fortunate for Brettlo. Tom's dan gerous right— never brought into play until he has hit man 'safe,' as he says— was already busy; true h» missed once or twice, but ho is not tho man to do this often, and had it got home. effectively there Is no .tell ing what Injury he might have inflicted. The actual causo ot Bob's accident . It is impossible to fathom. Some aver that it was partly caused by the heavy blow i-i the Afth round, others that the shoulder was injured by tho fall on his hands, but as h» was nblo to use it so vigorously in the last ronnd, we beliovo both these suppositions to be wrong. Pos sibly they may have rendered the muscles weaker than usual, and predisposed the arm for such a contreferont, but our own idea is that Bob swinging his arm out so verr viciously at a distanco from his man; and receivings tap on the collar bone at tho same moment, the joint was jerkod oat entirely in that manner. That his' arm was dislocated there was not the slightest doubt, for w» ' have tho evldonce not only of the surgeon himself, bat also of Jack Macdonald, as to tha dislosation being re duced; and even if we had not, the . expression of poor Boh's countenance and his contortions when in his cor ner wtre far too natural to have ; boen put on for the occasion. We should not have thought, it necessary t» make these observations had we not heard It whispered ' that a set of Idiots, who think everything connected with the ring is a barney, or something tantamount t» It, havo been going about saying that there was no!«ed tlent at all, and that tho statement as to Brettle's acci dent was all moonshine: The gentry -who make then remarks should look st home, and before throwing mod. at persons in different walks of life to themselves, should comddcr whether in tho event of a Bimllar com pliment paid to thomselvos there would not bo amuck larger portion of the sticking part attached to them selves, and whether they could be as easily whitewashed as their humbler, though perhaps, honcster brethren of the P Ri Of Bob Brettle's performances on Tuesday we neod say but little. He evidently found himself out- ? generated from tho flrat, and this being tho case, all thai remained for him to do was to make the bait of t bad bargain, and this, we are bound te say, he di- to the utmost of his ability. Oar own opinion wm, before tha battle, that he had not the ghost of a ctnn.-e. and that opinion was borne out by the result We or* sorry that hn was' diaappointod in his expectations, which wero entirely raised by his underrating his man; but as. wo do not believe he will bo a loser by his de feat, he Is, perhaps, not to be so much pitied as some «f his less fortunate compeers. Ho has been always s. general favourite, and so long as he porsevores in hie present straightforward course ho must retain the roc* wishes of all parties. As wo havo stated above, wo thiai he has taken a wise resolution in retiring from the Rinc and we hope that no vain flattery on the part of air Interested admirers will induce him te change, his rew lution. In conclusion, wo cm only again congratulate the managers of tho expedition on tho excellence «f thoir arrangements, the company for their caretonvoil nil risks, and tho caterer, Mr. Pinkstono, for his liboni and excellent provision, and express a hope that on «& futuro occasions when wo may be called on to attesti such meetings we may witness the same quiet, ?tdtaig conduct we observed on Tuesday last. (From Bell's Life in London, October 2.) It was originally intonded thtt the LfiOO for ttit match should have been handed over to Tom Sayers «a Friday evening, at Owen Sivift's, Horse Shoe, Tichborun street, but on Friday morning Tom's backers called cm U3 to state that the Champion was Buffering so icvoralji from tho injury on his shin, inflicted by Bob Brettlo't spikes, that he wai completely laid on hla back at New market, and under orders not to stand up for some d*j*. Under the circumstances, therefore, tho ceremony Is tut cessarily postponed. The when and the whero will be duly mado known. It is high time tho practice of nsinc such spikes should be put an end to. Sparrowbilii bm- ample for all necessary purposes, and wo trust thai seconds in futuro will boo that fighting boots aw dtfnr submitted U the umplroi and referee previous to then being put on. 