DEJECTED LOVER COMFORTED. ! ! (From Longfellow's ttyjwrio*.) ' " Trug evening I leave' Interlaoben f&r; ever," said Flem ming, rather abruptly. , Í Berkly sta rad. "'.'-. j "Iadeedt Fray what is tho matter1»-, Toa look af pale as a ghost I" ; "And have good reason to look palo I" replied Flem- ming, bitterly... " íIoITmnn «aye, in . ono of bis note books, that on the eleventh of Marah, at half.past «lglit p'olook prooiaely, he was an ass. That is. what I was ibis morning at half.past ton o'clock precisely, and am now, and I suppose always shall be." ; He tried to lnujgb, but could not. He then related to ¡Berkly the whole story from beginning to end. j "This is a-miserable piece of business I" exclaimed ¡Berkly, when be had finished, "Strange enough t And yet 1 had long reagen to raarvol ot the caprices of women. Did not Pan captivate the chaste Diana 7 Did not Titania love Nick Bottom with his ass's headf Da you think that maiden's ryes aro no longer touobed with the juico of love in.idleness? Take my wordfor it, she is in Jove with somebody else. There must be somo raason for this. No; women never have any roasons exoept their will. But never mind. Keep a stout heart. Caro killed a oat. After all-what la aha ? TTho is aha f Only a-" j "Hush I hush I" exclaimed Flemming, in great ex. eitement. " Not ons word more, I .beseeob you. Do not think to console jne by depredating her. She ia very dear to me still*a beautiful high-minded, noble woman." ".yes," answered Berkley, .' that ia the way with you ; all, you young men. You BOO B sweet faoe, or a some, thing, you know not what, and flickering reason .saya I (lood-nlglit j Amen to common sense. Th* imagination invosts the beloved object with a thousand superlativa oliarms ; furnishes her with all the purple and fin« linen, all the rieh apparel and furniture of human nature. I did the same when I was young. I was once aa deips. ratoly in lovo as you ora now, and went through all th» ' Dellolotts doâths, soft exhalations, Of soul j dear and divino annihilations, A thousand unknown rites, Of Joy» and raridad dolighta, I adored and was rejooled. 'You aro in love with eertain attributes,' Raid tho lady ' Confound tho attributes, madam,' enid I ; 'I know nothing of attributes.' . Sir,' said sho with dignity, 'you have been drinking.' So we rmrtod. Sho was married nf'orwnrd« to another, who knt-w somothlng about attributes, I Btipnose. I have sean her onoo since, and only onoo. Sho had a baby in n yullnw gown. I hate a bnby in a yellow gown. How glad I am sho djd not marry, me. . Ono of these days you will bo glad you have been rejected. Take roy word for it.' Amtttvm n -Brinx Quo f-It appear* fc¿ Mooaat frail ttaê'fMMh aapital that th» faa* ona atstu* of ibi Holy Vira^ of Par, which, destined 'to h-pn «nt th palroneaa of tba Empire, ia intended to be of tha mo« ea'.rssil bropcrtions- not leat than, twenty-four feet ii height-has remained io statu quo ever sioee J80T fn want of sufficient funda for oasting, notwithstanding tb exertions,med to raise the amount. A correspondent c tho Court Journal tbUB describes the state of offiirs : - The vow was mads that the statua should be oast ii bronze, and on tho 8th of September-date of tb -the Nativity of the Virgin-in consequence of the voi registered in Heaven by tho Bishop of Pay, in 185! that the statue should be the murvel of the universe i the Virgin would listen to bis prayer, and favonr th Fronau army then before Sebastopol. The Empero gave in bis adherence.-and promised, in order to furtbe the'cause'of viotory first, tho peaae afterwards, ito giv tbo cannon talcén'ht-"Sebastopol to melt down into th divine fi.rra.of the Blessed, Virgin. By a faith-compel ling" coincidence, ,tho,very doy pf ;tbe Virgin's Na'ivit and tho* Embbrbr's promise, Sebastopol fell into th hands of tho'Allied Army, and some few month afterwards . a hundred and thirteen pieces c oannon.,were., pla ced -ot [thedisposul of: the Biabo of -Puy.'- 'for 'the'-'casting of his' statue. ' Bu alas I it '-would1 "seem, as ' if the vast proportion of the model' were beyond tho power of n rann to eccom plish, for until now, the pedestal alone haB bren raisec nnd tbe -prospect of tho vost expense yet to be incurro has discouraged even the boldest donors. Prero Hoi mann, the Dimimcan, bns'set ont upon a bar'efoote tour throughout the country ; lotteries have been organ ised; concerts haye been given ; sermons have, bee preached in every corner of the émpire in favour of th gigantic work; but the model still remains in tho hand of the easier, and the pedestal seems destined t wait a long while yet for the . statue. '.. In thi dilemma comes the Princess Clotilde, who, wit! ; her youthful imagination Btill fired' with ' the Italia! ! faith she brings from beyond the Alps, makes ahothe vow, mnre solemn and mora binding than any whioh ha ; gone before, that, on tho nex'/et-f of the Nativity of tb (Blessed Virgin, the statue shall be erected;'and by tin {contributions of the faithful, in sous alone I.For thi 'purpose, is a new confrere about to be'established, pt ihi iheàd of whioh tho Princess stands herself. Jt is to bi (called the " Confrièrio. du Sou .de. la'Vinrge," and iti ¡members are bound to 'collect when Bud wberevi-r the; can the sous of high and iiw, of rioh, and poor; for thi furtherance of the worki The great coffer, wbicl once belonged to. the Cardinal de' Eichelieu, hoi .been drawn front'its retreat,] and stands, with oper lid, on-' a -raised- pedestal in' ' the great picture gallery of the.Palai's.Boyal ;'and. into this evéry.visitor both going, anil coming is expected to fling, da ho passes »a aasny, iou» as he may be possessed of. Only thr. c day« bas, elapsed, ainea the' establishment of the rule and already ia the coffer more than half full ; anc tho merriment of.tba little Princess is always raised bj the speculations of those who behold' the treasure, con eerning the manner in whioh it is to be conveyed tc Monseigneur de Poy. ' One hnadred doyb'indulgence be it remarked,- have -been' accorded hy the Pope to al jwho shall concur in the work, either by word or deed and thia will show you why.-we aro so urgent in tht matter, as no one more than ourselves need indulgence .from your readers. .. ?. .- ' , - Dur.ot'cir. MUHDKR AT KENTUCKY. (NEW ENOTAND'1 j-In the beginning of tho week a report was ourrent tim the decapitated.body of a man, wiih.lhe'head lying some distance off, bad. been.found-on. Kentucky station. r Capt Scott immediately proceeded, to the. spot, and found thi information to be correct; . Accordingly, on Thursday last, ,10th, an'.inquest was. bold at > the nearest out- station, before Dr. Markham, coroner, and a jury of four touching .the death of David james Edwards, a oiie-nrmec man,who had been employed, .on the station os a.shep- herd.' The witnesses.were Christina Grant, J. B. West, M.Di, and Alexander Grant... It appears .from' the evi- dence that deceased left the out.station on Monday morn ing, with his flook, and in the evening his flock returned without him. .Next morning Grant, who is a shepherd at the same outstation, went, in search, but finding no trace ; of deceased, and supposing no had 'gone to thc publio-house, about 2.miles off, and got drunk, he pro Seeded ito the head-station, and < reported hie absence. . Subsequently, about 10 - aim",, whilst shepherding deceased's flook, be diEoovcred his headiest, body in the bush, abou,t half a mile from tho hut. He then returned and took other men to the spot, who found the bead about sixty yards from the body (where it wai probably removed, by dogs). The I skull in ; front was broken, as if by a blpw from some blunt instrument. Tbe head, whioh had apparently been severed from the body by ,-a sharp knife and an axe or a tomahawk, wai eaten.in the soft parts, as if by dogs, and within .the skin bf the neok tbe body was similarly mutilated.'- The blow on the skull waB milicient to cause death. Grant, it appears, had a stranger calling himself Tom employed for.a week to dig potatoes for; him, and one* day Tom asked Grant if deceased had much money, and * if so, did ha keep it on his parson, or whafe. This Tom lett' on Friday morning last. . About three .weeks before the in- quest, deceased, in M-s. Grant's presence,'requested Mr. Owen to change a.£10 note for him, but Mr. O.'bad not change, and deceased asked Mrs. G. to tie up his pocketbook for 'him.. .-The jury .returned a verdict "Thatdooeased was murdered, by some person or person a as yet not known."-Armidale Express, Miy 21. j THE '" EMPJOB."-The resumption of tbe Empire has occurred just at the time when it was more pressingly heeded than ever. Tho grneral election now commenced affords full opportunity, of testing the real wishes of the people of tbe colony. . .And the many great questions to be ' decided' by' the new Parliament-decisions wbiou must govern bur ooùrse as. a nascent nation for. some ( years, at least-make, it not merely very desirable, but of very great importance, that, both the political .sides, or parties, should, bo obie to. appeal powerfully, to the people,; ere thé elections are completed. . The Con- servative side-f-the pitrty of'those who think tho colony is progressing I too fast . towards uuobroked democracy .-is very ably represented in the Sydney Morning Herald. We may regret that it seems to tbo editor of that paper- desirable, or necessary, to impute-disnonourable motives constantly to tho leading men on the side of progress.' But apart from ¡ ,'thÍB feature, it is beyond doubt that the Cornie) votives of the oolony aro very well and nbly served by their lead- ing paper. And to our mind, it is equally beyond doubt that, this colony, possessing a leading : Conservative j 'Urnal, is mere happily placed, than the neighbouring colonias. . Neither Victoria, South Australia, or Tas- mania,-has . such a valuable aid in the discussion of : publié questions. : In all three, the measures of pro- gress proposed ase viewed, by the lending metropolitan , Journals, from very nearly the same point of view, as \- respects the rights of > the many nnd of tho few. On the other band, this is absolutely the enly .colony in .'Australasia where tbo Liberal party, the party ot progress,, have been for a timo without :a leading metropolitan - organ. It ia fortunate tbing that tbe stoppage of the leading Liberal ' paper bf the colony, could not stop the progress of Liberal prin ; dales among the people. But it left tho eonduot of the i leading Liberals of tho country practically nt tho mercy ; of tbe graiit Conservative journal. Certainly that power might have been still more abused; but it is unquestion- able that the opportunity has not been'lost.-' Tho eon duet of the Liberal Ministry, and of the leading Liberal< generally,-has been presented to tho country in tho dnrk colours in which a Conservative journal must naturally , view that eonduot. ' And we should expao't tbo' muon from human nature if wo looked for th» same thought fal fairness of construction, from a political partisan, for the motives of opponents, as would be extended te the motives of friends. We do not believe that the Herald; or any other Conservative journal, or tbe whole Press of tho colony, if all were Conservativa journals, could atop tba present spread.of Liberal opinions pinong tho popple of the colony. Gront nation il' movements liku this oan only be checked, in free countries hy a national re. ' action, arising from national exco-s. But wo shall stand infinitely more free from tba prosp.-ot of such an excess if both the great phases of national thought are1 fully and adequately represented in the Press. National dis- content becomes dangerous only when.it is oompolled , to mutter its blame in secret-as in Franco nt this mo. ment. And tha same thing is true, but of- oourso to a far less ex'ent, in a freo country, with imperfect means of speaking out its freu thoughts. It is thus of great importance that 1 tho conduct of a Liberal Ministry should be openly attaoked, 'openly explained, openly defended, in the leading metropolitan Press. Tho unfriendly sorutiny makes them more careful and orutiou* ; tho friendly explana- tion and comment eoeures them a fair trial. And tho . nation at large (as à oolony self-governed may fairly bo termed), having full opporiuaity afforded it of judging how far ita professed leading men ore acting as it desires, can in turn oponly form it« opinions and openly aot on them, in reference to its existing Government. We hope to find that tba Empire, which oan only exist against the powerful business competition of the Herald aa a journal of deoided Liberal principle's, will be immediately and permanently supported br tho numerous Liborals of the oolony. Its being now in tho hands of two practical printers ia at loast a guorantoo, that good business management will mark its oaroor. And ii the Libarais generally aocord to it the requisito support, to give lt a fuir ohanoe, we do not doubt that the \Rmpire will prove once moro, what it used to be, a worthy rival to the Herald ia all business features, as well as tho best oxnonont in the oolony of tba trae principios of political 1 rogroBB. -Maitland Mercury. I 