M UT W ITU. A cheroot gelding, bred br Mr Hutu, near Albury, fa ¡j 1820, is by Tom Joai)s,out ul Jeauaette, bj Yvuag Theo- . rea, oat of Maid of Australia by llectur. Tom Jones [ by the imported horse Vagabond om of Xantippe by f Whisker. I » hen atwo-jear-old Nutwith was purchased for £35, s and for a long time vr»s employed as n bash hack, |a tho autumn uf 1657 lid managed to carry off a few ttifl. j ing stakes io the Albury and Ucechwortn Uistiicti, butin J ISiS he nerer wou a race, la tho beginning of the prê- tent year he came out in great force, having sgcurcd tba .Miner's Pur,o at Wahgunyah in Januiryi he waa equally successful at Wangaratta iu Pebruuty. On tho. second day of the meeting be was aa easy conqueior ot Ranger and Mots Tro jper in tho Town Plate, tunning the thus miles in 0 min. 7 sec.'and on the third day, in the La- dies' Purse welter weighis"three miles, he again defeated Ranger by rive lengths. At the Nine- mile District Hacas, in March, he played leading business in the Town Plate, (Titzjaines being his only opponent, wb»m he o .uuuered caa.ly. At Beechworth, the same munib, he bud another good inning*. On tbe drat day, carrying lus Un, be ap- propriated tbs Publicans' Purse, a two miles handicap in beats, .Moss Trooper (3,t 711.) runuing him bard in both, but neither Butbsr'ein (9st llluj, Rauher (9»i 4lb). nor Fiizj-imes (8it 7lb), haring a ghost of a chanco ; and on the second day lie was fortunate enough to obtain tho Miner*' Cup, a three miles handicap, Nutwith carrying I Oit llb, and Jumbuck, aged, his ouly adversary, Sst 71b, Al a quar.erof a'mile fruin home the twain were racing rieck and neck, wheo the latter broke down. Ia thu Sq jit- ters* Purse, at Albury, in April, three mites, ho gave V«' lentiue the go by, winning, after a slothing ruee to ina diatance, by a couple uf lengths ; but on the second day of the meeting he was doomed, io disappointment in the Town Píate, three miles, ia which, carrying 9it «lb, be was beaten by Junius(8st 111b) by a length, acd by Tran- by (9sl Sib) by half a head, tbe journey being performed in 6inin."2 sec; but- ia tba Ko reed liandicap, the laat day, he wai again victorious. Valentine, at even weighu, being half a length behind at the nullo, and Emerald, Bolher'em, and Half Carne following in bia wake. Tbs last appearance thus far of the Oven» Cb*mpiuii was tn the Tu» u Plate, st ibo late Heathcote Races, in which, with 71b penslty, he wu an easy->vlctor. Starlight and Acrobat being the vanquuhod. Nutwith has never wno I io the metropolitan district, and though entered at Ei- senden, did not 80, in cousequence nf thu exceeding roughness uf the ground, lie was freely backed by tbs Beechworth public for the great event. 