MISCELLANEA. USEFUL HINTS.— If a limb or other part of the body is severely cut, and the blood comes out by spirts or jerk, he in a hurry or the man will be dead in five minutes. There is no time to talk or send, for a physician. Say nothing. Out with your handkerchief; throw it round the limb, tie two ends together, put a stick through them, twist it round, tighter and tighter, until the blood ceases to flow. But stop: it does no good. Why? Be- cause only a severed artery throws blood out in jets ; and the arteries get their blood from the heart ; hence, to stop the flow, the remedy must be applied between the heart and the wounded spot — in other words, above the wound. If a vein had been severed, the blood would have, flowed in a regular stream, and slow ; and, on the other hand, the tie should be applied be1ow the wound, or on the other side of the wound from the heart, because the blood in the veins flows towards the heart, and there is no need of such great hurry. — Hall's Journal of Health. Whatever instruction is reaped from history may be reaped from a newspaper, which is the history of the world for one day. It is the history of the world in which we now live and with which we are consequently more concerned than with those which have passed away, and exist only in remembrance. In the Divorce Court, lately Mrs. Barbara Aubrey prayed for a judicial separation on the ground of the adultery of her husband, Colonel Harcourt Winne Aubrey. The marriage took place at Gretna Green as long ago as 1814, and there had been eighteen children, of whom eleven are still living. The cohabitation continued until about 1832, when Colonel Aubrey with- drew from his wife's society, and has since been living in adultery with a woman named Sparkes. It was proved that Colonel Aubrey and Sparkes had lived together as wan and wife at Chelsea, Knightsbridge, in the Queen's Prison, and at Paris. An entry in the book kept by the blacksmith of Gretna Green was tendered to prove the marriage of the parties, but the Judge would not receive it as evidence. The marriage, how ever, was clearly proved by more orthodox documents, and the court decreed a judicial separation. GHOST- SEEING. — Some such fullness of blood vessels as caused the Berlin bookseller Nicolai to behold ocular spectre, may, as well as many other physical states of being, bring about apparent externity of objects which are really within the camera obscura of the mind. I well remember a late celebrated physician, of Birmingham, telling me an anecdote respecting himself, which bears upon this point. He was sitting writing at a late hour in his study, when lifting up he eyes, he saw. as he thought, his maid Betty standing close to his elbow with a lighted bedroom candle in her band. Supposing this to be a hint that Betty wanted him to go to bed, or rather was herself sleepy, he said to her, "Betty, you may set down the candle and go to bed ; I don't want anything more to- night." Absorbed in writing, Dr. L. conceiving Betty to be gone, did not look up for some time after this; but when he again raised his eyes, there stood Betty with the candle in her hand as before. The command to set it down and go to bed was repeated ; but Betty never stirred. At length, when this had happened more than two or three times, the doctor, surprised at Betty's supposed perversity, and thinking she most be afflicted with sudden deafness, put out his hand, to push her gently towards the door, thereby more energetically to demonstrate that she was, on this occasion, 'Madame de Trop.' Then, said Dr. L. I received an unpleasant shock in discovering that Betty was but thin air. My hand went through the phantom, but even this did not dissipate her apparent corporal presence. I felt my pulse. I was in a raging fever. I drew out a lancet from my pocket, let myself blood, and as it flowed from my arm, Betty, till then an obstinate ghost, bent on not going to bed, was laid in the red sea of the wash-hand basin which I placed to catch the sanguine stream,and with her departed the danger I had run of having a violent illness. — 'A Physician's Ghost' All the Year Round. A PLEA FOR THE PIPE — In every class tobacco has one effect which must have a tendency to diminish drinking. It fills up time. At any rate, while a man is puffing he cannot imbibe. Let us suppose that, at a contested election for a town councillor; there is open beer at a pothouse, and that two electors go in at nine and stay till they are turned out at eleven. As there is no stint they will both drink so much as they please; but, if during the two hours one has been smoking and the other not, it is obvious that time at least is in favour of the non-smoker getting through most pots. Let us take the case of a respectable agricultural labourer. After several hours' work he gets, if very lucky, a dinner composed of hunch of bread, a piece of Dutch cheese, a bit of bacon fat, and a mug of muddy beer. This would be all to which he could have been looking forward for four hours of ploughing or turnip- hoeing, were it not that the simple repast is followed by 20 minutes of a delicious clay pipe, He thus get 22 instead of the two minutes his dinner would take him or perhaps, to state the point quite fairly, we may say the three minutes if we allow for his having to clean his clasp-knife on the seat of his trousers between his courses. Surely this protraction of pleasure is an enormous gain in thrall wearisome existence of the British clo- Hoppers.—Saturday Review. The passion of love, and a profound and sensible regard, based upon prodigious knowledge of character and appreciation of talent, are different things. What is the historical and poetic splendour of love, but a glory that dazzles and blinds! Men rarely love the women they ought to love, according to the ideal standards. It is this that makes the plot and mystery of life. Is it not the perpetual surprise of all Jane's friends that she should love Timothy instead of Thomas? And is not the courtly and accomplished Thomas sure to surrender to some accidental Lucy, without position, wealth, style, wit. culture—without everything but heart? Emerson. LOVE AMONG THE DRUGS—If you look into any newly established chemist's shop in a country town, at any hour, you will probably see some neatly dressed young female waiting to be served. Early and late, winter and summer spring-time and autumn, the same phenomenon presents itself. We have observed it on so many occasions that we long since began to theorise upon it, and we fancy with some success. Is some feminine tooth in perpetual suffering ? for chemists are dentists as well as druggists. Are delicate little fingers continually being pinched in malignant wickets ? do chilblains need medical advice or is honey required for chaps, when the thermometer is 93 degrees ,in the shade ? We have no hesitation in giving these questions a most unflinching negative. How then do we account for the shops of young chemists being the chosen resort of the gentle sex? Simply in this way ; because the young chemist is looking, out for a partnership—not chemical—but connubial—and every pretty and sensible young person—maid or widow knows it, and turns that knowledge to profitable account. That is our theory. In a year or two a change takes place. Instead of a lady being constantly before the counter, one is occasionally seen behind it the most meritorious candidate has been selected for preferment. With proper feeling the opposition retires and business is allowed to flow in its natural and legitimate channels. The sale of cosmetic is greatly reduced, depilatories are in less request, and casualties, such as pricking of thumbs or burns from Italian-irons, are of very rare occurrence. The young chemist is no longer a marked man, his individuality has fallen like a drop of rain. and has been swallowed up in the mighty ocean of matrimony .— Once a Week. 