THE PENITENCE OF DON O'SHANASSY. A SPANISH BALLAD, OMITTED BY MR. LOCKHART. It was when Don O'Shanassy of State had lost the rein, He took a shilling ticket to Sandridge, by the train: He took a shilling ticket, but no return took he, For he was bound for that green isle—the first gem of the sea. For he was bound for Ireland, and some men said for Rome, The Don had always had a wish to see the Pope at home, To have with him, like Father Tom, a dinner tete a tete, And tell the little secrets of our young Victorian state. He cast his eyes about him, to see if he could spy A goodly ship, with many berths, and fares not over high; Compact and neat his wardrobe he held within his hand, Two clean shirts and a handkerchief will see him to the land. He spied an Ancient Mariner was sitting on a boat, Right ample were his trousers, and tarry was his coat; And thus the Don addressed him—"I pray thee tell to me What kind of vessel you would choose, were you to cross yon sea." Then up outspoke the Mariner, as he turned his quid about, "I don't much mind as if I does, so be if you're to shout. Take my advice, at any price, in a London vessel go, The grog is good, and so's the food, although they're rather slow. There now's the 'Saucy Annie' alongside of the pier, And there is Captain Brindlecombe a-drinking of his beer, You can't go wrong, I tell you, to go in such a ship, So you'd better go and see her—now how about that nip?" Then up spoke Captain Brindlecombe, and rather rude was he: "I'm blow'd if I can take you, you're nearly six feet three; There is no cabin in my ship, there is no berth of mine That measures longitudinally more than five feet nine; And then that corporation, and your greasy double chin Bespeak you as a good one to tuck the victuals in. I'll take you as an extra fare—say ninety sovereigns down." At this the Don at once put on a ministerial frown. "Extortioner! Extortioner!"—the Don in anger cries, (I don't know that he didn't make allusion to his eyes— Allusions to his optics so startling and severe That Punch would never countenance the mention of them here). Enraged was he, and obstinate, he would not take advice, He went on board a Limejuicer at only half the price; He sailed on board a Limejuicer that hail'd from Liverpool, Although his friend the Mariner told him he was a fool. The sun had just descended into the western sea, The worthy Don was sitting, rather sick upon the lee, And the winds were whistling round him as to himself he said: "By Jove! its getting rather cold, I think I'll go to bed." He crossed the wet and sloping deck with careful steps and slow, He tightly grasped the handrail and groped his way below; But scarcely had he laid himself within his narrow bunk When he began to scratch himself, to shiver, and to funk. "Confound it!" quoth O'Shanassy; as he gave a rueful shrug, "And yet I think it cannot be—it cannot be a bug. It is, it is; another bite would drive a sane man mad." Loud, loud he sighed, "Ah, woe is me, and my hard case is sad." The Don he tossed and tumbled in anguish and in pain, He wildly strove to raise himself, he strove, but strove in vain, Before his frenzied vision a phantom form appeared— It was the Ancient Mariner, he knew him by his beard. "He bites me, he bites me," the Don in sorrow cried— "To remind you of M'Mahon's case," said the vision by his side "He eats me now, he eats me now. Oh, saints in pity save!" "Such were the shrieks met Regan's ear, but he no mercy gave." "And now they charge in squadrons, theirs fifty of the clan, A hundred I should rather say,—Oh! save me if you can." "I wonder not they trouble you, and make you ill at ease; There as the new magistrates—the illiterate J.P.'s" Thus suffered Don O'Shanassy for ninety nights and three, The while the "Roaring Jackass," bore him across the sea, And thus each night his conscience in shape of grizzly ghost, Recounted all his errors at the secretarial post. And thus was Don O'Shanassy purged of his grievous sin, There was no superficial inch unbitten in his skin. A wiser and a better man he stepped upon the shore, And the vision of the Mariner appeared to him no more. 