TATIARA. [From our Border Correspondent.] A melancholy and fatal accident occurred on the 24th February, at an out- statlon of Mr. McLeod, Nalang, in the wilds of Tatiana, and a long distance from Penola, to a fine young man named Thomas Chambers, who, whilst working at a well, received a blow on the head from a heavy spar, which killed him on the spot. I understand that notice was given by a mounted trooper to the nearest Justice, who did not deem it necessary to hold an inquest. Telegram to Ehglahd.— We perceive bj a notice in our advertising colnmns that Mr.A. Abrahamt Of this city, is anticipating tho completlna of the eltoWo telegraph to England, by proposing to esUbllsh com mercial relations between that country and tho Austra lian colonies, by aid of the telegraph lin»s at present laid down, in the bhoitcst possible space ot time. Whilst wo wish Mr. Abrdixtus every luccess in his undertaking, we hopothtt it will only prelude lor a very short period that more perfect co1nnv.111ics.tlon by electric wire between tho mothci-coui.try and tha antipodes to which all efforts in the pro Rre£3 of human intercourse are tending. South Ausi-halian' Debating Club. — The- following has heen obiiKiuxly forwarded to us by a oorre BDondciu :— ' A iiuciinn of the above Society w&shald; at AHrid-?e's, on Friday evening last, v?hen the announce ment tint Mr. T. I'. Hilt would give a ShakspcrUn read ing attracted & large audience. Tho play selected (th» tragedy of Hamlet) is one which is Imt ecldora produced on colonial boards; the ntccMity for good ectlntr, ap. proprlatc scenery, and tho thousard-ond-one mlontto of what aro commoiily hiiow.-i as stupe effect being all but imperative. Thao is alfo a unity Iu tho play Itself which renders desirable its performance as a whole, as ia illastr..tcd by the old proverb of ' tbo play of Hamlet with the ghost omiite-7 Mr. Ili'l had of course to contend with the cntiw absent-; of scenery, drewcs.and sta^e effect, wliila tho timo ailowed for tho reading was bo limited is to admit mjlyof selection*, and those by no mvanu lenjthy. Wo think, comUcrinjr thtse dr curnslancsF, that Sir. Hill's (ifort was decidedly success ful: his voict! is fldibio, thou».'i not very powerful) his reading clear and polnteJ, without rant, bombast, or that absurd mistake of ait'mptin,. to oiler or impIOTO the text— 'to speak more than was ECt dowo for them'— iuto which ma;iy hiitr onitts fall ; and U16 aotion waa made quietly and lucidly to iri'crpret and enforce tho Kords, instead of (as is too fre q_ue ntly the case) the words being used as a im ro tlalking-horse for the action. We reero especUIly struck by the reader's renderinu of the ;host scenp, the gravciiggcrs' colloquy, and Hamlet'* idvicetothe rlaycra, whicli lest Mr. Hill seems to tt' nember as well as recite. At tho conclusion of the md ug a vote of thaT.ks to Mr. Hill was moved by tbeSeere jary of the Club, who especially commented on Mr. auiereadlnciBto assist that and kindred institutions, leconded by Mr. C. Sablne, and carried by ecclamatloo. K vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr, James Haogeorge. !onclnded.tbeprocM4lDgs,' ^ 