LITERARY- LEISURE. WHILE the most successful member of his family is sending the souls of men to Hades, working unnumbered woes to Europe, and subjecting England to ten millions of unne cessary taxation Prince Lucien Buonapart? is, we hear, staying in the north of England, for the purpose of translating tbo Song of Solomon into the dialect of Durham, and : intends, when he has accomplished that feat, to move into tho North Hiding and translate jtlie same composition into the dialect of Yorkshire. There are some facts which seem to breathe as trange air of quiet repijse when we hear them, they take us so. com pletely out of the busy world, which seeks without intermission to get profitor do some thing useful, They remind us that there are persons in the world who can afford to do thing3 in which the world has no concern. To think of Prince Lucien engaged in this occupation is like entering tho ivy-grown ruins of an abbey or monastery. We get at onco into a region of such preternatural calm and patient content. There is also a gentle emotion of won der added by the reflection that the per son enjoying this perfection of literary leisure js^a- princc,-anfr not'only a: .prince of the race of the turbulent G'orsican. It is a grand caprica, ar.d worthy of a man of an Imperial line. It is strange when a foreigucr attempts to translate any work at all into English; it is doubly strange that lio should select the Song of Solomon sis the test of his skill; but superlatives fail lis when we come to the strangeness of his wishing to translate the Song of Solomon first into the Durham aud then into the Yorkshire dialect. Let us for a moment picture to ourselves the late Duke of Sussex translating Ovid's Metamorphoses, first into Molvadian and then into Wallachian. Th6ra is something high-bred and ser?no iii the unexampled grandeur of uselessness attach ing to the Prince's project. Still, it is always something to "Jo anything whatever in the most perfect and extreme way in which it can be done. Prince Lucien Kuonarerto appears to us to te carrying tha delight of literary leisure to their highost point, "It is not easy to bo cmgaged in a literary work, and yet abstain entirely from the vulgarity ofmakin" some contribution to. literature. Aud yet any notion of work spoils the notion of leisure. In the days of the Irish famine there was a gentleman who offered a starving Irishman eighteen pence a day to make a liola six feet every way, fill it up again, and then remake it. The Irishman gave up at | the end of the second day. He could not, although he was hungry, go on for ever at work that was no work-at an occupation | that, so far as results went, was perfect lei sure. But a prince lus a soul ecpifd tp the task. Prince Lucien will do the thing perfectly. Ho will fiU up his hole in Durham and dig" it again' in'Yorkshire without the slightest reluctance. 'If'we 'consider this translation of the Song of Solomon as the acme of literary pas time,' Vennd it perfect in three great points. In the first place, there is 110 hurry about finishing it. No publisher, 110 public, will lie urgent to see the task complete. There is no reason except the shortness of human life why a year should not be devoted to the 1 translation of each verse, -Vor will the value ? of the production be diminislied if the trans lation is half- iiiiishecl ' Halt' of tlic Sojhj oi Soloijioji in the Durham dialect i-;, surely as good as the whole. Tlijs u «u excellence which would atiash io hardly any other und,erfajuiwwhich the Prince could have set If he had attempted any more ordinary work, although lie might have been free from the entreaties of booksellers ami the impatience of readers, he would still have- been tormented by the wish not to leave undone what lie had begun, lint the beauty of translating the Soujj of Solomon into the Durham dialect is, that it makes 110 difference whether the whole of it is doue, or halt, or none. Supposing one day tho Prince trans lates a verse, nothing i* gained; suppose tho ,next day he t;0,;es ;* holiday, nothing is lost. In the first great requisite of a task of literary leisure- the abseuco of any motive or cause of hurry-the translation proposed by the Prince is unexceptionable, In the next place, there is a suldued and mild irony about the work, which lias its pleasant side. Of course there is nothing wrong in translating any portion of the I'ible into any dhiit-cs of humitn speech, and yet we cr,nnot forgot that the' Song of Salo mon lias been the theme of a guvit contro versy among commentatoro. Some Lave thought that the woman to whom it is ad dressed i« simply a Jewish maid-others tliivik she is allegorical of the Church. We do not know to which side of the dispute Prince Lucien leans; but let us snj>pK» k is probable, that he sees grer,t difhculties iii adhering unreservedly ^o eii.li.er, Ir, there not something comic in a person who doubts whether ike damsel of the song is ov. is not allegorical,' appealing to her iu a phrase which Mr 13rowd;e's authority assures us is pure Yorkshive ] " Cum whoam, telle', cum whoiHi." There is a sort of slight put on the commentators in their researches, their Dry asdust interpretations, and their mysterious symbolism, by using this laujjiage; and yet, as it is good Yorkshire, and Is a recognised form of human yjepch,' 110 ono can quarrel with the i'riuw for using it. It must give a lazy uau line teelings of pxssing satisfaction ta 'think of the game he is thus playing so innocently, lie gets lifted- into an easy sense of superiority. That the commenta tors are only shadowy people, larofi- aud really unconnected with, him. is quite in keeping with the true source of his enjoy ment. To. gratify a laint malice for absent people, to poke a sort of ghost of fun at the outside world, is about as strong an excite ment as is compatible with the languid in activity of the real literary lotus-eater. Lastly, there is an isolation about trans I lating the Song of Solomon iuto the dialects of Northern England, which must suit the wayward fancies of a literary recluse. _ To all very useless labour something of solitude rnnr.t uece:?ari!y attach. There is not much lotorferem'p on the part nf the world in an occupation by which the world cannot pos sibly benefit. But this translation of the Sons of Solomon takes us a little further than this. Wo have tried to rccollect the nearest approach to Prince Luciens produc tion iu point of utter uselessness that we have ever seen, and we can find none nearer than a translation made by a clergyman of the whole nf &wwn; Aymtisles into bad Greek iambics. The author had gone steadily through the whole poem, doing the dialogue into such iambics, and the choruses into such anaprests, as are done by :t con scientious hut stupid hoy of sixteen. This was useless; but its uselessness fell far short of that of Prince Lueien's trans lation. For the clergyman might have been a tutor, and have done the translation in order to practice himself; and boj"s set to translate the Agmstes might put the clergy man's version to a use-bad, hut still a use and crib from it; or a better scholar might derive from reading it the pleasure of think ing how much better he could have done it. But there are no such purposes to which the Yorkshire Song of Solomon can be turned. !no one can 'wish to steal from it, no one can wish to surpass it. Hie translator is abso lutely cut off from all sympathy and rivalry while translating it. This work cannot b'e of the smallest or most indirect use to any one. He is isolated ; he is placed apart from the hopes and fears, the good and the bad wishes, of mankind. What other literary occupation can fancy paint in which this solitary uselessness would be so complete and so inevitable ? There is a reproach cast on autliors of all kinds-and oil those generally who devote their hours to literature that they are grubs, bookworms, miser able, incapable pedants. The authors of the present day seem inclined to avoid this reproach by proclaiming themselves athletes, bravos, and sporting men. It is only by au accideut and under protest that they drop the sword or the fowling- piece to talce the pen and use the ink. We cannot rccoguise the absolute truth of cither representation of j literary life. Perhaps the latter is nearer reality than the former. According to these fancies, persons engaged in literature seem to us to enjoy and amuse themselves much like other people. But we do uot believe that the special notion of an author lias ever really sprung from the conduct of authors by pro fession, or, if it ever sprung from this source, it would long ago have died away, if it had not been recruited from a very dif ferent region. It is the man of liter ary leisure who gives a_ tangible form to the popular impression of an au-1 tlior. It is the man who is deeply immersed in boob, aud who can afford to be, occupied about them in a way that can do no possible good _ to any human bein", that realizes our highest occupation of literary pedantry. No_ poor man, no merely literary man, would think of translating the Song of Solomon into the Durham dialect. But this is within tho scope of the magnificent inu tility of prince. Thus not only does Prince Lueien enjoy in the highest degree a literary leisure which is free from hurry, has the zest of irony, and inspires a sense of solitude, but, in the language of his im perial relation, he embodies and represents a great! idea-that of utterly fruitless and purposeless authorship. -Saturday J'eiiieic, 