ROBERT HUNTER'S GHOST. It was a gusty night in spring. Two young indicB were seated over the firo in a small gitting room of a commodious mansion, listening to tho wind ob it boomed round iho solitary house and shook the shutters and rattled the window frames. One or them was tall and fair, looking all the fairer for her mourning diose, with handsome features, a calm blue eye, and a compressed lip. Ten or eleven week's ago the had been a high spirited blooming girl : since ihen, her gaiety had left her, and she wob worn to a skeleton. It was Mies Thornycroft. Her companion, a young lady who h»d cozno in to spend the evening with her, was not pretty, but an interesting girl, with mild hszel eyes and a pleasant cast of countenance. ' I'm sure if the ghost comes abroad at nil, it will be out on such a night as this,' remarked the latter. 'GhoslB are said to favor windy weather.' ' Don't joke about it, Annie,' exclaimed Mies Thornycroft, with a perceptible ahadder. , ' I was not exactly joking : I believe I Faid it half in belief. But, of course,'' added Annie, after a pause, 'seriously speaking and Ihinkiug, there it no truth in it. You cannot possibly think there is.' 'Havo you Eecn my brother Isaac to-day, to spe»K 10 1' was ina rpjoinaer 01 auh Thornycroft 'No.' ' Or perhaps he might have told you. Though I don't know that he would. He saw it last ni^ht' ' NonsenEe 1' uttered Annie. ' Ab I So I exclaimed when others have as ?erted that they eaw it. But Isaac Is bo calm and cool : there's not a shade of imaginative feeling or superstition about him : ho is the very laet ? save, perhaps, Richard — to be led nw«y by fears or fancies. Listen, Annie. Lait nipht I was drink ing lea at ilra Uonnaught's, and I had made Isaac promise to fetch me home — for, to confess tho truth, after all that has happened, and especially these last few days when these superstitious re ports have been prevalent, I do not relish being abrond after nightfall with only servunts. He oame at leu o'clock, and I noticed he seemed ab sent and silent. Once Mrs Connauzht addressed him three limes before he answered : 0. remarkable thing for Iwac who is naturally merry. We came away. Iu passing the churchyard, this corner ol it, near the waste land, where the graves are thick, Isaac slackened his pace, and walked with his head turned sidowajB. 'What, are you looking for amongst the gravestones?' I asked. '' b'or Hunter,' he replied. And do you know, Annie, though I was then really thinkiog of poor Uoberi and of this horrible report about his spirit, I»aao's words gave me a shock, and I bold his arm tiehtof. ' Jiavy Anne,' he went on, ' I saw him tc nigM-' . _ . ... . ? ? I squc-zed eloper to Isaac, closer stilvihenl paw Iho grave anxiety ol hid face, for that tcld ma he was not joking. Ho eontiumd : ''Ifevnr I saw Hunler In my life, I saw him lo-night in this churchyard, close to his own grave. I saw him, Mary Anno, every feature of his face, as plainly as we see the gravestones at this moment' ''How did it look!' Ishnodered. 11 'It looked aa hu looked in life: as he must have looked when he was shot down, the h^t over the brow, and that remarkable coat on : just as ? those describe who profess to have seen it. Now I kuow that I am not one to be deceived by ghostly f.mcics, Maiy Anne, and I was staggered. I ran back to tho gats nnd searched the churchyard all over, but I saw uo more of it.' ' Miss Thorny croft ceased, and her hearer trem bled. 'Do you think he could have been de ceived ?'' the'whispored. 'No, Annie, I do not. When a cool, collected man, like my brother Ifaac, dispassionately asserts such a thing, added to the terrified assertions of others, I, at least, believe that there must be some dreadful mystery abroad, supernatural or other wise.' ' How in the wot Id shall I go home to-night with only Sarth?' exclaimed Mips Annie, in a dis mayed tone. 'I shall never pass that church yard.' The two young ladies eat on, over the fire, con versing in dread and doubt. Gradually Ihe.y relapsed into silence, listening to the sighing wind, and suffering (heir imaginations to roam on the raarvellouB. About half-past eight one of them Bppke. It wa9 Misa Annie. 'What can have become of Sarah? My aunt was nut well, and said she should send her at eight o'clock at the latest.1' Scarcely were, the words uttered, rrhen that per sonage entered in a most remarkable manner. A respectable maid servant, galling on for forty. Stic hnngiu to the ^oor behind her and sat down in an arm chair, in tho preeenee of tha young ladies. ' Sarah !' uttered her young mistre33, in a re proving tone. ' Ay, you mny well stare, young ladies, but I can't stand upon no forms nor respects ju^t now. I don't know whether my senses ia here or yonder. There's ihe gho^t at this blessed moment in the ohurcbyard!' Annie Fcceamed, and caught hold of Miss Thorny, croft. The latter spoke, turning deadly pale. 'Your imagination has deceived you, Sarah.' 'If anything has deceived me, it's my eyes,' re torted Sarah, reully too much flustered to stand upon forms ; ' but they never did yet, miss. When it struck eight, missis oalled out to me, from the parlor, to come after Miss Annie. I thought I'd finish my ironing first, which took me another quarter of an hour ; and then I put my blanket and things away, and off I come. I was a shutting the hou3e-door when I heard master's voice a sing ing after me, and back I went, into the parlor. 'Is it coals, pir?' I asked. 'No, it's not coals,' says master, aifd I saw by his mouth he was after a bit of nonsense, ' it's to tell you to take care of the ghost.' 'Oh bran Ihe ghost,1 says I, 'it, had better not come anigh me, I'd knock it down as soon as look at it.' And so I would, young ladies,' added Sarah, ' if I got the chance.1' 'Go on, go on,' eagerly interposed Mary Anne Thornycroft, ' I come right oa to the churchyard,' continued Sarah, ' and what we had been a s-aying made me turn iny eyes on to it as I pnssed. Your.g ladies,' phe added, drawing her chair near to them and dropping her voice mysteriously, 'if you'll be lieve me, there stood Robert Hunter. He wan close to that big tombstone of old BLirley '*, at this end of the churchyard, not three yards from his own grave.' 'Oh, Sarah !' exclaimed Mi.°s Thornycroft, 'do you not Ihink your sight — your fears — played you false I It may havo beou through talking of him.' ' Miss, I hadn't got no fears, so they couldn't have done it. No, I saw him. And I'd take a oath of it, aa solemn as I took it at the crownei'a inquest. It warn't many steps away from me : you know old Marley's grave : there was nothing but the ditch and the low hedge be tween us. There be stood, his features aa plain as ever I flaw 'em in my life, and that uncommon coat on. which I am sure wns never made for anybody but aGuyPawkes.' ' You were frigbteaed, then,' exclaimed Annie. 'I wapnot exactly frightened, but I won't deny thnt I felt a creepishness all over me, and I'd hiive given half-a-crown oat of my pocket if any human creature had but come up to bear me com pany.'' ' Did you epcak toil?1' \- 'I don't know but I might have had tho courage, j but it didn'c give ma no time. The minute it saw ' me looking at it, it glided away among the gravestones, as if nnking off for the back of the church. I made off too, aa fapt as my j legs would briug me, and I come right in here to you, instead of to the kitchen, for I knew my torgue must let it out, and I thonght it might be better for you to hear it than tli«m BSrVBIlt'.' ' Quite right,' murmured Mi-s Thorn.Tcroft. '1 mver did believe iu ghosts,' added Sarah, 'anymore than Id believe in drcami', and f och wishy- washy iraeb, and I never believed in Uuntci'V. but Til uot ridiculo 'em after thisn ght. Poor wrelch ! it can't rest quiet in its grave. It may want to deuounce its murderer.' With the last words Miss Phornycioft was taken with a violent fit of shaking. ' I cannot bear this,' she wuiled. 'I cannot bear it. If this horror ia to continue, I must leive the neighborhood.' How were tho two to go home, and pass the churchyard ? Annie declared with a shudder she. would uot, and Sarah did not particularly urge it. Only women-servants were in the hon.°e, none of whom would feel inclined to es'ort tnem, and risk the ghost ; so tticy remained ou, vaiting till one of the young Mr Thornycrofts should come in. But between nine and ttn, Captain Copp made his appearance in hot anger, shaking his stick, and stamping his wooden leg at Sarah. ' Had the vile huspy taken up her gossiping quarters at the Red Court for the night ? Did she tnink ? ' 'I could not get Miss Annie away,' interrupted Sarah. ' The ghost's in the churchyard. I saw it as I came along.' The sailor captain was struck dumb. One of Aw womankind avow belief in a ghost! He had seea a mermaid himself, but ghosts were fabulous monsters, fit for nothing but marines, and they who said they saw 'em wanted a taste of tho yard arm. '1J0 not talk bo, nncle,' interrupted Annie. ' It is Robert Hunter's spirit. Isaao Thornycroft saw it last night.' ' Htow away your ignorance, Mies Annie,'' com manded the captain. ' A parson's lass avow be lief in a ghost ? ho, ho, hoi I'll send you homo to him to-morrow. I told the eoroner I would at the inquest, but now I will. Shameful !'' striking away at his wooden leg. 'Get your things on. I'll ttach you to see rubbishing ghosts.' ' It 'a my opinion ghosts is rubbish and nothing bettpr,' chimed in Sarah, 'for I don't see tho good of 'em, but this was Robert Hunter's, for all that. I saw his face and his eyes, as sure as ever I saw my own in the ulass. I dou't say I saw his legs, for they was hid by the hedge and the tombstones, but I saw that precious white coat of Mb, _aud the ugly fur on it. He was buttoned up in it, like ho used to bo, in life. Master, you can't a^y as ever I believed ia this tale afore to-night.' 'You credulous sea-serpent!' exclaimed the captain to his servant. ' And that same white coat lying now in the tallet at the Mermaid, covered with blood, just as it was took off bis body ! Ugh ! fie upon you.' 'if there's apparitions of bodies, there maybe apparitions of coats,' answered Sarah, between whom and her master there was always a struggle who should have the last word, to the exceeding oxasperation of the choleric rfut really gocij. hearted merchant captain. '? I'm as sure that it had get that coat on us I am that your log'* off, master.' Away pegged the captain in his rage, scarcely allowing himself to say good night to Mias Thoruycrofr, and Annie and her attendant flew after him, the latter clasping light hold of him. As they neared the church-yard — in turning .off from the path, leading from the Ked Court, p»Bt a piece of ground called the waste land, you pome sharp upon it — Annie, in sickening terror, in spite of her uncle's mocking assurance that a parson's daughter should be upon vieiting terms with a churebyard ghost, clung close to him, and hid her face on his arm, trssting to him to guide her steps. The captain had a great iniud (he avowed it afterward?) to guide her into ihe ditub, believing that a ducking would bu a panacea for all ghostly terrors ; but at that mo ment Sarah, who was a step in the rear, leaped for ward, and clung violently to hU ooat tails. 'There!' £he ciied. in a Rlirill w}iisner. hnfnro the astonished gentleman could give wity to his toweting indignation, ' there it is again, next to Marley'jj tomb! Now, master! iB thut the coat or not?' They turned their eyes in the direction of the churchyard, even Annin, aa if impullcd by an irresistible fascination. It was too true. Within a few yards of them, in the dim. moonlight — for tha moon, wutery and not long risen, gave but a feeble light— 'iippeared the well known form of the ill fated Robert Hiinter ; the very man whose man gled body Oaptai'i Copp had helped to lay in the grave, having followed as a mourner at his funeral. ? ? . , The captain was considerably, taken aback : had never been half eo much so before an unexpected iceburg: his woodeu lug dropped submissively down std hia mouth flaw. open. Ho had the keen eye of a seamin, nnd ho saw beyond doubt that the spirit before him was indeed that of Robert liunter. Report rai in the village -afterwards that the gallant captain would have made off, but could not rid himself from the grasp of his com panion?. ?? jj..ttlo! you sir!' he called out presently, re membering that in that vile Sirnh'it presence hia reputation for courage wns at stake, but there was considerable deference, not to say timidity, in his tone, ' what is it you want, appaaring there like a figure- head ?' The ghost, however, disappeared, vanishing into air, or behind the tombstones ; and the captain lost not a moment, but tore away faster than he b&d; ever done since the MquL-ition of hia wooden leg, Annie sobbing convulsively on his arm, and Sirab hanging on to his coat-tails. A minute alterwarda Uity met Isaac Thoruycroft, coming from the direction of the Tillage. 'Take these. screeching sea-gulls home for me,' cried the Bailor to Isaac. ' I'll go down to the Mermaid, and with my own eyes see if tho coat is there. Some lnDd-lubbcr's playing u trick, and has borrowed Hunter's lacs and stole the coat to act it in.' 'Spare yourself the trouble,' rejoined young Mr Thornycroft. ' I have come straight now from the Mermaid, and the coat is there. We have been looking at it but this instant. It is uuder the straw in the room over the 'stable, doubled up and stiff, having dried in the folds.' 'I should like to keelhaul that ghost,' cried the discomfited captain. 'I'd rather have ssen ten mermaids.' Isaac Thornycroft drew Annie away and sup ported her himself. The captain walked on drat, and Sarah kept in close proximity to him. Isaac took care to widen the dista nee between himself and them, ond then stole his arm round Annie's waist, and so held her up more efficiently. But, sobbing and terrified as ehe wa3, she yet shrank away from him, -' Annie,' he whispered, 'how is this? Why is it? Let me have an explanation this night : now, at once. For several weeks you havo shunned me.' 'Is there not a cause why I Bhould shun you ?'' wns hev answer. ' I think I will epeak out,' sho added, in agitation. 'I must speak out : but only to you. Iaaao Thornycroft., have you ao dark crime upon your cOnsoicnoe ?' '1 a dark crime !!' he echoed. 'A dark, heavy crime,' she went od, 'the worst and most cruel thatman can commit on man, the same which fitained the hand of Caiu ? Mind! I have been silent to tho rest of the world ; I will be eilent : but the truth must lie between us.' 'No, on my soul!' hi vehemently answered. 11 Peccadilloes I may commit in plenty, but of such Climes my conscience is clear. Explain yourself, Annie.' ' That night ; that dreadful night — oh Isaao, I have never breathed it beyoud my lips— I thought ? that — man — who- ran on to the plateau, waa 'Say on, child,' he prompted, and hut for Annie's agitation she might have noticed the sad tone, quiie devoid of surprise, in which the words wore f poken — ' say on.' ' Like you, Isaac,' she shivered. 'You wero mistaken,' was hia reply. 'My hands will never bo red with such a crime. It is against my nature.' 'It was so like you,' 6he resumed, in a whisper. ' Though I had but a momentary look before I fainted.1' 'I wns not there,' he repeated. 'I swear it to you.' ' Oh, whit a relief !'' she murmured, ' what a' relief !' Then, us a sudden thought seemed to strike her, sho spoke again, in a more hushed tono \--' Was it Riohurd ? You are alike in figure.' 'Annie,' ho rejoined, in a reproving, but a solemn tone, ''lotmuot tell you. It is an inquiry which neither you nor I do well to dwell upon, which we have no right to pursue. Let the con sciousness of our own innocence tuflico for us,' ? 'The knowledge of yours will euflice for me,' ehe answered. 'Siuco that night I hufo been most^wrololied,' '?' You need not have distressed yourself,' waa the reply of Mr Tbomycroft. ' If my hand w ire stained with red, I Flioiild break with you, boo ter thin you could wi'.-i mf\ Whatever el?e a m u- deror may cove!, let him keep clear of wife end children.'' Wba'ever suspicion Isaac Thornycroft may havo had, it was uot his (dace to denounce his hro'her Richard. He did Eti«pect him. And he luspected also that Cyril was mixed up with it, else why keep ont of the way ? Isaac was not a cruel man, or one devoid of conscience. Ho had many cstimabla qualities: though it is true he cheated her Miijesty'a revenue, asd thought it glorious fun. Richard had not mude him his confidant ; and pat the question deliberately to him, Isaac would not ; but the uncertainty had long worked painfully within him. Thus talking, they reached the house of Captain Copp, and the captain pressed Isaac to enter, and introduced his brandy. There they sat, discust-iog what they had seen and heard, tho captain telling his taie, and Sarah telling hers, to the intense horror of Mm Copp, who had the bump of marvel atrnagly de veloped, and who declared ehe would never go up to bed alone again. Meanwhile, Mary Anne Thornycroft was in a slate of mind bordering on distraction. She had never believed in ghosts — as children say — would have ridiculed the very idea. Yet she knew that Robert Hunter was dead and buried, and how ie concile that fact with this mysterious account of his reappearance? Sho had paid little attention to the tirst reports, that Hunter's spirit had been seen, for she knew how prone the ignorant are to supernatural tales, but the moment her brother Isasc imparted to her the fact that he had seen it with his own sensible, dispassionate eyes, n sickening conviction flashed over her that it was his spirit And now was ended tho testimony of the matter-of-fact Sarah. Mary Anne Thornycroft had been attached to Robert Hunter; a tacit engagement had existed bctweoa them ; but, stronger even than the grief ar.d regrfit sho had felt at his untimely fate, was the fearful dread , that overpowered her for her brother Richard, lest he should be discovered, and brought to punishment — tried, condemned, executed ! Tha words of Sarah — 'Perhap3 it wants to denounce its murderer'— rang ia her ears like a knell. An she sat then', trembling, Richard entered. Had he seen the ghost? He looked as if he had. His damp hair hung about in a black mas3, and his face and lips were ghastly as Hunter's. His sister gazed at him with surprise : the always self possessed Richard ! ? ' Have you come now irom tne village r bub asked. ?' From that way.' 'Did you look into the churchyard as yon passed it?'1 ' Yes,'' was the laconio reply. ' You know what they say : that his spirit ap pears there.' 'I have seen it,1' was Richard's unexpected answer. Misa Thornycroft started up. ' Oh Richard 1 When?' 'Now : as I came by. There's no mistake about ita being Hunter, or some fool made up to perE8« uate him.' 'It has taken away your color, Richard.' Richard Thornycroft did not reply. lie sat wi'.n his elbow on his knee, and his chin rating on hia hand, looking into the fire. Mary Aunc resumed, in a low, Orm tone, ' Richard, if you will accompany me for pro tection, I will go aud see this spirit, I will a k what it wants. Let us go now.' ' You !' he somewhat contemptuously exclaimed. ' I will steel my nerve3 aud heart to it. I havo been striving to do so for the last half hour. Better for me to hold communion with it thin any one else, save you. You know why, Richard.' ' Tush I' he exclaimed. '? Do nothing. You'd faint by the way.' 'It is necessary for 'he honor and sifety of— of —this house,'' ehe urged, not caring to speak more pointedly, 'that no stranger should heir what it wants. I will gi now. If I wait till t- morrow my courage may Ian. Y/ou aro not afraid !'' For answer, Richard rose, and they left the room. Aa tUey passed through the hill. Mary. Anne threw on her woollen Ehuwl and garden bou neJ, which wero haogi:i£? there, and they started. Not a word was spokeu till they reached !he corner of the cburb'iyard. The high, thicket hedge ou the side fusing them, as they advano- d oa to it, prevented their Boeing into it, but thty would soon come in front, whore it wou'd bo pla'ni. ' 'Sou stay here/Richard,' whispered Miss Thorny crofti ' I will go on ajone.' 'No,1' he began, but sho peremptory inter- rupted him. : 'I will havo it so. If I am to go on with thia, I will be alone. You cm keep me within sight.' And Richard acquiesced, probably ujthiug loin, for the ghost could not have been an agreeable sight to him. ? ? : ? . (To be cniiinved.)' 