COUNTRY DISTRICTS. (From our own Correspondent ) OATLANDS, July 19 LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF "CAMPBELL'S FREE CHURCH" OF SCOTLAND. It may be as well to premise that about this time last year, the Free Church edifice here was reduced to a pile of ruins upon the occasion of the Island being visited by an almost universal inundation which produced many disastrous effects in various parts. Since then all that has been done has been the razing of the remains of the former structure, and the making and maturing of the necessary arrangements for erecting a more sub- stantial and comely one. The noon of Wednesday last, was the time appointed for laying the Foundation Stone. The weather was charming and genial in the extreme. About one hundred spectators assembled to witness the interesting and special ceremony, several ladies being of the group. Shortly after the sun had reached his meridian, the Rev. John Downes, the Rev. W. Nicolson, (of Hobart Town) the Rev. James Lindsay, (of Launceston) the Rev. Lauchlin Camp-- bell, (of Oatlands) George Wilson Esq., John Wilson Esq., George-Wilson Esq., junr., Mr. Thomas Littlechild, Mr. W. Exton, and Mr. Thomas Burbury, mem- bers of the active building committee, ap- peared on the spot. The Rev. L. Campbell opened the de- votional services by reading a Psalm, which was sung by the assembly. The Rev. J. Lindsay followed by engaging in prayer, succeeded by the Rev. W. Nicol- son, who read in his usual impressive manner Psalm CXXXII. Tho Rev. W. Nicolson then said he would read copies of the parchment docu- ments which had been placed in the bottle, with the coins, and newspapers of the Colony to be deposited at the founda- tion. The former document being the following : " Glory to God the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. Amen. This house named '' Campbell Free Church," has been built by contributions from the friends and ad- herents of the Free Church of Scotland, in Tasmania, under the auspices of the Rev. Lauchlin Campbell, Minister of the congregation. This Stone was laid by the Rev. James Lindsay, Moderator of the Free Church Presbytery of this Island, on the 17th day of October A.D. 1854, and the 18th Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. There were present the Rev. Lauchlin Camp- bell, of Oatlands,the Rev. James Lindsay, of Launceston, the Rev. W. Nicolson, of Hobart Town. The Building Committee are Messrs. George Wilson, Senr., George Wilson Junr., John Wilson, John Little- child, Joseph McEwan, Charles Maddon, Henry Coop, William McLeish, N. A. Woods, Thomas Burbury, James Brock, J. M. Gray, and W. Exton. The Trustees are Messrs. Andrew Mitchell, George Wilson, and James Brock. The site is the generous and free gift of George Wilson Esq., of Mount Seymour. Architect Mr. Frederick Thomas. The second document was in substance as follows :-" This Church, in the Foun- dation Stone of which, this and the accompanying documents are deposited, has been erected in consequence of the insufficiency and downfall of the former edifice, the Foundation Stone of which has been laid on the 17th day of October 1854\. Not long after the completion of the said former edifice, doubts began to be entertained of its stability, and those doubts were certified and confirmed in little more than two years, from the time of its being finished, when during a storm of wind and rain, the greater part of the lower fell down, on which occasion the building was so shaken, and exhibited such signs of insufficiency as to render it inexpedient to attempt any repairs. It was therefore resolved to build another Church from the foundation. The Foun- dation Stone of this second building was laid on the 13th day of July 1859, by George Wilson Esq., of Mount Seymour, the generous donor of the site. On which, occasion all the Ministers of tho Pres- bytery of the Free Church of Tasmania were present, and took part in the pro- ceedings. Trustees, Messrs. G. Wilson, A. Mitchell, J. Brock, T. Burbury, and T. Littlechild. Architects, Messrs. David- son and Spong, Hobarton." After the reading of these papers.Goorge Wilson Esq., Senr., uncovered and in a tone of much solemnity and emotion said. " I lay this Foundation Stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The Rev, Moderator then stepped upon the stone and addressed the people. He said it was a solemn and interesting occasion. Some might require to be told what meant that service.They had met today to lay the foundation of a future house of God, sacred to his worship, for the preaching of the gospel, for the exhibition of Gospel observances and ordinances of divine grace, They had met for an object too of special interest and sympathy. It was to light up a new star in the Christian firmament. It was an additional object of interest arising from a mysterious but holy providence of God, which had lad low and made useless the former place consecrated to His worship and honor. Let them however exercise submission to the Will of Jehovah, and they would rejoice should this providence be the means of bringing out more truth, more spirit, and it may be some munifi cent instances of the effect of the Gospel. The bow of Christ could be seen in, the dark cloud, but lined with the bright eye of mercy. The occasion on which they had met was likewise to perpetuate an historic Church. It was the practice of episcopacy to speak of episcopacy, of methodism to dwell upon methodism, and of all christian sects to speak of their own particular communities or denominations. He loved the remark of the celebrated D'Aubigne to the good and great Dr. Chalmers, " I love an historic Church." They had assembled there to perpetuate the christian religion. That religion which was whispered in Paradise, and which spread till the reformation dawn. He conscientiously and scrupulously en- dorsed the Church of the first and second reformation. They stood and hoped to stand in the light of the reformation. They were the legatees present and the trustees of tho future, and formed the connecting link the one and the other, He trusted the foundation would be worthy of the Free Church. He trusted there would be much of God's power in the pulpit, and much piety and devotion in the communion and in the pews, which would transmit to generations unborn their glorious, trophies and results. He would say that Scotchmen in their re- ligious peculiarities were in Tasmania what they were at home, no thought that this banner should be unfurled in Tasmania, which was unfurled in the land of the mountain and the flood. He trusted that the officers of the Free Church in Oatlands would bo faithful and deeply imbued with the solemn trust imposed upon them. He trusted that a few only should be required to bear the burden of the Church's affairs ; all should do the ut- most in their power for the stability and welfare of their Churches. Let there be felt responsibility, and complete individu- alism. Act therefore upon the glorious principle of christian personal responsi- bility, and remember that the smallest effort would not be lost. Each wavelet on the ocean aided the flood to grow. It was for the great cause of Christ's flowing river they had met to-day, and that each christian might be a witness for Christ's crown and covenant. Let it not be sup- posed that because he had been speaking of his own Church for our connection, that he disregarded other christian bodies, for he was with all such, and felt deeply in- terested in their prosperity and welfare. The Rev. speaker concluded an eloquent and touching address of which the forego- ing is only a meagre outline, by feelingly delivering the benediction. The assembly then dispersed, highly edified by the interesting engagements. Messrs Johnson and Scott, both of this district, are the building contractors. . AHMTUATION CASE. Thô Court-house hero was pretty "well filled on Saturday, to hear tho statements pro and con between Mr. Thomas Burbury and Mr. Jackson J. P. of Ross, respecting a largo number of sheep alleged to havo died or been lost belonging to the former gentleman, through tho neglect of Mr. Jackson's shepherds. ? Tho case being one of extreme intricacy, and involving a great variety of conflicting opinions, it was mutually agreed to refer tho investigation to tho arbitrament of Messrs Vallentine (chairman,) Tabart,und Tonkin J. P.'s. Mr. Pitt appeared for Mr. Burbury, and Mr. Roberts for Mr. Jackson. A number of witnesses was examined on each side. The learned gentlemen for the parties to tho arbitra- tion ably addressed the arbitrators upon* tho evidence adduced. The chairman stated that the arbitrators would mako their award in a week. The subject of tho inquiry awakened a tvery largo amount of interest especially among flock-owners. Tlio arbitrators have since met in Ho 'bart, and an award, given by Messrs Tonkin andTabart (Mr. Vallentine dis- senting as to amount) in favour of Mr. Burbury. 