THE RETOKT. I (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser,") bir,-«xou are really very good at s.ucasra ; the licnvy cutting up stylo you evidently consider your forte. You have a paper, too, and, conse quently, can write what you please; and what you lay down must please the "ignoble outsiders. You have had considerable experience as an editor, and know, all the tricks of trade. " Pressure on our' space," "arrival of the English news," and twenty other excuses are at bidding when you have an object or a friend to serve. With regard to my late letter about Mr. Mollison I really give you credit for discerning my object in pressing for publication. I wanted to have the matter in print before the Hon, Chief Secretary, to assist him in reading the original. You baulked me. It was very clever. You aro a little savage attlie statement that you had suppressed my (irst letter. So you did; but all for my good. Wretched man, I have not the grace to thank you : in fact I should have preferred publication, then any remarks you, might have chosen to make'would, as you may see, be less open to objection. I never intended you to be the judge in my dispute .with Mr. Mollison, but rather the public. You charge me with spleen. I retort the charge upon your friend tlieWarden. Didhe notoncecharge upon me certain articles on the sludge question which were offensive to him--are'they the cause of spleen ? He it is, and not I, who has been actuated by passion. It is said I sometimes talk " fast," but you, Sir, know I seldom write fast. When sub-editor of the AnvmiTisEa, and, subse quently, editor of the M'luor News {one proprie tary), you are aware I never used the columns of cither paper to gratify a private spite. Why should I change my habit now, when I have less oppor tunity-less power ? I do not vent my spleen on this puffed-up' official, as you insinuate. I attempted to return an insult-one offered for private motives, but touching the entire class to which I belong. Why did Mr. Mollison dare, when I was ten yards away, after doing my business with him, to call me back and have his sneer at me ? He called me back, and I returned. " Mr. Ilea,'' said he, sticking his thumbs up in his waistcoat, " perhaps you will be kind enough to tell all the other articled clerks you know." THs bit of gilt lace absolutely was so impertinent as to call me back to say this! What wonder then that I should complain to the public through you, and say, when referring to his sneer, that " his coun tenance needed no sneer to draw its beauties out." Had I thought of anything more venomous, I would have written it; for, to use a saying which," if ycu remember it, may serve you when in a venomous tune (you sometimes are afflicted.) " When I meet a snarling dog, I always throw the hardest stone I can find.'' Why should you protect this erring Warden from my wrath? Why spread over him your saving scissors, when others equally meritorious are mercilessly handled by yourself and your cot respondents ? If you think this delicate in sinuation incorrect, I refer you to the columns of the ADVKRTISEH. Mr. Mollison is your angel paragon of Wardens, and according to some of your articles, not a month old, the best defender of the miners' interest. Mr. Anderson, whom you condemned unsparingly-outrageously, be cause he had the misfortune to be a Governor's nephew, and, what is as bad, young, basks under the light of your countenance. Mr. Alley has not yet been ''matriculated," and Mr. Lowtiier, some other body's nephew, Is allowed to come within less than a mile of Giant Despair without the ghost of a " Fee fa fum, I smell a new Warden. Let's have a whet at him." By-the-bye, most immaculate Editor, in attack ing me, you forgot the matter of public interest mentioned in my letter. Your pet refused the attornej' for the objectors to leases 118 at-d lo3 copies of their owii objections-objections not depositions, as he calls them, which were sent not to the Chief Secretary, but to the Resident Warden, in compliance with the latest batch of Leasing Regulations. The cases are advertised for hearing,- and the attorney and counsel for the objectors (miners, mark ye) arc tt> go into court blindfolded; but the Editor of the BBNDIQO AD VERTISER does not express any opinion. Better not-it might be offensive somewhere. JAMES REA. _ [ lltli.October, 1859. [Since Mr. Rea will insist m placing himself in the pillory3 so be it. Everyone to his taste.-Ei>.] 