HOW THE MONEY GOES. [From the Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion.] Statistics are furnished in great abundance in the I " Civil Contingencies," and most suicidal a great many of these are. Take a batch as to the special missions. Gladstone's wild goose chase after black j swans in the Ionian Islands cost £2,185 14s. 9d. ; observe the fractional exactitude of the ninepence. Is it ominous of the war ninepence income-tax, against which the right hon. financier made such a protest three years ago ? Besides this his " entertainment" cost another £153 5s. Then to make him Commissioner Extraordinary cost £28 12s. ; while to convert him from Commissioner Extraordinary to Lord High Commissioner cost £22 16s. 6d. ! Sir W. Gore a Ouseley'has already had £4,500 for settling the Central American question, the unsettlement whereof seems to be the unquestionable thing about it. The omnivorous Sir Henry Bulwer has had £2,500 for his trip to the Danubian Principalities, which he has left-as he has invariably done everything and place he has put his foot in-far worse than he found them. He took part in one of the three abortive special missions as to the Treaty of Paris in 56 ; - charge £8,500 the said peace being a burlesque on the war that led to it, and the treaty itself practically blotted out ere the ink was dry. We may he sure that his present exploits in Turkey, whither it COst £2,700 (besides " entertainment ") to transport him, will be of a piece with his performance there 20 years ago, when he managed to ruin the commerce of the Porte under the pretence of promoting it. Stratford de Redcliffe took it into his head to go see the | Sultan the other day what for nobody knows, the last of the Othmans less, perhaps, than anybody :- English taxpayers are charged £1,700 for the junket ting, besides another £500 for further entertain- ment." The King of Portugal took it into his head to tie the matrimonial noose the other day, and the Garter was conveyed to him per the Marquis of Bath cost £1,391 4s. 7d. with £439 3s. 4d. for the letters patent making him a K.G. Of course at his Majesty's expense ? Of course nothing of the kind. In no veins containing one drop of German blood is there the magnanimity of indifference to money and accordingly Bull, the golden calf, is vampirised as usual. Elgin's mission to China cost £1/,500, and was cheap at the money, there being very little for " entertainments." But entertainments " all through these hills are the reverse of amusing, save on the score of the impossibility of reconciling them with any rule of reason, or any reasonable rule. We find a King-Lord John Russell's " phantom King," though he doesn't appear to be much of a ghost in the devouring line-his Mosquito Majesty was entertained in Her British Majesty's ship Valorous for a I couple of guineas, whereas to entertain the King and Queen of the Sandwich Islands on board the Vixen, for much the same time, cost £141 2s. What episcopal Nemesis is it that always causes the entertainment of bishops to come off in ships with names the most repugnant to missions of peace and self-denial. Here we find the Bishop of Victoria entertained on board the Fury and the Bishop of Gibraltar on board the Vulture. What's in a name may signify little to the countrymen of him who drew Romeo and Juliet, but it may signify much to the savage to whom those countrymen send emissaries of the old I faith and new life. However, this may he but a trifle, though trifles are sometimes ponderous, as we find in the present item of £2,398 2s. 6d. for robes, collars, badges, etc, for knights of the several orders ; although we are always told that the benighted individuals are nearly garotted with the expenses of their expenditure. But that is nothing to this-namely, £5,559 15s. 1d. Observe the penny ! What for? Why, for putting in order the chapel at St. James's on the occasion of the Prince of Prussia getting £40,000 cash down, and £6,000 a year, on which condition he agreed to take a certain young English lady off our hands. Here a few more amazement. of astounding arithmetic. The pardon of Carlo Radio, the Orsini bombs individual, cost £22 18s. 6d. The two French officers who accompanied the gun lately presented to the I Queen by the Emperor of the French were themselves presented with two gold watches, at a cost of £60. The Queen's cost ? No ; we were told so at the time ; but it turns out that the ever-to-he-phlebotom- ised public is the victim. Here's an item that forms a nice adjunct to the foregoing probably this is the last year ever anything of the sort will figure ! here again, namely, " second moiety of the expense I incurred for preservation of monuments erected in the new church at Waterloo to the memory of British officers who fell in that battle, £500." Again, a Buonapartean souvenir £120 to Sir John Burgoyne for going to Paris to deliver the funeral car of Nap. 1 to Nap. 3; Sir John then coming home and telling us that Nap. 3 intends to furnish us all with a necessity for funeral cars to wit, hearses, in the twinkling of a coachmakers' hammer. Here's a curious souvenir also of old wars " Amount granted for distribution among the three surviving daughters of the late P. Shakerly, an American seaman, who was killed in an attack made by Her?) Majesty's ship Leopard, on the United States frigate Chesapeake, in 1807, £500.' Why an enemy should he thus dealt with it is rather I bewildering to guess, and why the dealing should not be known till fifty-two years had elapsed, is yet more astonishing. But wonderful are all ways Governmental, and it is no use trying to understand them. Perhaps being the most enlightened people on the earth, we ought to be content with the luxury of paying for them, which is just what our " governors " think too and when governors and the governed agree, wonderful indeed is their unanimity. 