Grand Complimentary Banquet to J. D. Wood, Esq., M,L-A,, and Alexander .Xeefer, Esq., It was a favourite saying otNapoleon or somebody else that'the only way to make a Briton fight was by putting- a ■roast of beet in the rear of his enemy, and that the grateful odour of the glorious joint would affect his ceastitu tion to such u degree that he wou*d go through fire and water to reach it, and soothe the cravings «4 his inner-man by luxuriating upon its choicest morsels. Be that as it mav, one thing is certain that no body of Britons every yet carried out any great public matter without first of all indulging in the pleasures of the table. Is it the elec tion of a Parish Beadle the neighbour ing ale house reaps a harvest; is it the election and inauguration of a full blown Lord Mayor we have a banquet at Guildhall ; is it the celebration of the carrying of a Reform Bill, or a Corn Law Bill, he what it may John Bull must feed over it, and as in duty bound the dwellers in this ultima thuti follow ing the good example <set them by their ancestors assembled in" great force last evening to do honour to the men of their choice, and while paying them a compliment console themselves for all their exertions by partaking of the good things of this life. In the course of our pilgrimage it has been our lot to attend many such social gathering?, but regarding the appliances at hand in this remote portion of the colony, we have rarely seen a table so well set nut as that which greeted our eyes at Host Murton's Empire Hotel last evening, and the Bill of Fare, (Ghost of Soyer, why did you not present yourself,) was all that man as a colonist could desire, verily an epicure might have luxuriated in it. Good eating requires good drinkine*. and on that siihjpnt; minA Host was fully prepared, the sparkling productions of France and Germany enlivened the hearts of his guests, and the more potent wins of Oporto added solidity to their feelings. The Chair was filied by R. Mellish, Esq., having for his right hand sup porter J. D. Wood Esq., ML.A., and on his left Alexander Keefer, Esq., M.L.A. About eighty gentlemen «at down the repast the names ot whom are as follows His Honor Judge Cope, Mr. John Ambrose, Mr. F. Brown, Mr. J. K. Brown, Mr. Bab tie, Mr. Chinese Interpreter, Mr. Batcheler, Mr. E. Burbank, Mr. Smith, Dr. Crawford, Mr. Clemenger, Mr. Ceughey, Mr. J. S. Clark, Mr. Cowan, Mr. E. Clarke, Mr. R. Craig, Mr. W. H. C. .Darvall, Dr. Dempster, Mr. Geo, Davis. Mr. Eld, Mr. Elliott, Mr. H. E. Grimes, - Mr. Gammon, Mr.Gruber, Mr. Graham Mr. J. H. Gray- Mr. G. W. Hender softj Mr. Howard, Dr. Hutchinson, Mr. Haig,. Mr. James Ingram, Mr. R. R. Jones, Mr. Kipling, Mr. Kerferd, Mr. J. Little wood, iVJ r. Lawrence Mr. McKenzie, Mr. MoCurdy, Mr. R. Muir, Mr. Martin, Mr. E. G. Mayne, Mr. Meers, A. L. Martin, Mr. Thos. W/oore, Mr. l\J. Monk, Mr. H. Nixon, Mr. Paton, Mr. Pendlebury, *Mv. S. H. Roberts, Mr. Ramsay, Air. Ransom, Mr. Rodgers, Mr. Shackell, Mr. Stewart, G. M. Smith, W. T. Jsmith, J. Scarlett, John Stevens, Mr. Tyrer, Mr. Taylor, W. Turner, R. Thompson, J. White, G. W. Withers, William Witt. Cum multis aliis whose names we could not learn in time for pross. The masticating proceeding having been gone through, the toasts of the evening were introduced by the Chair man, the first in order, being the " Queen," which was put by the Chair man in a few appropriate remarks, and was loyally responded to. The company sang the 1 National Anthem ' led by Mr. W. Turner, and any quantity of cheers were given for Her Majesty. The second • toast « Prince Albert and the Royal Family " was equally well received and acknowledged. The next toast given was the Army and Navy, and from the present probable necessity for their services excited great enthu siasm. Dr. Crawford replied to it in glowing terms, he thought that the Army and Navy of the present day exceeded by a long measure their predecessors, and should they unfortunately be required to go into action they would far excell the deeds of their ancestors, the cam paigns in the Crimea and India had sufficiently proved the quality of the British soldiers and Seamen, when wanted they would be found at their posts. He had belonged to the Navy himself and he felt a pride and pleasure in looking back to the time when he was one of those who manned the wooden walls of Old England. He was proud to respond to the toast. The name of the Navy should be dearer to us than even our gold. mines as it would protect not only our richly laden barques but also our homes our wives au'd families. [Take away our army and the nation would be like & vessel which had lost its rudder in a storm. Let our Navy be kept up for it was held in respect by every country. The Doctor after his eloquent and soul stirriDg remarks eat dotvn airidst vociferous cheering. Mr. F. Brown proposed this next toast and one which he felt sure would be cordially responded to, Jhe had only to mention the uante of Sir? Henry Barkley which was a {guarantee of a good reception. He would call upon all present to-fill a bumper to drink his health. v -The toast' "was drunk with cheeis, and the song "■FoV:fceY VioIIy good fellow." Mr. E. G. Mayne rose to propose the next toast, the toast of the evening, every gentleman thought he had the , best toast to propose, but he was of opinion that on this occasion lie stood first, he had the pleasant duty to per form of proposing a toast of " The Members for the-Ovens,"' (Loud and prolonged cheers.) The enthusiasm with which you have received this toast does not surprise me, being myself a lawyer I will not trespass on your time as the members being both barristers will doubtless be found capable ot giving you a sample of their eloquence. One of those gentleman had been tried for two years and taking his acts from first to last he dtd not think his equal conld be found in the House. The other member., Mr. Keefer his worthy colleague, he had personally known for a long time past and had always found him an able and upright; man, though he had frequently helds briefs in oppo sition to himself, he was happy to see him placed in nis present position as he believed that having- shown himself the right man in the small sphere in which i he had moved hitherto, he had no doubt 1 that in a larger field he would show himself to much greater advantage. ETe had great pleasure in proposing the health of Messrs. Wood and Keefer. The toast was most tremendously re ceived, cheers and enthusiasm gieeting it prodigiously, and was followed by-the song " They are Jolly good fellows.'' Sir. Wood, on rising, said, Mr. Chairman ■and 'Gentlemen ■ (here the I speaker was interrupted by a terrific t volley of cheers) it has been said that Beechworth was insolvent, after the turn out he had wittnessed this evening j he certainly believed it to be the fac£ J they must all file their schednles shortly, | and the sooner they got local insolvent I courts the better, such a dinner as had ! this evening been placed on the table: afforded a very hopeless look out for 1 them, but he did not think it showed they were-quite done up yet. If they had local insolvent courts the gentle-; man who would probably fill the posi tion of Commissioner in them was on his right, and should they have occasion to appeal to him he could not refuse their certificate on the ground of extravagance as he himself was a participator in it In looking round the room considering that Beechworth was said to be on the brink ot insolvency he was surprised to see so many gentlemen.assembled and the question naturally occurred coliiui, had a 1 the tickets been paid for ? On making the enquiry, however, he found they had been. It did not appear that Beechworth was altogether insolvent £s yet. He thanked them most kindly ! for the enthusiastic manner in which they had drank his health. He con | trasted the difference between his position as a defeated candidate at Brighton and a successful one on the Oveus, of the two he decidedly preferred the honorable post to which they had elected him. Considering that he had been twice rejected previous to offering •'himselfto this constituency he thought "they had conferred a high honor on him", in ' this present election he had used no unfair means, he h&tfjresorted; to no unworthy expediencies to secure his return, he had laid his opinions . before the electors in a straightforward manner, and to those opinions he believed he owed his suc cess. Sotae had objected to him at fii st as being too young, but he held the opinion that a man entering "public life was like an apprentice, if a man did not engage in public matters until lie was "40 years of age he would never learn his trade, but put him to it when he was young, and he would grow up to a knowledge of it. It was-the cninion of many, to use a'coloDial phi aso '<nat a man should make his pile befo.e he gave his time to public affairs, for his part he disagreed with that idea, he was a native born and he intended to live and die here, and therefore he thought the sooner he entered on the political horizon the better. In comiog forward as a member he had incurred pecuniary liabilities which he was not well able to bear. Mr. Keefer on the day of the declara tion of the Poll had referred to the probability ot his forming one of a .New Ministry, he was not desirous ot so doing, btit should no better man be available he should consider it his duty to accept office, he thought it was like a case of invasion, every man under such circumstances was bound to shoulder his musket and face the enemy. He thought it ridiculous that a member who had only taken his seat three or four weeks should, merely on account of his becoming one of a New Cabinet have to go back to his coustituents for re- election, He thought that four or five men were quite sufficient to carry on the business of the country, the Law Officers of the Crown had • not much to do beyond looking after min ing by-laws and Municipal affairs the remainder of their business was little He thought that any "man who had suc ceeded well in his practice would not grudge giving up a portion of his time to fill that office^- -A giant's strength was all very well in its place but for the giant to use it physically was tin manly. If called upon to fill <in office he would decline if his own inclinations were considered. Mr. Wood looked round the room and said that he saw before him gentlemen, most of whom had exerted tnemselves to procure his election^ and he had now great pleasure in sincerely thankinar them for their exn ertions. Some accused the colonists as being mere money grubbers but bad they- witnessed the sight of the num bers who throated the wharf at MeS bourne to1 welcome ihe arrival of these who risked their lives in the rescue of the' unfortunate survivors of the Ad • mella, and regarded the amount of money subscribed to reward 'hem, they would entertain a different opinion. Mr. Wood then proceeded to contrast the position of this country with others. Here we had no national debt, we had nothing to press us down, . but we had belore us a glorious future. He alluded to the downfall of Franco i to which opportunity bad been offered of becoming-a free nation,'but which, from its inhabitants not koowing how to use the liberty they had acquired, was. now almost enslaved; the power of liberty was now in -„ur bands, and it was our duty to look well that we pre served it. He felt proud of the position he held, nearly two thousand men had voted for him. and from' that fact he stiould be stimulated to act in the right, and' should he do anything wrong :it I would be an.error of the .head and not of the heart. (Loud ■ and prolonged cheers.) Mr. 'ELeefer on rising was for some time unable to obtain a hearing owing to the tremendous cheering with whinh he was assailed, on^ilence beingreslored he thanked them for the very flattering manner in which tbey had drank the health of his colleague and himself he felt gratified for the position in which he was placed being so near.his honorable colleague.on the poll, and he trusted he j would be able to render them Service in I such a way as would redound to his credit, he did not think he need talk to them about politics, for were he to doso, he thought they would all rush out ot the room in disgust (great laughter) the ideas he entertained were not of short formation, ever since he had resided here he had looked on the colony as drifting in the wrong direction, instead of the present system he thought there should be one great head in the government of the Au&tralias; and that there should he local self government by which means he was of opinion that the interests of the colonists would be greatly advanced. So far as he was concerned, if he could do nothing else in the House he could make the balls for his learned colleague to fire. He went in to advo cate the interests of the whole of the colony, and the Ovens in particular. Mr. Eeefer entered in an able manner f into several other questions, and con cluded his remarks by returning his thanks for the. honor paid him, taking his seat amidst loud and long peals o^f •Kertish Fire. Mr. Wood rose and said the toast with which he was entrusted was Pros perity to the Mining interests of the district. Before the discovery of gold the colony depended upon the export of wool and tallow, he contrasted the difference between the colony ;now and then; take this district go where you will you see the marks of the stalwart labour of the miners, great works had been undertaken by them and successfully carried out. Ho referred to Bowman's Forest as an example of industry and persever ance again be referred to the Indigo and New Ballarat, where only a short time ago nothing but bush was to be seen and now it was the residence of thousands, the great drawback, in the district was the want of water to render the ground available. There were rivers available if the capit list could be induced to advance the necessary fun ds for bringing them in, and he pointed out the folly of the monied men of Melbourne running alter bubble com panies when so fine and remunerative a field for their surplus cash existed on the Ovens. It was not only in the in traduction of water that a good dividend would be obtained, but afsoin the nu merous rich quartz reels of the dis trict which only required the help of capital to make them largely remunerative. Machinery at present was an expensive matter to bring up, but all that would be changed before long. Mr. Wood then referred to the El Dorado, where, he said, the clank of the steam- engine was con tinually heard, and be complimented the men engaged on the perseverance they had displayed in bringing their labours to a successful issue. A great number ot people had cried down the Ovens as a duffer, had tbey been here they would never have despaired of the re sources of the Ovens. He thought the body of the people who were here would remain, and those that left gene rally came back again, and as a proof of the settled nature of the population he said that in this district people had huts and gardens, while in other parts no such thing was seen. He hoped that what the miners had complained of would soon be redressed. He consi dered the interests ol the miners and Beechworth identical, and as a proof o f the prosperity of the district, be referred to the noble manner in which they had carried out the Prospecting Associa tion, after a few further remarks Mr. Wood resumed his seat amidst loud cheers. Mr. .Scarlett returned thanks on behalf of the mining community. Mr. Keefer introduced the next toast, viz., the Agricultural interests of the district, a most important one and which he had much pleasure in propos ing. The toast was warmly responded to. Mr. Richard Thompson ia an able speech returned thanks. Mr. J. K. Brown called on the com pany to drink the health of Mr. Scarlett one of the defeated candidates. The toast was drank and followed by the song," he's a right good fellow." Mr. Scarlett returned thanks for the honor done him. Mr. Scarlett next proposed the health of the Returning Officer, G. B. Kerferd, Esq., stating that throughout the con test he had displayed the utmost inte grity and impartiality. The toast was responded to enthusiastically. Mr;. Kerferd returned his thanks in an eloquent and forcible speech, and was loudly cheered at its conclusion. Several o'her toasts were proposed ; aid responded to amongst the Munich j pality ol Beecbwonth, the ' Ladies' the ' Pre^s ' and the Chairman, and thus the business of one. of the best and; rnosfi influential gatherings ever witn^sa sed in Beech worth was brought to a close numbers remained who with song and chat kept it up till the 'wee short hours ! ' ayonfr the twal' warned them to depart though they decidedly did "not go j home till morning'," 