MORMON ISM. Mr. Horace Greeley,' editor of the Now York Tribune, records a long conversation with Brigham Young, which is valuable as furnishing tho dircct replies of tho avowed leader of tho Mormons to the searching questions of a clover man. The fol lowing are extracts from tho dialogue: H. G.-Am 1 to regard Mormonism (so callcd) as a new religion, or as simply a new development of Christianity? B.Y.-We hold that tliero can he no true Christian church without a priesthood directly commissioned by and in immediito com munication with tho fonoE Qod aucl saviour of mankind. ? Such a cl urcli is that of the Latter day Saints, callcd by their enemies Mormons. Wo know no other that even pretends to have present and direct revelations of God's wUL H. G.-Then I am to understand that you re gard otlier churches professing to he Christian as tho Church of Itome regards all churches not in communication villi itself-as schismatic, heretical, and out of tho way of salvation ? B. Y.-Yes, substantially. H. G.-Apart from this, in what respect do your doctrines dilfer essentially from those of our orthodox Protestant churches, the liaptist or Methodist, for example: B. Y.-We hold the doctrines of Christianity, as revealed in the Old and New Testaments, also in the Book of Mormon, which teaches the same cardinal truths and those only. H. G.-Do you believe in tho doctrine of tho Trinity ? B. Y.-AVe do; but not exactly as it is held by other churches. Wo believe in the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, as equal, but not identical-not as one person (being). We believe in all the Bible teaches on this sub* ject. , H. G.-Do you believe in a personal devil-a distinct; conscious, spiritual being, whose nature and acts are essentially malignant and evil ? B.Y.-Wedo. 4 . 11\. G.-Can you give me any rational explan ation of the aversion and hatred with which your people are generally regarded by thoso among whom they lave lived, and with whom they have heen brought dircctly in contact; B.Y.-No other explanation than is afforded by the cruci fixion of Christ and the kindred treatment of God's ministers, prophets, and saints in all ages. II.G.-X know that a new sect is always de cried and traduced; that it is hardly ever deemed respectable to belong to one; that the Baptists, Quakers, Methodists, Universalists, S:c., have each in their turn been regarded in the infancy of their sect as the offscouring of the earth ; yet I cannot remember that either of them were ever generally regarded by the older sects of their early dap as thieves, robbers, and mur derers? B.Y.-If you will consult the contem porary Jewish accounts of the life and acts of Jesus Christ, you will iiud that he and his dis ciples .were, accused of every abominable deed and purpose, robbery and murder included. Sueli a work is still cxtjnt, and may be found by those who seek it. ILG.-What do you say of the so called Danites, or Destroying Angels, belonging to your church? I!.V.-What do you say r Iknow of no such band, no such persons or organisa tion. I hear of them only in the slanders of our enemies.-j H. G.-With regard, then, to the grave ques tion on which your doctrines and practices are avowedly 'at war with those the Christian world-that of the plurality of wives-is the system of your Church acceptable to the majority of its women? B. Y.-They could not'be moro averse to it than I was when it was first revealed to us as the Divine will. I think they generally accept it, as I do, as the will of God. II. G.-How general is polygamy among you? B. Y.-I could not say. Some of those present (heads of the church) "have each but one wife; others have more; each determines what is his individual duty. . H. G.-What is the largest number of wives belonging to any one man? I have 15. I know one who has more; but some of thoso sealed to me are old ladies whom I regard rather as mothers than wives, but whom I have taken home'to cherish and support. H. G.-Does not the Apostle Paul say that a hisliop should be the husband of one wife ? B. Y. -So we hold. We do not regard any hut a married man as fitted for the office of bishop. But the Apostle does not forbid a bishop having more, wives than one. H: G.-Does not Christ say that he who puts away hi? wife, Of marries one whom another has put Way, commits adultery ? H. Y.-Yes; and I hold tliat no man should ever put away a wife except for adultery-not always oven for that. Such is my individual view of the matter. I do not say that wives have never been put away in our church, but that I do not approve of .the practice, q H. G.-Jlow do you regard what is commonly termed the Christian Sabbath ?_ B.Y.-As a divinely appointed day for rest. Ve enjoin all to rest from secular labour on that day. Wo would have 110 man enslaved to the Sabbath, but we enjoin all to respect and enjoy it. 