MAGAZINES FOR SEPTEMBER. \ Frazer's first', paper, ii ". entitled^ ' '« Machiavelli and his Prince Explained and Illustrated.". The writer boara .very-hardly on the Florentine politi- cian, and on Macaulay,'by whom he has, as all the world knows, been most ingeniously defended. " Machiavelli,"' according to the writer, " knew as much about morality theoretically as Macaulay, and, perhaps, in his critical judgments, practised more." In opposition to the great essayist; the, writer further maintains that Machiavelli " invents little or nothing." What he has really done in his " Prince" " is to reduce the politic practice bf successful and unscrupulous politicians, not only of his own time, but of all ages, to the form of prin- ciples, or as schoolboys would say to rules." Numerous. illustrations of the morality, or the immorality, supposed to be systematized in the "Prince," are given, and the ' article is, bri the, _wiole, extremely interesting. Whether Macaulay will think it worth his' while to make any reply is a doubtful matter, brit there can be nb question that he is challenged by no puny, antagonist. The 'succeeding essay is on The ; Gold,,Question," and it is followed by Mrv Whyte -Melville's "Holmly House."'' Then' we have1'a protest by Dr. Mayo against Mr. Buckle's ." Metaphysics." The ;, doctor's speculations .are, / we ; fear;: of s too impalpable a character to i make ; much impression on the generality of men. 'The review of Tenny- son's last work is by one who thoroughly underr stands and appreciates'.it. '' Concerning Friends in Council" we discover at a glance to be from the pen of the pleasant, ' albeit some irritable, A. K. H. B. The paper contains some fine critioiam. The inevitable drag, however, ¡is .called again into requisition, though *' Smith" is not mentioned. Nor can the writer give; over talking' about " worry." ' " Much tribulation," he says, " deep and dignified sorrow, may prepare , men for the kingdom,.bf Goa ; bat ceaseless worry,i for the most part, does'but sour the temper, jaundice thc -views, and embitter and harden the heart." We quite agree, with this ; but does not the writer think that ho is worrying the readers ot Fraser by this continued harping on his own little vexa- tions ? Why, we have all our troubles bf some sort or other, arid if we were (like him) to send round the hat for sympathy, an indulgent publio would soon vote us insufferable egotists and bores-and very properly too. '. Let us hope that the coming cold weather will brace the nerves arid mend' the. temper of A. K. H. B. -, Meanwhile, as he is a clergyman, ho will not bo offended with us for recommending him to read the late Dr, Chalmers's sermon on The heart that knoweth ; ita omi bitterness.-'[?' When he has mastered this discourse-of which he appears now to be in ignorance-he-will, ' if ' he is not an inveterate dyspeptic, be shamed out, of .his . talk about "worry. "Much Ado about Nothing" is a biting criticism on Cole's." Life of Charles Kean." Mr. Chorley has resumed his paper on the Spanish drama, and f' Sword and :Gown" IB continued. The namber is a very gpod one. ' 1 Blackwood.-There is a delightful novelty, and freshness about thc paper on "Horse dealing in Syria.". Tho writer was sent to the East to pur- chase horses for the. British Government1 iii anticipation of the Crimean invasion. Ho found thc Oriental horse dealers a set of arrant knaves, but in' acuteness he was quite their mat oh. '". THE MAHOMETAN H0K8B-DEJJUÍR DEFEATED. ' Kateab Bey, a Turkish gentleman, out of pare kind- ness, wai moved to assist na in procuring horses, and, as the first step io that direction, offered ns some of bis own. Ho was a smooth-fuced m <n with a looghoolied nose and a. retreating ohin, wearing the usual dress of the modero Turkish' Bey- a etupendou«ly ill-made cost and trousers, the latter professedly of Kuropean oat, but vety loose and wonderfully shapeless, and rebelling against (he ' straps which endeavoured to con floe them under tba loot, by Bticking out over the foot in strange folds,' reminding ono of an ill-furled sail. He waa never without a rosary of brada in his hands. Prayerful man I The modes in which be tried to swindle ua were various. He did not succeed, I sm proud to think that amongst bis sweet experiences was not vouchsafed to him (hat of legging the inödel on this particular occasion ; but bo' tried : bord: Froduoing a horse which, viewed with referrnco to the number, of lesa it had. flt for work, might be' called a biped, be aought to oonvlnoe na of itu soundness by aa stout a bit of lying as a' considerable experience, in horso dealing basas yet brought under my notice.' 'It ia Interesting to observe how in airports of tho world the true gentleman ia the aame I The chief distinction that I bava been able to draw between the Oriental/and tbe Englishman in reeprot cf horse-dealing is that the former, with tba prejudice which lends all nations to underrate foreigners, gauges your folly and Í[Ullibility coarsely and clumsily, and so betrays himself rito absurdly transparent rogueries, wbicbyourestoemed countryman, with the high feeling which distinguishes bim, knows better than to " try OD." " Felicita" is concluded in a way which seems to us felicitous enough. Captain Spoke's record of his " Cruise on thc Tanganyika Lake, in tho contre.of.Africa," is valuable for tho.geographical and political information it contains, and for the light whioh it throws on tho African slave . trado. I "A Dream of the dead" isa strange, unearthly, [ fascinating story, similar to tho " Haunted House and tho Hauntors" in last month's Magazine. Two political artialos, a disquisition on metaphysics; and thc continuation of tho" Luckbf Ijodysmedc," make up tho prosent number. Tho Dublin University is about the avorogo. It ' opens- with tho continuation of "Artist and Craftsman," which wo havo bofore noticotl. Tho Hov. Mr. Byrno's University -essay on ".The General Principios- of tho Roligions of Mankind" is an erudite ' arid ' thoughtful,"'production. "Woman's Sacrifico" is doubtless very'affecting, but really ,f woman" has of lato engrossed'so much attention in magazines and reviews, that wc havo begun, to consider hw liUrwy prçsçnçc rather as ;an', anuoyanoe than,-.' otherwise. À ¡.brief but charming paper on the mystical " Fredrieb Vo», Hardenberg," botter known by bis nom de píame of Novalis, cannot fail tobe relished by all "Visoiplos of tho ideal philosophy. "The Great Earl ~of Cork" ÍB _ an interesting bit of biography ; but " The Ppep into Dublin" .is top loonl in its_details for general appreciation. - This month's'^Season Ticket" is made np of '' Black Jobs and White Favours ;" but they aro BO miscellaneous as almost to defy classification.: The essay contains a review of the recent caso of Swinfen v. Lord Chelmsford ; and a Colonel explains how he would certainly have.gained a .verdict and damages for the lady.. Apropos of the late. Chancellor we make the following extract, .describing,, ," ¡... .> j ' IX>JID CHELMSFORD'a IWOK3 AB A MIDSniTMAN. i i After .musing a while .thoughtfully, he repeated the name Tbe.-içer"--" Toesiger"-veryi ? slowly, . and remarked, "That name ia very familiar to me.. I recollect when, I was in the navy (fori entered that aervioa.first) .there waa a midshipman in our irigato of that name, and a rollicking,- j>lly, good- hearted-young.fellow, he '.was too. I wonder what baa .become of bim,'for I lost sight of him after I went into the army and have never heard of bim since." " Lord bless yon," -said" the Colonel, " the Lord Chancellor - ia the aime maa." "What, little Tbesiger Lord Chancellor," said the other springing to his feet with great animation ; " yon don't say «of" * »ii* "Dear me, he oontioued, it seems to mo only the other day be waa sky-larking ia the oook pit, and np lo all sorts of pranks and devilry. I reoollect we onop took a Spanish prize loaded with cigars, anufT. and all sorts of raw and manufactured tobaoco. Qf course we ynjngs'era all helped ourselves moat lib rally. The snuff wai.in bladders of tho size of foot-balls ; but aB none of, us utel that we amused ourselves by shying it obout at eaqb other.. The oaptain'a clerk,.who messed with ns, was a sneaking sort of follow, and used to curry favour with - him by reporting what was going on in the cock-pit; So, in order to punish him, one night Thesiger and f took one of theae bladders, cut it open, and spread ' ita contents gently all over bia hammock. Wnen he' 'osma below, and turned ,in aa usual .with a spring ifnr he waa aa active as a oat),'be gent dtp a cloud bf sntiff that set him cougbipgt._pryiog, sneezing, and swearing like mod ; but tba worst of it was it nearly choked the whó'e of us middies, upon whom it had the same effect ; and when the officer came below, to inquire into the causa of the row, he tobee-hne'd and tohce-hee'd aa bad as any of us; and aa.soon as he opened his mouth to1 speak, down weat the snuff into his throat, and nearly suffocated him with coughing. -He. could , do nothing but awear,-stamp: his- feat, . and shake, his fiBt at. us. There waa a preoious'row, as'you may suppose ; but the .beat fun of all waa to see the young'sucking lawyer threatening to'repoti tho derk for.trying to. stifle us alt- like rats by ,attempting to conceal the snuff in hia ham- mock.. Dear rae, bow I should like to.ate Thesiger' again .'Theaiger Lord Chancellor, eb? .Well;' .it's'better than being laid up as .an old hulkof an admiral at Greenwich, aint it? or tamed out to grass likes worn-out cavalry , horse' as I am., Come, pass.; the 'whit-key, and I'll drink bÍB heilth in some'goad toddy. Many's the glass of grog we've had together when wç" were midshipmen." . .- ' TIte Constitutional Press has reached its sixth number, and:-except in ' one instance, of which we must speak presently-is gradually improving in its tone and its literary character. The maga- sine is now deprived of one of the attractions which made last month's number popular,,in con- sequence of tho death of Mr. D.O.Maddyn, the author of u Ladies and Leaders"-an event which we chronicled' with muoh regret in the Weekly Mail', and which might, we must say; haye been morie gracefully, noticed iii the. columns bf thc periodical.whioh he honoured with - his contribu- tions than by a paltry commercial notice of the discontinuance of his , novel, following the table of '' Contents." .The number before us, however, ¡si not devoid of interest. It is a favourable specimen of a cheap Conservative' monthly-r âlthpngh its " Conservatism" is of a kind whioh had better' be imagined ,than described., i Miss Yonge continues her . tale,.'.' Hopes; and Foars," whioh increases in interest as it proceeds. The death ' of Squire Charlecote 'at the altar; of the parish church, whore he liad been receiving the Holy .Eucharist,! is finely conceived, and : touch- ingly pourtrayed. Mr. Tennyson's " Idylls ', of the King" "rceeiyes à' warm'' but; discriminating mead bf praise at the hands, .apparently, of a staunch philo-Dcvbnian critic. By the,way, the "Constitutional Press'.' always has had a strong flavour of Devonshire aboutit ; Devonshire-cream certainly is the staple commodity of the magazine ; and,the pon of this ready Devonshire writer may be traced without difficulty: from the touches, political or topographical, hv the smart,'* Rhyme of the Session, and the7 al vf ay s. plover ; *« Suppers bf the (Tories." These 'articles are the bestj in the' number before us ; Mr. H. N. Humphrey's story of " The Ghost of Holloway Lane, ' being simply readable, shd the fourth part bf '^Charles' Kean ; a Biography," suggestive of nothing more than joy at'its-happy termination. : .Äni article on church rates proceeds on the supposition that theoretically,'a parish is bound to maintain its church,,,and wo can only gather, froin a cloud of verbiage and fierce denunciation of the anti:' church rate-party-that'the author (evidently!ah honest country parson who' knows nothing of the world and of society), will have no compromise in the matter, for he stigmatises Mr. Walpole's bill no less than Sir John Trelawny's, and nothing will content him but the transference of the, charge for the maintenance of churches to tlie poor rates, although even of the efficacy of this plan he is doubtful. We come now, with great regrot, to pur one objection to his new magazine, and it is a serious ono. It can be put, however; in two words. The *' ConstitutionI Press" is a Conservative magazine-ostentatiously so in1 fact. The writer of the political article in à Cohi servative magazine is, or ought to bo, a gentleman,' and ought not to suppose that every ono who differs from him ai a/' snob" or a fool. j Titan's first paper ia ''' A Day's' Reverie) in Westminister Abbey," rambling and pensive as j* reverie in such a place ought'to be. Getting On" has advanced - to the thirty-fifth chapter, which, contains " The End of the Episode." The story, is most cleverly .'conducted, and wo hope it'will bo given to tho world in a book. It abounds in little sparkling parenthetical. essays,' which wiso persons, who eaohew the sentimentality .of love stories, may peruse to their pleasure andicdifica tion. How many important and interesting ?[uostions, for instance, aro expounded in the ollbwing, which may be headed . , .' ' OF ^XUT. COXOUn-IS. THE VILWIH. ' Why, I may be allowed to' ask, aro villains always described aa dark men ? In tho whole range bf horel ism l do "not bolièvè that alight-haired demon is to be found. 'Whenever an evil deod ia' to bo dona it' '* a dark, sallow, morose-looking man who does il.' Are, then, the light, (lurid, grey-eyed mon nil angela? Aa a dark man myself 1 protost againát thia odious distinction.' I find, lo the history of arl, thel evil bas always been painted ID sombre colours, with the ningle exception ot Judaa, who is generally red-baircd. The Italian eohoot sot tho fashion. All tho earliest Madonnas are'oarrotty. i In the preaent day, all the angels aro painted with hair, jual a shadeless white than the flncBt sugar-candy, a nj' quite' as shiny. For my part I am inolinod lo agree'with a certain gentleman who wrote a book about,blood, com pleilon, nations, and man and woman In genoinl, in their relations to thèse particulars-a 'gentleman whom. I suppose ona roust call a physiologist, orothnogrsphist, or by sorno such hard name, and who started tho hypo-, thesis that the dark tint waa the natural and normal one for man, and that all the fair people laboured untlot , a'öonstltatlonal disease-a oertain inferiority br depravity cf the blooi, oraomothing of that kind ¡so that il waa iuat as sensible to call tbe blue eyes and goldon hali alylo beautiful, aa to admire a genuine Albino. We know ; ihat some creatures are improved ' by disease, Still, with my natural vulgar taste, I prefer health and whole lungs ... I have not studied tho quoatlou deeply, though I have tossed in my roeklng.obair ten minutia lo think ol it; but, for tho moment, I do not rurarmber a Bingi» mun of wprk or of strong character who bad .»ßhtbeir and Must ejn;'(jl reo yn mend this suMeot'fo che notiee of. tiaro worabipperajin general, :'and Messrs, Emerson and Carlyle in particular. Has not the anthor penetration enough to seo that if-his-two-assertions aro . true- separately, _they cannot bc trae when they are pot together ? If fair people are of inferior or depraved blood and~we confess much is to be said in- favour of such Td theory--they oro1 physically'. disqualified from obtaining. laurels in the .ranks; of villany. Your thorough-going villians are men with strong nerves and courageous consciencea-in short, men of power; which fair people are not. " The Book of Bradshaw" is, we imagine, a rather unpromising subject, hut the .writer, who has solee ted it, has a fanciful way of moralising, - which, is not without attractions ; and he may be fairly congratulated ; for the success which has attended his undertaking. The " Walks About: Windsor" arc pleasant, and there is a curious article-on- fi-Slang Literature,", Tho 1 description* pf "Parisian Localities" is appropriate at the present time when sp many Englishmen .aré' starting on their annual con- tinental tours. . >"_; ,' 