[?] AUSTRALASIAN WESLEY AX MISSIONS. On last Thursday evening, a public meeting in aid of the above .Missions was held in the Wesleyan Chapel. There were about one hundred persons present, and on a platform erected in front of the pulpit were the Rev. Messrs. "Creed, -Egglestone, Watsf >rii, and Dowson, and Mr. Wheatley, of Gunning. The Rev. Mr.. Creed occupied the chair, and the meeting was-opened with prayer by the Rev. -Mr. Egglestone. The Rev. .Mr. Creed then rose and said the object of tho meeting was to promote the extension of the . Redeemer's kingdom by means of missionaries. It was. a great and glorious cause — a cause for which our Lord Jesus Christ died on Calvary — a cause in which all Christians fult greatly in terested. Methodism had always been identified with missionary enterprise. Their efforts had been honored and blessed by God. Wherever missions had been estab lished, success had attended their operations; wherever, they turned their eyes, whether to Asia, Africa, Europe, or to . the Southern World, they would see that God had owned tho cause, nnd blessed the labours of His servants, and crowned tlicin with success — perhaps nowhere more so than in the Southern Seas. The object of the meeting was not only to obtain assistance, hut to cause a .missionary spirit to prevail, and rluis, enable the cause to be extended until the whole world should be evangelised. The struggle might be prolonged, but glorious success would be. sure to crown the enterprise. The rev. speaker then intro duced — The Rev. Mr. Dowson, who read extracts from the fourth report of tho Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society, frotn which it appeared that continued success attended the labours of the missionaries. The appeal made last year to the various auxiliary and branch societies had been highly successful, aff fiTttrfteFreffm rarie during the previous year. The total ex penditure of the society for. the last year had been £13,507. 10s. 3d. The net re ceipts from the colonies nnd mission dis tricts. including £1534 13s. fld. native contributions in oil, were £9933 4s. 3d., leaving a balance to be paid by the mission committee in London of £3574 Cs. Great success had attended each branch of the missionary work. In New Zealand the Maori race is in a transition state, demand ing vigorous oversight , and evangelical effort. -..In the . Friendly Islands, on all hands, fhe natives were panting tor know ledge and improvement, but the jiaucity of labourers prevented .tile society meeting' the calls. . In the Fcejee Islands thousands had been induced to abandon heathenism. Ten additional missionaries had been sent during file, past year, — two to Auckland, two to Wellington and New Zealand, two to the Friendly-Islands, nnd the others to assist in the Fecjees. The. Rev., J. Adams had in 'the -Varan circuit to superintend theprinting establishment, to look after 66 dny schools, with 3700 scholars, to superintend a training institution, to dircet 182 local preachers, and to exercise pastoral supervision over 1618 members of the church. At the first 'Australian ;Confercnco there were in this field eight missionaries and two English training, masters for schools. These, mis sionaries lmd to superintend 2954 members, and the -congregations -there numbered about 9780 souls. -Last year there wore in this important field only-eight missionaries and two training masters; the missionaries had pastoral charge of 8138 full members of the church, nna tho attendants on public worshipnumbered 59,469 person#, and25, 991 were attending day schools. The committee felt certain that when -such facts as these were considered, the churches in these colonies would Bustain the -vigorous appeal to their liberality which had been made in sending out the ten additional missionaries. The rev. gentleman .(Mr. Dowson) then read the fallowing as the .statistics of the society during the past yenr::— Chapels, 453; other preaching places, 831.; mission- sionarics, assistants, and supernumeraries, 54 ; catcohists, 248 ; day -school teachers, 1752 ; Sunday scho >1 teachers (exclusive of Fecjefc), 429 ; locnl preachers, 1093; class leaders, 626 ; church members, 17,649 ; on trial for': memberships .3908; Sabbath scholars (exclusive of Fecjee), 6292 ; day schools, 695 ; day scholars, 36,561 ; attend ants on public worship, 85,785; p-.inting establishments, 2. T- wards tho general income of the society, tho Goulbitrn Circuit had .contributed £360 17s. 5d., and of that amount Yass had subscribed £40. The Rev. Mr. Watef-rd moved — "That the report, an abstract of which has now been read, be adopted , and that the success vouchsafed to this society, and other kindred institutions, is an evidence of the Divine sanction given to the agency employed, and should call forth gratitude and encourage prayers for enlarged effusions of the Holy Ghost." In an able and lengthy speech, the rev. gentleman defended the revivals that had taken place in America and else where, which want of spfice alone prevents us reporting in eztenso. The same rcmavk applies equally to the other speeches de livered. .Mr. Wheatley seconded the resolution, .which .was put to the meeting by the Chairman, aud declared carried. The. Rev. Mr. Dowson then proposed — " That this meeting, recognising the urgent and increasing demand for labourers in the different parts of the mission field occupied by this society, especially in Fecjee, .where tens of thousands have recently renounced heathenism and asked. for religious. teachers, rejoices thpt the General Committee has sent .forth ten additional missionaries this year — four to New Zealand, .two to the Friendly Islands, and .lbur to Fcejee, aud has also resolved to commence missions to : the Chinese in Ndw South Wales and Vie- ! ti.riu, and earnestly commends the increbisd i claims of the society to. the liberulity of jho Christian public." The Rev. Mr. Egglestone seconded the mot inn, which was carried nem. con. , " . While the collection was being made, Mr. John Carter rose from the body of the audience, and inquired whether it was intended to take any steps to effect, the con version of the aborigines of this colony ? . The Rev. Mr. Egglestone replied that there was a resolution on this subject already drawn up, but it was still under c nsidora- tion. In Western Australia he hail wit nessed a good deal of the oiforts made to carry out this blessed result. Two or tliree of the aborigines hod there received the ordinance of Christian baptism ;' hut he ' strongly thought, however desirable, it was. impossible with present means to carry out tho work, as it had been found tht .the young people were snatched away and carried into the bush by. the old aborigines, in order to eradicate the impressions made. If anything was to be done in the "matter, it must be with the assistance of thprough bush missionaries ; they would have to ac company the aborigines from place "to place — be two months here nnd three months there — and forego all the advan tages of civilised life, anil be nlinost perfect hermits while living amongst them. A station that had been formed in Victoria fir this purpose was for a time successful, but was abandoned from the same cause which was found to prevent the success of the efforts at Adelaide. The collection having been made, Mr. Creed vacated the chair, and went round with a list to obtain annual contributors. The amount realised, together with the col lections on Sunday, the 18tli September, was nearly £27, and when all the annual subscriptions, &e.;, are received, it ' is ex pected the sum will amount to between £40 and £60. The business did not terminate till eleven o'clock. <" 