[?] On the 12th' of January, a Mrs. Newell applied to tho sitting magistrate nt Lambeth Policu-court, London, under tha following circumstances. , Her daughter, Jano Nowoll, was a ballot-girl, but owing to somo dis agreement with the ballet-master nt Her Majesty's theatre, had beon for some timo out of employment Sho nnd her mother had fallen into groat distress, and the daughter^ who was. represented ns being a pattern of propriety, and as having very indignantly repollcd over tures ;of an improper nuturo which hnd been mndo to her, han left, her homo suddenly. The mother hinted either' that she had, committed suicide, or had been kid napped bysomo procuress. Tho story went round tho pnpera, and contributions poured into tho afllicted mother. Tho police soon found Miss Nowoll at a houso kept' by Mrs.'Wlis, arid the young lady thereupon told n pltooua talo about her having been docoyod thero for tho worst of purposes., : Tho. soquol.'to tho story will bo found .in; tho report of a caso heard at tho Lambeth police court on January 18th:— . ' ? , , On Monday 'evening, after hearing tho disclosures' mado by. the ballot girl Jano. Nowoll, Mr. Norton gayp directions that summonses should ljo nt once made but for tho attendance of Mrs. Emily F.lli.3, of, n Seymour torrace,. St. George's -ro.id, Plmlico, nnd Miss Emily llobbs, a ballet ghl, whoso nddress was unknown.1 - Tho summonses wero made out and placed in tho hands of Wnghorn and Rovoll, two of tho warrant ofllcors bo-1 longing, to tho court, for execution, and nt ono o'clock, tho hour appointed,' Mrs. Ellis, accompanied I by hor solicitor, Mr. Georgo Lewis,: of tho firm of Lewis and Lewis,, of Ely place,. and a malo friend,. riiado hor appear ance In tho court. ? ? . . /? 1 ? ' ??? ' -Atn later hour. of tho afternoon, whon tho criminal charges had beon' disposed of, tho summons against Mrs.1 hills was called on, nnd at this time Jano Newell and he^mother wero in attendance. . - ; Tlio dofondnnt is a middle-aged person, wasi expen sively dro3sed. and when askod for her namo she said It wns ivmily Hills, hud hot Emily Langford, and that she was unmarried. ' . . : :u.i, :? , ? Wnghorn said : That in tho first. plnco lio wont to tho houso of Mrs. Ellis, No. 6 Seymour terrace, St. George's road, Pnnllco, and on seeing hor ho told her ho had n summons to' servo on hor for her attendance! at this court in roferonco to hor, detaining .Inno Nowoll in ?lior houso; that tho casa -had; assumed rather a serious character, and asked hor for tho address- of Emily Hobbs,the young vromam/juo had' brought Nowell to her houso. ? The defendant replied that Nowoll had nofr. been brought to her houso by a woman at all, that sho had boon recommended to her house bv somo friends ni .urompton as n lodger, and that nothing improper took placowhilo shohnabecn at herhoiiso. Witness than ?asked Mrn^-Jillis if sho would let him know tlio names' of tho persons who had recommended Miss Nowoll, nnd ?sho said that oii'soolnc tho annllcntlnn nf tlm %M^ lnothor to tho mogistrate in tho papers she bad written to thorn, butsho could not then just find the nddress. ? Mr. Morton :? Did she say why sho could ! not got tlio address at that time?- :? . . .,b , , ' .Witness : No, your worship ; sho^ appeared to bo i(l at the. time; and was lying on a sofa. ; ' ; Mr. Norton! I supposo, Mr. Lowis, you will have no obioction to givo up tho namos of the partlos ?' «???'??? - Mr; Lowis: None, whatever, Sir, if you'ekould wish' itj but I should ralher withhold .thorn for the present. Jour worship will very soon boo how shamefully you andlie m rPW °' b-' M* artful ^U1 Nowell. vrnghorn, tho officer, went on to Bay that ho had mado .liligeut inquiriei at tho diflercnt theatres, and' could find no such person as Emily Hobbs engaged as a ballet girl, or in any other capacity, nt either of thorn. _ Mr. Norton: Did tho defendant say whother tho girl Isewcll camo In company with nny other person.on first going to hor house? ? Wnghorn: .Yet, your worship ; sho said' sho was accompauiod by a gentloman, and that sho hnd been recommended us a lodger by somo friends of. iiera at lirpmpton. Mr. Norton : Did she say sho knew tho ccntlomnn? Wnghorn : bho said aim did not know him, Sir. Mr. Lowis: 1'he only question I shall ask tlm officer Is whethor the defendant did not express a willingness to give Uim all tl\o information In her power? Waghorn 1 Well, I think tlio did . Th6~yorih£waih'an'Jnna~Nowoll-wns-horor culled im thoMvitness'box.. Slio dcscflbedher ago to-be«ovent»« last November,;!?' ^ tal for that ngo, and is of a S figuro,;wlth rathorrfnir complexion, and dark hair S eyes.'. (Her inaiinqrwhilo making the statement on IZ day beforo was) rather. forward, but her tono and'manm,. yesterday were .deciiledly port.\\. %' , °M , Mr.: Nortoni; (addressing her) snld: Boforo makinr. j-our statement yostordny I cautioned you in the mni? solemn manner not to stnto anything but that whlri? ,was most positively true, nnd I now ask you in tho sami manner whether nil you have stated is truo? J Witness: It's all true but ono thing ; I wasnottnlrcn to Mrs. Ellis's by Emily Hobbs, though I mot her after leaving my mother, and hall a glass of sherrv with her as Istatod yesterday, y ?.'yj- ' r- Mr. Lewis : Pray, 3'oung woman; reflect a little and again consider tho question put by- hjs worship. — Hecol lect whoro you slept, and with whom you'-8lopt7on tliii Wednesday night nfter. leaving your mother, and bcfor» you went to the houso of Mrs.|EIIis at nil. Witness (hastily) :' Well, I slept witli a lady. *: Mr. Norton : I want you to stato what becama of vim aftor you had seen Emily Hobbs? . . i-m .. Witness; I wont to tho Adelaide Gallory, nnd asked Mr. Smith, who keeps tlio rooms there, to pass mo in to seo tho Ethiopian performances, and ho did. I rotnained there until 10 o'clock. . Mr. Smith asked mo to go to seo ri lady friend of his, and 'took mo, with a friend of his Mr. Lee, to sup nt nri' oyster-shop in tho Strand. lio next took mo to Iho'houso of his lady friend, next door (0 his rooms nt tho Adelaide Gallery, nnd thoro I stopped that night. Wo;sat upuiitll 'near 3 o'clock convcrainjr mid I.slopt on tho sofu. Mr. Smith slopt in tho samo houso upstairs,1 and I breakfasted with him and tho lady next morning. . '! -? '-? ..'?:?'?': '?'?.'. Mr. Norton: Had you known Mr. Smith bofore? Witnajs: Yes, Sir, tot some tlmfe.' ' , ...? ' :': . Mr. Norton: Was Mr. Siriith nwaro'that yoii!had 9 mother, nnd lived with her?.. ',..!/?; . , J Witness: Yes, Sir,' 'ho know thati'for 1 toUMiim. I remained in tlio house until 2 o'clock, whon Sir. Smith camo, nnd took 1110 to tho house- of Mrs. Ellis. While going there ho told' ino sho whs a very nice lady, and would tnko caro of mo until I got nin, engagement'. Mr Nort6n : Was this nfter you had told him you wore living with your mother? - V7 ; s Witness: Yoj.'Sir.- vOn ? tho Wednesday night I stopped so late that ho would not let mo go home, Mr. Norton: Why 'hot go homo on the Thursday morning? .. ..' .. ? .; Witness: Having stopped out all night I didnotllko to doso. ': ? ? ; , ??? ??? . ??. .?'';? '??'? Mr. 'Norton:, Wlint took- placowhori Mr. Smith took youto the house of Mra. Ellis? '.., ;.;,.; ? Witness :' Ho went^ln first, and : ho. told rrio after ho hnd been there a fow minutes to ring at tho bell, ami I did so, and was admitted by tho sorvant into tlio dining room, nnd was then taken to tho drawiug-rootnj where I saw Mrs. Ellis and Mr. Smith, and sho asked jne how I liked thohonso. I had a' room' toonyaelf.l/Ou tho Friday woek following Mrs.'Ellis asked mo if I had been in tho habit of seeing gontlcmen, nnd I said not, and she said if that was tho caso I should not. Mr. Norton: Do you solemnly swear that ' you lmvo not had nil intimacy with any person butMrJ Smith? Witness: I.do.,;:- ; ;. , ' ; . . ,.-.. ? Mr. Lowis : Do you,unders,tand the magistrate's qiio'j tion, and, if so, do you mean to swear that you have not had improper intimacy with ccntlomen wbilo von livd at Mrs/ Ellis's?. ;:/?? ? ?? ? , , . ?. Witness,' after a moment's reflection: Well, Mra. Ellis intruduccd'them'to mej'nnd slie'liad half'Jof what they gave nio.- Tho first gentloman sho introduced Mrs. Ellis said was ngentlemnn I wroto to, nnd sho said sho should aottlo with him., I had intimacy with that gen tleman, and Mrs. Ellis gayo 1110 a sovereign immediately imcrwnnia. iiuigut uavo linu iniimacy witli aix or seven gentlemen altogether whllo there, nnd understood that thcue genUcirion paid as much as £2 and £3 each, lmtlonlyrecoivedthohalfbf.it. ' '..'..??', In cross-oxandnation by Mr. -Lewis,! tho witness nl1 mittcd that her first seducer was a musioidn residing in Henrietta street, Brunswick square, -whoso namo she obstinately refused to give, but which was subsequently disclosdd; : This person; sho said, courted and promised her marriage, and sho was in tho habit of meeting him at his house with tho knowledge of her mother. She admitted sho had spent an ovoning with him whilo living af Mrs. Ellis's, and had an opportunity, if sho thought proper, of then, going to her mother. Sho further admitted that 'sho bad been in tho habit oE nttonding at tlio Portland Danoing rooms', Portland street, iu company with Mrs. Ellis, nnd that on ono night sho left thero in company with ni gentleman in a cab, nnd remained, out all night with him. Sho fur ther admitted that sho had nttonded a masquerade at thoso room* on Friday last,1 in tho character of. a page, and said sho had herself selected and paid, for. tho dress she then woro. .'''.'?'? ' v Mr. Lowis (to the witness) : Now, I wish you' to look nt this gentloman sitting hero, nnd tell mo whether you did not. Bleep with him on tho night you loft v'our homo? . . : , ? ..i'.i. ' ? Witness: I did; but Mr.- Smith induced foe to do so. ' ;.','; : : ? : -?'..'' '?'':? Mr. Lewis. You slept with ' him inhisl own bed and not on the sofa; as you have sworn to his worship just HOW? . . ? ? ,.r . .- ;..;. ?; ,.. . -i ' .,; , Witness : I did ; but I say ngninbo mado rno'do so. Tho Smith here indicated, and who sat : at ? th'e attor ney's tablo with tho utmost composuro, is a person of nt least SO years of ago, with afneo covored with hair, and dressed, liko a gentleman; : He received from the worthy mnsistrati! a' rebuko for his t conduct, which, mot aueciio 111 1110 nenri ot every well-thinking, indivi dual i present,; ns tho applause,' which . could not bo cheuked by the nfllcersjfor soino moments, was uumis takablo, nnd Mr. Smith-iua few, ,;momout3 snohked out of court. .,-,.? 1, : -| i- ',, '.1 ..:?? ??:? :? ''On Iiirtlier crosj-examiriatidn' tlio girl' was obliged to mnko tho most damnatory admissions ns to hor moral character, nnd. in -the ehd- aho' admitted thnt on tho morning beforo sho had written to Mrs. Ellis, tho de fendant, offering to go back to her house. ,. Shoadmittcd that on Sunday lost Mrs. Ellis had entreated her to go home, but that on that day sho had been taken to a dinner party by Mrs. Ellis. The dinner took !placc at the houso of n French centloman in Cairiden Town, and tho party consisted of the French gentleman, Mrs.TJUis, another lady, rind witness. ? , . ?,'. Mr.Lowm hero handed in the lettor writtnri by tho .witness to Mrs. Ellis, and requested it tb:b» read:— 'Hy dear Mrs. Hills -^returned homo tpmy moilierlast iiljtht. I told her tlmta yuunjr womau brought n«s to you, and that you had talion '-wro of me, and that X 'left jour homo 11s pure as when r came, and If nny inquiries lihould bciniide r hope you will- say tho Borne. ' I will be euro 10 come tn sco you to-morrow afternoon or -Tuesday.' I must : conclude wltn my kind love. I shall stay with/you altoge ther, wilh my mother's Consent.— Your itnVctloiiutc, . ' ? ? ?.. ?'?'!.... . '.'Jake Newell. 'Stnnujmto-stioct, Lambeth.' ' :' Mr. Loivis: After this is it. necessary thnt I should pro ceed further? If your worship slioulu.deem itiiiecessary, I havo liero tho keeper of nn improper house near Lei cestcr-squaro, who. will. bo.ablo.to.. satisfy your worship that this: girl hn3 for.n . very considerable timo been a frequenter witli different men of her house, nnd further, I cnu show that, I .may. sny. for ; ycars.'she has supported her. mother and tho otheiMiiembers of her family by her prostitution. ' - .-: .-?,?.. . ;.-.:» . Jhiia Nowell(iri'hh nngrj- tone) : Yoti nro wrong, Sir, it has not been many.' mouths; and I am' not naharaod to'say-lhnt I'did solo aupport my mother. Irroodn't bo a pi'ostitnto,'for I liavo !boen allowed a' guinea a' week by my seducer, tho jrentltaninn near Brnnsivick^squnre. ' ? Mr, Norton : There is no necessity,' Mr. Lowis', for your going further Into the matter.! ; Tho summons against your client .is dismissed, for it is painfully evident that this girl wont to Mrs. Eliis's house by her owrifrco will, and that thero was nothing to prevent hor ; coming away from it. '! From tho publicity given to this case various sums of money have been fonmrded by. several benevo lent individuals to bo applied for. tho benefit of tho mo ther of this girl,, and 'flftor seeing tho report of tlio proceedings of this day, as doubtless tboy.'wilhbavo an opportunity to do; I should liko to hoar from tho respec tivo donors liowthoy would llko their donations appro priated. Thoro can bo no doubt that tho mother of this girl was in distress, and that much of -that distress had urai occasioned uy 1110 10S3 of tier daughter's' engage ment. I canuoi help thinking that mucli of tho misery and immorality arises from the mannor of. omploying persons nt thoatres, and thnt; thorofore, their 'managers would do woll to' look sharply after their subordinates, or persons to whom tho eugagemonts o£. such pioplo nro Mrs. Nowoll, who caused a~groat ;' uproar in court when lior daughter,, whllo. in tho witnoss-bpx, acknowledged sho had slept with. MrvSinithi'licro declared sho had not Uoonawaro that, her daughter had boon guilty of tho slightest misconduct, though sho admitted sho had ro ? ceiyed somo monoy,,haif n sovereign,, from hor, of which sho did' not givo a' satisfactory account. Her state ment and tho (laughter's, howover, differed1 widely, and Mr. Norton, iu conclusion, said bo could. not '.Uvest liimsoir of tho belief that ahe must linvo been,awnro of tho immoral conduct of her daughter, and' 'refused to givo her any of tlio money subscribed, or part'with nny of it, until ho rccoived tho instructions of the ilonois. Tim Way AsTitONOsruns 'do it.— 'Ike,' said a ruely old hcathon of tho donk, 'how do astronomers moasuro the dlskanco to tho sun?' — 'Why,' replied thoyonng bopofnl, ' thoy calcnlnto ono-fourth of tho riistanco, and thon multiply by four.' Tho drek-worm fainted. ?! . AWrtoNO Guksb-— Dr. nadoliffo, in thorolgn o£ Qucou Anno, going nlong Pnll Mull with a friend, said to him, ' Lot ua avoid that protty little wonibn you boo thoto on the othor nide ; hIio knows mo, nnd caata on mo looks of iudi|;imion. I attomlod her husband ? ? ''Ah I I understand ; ho died ? ' 'On tho oon trury,' ropllod tho doctor, ' I taved him.' ? In Norfolk, n ploughman becamo enamoured of a milk maid on a neighbouring farm. His addresses were re jected, and tho disappointed swain, full of uiclaucholy and revenge, procured n ropo, weut to tho barn, mid-' tied all tho cows' tails together. ' ' Somo writer cxclalma, ' What ia beauty without soup?' Sometimes fashionablo beautv is uotlilng with soap. Wo havo seen many a cheek from which tho beau tiful red-roso huo would vanish beforo that useful article like a ghost boforo tha eun-rlso. 