XV.-RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. The correspondence on Church Union, in which His Excellency the Governor-in- Chief, the Bishop of Adelaide, and the Eev. Thomas Binney have borne so conspicuous a part #hs not yet terminated, although Mr. Binney has left the colony. A long, and in many respects interesting letter has recently been received from that gentleman, dated '. Bendigo, November 29, 1858," and is in reply to the letter of the Bishop of Adelaide, dated " Anama, November 5." This letter reached Mr. Binney on the evening, of the 10th of November, but in consequence of the rev. gentleman leaving the colony on the morning of the 11 th, he had no time to reply. The letter now to hand is that reply, and although inconveniently long for publication in this place, we shall lay before our readers the leading points of the new ground of debate, opened hy Mr. Binney. The Bishop, in his letter of November 5th, laid down the following propositions. First, that it was- "untoward" for His Excellency to, have mixed himself up, officially, with the cor- respondence on Church Union. Secondly, that he (the Bishop) regarding the apostolic tradition of l8 centuries, on which the ecclesiastical law of the Church is founded, could not have invited Mr. Binney to preach in the Protestant Episco- pal churches of this colony, without first con- sulting the other Bishops of the Australian colonies, and the Archbishop of Canterbury. Thirdly, that having stated why he could not ask Mr. Binney to preach, he (the Bishop) took occa- sion thence to "urge the consideration of the terms on which at some future timepossibly that inability might be removed." His Lordship then said, " the indispensable conditions appear to me to be three," namely : A. The acceptance in common by the Evangelical Churches of the orthodox creed. B. The use in common of settled liturgy, though not to the exclusion of free prayer, as provided for in the Directory of the assembly of divines at Westminster. C. An Episcopate freely elected by the United Evangelical Churches, not (as I have been misapprehended) exclusively by our own. Mr. Binney devotes the opening part of his letter to explanatory and apologética! matter All this we may safely pass over. The rev. gen- tleman then addresses himself to the Bishop's " indispensable terms" of union ; this part of the letter containing matter well worthy of quo- tation : "Now, my Lord, although I understand you to mean that your own Church would have to be one of the parties to these terms, in common with all the rest, I greatly fear that to others the language will seem to be pervaded by assumptions, which they not only cannot admit, but which, according to the temperaments of individuals, would be smiled at as harmless or resented as offensive. It looks like one party to a friendly arrangement beginning the conference, I will not say by dictating but by offering terms to all the rest terms on which alone it can be brought to consent to any- thing. Of these terms some would regard the first as un- necessary, seeing that "Evangelical Churches" must, as such, have already accepted, and be known to hold, the ortho- dox creed ; others would think the second inexpedient to be insisted upon as a first step, and without preparation, with the present fixed habits of different parties ; while the third (to say nothing of its requiring in some the abandon- ment of what they hold as principles) would appear to many to demand what it would require, the interposition of a miracle to secure. But the point that would be most felt, I think, would be this—that all is asked for, apparently on the ground that it is required in order to relieve one party only from a certain " inability "-an inability, the removal of which might be something to it, but which would be nothing to the rest worth the price they would have to pay for it—for there are those who think that what your Lordship would grant, if you had the ability to do so, is not a favour to be received, much less bought, but a fraternal courtesy which they have it already in their power to exercise if others were only able to accept it." Mr. Binney then proceeds to deal with the remark of the Bishop that without these three ' terms " it would be impossible to secure against ' the intrusion of even heretical preachers into our pulpits." Mr. Binney says : "The stringent and solemn subscriptions of your Church are no security against doctrinal differences in the clergy of the most serious description. " Heretical preachers " is a phrase that may mislead. A Church may have the thing without the name. " There are many Anti-Christs," we are told by St. John ; and there are many heresies, or forms of error, alike deadly, though not marked by the same brand. In the Anglican Church you have, on the one side, men who are Romanists in everything but the name, who preach the Church, the priesthood, sacramental efficacy, anything but Christ, in the New Testament import of the term ; on the other side, you have men far more than tinctured with rationalism, men who deny, or explain away, all the essential verities of the Gospel—everything distinc- tive of Christianity as a redemptive system. You have no security against the "heretical teachers'' in your "orthodox creed. Some of them, when purposely tested by being re- quested to resign your articles, sign without hesitation, and then just go on teaching as before. The mere fact of being a clergyman of the Church of England is no security to us that the man would bring with him into ours, if we received him, " the doctrine of Christ;" 'it is not therefore ot itself a pass- port to any of our pulpits. There are many among the clergy whom I would not suffer to preach to my people—the sub- stance of their teaching being, for the most part, as I believe, either chaff or poison. Your lordship will permit me to ob- serve that I am not objecting in the abstract to Church standards ; I am not denying the propriety and importance ot professed adherence in ministers to an orthodox creed ; I am not one either, who has no sympathy with the toleration in the clergy of great diversity of opinion ; nor am I questioning, on the other hand, the necessity of "terms"' and "conditions ' as the basis of such an amalgamation of Churches as your lordship proposes. All that I wish to insist upon is, that the terms and conditions mentioned not only ask too much to secure a small result (the removal of a certain inability), but that of themselves they would not necessarily secure the purity of the pulpit in the exercise of the liberty sought." We think the preceding argument irrefragable. Unquestionably subscription to a set of articles ! or professed adhesion to a written doctrinal system gives no guarantee whatever that the parties subscribing to the particular words will agree as to the interpretation to be put upon those words. If there are " heretical' persons who profess to believe in the same Bible with the orthodox, surely there would be at least an equal chance of heresy obtaining amongst those who profess adhesion to an uninspired and human code ? The fact is, men subscribe to words, not to ideas; and every man, after subscription, attaches his own particular meaning to the words hehas adopted. Subscription to articles, formulas, and creeds, ever has been co-existent with the utmost latitudinarianism of interpretation, except under ecclesiastical despotisms, where private judgment is forbidden, and where the authority that dictates the formula, dictates also its inter- pretation. Only under two conditions can sub- scription to a formal creed produce uniformity of sentiment. The one condition is that already mentioned—spiritual despotism; the other is incapability of error. Happily the foundations of the first are shaken; unhappily the second is far from being realized. We are, however, tending towards its realization. Free thought, and free expression to thought, will ultimately establish truth ; nor can truth be established in any other way. This all philosophy, all history, all consciousness and experience prove.. And if this view be correct, it is contrary to history, to philosophy, and to moral and religious conscious- ness, to hope for " orthodoxy " as the result of subscription to a creed. Regarding the Bishop's ideal amalgamation of orthodoxy as a dream of Utopia, Mr. Binney proceeds to vindicate what he believes is pos- sible ; that is, supposing the Episcopal Protestant Churches were not to allow antiquated traditions to bar its realization:— " Setting aside, for the present, the idea of such a union of churches as would combine all in one great confederacy on certain specified terms and conditions, and which would thus secure a community of labour in pulpit services among the ministers of the different united bodies—suffer me to offer a word or two on the interchange of pulpits, as distinct from everything else,churches and denominations continuing as they are. This is a subject which may be looked at from a ground different from that taken by your Lordship. It ought to be contemplated, too, in connection with the principles and convictions of all parties concerned. Instead of looking to new ecclesiastical arrangements, either for liberty to act or security in acting. I believe that an interchange of pulpit services between ministers of different churches is a thing that should rather spring from and be regulated by their mutual knowledge of and confidence in each other. If, indeed, the ministers of any church are under an interdict, unable to act, their inability will need to be removed by some ecclesiastical change in their own body ; but this being done, liberty to act secured to them, then, I submit, the exercise of that liberty might safely be left to the men themselves. There is no difficulty in knowing what bodies of Christians, as such, agree together substantially in the essential princi- ples of the evangelical faith; within these, again, individuals of classes have affinities and attractions which, without law, draw them towards each other, and which are far more to be depended on than any that law could origi- nate or prescribe. Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Baptists, Independents, thus, as bodies, know each other, and their ministers, as such, have the ability to interchange pulpits if they please and when they please, without their previously adopting, with a view to that, a common formula of belief. Now, for the sake of illustration, let us suppose that in each of these bodies there are schools and sections of "heretical preachers," Romanists and Ra- tionalists in everything but the name—the sound and ortho- dox portions in any one of them have already far more security against the introduction into its pulpits of the unsound ministers of the others than could be conferred by their all agreeing to your Lordship s conditions. They have it in spiritual sympathy ; in instincts and feelings belonging to a common inward nie, in addition to their adherence to a common faith, for there is this amongst them, though they have not signed a common formula. By these it is that inter- changes are regulated—public acts which involve fraternal recognition and indicate substantial doctrinal agreement, without leading to any misapprehension in observers without, or any clashing of the heterogeneous elements which(by sup- position) there may be within." This is the language alike of calm deliberation and of warm fraternal esteem and regard ; and to the attainment of this union there is no religious obstacle, no intellectual obstacle. Whatever hindrances may exist, they are formal, technical, ritual, traditional. Neither the philosophy of religion as a system, nor the sympathy of religious life, can present even the slightest barrier to a federation such as Mr. Binney asks for. And this, every warm- hearted Episcopalian is conscious of. But then these "customs," these "traditions," these barbaric relics of days of intellectual darkness, so ill be- fitting Protestant Churches to cherish, are not- withstanding retained as if, with their abandon- ment, all religious truth, religious hope, religious sympathy would be for ever lost. Thus men are slaves to ancient absurdities ; some to absurdities in Church, others to absurdi- ties in State ; but all more or less slaves to absurdities, when absurdity robes itself in the garb of antiquity. The Lord Mayor of London persists in rumbling over the stones of Cheapside in a grotesque chariot of gingerbread and gold. The Speaker of the House of Commons inhales power and reflects dignity through "that bauble" the mace. Without a gingerbread coach, and a mace, who would be Lord Mayor, or Speaker ? And whatever may be the venerable "baubles" of State, they are well supported by the venerable " customs " of the Church. No doubt these baubles have had their significancy and these customs their uses. But who would tolerate a gingerbread coach for the Lord Mayor if it precluded his freely mixing with his brother citizens? Who would not play the part of Cromwell over again if the mace upon "the table of the' House" restricted freedom of debate, or restricted the franchise of the people ? These "baubles" are only baubles; men may laugh over them, but they do not mourn over them. Far different, however, are the antiquated customs which, without support from Scripture, without countenance from philosophy, in spite of mutual esteem and good will, yet avail to keep open " gulfs" of separation between those who are united in heart, life, and doctrine ? We feel unable to withhold the following ex- tract from the concluding portion of Mr. Binney's letter :— "My letter," says your Lordship, "has certainly not bridged the ecclesiastical gap that separates its ; on the other hand I do not think it has widened the breach." So far as the "gap" may be said to be personal—something interposed between you and me as Christian men—I can truly say that I care little about it. I don't look at it, or want to see it -, it does not affect my feelings of affection or my sentiments of respect. But, ecclesiastically speaking, regarded as a barrier—a sunk fence—between different "Evangelical Churches" as such, that is another matter. In this respect I do not think your Lordship has widened the "gap," but I think you have thrown light upon it—you have brought it fully into view—you have reminded us of its width and depth—you have shown it to be of such a nature that it never can be "bridged" by any human skill or contrivance. Disguise the matter as we may —lose sight of it as we often do—amid the courtesies of pri- vate life, from personal regard, in social intercourse, or on the platform of religious or philanthropic societies—hide it from ourselves, keep silent about it, do what we like to cover or conceal it, the fact is, and it is better at once honestly to look at it, that the Episcopalian clergyman cannot recognise the "orders" of the ministers of other Evangelical churches—he cannot regard the men as ministers of Christ in the full and proper meaning of the words—he cannot admit their official standing or recognise their official acts. He may respect them as men, love them as Christian men, admire and esteem them as earnest and eloquent advocates of the truth ; but to him they are not ministers—they have not been Episcopally ordained, and are therefore not ordained at all ; their sacramental acts are invalid ; their preaching is without authority—properly speaking, indeed, they cannot " preach," though they may " give a word of exhortation;" whatever they may be thought by themselves or others, the ministers of Non-Episcopal Churches are, in the view of tne Anglican clergy, laymen and nothing else. All this necessarily follows from the " tradition of eighteen centuries," when, as in the case of your Lordship, a man has no doubt of its being an " apostolic tradition, and of " inspired authority." The gist of the whole thing lies here. This principle touches and colours all thought—it interposes a bar to all action. Every scheme, plan, proposal for union or co-operation will be wrecked upon this rock, shattered to atoms by the breakers which play round the position your Lord- ship occupies, and from which you look out with such a calm consciousness of perfect security. Or, to take your Lord- ship's own figure, wow stand on one side of the "gap " or gulf, and all Non-Episcopal Churches and ministers on the other ; and that gulf, guarded, watched over, kept open by the divine powers that reside in the words "apostolic," "inspired," and such like, how in the world is it ever to be " bridged " by mortal man? It never can be, nor will it ever close to admit the separated parties to come together, till there shall be thrown into it, sent down to the bottom and buried there, a goodly number of the " customs " and "traditions" of past ages. Though I speak thus, I am by no means insensible to the good that there may be in tradi- tions and customs ; I am not ignorant, either, how far some churches may surpass others, as to the degree in which they approach the customs and order of apostolic times ; ' I am not indifferent to the questions and consequences involved in or flowing from this; but sure I am, that, with the mere hints and germs of things, which we have in the New Testament ; with the uncertainty which belongs to the first age, the evi- dence of Jerome and the arguments of Chillingworth not- withstanding ; with the fact facing us that your orders are as invalid as mine in the view of that church which, in ona sense, is the Mother of us all ; on these and other grounds that might be mentioned—I feel that it is not wise for any Protestant Church whatever, either to assert that it is modelled exactly after an apostolic pattern, or to assume for itself, in relation to its ordinations and orders, such an ex- clusive validity as, in effect, to unminister all other Pro- testant ministers. But to this, my Lord, your tradition leads,—a tradition, with you, "apostolic" as to its age, and of " inspired authority " as to its character and source. Con- sistently with this, it is impossible for you to recognize the ministerial acts, standing, or office of the clergy of the non episcopal "Evangelical Churches ;" and so long as that is the case, you can never co-operate with them, or they with you, on equal terms. A few days ago, another long letter appeared from the Btshop, which we disposed of in the following; manner in the Advertiser of January 13\. We here reproduce the ..article for the perusal of friends at home: The Bishop of Adelaide has written in reply to the last letter of Mr. Binney. Our readers will remember that letter, and especially those power- ful passages which laid bare the true reason of the inability of Episcopal Churchmen to frater- nize with the ministers of other denominations. We must confess to having read the Bishop's letter with feelings of pain. All who are ac- quainted with the history of this most extraor- dinary attempt at Christian union will at once recollect the warm and inviting terms in which the Bishop first courted the acquaintance of Mr. Binney. The ardent language of his Lordship naturally led Mr. Binney to believe that the hour of fraternal union had really arrived. That ardent language, also, found a glad response in the breasts of numerous mem- bers of the Church of England, who had long wished for the demolition of the miserable barrier that separated kindred spirits. That ardent language awoke a responsive echo from the lips of His Excellency, from many persons of high and commanding influence, from the press in all its sections, and from no mean portion of the South Australian public. Delusive hopes ! The voice of opposition was heard ; the Bisliop was alarmed at his own outspokenness. His clergy called him back ; he hasted to retreat ; and as he retraced his footsteps, drew arrow after arrow from the quiver of controversy to show why he ought not, as a minister, to recognise the orders of another minister, in whose favor he had a short time before made so enthusiastic a demonstration. We are desirous not to be misunderstood. We fully admit that the clergy of the Episcopal Church have as much right to insist upon the essential nature of Prelatical ordination as the non Episcopal clergy have to insist upon its indiffe- rence. We will also do the Bishop the justice of saying that he argues well for the new ecclesias- tical position he has now taken up. Perhaps he may say that it is not a new position ; that it is quite compatible with the impassioned language he originally addressed to Mr. Binney. Then let it be so. We have no wish to show that the Bishop has affirmed direct opposites, either in facts or arguments. But this we insist upon, that the effect of the Bishop's reasoning at first, and of his reasoning now, is totally different. At first the question was-Why can we not unite? Now the question is-How can we unite ? At first the Bishop could not see what separated himself and clergy, ministerially, from Mr. Binney. Now the Bishop cannot "see by what means he and his clergy can ministerially co-operate with Mr. Binney. At first the Bishop's language stimulated every liberal element in the Churches. Now his language chills every liberal aspiration and re-animates the soul of torpid forms ; the cavilling spirit of antiquated maxims. At first the Bishop's lan- guage excited popular hope in the Millenium of Christian charity ; now it dashes that hope to the ground, and conrpels the unwilling belief that Christian Churches and Christian Union are incompatible terms. Addressing Mr. Binney, the Bishop says " Had it been all along seen, as you now clearly see, that we cannot recognise your orders (though we do not take upon ourselves to reject as ineffectnous your ministerial acts of bap- tizing in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost), I should not have been asked, as I have frequently been, to admit Non- Episcopalian ministers to officiate in our Churches, burial-grounds, schoolrooms, and to co-operate with them in works essential to the prophetical office of the ministry, such as distribution of religious tracts, missions to the bush, Sunday-school teachers' union, and lately to open our pulpits unconditionally for their use. The rule, nowever, on which we act has been plainly laid down for us. We do not forbid Non-Episcopalian ministers to ' cast out devils by preaching Christ's name and His Gospel, because they follow not us ;' but neither, on the other hand, do we find any warrant for '(following' them. " His Lordship then justifies repudiation of'Mr. Binney's ministerial status by means of the fol- lowing quotations : [From the Preface of the Ordination Service.] " It ia evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the Apostles' time there have been these Orders of ministers in Christ's Church -Bishops, Priests, and Deacons ; which offices were ever- more had in such reverend estimation, that no man might presume to execute any of them except he were first called, tried, examined, and known to have such qualities as are re- quisite for the same ; and also by public prayer, with imposi- tion of hands, were approved and admitted thereunto by lawful authority. And, therefore, to the intent tliat these Orders may be continued, and reverently used and esteemed in the United Church of England and Ireland, no man shall be accounted or taken to he a lawful Bishop, Priest, or Deacon in the United Church of England and Ireland, or suffered io exe- cute, any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and admitted thereunto according to the form hereafter following, or hath had formerly Episcopal consecra- tion or ordination." The twenty-third Article :^ " It ia not lawful for any man to take upon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the congregation before he be lawfully called and sent to execute the same ; and those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent, which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send ministers unto the Lord's vineyard. The Bishop, fortified by these quotations, then remarks : " Could I then as an honest man, invite you to preach in our pulpits? But as. I could not do so, I felt 'pressed in spirit' to shew you how I and multitudes of others in the Church of England valued piety, eloquence, and ability, in non-Episcopalian ministers ; and how much we wished that tliey would reconsider those points of discipline which they number with 'things indifferent,' but are we bound in con- science to hold fast as being of Apostolic origin and possess- ing scriptural authority. Neither Lutheran», nor Calvinista, nor Wesleyans, nor even 'independent' Independents, like yourself, assert Episcopacy or Creeds to be unscriptural or unlawful, though they maintain that they are ' not of obli- gation.' Non-Episcopalians then would violate no rule of conscience by adopting either one or the other ; either a freely elected Episcopate in its primitive form, or a form of sound words, whereby '?the mink fence' of which you speak, between the Episcopal and more recent Denominational Presbyterian Churches, would so far be tilled up and disappear." In other words, if Mr. Binney and his co- religionists will become Churchmen, then, and not till then, will Churchmen fraternize with them. We do not blame Churchmen for hold- ing this sentiment ; but we do think that if such was the opinion .of the Bishop when he wrote his first loving letter to Mr. Binney, he allowed his affections greatly to preponderate over his judg- ment. The cause of complaint is not that his Lordship entertains such views, but because entertaining such views, he originated a move- ment based on the supposition that his views were widely different. His Lordship thus felicitates himself upon the discomfiture of those " eager spirits " who, fool- ishly following his guidance, have found them- selves left in the lurch :- I " I am not sorry that some few eager spirits, who attempted to clear the 'sunk fence'at a bound, should have stumbled and fallen therein ; or to adopt your military metaphor, they have not blown in the counterscarf of the ditch, and planted their balmers on the breach of a ruined Episcopacy. That fortress we cannot abandon ; because we believe its bulworks to be of apostolic origin and to have the sanction of Scripture. And if our non-episcopalian friends cannot join it and form part of the garrison, let them believe and give us credit for acting 'conscientiously' in maintaining our ministerial reserve. Let them cease to talk of 'dominant Church,' 'in- tolerant hierarchy,' Sec, as the cause of disunion. We have as much right to remain Episcopalians, as they had to become non-Episcopalians. The fox*s in the fable were justified in declining to reform themselves by a ' fraternal curtailment.' " Passing by the elegant reference to curtailed clergymen, we next quote the Bishop on creeds. His Lordship says : " Look to the history of Protestantism itself! What Pro- testant Church did not, at the Reformation, put forth its Confession ? Is that of Augsburgh a dead letter ? Not until the Helvetic Confession of Calvin's Church had been abro- gated by the Rationalistic Government of Genoa as a test for its State Clergy, did a new evanqelical reformation, inaugu- rated by D'Aubigne and Malan, become necessary there. Let me further ask what has become of the orthodoxy of the old Presbyterian Churches in England? What is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of "Antrim? Was it not from the absence of a creed that the Lady Hewley Charity caine to be dragged into a court of law ? Did the absence of articles pre- vent the' 'Rivulet' controversy, and prevent the foun- tain of Gospel truth pure and undented? Not long ago I had the pleasure of receiving from you a sermon, entitled ,'The Apostles's Creed.' Now, if the Apostles held a creed, that is certain truths in- dispensable to the Gospel of Salvation, and if you have endeavored to define these truths, surely a creed in itself is neither useless nor needless, ' yourself being judge.' I might also refer to your friends, the Wesleyans, whom you once offended, by plainly telling them ' that they must be either Dissenters'or Schismatics ;' yet they have a creed, and a tolerably long one, too-one, also, of purely uninspired composition, which, nevertheless, you yourself have morally subscribed before you preached in their chapel ! I know not whether you are Arminian or Calvinist, or neither. But every Wesleyan minister is bound by Wesley's model trust deed to preach no ' doctrine or practice contrary to what is contained in certain notes on the New Testament, commonly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley, and in the first four volumes of sermons commonly reputed" to bewritteu and published by him. ' Talk of Popery and the Council of Trent, and of the infallibility of the Pope ! 'These are ' motes' not more huge than this Wesleyan beam.' " Again, we say, that all this is vel*y good eccle- siastical argument against the union of High Church and Independency ; but surely the Bishop kuew from the beginning of the correspondence what his own convictions were-knew what the views of his clergy were-knew what the Epis- copal body generally believed- knew the general tenor of Mr. Binney's sentiments-knew the general sentiments of the non-Episcopalian deno- minations of this colony ? Surely he knew all this ; and, if so, why did he raise the standard of union, if only to trail it in the mire with his own hands as soon as an enemy approached ? Was he not the standard bearer ? Was he not nobly supported? Yet has he disappointed the hopes of those who thought they saw iu him the leader of a new religious reform. The Bishop has lacked the moral courage to carry out his own first-ex Eressed intentions, and he now retires from the onorable position which he once occupied, con- demned by those whose hopes he has deceived, and mistrusted by those to whose objections he has sacrificed his first and better thoughts. The ordinary religious movements of the com- munity continue healthily progressive. New ministers arrive, new congregations are formed, new churches and chapels are built, and old ones are enlarged. The various religious societies are in full working operation, and the voluntary principle continues to justify the hopes of its friends. We append a few local paragraphs : KAPUNDA.-On Christmas and two following days, the new Wesleyan Chapel was opened for Divine service. Appropriate sermons were preached by the Rev. W. Butters, the President of the Australian Wesleyan Church, and the Rev3. W. Oldham and J. B. Water- house. The weather was most propitious, though a little cold and stormy early on the morning of Christmas Day. The congregations throughout were most excel- lent. The great interest taken by the inhabitants generally in the erection, and the aid and counte- nance given at the opening of this place of worship by the ministers and members of other Churches, were exceedingly gratifying ; indeed, it would j appear that although little has been said or written in this neishbor hood on the great religious question of the day, there is a greater approximation amongst the religionists of Kapunda to the Union which the New Testament enforces. " Love one another,'' than in some other parts of the colony. This pleasing state of things is not the i esult of any new movement, but has been existing amongst us or some time ; and instead of de- stroying the separate action or crippling the energies of the different sections of the Church, or even leading to the domination of any one of them, and, consequently, the submergence of the others, has to a certain extent secured then- present position and prosperity. In 1857 the church accommodation of Kapunda was very limited, but at the present time we have four places of worship ; three lately erected at a cost of £4,000, capable of affording accommodation to 1,500 persons. According to announcement, on Monday, 27th inst., a tea meeting was held in the new building, at which about 350 persons were present. The tables being removed, the public meeting was commenced' by the Rev. W. Brown, the resident minister, giving out a hymn, when the President engaged in prayer. Captain Rodda, at the unanimous request of the Trastees, having con- sented to preside over the meeting, on taking the chair referred to the great pleasure it gave him to be present on that occasion. After alluding in appropriate terms to the large and handsome building in which they were then assembled, and the position which, as a Church, thoy would now be enabled to take in the town and neighbor- hood, concluded an address of much interest by calling on one of the Treasurers to present to the meeting the financial statement of the Trustees. The Rev. W. Brown, after reading from the Treasurer's book the re- ceipts and disbursements up to that date, stated that, as the chapel was not yet finished, but was in ourse of com- pletion, a full report of the entire cost and a perfect balance-sheet could not then be presented ; but tho esti- mated cost was about £2,200, towards which nearly £1,450 had been received, leaving a debt of about £750. Very excellent and spirited addresses were then delivered by the reverend the President, the Revs. Messrs. Waterhouse, Oldham and Brown ; and Messrs.' W. Lewis and D. Nock. The appeals on behalf of the chapel were most liberally re- sponded to, so that at the close of the 'meeting, the treasurer found the proceeds of the public collections to be £44 6s. 7d ; tea meeting, £26 6s. 3d. ; subscrip- tions, £34 19s. 6d. ; weekly payments varying from 4s. to 6s., £64 8s. ; that they were able to place the noble sum of £170 on the credit side of their account, thus at once reducing the probable debt to within £600 ; _ and when the remaining subscriptions promised, amounting to £53 Ss., shall be paid, the balance remaining will, it is hoped, not exceed £550. Several excellent pieces were sung with great taste and effect by the choir during tho ser- vices under the leadership of Mr. Bolus. After votes of thanks to the ladies, who had gratuitously provided trays for the tea, and the ministers who had csnducted the services, and the choir for their excellent music, and also to the Chairman, which was suitably acknowledged, these happy and most successful services were brought to a close. The Chapel, which is in the Gothic style, and is built of a beautiful blue stone, the gift and from the quarry of the Hon. Captain Bagot, has been erected from the plans and under the superintendence of Edmund W. Wright, Esq., architect. Adelaide. The inside measure- ment, exclusive of porch, is 65 feet by 38 feet, and the height to the ceiling 27 feet, including an end gallery which is occupied by the choir. It is capable of accom- modating 600 persons. It stands almost in the centre of the several townships forming Kapunda, on the side of a hill facing the flagstaff range of hills which divide the Light from, the Valley of the Gilbert, presenting a mo3t imposing appearance, and reflects great credit on Mr. Wright, the architect, and the contractors, Messrs. Frv, Harding, & Phillips. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST, PAUL'S CHURCH (LUTHERAN), LOBETHAL. On Monday afternoon, December 27th, the township of Lobethal presented a gay and bustling appearance-flags flying, and visitors from Hahndorf and other places arriving. At about 3 o'clock, Wm, Milne. Esq., M.P., accompanied by other gentlemen, arrived, when a procession was formed opposite Mr. T. Weinert's store, headed by six girls, dressed in light apparel, bearing the bottle contain ing a written document in German and English that was to be placed on the foundation-stone. The procession walked to the church ground, when Pastor Feidler gave out a Ger- man hymn, which was sung. After offering up prayer he delivered an animated and appropriate address, founded on the first 11 verses of the 3rd chapter of the 1st Corin- thians. At the close of the address another verse was sung. Wm. Milne, Esq., M.P., then took the trowel in hand, and showed his ability as a craftsman. When the stone had found its resting-place Mr. Milne gave a short and appro- priate address. He then placed the bottle in a cavity pre- .pared for it, and read the document which it contained, as follows :- " Under the good providence of God, the foundation stone of this church was laid on the 27th day of December, 1858, being the 22nd year of the reign of our beloved and gracious Queen Victoria, and the 4th year of the governorship of Sir Richard G. MacDonnell, of this colony. The object for which this building is erected is the pro- mulgation of the principles of the Lutheran Church, founded on the Word of God (usually called the Holy Bible). "This Society commenced its operations on the 10 Sunday after Trinity (August 15, 1858), at Lobethal. "Mr. John D. G. Weinert presented this Soc'ety with the land on which this building is erected, and other adjacent land (one half-acre, inclusive), freehold, placed on perpetual trust, as per deed, and situated near the main line of road through Lobethal, as per plan of Lobethal, deposited. " The name of this Church is St. Paul's ; the occasion of its erection is a difference of views taken by its supporters as to discipline of the Old and Established Church and Society in Lobethal, now and long since under the pastorate of G. D Fritzsche. "This stone was laid by William Milne, Esq., M.P.,assisted by Adelbere Feidler, Pastor to this Society, who delivered an address, &c;, on the occasion. _"Names of the Trustees-John D. G. Weinert, Heinrich Polle, Carl Weigand, Trougott Weinert, Frederick Garhard, Christian Pfennig, Julius Schlien." Mr. Cammert immediately after read a copy of the same in German. Singing, and prayer by the pastor, closed this interesting ceremony. This was the first tea meeting ever held amongst the Ger- mans in this locality. THE BAPTIST CHURCH, KERMODE-STREET, NORTH ADELAIDE.-This' church, in order to obtain funds for the ¡[erection of a larger place of worship, en- gaged the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street, on Sunday. December 19, when'three sermons were preached ; that »in the morning by Mr. JW. Gjirr, minister of the abovo church ; that in the afternoon by the Rev. F. W. Cox ; and that in the evening by Mr. George Prince. Collec- tions were made after each service, but owing to the un? favorable state of the weather the small amount of £6 only was collected. On Monday evening a tea and public meeting took place. About 200 persons partook of an excellent repast, provided by the ladies friendly to the cause. The public meeting, over which Captain Scott, presided, was addressed by Messrs. Pelgram Gurr, Daniels, Bakewell, Hooper, White, Badger, and Mason. The meeting was enlivened by several pieces of sacred music, which were most creditably sung by the youthful choir of Salem. The necessity of the object for which the meeting was called was acknowledged by all, and a good feeling pervaded, but owing to the present depressed tate of trade the amount collected was comparatively mall.-From a Correspondent. COSOMANDEL VALLEY.-On Wednesday, the 15th instant, Wm. Owen, Esq., delivered his promised lecture on "Feejee and the Feejeans" in the schoolroom of this place. Peter Cumming, Esq., was called to th» . chair. The walls of the room were hung with large pieces of the nativo cloth, a chiefs dress, and a chart showing the relative position of the islands of the group, and by difference of colour distinguishing between the Christianized and unchristianized portions. The lecturer added greatly to the interest of many of his description» of Feejean character, habits, and propensities, by a col- lection of their manufacturers, clubs, bows, mats, dresses, fishing lines, spears, &c.; ; also a sample of cotton grown on one of the islands. Many of these were handed round for inspection, while the lecturer threw in diversified anecdotes of a sombre and humorous description, as ha described the hows and whys of the various specimen» of Feojean ingenuity. Mr. Owen concluded a very inte- resting lecture by a warm testimony to the good effected by, and the wonderful success of,the missionary labours in the islands. Mr. Owen has since been lecturing on the same subject in various places in and about'the metropolis. ARRIVAL OF A WELSH MINISTER AT THE BURRA.-A correspondent informs us of the long-ex- pected arrival of the Rev. J. Jones, of Pontypool College, Wale», as Minister of the District of Kooringa. Four sermons were preached on behalf of the Welsh Bap- tist Church on Sunday, the 12th inst., by the Revs. J. Jones and Wright, and Messi-B. Edwards and Dale, to crowded congregations. On the following Monday a public tea meeting -was held in the Independent Chapel, at which above 250 persons were present. After regaling themselves on the good things which had been gratui- tously provided by the Welsh ladies, the meeting ad- journed to the more commodious chapel of the Primitivo Methodists, where some excellent and appropriate ad- dresses were delivered by Messrs. Robinson, Dale, Hu- man, Colvill, and Stephens. The meeting was afterward» addressed by the Rev. Mr. Jones, who was enthusiasti- cally received and loudly applauded. 