COLONIAL PARLIAMENT: NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. THE SPEAKER took the' chair at twenty-five minutes past three o'clock. NEW MEMBERS. Thomas Laidlaw, elected member for Yass Plains, and Mr. James Dickson, for West Maitland, took their oaths and their seats., I. am" ARMIDALE MAGISTRATES. Mr. HART moved, " With reference to the papers relating to the Armidale Magistrates, laid upon the table on the 9th April last. If the Hon. the Chief Secretary did not, upon receipt of the letter dated January, 1859, from those magistrates, make a minute thereon directing that a supersedeas should issue against them ? 2 At whose suggestion, or for what reason, was that direction not carried out? 3. Have the magistrates who signed this letter, since the date thereof, returned to their Bonds duties? If not, is it the intention of the Government to I remove them, and appoint others in their stead? 4. Be it in contemplation by the Government to issue a new General Commission of the Peace ? If so, when ?" Mr. COWPER said that in regard to the first question he did not issue a " supersedeas" against the magistrates. He had written a letter of remonstrance to them, and if they had tendered their resignations they would have been accepted. The information which was the cause of the letter of complaint came from the clerk of the Bench. since the letter written from his office, he believed the magistrates had attended to their bench duties. DEPARTMENTAL ARRANGEMENTS Mr. FORSTER asked the Government, "Is it intended by the Government in carrying out the proposed division of the department of Land and Works to abolish or in- corporate with any other office the office of Chief Commissioner of Railways?" Mr. COWPER said that there was a proposed division of the duties of lands and public works, but he was not prepared to enter into any details of what the alterations might be. Air. FORSTER did not know whether the hon. member (Mr. Cowper) declined to answer the question or not Air. COWPER did not think it necessary to give any further answer. Mr. FORSTER did not wish to complain of the hon. Premier's reply, but he should move that his words declining to answer the question be taken down. The SPEAKER, on appeal, said that the Premier stood in the same position as any other member of that House, and words out of order could be taken down as with other members. Mr. FORSTER had no wish to annoy the Premier. He had asked a question, and an answer had been declined. He was quite content to withdraw his motion, and bow to the suggestion of the Speaker. Mr. ROBERTSON said the matter would be brought under consideration when the Estimates were under consideration. It would then be seen what alteration in departments were necessary, and what they could bear. DENISON BRIDGE. Air. ROTTON asked the Secretary for Lands and Public Works, " AA ion it is intended to carry out the works for the protection from floods of the Denison bridge, over the Macquarie River, at Bathurst, for which the money was voted by the last Parliament?" Mr. ROBERTSON said, the thorough repair of the bridge had been for some time past, and was still, in progress. This was a part of the work for which money was voted. It was not intended, however, to proceed with the remainder, which consisted in the addition of another bay to the bridge, of small span on the east side, until the action of the river rendered it necessary, and showed at the some time precisely the best course to take. SEPARATION OF MORETON BAY. Air. DARVALL obtained leave to postpone until next Friday week, the resolutions standing in his name, in reference to Moreton Bay. PETITION. Mr. JONES presented a petition from certain teachers, praying that in front of change in existing educational arrangements, provision be made that teachers be appointed by the Central Board only, and retain office during good behaviour. . Petition received. CHIEF JUSTICE LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. HAY asked the Colonial Secretary, " Whether it be the fact that the Chief Justice has applied for leave of absence in consequence of the state of his health and if so, whether the Government will not take the necessary steps to bring the claim before the Legislature ? Mr. COWPER said the present Government were dis- couraged by applications for leave of absence. They understood it to be the policy of the Legislature not to encourage them. Two or three applications had been made to the Government, and declined-that of the Chief Justice not being the first. Under those circumstances and on the grounds stated by the Chief Justice (which he understood were in print and circulated among hon, members) the Government did not see their way to bring this matter before the Legislature. Mr. HAY : Were the other applications for leave of absence made on the ground of ill-health ? Mr. COWPER, was not aware that they were. He did not understand the Chief Justice's application to be on the ground of ill-health. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL CONSTITUTION. Mr. ROTTON asked the Colonial Secretary : " If he has any objection to state to this honorable House when he intends to introduce the bill, alluded to in his Excellency the Governor-General's Speech, for altering the constitution of the Legislative Council, which his Excellency remarks " is evidently of pressing importance ;" and when it is intended that bill shall come into operation ? " Mr. COWPER replied that the Government had not yet finally determined whether the bill should be introduced first into the Assembly or the Council. It was nearly prepared, and would be brought forward in one House or the other without any needless delay. He could hardly imagine that the bill would come into operation so as to affect the legislation of the present session. BUNGONIA BRIDGE. Mr. MURRAY WA asked the Secretary for Lands and Public Works, " Whether the Government has any intention of constructing a bridge over the creek passing through the town of Bungonia ?" Mr. ROBERTSON said the Government did intend to construct a bridge over the creek passing through Bungonia. The works last year were very numerous, owing to the two sessions of Parliament coming so near together. The Government were, however, pushing them on as fast as possible, and the necessary plans and specifications for the bridge in question would be prepared as soon as an officer was available to complete them. MORETON BAY SUPREME COURT. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL laid upon the table of the House a copy of the rules of the Supreme Court at Moreton Bay, to 19th August, 1859. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION. Mr. JONES asked the Colonial Secretary whether the Government intend to ask the Legislature, this session, to make any provision towards establishing telegraphic communication between the Australian colonies and the United Kingdom ; or to submit any other proposition in reference to this subject and if so, when the views of the Government are likely to be placed before this House? Mr. COWPER: The Government in the first instance thought it desirable to refer this important subject for the report of Captain Martindale, the superintendent 01 telo grapha. The report of that gentleman had only been received that morning. As soon as they had had time to consider the subject they would determine whether they could submit the proposition made by Mr. Gisborne or any other proposition to the House. There would be no unnecessary delay. CRIMINAL CROWN SOLICITOR. Mr. HAY asked the Colonial Secretary,-" Do the Government propose to apply the principle of the Superannuation Act to the case of the late Criminal Crown Solicitor, removed from office after long and meritorious service, in consequence of changes in the organisation of the law department ?" Mr. COWPER: The Criminal Crown Solicitor had been requested to send in his claim for any compensation to which he might feel himself entitled in consequence of the loss of office. That claim, when received, would be submitted to the consideration of the Legislature. The Government, of course, contemplated giving that officer compensation for the loss of his office. BILLABONG. :"-:~ Mr. HAY asked the Secretary for Lands and Public Works,-" Have the Government received any report from District Surveyor Adams, with respect to the Billabong Dams ? Do the Government intend to bring in a bill for regulating the construction of dams on the Billabong Creeks Mr. ROBERTSON The Government had received a report from Mr. Adams. There was a cause pending in the Supreme Court, and the papers were now under the control of the Court. The Government did intend to bring in a bill, Mr. HAY: Was there a copy in the hands of the Government ? Mr. ROBERTSON : A copy could be easily obtained. Mr. HAY: Perhaps, there would be no objection to lay it on the table of the House. Mr. ROBERTSON: No objection. CORPORATIONS WASTE LANDS. Mr. ROBERTS asked the Secretary for Lands and Public Works, " Whether it is the intention of the Government to take any, and what steps, for placing at the dis- post of the various Corporations called into existence under the Municipalities Act, any reserves or waste lands of the Crown, situate within the limits of those Corpora- tions, but more particularly of the Goulburn Corporation and if so, when " Mr. ROBERTSON said, although the question only applied particularly to Goulburn, it involved very large interests, and a very large amount of public property. As it was the intention of the Government, in the course of a day or two perhaps to-morrow to ask for leave to bring in certain measures for the administration of the public lands, perhaps the hon. gentleman would permit him to request that he should abstain from putting the question until he saw those bills. He thought he would And there a provision which would be if not satisfactory to him, to the House, and to the country yet one which would at least show that the Government had a disposition to deal with the question. TRIENNIAL PARLIAMENTS. , Dr. LANG, in accordance with notice, moved for leave to bring in a bill to limit the duration of the present and of all future Legislative Assemblies of New South Wales to three years. Even though it were not an extreme inconvenience to that House to have a debate on the principles of a bill on its first reading, he should not have availed himself of the present opportunity for saying anything further than that the bill which he asked leave to bring in was merely a copy, and had for precedent and warrant an Act of the neighbouring colony of Victoria, to which her Majesty had already given the Royal assent. He trusted this would be warrant and precedent sufficient to relieve him from the necessity of saying anything further than to make this motion, in the hope that the House would allow the bill to be brought in, and that the debate on its principles would be taken on the second reading. | The motion having been seconded, was put and carried. At a subsequent period the bill was read a first time, and ordered to be printed ; the second reading being fixed as an order of this day week. .'-' ." DAVID MORRIS. Mr. HODGSON moved, " 1. That a Select Committee 1 -wit h liberty to send for persons and papers be appointed to inquire into and report upon the claims of Mr. David Morris and others, who have been hitherto unable to obtain compensation for lands and tenements from which on account of railway purposes-they have been summarily ejected at Honeysuckle Point, Newcastle. 2. That such committee consist of Mr. Robertson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Flood, Mr. Jones, Mr. Close, Mr. Scott, Captain Russell, Mr. Cape, and the mover." He thought it would be necessary for him to trouble the House with a few remarks upon this motion, more especially as on the evening when he presented the petition the thin state of the House had been brought under notice by the hon. member for Sydney East, who had moved for an adjournment on that account. Many hon. members had not therefore had an opportunity of hearing the remarks made by the hon. member for Northumberland, or by the Hon. Secretary for Lands and Works, at whose instigation and suggestion he (Mr. H.) had taken the liberty of bringing forward this motion, He believed that this was a very hard and a very unjust case. It arose in this way.. In the year 1851, the Bishop of Newcastle issued to certain persons twenty-one years' leases of portions of land at Honeysuckle Point. The Bishop had no power to grant such leases; the land, which consisted of twenty-two acres, valued at £40,000, being in the hands of trustees ; yet he had done so on his own authority, and without consulting the trustees of the property. The leases being issued, the parties took possession of the land leased, built houses, and made improvements, in the idea that they would be allowed to hold possession during the term of their leases ; but, after they had been in possession three years, the Hunter River Railway Company took possession of the land under their Act. The Company was willing to give full compensation for the land taken and the improvements destroyed, but a difficulty arose-the leases all of turned out to be invalid, and the consequence was, that the Railway Company could not deal with these tenants. Thus, when this Company turned over their Jplnnt, ate, to the Government, the Government were in exactly the same position that the company had been in, and thus no remedy could be afforded. It did seem extraordinary to him that, when these leases were granted, the two gentlemen who were trustees did not step in and tell the Bishop that he was going beyond his power, and that he was there by placing these tenants in a peculiar and an unfortunate position. And it might be said that the tenants had a remedy against the Bishop, but hon. members must bear in mind that this land that had been taken was necessary for railway purposes, and had, therefore, to be taken on behalf of the Government. This being so, he trusted the House would not allow these persons to suffer an injustice merely because the Bishop had acted wrongly. He found, on looking through the records of the House, that there had been already presented to the House a petition signed by sixteen tenants of land at Honeysuckle Point, praying the House to take their case into consideration, and he need not therefore trouble the House by enumerating the cases of hardship and inconvenience that had occurred, he might, however, mention one case that had been brought under his notice -that of Mr. David Morris. This person had been for fifteen years holding an important position in the British Iron Company. Afterwards he was employed by the A. A. Company, where he amassed a small sum of money, the whole of which he expended in the erection of a carpenter's and wheelwright's shop on the land leased to him by the Bishop on Honeysuckle Point. He remained in this tenement for a period of three years, when one fine morning he was suddenly ordered to quit, or else his house would be pulled down. He did not quit, nor was his house pulled down, but he found that, during one night, his house had been blockaded by a fence seven feet in height, which prevented his egress for the ingress of assistance, so that he was obliged to borrow a hole beneath the fence in order to extricate himself and family. (Laughter.) It was no laughing matter for David Morris. He was obliged to leave Newcastle, and take another house, where business did not flow into his shop as was formerly the CUSP. That man (who was one of the thirty-two unfortunate tenants was one upon whom the circumstances pressed most seriously and injuriously for he was ruined. He (Mr. Hodgson) might mention that, if this select committee was appointed, there would be two distinct interests brought under their notice, namely, the interest of the trustees who held this land which was bought in 1844, under the auspices of Bishop Broughton, with the intention of founding upon it a college, the cost of the land being £800. Two gentlemen were appointed trustees, one, the present hon. member for Northumberland, the other a gentleman resident at Newcastle, Mr. Crossdale The land was allowed to lie idle until the Bishop of Newcastle arrived and took charge. Whatever was said of the part taken by the Bishop in this matter could not but lead to the reasonable supposition that he had acted under a misconception of the position in which he was placed with regard to these lands. It was more than probable that in consequence of certain moneys being provided for the purchase of this land by the Society for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts, he might have thought that he was, " ex officio" trustee of the land in conjunction with the two other gentlemen who were appointed. Whatever might have been the Bishop's opinion the results in this case were that the Hunter River Railway Company, in the first instance, and the Government, in the second, came to the conclusion that they could not deal with the occupants of this land at Honeysuckle Point, in consequence of the legal difficulties that arose- in going into the matter. In accordance with suggestions which had been made by the hon. Secretary for Lands and Works, lie (Mr. Hodgson) had asked for a select committee, to inquire into the injustice under which the lessees laboured, and to devise a remedy. He begged to amend the motion by omitting the names of Mr. Scott and Mr. Jones, and adding the name of Air. Loder as a member of the proposed committee. Dr. LANG seconded the motion. He did so at the instance of parties deeply interested in the matter. He had been informed by credible persons in that part of the colony, that this was a case of very great hardship, indeed, such as to demand the interference of that House. Mr. ROBERTSON thought the resolution scarcely de- fined the true state of the case. One would suppose, from reading it, that there had been some misconduct on the part of the Railway authorities. The motion ought to have said after the word " others," " holders of invalid leases ;" then it would be apparent what the object was. The case was simply this that the Bishop of Newcastle rented certain lands to certain persons on lease ; the railway department required to take some of these lands ; the law provided that the railway department could only compensate those who were deprived of legal tenure. On submitting this matter to the Crown law officers, they were of opinion that these holdings were not legal. Nothing else could be done under the circumstances than to refuse compensation. But if an injustice had been done to these people it might be a matter which could properly be considered by a committee of the House. If it was recommended by the House that there should be made from the public revenue a grant of money to assist those people, on that recommendation of course the Government would not, but in the present position of affairs it could not act. Mr- DARVALL hoped the House would not grant this committee unless it was prepared to affirm the principle that it would give relief wherever the law gave it Admitting the case to be one of hardship, cases of hardship occurred every day, and was the Government prepared to step in and make good all private losses occasioned by in -dividuals failing to carry out their contracts? See the enormous abuses that would be created if persons could claim indemnity, and obtain the active support of friends in that House, simply because their cases involved great hard- ship. The House had no right to give compensation where the law gave a distinct remedy against the Bishop of Newcastle. There was nothing in the case at present brought forward to show that it. came within the category of those for whom the injustice of which the courts of judicature did not pro- I vide a remedy. Whether the Bishop of Newcastle broke I his contract by buying a leg of mutton and refusing to pay for it, or illegally Issued leases without claim to the property, the principle was the same in the cage or both ! butcher and lessee. But here was a man who complained not that his land was taken without compensation, but because it was not on the grounds of want of title. If the indemnity should be given to that man, compensa- tion would have to be given to others, and the country would thus have to pay for these lands twice. The proper principle to be acted upon was, that he who created the evil should sustain the consequences. He could not consent therefore to an inquiry which he believed would be futile, and which won d open the door similarly to the unfortunate applicants on all hands. Mr. ROBERTS said he had no inclination to oppose any motion which was for the investigation of a matter by a committee, where there was a grievance ; but they seemed to have a right to assume that the Bishop of Newcastle was liable to the lessee, because every lease drawn up according to law, and properly framed, contained a clause, that if the lessee continued to pay the rent, then the lessee covenants that the lessee shall enjoy the possession of the land. Therefore, it did occur to him that Mr. Morris was not remedies, and the proper course was that suggested by the hon. member (Mr. Darvall). He admitted the force of the objection was sufficient to make him vote against the motion. The Government could only be responsible to the person having a legal claim to the property, and as the person in possession had no legal I claim, be had shown the House there was no valid reason why the House should interfere and grant this committee, because he told them the Bishop of Newcastle had ad mitted by his own troubles that he had assumed a power which he had no right to, and had granted these loans. He thought they had no right to interfere where the law offered redress ; he, therefore, felt inclined to oppose the motion. The hon. mover did not put this as an exceptional case, or wished them to consider the equity of the case, but he put it as a dry question of law, and as this person had his remedy at law, he did not think this House should interfere Mr. PLUNKETT said he hoped the doors of this House would be always open to persons who had a grievance to complain of, but if they entertained this case it would be making this House a refuge for the destitute, no intended to vote against this committee, because the House was called upon To apply the public money to be paid twice over. The Government had acted quite right in doing what was necessary to carry out the railway, but they did that on condition of paying to the rightful owner only for the injury done. It was said that the tenants were not the rightful owners, and that the Bishop of Newcastle made leases which he had no right to make, so that they had no titles and if the Government were those parties without a title, those who had a title might come in and claim, so that the country would be paying twice over. They were not informed up to the present moment who were the rightful owners, or whether the Bishop of Newcastle was, or any other person. He subscribed to all that had been said by the hon. member for Goulburn as to the liability of the Bishop of Newcastle for giving a title which he had no right to give But if he and his co trustees were the persons rightfully entitled to receive the money, they ought in justice to pay over the money to those persons who had been no injured. That was the course that ought to be taken, but they were not to stop the law. The law directed the Government to pay the money to the person rightfully entitled to it, and, therefore, if they granted this committee, it would be for the purpose of stopping the law, which they had no right to do, without passing a bill, or paying the money twice over. Mr. COWPER said he thought the House ought, at all events, to be consistent in its proceedings. He was certainly surprised to see the opposition made to the appointment of this committee, when he recollected the determination with which another case was carried through preceding sessions. The gentleman whose case he alluded to was not only refused compensation by tire Company, but he had his case decided by law, and yet afterwards the House gave him compensation. He was reluctant to pay this man the money because he had resorted to all his remedies ; but the House took this case out of the hands of the Commissioners, on the ground that this was a poor man. The hon. member who last spoke objected that this House should be made a refuge for the destitute : but he found there was a case in which the House had dealt with of railway claim in defiance of the law, and setting aside the law as it was stated. There was a particular provision in the Act which he desired to quote, and which provided that if property were made more valuable by the passing of a railway through a portion of the property then compensa- tion should not be given. This man's property was considered by arbitrators to have been increased in value, and therefore he had no claim. He applied to the Supreme Court, but for some reason his case was not heard, and then this House stepped in and gave him compensation ; although this was a case in which no grievous injury was done. The House was not now called on to vote any money, but simply to make enquiry and after the case of Peter Rawlings he should not oppose the motion, although he reserved to himself the right of dealing with the money when the report was brought up. Mr. DARVALL said, In the case of Peter Rawlings he had exhausted all his legal rights, but this person had not sought any remedy at all. Mr. FLOOD said, He scarcely thought the case quoted by the Colonial Secretary was at all analogous to the one under consideration. The case here was between two parties and the Government. They had made a claim on the Crown, and without being in a position to convey the land in question on which they made their claim. The case of Rawlings was this, under the law certain persons were appointed to value the property which might be damaged by the railway passing through the estate. The commissioners appointed to value valued his land at a certain price, and they also placed the increased value on the portion which had increased in value by the railway, and so brought him in debt £12. There was no reference to his having this property as a freehold, and which he had a clear title to, and he appealed to the Supreme Court for redress, but the Supreme Court could give him no redress. He then appealed to the Legislature, and they considered his CBBB a peculiarly hard one, and give him relief. He also considered, as he did then, his case was a hard one, because the other persons' property adjoining had increased in value, and they paid nothing to the country. He believed it was on this principle that the Legislature took up Mr. Rawlings' case. Now, the case here, it appeared from the honorable member that the party claimed, but could not give a title, and therefore he believed the money would not be paid over to any one who had not got the title. He had to convey some land some time ago, and he found some difficulty in getting the money until he gave the title. He hoped the honorable member would withdraw the motion, and he quite agreed with the honorable member (Mr. Darvall) that this was scarcely a case which the Legislature could deal with. Mr. CRIBB, generally speaking, agreed with the hon, and learned member (Mr. Darvall) that the House should not interfere in cases where the law could be appealed to. The precedent that had been quoted by the hon. member (Mr. Cowper) showed that the House had greater reason to interfere in this case than in that quoted. If, as had been said, there were thirty sufferers by the action of the railway authorities, and that they should institute thirty lawsuits he could understand why hon. and learned gentlemen opposite should agree to that course. But having a horror of lawsuits himself he would object to that mode of re- dress. Now if there was only a legal difficulty in this case, and they could remove it, why should they not do so? The motion was only one for inquiry, and they did not go out of their way by inquiring into it it did not follow that they should do anything further than appoint a committee. It was quite a mistake to say that the Government would pay the money twice over, for they could not pay it once. It appeared that the leases were given in good faith, and so received, and that the Bishop of Newcastle believed he had the power to give such leases. He hoped the committee would be appointed to inquire into the matter, and to see if the tenants were entitled in equity to any compensation, and be trusted if they were that they would receive it. Mr. SCOTT only regretted that when a similar motion was brought forward last session by the hon. member (Mr. Hodgson) there were so few hon. members present. As there was now a better attendance, and he was one of the trustees, he would explain the matter. The land in question, near Newcastle, was originally bought from the Government by him for some private individuals who desired to establish a proprietary school. In consequence of some of the purchase money not being paid up, they borrowed from the Bishop of Australia, the late Dr. Broughton, the sum of £500 which he held, belonging to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. Having lent the money, the Bishop had an interest in this piece of land, and to protect his interest he appointed Mr. Cross- dale, whilst the other proprietors appointed him (Mr. Scott). Afterwards, when the diocese of Newcastle was established, all this land was transferred to the present Bishop Tyrrel), whilst the title deeds were kept in Sydney. The Bishop it appears wog told, or understood, that he was the sole trustee, and seeing that the land was lying idle, ho out it up, and let it out on leases for twenty-one years. When the deeds were afterwards discovered in Sydney by Mr. James, he wrote to the trustees and wished them to rectify what had been done, but they found out that they had neither the power to let or sell the land, but simply to erect upon it a proprietary school. When the Bishop let this land. It was the duty of the tenants themselves to have got their leases properly and duly prepared. Instead of that, he was sorry to say, they went in a body and employed a prisoner of the Crown at Newcastle to draw out their leases, some lawyer he supposed, who had been sent there. (Laughter.) When the first railroad was established, the Company went under one clause of that Act, which was far too arbitrary, and quite unjust, and seized upon the Whole of this land-some nineteen or twenty acres as a terminus for the Newcastle railway. When this land was made over to the Government-the Government pursued the intentions of the first Company by taking the whole of the land, and used neediest force and hurry in expelling the poor tenants. (Hear, hear.) As trustee he would simply say-Mr. Crossdale being in England - that all he should look for would be for the full and equitable value of the fee simple of the land, so that these unfortunate poor people should get some sort of compensation for the injuries they had received. As trustee he would give up his claim to any such compensation. (Hear, hear.) Some hon. members had said, Why do not these tenants prosecute the Bishop? He believed that the richer tenants took the land on lease simply as a speculation, and that these gentlemen consulted and took legal advice on the subject. It had been found that these people had no redress whatever as against the Bishop. He should vote that the resolutions be submitted for the consideration of the committee, because he would not refuse a reasonable compensation to the poorer sufferers, (Hear, hear.) Mr. HAY could not understand why the poorer tenants should be compensated in preference to the rich, and, dealing with a question of this sort, they ought to make no distinctions between the rich and the poor. Some of these rich tenants might have made great improvements. They must decide upon the injury done to the tenants, and in deciding must not be influenced as to whether the persons were poor or rich. How this extraordinary deed should have so long remained in abeyance in Sydney, while people were allowed to settle on the land without any title at all, he could not imagine. It was rather extraordinary that this should not have been referred to on granting those leases. The Government had done nothing in this matter, and if the Trustees had pressed for a grant of the whole block of land, it might have been granted. He thought that in its grants of land, the law with respect to the right of railways should be laid down strictly. They should in all cases be careful of the law, so that grants once made should not be interfered with, and that the grantee should be protected from all interference. One uniform system of railway grants should be acted upon, and if necessary, should receive Legislative sanction. Mr. MURRAY thought it was rather ungracious to oppose the reception of this petition, which was only for enquiring into the circumstances of the case. It seemed to him somewhat inconsistent that the hon. member for Murray, who had just spoken, should oppose the principle on which the resolutions were based, and yet should consent to act on the coirliïiiltco. The hon. member for Canterbury, Who had formerly represented Newcastle, was of the same opinion as the hon. member for Murray. Now he (Mr. Murray) thought, if the House could agree to any thing, it was to redress the evils of public bodies or individuals. They had reason to know that in many cases it was mere folly to go into the Supreme Courts, and, therefore, he could see no reason why the House should not appoint an enquiry, and give the facts full consideration, and thus give justice to all parties concerned. Mr. HAY explained that although he had been requested to act on the committee by the hon. member for Newcastle (Mr. Hodgson), ho by no means assented to the principle contained in the resolution. Mr. DOUGLAS objected to the committee now asked for, because he thought it would place the Bishop of Newcastle in an unfair position, and that justice might not be done to all parties. Mr. HODGSON, in reply, said he thought there was no sUbject into which inquiry was respectfully asked, whether from the high or low, rich or humble, that should be refused. AN ought to be the same in that House. He did not think that the House should take a strictly legal view of this question, but an equitable view, and they would be able to decide by inquiry whether the leases in question were correctly drawn or not. There was this difficulty. The Government could not deal with this question until they got rid of those invalid leases. He should be happy, however, to fall in with the suggestion of the Honorable Secretary for Lands and Public Works, and add the words " the holders of invalid Cases." He hoped the House would come to the conclusion that a select committee was necessary, and that honorable members would not oppose his motion. Mr. MURRAY objected to the introduction of the words proposed to be added The SPEAKER said of course if one hon. member objected, the words could not be introduced. The question was then put, and the motion was carried by a majority of 32 to 25. Ayes, 32. Mr. Cowper Mr. Wilson Hodgson Robertson Sayers Mr. Vloit Weekes Hieronymus Fomell Hargrave Cummings G. Lang M'Arthur Broughton Macalister Black Cooper Oakes Byrnes Jamison Cribb Rotton Close Rev. Dr. Lang Hart DIokson Mr. Loder ) 1 Lyons Richardson Scott i Gray Murray Tellers. Noes, 27. Mr. Walsh Mr. Morris Mr. Forster Darvall ABher Mnophlllnmy Mort . Laidlaw Plunkett Hay Douglas Campbell Hamilton Hatitioook Wisdom Watt Bussell Nott v Capo Samuel Clements j Piddington Jenkins , Toller's. Parkes Roberta POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS. Air. DARVALL moved, "That the proposed increase of postage on newspapers transmitted to and from the United Kingdom is inexpedient, and at variance with the understanding upon which the mail service has been subsidised, and ought not to be impose 1 without the concurrence of the local Legislature. 2. That an address be presented to the Governor-General praying that his Excellency will be pleased to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolution to her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for- the colonies." It would be in the recollection of hon. members that at the time the subsidy to which he had alluded was granted by the local LoeisU ture, the transmission of newspaper.-) to England and back was much more expensive than it was at present ; the passage across the Isthmus at that time being on the blacks of camels, instead of by the aid of a railway. Therefore whatever rate of postage was then levied, it might fairly be anticipated would bomainfainod during the continuance of the contract made at that time for the carriage of letters and newspapers. It was not then, and had not been for many years past, an object of the Government to make this branch of the public service self-supporting. It was considered that the advantages derived from regular communication with England, and the receipt and transfer of newspapers, would largely compensate for the expenses incurred. He had, therefore, in introducing his resolution, ventured to say that the proposed increase of pistnsro was at variance with the understanding upon which the mail service had been subsidised. It was the intention, be up prehended, in granting that subsidy, that the rate of postage (at that time very low being itself an inducement to grant that subsidy, should be maintained, It had not very long ago been determined upon by the Government that had preceded that now in off com- England to increase the rate of postage on newspapers by adding a penny on all letters posted in England, and leaving it open to us to do the same with all newspapers posted here. It might appear to some that it would remain optional on the colony whether to make this additional charge or not. At the outside the gain to the revenue would not be more than £1000 a year on either side, whilst I, would be looked upon as an enormous grievance, especially as the expenses of transit were less now than they were previously. The English Government had done this, and it had been left open to the colony to do the same if they liked at least so it appeared at a first view. But the real state of the case was this, that if the colony failed to impose the additional penny, this sum would be collected on the other end of the line, and thus the amount would go to swell the Imperial revenue instead of into our own coffers. If the colony did not collect the penny that would not do away with the increased charge, for it would be charged at home in the same way as the colony was directed to collect the additional penny upon newspapers received from England that had not been prepaid there. Under these circumstances it was seen that possibly opposition might arise, and, therefore, the Secretary of State for the Colonies and the Postmaster-General were willing to consult the views of the colonists on the point, and were disposed to look at the increased rate as of very doubtful expediency, and were not inclined to enforce it until the colonies had expressed their views upon the subject. To this end, they had postponed the date of bringing this new arrangement into force until the 1st of January, 1860, by which date the colonies would have time to state their views upon the question. Now, he was quite sure that there was no desire on the part of any hon. member of the House to add any burden upon the correspondence of the country beyond that which it now bore ; besides which this proposed increase would afford but ft very small means of revenue, whilst it would prove to be a very heavy charge upon this branch of communication. The Government had very prudently expressed no opinion upon this matter, but had left the arrangement to be sanctioned or to be approved of by the Legislature. On this account he did not think the hon. Premier would oppose this resolution, although the hon. gentleman had done him the honour to express his disapprobation of some portion of them, by very significantly drawing his pen through the words " and at variance with the understanding upon which the mail service has been subsidised." Now, he had no desire to force on the House, the expression of any opinion that was not true, and if the House would say that they thought the proposed change was not at variance with that understand- ing, then he would submit to see the resolution carried in the said and asked form it would assume if these words were omitted. But seeing that the Government themselves were backward, he thought that he was justified in using the language he had done in this resolution. It was evident that the Home Government admitted tills understanding, by pursuing a course that had not been taken by their predecessors in office, in consulting the Colonial Legislatures. He thought he had now given sufficient reasons for adhering to the resolution in its original form, and as he could see no reason why any part of the House should oppose it, he should not dwelt longer on the subject. He should leave the motion as it stood, trusting that the House would support it. Mr. PIDDINGTON seconded the motion. Mr. COWPER said he agreed with a great deal of what the hon. member had expressed, but he thought the resolution would be better with the omission he had suggested a particularly as he was desirous that it should be carried unanimously, as then he had no doubt but that it would have the weight it merited with the authorities at home. The House would have seen from the correspondence that had been laid upon the table of the House that there were certain grounds of opposition to the proposed increase. These together with a report from the Postmaster-Gen oral-rathrr favourable than otherwise to the proposed charge, had been brought under the notice of of the Executive Council, which had decided that the question was one that it was then inadvisable to deal with, especially as it had formerly been the policy of the Legislature to diminish rather than to increase the charges upon the dissemination of information. Whether by the additional charge they would be really increasing the revenue, was also somewhat doubtful. He did not think it would be found to be so for if the home country made this charge and the colony did the same, the amount of charge would prevent many persons from sending newspapers home. This circula- tion of colonial newspapers in England was exceedingly beneficial to the colony. What the colony desired was to attract the attention of folks at home, and induce them to come out and join their friends here, and the cheapest and fairest way of doing this and of circulating amongst them the benefits hold out by this colony, was by means of newspapers, and thus this additional postage became matter for consideration with this House. The Governor of the neighbouring colony, Sir Henry Barkly, had already written a despatch upon the subject and the House would thus find the way paved for them. In considering this question, however, he had found one matter that had out against the wording he had proposed for the resolution, and in favour of the wording of the hon. mover. By the last mail, the Government had received a circular letter, in which had occurred words which certainly surprised him when he read them, as they to a certain extent bore out the wording that the hon. member contended for. In that circular the Duke of Newcastle almost admitted that there was an understanding with the colonies that the uniform sixpenny rate of postage should continue unaltered. If that were admitted, he did not see why the postage on letters should not be the same. Many persons, however, believed that no such understanding existed, and that so long as the Home Government dealt only with its own letters, the colony had no right to complain at any charge it might impose. It was on the ground that he (Mr. Cowper) was not aware that there was a distinct record, so that the Legislature 1 could claim that understanding. It had, however, struck. I find that an expression of opinion from this Legislature to the effect that the increase made on this kind of postage was inexpedient, would answer every purpose, if transmitted to the Home Government, for he believed that such a communication would have its due weight upon the Imperial Government He agreed with the purport of the motion , therefore he should offer that no one position. Dr LANG thought the House and the reading public were under great obligations to the hon and learned member for the Hawkesbury for introducing the motion, for nothing had surprised him more than that the Home Government should impose an additional tax upon newspapers when the inhabitants of the mother country had been so strenuously exerting themselves to abolish the taxes upon knowledge altogether As a m item of finance it was the worst policy trrnglnnhie From his own experience In this colony he felt confident that the imposition of a tax of 2d upon every newspaper to and from this country would have a tendency to reduce that kind of communication to one-fourth of the present amount He could only regard the proposal on the part of the mother country as a retrograde one, and in bad policy as a financial measure Even though it were shown that the cost of transmitting newspaper was greater than the revenue derived from it it was equally the interest of the mother country and that of this colony to make up the deficit in some other way than contracting this valuable mode of disseminating information He should cordially support the motion of his hon and learned friend Mr MURRAY would be very sorry to appear to be influenced In anydosnoto impede the extension of knowledge of every kind for he had n zeal in such an extension not- at all inferior to that of the of the hon gentlemen who had preceded him in this discussion But notwithstanding his regret that such an imputation should be cast upon him, he must say that this motion had not his For dull approval He thought that on general grounds, they should always be ready to give quid pro > quo He did not at arises, why) the readers 1 Kngltsli new p upon-, should throw upon the non-iending public-if to see the any onyportimof the extent of Irmgng those newspapers to this country if they receive d a certain hour, they should be reads to pay for it and if, on the grounds of usefulness they were to have newspaper coin used to them at a reduction from the actual cost will not include with them books and other similar articles of utility letters were now changed six times as much as newspapers They all know the great expense incurred in this mode of communication with the mother country and he was much 'sin pi ice that this sul]cctiiad not been taken up 111 another point of view than the present The expense was enormous, as much as £20 000 a month, and why not news papers help to pay for it This colony) had to pay for steam postal community ion as much as £90,000 11 year, and the tales told in conimuiiitnlioii, he expected they would be shortly mille 1 up 11 for other expenditure, smiths in addition to the a 6000 o £6000 which they had agreed to give low miss the 0 estblishment of mother line of communication via Panama The whole subject evidently required tension to be novel that in this re- spect there was no desire to economise, for some mode of doing so might he devised However, he saw no reason why the sender 01 receive! of a measure r should not pay full) for its transmission as much as far a lost Although he should not go so far as to divide the House upon the motion he must confess that he could not concur in it Jli HAY trusted the hon Colonial pennies would in form the House how much expense was inclined in transmitting newspapers on the) passage to and from this colony between Suez and Alexandria, as he understood that the expense had given rise 10 this proposed increase on the postage of newspapers. However that might be, there could be no reason why there should be imposed an additional tax up a new Hpjpei s for the purpose of evidence ing to meet the expense au is ed in the great unucrfnluiig of steam postal communication with the mother country In all probability an) considerably increased imposition of taxation upon the transmission of newspapers to and from the colony UM would to a great extent prevent that transmission and it 1 quired little argument to show that the anten that go or newspapers with the mother country had a tendency to benefit the colony in many respects Information with respect to the state of the colonies enabled the relatives and friends of colonists in the United Kingdom to judge for themselves whether it would be nUuiitnsreous or 1 ot to transfer their energies from the overburdened labour market of the mother country to this colony, as a better prospect for their exertions and by this news paper communication they had the best way of keeping up a good feeling between the colonists and the people of the mother can try As to the expense when they had gone to the enormous expense of paying some £180 OJO for postal steam communication, what could the postage of all the new papers do towards paying the enormous sum It was to keep up the communication that cost this large sum, and it was not the cost of carrying the papers When they had steamers it mattered little whether they can read 10 000 or 20,000 newspapers at this increase of postage, and he thought it could easily shown by an arithmetical calculation, that 20 OOOnewspapers sent home monthly, would not relieve the country much of this enormous expense Suppose they sent 24,0 papers at one penny each, that would only be £100 per month, and that was not a very large sum, and even counting the number of papers altogether sent between the mother country and the colony, it would show that the whole sum was but a drop in the bucket, as a relief of their postal expenditure He believed the only material cost that was added by the transmission of newspapers, was the cost across Haypt The postal subsidy was a 180.00, of which these colonies paid £90,000, it therefore did seem in bad taste, in order to scrape together a few hundred pounds, to call on them to pay this additional postage He could hardly understand how such a proposition was made, or so part viciously insisted on It seemed scarcely credit- able that such a stand should have been made on this question , but he believed it was the authorities of the Post Office that had induced the responsible Ministers to be so pertinacious Under these circumstances he thought they should only be assisting the responsible Mimsfra at home to carry out what they were inclined to do, and gratifying the colonists by yielding to their request He thought, therefore, they should unanimously agree with the resolutions proposed by the hon member for Hawkesbury Mr BLACK said he was happy to observe so unanimous an opinion in reference to the resolution brought forward by the hon. member for Hawkesbury. He looked on the dissemination of newspapers as advantageous to the cause of education He, therefore?, considered that if they were conveyed gratuitously, the money would be very well spent The hon. member who preceded him had dwelt very properly on the importance of transmitting newspapers between the mother country and this colony, as a means of cementing the ties which bound us! together. He had no doubt that newspapers and letters did lead to this result, and viewing it as an important means of diffu- sing education, which was looked upon with so much ¡nte~ rest by the country, he had not the least doubt the House would come to a unanimous conclusion with regard to this motion Mr FORSTER said he was anxious to guard himself in supporting the resolutions from being supposed to agree with the reasons that had been taken up by hon. members. I He objected to what had been said by an hon. member, and he had no hesitation in stating his opinion that to say it was a tax on knowledge the placing additional postage on newspapers was a piece of cant He was at a loss to see what difference there was in the dissemination of knowledge between a newspaper and a letter. He could not see any principle that should take those two out of the same category, and that new papers should pay no postage He could not see why a newspaper should not pay postage as well as a letter. Was it to be assumed if a squatter in the bush received a newspaper from Sydney that the knowledge derived from that paper was more important as free from the imposition of postage than the news communicated by a private letter was to the squatter or labouring; man It seemed the inference was the other way, and it would be found that news by private letters was of more importance to the person concerned and a few individuals, and was on fire more truthful character than that conveyed in newspapers "He might be told that 12 wspapers went to a large number of pi sons, and letters only to a few but that argument led to an inference contrary to what they assumed Acknowledging the importance of the few who received letters, and the large number who received newspaper?, that the large number who received newspapers would be better able to pay the postage than those who received the new son a, narrower space, he should like to know what there was in the papers for hon. members to assume that was the best mode of communication So far as he know of the papers, was, that if they were distinguished for any quail'), it was for want of veracity to far as he could in Age of news- papers-and he made the statement unhesitatingly that truth was not communicated by the papers, and it was only by comparing the two newspapers taking taking different sides of the question, and knocking them together as it were looking at the extreme statements, and comparing these statements, that they could arrive at the to it'. He challenged hon. members to deny the truth of what he was stating He made no statement against the Intentions or designs of gentlemen connected with newspapers. He did not wish it to be inferred that he changed any of those gentlemen with designedly communicating: false reports of the proceedings in this Chamber, but had aught to state that, when they compared the reports with what occurred here that they did not communicate the truth of what of cured and that the report of their proceedings did not convey to the public true intelligence He made the game statement, so far as his evidence went, with regard to other matters, in which he himself was in any way connected. There was this little affair the other day, and which so much was made of the Mr. Lister's resigning, and when his hon. friend (Mr. Murray) attempted to form a Ministry, he in 1 no hesitation in saying that both the daily papers contained the grossest falsehoods with regard to these proceedings He stated so far as his knowledge went to "bed he was acquainted with these transactions, and the grossest falsehoods had been stated of parties, and the true result was never made knoffntotho public. He might be asked why he did not contradict the statement when it was made He said that was not his business it was between the person employed and his employer, a person would find he would have nothing else to do if he attempted to correct these things, and he therefore preferred to let these falsehoods go forth to the public for as much as they were worth, and if the public believed them he should not attempt to correct them in detail. He made this statement that, so far as he was acquainted with the Press, it did convey untrue information to their subscribers, therefore to say it conveyed knowledge was to adopt the, cant of the day cant got up by those interested in this result. if justice was done to the communication of knowledge if they were prepared to treat all documents that conveyed intelligence as entitled to be transmitted all over the world free of charge, he said carry that principle to letters as well, and books and other modes of communicating intelligence, whether true or false. But that could not be done, they knew the line must, be drawn somewhere, and the line had been drawn by placing newspapers in a position superior to all documents communicating intelligence. It seemed to him that if this intelligence, of the value and merits of which they could not know anything, was to be taken as a reason for lowering the postage at the public expense, that it might be done by equalising the rates upon letters and papers, so as to let everything go free of a certain bulk ; so that, by this means, they might make newspapers pay a portion of the expenses incurred in sand ig them about. But of talk about any'grand principle being involved, and that the dissemination of knowledge would be prevented, he thought he had a right to enter his pro i against '*" At the same time. holding those views, he should not vote against those resolutions, because it seemed to him that the Home Government had interfered in a matter in which they ought not to have done. (Hear, hear.) They might take that ground very reasonably and vote for the resolutions, and BO show the Home Government that in cases of this kind in future they would do well to treat them with more consideration. (Hear, hear,) Mr. PARKES would not have spoken but for the speech delivered by hon, member for Queanbeyan. He did not know whether that hon. gentleman formed his opinion of the value of newspapers from his own experience of them, but his (Mr. Parkes') experience was very different from that of that hon. gentleman. He did not think they were to judge of the value of newspapers to society, by anything they might rely upon the subject of Ministerial crises. It was of very little importance to the world at large, what . the newspapers might say about the particular circumstances attending a change of Ministry. (Hear, hear.) And so in most of the matters of that kind, the public was very little interested. It was generally when party spirit ran high, and political feeling got the better of' men's judgment, that in matters of this kind the newspapers misrepresented men and things, but such things did not permanently interfere with the interests of society (hear, hear-and the world jogged on just as well whether these things were misrepresented or not. The value of newspapers did not consist in what, they said about these subjects, but in giving accurate and correct information of the natural resources of the country, of Its progress in improvement, of the real character of its affairs, and of the government of the country. Their value consisted in giving this kind of information, and in making it accessible to the world at large than in reporting correctly all the phases and conditions of a Ministerial crisis. (Hear, hear.) He did not require any authorities to show the value of newspapers, and of the English in particular. In this colony the papers followed very fairly and honourably in the track of the English newspapers. It was only yesterday that he was reading a book written by Dr. Croly, a most thorough Conservative, a man of the li i ghost literary attainments, one who stood in the front rank of authors, and who had had an experience of three score years and ten, and he said that of all modern inventions, the news paper as now conducted in England was the greatest and the most conducive to the safety of England. He said that in times of anarchy and insurrection, when thrones were falling in every direction, and the Powers of the Continent were driven from their capitals, the " heart of the nation, the public Press," assured the security of England. (Hear, hear.) He had read something similar in Alison, and a statement to the same pur- port had been made by Sir Robert Peel. He alluded to those authorities because, as Conservatives, their- testimony to the value of the Press might be deemed more convincing and more valuable than that given by men of more liberal opinions. The newspapers, on account of their great cheapness, and the high talent employed upon them, and for their completeness of information, were valuable to the world at large. The modern newspaper for 4d. or 6d. gave information that could not be published in a book for less than 14s. For these reasons it was of value to society, and there could be no doubt but that the free transmission of this valuable means of information between the population of England and these colonies, if they wished really to pro serve a mutual feeling of good will between them, would desire to effect that feeling than anything else. Should they impair that feeling for the sake of a small paltry economical saving, which could be of no importance to the fiscal affairs of the colony? Since they had established postal improvements without regard to expense, and was content to bear the burden, they would be acting most un- wisely if they did not make the means of communication as free as possible. Holding these opinions, he should of course vote for the resolutions. Mr. DARVALL said, the hon. member for Queanbeyan had made a statement respecting the newspapers of the colony, which perhaps it was more tie duty to contradict than his. He thought the Press of this colony was not fairly chargeable with being the disseminator of falsehood rather than of truth. (Hear, hear.) He believed the newspapers stood on a very advantageous footing compared with the Press of any of the colonies of Great Britain, not even excepting Victoria. The Press discharged its functions very well in New South Wales, In common with other public men he had been subjected to unfair remarks from the Press, and had felt himself greatly aggrieved, but upon the whole he was bound to say that the Press gave a very fair report of the political events going on around them, and the proceedings of that Assembly especially were reported in an impartial and highly creditable manner. As for the misrepresentations complained of in \- reporting Ministerial causes, they were caused by the mystery in which the personages concerned enshrouded themselves, whereby the Press was debarred from knowing all the circuits' areas of the case. They would lower the character of the country if they assented to the charge that the Press was unworthy of the country (hear hear), and was in the habit of disseminating falsehood. They would be chargeable with a gross dereliction of duty if they permitted such a Press to exist and it would be discreditable to the people of the colony who supported such a Press. (Hear, hear.) He thought they could hardly say the Press was open to such a charge, or that the community would have supported it, if the charge were true. He drew a great distinction between the information conveyed in a letter and a newspaper. In the one case, only one person was benefited, whereas the information disseminated by the other was for the use of the whole community. (Hear, hear.) Unless they were prepared to make the system self-supporting they ought to leave the matter where it stood when the subsidy was granted by the colony, He hoped the proposed alteration would not be insisted on no Fully thought this summary interference of the Government at home was ill-timed, for they had a right to infer that the state of things would continue, which induced them to vote the subsidy. They had entered into a contrast, and he thought that no departure should be made from it. Mr. FORSTER disclaimed any intention of stating that the newspapers conveyed untruthful statements by design. But the fact was, as he had stated it, and of course he could only appeal to his own experience in reference to the matter. The motion was then put and carried unanimously. GAOLS: CORRESPONDENCE. Air. PLUNKETT said that in a motion he was about to make, he would purposely refrain from making any remarks, inasmuch as it could only lead to a repetition of the same debate which had taken place in that House a few nights ago. He had no understanding with the gentleman who had brought forward the motion which led to that \- debate at the time that he had placed this motion upon the paper. As he could not anticipate | any opposition to this motion he would accordingly, without further observation, move.-" That an address be \- presented to the Governor-General, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be laid upon the table of this House all correspondence between the Benches of Magistrates, the Sherif of the colony, and Government, previous to or after the issuing of the proclamation constituting a number of places as gaols, prisons, and houses of correction respecting the same ; also a list of all appointments made by the Sheriff of gaolers and other officers having legal charge of such new gaols, specifying the time at which such appointments were made." Mr. MURRAY seconded the motion. The motion was then put and carried. MUNICIPALITY OF SYDNEY APPOINTMENT OF A SELECT COMMITTEE. Mr. BROUGHTON asked leave to amend the resolution standing in his name relative to the appointment of a select committee to inquire into matters connected with the Municipal Council of the city of Sydney, by the addition of some words after the words " city of Sydney." Mr. COWPER said, that, perhaps, the hon. member would not object to make a further amendment by the in- sertion of some words to shew what the matters were that the committee, if appointed, would have to enquire into. There were matters connected with the business of a corporation which it would not be for that House to enquire into. Air. BROUGHTON said, that it had been suggested to him to insert the words " into the working of" in place of the words " all matters connected with new standing in the motion upon the Business Paper. The SPEAKER did not like to take upon himself to interfere, but would wish to remind the hon. member that the House could not delegate its authority to a select committee unless the duties of such committee were distinctly indicated. The House always controlled each committee, and kept it to its own specific duties. Mr. PARKES thought that the intention of the mover would be sufficiently indicated by the terms of the proposed motion. The SPEAKER was of opinion that the working of a select committee should be more explicitly defined. Air. BROUGHTON having amended his motion, then moved that a select committee be appointed to enquire into the working of the Municipal Council of Sydney, and especially with reference to the Water rate and Sewerage rate-, and also with reference to endowment. When the 1 Municipal Act was called into operation in 1842, the city received an annual income of £51100 annually in rates, an income that had »inrelncreasad from £5000 to as much as £40,0. annually. The population, too, had also, in the same time, increased from 25,000 to 80,003 persons, and that population so increased were now justly entitled to an increased ratio of expenditure, which, however, had not been obtained-a circumstance which he thought a fair subject for enquiry by the coin pitted which he now sought to get appointed. Then, too, .«tajirar.led the water supply, it was known that £200,000 n. -s borrowed of the Government for We purpose | had De. the Water-works being still unfinished, almost double that sum would, In all probability, have to be expended before they were finished The interest of this sum would have to be met by a direct tax, for the revenue derivable by the water rate did not at present amount to more than £11,000 The subject of water supply did not end there. It was never contemplated that the Government should resume the land granted to the Corporation for the construction of water works But although this grant was intended to be made permanent, it was forgotten to be put into the Appropriation Act And then there were Judgments hanging over the heads of the Commissioners, with regard to this land One of these nations obtained a verdict of £7500 The Corporation was also threatened with other actions of a similar nature The sum of £300 000, which had been borrowed for the water rate, was thus increased to something like £400 000 This overwhelming amount of debt swallowed up the whole amount of the revenues of the city But he would say that this was not the practice which had prevailed For the supply of water to Parramatta, the House voted for the dam, and subsequently for its repairs This was one of the questions for inquiry but there was still another in relation to the sewerage of the city, under the Commissioners-the contract for the sewerage of Pitt-street alone, was £54,000 It eventually amounted to £119,000, or more than twice as much as the original estimate, and this debt was entailed upon the city Again, a great deal of the sewerage and this supply of water was conveyed through Government land Take for- instance, Macquarie street from the Circular Quay to Campbell street the eastern side of the city was almost wholly united, and would not pay one tenth of the money expended on the sewerage Another instance was in Ellzabeth- street, where the same absence of any adequate rate for expenses incurred was to be observed He should not trespass further on the time of the House, as this might not be the occasion to debate the motion on its details He should, therefore, beg leave to amend the resolution he had put on the paper, an 1 move, " That a select committee be appointed to enquire into all matters connected with the Municipal Council of the city op Siney with special reference to the water and sewerage, and to take into consideration what additional amount of endowment should be given to the city " The old numbers of the Council knew the value of these improvements -perhaps the young ones did not He would move the resolutions as amended "Mr PLUNKETT seconded the resolution Mr SCOTT did not rise to oppose the motion, but thought a better selection of members might be selected thin one comprising so Ini go a number of the members for Sy dirty, and he should therefore ask for ft ballot Mr JENKINS supported the motion for the ballot They had had petition after petition placed on the table of the House, praying for relief from a debt which had been inclined by the formation of the city sewerage He thought the House should pause befenetliey took any steps in this matter, as it was the Sydney Corporation that had first asked to repudiate a debt created by the citizens of Sydney Mr ROTTOVrosotoorlor He thought the hon. member was going wide of the subject, and that us line of ob servation was calculated to open up a discussion which would be otherwise unnecessary Mr JENKINS thought it important that he should state the matter fully, because it was one in which the country members generally were involved as guardian of the public purse The hon. member then alluded to the abolition of the Corporation Act, and the appointment of City Commissioners, the passing of the City Sewerage and Water Supply Acts, and the subsequent appointment of the present city col per ton The corporation not only took up all the contracts of the City Commissioners but also stated in their report that they were pleased with the manner in which the works had been performed Insto id of having had to pay eight or ten per cent for the £200,000 they had borrowed, by the Government becoming secure), the co port action had been enabled embarrass at from 3 to 5 per cent. Under these circumstances he did not consider that the citizens of Sydney had any right. to repudiate a debt contracted entirely for their own benefit He was aware that the question was an unpopular one, but he was not to be deterred by any considerations of that sort from endeavouring to see justice done to the whole community At the last election one gentleman at least, lost many supporters in consequence of the expression of his opinion upon this subject, in accordance with the views which were held by many hon gentlemen who now represented country constitue! ci03 no thought he had shown a reason why the committee should boofimixod character If it were composed entirely of city members its report would not have so much weight with the house as it would others we possess Mr PARKES thought there would not be much difference of opinion as to tlieclesuabtiitvoftlieappoiutmentof Nonesuch committee as this The Municipal Council had now been in existence a considerable time, its power was very large, the effect of its working could not help being influential upon the affairs of the community, and its public debts on account of the city were of great magnitude and of general importance He happened to stand in a position to be able to say that the citizens of Sydney were not particularly desirous of repudiation, as had been alleged against them by the hon. gentleman who had just sat down Whatever other hon. members did both on the hustings and at various public meet lgs he ( Mr Parkes) distinctly told the citizens that he would be no party to throwing this debt upon the country He believed he was the only candidate that had been returned whom distinct terms told the electors he would be no party to transferring the city debts to the country, and yet he was returned by a majority of 463 or 500 votes over the highest of the gentlemen who were not returned He thought therefore, as far as the result of his own election had any significance, the citizens were not as unreasonable as the hon. gentleman supposed he had nothing to say at present upon the general merits of the question, for he did not think it desirable now to argue the matter. He only lOsO for the purpose of stating that he thought it was only desirable but just, that in a committee of this kind there should be several members representing the metro- ports He had seen committees appointed, as in i refer nee to the di image of the Hunter, for instance, upon which the whole of the honorable members represented the constituents most directly) interested He thought it necessary for the protection of the citizens that a great number of the members for the city should be on the committee, say four of them at the least At the same time it was desirable that some country members should also lie on it. There were four city member on the committee as-, it now stool, and there was one of the number who had already tell the hon mover that he should not attend the meetings of the committee even ii To were appended to it so that practically that hon. members might as well be on the committee, thereby leaving only four city members to attend As for himself, he had no desire whatever to sit on this committee The motion was then put and carried. The House then proceeded to the ballot, when the undermentioned hon. members were elected to serve upon the committee -Mr Troughton, Mr Black, Mr Holton, Mr a flood, Mr Arnold, Mr Dalley, Mr Parkes, Mr Jenkins, Mr Jones, and Mr Forster CASE OF? EDWARD LLOYD LEWIS Mr FORSTER moved, " That an address be presented to the Governor-General at, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be laid upon the table of this House I A return of all proceedings in the case of Edward Lloyd Lewis, of the detective police of New South Wales, committed by the Court of Petty Sessions, Sydney, for perjury, upon October 7, 18s!, to the time of discharge of the afore said Edward Lloyd Lewis, in consequence of the Crown declining to prosecute 2 Copies of all correspondence between the Executive Government and any person or persons liuinglefoionco to the case above specified 3 A Return showing the number of days that elapsed from the time of committal above specified, to tho time of discharge of the aforesaid E lw n p Lloyd Lewis also, the number of times at which the case was postponed, and the onions, in an), for such postponements 4 A return showing the amount and specifying particulars of all expenses inclined by the Ct own by the proceedings in the aforesaid case, to the time of discharge of the aforesaid Edward Lloyd Lewis The hon. member said this motion had arisen out of another of which he had given notice for a subsequent day) That motion being for an inquiry in select committee those papers would be located mainly in order to expedite or assist in the investis item in committee He must say that the case itself presented some demur kable features, which made it a matter of some public importance that these documents should be produced Connected with the case to which he retorted (that of the Messrs Bucknell!) out of which the case relative to Lewis had arisen, it not only appeared to him (Mr Forster) that there had been somoextraoidmaiy proceedings in regard to the trial, but circumstances for which, at all events, the Government should account The hon the Attorney General made a statement to the house the other day which to some extent excuse 1 the Government supposing that the informa- tion given was correct But he (Mr Forster) had some inducement to believe it possible that the AttorneyGeneral was not ac- quainted with the peculiar circumstances of the case. He might state it as a i Hinom that this particular witness's (Lewis) absence from the trial was brought about by means which could not be justified if it was found that they had been resulted to Ile merely stated this as a rumour, without laying an imputation upon any one His object was to induce the House to order the production of these papers for the further ince of an investigation which was minted for by the public with considerable interest, and which would, he believed, disclose most important in formation. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL seconded the motion the Government having no objection to the production of the pipes. TjT,A8Da or CROWN LANDS Mr ROBERTSON laid upon the table of the House certain papers referring to leases of Crown lands, being a return to an order of the House made on the motion of the hon. member for Queanbeyan PETITION Mr PARKES moved that the petition of John Malley, Ute railway surveyor to the Government, presented by him on the 16th Instant, be printed Motion put and age ""'J.5.0aE,wr. ran . T nr,\ra » wv NEWCASTLE WALLSEND COAL COMPANY Mr JOÍSB3 moved "I That the Wallsend Coal Company s Incorporation Bill be referred for the consideration and report of a select osmond 2 That such committee c insist of Mr Black, Mr. Jenkins, Mr C Rose, Mr. Oakes, Mr Lyons, and Mr Wisdom " The motion was put and agreed to ELECTION FOR NEW ENGLAND Air SCOTT moved, " That this House, having had under consideration the report brought upon the 16th instant, by the committee of elections and qualifications, in relation to the petition of certain electors of New England against the election and return of James Hart, Esq, as member for the electoral district of New England, resolves, 1 That the petition in this case not being subscribed by any person, either elector or candidate, as required by the Electoral Act of 1859, the Committee of Elections and qualifications cannot deal with that portion on its merits 2 That the resolution of the 13th instant, by which this House referred the said petition to that committee, be therefore now rescinded " It would appear by these resolutions, and the first one contained the whole matter upon which the Committee of Elections and Qualifications had decided that the petition could not be received by them that it was of such an informal nature that it ought not, scarcely, to have been presented in the 75th paragraph of the Electoral Act of 1858, it was stated there that every petition complaining of the election of any member, etc, should be subscribed by some person who voted or who had a right to vote at that election Now this petition had no signature attached at the foot of it, although there were many names on different places which were simply attached to the original petition by a simple piece of tape. He should not address his observations to the legal members, who were conversant with the practice, but he thought some observations should be made to hon. members who were not, as to the informality of petitions having no signatures attached to them And in so doing he should not occupy the attention of the House by any observations he might make himself, but would direct their serious attention to many cases that had occurred in the House of Commons, that aptly illustrated this point In May's Practice or Parliament it was definitely pointed out that the petition should be written on parchment or paper, and not printed or lithographed, and that it could not be received unless at least one signature was written on the parchment on which the petition was written with regard to election petitions, it was pointed out that eton election petition must be subscribed by some person who had a light to vote If not subscribed in this way then it could not be deemed an election petition Numerous petitions erroneously signed, had been presented to the House of Commons, and wore invariably withdrawn or refused to be taken into consideration The hon member then quoted from the Journals of the Debates of the House of Commons several cases in which petitions had been refused because the parchment on which the petition was written had no signature attached to it He quoted from Hansard s Debates the case of Lord Cottenham, who presented a petitition from the town of Oldham, which was ruled to be informal, because the prayer of the petition was written on one sheet and the signals on the other He nlsorefeiredto AVarron's Law of the Practice of Committees of Elections and Qualifications as bearing out this rule Now, the committee having stated this much for the information of hon. members, could not do other lso than reject this petition as inform us, and they had been led to this decision, independent of the Electoral Act and practice of the House of Commons, by the fact that this practice was carried out in all legislative assemblies of America, as well as that no petition could be received unless subscribed by some person in the same sheet of paper on which the petition was mitton The committee had requested him to bring this matter before the House as early as possible, be cause it would enable the petitioners to get back then deposit of £100, and also afford them time to present another petition Wnh Miesa few observations he left the matter in the hands of the House All CLOSE seconded the motion Mr TO tSTtiiR did not disagree with the result arrived at by the committee, but he could not understand why the House was called on to rescind its late Mr JONLSsnidif hon members would turn to clauses 75 and 76 of the Electoral Act passed last session, they would find in clause 75 it was required when any petition compel lining of an undue election, or of any return made, or of any special matter, was presented that it should be subscribed by a person or persons entitled to vote at such election In the following clause it was provided that in the case of any petition being sent it should be referred by the Assembly to a committee But as this petition had not been subscribed it was not competent for the Assembly to refer it to the committee (Hear, hear ). It became, therefore, necessary that the House should correct the inform ility which had taken price It was right to do so, so that the lion Speak of would not be left in any doubt as to the return of the petitioners money, and also for the purpose offering the petitioners to take another course, if they thought proper Ali PIJUNKE i'T observes that if proper care had been taken, the House would have seen that it was not a petition at all If it had come under the notice of the hon the Speaker, he would have detected the order, but it had come upon the House by surprise and had not been looked at As the petition had been referred by the House to the committee, he thought it right that the order of the House should be reser vided The SPEAKER said that the petition had been sent to him, but that it was necessary that it should go to the God nor-General The moment it was put into his hands he saw that it was worthless But he should have laid it upon the table of the House, nor rebels s, after drawing the attention of the House to it (clear, he to The amendment was then put to the House and nega sued, after which the resolutions were put and passed 1 NEWCASTLE WALLSEND COAL COMPANY'S RAILWAY BILL Air JONES moi ed That the Newcastle Wallsend Coal Company's Railway Bill be referred for the consideration and report of a select committee e That such com- mittee consist of Ali Eliott, Air Flood Air Nott, Air Rotton, Air Close, and Mr Jenkins He further asked leave to aid the name of Mr Robert soon, as representing the Government Ali ARNOLD seconded the motion Air FLOOD asked if it would not be as well if the bill were referred to the committee just appointed to consider the Newcastle Wallsend Coal Company's Incorp tration Bill It would be just as well to send it to that committee, because, before another fortnight in sewers, he apprehended there would be thirty or forty committ "s sitting He hoped the hon mover would consent, others "so he (Mr Flood) should have his name struck out of the committee Ali JONES was surprised at the course of the hon member who had consented to have his name placed on the committee He thought it desirable to have two committees to consider the two bills Lead e having been given to add the name of Mr Robertson, the motion was then put and passed COMPILATION OF ELECTORAL ROLLS RETURNS Air ROTTON moved the motion which stood in his name on the business paper as follows "That there be laid upon the table of this House a return showing the cost to the Government, of the collection, compilation, and pi rating of the electoral rolls in each electoral district of the colony for the year 1859 6J 2 of conducting the election in each electoral district during the last general election ' To this motion, by the permission of the House, he would beg to add another clause for showing the number of electors on the roll in each district and the charge authorised by the Government to be pay able for a copy of a i oil It was contemplated in the present session of Parliament to introduce certain amendments in the Bles toral Act, and area by an intention had been expressed of moving for a reduction of the expenses of elections For both of these reasons the returns he now moved for would be found to be extremely useful But his own principal reason for calling for those returns was with a view to a consideration of the information and assistance which they would afford in regard to the present unsatisfactory mode followed in the compila- tion of the electoral rolls, which was a subject of very gonernKomplaint The parties to whom the compilation of those rolls was entrusted were appointed by the benches of magistrates, and were often persons unaquainted with the district and with its inhabitants and their qualifica- tions He had been heard complaints very. broadly made as to the corruption of some of those on whom the duties of compiling these rolls derived He thought a much less expensive and more satisfactory system might be very easily devoted He believed that most of the hon. members more familiar with the manner in which these rolls were got up, and were dissatisfied therewith as much as he was himself He would be prepared to follow up this step by some further action later in the session, unless the Government took it out of his hands All BLACK seconded the motion Mr COWPER said that the Government were quite prepared to give the hon mover for these returns all the information which he desired to have The hon member tall odof the inoflicientniannei in which these electoral rolls were prepared, and no doubt they were, to a great extent, imperfect But what could the Government do' It entrusted the care of these cells to the magistrates, and if the magistrates would not take the trouble to see that they were properly prepared, he really must despaired getting them properly attended to Then as to the insinuation as regarded corruption, it was well known that magistrates were but seldom candidates for election to membership in that House The complaint as to the defects of those rolls was not a thing confined to one district, but common to many, and was heard almost over yw home It was one which he thought could only be properly remedied by making every voter register himself, and this he had once ineffectually proposed Nevertheless a larger number of electors were now properly enrolled than had ever been enrolled before and until something better could be devised, it was a satisfaction to know that the system worked well The Government were, however, fully prepared to co-operate in with the hon member in making the present system more perfect than it is at present Air ROTTON explained that the corruption he had spoken of had been imputed, not to magistrates, but to those appointed by them to compile these lists He knew of a case in which there was an imputation of such a conception in the district from which he came It had been broadly insinuated that something of the kind had occurred as regarded the roll from which electors had voted at an election in which Mr. Suttor had been returned In almost every district complaints as to the preparation of these tolls had been very freely expressed. The mode in which these rolls were prepared was both troublesome and unsatisfactory , ,,..., Air PARKES rose to order, conceiving that the hon. member ought not in his reply to make remarks which, if made at first, would have provoked discussion. Air. ROTTON contended that he was not out of order. He had already said about the supposed corruption all that he desired to say, and if he had been out of order should have been interrupted before. He should like to see the plan of the Chief Secretary put into operation, and the electors registering themselves. The returns, at all events, could do no harm, and would, he did not doubt, afford hon. members considerable information. The SPEAKER was understood to concur with Mr. Parkes as to the point of order he had raised. Air. CUMMINGS desired to address the House relative to what had fallen from the hon. member for Hartley in reference to the imputed corruption which had been exercised in the preparation of the electoral roll alluded to, but was ruled out of order, inasmuch as he had been neither name or alluded to. The motion was then put and agreed to. MORETON BAY SUPREME COURT ACT. Air. Mr AC ALISTER to move, " That an address be presented to the Governor-General, praying that his Excel- I lency will be pleased to cause to be laid upon the table of this House copies of all correspondence between his Honor, the Resident Judge at Moreton Bay, and the Law Officers of the Crown, regarding the working of the Moreton Bay Supreme Court Act." As these returns, with other matters, must shortly come under the discussion of the House, he should trouble it with no observations on the present occasion, but simply move for the returns. Air. PLUNKETT thought that the hon, member, before asking for these returns, should state what object he had in view. Amongst the older members of the House be believed that this was a recognised rule, and now members would do well to follow it. Mr. COWPER said he knew of no such rule. Mr. CAPE, in supporting the motion, said he thought the hon. mover acted very wisely in refraining from observations, which might have provoked unnecessary debate. The motion was then put and carried. The remainder of the business was postponed. The House adjourned at twenty-five minutes to ten. 