/ //f THE RIPENING OF THE IRISH 7 DEVOLUTION. X LEOItJRE D8LIVEBSD BY JCES dlrOHBL, AT SEW TOltK, MAUOd, 1850. I A full year lio3 gono by since I, by epocch or writ- ) ing, have presumed to &-ldte3S the Irish-born citizens of America upou tho gro\i, topic of this ago. The one great topic iudeed.-; for, amidst the infinito complexity of human business and interests, there is one ominous ' , aud tremendous ooucern now beginning to enact itEelf r in Europe, which miDgles with them all ; which will, probably, every day mora and mora ah J gorb nnd. overmaster them all. It ia an era which kings and prophets have waited for ? tho former with no very great complacency of equan yf imity. But nature and fate and tho justice of heaven , r era inexorable — tho day was inevitable, and it has dawned at last. It ia impossible, my friends, for tlioBG whose taste, or whoso destiny has brought them to interest themselves in the great public transactions of mankind to sit quiet and indifferent now. Not only over Europe, but over America, too, men's pulses havo been beating somewhat quicker this past year. The merchant may diligently mind hia busi ness, the artist may assiduously ply his trade, the armer may, with apparent indifference sow and reap —for the seasons still follow each other in their usual course, and the earth still revolves round the sun ; but, over them all there hangs more or less consciously the shadow of coming change. All, with eagerness more or less, with intelligence more or less, strive to consult tho oracles: all watch the clock, as if ex pecting tho great horologe of Time to strike some our of Doom. In vain a man says to himself, that he will shake tho foul dust of the eastern hemisphere from his feet, and flee beyond tho Mississippi or the Rocky Mountains, and assiduously tame the prairie or dear the forest in Oregon or Minnesota for tho re mainder of his natural life. For ho says, that eastern world ia in its dotage— impotent, effete — cant and money rule it altogether ; let the tyrants and the flunkeys divide it there between them for ever. In vain ? he cannot shut his ears— the thunder of charg ing squadrons in the Crimea reaches him ou his far off prairie— the crash and roar of the falling Malakoff— the furious battle cry of the Russian— '* God and the Czar"- echoes through his forest, and the axe fills from his hand He listens and holds his breath— heavens ! has tho grand spell word been spoken then ? Are the thrones and the dungeons of that enchanted castle to be rifted asunder at last ? Are tho tyrant magicians to be punished ? Are tho poor transformed flunkeys to be frightened into manhood ? Why is it, that this war now raging in Europe keeps all men's hearts and souls hanging on its every event as did never war before ? It is but a little war compared with those giant conflicts that stirred Europe near half a century ago. Not one-fourth the number of men yet engaged in it — not one-tenth part of the carnage and devastation has yet been wrought in it. What is more, there is no principle involved in it ; no intelligible issue raised as be tween ' the parties ; and the principles pre tended, the issue slated on the record, are well known to all mankind, not to be the true prinoipl s and real issue. In short, it ia mere madness, this war ? Btark, midsummer madness ; and exactly herein, lies the beauty and the glory of it for us. Por, may we not hope that it ia a God sent madness, like that fury-haunted frenzy of the parricide Greek, driving him to destroy all things, and himself at ' last. Great public criminals are sometimes made great public examples by terrible chastisement ; and I know of no more atrocious public criminals, since Nebuchadnezzar, than the Pentarchy of sacred ma jesties who weigh down Europe — MORE ESPECI ALLY THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND, and that perjured usurper who dares to call himself Emperor of the French. It is well that there should be pu nishment for such criminals even in this life, so that men may see it is, after all, a God, not a Pentarchy, who ruleth in the earth. What, then, is the strange interest that fixes all our eyes so intensely upon this small aud remote struggle ? I apprehend nono of ua cares very much whether tho Greek Christians are to gain free access to their holy cities, and upon what terms, or whother they are to be excluded from those cities for ever. We cannot excite ourselves into any very lively in terest ia the rights or the wrongs of tho Hospodars of Moldavia or Wallachia. We are not able even to take much comfort in the opening of the trade again between the Bosphorus and tho Circassian coasts, whereby in accordance with the grand principles of political economy, and supply and demand, Christian parents, under the protection of Christian fleets, are once more enabled to freely export their daughters, as per invoice, to people the harems of Stamboul. We value not the Four Points at four straws ; and, in fact, few of us, perhaps, have taken the trouble to learn precisely what these points especially are ; or, having learned, we may have perhaps forgotten ; in which case the loss is small. Manifestly it is not upon those issues our interest depends. I will tell you what the real quarrel is — as you may learn it out of the British or French newspapers. Did I say there was no prin ciple ? Why, it is the arming of the civilised, of the constitutional, of the free Governments of Western Europe against tho encroachments of a cruel despot Yes, it is a kind of holy war in behalf of Justice and Public Law, and national independence and national good faith. The liberal and enlightened of the earth \--and I hope the audience whom I now address is liberal and enlightened— are all required to sym pathize with this heroic and disinterested struggle. For tho man of December — the man who violated his oath to maintain tho Constitution of his country, who transported to penal colonies many thousands of tho best Frenchmen, who set himself above the laws of the land, and butchered his fellow citizens indis criminately for two days and nights, lest they should resent his behavior, who gagged the press lest it should whisper a dissent— this man of December has conceived in his heart a horror of despots. He cannot abide tho insolent encroachments of power ; he is \- disgusted at absolutism and serfdom ; has sworn by his crown — that crown he perjured his soul to win — that he will maintain public justice, public law, and constitutional principles. Hear it, ye heavens ! and give ear, O earth ! tho exterminator of tho Irish, the viceregal packer of juries, even the Right Hon. the Earl of Clarendon — tha man who waa once obliged, as you may remember, by the exigency of circum stances, to exercise a vigor beyond the law (which signifies against the law), that he might maintain and vindicate tho law, that our countrymen should starve and perish for ever according to law, and in tho true spirit of Magna Charta — the man who presided over the inauguration of the Famine workhouses, and overlooked tho exportation, at the bayonet's point, of those abundant fruits of the earth that Providence had poured forth in pro fusion upon tho famine-stricken land, and then, having destroyed two millions of men, women, and children, called it not a vice-regal slaughter, but a providential visitation, and thanked heaven that tho laws had been maintained at any rate— this same Lord Clarendon, the friend and pupil of Birch, tho master of the spies, tho instructor of tho suborners, the hospitable entertainer of the deteotivea, protests now that his righteous soul ia grioved at tha thought of that shocking, unconstitutional Russian Govern ment. He also, speaking for his gracious Queen, has taken a solemn vow that despotism shall be bridled, that justice and public law shall be vindi cated. Above all, national independence ; the free- dom, namely, of the Turk to rule his dogs of Christians as he pleases, and buy his women in the cheapest market, according to tho enlightened prin ciples of political economy, that his national in dependence shall be respected — so that justice, liberality, commerce, aud virtue may oover the whole earth, as thoy at present prevail in the happy isles of Great Britain and Ireland. Be silent, then, yo eloquent exiles of Jersey and of London ! Hush the beating of your indignant hearts, ye banished convicts of Cayenne ! See ye not that your re moval was needed te consolidate the power of that man of destiny, who had, after all, a mission to wield that power for a cause so beneficent 1 Cry no longer from the ground, yo two million ghosts of our slaughtered Irish kinsmen/ Let the earth cover you, and rest in peace. Your lot, indeed, was seemingly hard and cruel ; but your legal and constitutional starvation was necessary for the main tenance of tho British Empire — and the British Em pire is, after all, the bulwark of freedom, the cham pion of public virtue, a terror to the evil-doers of the world. 'This theory of the rationale of tho war has not, it must be confessed, satisfied all mankind. Yet all mankind are eager spectators of tho scene ; and in the hearts of them is fired tho deep conviction— if it be not rather a bodeful feeling than a reasoned conclusion— that none of the great wars hitherto waged on the continent of Europe— not tho religious wars of the sixteenth century, nor tho thirty years war of the seventeenth, nor tho seven years' war, , or the war of the Spanish succession, nor even the wars of Napoleon the Great, which wrapped all Europe in flames and blood from Cadiz to Moscow — that none 0f them all was so charged with destiny to the nations as this young giant of a war, now only racking iu its Crimean cradle, God bless it ! but fated one day to bestride the narrow world like a Colossus, unless some pair of diplomatic serpents straugle the goodly babe, or this winter's cold chill its blood, or a damp protocol settle on its lungs — may the Lord increase it and guard it from all its enemies ! And why ? Oh I because, because, all signs and tokens kdicate that this is the very war which is to break up thecr edit and shut thedoors of thai bankrupt and fraudulent firm, the British Govern ment, which, to stav and nlienk thn Knrnnp.in revolu tion of sixty years ago, iucuried liabilities to the amount of eight hundred millions of pounds sterling, or so, beyond its means ; but as suro as to- morrow's sun, as sure aa death, as sura as an overdue kill, a bankruptcy fraudulently staved off by such mean* will only ba a mora disastrous and digraceful bank ruptcy at last. In these lato ages the fate of empires hangs npon finance ; and the grand financial arrangement, on which the fate of the monster called British Empire depends solely and altogether on what ia called the actional credit, confidence, national confidence — namely, that the bankrupt can go on lenewing his bills, and paying the imtere.it on them for ever, in scecula saculorum. Thus for fifty years the British Empire has lived by playing that game known to the New York Police under tha title of tho ' Confidence game.' Once people refuse to place confidence in tha swindler, his occupation Is gone. And to keep up this fictitious confidence, to interest as many people aa possible in crying it up, this never-to-be-paid debt is absolutely called 'The Funds.' A whole army at the PresB i« hired to vaunt their security. Anxious widows, prudent tradesmen are invited to invest the means of their family in thia moonshine : nay, the Savings' Banks are required to buy debentures with tha little savings of the poor ; so that all may have a direct interest in making the concern last their time. And to get means to pay the interest on these precious bonds and debentures, foreign commerce, tbo export of British manufac turea, must ba puahed into all corners of the earth and sea ; and tho British and the Irish people inuBt bo taxed as no people was ever taxed before, so that English workmen may be reduced to a minimum of bread, Irish farmers to less than n minimum of pota toes ; English workmen clothing tho world, butgoing without whole shirts ; Irish farmers sowing and reap ing, but perishing for want of food. And all com mercial and manufacturing natians that have the am bition to rival her must be deprived of their fleets (this is an essential point), cither by wheedling them with her professions of friendship, as these United States have been wheedled, or by falling on them suddenly without a declaration of war, and burning, riddling, and blowing up tlieir shipB, as the fleet of Denmark was treated. So, with the help of Russia, they destroyed the Turkish navy at Navarino— so, with tho holp of Turkey, they seek to destroy the Russian navy at Sebastopol. And China must swallow her opium at the bayonet's point ; and the last Hindoo rauBt give up his last rupee under the bastinado ; and Ireland — but I will not apeak of Ireland yet, Ireland they say ia oon tented. Ireland ia tranquil, Ireland is loyal. Now waB that the system made to last for everl Wan that structure of cant and greediness and blood to stand oumbering tho earth and affronting tha sun, whilo the earth should revolve and the sun should ?hinel iVo wonder that ve kear of insurrections in India. In India, as all over the globe where the influence of that government ia even indirectly felt, human naturo revolta against it at last. God nor man o.innot enduro it. When I was in my prison await ing the packing of the jury which waa to pretend to try me, I took the liberty of predicting to my enemies that wherever they should Hend me in ray chains, even at the uttermost ends of tho earth, I should hear the crash of the downfall of THE THRICE ACOUR3ED BRITISH EMPIRE. And shall I not? Now mark, while I try to explain the reasons which in duce mo to believe that our ears are to be blessed with, that joyous sound even sooner than the most sanguine hoped for. First — England is engaged in a war, the cost of eight months of which, January to September, 1855, amounted to £110,000,000. Incieasod income-tax, and additional loana to be added to the credit fnnds I Heavier debt, and a lighter purse. In ceased interest to the publio creditor, aad dimin ished means of paying it. And a bubble when it has been blown largo enough must burst. A con sumption, though long uto v and lingering, when it begins to gallop will kill. Aud no mm in ail Eu rope knows precisely how much England can still bear bo well as the Czar of Russia. Russian Czars are accustomed to prescribe for Bick men ; and tho imperial physician has hia finger on the puJse of 1 this interesting patient, counts every throb, and knows how to distinguish between tho vigorou3 pulsation of full health Mid that artificial excite ment produced by stimulants (lying newspapers, for example). lie knows accurately his own strength and England's — can measure to an hour which can bold out longest, and acts accordingly. No wonder thero are peace rumors in England ; I bo wonder that tho treacherous pretence ot nogo I tiationa kept up by Auatria ia eagerly caught at there. But there are no rumors of Peace in St. Petersburgh. While one hoslilo foot presses tho soil of the Crimea, the Czar dares not make pence. He is extending his fortifications, and casting cannon, and importing gunpowder from Amorica : above all, he ia liberating tho serfs — fixing an innumerable pro prietary of small land-holders on the noil of Buenia. Consider that contrast I In Russia ever/ peasant is investing hia savings in landed estate, while in England the hard-working but landless artisan is buying (through tho savings' banks) into the credit ftnds. Secondly — Eogland has not only already lost her army in the first eighteen months of war, but her social and governmental system has been for fifty years so diligently destroying tho materials out of which armies aro made, that alia can never, never moro create auch another. Not to speak (just yet) of the depopulation of Ireland, the census of Great Britain shows that two-thirds of the area of Scot land are actually decreasing in population. Tho Highland olans that used to send some of the beat regiments to the British service, are broken and gone. Their glens are peopled by red deer or by sheep, and the only chieftain who rn'es there now is thi) shepherd or the game keeper of some Cockney lord, British policy haB bestowed the lauds whi-b rightfully belonged to tbe clansmen upon their chief tains, and has eall-sd them earls and dukes. Clans men and kinBmcn have sunk into tenants — tenants at will (you know what that is) — and political economy has up-rooted them from their native hills, driven them to the sea, ovor the sea, into the aaa ; and the remnant of Glengarry clears forests in Canada, or Heeks the dreary fortune of an exile in all tho corners of the earth ; and tho survivors of their dwarfed and stunted children weave shawls in Pais 1 V, or knot the ends of threads upon the bobbins of Glasgow. Most of them are reckluas paupers, and spend their wages in British gin. Some of them are prudent and saving, and they buy into tho credit fund. Glasgow, indeed, and Paisley, and other hives of what they call industry — they have in creased in papulation, have increased, are increasing, and ought to be diminished ; but throughout all Scotland, highland and lowland, tbe whole of tho agricultural and pastoral diat riots aro thinning out. Yet Scotland, ou the wholo, is increasing. The mon aro there, then, but of what kind t Where are you to look for them I In the huge manufac turing cities you may find thom, their heads beat down over spindles and bobbins, slaves of the lamp, thralls of tho inexorable steam-engine, and the smoke of their tormout asaendeth up for ever and ever- The war-office dresB up, in tartan and philli bog, Iriah paupera, or British decayed tapsters and hostlers trade fallen, and call them Highland regi ments. But glorious old Scotland, throughout all her straths, and isles, and heathy mountains, ' Where the hunter of doer and the warrior trod, On the hills that encircle the sea has lost her men— the heart and soul have gone out of hor. Her claymoro hangs rusty on tho wall ; tho pibroch of Donnell Dhu may sound a gathering, but there is no (ramp of her clansmen to Invorlocby. ' Blaok Watch,' or ' 42 ' Camoronians, or Scots' Grays, will novor troop from her mountains again to battle. She may wail her last coronach, and vanish into outer darkness. And let her go, ?ayB English policy. What matter about a mob of bare-legged Colts, while the true British yeoman re mains to us. Tho British yeoman ! Ah 1 they have made a sorry yeoman of him I By tho lame censu3 of '51, it is found that twenty-seven entire counties of England aro decreasing iu population, and thoao the agiicul ural counties where yet men are bred. A writor in Blackuood's Magazine of last month, a British Tory writor, a writer who yet lovea and veneratea the British empire, mournfully lays down these two indisputable facta. Fiia'.ly, ' that an ent''e ohange iB taking placo iu the relations of the Brl':sh people to the British soil' — that is, that by the enlargement of already monstrous et-t^tes, pmall forma, and of course small fnriners, aro Bwallowt d up, and tho number of proprietors is dwindling to » handful. The si-cond position of the writer is, ' that thero is a physical deterioration taking place amongst tho peoplo.' Ia ehoxt, there also, tbo country is thinning out, thti manufacturing cities &ro; swarming and hiving J aud tho meu of tlio country are mostly homeless farm laborers (so poli tical economy has willed it) — and the men of tho citieR ! poor pining factory workers, or four-footed miners iu the btf'^els of the oarth — without lightB, without votes, Nvithout education or Rpirit. The sons of tho hardy old English yeomen, with wire masks over tliei'. faccs, are polishing a steel fork. Day llld lli'jljt. Wetk after wr-r-L- VMr iDir rnnr 1 1, cimn mar; polishes a fork ; or ho is attending a spindle, And breathing an atmr.sphero of cotton clouds from bis youth up. Or a descondrmt of tome archer who drew hia bowstring to the ear at Creuy, now for twelve hours every day sharpens tho point of a pin. All his^ faculties of soul and sense centra upon that _ pin point. Hia oxistence h&nga; upon it his ambition is bounded by it, and for him ia no world beyond it. Alas for those joomen of England — their muaclea aro shrinking, their^ braina are drying, their animal spirit is weaving away, and we do not wonder when wo hear that thousands of the new recruits in the Crimea did not know how to fire a gun, or load a gun. Not only did not know, but could not leirn. Their in tellect ard enorgy had all been expended upon other purauita. One could knot a thread, another could clip it, a third could mix flour pasto to thicken calico, and a fourth could mnke a sufficient pin point ; but Minis rifles and tho villainous saltpetre lay quite out of their department. As for the re cruits from Ireland, they were workhouse paupers — tho relics of tho famine and tho fever. And so, tho Russians had no great trouble in fliDging them all down tbe slopes of the Rodan,. while 'our brave allien,' thi Freuch, shrugged their shoulders with a compassionate ainile, and Eaid — ' Ah tho poor EnglUh.' But Thirdly, and thi* is a ve.-y hopeful circum stance — all the other European Powora, especially Austria a»J Prussia, havo a direct interest in tho ccmtinuancn of tho war — Austria, because it is ex hausting Franco ; and Prussia, because she drives a largo overland trado between Russia and tho rest of Europe and America, so long as the Baltic porta of Russia are blockaded. For these, and for other rea sons, those Powers have been apparently negotiating peace, but really promoting war, apparently friendly to Eogland and France, but really bound and devoted to Russia i and if Austria is at this moment making _ another sham proposal for an accommo dation, it ia with stock-jobbing objects altogether. Tho prudent Emperor ef Austria deals in atocks in the British funds. Ono week ho gives out, that he is making very handsomo proposals for adjustment— that week he s-lls. The next week his overtures aro rejected, and then ho buys— to re peat tbo operation tho following month. But the prudent potentate knows when to draw out of that business ; and if ho does not, tho Czar will toll him. Moreover it has long been tho settled policy of the German powers in retaliation, or rather in self defence, against, the greedy commercial policy of England, to exclude her manufactures from thtir dominions. England formerly deluged the Conti nent with her gooda, and fifty years ago commenced her policy of exciting and subsidizing war in Europe, war Bho cared not for what, bo that it ruined her rivals' factories, and drafted off their artizans to battle. She succeeded ; but at a cost so enormous aa to^ ensure her own destruction at last ? for the principle of her statesmen af that day was ' after us, the Deluge !' And so during tho last great war in Europe. Euglaud had vast influence on that con tinent. Now she has none. Tho self-defensive Com mercial Ljague of Germany has shut her manufac tures out of all their ports except Hamburgh. Not a Gorman principality will now suffar her to pay its troops, or recruit its subjects. The King of Prussi i will not sulfur her to have a man at Cologne ; nud the vorv nn^rt of nnM.. ? : ? uci very uuiuuie Service, first to slaughter tho Americans, next to cut the throats of the Irish, cannot now be hnd for money or for lovo, for bullying or for blarneying. So tho British Press witu ouo voice calls tbe King of Prussia a hopeless drunkard, and the Queen turns to America for recruits. America is her Anglo Saxon cousin, and surely she will not refuss even to let her laws be slightly violated under the auspices of ao gentlemanlike a minister as Mr Crampton - — and in so good a ciuho. Beside j, aro there not, says the Times, thousands of Irish resi dents in tho United States, still by law tha Queen of England's Bubjects ! Why prevent them from joining her Majaa y a forces, to humble tho despot of tho North I Observe, thoy caII ua Irishmen in America, the Queen of England's subjects. What da you Bay to that ? I say, in their throats, they lie. Well, then we find that England has increased her national debt, nlready enormous — haa increased her taxation, already most oppressive — has destroyed hor vetoran and only army, nnd driven away or slain the materials for another — has exasperated against her , all tho Powcra of E rope (except our ' august ally ) — has exposed her weakuens by ransacking tho world for reCk*uits, and ransacking iu vain : — but this is not all. Surest and fatalist sign of a falling state — the people of England, tho great, multitudi nous iuas3ea are fermenting iu hunger and despera tion. One out of every ten men, women, and children in England walks a publio pauper. Aud to those who aro not yet paupers, bread is dear and wages low, and ever lo -er ; and taxes high and evor higher; and continual strikes frighten the manufacturing districts ; and hungry myriuds hold their ghastly festivals in Hyde Park, to tho terror of genteel persons in thoir oorouotted coaches ; and the demagogues of the people grow louder and bolder— and I observe that one of the ablest of them, Ernest Jones, a man of education and accomplishments, latoly lectured to a vast meeting in Loudon , and what think you was the subject of hia discourse: — 'Ernmett anil Insurrection.' All blind, perhaps, aud aimless movemonts aa yet — but all symptomatic of tho same thiry, nainoly, ft total estrangement of the governed from tho governing classes, TOTAL DISLOYALTY AND RECKLESS READINESS FOR ANY CHANGE. And i-ow the Government of England, hated by its own subjects, has to place itsolf under the protecting wing of the nephew of tho man who died in St. Helena ; whoia willing, for some wise and inscrutable purpose of his own, to keep it going Jot a little whilo. He orders it to expel his enc-miea who havo taken shelter in its island of Jersey — and it is done. Again ha says, pass me an alien Act 1 Keep in order for me theso Louia Blanca and Victor Hugoa ; what ia your hubeas corpus lo me ? And j all Europe, all Asia, and America looks on with pleasure while the Anglo- Savon bully crouches at I hia master's fnnftf.nol- A twl nnw atrnrv w/.nlr fhol passes, thank God I is bringing matters nearer to a crash — every week is hewing a slice of Britain's pomr and prestige — of her military prestige, by giving her generals an eppart unity of proving themseltes helpless foo's — of her moral prestige, by giving her ministers and statesmen daily occasion to prove them selves all fools and rogues together. Every week ia deepening the disaffection, ripening the Revolution, hastening tho inovitablo Bankruptcy, pushing tho Tiling they call the British Empire nearer and nearer to tha edge of tho bottomless pool. When it goe3 nobody I believe will be sorry, except the Sambo King of the Mo quitoes. Ho will havo lost a friend. But in every other region of tho earth, from tho Ionian islands to Pekin, and from Arohaugel to the Capo of Good Hop.1, men will waken up aa from a nightmare. Even now, tbo Seik on th6 plains of tho Punjaub lifts his head aud listena, and hope brightens iu his eju. The Moslem of the old Mogul Enipito feela his scymitar ntir iu its scabbard, and murmurs — God is great ! Tho Mali ratta horseman lays hand once more upon his spear, and hopes ouo day of vengeanco The Sauthals of tho hills are up already. Tho Burmesa are stirring. Tho very Caffivof Africa whets hisassaigai. CANADA AND AUSTRALIA SAY TEEY ARE LOYAL, BECAUSE THEY ARE ALREADY ALMOST INDEPENDENT, AND C&L; VJLY AWAIT THEIR NEW BIRTH INTO THE FAMILY OF REPUBLICS. But Irelatid — Ireland alone, they tell rae, is contented, loyal and tranquil I Ireland wants no revolutions, oi* disturbances ; and thero every man, Bitting at eaaa under hia own Vine and hia own fig-tree, with nono to make him afraid, blesses hia Gracious Sovereign I British news papers, those infallible nnd disinterested autho rities, inform us that Ireland, rejoicing at being rid of her noxious agitators, ia applying herself to peaceful kid ub try ; and many an American newspaper, echo ing those authorities, sternly rebukes us Irish Exile.', for atill sometimes talking of our country's wrongs. Go over there now, Bay they, with your eternal talk of rebellions and ropublics ; and those peasantry tbat you sympathise with so tenderly would givo you up at the nearest police station. Let danger come whence it will to the British Empire nnd Social ( System, that danger will not como from Ireland. | Look at the Irish newspapers triumphing ia tho achievements of our army in the Crimea I Certainly eight years havo gone by sinco I saw the . ahoro cf my native laud vanishing far asters ; and great chaugcs may have come over hei since that day — but we are not so far away here that intelligence cannot reach ua- And though I am eight years from Ireland, gome of you who hoar me came but last year — some of you perhaps last month Tell me, then, did yoa leave our eouniry contente'l and loyal 1 Did you leave your brothers and kinsmen ri j -icing in the ilritish feats of arms I Did you hear thom curso tho Czar, and ory out upon his unconsti tutional rule — and compassionate his poor Russian «erfs ! Nay then surely there is a changed time in Ireland 1 Had the farmers' tenant-ii 'ht been admitted and secured to them ? Had each firmer got nt last bis own small domaiu, with God for his only landlord t Had the assistant barristers fallen out of tbe ejectment trade ? And the bog-bailiffs, wbb their occupation gone! Had tbe peasant, tho mere cultivator of tho earth, plucked up the courag& to stand unbent before a red faced land agent, looking him straight in thofacs and wearing his hat upou hia head — without fear of irri tating hia honor T Were tho herds and the harvests of Ireland consumed in Ireland, when you left your home ; and the ayBtom under which a furmer, after laboring hard tho whole year, had to reap hia harvest with the sheriff's bailiff, nnd tho landlord's bailiff, and the poor rate collector, and the county-cosa col lector, all waiting at his gate — so that when he had bound his last shock of grain for tho stranger, there waa nothing left for him but to lio down and die — has tbat syBtem been changed then 1 Or does tho im provement we hear of consist merely in tho cloaring away of so much population, so that England can havo all their food without starving any more 1 Does tho amelioration mean that tho laborers of England's store farm are at last reduced to that pre cise number which fits their masters, bo that the ncedfal expenditure on that farm for keep of laborers may suflico to keep them in working order 1 No doubt, if two men aro allowed but one loaf, the sudden death of one of the men will ameliorate the other. Is thia tho improvement ! Or, tell me, havo our countrymen indeed risen to tho rank and spirit of men t Docs no agent now herd them at the hustings ? Do they voto as they please t And, aa I havo spoken of the loyal Irish newspapers, I wish to know has tho purchase of newspapers by tho British Government with the secret service money (a practice which was carefully observed and applied in times past) — has that practice ceased 1 Is there no occasion for it t And are these glorifications of ' oi!r army,' aud those proclamations of Irinb loyalty, indeed tho spontaneous impulse of the editorial heart — the true expression of a nation's contentment and gratitude 1 May a man keep a and a police-brand upon its stock 1 May a farmer ehoot tho birds that feed upon his own corn without fear of handcuffs and dungeons 1 Has he no tithe rent- charge to pay to a paBtor who never preaches to him, and whom he would not listen to if the pastor did preach ! It is well. Who would disturb the con tentment of so happy a people ! I wish them joy. But is Ireland, even now, so silent and stupid ! Are there no sparkles of tha smonldering fire flash ing out oven tbera J Passing ovor the paid organs of tha Government, and tho Orange organs of the parsons, I find that tho Tipperary Liader is week after week congratulatingits readers on the prostra tion and disgrace and approaching ruin of England. Those who know the peasantry in the south and west and centre, tell me that although there are no monater meetings, r.o money-gathering associations now (an» so much the better), every count* yman who has still a roof over his head is rejoicing at his own fireside over the discomfiture of his and our ancient cnemt]. Hu is glad iudeed that tho French, even in a bad cause, vindicate their anoient fame ; but grimly smiles over the carna/e of Balaklava and tbe disgrace of the Red&u.; What is more significant still, a weekly newspaper has just been started in Dr.bliu by young gentlemen of education and character, Protestant and Catholic, named The Tribune, and EXPRESSLY DEVOTED TO THE PRKPARATION OF THE COUNTRY FOR INSURRECTION. At tho gato of the Cattle, within sight of tho Four Courts, having before them tha stern warning that the foreign Government signalised upon their predu csssors in tnat perilous patn, tueae genersus u.iv BELS announce that tho voico of truth nnd honor shall bo heard iu Irelaud otic-i more. Tako ono oeutence from the leading article of their teccml number : — 'We assert, and mean to prove, that Franca and England have goue to war to advanoe their own in terests, and subserve their own ends, and for bucIi reasons only. And, further, wo assert tbat the people of Irelaud can feel no possible interest whatever iu Eagland'rf succcsa— however much they may havo reason to REJOICE AT HER DOWN FAL AND DEI'iiAT. For England is our Russia, To d ay, then, wo erect our standard — the standard of a national Faith.' Thia sounds bo refreshing that I will give you another sentence from another number of tho Tri bune : — ' This war has done, up to tho present, what nei ther famine nor bankruptcy, nor Chartism, nor Re peal agitation, nor monster meetings could effect. It haB dealt A MORTAL BLOW TO THE VILE3T SYSTEM OF DESPOTISH THAT EVER CURSED THIS EARl'H — a system whiob, not content with rapine, plunder and spoliation, must needs rob and murder under tho pretence of advancing tho interests of civilisation and religion ; aud it has givon to the victims of English misrule in evory part of tho world an opportunity of recovering tho rights and diguity of Freemen. * * England's difficulty lias come — has not Ireland's opportunity also ?' Tho Tribune also instructs its roaders CTery week, not in their wrongs and grievances (about which it thinks enough has been said), but in the making of field fortifications, and the bsst way of resisting horse, foot, and artilUry. And what I find in it most sensible of all is, that it loudly pr-ach?s the doctrine that tho Irish Land belongs to tho Irish People — ' It is perfectly clear,' say they, 'that an En glish House of CommouB never will, never can, never dare do justice to the Irish peasant- And so is the energy of every man absolutely wasted who ever honestly applied himself to aineudments in tho Law of Landlord and Tenant. England will never root the Irish nation in the Irish soil, if Euglaud can help herself. England will never pass any bill, ma terially interfering with what her own landlord class call their rights, Unless England be driven thereto by revolution.' It sounds like the United Irishman. If my friends aro plagiurizinir from me, I make them welcome. But it was for writing these very thing* that three news papers were crushed by that government in '48, and their offices plundered under pre!cnco of law, and thtir editors sent to expiate the crime of speaking truth at the Antipodes ; and now these hardy rebels, with a courage as daring as that of tho Irish Boldieis who defended the bridge cf Ath lone, step forward and say ; Here are wo also. Wo next undertake to tell our People that which they ought to knorf. We also say that your power is tottering, your constitution ia a fraud, your govern ment is a lie; we also challenge you to thia deadly guujc, ami run una biiccb ui uuio uue existence of the Bntish empire. May heaven Bpeed them well 1 and give them tho victory! Well, then, do you Beo auy dauger of that immor tal rebellious spirit which has broathed hatred and delianco for seven hundred years, which outlived tho penal laws and the break of Augluim, and tho foul Union itself— do you see danger of its dying out now, just at the moment when tho enemy's clutch is about to relax from his victim'a throat ! Do you think, indeed, that there is any danger of the Irish race at noun on abroad, rem-, ining quiet spectators of the catastrophe of that power which I'aul Jones called 'the enemy of the human race)' Believo me they will bear a hand in that good and holy work. The old island of O'Neill and Sarsficld, the moat authontia representative of the Celtio race, the fertile nursing mother of soldiers, has a part vo play. The traditions of their raue demand thia at their hands — the honor of their fathers, the honor of their children require it. The living aud tbe dead expect it. But I find that some solemn newspaper editors :.;i America take us sternly to task for 3Uch sentiments as these. If the Irish, thoy Bay, uretorebol, what have you to do with that 1 Remember that America is jour country now I As American citizens, or inchoate citizens, they Bay you are bound to forgot your mother's house, though you know that k robber ia this moment throwing that liouso out of tho window I Having become freemen yourselvep, your duty requires you to forgot that you have a brother or a fatbnr in Ireland atill a serf — that you havo sisters in Ireland still suckling slaves. What won der, thoy add, that tho great American p -rty pro claims theso Irish unworthy of citizenship in America, when we find them atill costing lingering looks behind, and interesting thomselves more in tho fate of tho mother that bora them, than in tha oharms of tho bride that has condescended to vre-i thorn ? Now, I may as well Bay plainly to theso solemn Know-Nothing editors that we set at nought all their counsels, and will none of their reproof. I tell them that they are not American public opinion, nor any pa it of it ; and that wo know better what be;its an American citizou than they. The Con stitution and Laws of tbia country aro fortunately in black-and-white. We can read thsm ; and if the Iriih-horn people of theae States have excited the wrath and jealousy of their fellow-citizens, it ha? generally been, not becauso they broke tho laws, but because they refused to break them — not because the} took no interest in tho institutions of America, but because they took too eager an interest — not becaufe they violated tho Constitution, but because thej maintained it — not because they infringed the neutrality laws, but beeauso they brought to justice thoso who were infringing them. It is not tho Irish born pcoplo whom you find proclaiming that they are tired of the Constitution. In this Hall I have seen lecturers, American lectnrors, malo nnd femalo, stand and curso the Constitution and swear that they would never obey the laws which their owu representatives had mado for Ihcm undor the Con stitution, and thousands of voices yelled applause. What Irishman ever did that ! Let those Bolemn advisers, then, turn their attontion to Walker — let thom tako to task the ' Lone Star.' Lot them read their lectures to the Anti-Slavery lecturers, or upbraid the nnllifiera of'tbn South ! Thoao newapapern, luckily, do not speak tha senti ment of Americans. Bolieve me, that if the struggle come, and our kinsmen across tho nea are once more to be in arms against their ancient foea ; and if wo, the Irish in America, do not give them stalwart aid, in men, in money, and in arms, the Americana would be the first to reproach us, nnd tho Bhame would cleave to ua and our name and raco for ever. But on tbis point I desire to be explicit, because I nm tired of what is voguo, nnd I do not know anything which needa to ba concealed from friends or from foes, Occasions may ariso in one or other of two waya. Financial distress and social dis organisation in England and Ireland, lead to a social convulsion, properly called a revolution. The English people and aristocracy will ere long be at one another's throats; the Public Services will be unprovided for ; tho fundholders ruined, the manu facturer! bankrupt, the artisans homeless and hungry in tbe streets. Church and State, Throno and Altar will go down in that Btorm. In each case tho timo will have como for Ireland to provide for the management of her own affairs. When the hool of her enemy ii off her breast, then she can rise : — and to aid her in that, any number of Irish-born citizens of America, or native citizens either, may find their way across the Atlantic, without breaking any law, and cast their lot iu with Ireland once for all — to mako her an independent nation, or to die honorably upon her flelda. This, I say, is ono way in which the occasion to serve Ireland may ariso But those who may bo preparing to avail themselves of it must remember, that if they enlist or are enlisted in any secret military orgauization, for the purpose ot an expedition to Ireland, and if, in tho furtherance of that design, they take a single Btep towards Buch invasion whilo America and England are at peace, they do break the laws of this Republio, which they havo taken upon them a solemn obligation to obey. It there are in America (aa I know thore are) brave Irish gentiemen who are not citizens, and de not mean to be citizens, the observations I havo made apply not to thom- Let them, if they can, push on their daring enterprise, and may Ood speed them in it. I, for one, have declared my intention to be a citizen of thia country. Gentlemen, I will not either break tho law, or evado the law, or elude the law. I reiisted what the enemy falsely called Law in Ireland, because I denied it to bo law, and because it fatally prevented tho existence of real law. Here I respect and will maintain law, because it ia law ; and because on the sacredness of law depends the well beiug of a land which is at this moment the only land oil earth where a man of spirit cun live without desiring to make a revolution. In short, I declirs, speaking for myself ouly, that I feel myself perfectly at liberty to embark ou auy morning, either alone or in company, in a ship for Ireland, r.nd THERE TO TRY THE CHANCES OF REVOLUTION ; and although if our couutrymen wero once iu arms, that is precisely what I would do, yet I do not foel at liberty to prepare on tha soil of tho United States an aroied invasion of a couutry with whose de Jacto government the United States is nt peaco. We mustrecol'ect that England, being still in some sort erect upon her wooden legs- being still nominally a species of power in Europe — has yet the ad vauta^o of being able to flatter herself that she is on terms of friendship, nay, of tender sympathy with America. All the friendship nud sympathy she gets here, indeed, are precisely what America owes her — no moro and no less ; but still America is at peace with the old toothless impostor, and feels in no way called upon, just now, to knock the crmtch from under her or expose hor nakedness ; therefcre, the American Government will by no means permit any military expedition to Ireland, and ou;;ht cot to bo expected to permit it, and has both the will and the power to prevent it. Tho first way, then, in which Irishmen iu America may find or make occasion to aid their brethren, ia. I must confess, a rather precarious way— it ia simply to go to Ireland, aa pas&eugera;, as sailors, as tourists, ia any character they choose, except a military character, nnd THERE TO BEGIN OR AID AN INSURRECTION OF THE PEA SANTRY,— WITH TUI-S SINGLE WATCH WORD, MOTTO, AND GATHERING CRY ' THE LAND I' There is another way in which the occasion may arise, and the thought of it makes tbo heart leap. England may, in the confidenoe that Bho has the support of her ' august ally' — may desperately and madly provoke a war with America. Nay, if the bully PalmerHton ia able, he will assuredly add that war to tho other little complications of his country. In that case, the course is clear. In that caset is it too much to promise, that FORTY THOUSAND IRISHMEN WILL OFFER THEMSELVES AS AN ARMY OF INVASION ? -\R IRELAND AT TIIEIR OWN EXPENSE! In that case, let uative Americans take order for the defence of the coast, for the liberation of Cuba and Central America, for tho privateering, for Canada, and the fur countries. Forty thousand Iriah citizens will crave, will pray for, the honor and privilege of striking at tbo hearc of that foul tyranny in tho Castle of Dublin, nnd, if the President ordera them, in BUCKINGHAM PALACE. From a' parts of the Union, I have eager letters for month 1 pait. An Irish Gentleman iu California writeB to adjure me iu the' name of God, if such an ex pedition Bhall bo projected to givo him tha word in tisr.e. Another, an old Irish Confederate, now culti vating a branch in tho Cruzita valley, beyond tbe Kocky Mountains, writes to me thus: — 'As my brother and myself pray for nothing more earnest y for the chance to go on such an errand, and with the first that go, wo would like to be ready. Wo are poor ; but we oan equip ourselves, pay our expenses to New York, and contribute enough to tho publio fund to free it from ull charge for landing- us iu Ireland ; and thence forward' — But tbat is enough to quoto. Men In Iowa and in Missouri are hoarding money this moment to invest it in that sacred fund ; hoarding health and strength to spend it iu that pious enterprise. I have so far as I was concerned discouraged all codectioi.a of money for Buch a purpose, because I knew that if the instant command tho means of half tho industrious and prosperous Irishman from New Orkan-i to Pas samaquoddy. I know that .Irishwomen would g'.vj their very ring* and chains — would they not I I know that, with the impulsive char.cter of our raco, the moment of action would diaw forth Such a flood of resistless enthusiasm as never sus tained the ancient Irish cause beforo ; and if at auch a moment, and in such a cause, we ask a volunteer array of our countrymen, what Iriah mother will grudgo ua her ouly son ? Yos, thero may bo a war between Amorica and England. Tho ouly otiemy tbia republic haB or over had, is England, an insidious, but bitter and relent less oncp.iv — a neceswry nud eternal enemy. For Britain is the stronghold ef aridtocracy ; tho United States tho bulwark and exemplar of democracy ; soont r or liter those rival powerB must fight it out. Great Britain, on her part, furnishe3 tho occasion of such a struggle at every moment. War then will como. It will be the third war — it will ba the last. And, when it comes, if tho Irish in tho United States do not acquit themselves as loyal citizens ; if thay do not prove ou fvery rod field, and on every slippery deck, that they value lepxMcan institutions and aro willing to pay tho highest price for them — if they do not take out of tho mouths of orery enemy tho slanders and Bneera with which England has pursued them into all lands — if they do tut thrust those slandtrs and sneers down England' throat, then let them dig railroads and carry hods for ever. As to preparation for such a crisis I have not much to say. The best preparation is, that we learn in tho meantime to bo good American citizens ; and remember tbat ono ot the dearest rights aud most inseparable characteristics cf an American citizcu is the possession of arm?. Having undertaken to speak to you on this abEO;bing subject, I will speak my inind — Well then I wUi say, that I set very little store by what are calltd 'organisations' in our present circumstances. Have you not found that they are too liable to bo used for personal nggran disemeut 1 Oo they not stimulate and excita the tlrek ly too impatient aud restlcsi spirit of our peopl. t Do we not frequently join such organkitiona under the erroneous impression that an immediate crisis a at hand, and qo ubout saying, lo ! hero, or 1 1 ! there. So many regiments removed from Ireland — i« not thi* the opportunity wn prayed for! There, the Euglifh have failed at tbe Redan — thero Kara ban fallen. Now, then, is the moment, now, or never ! A«d if our owu crotchet is not adopted; if our com rades will not set tbo Clock of the Revolution by our watch, do we not sometimes retiro iu whiit wa call 'disgust?' Or, worse still, if our own per sonal importauco bo not sufficiently recognined in ono association, do we not go and form another, where tho due amount of conBequenoe will bo given toournoblo aelves. Now, I believo that there ii ao opportunity for any effoctual present aotioD, though auch is very sure to como ; and tbat it ii mischievous, thia impatient chafing — this continual pointing to somo fancied crisis, and crying now rr never. In fact aud truth, it will ba neither uow cr novor, and an attempt to grasp at tbe now might possibly cusuro tho never. I praj you, my friends, to discourage this impatient spirit. Above all to diacourago leadership. If any will bo first among you, let him be your servant ; and, like true Repub licans, mako us nil foel that our personal conBe qnenco is not of the smallest consequence in life. There is no hurry. No hurry 5 — somo ono »ay say -you were in a great hurry iu '48. Yea; 'in '48 every day lost was making us weaker, nnd the enemy stronger. Now every day makes the enemy weaker, and will make lie stronger if wo are wiser. In '43 at Buch ft dehdly rato wore tbe English .help ing the famine and the famine helping tho English, that every single week Blow mere men (without counting women and children) than havo yet been slain in all tbe battles of the Crimea. Then time waa on their aide ; now time is on ours. Therefore there ia no hurry. Rua» a is fighting for us. Bankruptcy is fighting for us. The stars in their courses are fighting for us : and every rising Bun sees our enomy weaker than tho setting sun had left hor. Nay, is not time making us stronger too 1 A year ago, we heard muuh of despondency in the Irish cause — of giving up hope. Who talks now of giving up hope ! The thing is im possible. The activity and zeal of British statesmen ai/l not suffer a man to fall into despondency who hat anything to gain by the ruin of the Brilith Empire. We cannot givo up hope 'in presence of existing complications,1' if I may borrow their foul gibberish. Let us all bo of good cheer, in view of ' contingent eventualities.' What tlioao eventualities »ro coming to, admits of no moro doubt than you feel when you look upon the rapids of Niagara, about what is to become of those waters shortly. Tbe -British Empire has Russia, a dangerous onemy, face to face with hor — has Napoleon III, a more dang'-rous friend, ia her bosom — has her owu people surging under her feet. Her sun is going down in a red and troubled aky. The storm-clouds are gathering aud blackening over her zenith, the thunder rolls around her horizon, and, in the words of old Goneral Simpson, ' the weather is magnificent.' 