VARIETIES. A strap is sometimes a very good thing to sharpen razors aud dull boys. If alt tbo fools and knaves wero black, what a very oinbro looking world this would ba. The Pretender to the Crown. — A Lady's bonnet. ' Ob, she was n j ewet of a wife,' mourning over the loss of liis better half ; 'she always Btruck mo with tho totl ond of tho mop.' If you wish your neighbours to nolioo you, buy a dog aad lie him up in the gerdou ail night. They won't steep for thinking of you. ' What branch of oducation do you have ohiefly in your Eohool ' A branch ofbiroh, sir; the master has used almost a wholo troe.' A jndgo now on the bench once asked a young lad who was callod as a witness if he knew where he would go if he told a lie ? To wh oil he repliod, he supposed ho should go where all the lawyers went. A Cockney's Con. — Why is a contentod man of great wealth liko a ghost ? — Beoause he is a liappy -rich' un (apparition). ' So I seo you luvo put on your best i uit for'dinner.' — ' Oh, yes, I expected the dinner to be well dressed lor me, so 1 thought I oould not do Ices than return tho nompliment.' ' When wo aro married, Julia, you'll see how I'll drivoyou to the 'Castlo' in a carriage.' — 'But Den nis, whero is tho money to ooine Irom?' — 'Ob, we don't wan t any money : people do these things now-a- days on quite a now principle, I assure you,'—' In deed'.' said Julia. ' Yos,' replied Dennis, 'sad often they do them Without any principal at all.' Why ie a lawyor tho worst sleoper in tlio world 1 Beoause he first lies on ono side, then he lies on the olhor, and he is wide awake all tho time ! A rotirod sohoolmasler excuses liia passion for ang ling by saying that, from constant habit, he never feols quite himself unless he is handling the rod. Man carries undor his hat a private theatre, where in is aotod a greater drama than ever is performed on the mimio stave: a drama beginning and ending in eternity. — Carlylc. ' You exhibit a great doal of vanity, madam, in al ways tolling what others think of you-' 'It would certainly be no vanity in you, sir, to toll what the world IhitikB of you-' It has been told of tho late Mr. Peter Moore, and was actually true of Secretary Scruggs, who began life as a footman, that in tho days of his opuldnoe lie onoe handed some ladies into their oarriage, and then from the more force of habit, got up behind. George II. onoo obsorved of the lord-steward of his household, just dead, that 'he had a great many good qualities, hut he was a sieve !' Upon this AValpote remarks, ' It is the last reoeivor into wbioh I should havo thought his Majesty would have poured gold.' Montaigne has a pleasant story ?aboufc a litito boy who, when liis mother had lost a law-suit whioh he had always heard tier speak of as a perpetual oause of trouble, ran up to her in great glee to tell her of the loss as a matter of congratulation nnd ioy ; the poor oliild thinking it was like losing a cough, or any other bodily ailment. Though an habitual valetudinarian, Moliere relied almost upon tho lomporancs of his diet for the re- establishment of his health. ' What uso do you make of our physician ?'said tho king to him one day. ' Wo chat together, sire,' said tho pool, ' ho gives me his prosoiptious, I never follow them, and so I get well.' The Duko of Snxo-AVeimnr, when in Now York went one ovoning in a haokney-ooach to a party, and, the noxt day was callod upon by tho driver for his faro, who asked tho Duke whethor ho was the man ho had driven tho night beforo ; nnd on being answer ed in tho sllirmativo, informod him that ho was the gentlemen that drovo him, and that ho had come for his half-dollar, Captain Graali, on ouquiring how many ohiidren a Grcenlandor was blossod. with, was answered, ' four.' His wife howovor, contradioted him, deolaring thore wero ' fivo ;' nor could thoy agree about tho matter till thoy counted them on their fingers, tho only arithmetical power, of which they '.had auy knowledge- Their names woie in English, Lamp-soot, Round- knife, Childs-jaekel, Blubber, and Old. A gontleman from Ireland, on entering a London iavorn, saw a oouutryman of his, a Tipperary squire sitting over Lis pint of wirio in the Coffee-room. ' Blood an' 'ounds, my dear follow,' said he, ' what aro you about ? For the honour of Tipporary, don't be after sitting ovor half a pint of wiue in a house liko this.' ' Make yourself aisy, oountrymaD," was tho reply, ' it's tho soventh I have had, and every one koows it.' A hon-vivunt being observed by a friend, who had not seen him for a long timo, to be downcast in his ooimteuanoe, and vory unlike himself, was asked if anything serious had befallen him. ' Nothing of the sort,' was his reply, "but I am quite an altered ohar- aoter. I have left oil drinking.' ' Indeed,' replied tiis doar friend, rutkor astonished nt the assortion, 'and sin o whnn ?' ' Since two o'clock this morning.' was tho facolious reply : the speakers oountonanoe re covering its usual cast of good- humor and mirth1' A lCent u' kiMi visited a merchant at Now York, with whom, aftor diuner, ho drank wine and Bmokod cigars, spitting on tho carpet, muoh to the annoy- au :o ol his host, who desired a spittoon to be brought for Lis troublesome visitor ; he, however, pushed it away with his foot, and wboa it was replaced, he kicked it away again, quito uuawnre of its use. Avken it had been thrico roplaoed, the K«nluokian drawled out to the servant that had brought it, ' I'll tell you what; you've been pretty considerable troublesome with that 'oro thing, I gess ; if you put it there again I'm hUDg if I donl spit into it.' Sir James Maokinlosh had a great deal of humor and, amoDg many other examples of it, ho kept a dinnor party at liis own bouse for two or throe hours in a roar of laughtor, playing upon She simplioity of a Sootoh Cousin, who had mistaken tho Itev. Sydney Smith for his gallantsynonym, tho hero otAore. Cur- ran, when Master of tho Rolls, eaid to Mr. Grattan. ' Yon would he tho groatest man of your age Grattan if you would buy a fow yards ot rod tape and tie up your bills and papors. This was the fault or mis fortune of Sir Jamos Mackintosh; ho never knew the uoo of rod t-apo, and woo utterly unfit for the common business of life. That a guinea represented a nutnbor of shillings, and that it would barter for a quantity of oloth, ho was wolt awaro ; but tho aoourato numbor of tho baser coin, or tho just measurement of the manufactured articles to which he was onlitled for his gold, ho oould novorloarn, aud it was impossi ble to toaoh him. A Pretty Conceit.— Tako a dried oone or bur of a common laroh or fur troe, whioh lias shed its seed, and sprinkle tho vacant oponings with grass soed. Thou put it oaroftilly into a wineglass half titled with wator. In a (aw days tho moisture will oauso the oirolos to olose, nnd bury within thorn the grass sord, and in n few duys more the seed will begin to Bprout and form a pyramid of living green, beautifully re lieved by tho sombre hue ot the oone. This fonus a ' pretty and novel ornament, 