DOING A POLICEMAN. (From a fast Apprentice.) HAVE I ever told you about my adventure with a policcman? No. Well, in case you might ever be placed in similar circumstances, I'll give it to you:— One day, during the dullest period of the late financial crisis, the master came into the shop, despair on his features, and said : Boys, it's no use! There's no job come in for the last week, and I've got neither money or 'M'ork for you!" 7\. Sad-enough news, wasn't it? You know Dick Forest—lie and I wers the only two to work. Says he to me, " Butts, there ain't no use in •being down in the mouth—I've got a' sov. Come out." We went out, aud dropped into the Golden Horn, tooka couple of comforters, and talked over aflairs very seriously. From talking seriously we got to joking, and when we arrived at this point, we deemed it advisable to take wme more nobblers. We next proceeded o sing, occasionally moistening. By 1 &id; by, Dick's sov. "was all spent." Arm in arm we sallied forth in the j •street, and, to all outward appearances, were the happiest beings in existence. We were full of fun and frolic, and the only- thing that seemed to ease us was upsetting any movables we passed by; sometimes, however f when we pushed them over, we would precipitate ourselves headlong in company. However, this state of bliss was not to last loag, for just as I was assisting to overturn a dust barrel that was rather full, and which wonld, as Dick said, have raised a "pretty dust," up came a "brass-ceat and blue buttons" and collared him. I knew the policeman, and spoke to him. As near as I recollect, I made use of the following words:— "My friend, (hie) leave him alone; (hie) • If you take (hie) I'll inform the Inspector of Police about that 'ere affair of yourn, (hie) sure as death!" I tell you, but those words had a magic effect. He released his hold on Dick's.scruff, turning as pale as a ghost, and taking us both tenderly by the arm, stammered.out: "Don't mention—lose my situation—go home soon as you can— Inspector just passed by—come, I'll take you home!" "What made you think of that I idea ?" here interposed a by-stander. Oh, I didn't know anything to tell of the man any more than you did; but about a week before this I had seen the same transaction performed with success, and vather than pass a night in the lock-up I thought I'd try it on, too. Well, he took us both home to where I lived, and Dick slept with me that night. It was about eight o'clock the next morning Dick aud I were ruminating on our prospects. Both of us out of work, and neither had a penny to bless himself. A rap at the door was heard, and in came the policemau of the previous night. Taking a seat, he said: "My dear friend, for heaven's sake promise me that you will never again mention that a"kir to anybody in this world. You came near getting me into trouble last night. I have a family to support, and if the affair was known, I would now be out of a situation. I had no idea that any one but the parties concerned knew auvtliing about it. Here's five pounds, and I hope I need have no fears of your ever mentioning it again." I promised to keep mum, and he bid me good morning. That five notes came in very handily just then, I teli you, and I don't think the officer need have any doubts about my keeping his secret a mystery, for heaven only knows what it 4 is - I don't. JINKS. 