REVIEW, idylls of the King, ttj Alfred Tennysojj, D.C.Li., Poet Laureate. Moxon & Co. The British pubho have once moro been delighted by fresh poems from the pen of Tennyson, and ore long the whole ArKrlo-SnTon rnnp_ nn fur na rfmv nrizn tVin highest stylo of poetic composition, will have made themselves acquainted with their contents. Tho theme of the ' Idvlls' may be best indi cated by tbeir motto, ' tflos Kegmn Arthurus,' indicating that our Laureate poet has been busying himself still further with that legendary lore from whioh he gave the world his ' Mort d' Arthur' some years ago. Indeed from all we can. gather, and we have not tho volume before us, the ' Iydlls,' so fur as three out of the four poem* designated by that term ara concerned, may be regarded as an addition to, it' not as a completion of, the ' Mort d'Arthur.' The other, which i* the first of the four, entitled the ' Enid,' says the Qqily News, is probably taken from some of the many other legends not in cluded in the prose digest. ' Enid' and ' Elaine,' which is tho third, are muoh longer than tho other two, and have also in thj number and variety of incidents more of epical breadth and fulness about them. Enid is the wife of ' brave Geraint, a knight of Arthur's Court, and tributary Prince of Devon.' He loves hor with a passionate devo tion, and watches over hor with such jealous care, that on tho rumour of the Queen's love for Lancelot he removes her from Court, lest from Enid's great tenderness for Guinevero she should suffer any taint of nature — wherefore going to the Kin;, He mads this pretext, that kis priucedom lav Close oa tbe border* of a territory, Wherein were bandit Earl* and caitiff Knights, Asiauim, and all fl;ers from the band Of Justiue, and whatever loathes a law; And therefore, till the King himself fchould pleut To cleanse thia common sewer of all hU realm. He craved a U\t permission to depart, And there defend his marches; and the Vug Mated for a little on his plea, but lajt, Allowing it, the Prince and gojd fode. And fifty knljhtt rode with tnem, to the aborei Or Severn, and ther put to their own, lanl ; Where, thinking, that if ever jet waa wife True to her lord, mine ihall be so to. m.9. He compaVd her with *w.eet ohsnraaoea And worship, never leaving her, anJ grew Forgetful or b'u promise to the kiag, Forgetful of the falcon and the hunt, Forgetful of the tilt and tournament, Forgetful of his glory and his name. Forgetful of hii princedom and its cares. And this fjrgetlulness was hateful to her. And by and by the people, when they mot In twos or tbreei, or fuller companies. Began to scoff and jeor and b?hp\p 6/ htm As of a prince whose manhood wai all gone, And molten down in raese ojoriougnefa. And tbi* sheff&the;/d from, the people's eyes: This too the women who attired her head, To pjease ljor, dwelling on his boundless love, Told Enid, aud they sadden'd her the more : And day by day she thought to tell Oariint, But could not out of bashful delicacy j While he that watch'd her sadden, w«? the mpre Suspicious that ber nature hid a taint. She laments aloud, one morning, while Jeraint still sJjeepa, over thia oausj of grief; ,nd ho, awaking, hears confusedly her self eproachful fear ttiat she fails in duty as a true vife. In sudden jealousy he falsely suspects ier oi unfaithfulness ; and, to prove both his -wn valour and her fidelity, commands her to let out with him at once, without provisions or attendants, for the wilden\ea3. 'After many perilous adventures, in ono of which he ia iorely wounded, he discovers his error, and re ;urns to a, deeper even than his first love and trust, The main interest of the poem lies in the pioturesque and vivid narrative of these adventures. Sut there is aa episode in the early part which is as exquisite as anything in the poem. It is an account of the chivalrous expedition in which the brave Grenyint first gavr, and wooed, and won his bride. Enid berself recalls it on that gad morning when he bid her aa abruptly ' put 00 her worst and. meanest dress,' and ride forth into the wildernjBSS. with, him. We, can only extract a descriptive passage from this adventure, which arose out of an insult offered by the attendant dwa,rf of a stranger knight to a waiting maiden of the Queen while she watches the hunt on a knoll beside the wood. Prince tyraint was directed by the Queen to follow and find out who the proud unnymrierly knight might be :— Aad Pnnee CUalnt, now UunUnrthat he testd ^9-*Jfthfrtltb*7iaoffUwf«llorD. A little vext at losing of the hunt. A litt'e at the vile occaiion, rode/ ?*.?pi'.nd do'us. through many a grany tladt And valley, with flit eye following tffe threj. At last they issued from the world of wood, And climbed upon a fair and even ridge. And showed themselves against the sky and sank. And thither came Qaralnt, and underneath. Beheld the long street of a little town In a long valley, on one sido of which. White from the mason's hand, a fortress rose ? And on one elde a cattle in decay. ' Beyond a bridge that spanned a dry ravine t And out of town and valley came a nuise Aa of a broad brook o'er a shingly bed Brawling, or like a clamour of tuo rooks Ai distance, ere they settle for the night. The little town is so full of bustle, preparing for a tournament next day, that Geraint can at first obtain no reply to his enquiries about the ?(rangers, or even as to where he may lodge himself, but is at length directed to the ruined castle. Then rode Gcralnt Into the castle court, His charger tiampliugmany a prickly star Ot spromed thistle on the broktn stones. He looked aud saw that all was ruinous. Here stood a shattered archway plumed with fern ; Ana here had fallen a great part of a tower, » ? °Jft llke ? cn* that tumbles from theolUT. t^ w*£ ?** w' *'* wiln ''Mug flowers : Aud h«h above a piece uf turret stair, woru by the feet that now were sileut, wound Bare to the sun. and moustrous ivj.steras Clasptthegray walls wlthhalry-flbred arma. And suck d the joining of the stones, and look*d A i™?1 ^T?*h'of '»kes-alo«, » grove. Aud while he waited in the ensile court. The voice of Enid, Ynlol's daughter, rang Clear thro tbo opening casemeut ot the hall Singing; and as the sweet voioe or ? bird Heard by the Under in a lanely Isle, Moves him to think what kina of bird it Is. That sings so delicately clear, and make Conjecture of the pluraage and the form) 80 the sweet voice of Enid moved Q drain t. And made him like a man abroad at niora When fir« tbe liquid note beloved of mat, Comes fl)ing over many a windy wave To BritaiD, and iu April suddenly Breaks from a coppice gemm'd with green and red, And he suspend* his converse with a friend Or it may be the labour of his hands. To think or say, ' there is tho nightingale ?' So fared It with Qeraiut, who thought and said. ' Here, by God's grace, is tbj oho voioe for me.' One more passage from the later adventures n tho wilderness will be sufficient to illustrate :he finished art, both of narrative and descrip :ion, that characterizes these ' Idylls :'— And in the moment after, wild Llmouis, B -rne on a black horse, like a tbuuder-cloud Whose skirts are loosen'd by the breaking storm, Half ridden off wiUi by the thing he rode, And all in p.a-ioa uttering a dry shriek, Dash d ou Ueralnt. who clo.eJ with him and bora Down by tt.o ,ength of lance aud arm beyond The cruppet, and so led him stu m'd or dead. * ?J,er*hrew the next that follow'd him. And blindly rush'd 0.1 all Hie rout b-hind. But at the flash and motion of 'he nan They vaulsh'd pjiilctricken, like a shoal Of darting Oah, tint on a summer mom Adown tbe crystal d/kes at Cumelot Come slipping o'er t leir shadows on the sand. But if a man who siauds upon the brink But lift a shioing h ind against the sob. Tnero is uot Uft in. 1 twinkle or a fin Betwixt the creasy itlets white iu fl jwer. 81, soared bnt at the motion of the man. P.cd till the boon companions of the KarL And left him lying in the public way j Savanlah friendships only mode in wln». The main features of thesa newpoomsare their Homeric breadth, pioturesquenes*, aud simplicity as wholes, and the exquisite delicacy and finish of the parts. They contain not a trace of that metaphysical subtlety of thought and obscurity of expression which mar some of Tennyson's best poems ; and they are a de lightful contrast to that largo clas9 of reoent poems mainly oocupied with dreary mono logue.*, consuming aolf-introspectiou, and tho morbid analysis of isolated and unhealthy emotions. There is a dewy freshness in tho landscapes, a glow and life aud health in the heroes, a breadth of human intorest, and a con crete reality in tho wholo pioture which makes it as invigorating as it is delightful. Tlw ' Idylls' have the vivid ease and simplicity of Homer with the wild picturciqueness of our own Spcnaer. The prevailing seenory, indeed, in its vast erp&usos; of wood and waste aad water, its grey ojatled heights and green hollows, is thoroughly Hpensermu. But tho narrative i» far moro distinct and simple than in tho ' Faery Queen.' It is not weakened by long descrip tions, nor broken by elaborate pauses of moral reflection. It is, as wo have said, purely Homeric. This is strikingly illustrated in tho exquisitely happy but at tho sanio time sparing use of epithets. Homer rawly usei more than, a single epithet, either simple or compound. ThU is very much tho case iu these poems. And the compound epithets aro often Homorio in form — '? dusky-rafrored many-cobwebbed hall,' ' many- wintered fleeco of throat and chin,' ' russet-bearded head,' shadow-casting men' (opposed to ghosts), ' iale-nurturea eyes,' and tho like. Rarely moro than one or two epithets aro used, uud if more be needed to make the description perfect a similo ia added. The ' Idylls ' ubound with brilliant imagery of tlm kind, often derived from water in motion, either of tho sea or of rapid inland streams. But we cannot pnuso to extract theae gems, and tho readers of tho poems will find them and enjoy thorn for thoin selvei. The ' Idylls of the King' are perfect of their kind, and we can only Hope they aro not tho last we aro destined to receive from Mr. Tenny son. They have the samo virtues, in even a higher degree, which hnvo made tho ' Mork d' Arthur' so well remembered. Wo have hero tho results of tho most careful and loving study of tho old legends touching tbo Bound Table, and the profoundest insight into what is beautiful in nature and nobly Bitnplo ia human life and character, presented in the most perfect forms of art, that art, too, being of the highest order. A Visit to Robinson Crusoe's Island.— While on board tho ship Golden Rockot, lying it Groenioh Dock, wo were permitted by Oap.» tain C. N. Pendleton to examine his log.kook\ in which ho gives an account of his visit to, the Island of Juan Fernandez (Rioblnaori Crusoe's island). The ship wa3 on her last Eussago to this port (rora Boston, and had on oard 55 passengers (25 of whom woro ladies), who intended to make California their futuro place of residence. Getting short of water, Captain Pendleton decided to stop at Juan Fernandez for a further supply, and therefore shaped his course thither— tho island being nearly in his track. At 6 p,m. on tho evening of March 21 they doubled the eastern end of the island, and at 7 rounded to off the Bay of St. Josoph, at tho head of which the few inha bitants now remaining on the island aw located!. The facilities for loading water at the Ul&ndi; Captain Pendleton represents to be not very Sood. Tho casks muat bo taken oa shore and lied, rolled back into the water, and p»r* buckled into the boat. While the craw «er» at this work the passengcra rambled off ia different directions to inalo discoveries. The island is about 25 nqiles long by about four in breadth. The land is very high, rising in rugged precipitous peaks— one of them, c*Uec$ Tunkque, 3,5f»O feet above the level of the. sea. The peaks are generally overhang with, clouds. The yulleys are exceedingly fertile, the grass growing to the height of sit or eight feet. Figs, strawberries, peaches, and cherries abound in tlxeir season. The ooldan Rocket was thero in the season of peaches, awl the valleys and hillsides were full of tree* loaded down with delicious fruit. Captain Pendleton bought four barrels of tha inhabU tants, and tho posseugers about aa many more, Strawberrioa flourish best in December ond. January. There are three remarkable cavea in the side of the hill facing tho harbour, about 30 feet in lenath, 26 feet in width, and idouc tne same in neignt. Tho inhabitant! now number 14, of whom Messrs. Day ax( Kirkaldie.from Valparaiso, aro the chief persons, they having been appointed overseers ky th» Dhilian Government. Formerly a penal colony, numbering 500, was located hare, and tht- 2ave3 abovementioned were used, by them, but the project was found to be impracticable, and tho convicts were taken. b*ck to the mainland D10 Golden Rookot anchored on the opposite. Bide from that upon whioh Selkirk livodVand there being a mountain to cross to reach the Robinson Crusoe abode, no one ventured to, make the journey. The best landing is on tha, eastern side, but the water is. 30, fathoms deep Kb the head of the bay, and in some places so bold is the Bhoro that a boat tied, by her painter and drifting to tlio limits would be in ^ fathoms. An immense- numbor of goats. 8*0. running wild over tho island, and abundance* of fish, axe taken on every coast. Tha water i* obtained, from a number of never,- failing rivulets, trickling down over the rocks from, the cloud-capped mountains. — San Franchca Time*. OrflTEBS in Olix Bosib.— The Roman hdia were so enamoured with oysters, that they were In tha habit of gorging themselves to the toota of their toajrMt. »nd used to apply the feathers of the peaoook to mike themselves disgorge tbe load, that they mltht ajsajn, enjoy the pjeararea of a new feast on the same disb. We find it mentioned in the annals of Bomaji gas-' tronomy, lkat some ol ttw moit noted phlloaskersand orators ooajd consume at a single meal severaloimfiredB Of oysters. Seneca tells as he ate some hundreds of. thern weekly. 'Oyster, doar to gourmand,' says he, 'Which exaltes instead of satiating thaapp3tite, which; never Games Illness, r.ven when oaUn to excels, saeasy; art thoe of digestion.' Sergloa Orarta, according, ta Pliny, was the first to conoeive and. carry into execution the formation of oyster-beds. He made extensive re servoirs at Bale, iu whioh he deposited codatlesa thou sands of these. ah«11-Bsb. A palaoe was reared in tba vicinity, wher,e the naturalist's onosan friends were wont to regale themaelves once a week with these deUclona flit, Many slaves where employed at Bonie^ ia her earij d*yi, tran'portinsr tbe oyster from. Its ocean beds to the imperial city. The expense of this wa* so enoraoas that a Government mandate was Issued, prohibltinc tk* frequent Importation of the shell fish. Pliny tells u tbey were often preserved in Ice XJcu.7 Teabes.— The ugliest of trades haf* their moments of pleasure. Now, if I were a grace dKer, ot eten a haagman, there are some people I ^WMkft/wlth»fmtde»IoIiBjoym»Bl, 