CLERICAL NONCONFORMITY. We have been favored by a friend with a copy of Mr. Binney's "Con scientions Clerical Nonconformity," and now publish it. Our readers must distinctly understand how we look at the matter, guided by Mr. Binney's letter which we gave last Saturday. Mr. Binney, by no act of his own, is brought before the public in connexion with the open ing of the Episcopal pulpits to the ministers of other denominations. This excites, very naturally, the opposition of certain members of the English Church, and they write against it; in doing so, they very fre; ly use language by no means inoffensive, talking of the members of the Congregational Body as in volved in sin and schism, and so on, and distinctly stating that the Church of England brands Mr. Binney as no minister, but " a schismatical layman," and can con sistently regard him as nothing else. Mr. Binney seems to us to say in his letter, "Very well, gen tlemen, be it so. You are right, no doubt, with respect to the spirit and sentiments of your church. But suffer me to explain. Strike but hear. I would willingly belong to you if I could. There are things in your church I like; things which I prefer from principle or taste; but I cannot conscientiously take orders. Impute it not to me as a fault that I refuse. I cannot help it, and I take the consequences. I am willing to be thought " a schismatical layman," rather than to be, as with my views I should be, a dishonest ecclesiastic. Here are my views. I ask you two ques tions. 1. Even supposing these views are wrong, respecting the teaching of the Prayer Book, ought I, with them, to conform? 2. Are they wrong? do I misunderstand the teaching of the church on the points here specified ?" Such ap pears to us the point and aims of Mr. Binney's letter. It is a per= fectly fair appeal, and is called forth by others; it is no voluntary obtrusion of his own. He may be theologically mistaken, but surely he has a right to be regarded as morally honest. CONSCIENTIOUS CLERICAL NONCOMFOR- MITY: a discourse, delivered at Chadwell-street Chapel, Penton ville, on Monday, April 15, 183n on occasion of its re-opening, for the use of Ridley H. Herschell, a con verted Jew: by Thomas BINNEY. I. INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT. Evangelical Nonconformity "is a stand not merely for tile claims of scripture, and the supremacy of Christ-not merely for the liberty o all to consult hiis will, and to follow their convictions, and thus to render to him a reasonable service; but it is a stand for the recognition of all as Christian brethren, ' who hold the head;' it is a stand for mutual indulgence to secondary differences, grounded on agree ment in what is supreme; it is a stand for substantial and visible unity, by being a stand for universal Christian communion -for the unrestricted intercourse of ministers and churches, in spite of the diversity of forms of diclpline."* This is the spirit of Evangelical Dissent. It is equally opposed to imposition and ex clusiveness; to the dictates of power, and the selfishness of party. It is alike Intolerant to the mere human authority, that would either fetter the mind, or limit the affections. It acknowledges Christ as the Lord of both. It receives, as true, what ever He teaches. It loves as brethren all that are like lhim. It bows before him as the "only Potentate." It cannot receive whom he rejects. It dare not disown whom He has received. These, and kindred principles, it has often been my privilege, in common with many of my ministerial brethren, to advo cute and enforce. Acting upon them, some of us are here this day. Tilhe occasion, and the service, are somewhat peculiar. After briefly adverting to one or two circum stances which it would seem necessary to notice, I propose to examine and discuss a subject, which no one, I imagine, will consider inappropriate. The gentleman who in future will occupy this place, and speak unto those that "may resort hither," was by birth a Jew. He was carefully educated in the Jews' religion; his parents and relatives not only being "devout persons," according to the principles of their ancient faith, but some of them of chief account in the Synagogue. When a very young man lte was led to examine the claims of Christianity-or rather, to speak more scripturally, the " God of his fathers," who at "first commanded tile light to shine' in the darkness, shined into his heart,' disturbed its repose, and revealed its cor ruption, and thus led him at once to see his necessities, and to inquire anxionsly how they could be met. He did not find in the surviving fragments of Jewish institutions what satisfied or allayed that hunger of the heart which Divine mercy had excited within him. The desire for pence-pence of conscience-pressed upon and impelled him as with tile force of an appetite. He inwardly longed, though he knew it not, for the blessings typified to "'the church in the wilderness,' by the water from the rock, and the manna from heaven. He was wishing for, and "feel ang after that "better hope," which the tabernacle and the priesthood introduced "in a figure:' In this state of mind he sought, in his ignorance, advice and direction from a dignified Romanist. Tue popish archbishop held out to him the crucifix. His whole soul within him revolted. It was seeking for something congenial with itself; its very essence was stirred; all its affections vere "kindled together;" it was ."thirsting after God " longing "to know where it might find Him, that it might come even to his seat ;" and it was to meet with a "nehushtan"--a piece of brass. *' Dissent not Schism," p, 70, 8t, edition. He narrowly escaped, however, attempts which were subsequently made to detain him. But he did escape, and coming to England, obtained tile friendship of some members of the established church, who placed before him thie simple elements of " the glorious gospel of the blessed God,"-" the cross of Christ"-not the cruciflx;- that " whieh is the power of I God unto salvation to every one that t bellovelh, to the Jew first, and also to the t Greek." In this truth our inquirer dis covered what he needed and sought. Ice soon "stubmitted to the righteousness of t God." IIoe received "tile Apostle and r HIIgh Priest of our profession." lie r imbibed the spirit, and could appeciate tie t language, of one who was also "of the stock of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin, a Hebrew of the Hebrews"--" What t things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ. Yen, doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of o Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, nad do count them but dung that I may win Christ, and be found in him, not having lline own1 righteousness, whlich is of the law, but that which is through tihe faith of Christ, the righteousness whlich is of God by faitl." And to this point, imy bretLren, Jew and I Gsntile must alike come, who are seeking " the rest wherewith God causes his people to rest." At the foot of the cross they can embrace each other, rejoicing in HIIi wnho is the "tauthor" to each of a "commlon salvation." "For Ite is our peace, who Lath made both one, anti ath broken down the middle wall of partition between us; having abholished in his flesh the enmity, even tie law of conmmandments, contained in ordinances; for to make ill himself of twain one new man, so making peace; and that lie might reconcile both unto God, in one body, bp the cross, having slain the enmity thereby ; and came and preached pence to us tlihat were afar off, and to Item that were nigh. For tilroughIlim we both have access by one spirit unto the Father." Professing "repentance towards God, and faith itt thle Lord Jesus Christ," our brother was admitted into the Christian church by the rite of baptism, which ihe received according to tile forms of tihe Episcopal branch of it. Ills first friends were all ministers or members of the establishment. With such lhe formed many and endeared connections. In the midst of themn ie hans spent several years; and is thie course of these years has been much engaged inl conducting tile exercises of domestic worship, in expounding tile scriptures at such services, where " mlnny have often been gathered together," and even isn attending, in a more public manner, to the moral and spiritual wants of a neighborhood. Under all the circumnstances, nothing certainly would have seemed so natural, as tlinhat he should have taken orders in the Nitional Church. To this step lie was repeatedly urged. Ilis immediate friends ittede arrangements for the purpose. Ordination was ready, if Ite would receive it. MIuch lay upon the side of conformity ; much to attract, if not to tempt him. One thing, however, in his case, was not there -"ta good conscience,"-and for the sake of that, lie dissented, and is here. II. INDUCEMENTS TO COxFOnRM TO TIE CIIUsCIs Or INOLANDn. After thtis statement, It cannot, I think, by any one be considered improper to iiveStoesta Lbts h ubiect of Clerical Con formity to the Church of England. MIany ministers, who are said to dissent from it, never were in it, and iftlhey had, some of them at least, would not likely have served at Its altars. They have grown up in their state of separation, and may be suspected, when enumerating tleir grounds of dissent, to be only doing what is very nntural-fortifying the position in which they find themselves, withoutsuspecting that the accident of birth, or the force and concurrence of early circumstances, might have made them as eager on the other side. In all churches there are of very necessity asuch men-men wlho are what they are, not from personal and independent election, not from tlhought, not because they volun tarily decided their position, but because their position decided themt. Mlultitudes of nmen are standing where they do, just and merely because they could not help it; or because considerations decided their I choice, whlic they do not like to remember or admit, or which, it may be, they do not believe. "The heart,' we are often reminded, " is deceitful above all things, ond desperately wicked," and there can be s no doubt, that those who are loudest in n the proclamation of the malady, are often its subjects without being aware of it. It is still true, however, that many, both in I the church and out of it, have fairly r investigated tie ground they occupy occupy alike fromn original connections and are prepared to defend it as sincerely and solidly, as if it had been assumed at I firstfrom conviction. Itisalsotrue,thantsome Churchmen become Dissenters, and some Dissenters become Churchmen; they must be supposed to have examined the matter, and to have acted from reasons which they are ready to avow. Andti it is further true, that some among tihe sects have beenl so placed, as to have had every inducement to take orders--to have haind circumstances and influences operating upon them, urging tihem to enter the ministry of the estabitsh ment ; but who, in spite of them all, Iave been compelled to conclude that they could ,int do it. It is tbis case thit I wish to examinlc I wish to realize the position and the feelings of such a person, and to ascertain, if possible, the why and the wherefore lie could not conform. In doing this, let it be understood that I shall describe only an imlaginary clharaeter; that is, I shall endeavour to associate with a particular individual of evangelical senti ments, every thing I can think of, as likely to induce him to take orders; I shall put these things in the strongest way against this coalescing with Dissenters and Dissent: and I shall then inquire, if, in his case, there be not one other thing, just one, of power enough to compel him to act in an opposite manner to that which he would willingly find reasons to pursue. I do not ktnow that all that Iam going to mention ever met, in their combmed in fluence, on any one mind, and therefore I call tile chlaracter imaginary; but, that each of thie particulars does affect, more or less, separate persons, will be generally admitted, and ltence, it must be remembered what fancy combines, fact furnishels, and, therefore, that the supposed case, in its several parts, is a living reality. Let us suppose, then, in the first place, tiat our anxious inquirer Ihas no objection to thie principle of Establishments. Let us Imagine tlhat Ihe could express himself honesly in such terms as these :-" Every man ought to rise into life with an lmprpcsilon in favor of all the institutions of that nation into which he Is born; attach- ment to them should be of the nature of a prejudice; he should take for granted their perfect propriety, until he discovers what forces him to doubt it. I am no English man, and as such, have imbibed from my birth a respect and reverence for the institutions of my country. They embody the wisdom of past ages. They have received the sanction of successive genra tions. Genius and Virtue have alike and often spoken In their praise. I amt not forbidden to investigate their claims, nor to admit the possibility of lofty Intellects and holy men having consecrated an error; and misled by the prejudices or blinded by the ignorance of their times, being seduced into the admiration of political blunders, and ecclesiastical mistakes still, I do feel that it is not becoming hastily to conclude that this has been the case. Modesty certainly would seem to forbid it. I am bound, I think, as a Christian English man, as my first duty, to be a member of the Established Church, unless there be weighty reasons against it- reasons that would render dissent a duty, and con formity a sin. In the mere principle of an Establishment I see no such reasons. Such an institution having been conitinon to hnlmostll nations, would seem to have in it something congenial to the elements of our nature--to tile reason and the judg ment, the wants and the sympathies, of social man. Such an institution having been sanctioned by God, it would seem to be impossible that, abstractedly considered, its priciplde can have anytthing of evil in It self ; tnd, as tile maintenance of an Establishtnmnt is tile only way by which a nntiol, as such, can unequivocnlly express its reverence for religion-and as it would seeml admirably adapted for preserving the unity and unifornity of the churclh, if so constituted as to be sufficiently comprehen sive and catholic--I do not see that the principle of the institution should prevent my ndhternce;-- r(ther feelit to attract than repel." Int the second place, let us imagine that the individual before us is alive and awake to all the secondary, secular advantages of adherence to the Establishment, and especially to those whlich attach to clergy rlen. ''lhe Chlurclh," he may say, "as a national institutlon, llns Its national endow ments. Its ministers are a recognised body in the state. They acquire by their otlice an admitted and respectable standing in society. Some of them are on a level with nobles and princes. Many are them selves persons of distinction. All are admissible into anly circle, and are qualified for this, or in general are qualified, by the education they receive and the habits they cuhtivate. Wh by should I renounce what all thits involves ? When I ascend the sum. mit of one of our cathedrals, and survey its vast and valuable domain-this, I reflect, and all similar property, belongs to the public of which I am part; it belongs to it as a means to be em ployed to its advantage; it belongs fior positive and pecuniary benefit, to that class wiich is devoted to the securing for it the advantaoge in question. Ofthat class I may be one. flint class my children may enter. Doing so, I, or they, may honor ably possess, for our natural lives, a por tion of that which, as belonging to the public, is already our patrimony. We may rise to the level of those favorites of for tune, who are separated front the masses of commnon humanity by the circumstances of birth: distinctions drawn by the very hand of nature may be arnihilated or passed ;--or if not (for such superiority can fall to few), lesser dignities, and more limited portions of the general stock of property and rank, may become ours; they are open to competition ; they may be won by us as well as by others, and may be as honorably attained as they may be openly enjoyed. Or if this, even, should not be-still, last, and lowest in the scale, simply as a clergyman, I shall possess a certain status in society. I shall have access to circles, from which as a Dis senter I should be for ever excluded. I shall mingle naturally with the aristocratic and the educated-the classes and the cla racters who are distinguished by habits of cultivation and refinement. Mlembers of the other recognised professions will recog Siso me; and, in that which will be my own, I shall meet with many illustrious by talents, eminent for virtue, of varied In formation, of solid learning, of high cou nections, of opulent fortune. I shall move t among the people clothed with a recog nised legal authority ; I may visit in my ofilcial or professional character; but I shall neither be supposed nor expected to be familiar with the vulgar and the illite rate, the low and theo ill-bred; nor shall I be confined for friends and associates to respectable shop-keepers, second-class mer elthants, or to a body of ministers-pious, excellent, wortlhy on the whole, but in cluding many, who never have been, and never can be companions for gentlemen. Why should I sacrifice advantages like these P I see their force; I feel their attraction ; I cannot but be alive and awake to their importance. If this be wrong, I am wrong, I fear, in commnon with all the world-wrong with many in the sects themselves who are eloquent and in. dignant at secular inducements having any influence in the sacred profession. Even in an Establishment, when plain and poor, the ministry is contemptible ; none of tie higher classes, and few of those born to riches and refinement, dream of adopting it. And as to the sects, the families whose circumstances confer upon their children education and wealth, seldom, if ever, furnish a minister-so that, while they avoid the ministry because it presents to them no secular inducements, they aban don it to a class to whom it does I Why should I be ashamed of what everybody feels?" Int the third place, let us suppose that thie individual in question has not only no objection to Episcopacy, to uniform rites, clerical habits, and liturgical forms, but that tie positively prefers them all-prefers them frIom reason, fiom uassociation, and from taste. Let us imtagine that he con siders Episcopal Government as not only the nratural result of thie common sense principle ot subordination and superin tetdency, which reason requires for the combinhed and harmonious actior of num bers, but thlat it hlas for its essence, if not for its modern accidenlts and attributes, the presumed sanction of Apostolic appoint ment, and thie admitted practice of tihe primitive churcl. Let ns eupposo that he thinko the princilde of tihe systen, simply considered as such, receives the homage of Presbyteries and Confarcoces, of Doards and Unions, and Iltissionary Societies. Let us suppose, that ihe sees nothing in gowns antd scarfs but tile becoming sym. I bols of academic honor-notlhie in the surplice--nothing in thle varied robes of dignified priests and mnitred prelates--in rpurple, 8sarlot, Iinen, and Inwn--mnoting but what Is decent antd dcorous, nppro prito to the sober and subdtted splendor of a Protestant Church, and at least not Inconsistent with the simplieity of Christ. Lot us suppose, that with tie perfect con sciousness of possessing the ability for extemporary tevotion, and with the calhn hope that Ihe could conduct it hinself it sincerity and faith, Ihe yet shrinks from tile awful and perilous thing - from nl engagement whichl ho conceives to be difficult and oppres sive, just in proportion as the mind is awake to what is to be done, and the heart fitted for doing it aright. Let is suppose, tlhat with such feelings, and as a really spiritual and devout man, ihe finds a rest and a refige for his soul as a worshipper, I in the eiiipoy lent in public of liturgical t forms. And let is still furthler imagine i here, that his tastes and preferences are Inostly met tby the prayers and collects of the Established Church; that their lan guage, at once simple and dignified-in general calm, but at times rising into the earnest and impassioned ;-their brevity, I as separate exercises of devotion--their t variety and comprehensiveness, considered as a whole ;-their allotment to the people of much that is vocal and active in the service: let us suppose, that all this draws and attracts him towards the Establish- ment. Nor let him be insensible to the thrilling thought, that, in her worship, his lips utter the identical supplications, breathe his wants in the very words, glorify God in the same high and hallowed hymns that were heard in the services of the ancient church, 'or have swelled for centuries in the sacred edifices where they echo still. Nor let him be Indifferent to the architecture and accidents of these edifices themselves; let habits and asso ciations sanctify, as It were, their arches and pillars, their religious light, their grave aspect. Let him have learnt to admire thie massiveness of some, of some tihe simplicity, of others the richness, of all the effect. Let him approve also anud enijoy the artificial accomnpaniment to the human voice, which peals fromn the noblest of all instruments, filling the temple with the tide of sound, and filling the heart with the tide of emotion. Let all this, and all that is of a kind with this, be supposed and admitted; let the individual in ques tion be so deeply affected by, and so feel ingly alive to it, as almost to imagine that to divest Religion and religious worship of such accessories, would be like stripping Nature of her robes and coronet-of theo colors of earth, and the stars of heaven. Int the last place, let us suppose that the person we describe has no repugnance to the mere circumstance of subscription to a creed: that the principle of requiring a solemn, deliberate, public pledge of their adherence to "a fornl of sound words," from thle candidates for office in a particular church, has his outire concurrenuce; and that hence, he has, and can have, no quar rel with the Establishment, on the ground, abstractedly, of its requiring his assent to articles of faith of human composition. On this matter, let us imagine that he might be tempted to express himself with freedom and warmth, and towards some individuals in ridicule or resentment. "I hold very cheap," we will suppose him to say, "I hold very cheap agreat deal of the modern eloquent declamation upon this subject. 'The Bible and the Bible only,' whatever may be pretended, is not the religion of Protestants ins fact; it is not the religion of either Cllurchmen or Sectaries, or at least of tihe Church or the Sects as such. Each, swhatever it may any, puvidcs for the pre servation, propagation, and delbuce, not of the Bible, but of its own view of it. It is for this that it builds its edifices, admits its ministers, and devotes its property; and not for the purpose of simply ecting, or of continuing to act, on the 'exclusive authority of HIoly Scripture,'-' the right and duty of private judgtment,'-' the privilege and obligation of a Church of Christ, independently and always, to con suit nothing but the Lord's will.' They compel .hemselves, and they do their best to compel others, to consult something else. The very Sects-advocate, as they may, 'liberty of conscience,' 'freedom from restraint in religions things,' 'security from imposition of creeds and catechisms,'-as soon as ever they realise tangible property, they immediately betray, by their trust deeds, that they do not mean, either that their successors shall go further than they, or that they in future shall surpass them solves. They bind themselves by a penalty to inquire no more. They legally unite and attach together, certain property and certain opinions; they make the qualification for holding the one, the profession of parties that they hold the other: and they constitute the secular tribunals of the nation, the protectors and guardians of the true faith. If I enter the Church, I must profess a creed, and myself and my people can never depart from it, except at tihe ex peniso of our building and endowments, and the loss of caste iu that particular commu nity; and if I enter a sect, the principle is the same, though the things in jeopardy are of less value. The Bible only, is not trusted. Go where I mtony, I shall find myself in precisely the same circumstances. The little church, Independent or Baptist, in the village conventicle, can no more alter its creed and heep its posseioues, without the sanction of an Act of Parlia ment, than can that Church, whose highest ministers mingle and act in Parliament itself. Each alike does it at its peril. 1 do not object to this. Inconsistent as it may be with the professed principles of certain in dividuals of both parties, it is not so with mine. I consider the Church to be the keeper of the Scriptures, and the Living Witness of what they contain. She is bound to exact from her ministers and adherents the full recognition of Gospel truth, of so much at least as is essential and saving ; and every church, however mean, ignorant, or obscure, acts for itself upon this principle. On the right and on the left, I shall be required to recognise it. I am willing to do so. I cannot but feel, however, that I would rather, if I could, do so in connection with an august body, that has something about it to inspire re spect, something even to produce awe-a fair right, if any Protestant community has a right, to claim, as a body, a real con nection with apostolic times, and a direct descent from apostolic men--I would rather recognise the truths of the Gospel on my admission to orders in such a church, than in taking my ministerial standing in a sect whose credenda as to truth may be as ' weighty,' but whose ' bodily presence' in comparison is 'contemptible.'" Time, I find, would fail me to introduce everything I once intended, to exhibit tlhe variety and strength of inducement which may attract an individual torwards the Establishment. Enough, however, has probably been said to make it obvious that what would keep out of it such a person as has hitherto been described, must be something of extraordinary power of resist ance. It.will be our next business to dis cover, if possible, this something. I. THE TERMS OF CONFORMITY. If so many of the Dissenting reasons for Nonconformity are unfelt by onr supposed type of clerical soliitude, his Nonconfor tnity, if ie ultinmately declares for it, must be forced upon him from other points. As lie is not repelled by the more act of Con fiormity, we must examlnoe if there be any thing to repel him in the terms. What ever may be the terms of lay- churclmnan ship-wlhether, in practice, there be any or noee-tlhe terms of ministerial conformity are known, and a solemn profession of thoir acceptance exacted.: 1e shall proceed to slhow what thiese terms are, and consider briefly what tlhey involve. Every individual who takes orders in the Established Churchl, or who, as a clergy main, enters, at any time, on a benefice, is required to sign the three articles of the thirty-sixth canon; that entire canon is as follows: "No person shall hereafter be received into the ministry, nor either by institution or collation admitted to an Ecclesiastical Living, nor suffered to preach, to catechise, or to be a Lecturer or Neader of Divinity in either University, or in any Cathedral or Collegiate Churelh, City, or Market-town, Parish-church, Chapel, or in any other place within this realm, except he be licensed either by the Archbislhop, or by the Bishop of tihe diocese, where hI is to be placed, under their hands and seals, or by one of tihe two Universities, tiunder their seal likewise i and except he shall first subscribe to those three Articles following, in such manner and sort as we Itave Iere appointed. "I. That the King's tlajesty under God is the only supreme Governor of tits realm, and of all other His llighnsses dominions and countries, as well n all Spiritual or Ecclos instical things or causes, as Temporal, and that no foreign prince, person, prelate, state or potentateo bth, or ought to have, anlly juris diction, power. superiority, pre.emintonco, or naltority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, wilith his Majesty's said realms, dominions, and countlies. "II. That the Book of Common Prayer, and of ordering of lBishops, Priests, and Don cons, contanineth in it nothing contrary to the Word of God, and tha t it may lawfully so be used ; and that he himself will use the form in the said book prescribed, in public prayer, and in administration of the sacraments, and none other. " IlI. That he alloweth tie Book of Articles of lReligion agreed upon by the Archbishops and Bishops of both provinces, and the whlole clergy in the Convocation holden at London in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred sixty and two ; and thnt he acknow ledgeth all and every the articles therein con tained, being in number nine and thirty, be sides the ratification, to be agreeable to the word of God. "To these three articles whosoever shall subscribe, ihe shall, for the avoiding of all m bignities, subscribe in this order and form of words, setting down both his christian nod surname, viz., I, N. N. do willingly and ex animo subscribe to these e three articles above mentlioned, and to all things that are contained in them. And if any Bishop shall ordain, ad mit, or license any, as is aforesaid, except he first have subscribed in manner and form as here we have appointed, lie shall be suspended from giving of orders and licenses to preach, for the space of twelve months. lint if either of the universities shall offend therein, we leave them to tihe danger of the law and his lnajesty's censure." Upon tlis we remark, that tihe pro scribed and enforced form of subscription is, you will observe, singularly distinct, unequivocal, and solemn. One "order and form of words" are to be used by the subscriber, and no other, lie is to set down at length his christian and surname, and to declare that willingly, and ex animo -that is, sincerely--wit'i l lis heart- fromn his very soul--" le subscribes to the three Articles of the Canon, and to all things that are contained i ithemn." And it is further to be observed, that this pre ciso form is so scrupulously exacted, for tihe very purpose, it is said, of "avoiding all ambiguities." As the subscril.tion is that of a miniter of religion, in the act of qualifying for his sacred duties, imtposed upon him by spiritual authority, with a view to the preservation of the Churclh of God froml erroneous doctrine-wo may fairly consider tihe entire procedure as partaking of the nature of a religious solemnity, and the language as equivalent to the apostolical ppeali, " I call God for a record upon my soul." Among the things subscribed in these articles are the three ibllowing :-That the king is supreme in spiritual or eccles ianstical thllings:--''liat notlling-no one thing in the aook of Commnon Prayer, and of ordering (that is of ordaining) Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, is contrary to the word of God ;-and that all and every of the tlirty-ninelo articles are agreeable to the word of God. 'The mannler ill which these articles are enforced by the person recognlsed in the canon as the supreme governor of the Church ; and the way in which he wills them to be interpreted, may be seen by the following "declaration," by which they are preceded, when received, as it were, by thile clerical subscriber, from the royal hand. " Being by God's ordinance, according to Oar just Title, Defcnder of the Fuaith. and Supreme Governor !'e the Church within these our Dominions, Woe old it-most agreeable to this Our Kingly Office, and Our own religions zeal, to conserve anld maintain the Church committed to Our charge, in unity of true re ligion, and in tihe bond of pence i and not to suffer unnecessary disputations, altercations, or questions to be raised, wlhich may nourish faction both in the Church and Common wealth. We Ilave therefore, upon mature de liberation, end with tiel advice of so nmany of our bishops nas might conveniently he called together, thought fit to make this declaration following : "'Ihat the Articles of the Church of Eng. land (which have been allowed and authorised hleretolore, and which Our Clergy generally have subscribed unfo) do contail time true doc trine of timhe Chlurch of Englandl agreeable to God's Word i whvichl we ido thcrfore ratify anld confirm, requiring all our loving slbjccls to eontiloue in tbe uniform profession thereof, raal ..rohibiting tie leasto difference from the ntild Alrlicles; which to that end we commandnnnl to he inew prilntled, anld this our Declaration to he publlislhed Itherewith. "Tlhant we are Supreme Governour of the Chlurlch of England: nndt that if any dilffer ence arise about tie external policy, concern ing the Injunctions. Cnnons, nnd othler Consti ttions wnltsoever tecreto belonging, tihe Clergy in their Convoeation is to order and settle them, lnaving first obilnined leave undler our broad seal so to do i nutd We ipproving their said Ordllnances and Constitutions ; pro-. vidital that aonu bomade contrary to the Lans and Customs of thle Land. "Tflat out of Our princely carn tliat tllo Chotrchmcn may do the work wnhicl is proper unto tliem, the Bishops endl Clergy, from time to time in Convocationa, upon their humble deslro, shall have Licdeoo under Our broad seal to deliborate of, and to do all such things ad, bolng mad plain by them, and assented unto by Us, shall concern the settled continu ncoe of the doctrino and discipline of the Church of England, now established t from which lWe will not endure any varyin? or de parting in the least deyree. "T'hat for thl present, though some dlffer. 0nces havo boon IIll raised, yet We take com. fort in this, that all Clergyman within Our realm havo always most willingly sabscribed to the Articles establlshed ; which is ass argu ment to Us that they all agree In the true, usual, literal meaning of the said Articles s and that oven in those curious points, in which the present differences lie, men of all sorts take the Articles of the Church of England to be for them s which is an argument again that none of them intend any desertion of. the Ar ticles established. 'sThat therefore in these botl curious and unhappy differences, which have for so many hundred years, in different times and places, exercised the Church of Christ, Weo will, that all further curious search ble laid aside, and these disputes shut up' in God's promises, as they be geneorally sot forth to us In the Holy Scrlpturos, and tle gonoral meaning of thC Articles of the OlChurch of Elgland according to them. And that no sman hereafler shal either print, or preach, to draws t1 Article aside ansy way, but shall submit to it in the plain and full meanin, thereof; and shall not put his own sense or comment to be the meaning of the Article, but shall take it in the literal and rammsatlcsl sentse." "Tiat If any publclk Reader in elthor of our Universities, or any Head or Master of a College, or any other person respectively in either of them, shall affix any now seneo to any Article, or shall publlekly read, determine, or hold any public disputation, or suller any iuch to be hold olther way, in either the Universities or Colleges rehpoetlvoly ; or if any Divine in the Universities shall preach or print any thing either way, other lthn is. lready established in Convocation with Our royal assent; lie, or they the Offenders,; shall bo liable to Our displeasure, and the Church's censure in Oar commission ESdesiastical, as well as any other : And We will sea there shall be due execution upon them." I quote this entire, for though printed in the Prayer Book, it is seldom road; and it ought to be read in order to understand what clergymens subscribe to ht admitting the king's spiritual supremacy. To us, and others who have not subscribed to any such thing, the whole of the above is simply ridiculous. To a clergyman, how ever, it is another matter. I-lo has dis tinctly and solemnly, and in the presence of God, recognised the right of the king's smajesty to speak to him thaus He has no alternative but to liston and obey. The only tlhing, however, that we wish to re mark is the document is this, that it strictly enjoins the following manner of interpreting the Articles:-" No man here after shall either print or preach, to draw the Article aside any way, but shall sub mit to it In the plain and full meaning thereof; and shall not put his owvn sense or conmment to be the meaning of the Article, but shall take it in the literal and grammatical sense." The Articles, then, admitted in the act of subscription to be all true, are hero ex plained to be admitted as true, in their "plains, literal, and grammatical sense." In a similar manner, the same authority sub mitted to as supreme by the clerical sub scriber, enjoins on him the reception of all the catnons. The following are his words printed at the end of them. We may lust intimate that they amount in all to One Hundred and Forty-one: "We of our princely inclination and royal care for the maintenance of the present state and government of the Church of England, by the lawns of this our ?calam now settled and established, having diligently, with gent contentment and comfort, read and considered these their said Canons, Orders, Ordinances, and Constitutions, agreed upon, as is before expressed ; and finding the same such as we are persuaded will be very profitable, not only to our Clergy, but to the whole Church of this our Kingdom, and to all the true members of it, if they be well observed ; hlave therefore for us, our Heirs, and lawful Suc cessors, of our especial grace, certain know ledge, and more motion, given, and by these presents do give our royal assent, according to the form of the said Statue or Act oflar liament aforesaid, to all and every of the said Canons, Orders, Ordinances, and Con stitutions, and to all and everything con-. tainced, as they are before written. " And furthermore, we do not only by our said Prerogative Royal, and supreme Authority in Causes Ecclesianstleal, ratify, confirn, and establish, by these our Letters Patent, the said Canons. Orders, Ordinances, and Constitutions, and s ll and everything in themecontained, as is aforesaid ; but do like wise propound, publislh,naud straltway enjoin and command by our said authority, and by these our Letters patent, tshe same to be dili gently observed, executed and equally kept by all our loving Subjects, of this our King dom, both witlin the provinces of Canterbury and York, in all points wherein they do or may concern every or any of them, according to this our wrill and pleasure hereby sigoiled and expressed; and that likewise, for the better observation of them, every minister, by what name or title soover ihe be called, shall in the Plarish- church or Clapel, whlere he hatlh charge, read all the said Canons, Orders, Ordinances. and Constitutions, once every year, upon some Sundays or Holy- days, in the Afternoon, before Divine Service, dividing the same in such sort, as that the one half may be read one day, and the other another day ; the book of the said Canons to be porvided at the charge of the Parislh, betwixt this antd tihe eoast of tle Nativity of our Lord God next ensuing ; straitly charging and commanding all Archbishopls, Bishops, and all other that exercise any, Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction withild this Realm, every maan in Iris place, to see, and to procuro (so musel as in then liethl) all- and every of the same Causns, Orders, Ordinances, and Constitutions, to be in all points duly observed ; not sparing to execute the penalties in them seves rally mentionled, upon any that shall wittingly or wilfully break or neglect to observe tihe same, as they tender thie honor of God, the peace of the Church, the tranquility of the Kingdom, and their duties and'service to us their King and Sovereign." It would thus seem that the terms and conditions of clerical conformity in the Church of England are these :--asnar, the admission of the Canons, as containing the law of Ecclesiastical obedience, as ex pressive, moreover, of certain points of Ecclesiastical opinion, and illustrative of the spirit of the Church as a Church. SECOND, the admission of the Articles, every one of them, in their " grammatical sense," as being "agreeable to to the word of God,'" and constituting the standard of religious belief. THIRD, the admission, of the.Prayer Book, every part of it, its liturgy and offices; and the admission of the several firms of ordination and consecration, as containing in them "nothing contrary to the word of God," and accepted as the exclusive rule for the performance of all public, clerical duty. If I have misinterpreted the terms of conformity (and if have, I have done it by mistake, it has not been an intentional misrepresentation,)-lf I have not misin terpreted tho terms of conformity, I frankly confess, that they appear to me perfectly terrible. Time would fail me to illustrate their character at length. It is not my purpose to attempt this. I intend to pass over a multitude of things, which might fairly be specified, and to fix attention the attention of the serious, the evangelical, and the conscientious—on only three or four at the most. In passing, however, permit me to remark, it is taught by some, that the terms include what is self contradictory, and involve particulars, the whole of which, no individual, nor class of individuals, in the clerical body, either do or can believe. All in the Prayer Book. all in the Articles-all in the Canons-are implicitly recolved, if our interpretation be right. Now, the Articles involve the ap. probation of the Homilies, and sanction the public reading of the Apocrypha. But the Homilies stig matize Rome as Antichrist, as a "withered, old, filthy, harlot:" while many clergy. men admire it as a true and Apostolic Church, and lament that it will not recog. nise theirs ! The Apocrypha, again, is by others regarded as replete with imposture, absurdity, and lies; but they subscribe to its being read-I quote the words--" for example of life, and instruction of man ners !" One article, according to the "plain, grammatical sense," asserts that Christ descended to Hell; another states that birth-sin, or what every child brings with him into the world, deserves, in the child, "God's wrath and damnation." I inquire not at present whether these things are true, but it is true, that there are many of the clergy that believe neither,-believe, that is, in the "plain, grammatical sense of the words." As to election, the Cal- vinistice, the Arminian, or the Primitive idea, can none of them, as it seems to me, be consistently held in connection with all that the subscriber admits. The Calvinist surely has the seventeenth article, but the "offices" continually subvert his creed. The Arminian may rejoice in the tenor of the Prayer Book, but the seventeenth article confutes him. The man who be lieves differently from both, may cherish the term as it occurs in the 'catechism, but he will find it difficult to make every thing elso harmonize with that. If subscription be attempted to be got rid of altogether, as if it bound to nothing but the Bible, be cause one of the articles recognises the Scriptures, and thus limits the authority of the Church, admitting plainly that it has no power to enforce what cannot bhe proved by them-this will stand the parties in no stead, for theyhavo solemnly signed their names to the declaration that all that the Church enforces is scriptural. It is not, however, my Intention to rest any thing on the foregoing matters; and hence, if none of them strike you as very forcible, you are welcome to suffer them to go for nothing. I introduce again our clerical Inquirer, and request you to notice tile points which particularly affect his mind. We must remind you, that we conceive of him as a pious, Evangelical Christian; catholic in spirit; loving who- soeovr loves Christ; regarding the cross as " God's great ordinance for saving the world;" expecting nothing but from the Atoning Sacrifice and the Sanctifying Spirit; confiding in the divine virtue of the first, whoever exhibits it; and be lieving that by the second, through the word of truth, men are born again. Wa conceive of him, moreobver, as a plain Protestant, rejecting alike sacerdotal pre. tensions, and the supposed power, whether magie or mechanism, asserted by some to reside in the sacraments. This man we bring before you, as anxious, if possible,to take orders; as attached to the ministry in the Established Church, by his wishes and tastes, his' habits and predilections ; and as urged to conformity by influences from others, the persuasion of friends, and the promise of preferment; and we ask, if there be any thing that offers resistance to this pressure alike from without and from within ? We shall see. 1V. IWHAT Tie TEnMSl OP CONFORMITT SEFt TO INVOLVB. In order to see It, we proceed to saup pose, that our inquirer sets himself to study the entire whole of what he will be required to assent to and believe, to say, and do:-the Articles and Liturgy, the Clerical Offices, the Books of Ordination, Ilotmilies, Canons, Apocrypha, and all. He reads, digests, selects, compares; con fused at first by the multiplicity of mat ters-the mysterious, the questionable, the opposite, the obscure--he presses on, and still presses, attempting to arrange the Im monse mass into something liko shape, consistency, order. Wearied and ex hausted by the prolonged effort, lie at last fixes on the following points, and interro gates his conscience on the proprietyof ad mitting them. The inluiry concentrates on these specific particulars, and the questions are virtually reduced to one. leo Ihas simply to ask himself, as a plain, honest, truth-loving man, whether he can, with a good conscience, act towards tmenas le will have to act, and say to God what is appointed him to say P We suppose him in the first place to open the "Constitutions and Canons Ec closiastical," and to take from the second to the twelfth inclasive, and to piace them beneath his eye, as we do bore, nod to "read, mark, learn, digest them." "Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, That Clie King's Majesty loath not the same ns tlhirity in Causes Ecclesiastical, Clint the godly Kings had amongst the Jews and Christian Emperors of the primitive Churchi or impeach any part of his regal supremacy in the said causes restored to the Crowa, and by the laws of this realm therein estab lished ; lot him be ;excommunicated ipje facto, and not restored, but only by the Arcelbishop, after his repentance, and public revoeation of those his wioked errors." " Whosoever shall hereafter aflirm, That the Church of England by law established under the IKing's Majesty, is not a true and Apostolical Churel, teaching and maintalin ing tie doctrine of tie Apostles I let him he excommunleated ipsofacto, and not restored, but only by the Archbishop, after ids repen~ tance, and publio revocation of this his wicked error.' "Whosoever shall hereafter anllrm, ThLat thle form of Qod's worship in the Church of England, establislhed by law, and containcd in tile Book of Common Prayer and Ad'. mitistration of the Sacraments, is a corrtupit, superstitious, or unlawful worship of Od,. or contaitethanytlhing in it that ia tepug' nant to tihe Scriptures ; let him bo excoem' municatcd ipso facto, and not restored, but by the Bishop of tie placo, or Archbbishoip., after his repentance, and public reoacati?n of suehl his wicked errors." " Wlosoover shall heroneafter t?ro, Tmhat any of tiie nine and thirty Articles, agrcel upon by tite Archbishops and Bishops of both provinces, aid thle whole Clergy in a Convoeation hIolden at London, in thie year of our Lord God one thousand ithv hundrol slxty-two, for avoiding dtvegreities 9 otinion and t?t the establishing of consent touching hI true Rteligiot, are in any part superstitious ar or crroncots, or such as heo may not witht a good cotecience subscribe unto I let himn be w excommullicatcd ipso facto, and not restored. but only by the Archbishop, after Iis repen- ta tance, and public rovocation of such his wicked errors." ut "Wlhosoover shall hereafter affirm, That lit the Rites and Ccremonies of tlhe Church of 1England by law establlshed are wicked, pa nntichristtan, or superstitious, or such as wl being comnanded by lawful authority, men, hi who are zealously and godly affected, may ao not with any good conscience approve tlhem, a use them, or, as occasion requiroth, subscribe of unto them i let him be excommunicated ipso 1 fIcto, and not restored until he repent, and publicly revoke such his wicked errors." "Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, That no the government of the Church of England to under his Majesty by Archbishops, Bishops, lu Deans, Archdeacons, and the rest that bear lit office in the same, is antichristian, and re- wi pugnant to the Word of God ; let him be an excommunicated ipso facto, and so continue to until he repent, and publicly revoke such do his wicked errors." a "Whosover shall hereafter affirm or teach, m Thsat the form and manner of making and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, t containeth anything in it that is repugnant Iet to the Word of God, or that they who are do made Bishops, Priests, or Deacons, in that vs form, are not lawfully made, nor ought to be inj accounted, either by themselves or others, no to be truly either Bishops, Priests, or Dea- set cons, until they have some other calling to pr those divine offices; let him be excommu- a nicated iprofacto, not to be restored untili he iti repent, and publicly revoke such his wicked thu errors." "Whosocvershall hereafter separate them- in selves from the Communion of Saints, as it ist is approved by the Apostles' Rules, in te the Church of England, and combine themselves of together in a new brotherhood, accounting it; the Christians, who are conformable to the in doctrine, government, rites and ceremonies abs of the Church of England, to be profane, and an unmeet for them to join with in Christian profession: let tihem be excommunicated sso facto, and not restored but by the Arch- for lishop, after their repentance, and public revocation of such their wicked errors." "Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, That Go such ministers as refuse to subscribe to the ful form and manner of God's worship in the wh Church of Englapd, prescribed in the Com- wi munion Book, and their adherents, may thi truly take unto them the name of another tic Church not established by law, and dare fac to presume to publish it. That this their pretended Church Ihath of long time groaned under the burden of certain grievances Im posed upon it, and upon the members 1o thereof before mentioned, by the Church of coI England, and the Orders and Constitutions, no0 therein by law established, let them be cle excommunicated,and not restored until they is repent, and publicly revoke such their pet wicked errors. act '" Whosoever shall hereafter affirm or pre maintain, That there are within this realm Ott other meetings, assemblies, or congregations bol of the King's born subjects, tian such as by the the laws of this land are held and allowed, which may rightly challenge to themselves the name of true and lawful Churches i let be him be excommunicated, and not restored, but by the Archbishop, after his repentance, tat and public revocation of such his wicked cot errors." poi "Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, That Pe0 it is lawful for any sort of Ministers or Lay- ati persons, or of iotherof them, to join together, mil and make rules, orders, or constitutions, in Causes Ecclesiastical, without the King's 10 authority, and shall submit themselves to rec be ruled and governed by them ; let them be act excommunicated ipso facto, and not be res- of tored until they repent, and publicly revoke o those their wicLked and Anabaptlstical pas errors." In Perusing and re-perusing the above of Canons, we suppose our inquirer to be ref shocked and staggoesd by their sweeping ad anathemas. One after another utters its pr report, frightening with its thunder the o charitable affections. Loaded as they are til with " excommunications," they seem in- till tended to inflict capital punishment-for the excommunication is the highest form in on which the spiritual displeasure of the dr church can be expressed. WVho then are to the delinquents at whom the terrible con- an tents of these pieces are discharged? Who mt are the persons whose exposure to such punt sil ishment our inquirer, if he subscribe, must thi in theory approve ? These delinquents, it th would appear, are just all the inhabitants of be the entire realm, except those who are pre- th pared to approve every Jot and tittle of the he eoglish Establishment I-If any part of tie the king's supremacy is impeached;-If of any thing in tihe Prayer Book is by any we affirmed to be repugnant to the Scriptures; ba -if any of the Articles is in any part said ca to be "erroneous ;"-if the church is denied on to be true and apostolical ;-if Episcopacy of or Prelacy be represented as repugnant to is the word of God;-if any Individuals say w that they belong to other churches i a whether these churches are ancient or te modern; whether they be that from sy which the English reformed, or those cc which profess to have reformed from it:- as In all these cases, criminality is assumed p and punishment provided; for every of- ti fender there is the same, or nearly the n same, sentence-a sentence direct, brief, re bloody-" cut him asunder." I speak in a si figure. The sword of the spirit- a thing n never to be trifled with, never to be flou- i rished in bravado or sport--the sword of I the spirit is drawn from the scabbard: it a glitters under the frowns and flashes of ii the countenance, the angry countenance, b of Holy Church; and falls (or threatens i it) on tihe hapless denier of any of her e claims-the adherents of her own ancient I faith-or the consistent advocates of an r appeal to Scripture-a principle she pro- t fesses to have taught them herself. If c these Canons are right, it is not only true, as we are taught from Oxford, and con- t sistently taught, that the Episcopal body t is the "only body in this realm tlat is a church"; that the Church of Scotland, t and other Presbyterians, and all tihe sects, I are not Churches, their ministers not ministers, their sacraments not pacraments; -but it is also true, which Oxford, I be lieve, teaches not, that tile Romanist com ;runity is alike destitute of any just claims to the honors of churchhood. Without stopping to explore at present " the searchings of heart" which this dirst prospect produces on our inquirer, cwe suppose him to advance, and we ad vance with hIim, and observe him as ihe turns his eye upon another. Having seen something of the exctlusive spirit of the church as a cwhole, we now imagine him to contract his survey, and to limit his atten tion to the oficial claimns and character of the clergy. If he subscribes, Iohe is to ac knowledge as scriptural "everythlng In the Book of Common Prayer, and of order iug of Bishops, Priests and Deacons." On examining tIhese, in relation to the one thisng now before us, he finds he is to be made and constituted a Priest by the fol lowing form uttered by the Bishaop: "Recewie the Holy Ghost for the offico and work of a Priest in the Churchl of God, now com Inltted unto theo by the iposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dsetl lrglee, (heuAy I ars forgiven and whAose sins thou dost re- at lain, they are retained," &o.; In conslstency, cc with this hae finds the following words co standing in the Prayer Book, in the Vlsi- an tation of the Sick, for himself to' use, GI under certain circumstances. Addressing the sick man, he would be required to say, in " Our Lord Jesus Christ, who has left Bc power to his Church to absolve all sinners pu who truly repent and believe in him, of at his great mercy forgive thee thine offences: or and by his authority commilled to me, 'I n absolve thee front all thy sins, In tile name si of tele Fatler, and of tile Son, and of thle sr Holy Ghost. Amen." If, like the Arti- In cles, it is willed by her Majesty that no oh eman "shall put his own sense or comment wi to be the meaning" of the form of abso- ki lutlon, but shall take it in the "plain, th literal, and grammatical sense," tlhen it sel will be impossible to deny that a peculiar an and awful official prerogative is claimed di to be possessed and exercised here. All fe doubt on our inquirer's mind, as to the ni absolution being oficially authoritative, or s merely declaratory of an ovangelical truth Ihaving nothing to do with mystic or si mischievous sacerdotal pretensions,-all " doubt on this matter would appear to vo vanish before the following facts. In mak- va ing a deacon, he observes, the Bishop does T not confer the Holy Ghost; that is re- di served to qualify for the mysteries of the tih priestly function; the consequence is, that it a Deacon, when he reads the regular an liturgical service of the Church, must omit an the form of absolution, which occurs both pr in the morning and evening prayer; he al has not received power to pronounce to po tfio people "the absolution and remission tis of their sins;" lihe may, however, pray for an it; and therefore many, while they remain in Deacon's orders, Instead of the omitted be absolution, which is put in a form to be at authoritatively uttered to, or over, the in people, read the following prayer for the on samo blessing, which occurs in the service int for Ash Wednesday, and which addresses in itself, of course, humbly and directly to me God :--" 0 Lord, we beseech thee, merci- so fully hear our prayers, and spare all those Ch who confess their sins unto thee, that they whose consciences by sin are accused, 1y I thy merciful pardon may be absolved, through Christ our Lord. Ameon." The fact is, tie rationale, or philosophy, so to speak, of the public absolution, and of the place where it occurs in the service, is said to be this :-As men under sin, and of an course under the divine displeasure, can- th not worthily approachl to worship, unless lat cleansed from their disqualification; this spi is to be secured by the union of the Ca people's personal, and the priest's official th act; the penitence of the one and the tll pronunciation of their remission by the til other. This done, they can "enter with tCl boldness into the Holy place," and join in de the presentation of "spiritual sacrifices," tl which may now be offered, and will now th be acceptable. de Again we pass on, having simply ascer- so tained what it is that our inquirer dis-' covers ;-we pass on with hlim to the last tr point of observation and remark. Having seen the spirit of the Church as a church, and the official character it supposes in its ci ministers, le now fixes on specific ezprs sions, which, as a minister, he would be required to employ ;-to employ in solemn i a'dresses to God, in relation to the maemberra of the Church individually. Examining thel t omien for the baptism of infants, and a passing over the astounding and startling 0 thct, that he would actually, in the course su of it, have to interrogate a babe, and to t receive its replies through the lips of ti adults, who answer for it; which adults promise what they have no power to per- ib form-and promise, it may be, to do for the child, or that the child shall do, what they have never thought of doing for themselves. Passing over these things, ni our inquirer observes, that in a direct ad dress to Almighty God, he has positively to assume and affirm as a fact-assume p and affirm in relation to every infant he may ever baptise-wkat it is utterlty ismpos- 0o sible for him to hnow of anty. WVe take the following prayer from tile form for u the private baptismn of children, partly because it is shorter than the parallel thanksgiving In the public form, and partly c because, in this case, as there are no qoecs- a lions asked by the priest, and no profession of faith/i, or repentance, or resouncing f the r workl, the flesh, uand the devil, made by tieo babe, or for it through its sponsors, there a can be no ground for assuming the exist- P once of the fact in qnestion, in consequence e of its vicarious confession of Christ. Tills is said, In the Catechism, to be the reason why children are baptised at all; and there are those who regard it as a ground for hoping that they enjoy that which the rite symbolizes. But in private baptism this confession is not made, and yet the one is administered, and the other alffirmed. The q priest, without such confession, applies to tie child the sacred sign, and then has Im mediately to express himself as follows, respecting Its possession of the thing signified :-" We yield thee hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath pleased thee to regenerate this infant wrrIT Tur HOLY S saRIT; to receive him for thine own child by adoption, and to incorporate himu into thy holy church. And we humbly beseech thee to grant, that as he is iow made a partaker of the death of thy Son, so he may be also of his resurrection : and finally, with the residue of thy saints, lihe may inherit thlne everlasting kingdom, through the same, thy Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen." Now the fact assumed and affliried in this language, and aflirmed in words spoken to God, is this-that GOD has regenerated the child with is I IoLY SPanTr. It is not lthat the Infant has become ceremonially regenerate; that, by an outward rite, his t outward relationship to the outward or visible church Is altered, and that he stands to it in a connection not recoguised before. This our Inquirdr could understand. But it is asserted that Gon has regenerated him with T IIOLY SPIRiTsni, Or given him, as is asked for in one of the prayers in the pub alic form, "spirltnal regeneration:' '."'his a would appear to be regarded as oecurrlig in connection with the application of the Soutward sign; for, previous to that, the a blessing is spoken of as not possessed; im mediat aft er, It is allirmsed to have de o scended. Isa this brhet interval, the greatest conceivable change has taken place in tile siplritual condition ofau hnmortal mind; the moment befobre the application of the n mystic element, the child Is in that state in which the article declares that it de n served "God's eternal wrath and damnua i tion ;" the moment after he is auothor being e -has anotber nature; words waft to God I- from the lips of the priest tile tlhrilling \- thanksgiving-" he is nol madoe a partaker t of the death of thy Son." In an instant in -in the twinkling of an eye-In like na manner as at " thIe last trump," physicml ur corruption shall be transformed Into the likeness ofglorified. humanity-with such suddenness, in consequence of the net of an ecclesiastical offilcial-the "birth-sin" ofa corrupt and carnal mind vanislhes away, and it becomes "the temple of the Holy Ghost I" In consistency with this, It strikes our inquirer that the other parts of the Prayer Book are constructed, The Catechism puts into the mouth of the child the same affirmation that at first flowed from the lip or the priest;-it tells him, inexplaining the nature of a sacrament, that the "outward sign" is a " means" of Ilis receiving the spiritual grace; and in harmony withs this, instructs him to say, that in baptism be obtained that, by which, from a "child of wrath" ho became ,"an inheritor of tile kingdom of heaven." In like manner, in the order of Confirmation the bishop him self reasserts the fact already referred to, and does so, like the Presbyter, in language directly addressed to God. As if to manto feat, moreover that the regeneration recog nised in the baptismal formulary, is spiritual and real, heo employs the phrase there employed, in such a manner, as to show that this is the sense Intended: "Almighty and everlasting God, who has vouchsafed to regenerate these thy ser vants, by water Axo the Holy Ghost." The Holy Ghost here, cannot be something different from the same tiling described in tihe previous ceremony in tile same words; it is, however, something different and additional to regeneration by wsater; and it is this higher something that every priest of the English Establishment has to affirm, in a maneoor the most solemn, as positively occurring to every infant hap tised by hiis hands, and occurring to it at, and because of, its baptism. Such are the things which we suppose to be selected by tihe individual beolro us, and on whichlie hesitates about proceed ing to the priesthood. We shall now draw our remarks to a conclusion, by putting into the form of reflections, uttered by our inquirer, some of the thoughts which, in meditating on the above, pass through his soul, and decide for him the question of Clerical Conformity. 