THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. T¥fE.«TltB nOT4T;. The production of Verdi's opora of ' Louisa Miller' on Wednesday night, for the first time in the colony, wns an undertaking that ovidenced in a manner deserving of the highest commendation, tho desire of the manage ment to afford inducements for all who admire good music to support tho attempt to establish the opera per manently in this colony. On this account, therefore, moro than nny other, we wero glad to aeo tho occasion distinguished by tho presenco of a numerous and select audionco within tho walls of thoKoynl. Thougli opinions vary very much as to the merits of Verdi as a composer— and it is the fashion to say that ho is no poiiius — that he is not conversant with tho scienco of music — that be is a nlagiarist — and that ho writes too much to produce any thing good j wo must, in our own plain way, express a very strong liking for much of his music. Further, wo point to tho fact of his great popularity in tho musical world of Isurope as a sufficient refutation of all tho charges that havo been brought against Verdi — a popularity greater than was over attained by his co temporaries, Auber and Mcyorbccr, both of whom aro said to havo exhibited abilities of a higher order than our composer. Wo particularly like the ' effects' of his music ; though wo confess we aro sometimes very appre honsivo of a break down, from the Btrain which is pnt upon tho vocalist. Verdi seems to writo mainly for voices of a compass only found in the first-rate nrtists of tho old world j ordinary artists have more than ordinary difficulties to encounter imnastoring his scores. Tiicro fore it is that wo are disposed to accord the fullest mea sure of pralso to our opora company for the creditablo manner in whioh tho work under question was presented. Tho prompter was too frequently in requisition, and the consequent occasional 'bitches' and pauses wero too apparent on the first) night, to allow .the audionco to be thoroughly satisfied j but tho succeeding representations were in ill rospocts satisfactory. The librettist, Mr. Charles Jeffreys, who lias adapted tho English version of the opera, has given a cohcrenco and solidity to his work that aro not generally found in translations. It i« said that the plot or story is taken from ono of Schiller's dramas. Wo shall give a brief sketch of its mo3t prominent features. Loitina (Madame Carandini) is the daughter of a Miller (Mr. Farquharson) by namo and occupation. They are vassals of the Count ilc Walter (Mr. Gregg), whoso son Bodolpho (Mr. Shonvin) has, in the disguise of a peasant, formed an attachment with Louisa. This love nfiair has been discovered by the pnronts on both sides through thn instrumentality of ouo Wurm (Hcrr Schluter), a discarded lover of Louisa, mid of course objected to;1(nnd hero the diffi culties of the youthful pair commonccj in fulfilment, wo suppose, of the old saw that 'tho course of true 'ovo ? never runs smooth.' Rodolpho is determined to bo truo to his pledges to Louisa, anil to got over tho opposition of his father he reveals his knowlcdgo of tho criminal means by which he attained his estate and ho furthor succeeds in satisfying Miller that hols sincere in his lovo for his daughter. De Walter affects compliance with his son's wishes nt first; but ho is resolved nevertheless, that ho slmll be united to tho Duchess Frcdcrica', (Madame Sara Flower). Mil/tr is carried off to prison by the Count's myrmidons; nnd while in confinement, Warm, impelled by his lovo as well as his desire to servo tho lordly master whose de pendent ho is, works upon Louisa's .fears by informing her that her father will bo put to death unless she signsa paper that she never loved any other than the treacher ous scoundrel -iiimsolf. Filial ?affection is strongest, and to save her father, Louisa signs the declaration required. Rodolpho sees tlm let'.cr, nnd in, of course, maddened by this proof of Louim's infidelity ^ and, un der tho impression that sho'is falso, ho consents to we j tho Dudics) without delay, secretly resolving, howsver, upon a terrible rcvongo on her who he regards as tho destroyer of his happiness. Ho goes to the miller's cot tage while tbo wedding bolls aro ringing and his high born- briuo is waiting for him at the alter; lie taxes Louisa with her supposed perfidy ; ho takes poison, and he induces her to take it also. Louisa, as soon as she knows that she is within death's grasp, feels absolvod from her oath of secrecy to JKiins, and she tolls Rodolpluo tho whole circumstances of her denying his love. The parents and friends, coming in at this moment, are wit nesses of the melancholy end of tho faithful pair. Ridolpho, however, beforo dying, concentrates his last, energies for wreaking vengenco un Wurm, whom he stabs to tho heart beforo his father's face. The denoument is thrilling and tragic in the oxtreme. Making fair al lowances, all the principal characters in the opera wero well sustained. Madame Carandini won a i;ood deal of applauso for bor expressive vocalisation of ' 1 mot him' (£o vidi), nnd the duel with Roiolpho, 'Lovo in my heart' {Tamo r*'.««ior); and tho approbation of the audience- accompanied her throughout the porformancs. There are scvoral sweet and flowing molodiea sung by her. which aro equally meritorious as the above. To Mr. Shcrwin's Rodolpho we accord tho praise of its being tho best performance in tho opera. Mr. Farquharson, though ho sang tho music allotted to him unoxceptionably, was rather stiff and angHlar in his acting of tho old man; and Madam Flower's Duchess in a similar manner was too cold and pulseless. Her delightful contralto voico was heard to great advantage in tho two duels with Rodalpho in tho first act. Mr. Gregg's old fault— his indistinct enun ciation — marred his complete success ; and Herr Schluter was at disadvantage on account of his very bad English. Wo must not forgot Mrs. Hancock, who, in tho small part of Laura (in which she dressed very prettily in deed), gained acknowledgments from the audience. Tho otl)er entertainments of tho week havo been made up of revivals of the works prqducod in tho early part of the season, with a farce nightly preceding tho opera. '' OKiYM-pJtO TIEEAVRE. The spectacular drama of ' Tho De.non of tho Desert,? was made tho means of introducing to the patrons; of this house tho batch of camels that recontly arrived! in Melbourne as the first instalment' of the caravan destined to penetrato the arid waBtcs of central Australia. It must bo well known to our readers that the hump-backs are at present under tho care and cus tody of tho spirited and speculative proprietor of Crcmorno, wbero their presence in tho mena gerie might be supposed tt- be an additional attraction to visitors. Tho members of the Philosophical Institute nor tho Governmont were in a position to provido tbo interesting strangers with board and lodging, notwithstanding tint the former profess to have such a deep interest in tho question of the explo ration of tho interior, and - many other important matters which just serve them ns food for tali. U*o should like to know what benefit the community has derived) or; hv what way science! or art has been ad vanced, by the 'transactions' of those 'learned pundits.' We by no means wish to deny that amongst tho members aro some of tho most eminent scholars in tho country; but'jwa do assert that the body as a whole is pretentious to an extent bordcriug on tho absurd. It jd U9( A desire to iatruila upon tbeir 'mission' flu* siusei us to speak, hut as an integral portion of the body social and politic, Hell would recommend their attention to tho old' Baw—'Les3 talk and more work,' or at any rate let us havo loss talk, and we will leave them to work as they pleas'o. When thoy catch a worm they havo as much to say . about it as if it were tbo veritable sea-serpent , and they becomo roally intrusive becausq all the world docs not turn with rapt attention to their '' papers' on elementary chemistry and mathe matics. But enough of the I'hilosbpbical Institute— of which tha Hon. Georgo Coppin, for tho service he ban 'done tho State' should bo elected an honorary member. Cremoruo is a very pico plaeo, and no doubt tho camels have very pleasant quarters thoro. But these mammlfcrous rumtnatora require plenty, ,of food, and food costs money. The hot woathor does not tend to tho enhancement of the revenue of :the keepers, be cause people will not make out door holiday when tho thermometer is ranging botweeu S0° and 11)0°. ' If gtho mountain will not como . to Mahomet, Mahomet must go to tha mountain:' fo the citizens 'not going fast enough to Crcmorne to see tho camels, the camels are , sent amongst tho citizens. Tho drama is comploto. rubbish, aud its production is only excusablo because it afforded an opportunity to in troduce tho camels. In tho scene, 'the halt of tho caravan,' there was, however, something worth looking at, for the scenery, representing '' tho well of palms' in the desert, was well painted and tho plcturesquo 'grouping of tho camels: exhibited them to tho best advantage. Tho audiences havo beau so- sufficiently gratified with tho zoological novelties as to overlook tho glaring defects of the pieco in a dramatic point of view, and it lus been repeated every night during the 'week. On Monday ovening a now comody of Tom Taylor's was produced for tho first tiino in Melbourne. It is entitled ' l'ayablo on Domand,' and was first performed at tbo Royal Olympic, London, in July lost. Tho pint ef the piece is vory ingenious, and the charac ters nro, without exception, such as individually oxelto somo special interest. Reuben aoMschul (Mr. H. Yoiingo) fa an indigent Jew, cast out of thu tribos for taking to himself a Christian wife. Thn opening of tho play presents him to us In his humble lodgings in tho ' Judon-Gasso,' Frankfort; his attention divided between tender care of his infant daughter ami his hero ditary anxiety to get money. Tho poriod of tho play is about 1705, whon tho victorious troops of Republican Franco wero covering the continent from end lo end, in fulfilment of tbo ambitious designs of the first Napoleon. Greetod with cries of ' Lilierti', friiterniU', cgalite,' thoy entered tho good city of Frankfort. Reuben looked upon tho presenco of the French sn a deliverance of him self from ' between two fires' — on tho ono side, his Hebrow brethren ' cut' him on account of his marriage j on thu other, tha Gentiles persecuted him for being aJmv. He is visited at this juncture bv tho Marquin tie St. Cjst (Mr. WubsturJ, un aristocrat, -ivliose lifo In sought by tho soldiers, and who is about to attempt his escape from tho city to 80-nio safer asylum. .S'f. Cast has long been separated from his wifo and child, and ho U anxiom to secui-o to thorn, in tho event of mishap to himself, the remains of his fortune. To this end ho sntriisti tho Jew with two thouaanil thalcrs, to bo ' payable ou demand ' \--to himself, his heirs, or assigns; ami receives in return a receipt, written in invisiblo ink, so that in tha event of tho Marquis's papers falling into unfriendly hands tho Jew might not be eoinproiniswl.and compelled to givo up tho money to tho state.- Thn receipt is put Into u aocret drawer of a desk which tho Maniuia carries with him. He, unhappy fellow, is rorngnisod by tho licentious soldiory, anil murdered. This conies to tho ears of 7?i!ii6i!'i, whoso first tliuughLi are to appropriate tho money tu himself, ho having previously destroyed the only cine loft by tho Marquis to tho discovery ot his family. However, tho good counsel of tho Jew's Christian wifo prevails over his fraudulent designs, and he swears to restore tho treasure so soon as ho can discover tho right ful owner. Hero ends the first part of tbo play. Twenty ono years must bo supposed to havo elapsed oro tho second begins. Upon the rising of tho curtain again, wo find Reuben In ntlluont circuni.stuiices, and ono of tho most successful monoy merchants on London 'Change. His daughter £iiirt(iliss Ro3u Dunno) has grown to woman's estate, and now occupies tho place of mistress of tho household, her mother having diod. It is her birthday, and Reuben has consented to remain at homo in honour pf the event. Ho does not, however, neglect business, and we havo a scene in which tho far-.scoing Jew speculates tremendously in stocks, pending a turn in tho troubled politics of 1814. Wo learn that ho risk3 overy tiling ho is worth : should his calculations turn out to bo incorrect, ho is ruined. A rival money-broker has adopted an cxpediont for obtaining tho earliest news which threatens to upset Reuben's calculations. Tho firm havo arranged for oarricr-pigoons to bo despatched from Paris to London with tho very first intimation of tho success of the nllica. Now, Reuben upon learning this, ongages a good fowlor to intercopt tho flight of tho first pigoou that comes seaward ovor tho Dover road. The plan succeeds, and tho purloined ' message' proves to bo all that tho Jew desires. In tho meantime tho ecquol to the leading incident of tho drama occurs. As a birthday present. Linn had received from hor f.ithor a very handsomo old-faahionod writing-desk. She shows this to her young music-master, to whom she in secretly attached. 'Ho at first sight recognises tho desk as ono that was in tho possession of his deceased father, tho tlarquu de St. Cast; himself boing tho long unknown lioir to tho loan upon which Reuben built his fostuno. Tho proofs of his idcutitv are in tho desk in question, which was aduplicatoof ono he had received from his mother. Tho lattor contains his father's portrait, and tho former his mother's, besides tho receipt which Reuben gave for tho money, and tho writing on which becomes visible by its being accidentally exposed to heat. Of course, all things end happily, Reuben is se cured in competence, and his child is united to a man of honour, who in tho same hour finds himself in tho pos session of a wife, a title, and n fortuno to maintain them. Though the pieco was carefully put on the stage, nnd thoso ong,iged in its representation did their very best to mako it go smoothly, wo could not feel satisfied with the 'cast,' which we think might easily have been improved. Miss Uosa Dunne, as Reu ben's wifo in the first part, and as his daughter in tho second, deservedly won a considerable sbaro of applauso. Mr. K. Youngo's 'Reuben was respectable, but very un like a Jow. Ho was best in the scene, in tho early part of the play, where the soldiers enter his houso to search for treasure. Mr. Webster's Marquis was careful ; but wo 'should havo preferred him in Bricabrac, This character was sustained by Mr. John Dunno with somo ability; but there was not enough of finesse and French grimace in his impersonation. Webster would havo been all at homo in it. No doubt it was by ' mutual con sont' that Rogers and F. Youngc wero left out altogether, otherwise it would bo hard to nccount for the non appearance of two such genu ino' actors in a play afford ing ample scopo for a display of their widely acknowlodged abilities. Mr. Fitzgerald is still doing tho Hibernian and ' heavy villain' business at this theatre. Ho seems to be awakening to a sonso of his inability to impress, tho public with the belief that ho has any claims to warrant tho flourish of trumpets that preceded his arrival in this colony ; and ho is showing his good senso by curtailing somo of tho oxtravagances in which ho was so fond of indulging at first. Yet a young man, ho mny by assiduous study attain a per manent as woll as a prominent position in his profession. i»ihi:vces5'«- tiieatthk. A new era in the history of this establishment com menced last Saturday night. The bills informed us that tho theatre was now called ' Tho People's.' Why its title underwent such an extreme change — from reiral to radical — is a matter wo leave to the speculative philoso phers of the Convention to unravel. What a question for tho 'mighty. Hunter' to hold forth upon I Ho might create a little liveliness amongst our lassitudinarious citizens if he called a special meeting in the theatre for the purpose. A numerous audienco would bo sure to attend. Tho business of the houso is boing conducted undi-r a new rc'jime ; but wo do not understand in what relation thomanagomentstand to 'another place.' Several members of tho Royal company aro now performing hero. In the comedy of ' Katherino and Pctruchio,' on tlm night abovementioncd. Mr. Henry Edwards and Miss Avouia Jones appeared in tho principal characters, and both to great advantage. The Katherinc of Miss Jones was a performance of equal merit, though of course in n widely different lino, with hor Medea, (which aho performed on this occasion) and Lncrctia Borpia. Mr. Edwards was as. rattling and despotic a husband as could bo desired for tho task hu had to acquit himself of. The othor parts were very acceptably untamed by the ' stock' actors of tho Princess's. On Monday night, a now play by Fredo rick Phillips, comedian, was brought out at this house fir tho first time. It has n familiar title—' A Bird in the Hand is worth two in the Bush ;' and was first ro prosentcd at the Surrey in January, 1857. In its plot thcro is nothing that can bo called original or oven striking; yet the strong common sonso of tho dialogu , Interspersed hore and thcro with homoly aphorism*, and tho admirablo arrangements of tho 'business' of tho piece, would almost at any tiino gain it a favour able recoption from an audience. The story is that ot an old uncle with two nephews, one a favourite, tho other discarded. Tlie latter is, however, a worthy fellow, whllo tho former is a rocklcss man about town : but the uncle does not biiliovo in this till painfully mado aware of it by witnessing tlieir respective conduct at tho 'reading of his will ' — ho having previously caused a report to bo circulated that he was dead. Of course, with dramatic license, tho uncle is reconciled to tho nephew who has been so long estranged from him ; and he 'cuts off' tho other with a shilling, though prior to tho discovery of his real character, he had been put down in tlie will as solo heir. Mr. Edwards played the ' nunkey,' Roderick Praiseworthy, with a ' tristful soverity' admirably suiting tho charucter. Ho made a much better old man than we thought him capable of. Mrs. Winterbottom acted as n very gontle and affec tionate wifo to Theodore Prodigal (Mr. Birch), tho dis carded nephew; and Mrs. Phillips, ns Madame Reginald Prodigal, wifo of tho other nephew, was us bumptious and unfeeling a purse-proud dame as ever spurned a pauper. Howover tho grcatfhit was tho Caphs Sliarhe of Mr. Fawcett. Ho personated tho unfeeling lawyer, who is of the Wormwood species, with eminent ability ; and bo did moro for the success of the piece than any other individual performer engaged. — The drama of ' The Black Doctor' has been revived ; and with tho aid of the ladies and gcntlomon from the Royal, its re presentation is a decidod improvement o.i its first pro duction at tho Princess's Theatre. PROVINCIAL ALBURY.— The Albury Amateur Dramatic Club played at the Royal on Thursday last in "Charles II." and "The Mummy." This was aunonncod as the last night of the season. Auab.vt.— Mesdamej Leon Naoj and Strobingor, to gothor with the Worrell Family and Moasra. J. Small aud Parker appear nightly at the fjlnmrock. Tuo dancing of Madumo Strobingor and bor juvenile assist ants bus boon received with great favour. 1U0K Oiikkk. —Mr. T. Iiolliold, tho lessee of tho now Royal, vicn Messrs. Webster and Bunn, rotirod, huB made a groat hit by tho'ongagoinont of Mr. John Drew, who haa appeared in a round of his favourito characters to full housos. Ballaakat. — ' Gxtremos, or Mon of tho Day,' a piece played with Biiocess at tho Olympic, London, and nt tho Princods'u iu Melbourne, has I'ceu produced nt tho Royal, in which Mr. Iloiskina appeared as Frank JTaie thornc, with Miss Juli» llnrlaud B3 Lucy Vavasour. The piec'i hai run during tho woek, with '? The Double Boduod Room' and other stock farces as uftorpiocej. At the Charlio Napioi' Mr. Ctovillo haj appeared in tha fairy oxtravaganza of ' Cumaralzuman and Bitlotira.' Mr. Stunrfc O'JJriuii, as Stonsimtr JaequM, in tho petite drnma so culled, liiw appeared with imlafoctiou to tho audionco and oredit to himself. At tlig Star, Mr. Mn ther, tho violinist-, took a benefit Ia3t ovoning, iu whioli ho was ns-isted by Mr, Wilton, tho Irish vocMht. aud Mr. Pollard. Bbxdioo.— Mr. Q. V. Drooko hai appeared during tho week at tho II ny market in a rouud of favourite characters, Bupportod by Miss Kato Wardc, Mrs. Vickcry, and Mcesrs. Lnmbort, Vinnon, cto. At tho Shamiook Mndlle. Thoreuo nnd M. Schmidt havo ap peared in lia'.kt entertainments during tho week. Mr. Abbott, of the Lycoum, duvotcd tho ontiro proceed) of thu liousu lust night, without deduotioua of any kind, to tho bonofit of tho Uoudlge Hospital. Madamt Ciwhl . appoarod in nn entirely uow selection of living pictums appropriate to tho occasion. Mr. ('. Thatohor is stlil outraged here. Folii'.nr OiiKRit. — A crowded audienco assembled in tho concert room of tho Mount Alexander hotel on Sat. ? urday evening last. Mr. .1. V.. Kilts, tho buss vocalist, mado his first bnw to a Chowtuu audience, and his songs wero loudly applauded. The proprietor hn.i also tho ser vices of Mr. Black, comic vocalist, Mrs. Vincent, and Miss Louise, au excellent piauiste. Ail amateur drama tic performance f styled in tho bills a dramatic treat) took placo on Monday last, at the aboveiiamcd hotel,' Tho pieces selected for the occasion woru ?' Tho Charcoal Burner' and 'Tho Great Devil.' To thoso who had the gold fortuno to In; present, it was indeed u treat such as is seldom seen iu this district, OliKLON'C — Mini Avonin Joue.-', nupportcd by Mr. Houry Noil Warnor, has a;ipoarcd nt tho Itoyul in tho plays of ' Iu'uuiar,' l'.\lodoa,' aud 'Lucrutlu Borgia.' CO(i»*{CU, AdhI'AHH'.— From the O'ncn-cr of tho 12th, wo ex tract the subjoined:— 'Tin: tragedy of Othello,' so well produced last week at the Victoria, was repeated on Thursday ovoning, in, as might havo been expectud, a still moro effective manner. 'Mr. Holt, enacted, ns bo foru, the noble, generous, jealous, vengeful, and much abused Moor, with ? a lino perception of tlie varying pi» lions of which ho is the embodiment. Tho subdued exultation of tho successful wooor, tho tenderness of tho lover-hiir.band, tho racking doubts raised with such preternatural skill, tho destructive fury of madness aggravated by demoniacal malignity, wero Riven with great forco nud bounty by Mr. Holt. Wo think, how ever, that in some cases the force would not have hoan impaired hod leas energy been exhibited. Sefton laboured wit* com'd.sraSlu 'success, to give effect lo tlie moro obvious potato, but ho scorned fncapablo of cor roctly appreciating tho character of logo. He was i tolor ably correct in tho toxt, but hos6omed to ho oblivious at tho most critical' junctures of any nocosaity to con ceive the atrocity of his intontiorts. He wiu, mf1'*.'., moro an open accuser than an insidious villain', who with fiendish skill makes Dtsdcmona's purity and Othello's lovo tho means of working out imsuspccteilly his malignant purposes. Such a reading of logo is detri mental to tho person representing Othello, inasmuch as ho must bo duped and driven to mndncss and murder by inuendocs transparontnnd designs patonttoovory boy in tho gallery. No doubt tho character of lago is most difficult, and probably Soflon mado moroof it than could havo been dono by uny other member of tho company. Mr. Holt (who is a star) exceptcd. Creswick played Cassia woll in somo scenes, particularly tho carouse nnd broil in tho second act— bo was capital. Jackson made Roitcrigo ns contemptible in his low ? comcily demeanour as Shakspearo intendod ho should bo, for his want of sense and lack of principlo. Thero is, we should imagine, no necossity lo add tho sin of vulgarity to tho many faults and follies of this 'Venetian gentleman.' Squires played Ludovico with a cara and propriety that evidonced an earnestness essential to nil who hope to rise in tho actor's profession, although un fortunately it does not al\vay3 cnablo them to surmount tho barrier that divides mediocrity from excellence. Tho ladies havo littlo to do iu '?Othollo,' nnd therefore littlo can bo said boyond admitting that Mrs. Holts Dcsdemona was sweetly all'ectionato and submissive, aa it ought to bo; and that Miss Mario Nelson's Emilia was tho nearest approach, where all was good, to tho oxcelleuco of tho particular stars of the ovoning. Sho was alternately yioldlng and resolute, willing to savo a husband whom *Bho feared, but dauntless in denouncing the guilt nnd madness of tho Sfoor, and the villanv that brought it about. We havo seldom heard a more hearty burst of npplauso than that sho oxtorted from all parts of tho house by her energetic delivory of tho passage — ' And put a whip in every honest lund. To liuih tho rascal naked through tho world.' Sydxisy — The want of ' tho sinews of war' has lod' to a thoatricnl emonte in Sydney. As the 'ghost did not walk' at either theatre (to adopt n phrano generally used by tho profqBsion) ou the Hatur dny motniog, a mooting of profeasionVa was hold tho eaiiie afternoon, tho l'Jth November, at which it was unanimously agreed not to porform nt cither honso till tho arroars duo, nnd tho nextweok's tm!.iry iu advance^ should bo forthcoming. Doth thoatros closjd in oonsequenco, and Mr. Colvillo instantly ndvorti.-cd for a new company. Our advices next inform us that it was probtblo that tho Victoria wbuld bo opened under the joint management of tho loading 'profi'S Bionala, nnd on tho following day, Wodnosday last, wo learn thnt Mr. Colvdle had charged Mr. Joseph son, the owner of tho Victoria Theatre, with foroib'o ontry, nnd that tho enso, which was partially hoard at tho police office, was adjouruod till Friday (yes terday). ? 