StinioiNted b» iii« p'ox|.«ôt < f winning B new lis», and' ?sHimril hy «d'Inuj creal ii'« c .mforH, we conirarnced, on Thur ilny, nu ht, jim ;rfereule«n fea.t ofwuding through' ,1 eu »ni:'' iinporileroii«; »nd t sophistical loiiture.on Kiluca lum. deli«eied in .the ."?'chool uf Art*, and puhlisbcd ?in" eolu inna of onr aged contemporary tho lleioltl. At the period r.f accepting ilio challenge we muy stnto that we wer» utterly ,ignorant of the niitgnltudo of tho lank we hail undertaken, but nf drsjiertmdum being our motto, we contd not of course think ut shrinking from tho feat, mora especially aa Jenkins hirmelf paid us a visit lo re qoost that we would be kind enough to peruse his great lucubration . All p-eliminnries arranged, with full de oaiiters, and.our physician, Dr Du g»n, in a'tendanca, at teven p m .nn thursday wc withdrew into the private re- ceives of our sanctum, and at once commenced our task -the odds nt Mártir): being 10O to 1 against us. Two' nubhluis. and one mild Havanna carried us through th" .introductory portion of too liirauguo. and by eleven o'clock we had arrived at the middle of the fourth column - At this stage our. physician replenished tho glaises, and iccuniiMomlcd, ns the most trying portion of our work was shunt too iinmence. 'that .we should divest ourselves of our ej.terior cdveriag-in other words, that ire should take oft our coat, and tarn np our shirt sleeves. Thia advice was followed, arid, although affected with a sense of in . t«naedrowsiness, we per.evered gallantly till the bottom of the sixth column h «il been attained. It wai now .that the poppy-'ike.iiifl it nee of Juiibiriaonin nitauked us in full force. 1) spile vigorous appeals to tho boule b (-ide us, and trrcspicthe ot all that uur medical adviser Could nuggest, we foiind ourselves gradually sncoumbing, and in a lew ruinu ca must undoubtedly have tailed, but fur the generiiui.. asiistuucu of our fnond Sal'or, who slier coiiMiltatiou willi our own "particular," Duigan, decided lo uko three pints uf blond fr»tn the calf nf o»r left leg. Toe relief fina given wua great and iiumedUie, ?nd ne resumed our tusk willi a strom? onnviction that, although the odds wuro so much ugaiuai us. wo should come off tiiumph.iut. By four a rn yeirorduy wo had finished the eighth column, un il »ere then as frosh ns a uuw Mû egg. unit ns >upplo ns McKcnu on thu 19-th night . .f his 40.001) miles mutch. After p/triakiog of a liîiie light refreshment ( a pUiu of flteweil oysters un ii a pim bo Ile) of porter) we ro-uaieil wink: end by twelve o'clock hud waded through tun columns of tho lecture, our ttrgogih n i way impaired, and our pulse quite regular. Du reaching th it iiu'tinu of tho eleventh euluma ia which Jenkins graphically dupicin lim glorious results which mun follow the initi.itioti of his sy&toui.; and the delight I which every urchin moat experience in tho rtfl ction thnt emry cockroach he ci iris will be HO much in aid of the tiU'tentaiion Kund -un leaching this p inion, wu say, the spirit of drowsiness again caine o'er ui; hut Salier (who had been tom lnr to relieve our own M D ) piouipily came lo the re-cue liku and upon," Lightning," and, hy the application uf a blister to thu back of our uuck, and four leeches to ciel) eyebrow, wo were enabled to continue our grout undertaking with renewed vigor until hulf-pnat twelve lost night Then, amidol thu enthusiastic cheering nf our li iy and Dr baiter, we had the proud satisfaction uf knowing iii 'twa were victorious- ili.it the new tile waa w. II, sui thnt wo should henceforth live in tho memory uf p fierily aa having accomplished a faut which has had no pnrallel a'neo tho days when lluicules undertook iboho rutan cu elirutod labours that have u>ado bis name, ns uurs ui nm now bu, immortal. Tho greatness of our triumph will be appreciated when it in kuuwn that in tho preparation of bi- harangue, Jenkins was occupied f.r upards of flveyeitrs; and, although it is generally be- lieved that he read the lecture in extenao un Tuesday night, we must in j.istice to ourselves maka k no .VII thu Ucl that what be really did read duiing tho four hour« anil s half consumed un that occasion, was n nummary i r u&rldgement; embody u g tito main points ot tho il'mortat'ion. but not tho lecture itself. I bis oircuiu lUince, coii-id -red in couneution with thu other facts, must, vro repeat, «tamp our performance as am ngst the greatest on rocord. Candour compels us lu ada that it waa tome hours before we thoroughly re- covered fr im tho effects of the great, and, wu might ul mott add, foolhardy uodertaktng. Under tho careful ut tendon of falter, .'however, wo are fast recovering fljsb, and in a woek or so will no doubt bo enabled to luovu about aa Usual. The following prescription is thu latoat recommended after consultation by our two medical at tendants, viz:-"C. griac, 1 gill, a ipi a puru, } gill, loaf lugar 2 drachms; lu be mixed, sad taken aa a gargle every two hours." This potion, in tho opinion of ibu eminent men above mentioned, will speedily, allay all symptoms ul »uflerlug, and enable aa to say iii the lan- guage of Kichard -" Bili's himself igaiu I" ily special telegram, (received after thu preceding was in type") wo learn that Jenkins has accepted un invi- tation tu toa froui tho chaste matron of tho Magdalen In- stituto, when he will lavor thu modosl inmutes of that es- tablishment with n repetition of bis instructive lecture, and amplify upon tho particular virtuos of toa. aud sugar in iitnuli- rating tho sufferings engendered by a deviation from the path of rectitude, occasioned by parental dere- liction in the discharge of educational obligations. Hu- mour has it that ijir Alfred Stophel» has »¡nilly cuiiaentod to preside, and pour out tho cream. Moll" ios will c in- stitute a portiun of tho repast, and mn imbil domini will bs chanted by the ghost of Father Jobo. 