CHINA. RENEWAL OF THE WAR. DISASTROUS DEFEAT OF THE BRITISH. flfltOM THE CALCUTTA ENGLISHMAN, ON AUGUST 9.) at the Fiery Cross we have received papers from Hong Kong to the 19th, and from Singapore to the 29th, and Penang to the 30 th ult The Fiery Cross left Chum on the 19th, and Singapore on the 30th July, and Penang on the 1st August. Shobringsinostdisastrousintelligonoo' of a renewal of the war in China, for no purpose that we can imagine, except to gratify a whim of the Admiral, who chose rather to attempt to force a passage by the usual channel of the Peiho than to proceed by another which the Chinese at? stories told him was open for him, A disgrace M defeat was the consequence, and the destruction of two of the attacking squadrons. The re. port says that the fire of the Chinese batteries was evidently directed by Europeans, and the Hong Kong paper concludes that they must have been Bussions ! It is much more probable that they were the European pirates driven out of the Canton river by o cruisers, for the Chinese are Stanway to have murdered the Russians at Pekin.' How Admiral Hope will answer for this calamity one know not. We are informed that the Admiral wag warned by people at Hong Kong not to attempt the Peiho, as the Chinese were still prepared to oppose him. He has been guilty of the most dangerous of all faults in war, that of de seizing his enemy. It is the more mortifying because the Chinese were evidently sincere, as they have allowed the American Ambassador to pass up to Pekin by the passage indicated. Indeed, 2nd they. laid a trap in that channel they would have put themselves decidedly in the wrong, ' whereas they have now evidently justice as well as access on their side. The worst part of the BUMiiess is that if, as has never been Mirniiaad, j Jilyara desirous of getting rid of thetr"-_tv,tho/ t have now a legitimate reason for declaring it void of as to the English and French, who have so wantonly recommenced hostilities. The mail steamer Aden arrived from Shanghai, yesterday afternoon, having left that port on the 12th instant. She brings advices of the defeat other British forces at the mouth of he Peiho -a catastrophe which reflects more disgrace of H.M. arms than anything which has happens 1 since her accession. Mr. Bruce arrived off the Peiho on the 18th ultimo, where the British force had been concentrated. Some messages were exchanged between the British Minister's suite and some Mandarin? of inferior rank on shore. The tenor of these messages was to the effect that the foreign miners ties and suits would be received in Pekin if they would proceed by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Peiho, which river it was intimated foreign men-of-war must not enter. Mr. Bruce finally declared that he would force an entrance, and leaving the matter in Admiral Togo's hands, the attempt was made on the 25th alt. The following extracts will detail the la inevitable result : We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we unhesitatingly record our conviction that such a series of complicated bangles is not to be found in British annals. It is a matter of sin- cere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if the force he had had been doubled or trebled, the only difference which would have resulted would have been the augmented ratio of the casualties. A simultaneous attack by land and sea should have clearly been made whilst the flood tide was running-the land force making a detour ii id attacking the forts on the sides. Besides, the fort) should have been taken in detail after the fire I should have fallen, the rest could have certainly been shelled. Again, the position should have been reconnoitred, as it might have been safely inferred, in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booms had been constructed, that masked batteries were certain to be placed. Tipperary tactics are scientific in comp prison to the mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position that is to say, the entire sea force was run into the trap which had been made ) and provided. After it had been destroyed or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, the land force was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they could not be brought up for some time. When they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud bank, almost in the face of these victorious batteries without any material to meet the difficulties of the case two ditches intervened, and the end of it was that 50 Of our brave fellows reached the wall without scaling ladder or a dry cart 'ridge Why, had the whole of the Royal Marines in the service of been landed under such cir- circumstances, what difference, vi of ask, could there have been in the result ? ' i We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They behold the flotilla go into the trap-they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelming, and China ike, they became elated and worked hard at the runs there was nothing to drive them from. Remembering how the Russian Minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year, bearing in mind the intrigues he made whilst the Tccntsun negotiations were going on-not forgetting the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on the Amoor just about that time and seeing, moreover, that there is no Russian Ambassador now dogging the stop! of the British Minister, or indeed near the scene of action-it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimised to Russian machinations. Moreover, it is known that the Russians mode one of the stipulation for the territory they filched, the payment by them to the Chinese of seven hundred cannon as if the Chinese would have made such a demand unless they had been told to do so 1 , | We do not think there were any Russians in the ports, because our troops were assailed by gingham and arrows, but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stockades, and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt It issian guns being of course used. We presume that the United States, Minister wJl proceed to Pekin, and will be well receive I there, when he will be used as a mediator. Doubtless Heongfung's wounded honor being now healed, His Celestial Majesty would come to an easy settlement if we would let him have his own way. Our right to force a passage to Tientsin is very questionable, particularly as a safe conduct was offered our Minister by another route, and an audience promised. This of course would have ended in smoke, but still it forms a Celestial pretext. It is a sorrowful affair, and besides the valuable lives lost, may lead to trouble and grief. The expedition should be reinforced, and another attack made immediately. H. M. S. e, off the Peiho, July 1st, 1859. On the 25th of June, the negociations with the Chinese having come to nothing but a put off to granting, the Admiral, with his flag flying in the Plover, followed by the gunboats bee, Nimrod, Cormorant, Opossum, Bnnterer, Starling, Forea 'tor, Kestrel, Janus, and Haughty, proceeded to take up a position off the Peiho forts, ready to attack, in case the Chinese should offer any resistance to clearing away the barriers. At 2 p.m. the stations having been pretty well obtained. with the exception of Starling and Banteror, which. were on shore, the former on the south and the latter on the north bank, the Play or and Opossum weighed, the latter proceeding toclearaway a passage through the iron stakes which composed the first obstruction. Two of these having been drawn, the Plover, followed by Opossum, passed through them, and also the second boom, which had been destroyed by the Flag Captain on the previous night. On arriving at the second, she attempted, together with Opossum, to break through it, but without effect ; almost immediately a single gun was fired at her, and directly all the masks were rolled up, and a tremendous fire was opened on the squadron and the action became general. The Lee, by signal from Plover, passes through the stakes to the support of the Admiral. The Plover and Opossum were, however, see a , obliged to slip, the fire being too heavy for them, and followed by the Leo dropped clear of the t stakes at 3h. 16in. The gunboat Plover suffered very much in killed and wounded. An officer "I was sent to the Reserve to order up reinforcements but the tide was too strong for the boats to attempt to pull up. The American Flag Officer very kindly offered to tow the boats up to a position to enable them to reach the gunboats. ,' At 435 the enemy's fire was slackened considerably, orders were sent down to the Reserve for marines and naval brigades to prepare to land, and the Forester and Opossum, together with the ' Toyowan, proceeded and towed them to the Nimrod, the place of rendezvous. At an early period of the action the Admiral had been wounded on board the Plover by a splinter in the thigh, and that vessel was almost entirely disabled. He ' Ship ted his flag to the Opossum', when, there he took his station on the caboose, and from thence issued his orders, until a round shot cut the main (stay on which he was leaning and caused him. to fall to the deck, a height of some" eight foot, breaking a rib and sea early shaking him. After a short time he left the Opossum in the Du Chaya'j fig, and proceeds- to the Cormorant, while her examined. At 545 the bo -to him"- Mniinbled alongside the Nimrod pushed for the shore is now the stakes. as- possible, and opposite to the left < bastion] about 600 james lUUnca from it. the landing here Wits *»«i;»o_.?i} vi sold about kuDOr deep, and the greatest doughty Was «_tpeia,i»4 in getting, up till ^wlhig-ladders and. Friday. The Marine and Naval Brigade. a small posts i iff which had only just landed, pushed their front, under a very heavy fire from six guns in flank and in front. The fire from the walls, o" ingalls, rifle, and arrows was also very heavy. No check had hitherto taken place, but here a j ditch five feet deep and ton broad occured, and the men having [no choice, plunged across and ! thereby wetted their ammunition. A party of? some 50 officers and men again pushed on and crossed another wet ditch which took them with- in 20 yards of the wall. In the meantime Captains Shadwell and Vansittart as also Colony's lemon having been wounded, the commands de- ' volved on Commanders Commeroll and Major Parke. It was about 9 o'clock and darkness had set in. The position of the landing party, was most precarious, 60 officers and men also remained in the first ditch, and about 150 in the second. Many had been killed and wounded, and with the exception of a small body 150 yards further back, no reinforcements appeared to be offering, and the men already at the front were perfectly exhausted, and without dry ammunition or rifles fit for use. The officers in vain encouraged their men to charge to the walls but it was ineffectual, the men were few and done up, and even if they had not been they never could [have carried them against the thousands that lined the walls. Under these our cumstances the Commanding Officer despatches 1 an officer to the rear to ask for instructions, and the Senior Officer sent Win back immediately with the orders for the force to withdraw as no rain incements could be sent. Directly this order was received the wounded were despatched to th) near, by twos and threes, and two hours having been given thointoget to the boats the small advanced party retreated in good order from the ditch, examining the ground on their retreat for any Wounded that might have been overlooked. Many poor follows, runs, in the retreat fell to rise no more, but the wounded were saved and brought off. In the meantime the boats of thesqnadronunder Captain Willes employed themselves in embark- ing the wounded and landing party, and at 1 o'clock, or a little after they were all off. The gunboats did their duty 11011, and covered tin 1 anding party up to the latest moment it was prudent to fire, and shortly after, as a testimony of their hard-fought day, the Lee and Kestral sunk, and the Haughty just managed to keep herself afloat till the morning, when she went down, but fortunately out of range. At 3 a.m. the Cormorant with the Admiral on board, and full of wounded, was so fast aground that it was considered necessary to leave her, as she was right under the batteries, and at daylight the enemy would doubtless concentrate their fire upon her, whereas, if she More temporarily abandoned it was hoped that the enemy would cease firing on her and the next night we should be able to go, her off. For the same reasons the Plover and Starling, both immovably aground, were cleared of their crews. The morning of the 20th showed our squadron in a and condition, hardly a gun- boat but what was disabled. However, during the day the carpenters of the squadron were employed patching them up temporarily, and the Stalling having floated, her second master proceeded in a dingy and cut the cable, when she drifted out of range with the ebb. Two night attempts were made by Captain Wilkes to recover . the Cormorant and Plover, but without success-, The Cormorant's ship company having remained till 11 a.m. to endeavour to float her, a most tor rifle fire was opened upon her from batteries both north and south, and it soon became evident that she was sinking. Orders were therefore sent down to Commander Wodehouse ordering him to abandon her if he had no hopes. Hor ship's company and officers were embarked accordingly, but not before the water was up to the lower deck, and half an hour afterwards she went down head foremost. The same night fresh attempts iicicmadoon the Plover, but it was found in l practicable, as she was full of water, and gave no hope of her being able to float. At daylight, the Kestrel sunk on the 25th under the batteries - was observed drifting out, and having bestowed by the Janus into shoal water, was eventually recovered. During that day the enemy got on board the Plover, over the mud, and saved us the trouble of destroying her by setting her on fire themselves, but not before a great portion of stores had been recovered. The next two or three days the boats of the Chesapeake were employed destroying the abandoned vessels as much as possible I have no time to add more as I hear a vessel is going to Shanghai. Pray let me hear from you as soon as possible. We shall in all probability remain in the Gulf till nearly the last. CASUALTIES Before the Police Forts on the 25th of June, 1859. KILLED. Lieut. Graves, R.N. Assistance, killed on shore. Lieut. Clutterbuck, R.N. Coromandel, do. Lieut. Rason, R.N. Plover, killed on board, Captain M'Kenna, Royal Regiment, du., Plan or. Mr. Herbert, midshipman Chesapeake, killed on shore. Lieut. Woolridge, R.M. Brigade, do. do. Lieut. Inglis, R.M. Highflyer, killed in boat. WOUNDED. Admiral Hope, severely. Capt. Vansittart, Magicienne, loss of left leg below knee. Captain Shadwell, Highflyer, severe wound of foot. Capt. Wills, Chesapeake, slightly. Colonel Lemon, R. M. Brigade, severely. Lieutenant Purvis, R.N. Highflyer, slightly. Mr. Burniston, master, Bant cr cr, slightly. Mr. Armitage, and., Cruiser, severely. Mr. Powlett, and., Cambrian, severely. Mr. N. B. Smith, mate, Chesnposke, severely. Mr. Philips, second master, Plover, slightly. Lieut. Longley, R.B., Plover, severely. Rev. H. Hulest, Chaplain R. M. Brigade, so sorely. Captain Masters, Chesapeake. ' Captain Slaughter, R.M. Brigade. ¡ Lieutenant Williams, R.M. Artillery. Lieutenant Crawford, R.M. Artillery. ; Lieutenant Collier, R.M. Brigade. Lieutenant Carrington, R.M. Brigade. Lieutenant Smith, R.M. Brigade. Lieutenant Percival, Fury, slightly. TOTAL KILLED AND WOUNDED. British ... ". .'.' 401 French, 4 killed and 10 wounded, including Captain Tricault (Du Chayla)'woundodîn the arm. Total of marine brigade only :- v Killed Wounded. Officers' " ... * £5 Sergeants . 2 7.. 18 Buglers.- 2 Corporals ... 8 Rank and file. 24 ... 105 28\. 143 Total killed and wounded, 171. North China Herald, July 9. ', ' Since our issue of the 9th the Hon. F. W. Bruce and M. de Bourboulon, the Ministers of England and France with their suites have arrived Shanghai, the former in the Coromandel, trio hitler in the Du Chayla. Magicienne and Assistance are gone to an anchorage off Chinhae^Nihi line, near Kinfang Island, where the British squadron will rendezvous, to recruit the sick and wounded, The Hesper arrived yesterday from the li alf on the 8th. The Admiral in the Chesapeake was waiting until the disabled gunboats were ready to accompany him to the rendezvous. 'J rio Highflyer was to leave on the 8th for II rights, under sail, where she will take her Union again as guard ship. The Cruiser and two gunboats will remain in the Gulf. The American Mine ter wa> holding communication ttitlitt!w-Uhiiii>,B oAil'ul-iit it more. northern entrance to this Peiltu. it is expected, he will proceed to Peking. The Vang-t^oanit-od yc-.tcid.vy1,biiuging the mail of the 25th May. She will iWo area on Saturday morning at day-light, from Woosung, 'We hope to have our next number of the North ' China Herald ready to transmit by her Horace Rumbold, Esq., and Le Comte Kleoz kowski, Secretaries of the British and French . Legation proceed by this mail with dispatches for their respective Governments. Ibid, July 14. 