EFFECTS OK NOX-ltEI'KESEXTATION No plare will derive greater aJranls^o frnm the operation of the Ilefunn Bill than Tarrangowrr, and in M di>trid will iu braefit be m&re; evident. The fact of apportioning a member to Maidoo, and that admitting the claims of the tmuhip and neighborly] to consideration, tronld aluoe he TalnaUc, Imt from the senriees of an aetivc and intellip<nt represeotatire, the most palpable gu»d will remit. For example, if we bad been N pMKi'rf of sveh a raltuble property as a. rcprcua'jtirc in the Atvnliljr, docs anj one that oorlelegrapb communication with Castlemaine, and thereby with Sandhurst, Ballarat, Molbourne, fee , woald hare been delayed f»r a twelrcni»ntb. A few i)ac*tion» a>tcd in tbe limue would hare had a magie effect in expediting the htinev rcfcrrr l to, * and if it were wleiv f>r the partvwe of d«it{ a pertinaeions tnembcr'a muatb, the drrirrd end would probably hare been achieve I. A (Tain, on the Estimate* being submit t*d, wit limit tbe lea.«t prorisinn being made fur Mald->n, the hypothetical memHer would probably hare seenred a fair share of tbe loarcx and in the shape of grants fur public works, which are now divided ani-rngst the more fortnnaip localitic* who can bring their elaims forward by their reprcMotatire. H'ith respect b o<ir iwl throngh the township, or rather the N-. i<»vemment road to Maryborough, Danoily, Ancj, and I'ic other nn^lilioriB; fields, tlionjfh thetnwm<bipofMalduu liubreulaid out for fonr jrear*, tlongh, daring that time, more or less g.>ld has Iron c-in»tautly obtained, and a largo figedp^palation of abont fiOOOperson?, reridcr in the ti-iglil»rli>yl, th»ngh the geneeral n> . i-n .to of th? cjluny has been largely contributed to l.jr TarracgoKcr, i^till, a* we have remarked in former i>n«,Dol mm single jrtiiiy has b?en laid oat in improving the roads, in ereciing bridges, in anything in faet, aave and except ths erectitn of a wooden Cjort <£ 1'cf.y 8o»ions, a Warden and gold- ivecirer's qiarien, a l.»g lock-op, and one of the patent ramp orccs fur baking policcmcn in. The Mcnicipal Coaceil, for we are p» mmj oftneh a lunj, cannot aid a*, a* tbejr have no right to f >rm the main road* of the plaee, whira fall to the task of the Government, who lory tolls thereon when tbey are . arc raide. We hare nat had any member to speak en fir os on tbe subject, though we nominally possess two, Messrs. S/me and Oven*, who, under the old arrangement, have d-.tir- the leg'slative (w alwat 20,«W pctwm at ioi<l;tlini« representative* hare,from ignorance of tbe various wants, or negligenee of the e difrrM intereits, not been so vigilant on bcha'f of their nameroos ejn»titaents u they might lis re bsea. Mr. Sjme, more particolarly, has had hit time ra fully occupied in attending to the backsliding! of the pntnl Conrswat thai w* not foel sarprised at that monomania cngroning all his attention to the exclusion of bis constitacoU Pr. Owens has been too deeply buried in the mystefiss of puddling to be able to glance at this outer world, he. therefore, har prayed to be exensed, and has most honorably refa»?J to gain popularity on Tamngower bv bring one whit more active in bis Maidoo onstitnents behalf than hi* bilioo* eoadiutor The Talbot tnemhm, Mefsn. Aspinall and Blair, thcragh thej might be reasonably expected in come measure to attend to the wants of at least parts of the Tarrangower .district, as being in their doctoral division, have bt?n gloriously indifferent. The one entombed himself in the pagw of the JTrraU, the other has «oaghtand obtained the homage of Maryborough at the ex pen jo of all hU other consti taenia. By the way, there is another subject that dmtnds attention which we had almost omitted to notice, and that is the reply ' receirei by tbe Municipal Council last week in answer to their application for a grant to-, wards the establishment uf a Maidoo hospital. It will be seen on reference to our report of the'Council proceedings that the reason assigned for not complying with the request it, because tbe Council did not apply earlier, in fact, before the estimates were framed. Thin is a most unfortunate excuse, as it happens that ot i of tbe Councils very finstproceediuys e-was to cocnannisate with the Government on the Mt Kibjaet, this most hiT6 beeu ibost T H E T A M T A F L G October last, and before the ertimatcs wtn snbmttted at all to the Assembly, But il ia as ewd a9 apo^ivy as an; other thal eould be pat &mrd;, and a* there i* oo <«e to eoutnrrert it in the proper plaoe, 01 mi needs U soffiocnt for toamberieas MaUco, and for another twelve months at Inut no grant ia aid tt this object can be fnemi All the sabacriptioos proichcd, all the funds raised by amateur dramatic oc other performances, can be laid by for that time simply becaua wa had no one to atge onr r-lsim (or mh an institution, which to all persona capaUe of S • forning aa opinion mast be evident. IV. Owen*, when a teslimooial was bJkal abowt, talked in return aWutwbat haWadd 6? frf, the district in the matters ahore alluded to, Inl nothing ever ranic of the talk on either side. Next month, butntr, the present Assembly will give op tbe ghost, it the rnceeeding month prolwMy we shall be called on to elect a member of our wn «itWt being obliged to hang on the Airb of either the l/>4i« or the Talbot MOtliUKDcid, and it i« to be hntied that we may choose the right man for the right |dsce. We want a man U> represent us who has both ability to stmU what we require and who can command soSeieat respect to gain a bearing ; oar jost has proved what we can lose thn<«gh not being repmwnted, our future will show what we shall gain by posmsing a member. We wish particularly to again draw attention to the fact, and hope that one will I* returned who will prove himwlf folly equal to the duties he will have to discharge. 