j vroTT T n rrfil> cm n A 7 OTFI.T^ LSIT TO THH-GOLD-FfJiLUfa, After a cup of eoffce at Morrison's, we started fcr the gold-fields at 5 a m., ia Smith's well-appointed conveyance; reached the Stoney Creek at 7, breakfasted, pushed on, and arrived at Fingal (one of the most beautifully situated townships in the colony), at 12, after luncheon at Duncan's, we chartered a gig, and in less than an hour after we were at the Nook. We found a goodly number of diggers, all of whom seemed contented, and well satisfied. No complaints :—they did not boast that they were making pile • but they all admitted that they were earning a crust. Tbe Midland Company's Chilian Mill and stampers were not at work, in consequence of the whole strength of the party being employed in forwarding the works in connection with the new machinery, which will consist of two twenty-four horse-power steam engines, working three King and Rowland's patent revolving stamper batteries, and six amalgamators. These are of a new coBstruction, are said to be very effective, and arc the inventions of Mr. Mauduit, the intelligent manager of the company. Tbe machinery is plaecd at tbe entrance to Sailor's Gully, and about thirty chains from the reef, that is the reef which has lately been opened by this Compauy, it was pursued near the surface, in Sailor's Gully; it extends upwards, and north-westerly right across a spur of tbe mountain, say five hundred feet high, and has been traced iBxt-or , 'ST1ar^Ss^Muflyr"''i'llc n ree? varies much in thickness, and also in quality. The workings arc by horizontal drives, or adits, into the side of the hill at various levels, each of those aro to be supplied with an iron rail, nag and trucks, to convey the ore to the shoot. Persons unacquainted with atiy of tbe processes of Qaartz Mining, would be perfectly astonished at the magnitude and consequent expense of their works —from a platform on tbe hill side, a wooden shoot or large trough will be placed, by which means the ore will be sent down to a lower level; it will be received on a large and very strong raised platform, in the centre of which a hopper will be formed, from this te the machiuery a road has been cut, and a modern tramway is being laid; the trucks will pass under the platform, take in tboir loads, and after passing down the tramway will discharge on a platform at the works raised just above the mouths of the Stamper Mattery, so aa to keep up a continuous force with the least possible labor. Provision is made for effectually getting rid of the tailings, which will be conveyed by troughing into a dry creek and on to the low lands in front of the works. This will cause a great saving of labor - in Port Phillip clearing tlie tailings is a heavy item at most of the crushing establishments. The works will receive a water supply by means of a liue of nearly a mile of wood troughing from the Bcu Lomond Rivulet; the reservoir or head has been 6ccured by the construction of t'vo dams on the rivulet, which at this placo separates into two streams. The troughing is laid in places on the ground, in places in the ground, and in others it is supported on trcssells from three to eight feet high. No provision has yet been mado for calcining the ore, it being tbe intention of the Manager to crush without burning. The machinery, when complete, is calculated to crush thrcn hundred tons per week. The estimated cost is about £7000, to this must be added tbe cost of the works mentioned in this paper, as well as the expense of crecting houses for the manager, the storekeeper, and the men, stores, shops, office, assay house, &c;, &c;, which may be put down at from £3000 to £4000. Tho machinery is placed in a very central position, so that when tbe Company commence crushing for hire, and the miners commence getting quartz on their own hook, it can easily be carted from any of the numerous adjoining reefs. The contractors for supplying and erecting the maohinery are Messrs Russell of Sydney. Alretdy a considerable portion of it is on the ground, and more is arriving every day. A large staff of men arc employed preparing for the erection, and all day long may be heard "The clash of busy hammera closing rivets up." The management is confided to Mr. Collins, and two foremen of works, Messrs. Brown and Taylor, all of whom seem most oneigetio, each ia bis own department. The buildings to enclose and protect tho michiuery, is to be erected by Mr. Bolland, of Launceston. Dr. Otway, the Manager of the Southern Company is steadily progresssng in opening what appears to be an excellent reef, and he will have a good deal of ore ready for experiment by the time the testing apparatus is put up— his party is very small, but this is counterbalanced by a continuous night and day progress, the men working in shifts of eight hours each party, so that for so small a number of bands, the amount of work done is very great. The Doctor (who, by tbe bye, is becoming quite a favorite among the diggers) is very sanguine of ultimate suocess. Mr. Ncving, the Manager of the Northern Compauy, had arrived at Fingal, en route to the Black Boy, te finally fix on the site for bis machiuery, which is now ready for transit in Launceston. The Gold Commissioner, we understood, was at the Black Boy for the purpose of putting the Hobart Town Company into possession of Tcasdale's Beef, which has been transferred to them by the discoverer, he receiving a bonuB of £100, and two thirty-seconds of t])e profits. I only state this as the gossip of the diggings. Mr. Thomas, the District Surveyor, has completed the marking off the township lots, and is now surveying tbe sections some time since purchased. By tho bye,% what a pity it is that a sufficient number of native names could not have been found for the streets in the township of " Mangana;" just fancy Elizabeth, Liverpool, Macquarie, and Melville, Davey, Augusta, a»d Argylestrcets, instead of the sweetly sounding and euphonious Ringaroomas, Triabunnas, Woolloomooloos, Meni Menis, Burra Burra, and a hundred others; Mangana is the native name for the South Esk River. How much better, then, weuld it have been to have selected names of warriors of tribes, of places, and thus, in some measure, have perpetuated on our spot native associations and names, such, for instance, as— Narramunna (yes). Poora, poora-nah (bark of a tree). Warratinna (Firmament, sky)., Mungunna (Fish). Warrawana (Ghost). Pratteratta (Hail). Wectaboona (Halo). Toorbunna (Ben Lomond). Muuamata (Lagoon on ditto). 