NEW ENGLAND GOLD FIELDS. THE ROCKY RIVER. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. HAVING SO many political matters on hand this week, I can't find room for mining matters. MEETING ON SATURDAY NIGHT. According to notice, this meeting came off, at 8 o'clock in the evening, at the Free masons' Arms, Mount Welsh Gully, on election business. The host, as usual in his own house, took the chair, and informed the meeting that Mr. Parkes had replied to the requisition that he was unable to accept the honour in consequent**^ being a candi date for Sydney East/ butXin reply to the request conveyed n tht requisition, without attempting to ini uenqe the (electors in the choice of a cant idat(L be would suggest that Mr. Hargra es, fflie golfi discoverer (a thorough Liberal! from hisl-own personal knowledge), would be et propir representa tive of the mining intWestJ After a few further remarks by th^ffhairman, Mr. Thos. Gullidge proposed Mr. T. G. Rusden as a fit and proper person to represent the Northern gold fields. The motion was seconded by David Alexander, but as the only supporters were the mover and se conder the motion, like the end of a candle, flared up and was extinguished. Mr. Ma dras then proposed Mr. E. H. Hargrave as a fit and proper person to represent the diggers, but that gentleman being consi dered so great a muff, no one seemed to warm bis hands on him. After a boister ous discussion on political affairs in general, Mr. Hayes proposed a Sydney young gen tleman named Mr. James Macnamara, of the Wharf, but it seemed to me, from the opinion of the meeting, that the craft in question had better put to sea, for there is no chance of its finding moorings in the Northern district. However, Mr. Leece seconded Mr. Macnamara, and said the electors ought to be very cautious before pledging themselves to any candidate ere his political creed was thoroughly under ! stood, particularly his opinion on the all important question of the Land Bill. If the gentleman proposed expressed himself as an out-and-out Liberal-one who would identify himself with the progress of the colony-he would have great pleasure in seconding his nomination. However, with out pledging himself to support the candi date, be would await an exposition of his views. Mr. Williams, at his own sugges tion, was then requested to write to Mr. Macnamara, inviting bim to state his poli tical opinions. Mr. Williams then vacated the chair, and Mr. Leece was voted into it, when the usual vote of thanks was given to the previous occupant, and the meeting adjourned from the theatre to the bar, to enjoy Mr. Hayes's liberal shouts. Many pleasing scenes occur occasionally on these diggings* Last Monday a few of our energetic " pater familias" men mus tered early, at the Bank of N. S. W., which building the school committee liad purchased for the purpose of re- erecting it as a school-room. The quick manner in which the building was pulled down and removed to the site intended for the future school-room proved that the Rockyites can build a slab hut, if they have not intellect enough for education. Although I have been exceedingly par ticular in reporting the " would-be" public meeting, one of the unobtrusive class at tended none of them, but in our own social circle a meeting more numerously attended, sifting the various dogmas and candidates of the day, was convened. In the other meetings there was a general complaint of thirstiness and a want of decanters: on our table there were bottles without number and talent beyond transcendental moonshine. It would occupy too much room in your columns to repeat the eloquence of the speeches then delivered and the merits of the candidates, when the intellectual hilarity of the meeting was disturbed by the frantic j apparition of an excited teacher, who rushed j into the room with a Collins' axe in hand, j with the intention of putting a finality to j your "special correspondent," exclaiming j that he must be in the adolescence of old j age when letters so insulting were addressed i to him, styling him the " Barnumof Hum- j bug" and the voluntary postman under the influence of Bacchus (vide our other corres- I pondent). The meeting was taken aghast at the appearance of thephantom, and a party declared that he would be a veritable ghost ! in future ere be should be rescued from a Sydney Flat shaft again. The recollection of the rigid temperature of the water in the ; shaft brought the schoolmaster to his senses, and he was happy to imbibe a nobbier to restore animation to bis quivering limbs, and "then he hooked it." I have written an article on Chinese con version, the gist of which is that the con verts are beginning to convert their teacher, who to a young celestial in his last lecture said, " Verily, thy questions will learn me to become a Christian myself.*" More of this seriously in future; and, as Dr. Alex ander, of Wellingrove, says, quoting from an unknown tongue-" Au revoir a le present, sur occasion future, je donnerai une pleine exposition de mes politiques." During the night of Friday last tlie store of Mr. Privitera, our celebrated barber, was entered, and goods and money to the value of £12 stolen from the premises. The thief must have been very daring, as he forced his way through the bark near Pri vitera's bed. If Privitera bad been awake, his two loaded revolvers might have given a salutary lesson to the housebreaker. Rocky Diggings, 7th June, 1859. [FROM ANOTHER CORRESPONDENT.] ON Saturday evening last a second public meeting of the electors of the Rocky River was held at the Freemasons" Arms Hotel. Mr. Thomas Williams was again called to the chair. i The Chairman, in opening the business ' of the meeting, stated that he had hurriedly called them together, as he had upon the j previous evening received a communication i from Mr. Henry Parkes, and he had lost I no time in making it as public as possible. I He was happy to see so many electors at tend to his hasty summons. He would now read the letter, and they could form their own conclusions. Mr. Parkes, after acknowledging the receipt of his letter, wrote: -" I be.z you will assure the^iectors of your district that I am deeply sensible of this gratifying mark of their confidence, and convey to them my regret that I must de cline being put in nomination as a candidate for their representation. I «m already a candidate for the Eastern division of the city of Sydney, and as I have on former occasions been twice elected for the metropolis, I have no reason to be lieve that I have lost the confidence of my old constituents. I do not apprehend that the present contest will result in my defeat. As a member of the Assembly-let me sit for . what constituency I may-£ shall al ways feel a warm interest in the prosperity of the gold fields and of the digging popula tion, and shall at all times be glad to serve them." In answer to a portion of a private letter from Mr. Williams, requesting Mr. Parkes to throw out a suggestion as to a likely candidate to represent the diggers, Mr. P. strongly recommended Mr. Edward Hammond Hargraves. the gold discoverer, as a man of fine qualities, a thorough and well-informed Liberal in politics, and one who would make an energetic member. A great deal of desultory conversation followed, when the following resolution was put to the meeting and carried unani mously :-" That a letter he written by the Chairman to Mr. Parkes, thanking him for his courtesy and punctualit}- in responding to the communication forwarded from the Rocky River requesting him to consent to be placed in nomination for the electorate of the Northern gold fields,"* &c.; A motion wns then made in respect to Mr. T. G. Rusden, but only two hands were held up for it. It was then proposed by Mr. Michael Hayes, in a lengthy speech, and.seconded bv Mr. J. De Leece, that Mr. James Macnamara, of the Wharf, Sydney, was a fit and proper person to represent the Northern gold fields, whicii was f.arieJ 5>y a Urge majority. The next resolution was as follows:-? " That the Chairman write to Mr. Macna mara, informing him of the above resolution, and requesting an explanation of his politi cal opinions." The Chairman wrote the letter, and read it to the meeting, when it was approved of. A vote of thanks was then passed to the Chairman, with vociferous cheers; and after Mr. Williams had replied the meeting, which was pretty numerous and well con ducted, quietly separated. Rocky River, 7th June, 1859. 