:Mugs frssr X%sty, ENGLAND, FRANCE, AND ITALY. Am.-—'M Partant pour 2a Syricf* Woaldst thou, Loois Napoleon, Have England go with thee, Ana make thy policy our own. Concerning Italy? it, fir^t the boon on France Of liberty bestow, With thee then England will advance. As far as thon canst go. Restore the freedom ordebate, IJnchain the shackled press; The guiltless exiles reinstate. — And grant the robbed redress. k?_Pr ^sthood tj domineering band Within due bounds restrain. And o er all sects, with even hand, Impartial monarch reign. Whene'er United Italy J*aU France's help invoke In bhaking off the Papacy As well to take her p.irt» And thou wilt all tnlc £„g;isilmeI1 Have witii thee, hand and heart. Thine empire constitutional If thou wilt only make Our interests with thine we shall Delighted be to stake; The Tricolour and Union Jack In filing will agree; And Ens-land with free France will back United Italy. _ Lp'"ES ON AN AUSPICIOUS EVENT. Our Princess and Prussia's has cot a fine bov And two nations are shouting " Uoor.-y !"' r ^ullr ^,au:ca^e express in a poem our joy9 Is there nothing at ill he can say ? k®' trT. H>en- Sing, Albert is now a'Grandsire, Come, none of your gibes and yourtannts: Our Princes are Uncles. Princesses acquire, How jolly t the title of Aunts. ~ King thebelis, fire the guns, light the lamps, let fihe Into day turn 1U - night of our towns; ^ **' For the happy event which hJS just come to pass ™ T'L,UT?! V™ prCit P otestant Crowns. Ob . blest is the Unc'e, with yvars who unbent. Hears is nephew saluted as " Pa " A Groat Grandmoihor now is the Duchess of Kent, And tue Queen-ihiuk of that!—Grandmamma! THE WILD UOUS -iAN. There s a legend of the woodlands—you may travel where you wilt— YouU bearitoa Norse ffeld and fiord, on pine-cr'Wn'd Tyrol hill; By the charcoalburaer's fire, in the Schwartzwald's firry glades; In Palermo s scented gardens, under vine and orange shades. By many names the legend goes, hut still its theme's I the same— Of a wicked lord, who in his life too well had loved the game; . And so upheld the forest-laws, so bloody and so grim, I That his ghost still rides the night as though the fiends 1 were hunting him. And when the '-rild hunt p isses through the dark and troubled air. With bay of hound and hunting-cry, and hunting horn's shrill blare, Then wicked lords grow pale, and think of prosecuted I poachers, And crop* and fields whereon their game and hounds 1 have been encroachers. But little did men think, within St. Stephen's blessed pale. To see tbe apparition of this wild and wondrous tale; Amid the Bude lights burning-*-and members looking I —blue, To witness the Wild Horsman, sweep the House of I Commons through. He rode a horse of blood and bone, of whip nor spur was slack. And fiercely bayed behind him the hungry Whittling pack; He crash'd athwart Whig fences; adown Whig facts i he rode, | As one th-it, in his hunting days, front of the field had | showed. ! He had been a great Whig hunter; too well had loved i the game. And all m:ght note the quaking of the lords that did the same ; As the Wild Horsman from the clouds of night so fiercely bore, Striking terror to their marrows, that rode with him of yore. Then may the Saints assoil him. and assuage this Horsman's fate. And may his ancient friends in sin repent ere 'tis too late. And remember while they're running down their game with fierce halloo, That the hunter may be hunted, ay—and made game cf, too. OUR ADMIRALTY TINKERS. The Lord C. Paget, in a speech upon the shipbuilding department of the Navy, is reported to have said:— "He did not think the House had the smallest notion of what had been goiug ou iu our dockyards in the way of tinkering vessels; amputating them, and performing all sorts of surgical opi-rations upon them. Their beads and tails were cut off, they were sa*n asuuder. they were maltreated in cv«ry possible way. Take tbe case of a three dicker, the Howe, 121 guns. She "Was laid down only la>t year, or Use winter before, but the dockyard pr-ople were nowpu'lrog herdowo to put a new bow upou her. Another c:>se was that of tbe Immortality, a 3 i-guu frigate now being built at Pembroke. That uufortuuate .ship had undergone a deal of trouble. She was 6r«?t of all lengthened amicishipe. Last year orders went down from the AomiraHy to Icugibeu ber five feet by the bow. It was represented th-t to lengthen a Jrigate fiv* feet by the bow would have no effect what ever ; bat the authorities were inexorable, their orders were reiterated, and the poor ship was lengthened five feet by the bow. The result was, as might be naturally supposed, that either the First Lord himself, with his fine nautical eye, or some other member, of the Ad miralty Board, saw upon visiting her that she was not fit to go to sea, and ordered her to be pulled down a vain and lengthened lo feet. So the iLyra, the Racer and other noble vessels, beg&ti; !Ue at 450 ton?, but they* gradually grew in siza until they arrived at 750 tons, when they were launched. Such instances of official • luu. ering would be amusing, if it were noc so costly. But tbe fact was, that scarcely a ship went to sea without costing far more thau the sum fixed by the estimates as the cost of her construction." Head and tail cut off 1 —Savvu asunder in amidships !— inside taken out iu order to be lengthened!—of a truth a ship may be we'-l called the Immortality if she can survive such cruel surgery as thi?. No wonder we hear stories of the weakness of our N*vy, when our poor ships are undergoirg such frequent amputations. A maii-or-war must have the cons irutfou of a sea-horse, ia order to b^arup when being "puUeddown" so c»,u tinuallj. The House should clearly Interfere for the prevention of £ueh cruellies; indeed the House, we think, should pa* 6 a vote of censure on iteelf, for not having a long while since taken steps to put a stop to them. The House may try to shield itself by saying that what Lord Paget *■ thought" of it was true; and that, until he spoke, it" had not the slightest notion" of what went ou io our dockyards. But this is clearly no excuse. If the House had read its Punch, it would not have been so ignorant. Over and over again has Punch directed public notice to the way in which our Admiralty tinkers go to work, and how the ships they try to tiuker go. naturally, to pot. Over and over again has Mr. Punch's cudgel beau laid across the shoulders of tic Admiralty Board, and brought an empty echo from the wooden heads whereof that Board is aptly constituted. If tbe House would read its Punch, no one would ever" thmk'r it ignorant of anything whatever which ought to know; aud " what goes on in our dockyards" is cue of the things clearly which it ought to know. The House is for the Commons,' and it ought to have a knowledge of the commonest of things. Ships cat down, and then cut up, are common things enough; and being such, it was the duty of the liou^e to have made itself ac quainted with them. Having knowledge of such things, it was clearly then tbe duty of the House to put its veto ou them. Correctiy viewed, the House is the overseer of the Government; and it is the duty of the House to see that Government does its duty. Tin kering ships to pieces, and making new ship* into old ones, is veiy obviously, we think, not the duly of the Government. Such blunde s might be laughed at. but we can't afford to laugh at them. A s critics we might certainly contrive to be "amused"hv them; butas tax payers, the laugh is on the wrong 6ide of our mouths. We request, then, iu all seriousness, that th°Hou*e will keep its eye upon our Admiralty linkers. As tiuke s proper have a knack of damaging tew kettles, and knocking hoi s -in them raere.y for the bake of mending them, so our Admiralty tinkers pull new Bliips to pieces, merely for the sake, it seems, of putting them together again. Now this may be fun to them, but it is death to us who have to pay the cost of it; and we therefore ask the House to Keep its eye upon our tinkers, and, when it sees them go to work on a new ship, to interfere at once aud u st .p dat knocking" of its bottom out. This we feel assured might very easily be done. "When the Naval Estimates are brought before the House, we would have the House refuse to pass a vote for tbe supp'ies until the Government passed its word that they should not be wasted. There is very little doubt that Jiy a stoppage of the tin. the House might pretty soonput a stopper on the tinkering. WORKING-MAN WORSHIP, (Popular 31. P., loquitur) We may differ in some things—may differ ia all. We are sonic for the factory—some for the hall; We may look up to cotton, or on it look down— A President wish for, or rov'rence the C.oivu; Bat (so long as to office assist us he can) We all love and respect, sir, the true working man Yes ! all other titles we pi »ce under 1 an, For the high:st of lords lips—my Lord Working Man. Some may say that respect would by truth be bes shown, That those wish you best who your faults would make known; That to fawn and to flatter it not so like friends, As like those who would use you to help their own ends. Such assertions as these class-distrust can but fan. Which should ne'er stand between and you, working man I Yes—Whig, Tory, Radical—none of us can Fiud a blemish in you, my revered working man! You may ask, why our worship's invariably paM, At the moment our pirty's iu ueed of your aid ? Why we leave you unpuffM, to your pipe and your pot? Till, by puffing you, something, it seems, can be got ? Sucb questions as these l?t him aisswer that can j We should wish to avoid them, my dear working man. But «c surely most be your best friends, who began. To stand forth as your shoe-blacks and slaves, working man FATHER." Men newly raised to honour* used to bo described by old heraldic writers as "sons of their work." On this principle will Sir tV. Armstrong take it as an offence to be styled "sou of a sou ?" POLITICAL ANTISEPTIC. One dement which is much to he derired, but ?s nc-t to be found in any cf the proposed mt asnres of reform, is something like Falconi's powder that will prevent cor ruption. THE SPREAD OF SINGLE BLESSEDNESS. Paterfommas, who reads his Times daily, knows that the column of marriages continues to be remarkable for its brevity. The decline of matrimony reported by the Registrar-General was not merely s temporary thing, then, but is still preceding.. No other th-ory has been advanced to account for it but that already proposed by Mr. Punch., which the parties concerned, namely. Pater familias, himself; and MaterfamiUas, if their family bom prises daughters, aud perhaps a'so the daughters them selves, may as well take into their serious consideration —for facts are confirming It. . Beauty, overclothcd, ceases to exert influence, and a growing indifference on the part of mankind towards the fair sex has resulted from the fashion which bes ob scured ladies iu their dresses, and Baimoralized female society, SYMPTOMS OF HARD READING ! Student—'"Oh, Mary! hare you taken op tbe lamp and the cigars?" Mary—"Yes. Sir," Student—"And the whisky, and tbe sugar, the lemon, aud boiling water ?" Mary—-"Yes, Sir!" Student—"Then come, Jock I suppose we go into the study! 