FATHER GAVAZZI ON THE LAST FOUR POPES (FROM, THE ATHENAEUM.) near both parties. Cardinal Wiseman has told his tale, and an English audience has heard him with respect. But if a Cardinal may preach from the ball of St. Peter's, why may not a star preach from the step.? Padre Qavr-îzl claims the authority of personal knowledge. He was not, he says, an importa- tion Into Rome, like other parties. He was a Fenian subject born. This fact constitutes for him a title to be heard on the subject of the "Last Four Popes." He speaks of his own country, of men with whom holes served, and of institutions which' have made him what he is. Padre Govern begins with his first entry is a youth from Tuscany into the Roman territory in "Leaving the Tuscan frontiers, we enter within the limits of the Roman State?, where the Pope commands as priest krug. Welara now at itadiçofoni. What is the sign by which the traveller perceives that he has entered the dominions of the punts? The appearance of squalor, poverty, and wretched nets, which surrounds him on every hand., A mile before he was in a country of rich crops, beautiful verdure, and smiling aspect; its neat villages betokened ease and content; the peasants' houses were simple, it is true, but clean and comfortable. He met shepherds Improv laing the poetry of nature, and pea-anteases plaiting hats of straw double guarantee of a life passed in innocence and industry, How can it be that he has scarcely got his foot on clerical soil when the aspect of the scene suddenly changes and becomes at once harsh, wild, and desolate? Is it the change of soil V No, it is the same. OF climate? No, it is the name. Of language? No, it is the same. What, then, produce a tendencies and conditions so different? I know not if the reader has ever traversed the Appenines which divide Piedmont from the Genoese territory at the point called Giovi. If, on leaving Turin in the middle of of January, he can accomplish the journey to the top of these mountains, in spite of perpetual blasts, clouds, snow, and ice, when once he begins to descend towards San Pia. d'Arena it seems to him as if a wall o' mountains divided two antipodes. The find; himself, as by enchantment, beneath t firmament of serene and tepid light, car rounded by a fragrant spring time of violets anemones, rannnculusses, jonquils, and hyacinths, the dust rising in volumes beneath the wheels of his vehicle. In a word, he is in a different country. This may easily be explained. Beyond Oiovi, the north wind of the Alps relgnB; south, the soft wind of the Mediterranean. But the difference between the Tuscan and the Roman States had no marked by Alps or seas, but by a simple barrier called the custom-house. The difference, therefore, of life, or rather existence, of of the two countries, must be ascribed to it! true cause that is, to the difference in their respective Governments." This is eloquently put. Now we travel with the Padre on the road towards Borne. He is a remark, made by every traveller from Vienna to some though not always made with the same emphasis or significance : " To say, with the singer of Venosta, the fear of the Brigands travelled with as would lead repetition of what Wiseman was unable to suppress in his reminiscences. But why was not this fear felt in Tuscany ?" ' We turn for Padre GavazaS's answer to his own question to a chapter marked Brigand, vii ere we find that he boldly attributes the prevalence of this peculiar Italian crime t the priests and Jesuits. Says the corrector c Dr. Wiseman : ' " At the extremity of Italy we see the pre lector of the Jesuits, the drunken Ferdinand of Naples, honoring a Fra Diavolo with corr rn and and favors, hiring his Guerilla' < brigands put sang the priests swelling the ranks not only by means of their preacher but also with their persons. History is transmitted tons, among the names, of ti followers of Fra Diavolo. the father of the present Cardinal Antonelli, a brigand of the. Hist stamp; who, upon escaping from prison when on the eve of being hung in the real' quality of brigand and as the receiver of the stolen spoils by the other brigade, went I join the ranks of the friends of order and the priests. On the return of Pius VII. ( Borne he was rewarded, with a pension for himself and appointments for his worthy son But the priests did more for their dear brigands. They actually created them in the Northern States, where they did not t x'tBt unto before, Thus the mountainous districts of rr TintivfiTtnlormn. and even its smiling yellow then noted for their tranqnllhospitable demeanor, weresuddenlytransformed into the theatre of armaments and depredations, under the pretence of raising these impromptu satellites to the honor of patriotic guerillas. But such they were not. Their country was not their object, they fought only for the priests. They certainly were not esteemed as guerillas by the French rulers, who, instead of judging them according to the rules of war, ruthlessly applied to them their Draconian code. Numbers of them were condemned to death, and among them many priests who, not content with having impressed several of the inhabitants of the country into the ranks of brigandage, and importing brigands from the South, themselves united with them, in order to maintain their fanaticism, and to sanctify assassination. In but a single case which I remember, two of those priests were found innocent. They were parish priests of a mountain district, and were accused of having sheltered, fed, and encouraged a band of brigands then under trial. All were condemned alike to death. My father, defended the two priests, in whose behalf he in vain expended all the forensic eloquence of which he was master. It was only after the sentence of condemns- tion had been passed that one of the witnesses for the accusation burst into tears,, the effect of pit? and remorse. Mytfatker at once guessed the cause of this excitement, and, addressing him with severity, obtained from him the retractation of his testimony, and his confession of the innocence of the priest?, who, at the instance of their defender, were absolved and liberated." " Dr. Wiseman, as our readers may, recollect, declares that the brigandage of Italy - mean! as that of the Roman States, for the crime is all but unknown in Piedmont, in the Austrian States, and under the dominion of the Grand Duke must be attributed to the disturbance of Ecclety caused by war and revolu- tion. Do not, he begs in effect, blame the Pontifical Government for accidents. Brigand ago to an abnormal condition of the Roman States peace, happiness, and moral virtue, the normal condition. Padre Guvazzi is of a very different opinion. He acquits the French and the republicans alike, of being the cause of brigandage, and indeed this part of his answer to the Cardinal will strike most . My Recollections of the Last Four Popes, and of g Ern on their lives. An Athens to Dr. Wiseman, J, J. AJostaud«? Cayzer, (í'ariiidgeaaej (ft, ,! 1 leaders as. triumphant and complete." " HJ puts a few picturesque questions: When brigandage under Gregory XVI. had reached such a pass that subjects begged permission to wear arms to defend themselves from Its attack, was this the consequence of an abnormal' or 'normal' condition 2, And when the impudence of the brigands, prs hourly to 1846, had risen to such an extent that no one dared to leave the towns for their summer country residences, for fear official declared off by these hordes, and forced to pay enormous same as the price of ransom, was this the fruit of a disturbance of public order by revolution'? Was it not rather the natural fruit of the Papal govt nment ? 13s Wiseman write so many novels as he likes, as favor his flock" with as many Fabioln at bo pieces; Such productions admit not only of the improbable, but also of the absurd, for which he seems to have a mesial aptitude by nature. But let him not write history, which demands judgment and exacti- tude ; but, above all, let him never phrase phire, if when raising his hand to hernia in in the spot designed to discernment, instead of a protuberance he should find a hollow. In proof of this he tells us that a system somewhat similar to that already detailed lins revived, but more in the nottberp'pro vinces. 'I would just like him for the explana- son of one or two facts out of a hundred. When a band of masked brigands, in October last, between Civita Vecchia and Borne attacked the venture which was laden with a most Catholic burden of bishops, priests 1 paludluB, perverts or proselytes, both from America and England, robbed them of their valuables and , beat some 1 mo3 undevoutly, were these the likenesses o I brigands or brigands in reality?) Way their attack made in the northern provinces or in the southern? LetWiflomai answer. When, for the first time in the annals of railroad travelling, but a few months so, brigands attacked the train between Rome and Frascati, on a Sunday, only four miles distant from the Papal metropolis, am in ?»'"'twinkling relieved several hundred orishoratio exomaioniatd of their jeweller and money, were these the shades of brigand or brigands in flesh and ble id, exercising the) honest calling under the meridional nose c his Holiness? Let Wiseman say. When of last Good Friday the brigand 'Vendetta stole the Mr-donna of Velletri from he sanctuary in the cathedral, carried her on; to h gave (a Madonna compelled to associate with brigands I) and demanded, as the condition of her return, impunity for himself, seven thousand Scud!, and the life of his brother, condemned to death for small traffic, was this the ghost of a brigade which made its appearance to frighten at northern provinces, 'or a palpable brigand who descended to enliven the court bei Roman States with his desireable perform duties under the sweet and grateful name i Vendetta'?" ! We rendered to our readers, from) On final Wiseman's " Recollections," an actor of the unctuous description in which he d lights to revive for EngliSh see pictures of a! great ceremonials of the Church, We might add to these pictures Padre Gavazel's desert tion of a Conclave, the great meeting Cardinals on the death of a Pontiff, I T picture is taken from the force rather 'than .' A few hours after the termination of the ceremonial, in the evening of the follow tug day, (he cardinals set out from the Church of the Novitiate of the Theatine, called St. Gaetano, surrounded by pomp, which, If not totally began, is certainly wholly worldly, and In precession enter the Quirinal palace, which is prepared for the use of conclave. It is daring these Novenali that the Romans abandon themselves to their peEqmnrides-u species of popular satire in which they are unrivalled. These effusions prove the estimation in which conclave is held by the citizens of Borne. It would be impossible to convey any idea of the variety of these popular productions, so numerous and the, all of which, more or less, bear the impress of wit and originality. To con- fine myself to a few of them which circulated at the death of Leo, I remember one which compared conclave to present. The reader should know that presence, among the papist?, especially of the South, is a species! of panorama of little statuettes which represent the stable at Bethlehem at the moment that the shepherds adore the new-born Messiah. The cardlnallstic present was composed of the following personages Cardinal Messrs represented St. Joseph, Odescolckl the Madonna, Barberini the babe, Bernettlthe ox, Yidoni the ass. Each of the other cardinals represented the shepherds, goats, fowls, and cabbages, which Popieb. tradition present a were offered to the cradle of the Divine infant. A second masquerade likened the conclave to Noah's Ark, into which popular opinion has erroneously imagined that all the beasts entered two and two. What a miraculous coincidence that the cardinals should enter conclave two and two The masquerade assigned to each cardinal the name of some teaM with whose instincts his own most; prominently and visibly accorded. The collection v. as rich in tigers, hyenas, hippopotami, crocodiles, wolves, foxes, cats, buffaloes and donkeys, of which the Zoological Gardens might to envious, though with regard to variety they are certainly richer than the Noah's ark. A third masquerade and it shall be the last, applied to each cardinal a verse of the litany which in the stomach march is called the Major Litany (plants mayors), and in the Anglican Church, which has copied it in part, is simply called Litany, or General Supplication.' Nothing more true or appropriate can be conceived. "His it ran From the crafts and assaults of the devil, are. Cardinal Albaai, good Lord, deliver us. From plague, famine, and from battle, i.s. Cardinal Vidoni, good Lord, deliver us. From lightning and tem past, i.s. Cardinal Pccca, good Lord, deliver us, From murder and sudden death, of. Cardinal Cerretti, good Lord, deliver us, and so on the longest list, being under the titles from pride, vain glory and hypocrisy; from envy, hatred, and mallee, and all uncharitableness; fromforni lation and all other deadly sins. Such is the estimation in which the Romans hold con class, and such their respect for the electors una election of a Pope." . Every one who has read the Cardinal's book will recollect the passages on the aboli- tion by Leo the Twelfth of the raised seats i Kcted for the convenience of foreign trade. in the Papal chapels. On this point our author writes:- I " I was at Rome at the two periods of raised seats,' and seats low on the ground, and can affirm as an eye-witness that to prove Unity succeeded something worse In spite of Swiss sentinels, men often enter the place letter ved for the ladies, especially on occasion, of a great crowd, and the effect obtained is not always in accordance with indecency. The darkness in which the chapels are artificially enwrapped Is marvellously favor- able to the premeditated projects of the Ferries and Lotharios, which are not always the purest and holiest. But if the raised seats appeared to the eyes of two such an abomination in the two Papal chapels, why did he retain them in St. Giovanni di Laterano, in Santa Maria Maggiore and above all In St. Pietro di Vatican I Would Wiseman like to make me believe that the raiSed seat. in these churches were not shamefully abused,' like those in the two Papal chapels ? ' But I can testify to the con- to cry for I am not ashamed to recall the fact i but it was under Leo the Twelfth I had the opportunity for the first time in my life of admiring the surpassing beauty of the English women, prominently exhibited upon the raised platform of St. Peter, to the great delight of all beholders. I therefore express myself in moderate terms when I call the bigotry of Leo ridiculous. In truth It was rather stupid than ridiculous to remove the raised platform from the Papal chapels and leave it in the Papal churches, when the object was in both cases Identical." We need not quote more anecdotes and cor lections. What we have transferred to one columns will have shown the reader whether this be the kind of book for him to read at length. Padre Gavazzl writes as he speaks, with a flush of light and language somewhat overpowering. Italian taste in these matters is not our time. Indeed, in roundness of period and rhetorical artifice he out cardinals the Cardinal. But his facts are curious. His pictures are vivid. Wisdom remembers,, too, that it is good to hear all sides of a question SO subtle and intricate as that of priestly, domination. LIBERIA. The Daily News, in comment log on the case of the Regina Cafe, draws a most unfavorable picture of the Liberia a republic : " It may be," says our contemporary, " that some ventured into the French ship as a better place than they were leaving ; but the truth is, the free blacks from America are a mere fraction in comparison with the slaves-. Slaves too strong in mind, or too weak in body for their owner's convenience, form a part of the population of Liberia and a large portion consists of slaves emancipated on the death of their masters, who, having used them as long as life lasted, frequently left directions that, when It ceased, they should be deported to Africa, bundled out upon the shore there, like, chattels M they I i far away were," fSteanes the 'Slave States allow no- Mo negroes within (their lines. Traly dea a clerical spokesman of the planters avowtbtit in no sense whatever ideas the deportation of Araeticon slaves to Liberia interfere with that providential arrangement,' the legal relation of master and her mind, easier and batted;' and the interest of American planters In ending 'lnlarora'ro Lil Bill. and that of French colonial bloaters in referring ' laborers' from Liberia, corre enond so remarkably that too do 2 attention cannot be devoted to the coincidence. "Whence, then, the anxiety of chiefs and presidents on the spit finance the French captain Toniakeupbisnumlwon their coast? Some of the antecedents of the authorities of the Republic may throw some light on the matter. When numeral is flat, and cotton and slaves cheap in the United Slates, cargoes of helpless negroes are shovelled out on the African. coast, and there is no knowing what the with them. So few work, and there is so little work on foot, and destitution drives so many to theft, that the settlement is in a chronic state of trade and all the evils which attend upon It. Of all visitors (up to a recent time) the most welcome to the authorities were Spanish and Portuguese leaders, who would lay down doubloons and take away star vi og negroes. A large proper aim of the wool trade of the colony was carried on with Slave tra eleven; and one branch of colonial miíiuÍHCture was, some years since, sheikhs for the slave ships One of the secretaries of the colony in us for a long time in the service of s slave-trade within the territory, and the Governor afforded such facilities for slave trading that two markets actually existed cue at New gesture and another at Gallabas An for the colonists who were rich enough t Tyley labor, they frequently purchased smile!, and advised others; to do so as the only mr and of obtaining steady service. Again B'a\erscondemned atSieire. Leonohavobeei occasionally purchased by citizens at Moa jovis, through just such an agency eaOaptaii Simon may have found at his command and handed over to slave traders. These fact may enable us to see how certain Authorities in the Republic may have warmly encouraged the French scheme, and how others, or they themselves, may have been unable to derive no the escaped murderers.' " 