FACTS, FUN, AND FANCY. SMART.-A lady, describing an ill tempered man, says, 4 He never smiles bat he feels ashamed of it.' EXPERIMENTAL PHILOSOPHY.-Asking a man to lend you money. MORAL PHILO SOPHY.-Refusing to do it. * PRAY, friend, are you the master of this house ?' asked a traveller at an inn. ' Yes, sir/ answers Boniface; ( ray wife has been dead these three weeks I' AN INDISPUTABLE WILL.-A farmer made his last will and testament in words few but significant :-* I have nothing, I owe nothing, and I give the rest to the poor.' PRINTING VERSUS PUBLISHING.-A prin ter in endeavoring to explain to a young lady of his acquaintance, the difference between printing and publishing, illus trated the distinction by saying that he could print a kiss upon her lips without publishing it. WHY is a fool in high station like a man in a balloon ?-Because everybody appears little to him, and he appears little to everybody. .CABMAN'S WIT.-'Drive me to the Reform Club,' said an honourable mem ber. 4 Which Reform Club ?' said cabby; 4 Lord Derby's or Lord John's?' 1 OH, she was a jewel of a wife,' said Pat, mourning over the loss of his better half,4 she always struck me with the soft end of the mop.' LIMPING Peter Macnally, a lame at torney, wanted to be enrolled in a volun teer corps. 4 You'd never do, Peter,' said the officer to whom he applied for admis sion, 4 The more we told you to march, the more you'd halt." GETTING OFF DAUGHTERS.-The care of most people is how to get good husbands for their daughters; but my care is to fit my daughters to be good wives, and then let God provide for them. A BACHELOR'S ARGUMENT AGAINST MARRIAGE.-No single man can be fairly called poor. What double man can with certainty be called rich ? A single man can lodge in a garret, and dine on a herring; nobody knows, nobody cares. Let him marry, and he invites the world to witness where he lodges, and how he dines. The first necessary a wife de mands is the most ruinous, the most indefinite superfluity; it is gentility according to what her neighbours call genteel. Gentility commences with the honeymoon; it is its shadow, and lengthens as the moon declines. When the honey is all gone, your bride says, .We can have our tea without sugar when quite alone, love: but in case Gently drops in, here's a bill for silver sugar tongs,' That's why I'm single. jBlackwood. A LITTLE bright and thoughtful fellow of four summers awoke the other morning, and turning to his grandmother said, * Grandma, I dreamed I had a carriage last night!' 4 Did you?' said she ; 'well, what did you do with it?' ' Oh,' said he, in his thoughtful manner, * I left in the dream-house!' A WOMAN recently made an application for divorce on the ground that her husband was a fool. If that were a valid reason for divorca, lots of married women ?would be entitled to a legal separation. A BACHELOR'S TOAST.-Bachelors are not entirely lost to the refinements of sen timent, as will be seen by the following toast, offered by one of the much- abused fraternity, at a celebration : ' Ladies: sweet briars in the garden of life.' AN Irishman being asked on a recent trial, for a certificate of his marriage, bared his head, and exhibited a large scar which looked as though it had been made ?with a fire shovel, The evidence was satisfactory. A DAIRYMAN was awoke by a wag in the night, with the announcement that his best cow was choking. He forthwith jumped up to save the life of Brummie, ?when lo I he found a turnip stuck in the mouth of the pump ! AN auctioneer exclaimed, . Why, really, ladies and gentlemen, I am giving these things away !' 4 Are you ?' said an old lady ; . well, I'll thank you for the silver pitcher you have in your hand. As an evidence of the difficulty of getting any business transacted at Washington with either of the depart ments of Government, it is stated by a Washington paper of April last, that a gentleman visited one of them thirty- five times, sat waiting in the anteroom two hundred and sixty hours, and walked between bis hotel and the department fifty-one miles before his business was disposed of, and, when disposed of, his tavern hill had nearly absorbed the amount of allowance, to say nothingof the loss of time from the engagements at home. THE MISERS DOOM.-A miser being dead, fairly interred, came to the banks of the river Styx, desiring to be ferried over along with the other ghosts. Charon demanded his fare, and was sur prised to see the miser, rather than pay it, throw himself into the river and swim over to the other side, notwithstanding all the clamour and opposition that could be made to him. All Tartarus was in an uproar, and each of the judges was meditating some punishment suitable to a crime of such dangerous consequences to the infernal revenues. ' Shall he be chained to the rock along with Pro metheus ? or tremble below the prescipice in company with the Danaides ; or assist Sisyphus in rolling his stone ?' ' No,' said Linos, 4 none of these ; we must invent some severe punishment. Let him be sent back to the earth, to see the use his heirs are making of his riches.' SPURS AND REINS.-Plato is repre sented as remarking of two of his scholars (Zenocrates and Aristotle) that the former needed spurs and the latter reins. Here we have the types of the greater part of mankind, and in contemplating them we discover the secret of the dis cordant state of society as it is. What else explains the disagreement which has ever been manifested between the ' conservatives' and the ' progressives ?' the one class holding back, the other rushing forward, with a mutual per sistence which is as mutually condemned and denounced. Now, could we, in some way, put a spur in the flank of Con servatism, and a rein upon the neck of Radicalism, (we will not say progress, because, properly considered, that is always legitimate,) it would be a lucky arrangement for the world. POSMING SQUARE.-If ever our colonial volunteers or riflemen should be called upon to prepare cavalry, there are hun dreds of currency lasses so dexterous on horseback, that, should our infantry lack the aid of mounted outposts or picquets, or our commanders swift aidecamps, scores ot the currency girls will readily make up the deficiency. They see afar, are quick, and observant, and they will ride without shoe or stocking, or any kind of saddle, at full speed on the bare back. From what we have seen in the country districts, we are fully convinced of thisv Some time ago a fair one was seen dash" ing along in the bush, whilst her tell-tale skirt displayed through a hole the great toe of the fair equestrian. B.C. 