A VISIT TO THE GOLD-FIELDS. tArrpn. a cup of "oofeo at Morrison's, we Started tor tlio gojd-fields .at-5 a Smith's' wiell-appointed >;.<jotireyance reached thrStoney.Oreek^at 7, .break-* faBt$d, pushed oil, trod atjingal (on|i of the* most beautifully Situated- \- townships jn the cqjoby), ®t 12,. jfter" luncheon kt Duncan's,we chartered a gig, and in less than an hour after we were at the Nook. "We found a goodly number of diggers, all of whom seemed contented, and well satisfied. No complaints:—they did not boast that they were making pile: hut they all admitted that they were earning a crust. The Midland Company's Chilian Mill and stampers were not at work, in consequence of the whole strength of the •party being employed in forwarding tbe works in connection with the new ma- «hinery, which will consist of two twenty-four horse-power steam engines, working three King and Howland's patent revolving stamper batteries, and six amalgamators. These are of a new construction, are said to be very effective, and are the inventions of Mr. Mauduit, the intelligent manager of the company. The machinery is placed at the entrance to Sailor's Gully, and about thirty chains from the reef, that is the reef which has lately been opened by this Company, it was pursued near the surface, in Sailor's Gully; extends upwards, and north-westerly right across a spur of the mountain, say live hnndred feet high, and has been traced on the other side of the spur into the next or Sharkies' Gully. The reef varies much in thickness, and also in quality. The workings are by horizontal drives, or adits, into the side of the hill at various levels, each of those are to be supplied with an iron rail, nag and trucks, to convcy the ore to the shoot. Persons unacquainted with any of the processes of Quartz Mining, would be perfectly astonished at tbe magnitude and consequent expense of their works —from a phtform on the bill Bide, a wooden shoot or large trough will be placed, by which means tbe ore will be sent down to a lower level; it will be received on a large and very strong raised platform, in the centre of which a hopper will be formed, from this to the machinery a road has been cut, and a modern tramway is being laid; the trucks will pass under the platform, take in their loads, and after passing down the tramway will discbarge on a platform at the works raised just above the mouths of the Stamper Battery, so as to keep up a continuous force with the least possible labor. Provision is made for effectually getting rid of the tailings, which will be conveyed by troughing into a dry creek and on to the low lands in front of the works. This will cause a great saving of labor —in Port Phillip clearing the tailings is a heavy item at most of tlie crushing establishments. The works will receive a water supply by means of a Hue of nearly a mile of wood troughing from the Ben Lomond Rivulet; tbe reservoir or head has been secured by the construction of two dams on the rivulet, which at this place separates into two streams. The troughing is laid in places on the ground, in planes in the ground, and in others it is supported on tressells from three to eight feet high. No provision has yet been made for calcining tbe ore, it being tbe intention of the Manager to crush without burning. The machinery, when complete, is calculated to crush three hundred tons per week. The estimated cost is about £7000, to this must be added tbe cost of the works mentioned in this paper, as well as the expense of erecting houses for the manager, the storekeeper, and tbe meD, stores, shops, office, assay bouse, &c;, &c;, which may be put down at from £3000 to £4000. The machinery is placed in a very central position, so that when the Company commcnce crushing for hire, and the miners commence getting quartz on their own Iwolc, it can easily be carted from any of the numerous adjoining reefs. The contractors for supplying and erecting the machinery are Messrs Russell of Sydney. Already a considerable portion of it is on the ground, and more is arriving every day A large Btaff of men are employed preparing for the erection, and all day long may be heard "The clash of busy hammers closing rivets up." The management is confided to Mr. Collins, and two foremen of works, Messrs. Brown and Taylor, all of whom eccm most cnergetic, each in his own department The buildings to enclose and protect the machinery, is to be erected by Mr. Bolland, of Laun- . ccston. Dr. Otway, the Manager of the Southern Company is steadily progresseng in opening what appears to be an excellent reef, and be will havo a good deal of ore ready for experiment by tbe time the testing apparatus is put up— his party is very small, but this is couu-. terbalanced by a continuous night and day progress, tbe men working iu shifts pf eight hours each party, so that for eo email's number of hands, the amount of work done is very great. The Doctor (who, by the bye, is becoming quite a favorite among tbe diggers) is very sanguine of ultimate sue -ess. Mr. Nevins, the Manager of tb* Northern Company, had ' arrived at Fingal, en route to the Black Boy, te "finally fix on the site for his machinery, , which is bow ready for transit in Launee ton. • Ttie Gold Commissioner, we understood, was at the Black Boy for the pur pose of {tutting the Hobart Town Company into possession of Teasdale's B*ef, vMah faw faun troi&ned; to them by the disooverer, he receiving a bonus of £100, and [two thirty-seconds of the profits. I only state this as the gossifi of the diggings. Mr. Thomas, the District Surveyor, has completed the marking off the township lots, andfs now surveying .tjie sections pome tims since purchased, fey the bye, what a pity it is that a sufficient number of native names could not have been found for the streets in tbe township of " Mangana;" just fancy Elizabeth, Liverpool, Macquarie, and Melville, Davey, Augusta, agd Argyloetreets, instead of tbe sweetly sounding, and euphonious Bingaroomas, Triabunnas, WoolloomoolooB, Meni Menis, Burra Burra, and J hundred others; Mangana is the native name for the South Bsk River. How much better, then, would it have been to have «eleoted names of warriors of tribes, of places, and thus, in some measure, have perpe- tuated on our spot native associations and names, snob, for instance, as— Narramunna (yes). Poora, poora-nah (bark of a tree). Warratinna (Firmament,sky). Mungunna (Fish). Warrawana (Ghost). Pratteratta (Hail). Weetaboona (Halo). Toorbunna (Ben Lomond). Munamata (Lagoon on ditto). 