\- OHUECH TJNION., -~ TheibUomng-lettery-iroTn theLordBuhop of Adelaide;' in reply to' the letter of the Rev^ Thomas Binney, published in our issue of ths' 3rd instant ' liaa been forwarded to us for Dub lication:— Dear and Reverend Sir— When men differ in religion or politics the sooner they got to understand the prin ciple or supposed principle which divides them the sooner are they likely either to agree or differ irrecon cilably. So far, therefore, from being *' offended by the observations' which you hare made on my second letter, I am thankful to learn from so competent an authority 'the modes of thought and feeling prevalent In the non Episcopal denominations ;' and ' the way in which they look at certain ecclesiastical subjects.' In England it always seemed to mo impossible to dis engage those subjects from the surrounding medium ; to separate them from extraneous matter, so as to look at them simply in the light of God's Word interpreted by spiritual understanding. In this colony, on the con trary, where the great offence to your co-religionists of a State Church does not exist, I thought religious ques tions, and among them that of Church Union, might be approached from all sides clear of that ' mirage' which deceives the explorer by exaggerating or distorting objects. Nevertheless I have observed from time to time Invidious references made to past abuses or present difficulties of the National Established Church of Eng land, as if they were of the essence of Episcopal disci pline, and not the accidents of an establishment interwoven with the State for more than one thousand years; while, on the other hand, tho Isolation of oar clergy from non-Episcopalian minister*, not so much personally as miniittriaUy, has not been referred (as yon now truly do) to its real cause, viz., their conscientious holding fast that which they believe to have apostolic and scriptural authority, but to the mere pride of social position, or the domineering spirit of a State-favoured Church, or a Baronial Episcopate. Had it been all along seen, as you now clearly see, that we cannot recognise your orders (though ire do not take upon ourselves to reject as inrffectuoiu your minis terial acts of baptizing in the name of the Father, Sm, and Holy Ghost), I should not have been asked, as I have frequently been, to admit non- Episcopalian minis ters to officiate in our churches, burial- grounds, school rwmi, and to cooperate with them in works cssealial to the prophetical office of tho ministry, such ai distri bution of religious tracts, missions to the bu-h, Sunday school teachers' union, and lately to open our pulpits unconditionally for their use. The rule, however, on which we act has been plainly laid down for us. We do not forbid non-Episcopalian ministers to 'cast out devils by preaching Christ's name and Gospel, because they follow not us;' but neither, on the other hand, do we find any warrant for ' following' them. Compelled, then, from time to time to refuse such ap plications, 1 was not sorry to seize the opportunity pre sented by your arrival in South Australia of making it quite clear 'why,' and 'why only' we hold our selves ministerially aloof from non- Episcopalian ministers, though, as with myself, so with my brethren, our private and personal 'feelings often kick against' our solemn convictions and pledges. I would simply ask you to read the following extracts from the Preface to our Ordination Service, and the Twenty-third Article, in order to judge fairly of our position:— 'It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the Apostles' tine there have been these orders of ministers In Christ's Church-bishops, priests, and deacons; which offices were evermore had lu such reverend esti mation, that no man night presume to execute any of them except he were first called, tried, examiaed, and known to hav.2 such qualitl-.a as are requisite for the same; and also by public prayer, with imposition of hands, were approved and admitted thereunto by lawful authority. And, therefore, to the intent that these orders may be continued, and reverently used and es teemed in the United Church of England and Ireland, no man shall be accounted or taken to be a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon in the United Church of Eng land and Ireland, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and ad mitted thereunto aocordlng to the form hereafter fol lowing, or hath had formerly Episcopal consecration or ordination,' Article XXIIL— Of Wnisterlag in the Congregation. 'It U not lawful for any man to take upon him the office of publio preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the congregation, before he be lawfully called and sent to execute tbe same ; and those wo ought to ju Jge lawfully called and sent which be chosen and called to thli work by men who have publlo authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send ministers into tbe Lord's vineyard.' As a matter of history, it stands recorded that Whit tln?hamwas deprived in 1679 of the Deanery of Durham, and Travers of the Lectnreship of the Temple, becauso they had received only Presbyterian ordination at the hands of certain ministers on the continent ot Europe. Could I then, as an hottest man, invite you to preacli in our pulpits ? Bat as I could not do so. I felt ' nressed in Bpint' to snow .you .now I and multitudes of others in the Church of England valued piety, eloquence, and ability in non-Episcopalian ministers; and how much wo winked that they would reconsider those points of discipline which they number with 'things indifferent,' but which we are bound in conscience to hold fast as being of apostolic origin and possessing scriptural authority. Neither Lutherans,, nor Calvinlsfc, nor Wesleyans nor even 'independent' Independents, like yonrself, assert Episcopacy or Creeds to be unscriptural or unlawful though they maintain that they aro 'not of obligation''' Non-Epiaoopalians then would violate no rule of con seitnoo by adopting either one or the other; either & freely-elected .Episcopate in its primitive form, or a form of sound worJs, whereby 'H« «u»i A»c«' of which jou sneak, between the Episcopal and more recent Denominational Presbyterian Churches, woald so far be Oiled up and disappear. If it savours of ' assumed superiority' on my part in venturing to point out for consideration this condition of union, it is a superiority forced upon me, and not of my creating— emanating from former acts of nonEpis copalian LoJie3. I cannot reverse the history of the Church for eighteen centuries; but I neither ' dictated' nor 'offered' terms of union. I simply stated what we believe to be our ' scriptural and apostolic' rule; and asked non- Episcopalian ministers, in these days of free thought and ' independent' Independeney, to consider whether future union of 'evangelical Churches' on cer tain principles were possible. I am not sorry that some few eager spirits, who at tempted to dear the 'sunk fence' at a bound, should havo stumbled and fallen therein; or, to adopt your military metaphor, they have not olown in the counter scarp of the ditch, and planted tlicir,'bsnnors on the breach of a ruined Episcopacy. That fortress we cannot abandon, becauso wo believo its bulwarks to be or apostolic origin and to have the sanction of Scripture. And if our non-Episcopalian friends cannot join it and form part of the garrison, let them believe aud give us credit for acting 'conscientiously' in maintaining cur ministerial jeserve. Let th.m cease to talk of 'domi- nant Church,' ' intolerant hierarchy,' Ac., as tho cause of disunion. Wo have as ranch right to remain Episco palians as they had to becomo non-Episcopalians. The foxes in the fable were justified in declining to reform themselves by a ' fraternal curtailment.' Nor was it merely with a view to remove ' the mid wall of partition' between the Church of England and those boiies which have dissented from it that I thought the readoption of the Episcopate an indisponsable prelimi nary to Church Union. If oneness, outward as well as lnwatd, formal as well as spiritual, be the normal state of Christ's Church militant as well as triumphant* if we may hope 'the Gospel and true Church of God' will finally emerge fiom Tridentine, Medieval, or Patristic error, then tbe 'Idiosyncrasy' aho of the Eastern and Greek mind, as well as of Southern Christian Europe, most be token into some account ; and it certainly would be a greater 'miracle' to reform tlwse Churches Greek, Roman, Syrian, Russian- down to the platform of John Knox— thau that yon and other evangelical ministers should be willing to sit side by side with Bishops in some Council like that of Jerusalem, when Paul and Barnabas and Simon Peter, with James pre siding, gave forth the decree assented to by the elders and the brethren, condemnatory of a Judaizing Christianity. Whether a more extended 'fraternization' might not thus result, not only between the clergy of our Church and non-Episcopalian Dissenting ministers, but Luthe ran, Swiss, and French divines ; whether an unscriptural 'denominationalism'— 'I am of Paul, and I of Apollos, and I of Cephas'— would not thus help to fill up the ' sunk fence' between us, and render access to a church catholic inform as well as spirit easy on all sides; whether Heathen and Mahometan Antichrists, or those within the Church itself, viz., the unbelief which denies the Lord that bought us— the Father and the Son ; or that which exalts the creature— sacraments, priest, or saint ; so as to keep less in view the Saviour himself (a will-worship which He ordained not) ; whether, I say, such enemies of God and Christ will give way more readily if union were rendered possible by the spirit of love leading us 'to walk by the same rule, and lu honour to prefer one another,' I do net presume to decide. 1 have simply proposed the question for con sideration. Bat I am reminded by you that something more than identity of church government, or subscription to the orthodox creed, would be necessary to open your pulpits tu tbe Anglican clergy. I return then to this second preliminary condition, viz., subscription to a creed, which you pronounce to be ineffectual to procure doctrinal parity in pulpit ministrations. You describe some clergymen of our Church as Roman in all but name, and others as Rationalists, neither of whom on any account would you suffer to preach in your pulpit. Neither would I suffer them to preach in mine. But I proposed nothing of the sort. That preliminary condition of subscription to a creed might remove an existing barrier, but would compel no exchange of pulpits.. Liberty might have been gained, bat no com pulsion introduced. Certain conditions being pre supposed, it seemed possible that like Peter Martyr and Bucer in the 16th century, so in these days, D'Aubigne or Neander, Chalmers, Cumming, or yourself, might be heard (perhaps to advantage) in St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey— a position for Christian influence which the pastor of the Weigh House might not altogether despise, though, he might think: it beneath him to covet. From the fact, however, that in spite of our Articles there are Romanising and Rationalist clergymen in our Church you draw tbe conclusion that formularies of the faith are useless. You also state, as a matter 'of fact, that the exchange of pulpits between non-Episco palian ministers, Congregationalist, Wesleyan, Free Kirk, and Baptist is far more carefully guarded than is access to those of . oar Church. Now Is It not owing in great measure to the Thirty- nine Articles themselves that these Romanizing and Rational izing clergymen are tested and found out ? Your argu ment, from the abuse of creeds proves too much; for there an Unitarian and Papists, despite of the autho rized version of tho Scriptures and tho Latin Vulgate, which led Luther to justification by faith. ' . If creeds and articles cannot prevent error, neither can the Scriptures ! Are the latter, therefore, needless and useless ? ' The unlearned and unstable wrest St. Paul's Epistles and other Scriptures to their destruc tion.' I do not know that the blame rests with St. Paul for writing his letters to the Churches ! Besides, who commanded the Baptismal Creed— belief in tho name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as necessary to salvation ? ' He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved !' Who required belief in himself as the Son of God before the Eunuch, could be baptized? Why did St. Paul deliver first of all to the Corinthians that which he also had received, that 'Christ died for onr sins according to the Scriptures, that he was burled and rose airaiu according to 'the Scriptures ??' Why did he tell Timothy to 'hold fast the form of sound words ;' and '.' to commit the name to faithful men who shsuld be able to teach others?' Look to the history of Protestantism itself ! What Protestant Church did not, at the Reformation put forth its Confession? Is that of Augsburg a dead letter? Not until the Helvetia Confession of Calvin's Church had been abragated by the Rationalistic Government of Geneva as a test for its State Clergy did a new evangelical reformation, inaugurated by D'Aubigne and Malan, become necessary there. Let ms farther ask what has become of the orthodoxy of the old Presbyterian Churches in England ? What is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of Antrim ? Was it not from the absence of a creed that ths Lady Hewly Charity came to be dragged into a court of law? Did thj absence of articles prevent the 'Rivulet' controversy, and preserve the fountain of Gospel truth pure and un dented ? Not long ago I had the pleasure of receiving from you a sermon, entitled 'Tho Apostles' Creed.' Now, if the Apostles had a creed, that is certain truths indispensable to tho Gospol of Salvation, and if you have endeavoured to define those truths, surely a creed In itself Is neither useless nor needless, 'yourself being judge.' I might refer also to your friends, the Wes leyans, whom you once offended, by plainly telling them 'that they must be either Dissenters or Schismatics-' yet they have a creed and a tolerably long one too— one also of purely uninspired composition, which nevertheless you yourself have morally subscribed before you preached in their chapel ! I know not whether you are an Armi nian or Calvinist, or neither. But every Wesleyan minister is bound by Wesley's model trust deed to preach no 'doctrine or practice contrary to what is con tained In certain nates on the New Testament, commonly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley and in the first four volumes of sermons, commonly reputed to be written and published by him.' Talk of Popery and the Council of Trent, and or the Infallibility of the' Pope ! those are "motes' not more huge than this Wesleyan beam. I did not ask you or other non-Episcopalian ministers to subscribe to the Thirty-nine Articles and the Book of Homilies before you could preach in our pulpits, but simply to a creed in accordance with the Nicene Con fession. If this will not secure absolute immunity from doctrinal error, It may do something towards it. I be lieve iu charts and liifhthousea, although in spit* of th?m soino master mariners coutrive to run their ships on shore. I believe also as much as you do, that watches, clocks, and even dials ranat be adjusted to the sun ; but the examples of adjustment which you have selected, and which you describe as giving ' great reliet to tbe clergy and members of the English Church,' no more affects them than it does you and other non-Episcopalians. Yon state that the hand of tho click (that is from the context the English Church clock) pointed to this:— ' Children having been baptized, if they die, are un undoubtedly laved; else not. The pointer was pat back two two seconds, and ' else not' disappearing, ceased to rule. Bat what a mighty diuerenee was made by that little change I Instead of being obliged to hold the positive destruction of all unbaptized infants, the clergy and members of the English Church are allowed to believe in their possible salvation.' 1 am sure that It will be a 'greit relief to you to learn that this statemtnt however designed to comfort us, la (so far as the Church of England is concerned) quite nnneces J&ry.; The jirrf Liturgy of Edward VL, x.d. 1649, has this rubric in the offico for confirmation:— 'And that no man shall think that any detriment shall come to children by deferring of their confirmation, he ehall know for truth that it is certain by Uod s word that children being baptized (if thej depart out of this life in their infancy) are undoubtedly saved.' The word) ' else not' do not appear in our first reformed Liturgy, and therefore could not have beea omitted. But to make It quite clear that the doctrine you incor rectly fasten upon tbe English Church was not held by her leading reformers, take this declaration from the chapter 'Concerning Baptism,' from the 'Beforma- tiou or Ecclesiastical Laws,' a treatise drawn up by Commissioners appointed lu the reigns of Henrj Vlll. and Eiward, ef whom Cnnmer was tbe first in rank .— 'Theirs also ought to be considered a scrupulous superstition who so completely tie down the grace of (iod and tbe Holy Spirit to the sacramental elements, as explicitly to affirm that no infant of Christian parents can obtain eternal salvation who dies before It can be brought to baptism— an opinion far different from ours' ' Quod lougesecus habire juilcamus.'* An expression indeed which had found its way Into the baptismal service of the tint Liturgy of Edward VI, 519, from that of Luther, through tbe Latin reformed service of the Archbiahop Herman of Cologne (1513) was omitted in the second Liturgy ef Edward VI. in 1553\. It is In the prayer before baptism whi.'h ran thus :— ' That by this wholesome laver of regeneration, whatsoever sin is in them may be washed clean away j that they, being delivered from Thy wrath, may be received into tbe ark of Christ's Church, and to saved from perishing.' This prayer is not to be found In the ancient offices of the Church of Rome, but seems to have been originally composed by Luther, though it is not in accordance with his sentiments expressed elsewhere. 'Although infants,' he remarks, 'bring into the world with them tbe depravity of their origin, yet it Is an important consideration that they have never trans gressed the Divine commandments \ and since God is merciful, He will not, we may be assured, suffer them to fare tbe worse, because, without their own fault, they have been deprived of baptism.' So that this chance expression of Luther's— contrary to his own sentiments, and which escaped notice In the baptismal service of our Liturgy from 1619 to 1662, bat was then omitted, and which never existed in tbe ancient offices of the Cliurck— is small ground enough on which to express your compassion ' for tbe ministers and clergy of tho English Church,' in the ' great relief' they must have experienced ! In conclusion, let me observe that while minds capa cious and independent as yours labour under such mis apprehensions in regard to the Church of England aad its doctrines, the hope of Church Union will remain 'Ideal.' But If Episcopalians and non-Episcopalians will honestly, and in the fear of God, try to learn with accuracy therein tbey do essentially d ffer, and why, then possibly both may be able eventually, through the grace of God, to adjust their clocks and watches by tbt sun-dial of His revealed will. I am, rev. Sir, Yours faithfully and respectfully, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Bev. T. Binuey. His Lordship also places at our disposal, for publication, the following letter received from Mr. Binney, which he is not specially authorized to publish, but which he thinks will only do justice to Mr. Binney's sentiments and Christian feelings ; — Glen Urqubart, tbe Green Hills, Victoria, December 29, 1868. To the Right Bev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. My Lord— In a last revise ot the letter which I hod the honour to transmit to your Lordship by last mail, I withdrew the sentence which I have marked in tbe enclosed piece of proof. There is nothing in tbe words but what logically follows from the power which a Congregational minister has over bis own pulpit— the jealous; with which wo guard it against the intrusion of doctrinal error, from tho importance we attach, to evangelical truth — and. the conviction .we have of serious departure from that truth, la JIlLronl JliWUAui. lij many of the clergy, The words contain nothing- but what follows from iheso thinsa — whether our views ot tho Gospel (evangelical truth) be scriptural or not, or whether our 'conviction' respecting the various forms of clerical opinion bo right or wrong. Still, for many reasons, I thought it best to withdraw the words re ferred to. Your Lordship, therefore, will do me the favoar to regard them as withdrawn.* I was very unwell while visitiug at Tsorak last week; I was obliged to abstain from all public duty last Sunday; I am now between 20 and 30 miles away fiom Melbourne, at a retired station, In a beautiful locality. A celebrated philosopher and metaphysician used to say that all his great and difficult problems, nico distinc tions, and One theories seemed to vanish into thin air after he bad had a good dinner, and was in the company of warm and genial friends. There is something, how ever, better than this. In tbo deep solitude of the bush —God's beautiful world spreading and swelling, round abaut us— His glori his blue heaven bending over us all —one's heart feels the blessed softening humanldug influence, and goes forth in tenderness and love towards all God's creatures. How little one heeds the noise of the world of men afar off— the struggle of parties, the clashing of opinion, the controversies, political or reli gious.'which teem so important when we are in the midst of them ! I wish your Lordship was here, sitting with me In tbe sunlight; how soon we should be able to put everything right! May we meet in that world where there will be nothiug to put right, and where we shall have something better to do than either to mend or mourn over the evils of this 1 Wishing yon, mj Lord, in the language of the old country, ' the compll ineuts of tbe season'— all the blessings we wish for one another at this happy time, I am, truly and. much, yours, T. BINNEY. * The words whioh Mr. Binney wishes to withdraw are the following t— ''There are many among the clergy whom I would not suffer to preach to my people— the substance of their teaching being, for the most part, as I believe, either chaff or poison.' 