-V-A- K1ET I E S. Prejudiue lie's when it talks, and squints when it .looks. ' 'A fool in formonfotion ' is the last and bestdeflni- tion of a vain person. : Lite's pleas urea if not absurd, will be new every morning, and fresh every evening. ' A truly grateful heart may not be able to tell its gratitude, but it can feel, and love, and aot. : An envious man repines «s muuh at the manner in which his neighbours live as if he maintained them, < A friend that you have to buy, won't bo worth what you pay for him, no matter how little that may be. It is a terrible indication when the heart grows blaok so the head grows white. It may sound like a paradox, yet the bretkiog of both an army's wings are sure to make it fly. : He that has much and wants more ia poor : but he . that has little and wants no more is rioh. ' Some hearts like primroses, open most'beautifully in tbe shadow of life. . : If folly were a physical pain, what a moaning and groaning world this. would be. > ' Wo suppose that a man who never speaks may be said always to keep his word. He that shortens the road to knowledge lengthens : Ope Maxims;— Be content with enough, you may butter your bread until yon aro unable to eat it. They say it is an ill mason that, refuses any stone : and thore is no knowledge but it is useful in skilful hands. : | ; ' I fear you are sewed up,' said a oroaking friend to aoheerful invalid. 'Ob, no, I have only one little stitch iti my side.' : ; The' happiest of things in life is to deserve and ob- : .tain the love of valuable men, and the next felioity is to get rid of fools and villains. ; . : It' is said of an exquisite1 portrait that, to judge by. . the eie; it.did not waut sposoh, for this could be de- tooted ouly by the. ear. , :A 'Stock' Joke.— Why in a man who deals in. stale jokes like a stock-jobber ? Beoause be depends . on fun- dead property. ' : i Honourable Service.— If one hath served thee, tell the deed to many ; hast thou served many, tell it not to any. . Dr.Johnsonhavingbeardthat Footehnd called him a 'learned Hottentot,' in return styled theaotor a pleasant villain.', The latest style of ladies' hoops is guaranteed ' to be 'of feminine lightness and delioaoy, and warranted not to cut tbo limbs of attendant gentlemen ' Pay your score,' said a publican to a customer who woo running up sin aooount for ale. — 'Wait till I've : bad the sooro first ; that last mug only made ten.' _ DistanceLends Enchantment. — We run the ri-k of oxperienoiug the greatest disgust if we observe too olosely how. government, justioa, and cookery are managed. ' , 1 Veby- Difficult.— The first printed arliole of a bnriai aooiejv, lately oominenoed in the oounty of— runs thus— 'Whereas, many persons find it diflioaltto bury themselves.' ...... A Frenohman soliditing relief, said very gravely io his fair bearer : ' Ma'msellc, I never beg, Out dafc I have vonwifej-nd several small family, dat is growing very targe, and noising to make deir bread out of, ibut do perspiration on my prow.' At a party the other evening au old baohelor named Evans was.introduood to a beautiful widow also named Evans. ' Mr, Evans,' said the lively hostess, 'allow, me io introduce you to Mrs. Evans.'— 'To Mrs. Evans !' exolaimed the spirited baohelor ; ' why, my dear madam, it is the' very lady I have been in searoh of for. the last.len years 1' The introduction we hear was mutually agreeable, nnd we now await the sequel, though thn lady objects to change her name. 'Jenny;,' said a landlady to her servant, 'was there any fire in the kitohen last night while you were sit ting up?'— 'Yes, marm,' said Jenny, 'there was a spark there when I went down, and I soon fanned it into a flame.' The landlady looked su-pioiously at Jenuy, bnt the innocent girl went on sorubbing and humming ' Katty Darling.' Mr. Murphy used to relate the following story of Sam Footo's, tbo heroines of which were tee Ladies Cheers, Fielding, and Bill, the last the wife of the oolobrated Dr. Hill. He represented them as playing at ' I jove my lovo with a letter.' Lady Cheere began and Bald,. '1 lore my love with an N beoause he is a Night,' Lady Fielding followed with, 'Hove my love with a & beoause he is a Gustis (Justioe);' and, I love my lovo with an F,' said Lady Hill, ' because be ia a Fizishun, \- The ghost of Mrs. Caudlo is furious ! She says the Yioe'-Ouauoallor Sir R. Kindt rsley, in a cause that name before him on Saturday, said, ' Generally speak ing, a wyfe was not sufficiently obedient to her hus- ,-j band's wishes." She says sbe has no doubt that the learned judge had a quarrel with Mrs. K. in the morning beforo ho o.ine to court, and that be was talking at her through the newspapers. Now this, sbe aflirms, was mean. She dec ares that Vice-chan cellor Kindersloy was the author of Punch's pithy advice to'porsons about to marry : — 'Don't.' On Love. — Lovo, like eleotricitr, says Dow junior, pervados all bodies. My heart sicks into inytrousers pocket when I meditate upon tbo ovil it has oaueed. It comes before you know it, snd makes you feel queer. Look at that miserable innrtyr, with the fire of liquid damnation gleaming through his corbunolcd nose; the fire of despised love pours through every pore of his ruby proboscis. "What constitutes the staple of his hard reflections ? — tears, kiBscs, partings— saw dust, sols sr wder, and soft soap, ' Mas fv. . nts but Little.'— A youug spark quotes Goldsmith > the effeot that 'man wants but little here bolow.' In proof we give bis list of daily wants: — A bottlo of soda water the first thing ia the morn ing. A clean shirt and breakfast— tea, toast, sardines and boiled ham — served np with the newspaper. A oignr with mid brandy and water. The loan of five pounds. Lunob, with sherry. Dinner with oham- pngno. Tea, served up with a tioktt for the opera (with' tbo manager's compliments). Invitation to supper. Last, though not least, a cab or a polioeman, whioh brings us to the Eoda water ay&iu.; But the poor fellow oaunot always have bis daily wants sup plied. , Would you know the reason why ? Beoause he has no oasb, no friends, and nothing to do ; and if he had he wouldn't do it. A "Wobd to Husbands.— Has anybody over writ ten upon the responsibility which rests upon a hus band with regard to tho education of his wife ? Of oourso we know what you would Eay about her being suppoted to have 'finished' her education bolore marriage, and all that ; and yet you aud we kuowtbat she begins as new au oduoatiou with liitu as if she had nevor scon tbo alphabet. His views, bis feelings, his ideas, aro they nothing to her il'sho loves him P Fears aftor, when tlioy who 'knew her as a girl ' oomo to talk with tho matron, do tlioy not find tho husband rt fleoled in every sontenue eitlior for good of evil ? Of course, tho more strongly a woman loves, tho more oomplctoly is lior own identity absorbed in that of her husband's. This is a point which is too muoh neglec ted by married men. A good huGhand is almost cer tain to have a good wile; and if siio bo ' not so good ns liooould wish' at tho romniouoomont of tlioir mar ried lifo, ho can soon oduoato her up to tho propor mark. Aud, 011 the ollior hand, he can so eduoato lior down as to render his homo a purgatory, anil per haps bring upon himself and his family tho greatest agony aud keenest paugs of disgrace whioh a husband or children can feel. 