; LONQFELLOWS NEW BOOK. '. " (snout THE ATHENAEUM J 1 She Courtship of Miles Standish, and " other '-'i Poems. By Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, .. ' (Kent and Co.) ii ii If popularity he any test of permanent , merit, Mr Longfellow is already an, heir «piSsrent'to immortality. His works; have met with a very warm reception from a | >' large class of readers in this country, Every kind of poetical attention as a compliment has been expended upon the sea'. They have been prettily illustrated, prettily i set to music, and they have been recited without any great amount of languor on the if part of the public. Every three or four year i ' to the poetical demand has been stimulated by knew supply; and happy has been the past ' father who could " pre em pt" to himself taj writings of so popular a poet, or, at any rate, "jump" a doubtful claim, and tuke udyan , i togo of productions which the want of a copy- right law between this country and the i States enabled him comfortably for end If , So "'strong an object of typographical ''desire to Mr. Longfellow at present, Hut It has been necessary to protect him from s undue admiration, and with this view a to notice is affixed to the cover of the present little "volume, signifying to the world, that an Ev Iajjishiwiii«» -to contributed a small bat \- £_l_cle_t" portion in his behalf. Honor) I do so is thus here, Mr. Longfellow. J- a J means enjoys a monopoly a his own country. Of poetic honors nobody claims for any one of his poems the rank so properly ' assigned to the 'r__anatopsis 'Î of Bryant,- , for-The'" Lines to a Waterfowl, or "True j 'Death orVtho Flowers, or "The White looked -'Doe. Scarcely any one would ' compare him in weird imagination with the author of " Ulalume " and " The Raven," or would weigh him as a descriptive point against the author of "The Closing Scans,' i or would Albert that he, in strength dash and vigour, representa- American life so well as the editor of the "Bigelow Papers."! A certain grace and taste and pretty elegance could be readily conceded him, his epic POsitions would be designated as those of an accomplished linguist, he might be terms J, from. his lunar propensities," the moonlight poet," and the ' Excelsior " and the " Hiawatha ' might possibly furnish as indeed they have furnished, metrical occasion to a witty countryman for two admirable pure -lies All this might happen, and yet Mr Longfellow's poetry be really appreciated. To the best of our ability we have endeavored to appreciate him, and in that endeavor have taken up, as he bids us, " with a heart for Very fate," successive pieces of his, we have more than once tried to extricate the plot of The Spanish Student," to unravel the intent tion of "The Golden Legend," and to, feel, satisfied with the treatment of ' Even ¿eline,"--but in all these poems we have constantly felt that we were not scared ing, but pursuing," and that no reasonable -tereiQor ought to ask his critics or even his readers from time to time to learn to labor and to visit" The burden which the i previous sorrows of Mr Longfellow laid upon us was really as great as we could bear Under She addition of the last volume, slight though at be the most benevolent, reader, however J -well disposed towards sorrow, will find it difficult to acquiesce Judging from his poems, our conception of Mr Longfellow for some time has been, that he 13 an invalid poet who is morbidly partial to what has been called the night side of nature " It is his fantastic pleasure to He upon a bed of handed to us which are tinged by the illusive light of a very watery moon. " Within his breast, he informs us, " there is no light but the cold light of nature Systematically, and apparently from poetic price could, he avoids everything, of a cheerful and encouraging tone, listening only for voices of the night," for muffled drums best the; funeral may ches," for the footsteps of weak ghosts which seem doomed to walk the earth and make an appearance when sums named for the purposes of poetry With more of sorrow than of another, tribe unsubstantial creatures regard the pale poet, lay their cold hands upon his or lean upon his cold shoulder, or patiently sit to be photographed m vacant chairs which his imagination has provide! LL muse, in deep mourning is in constant at tendance upon him, prompting his memory with images of the past, and all envious of a peculiarly sepulchral or moribund or lachry month kind There is in his immediate fancy after a chapel or 11 cloister, which he employs, not for any specific religious other, books is interesting object, or motive to sentiment Hence he has the unusual luxury of hearing a bell tolling at intervals he imagines trials starting " solemn masses, Singing ' Pitty for this poor soul, " and is enabled "to suffer and be strong." More especially, however, it is "from the cool cisterns of the mind Light air his spirit draws repose ' At the dead hour of night, he goes out in the world and listens to the chimes, of the clocks tolling that ghosttbtloved hour This favorite station is a bridge, which suggests to him e one train of our happy calculation How many unhappy persons may have crossed that Illidge, " each bearing his burden of sorrow, there is no satisfactory proof, but a description of his own feelings, repeated interactions \- few wavering shadows, with a broken mass -of course, of moonlight enable him to extend this thought to the length of 15 stanzaS, and make up, what we suppose we must oil! a poem If the world of things into which Mr Longfellow misleads us is pale, and cold and ghastly, full of ruins, of Urea and gravel and wreck, or a world of feeble twilight where the embracing sunbeams chastely play," equally dismal is his world of persons 'The principal tendency of his poems is to make his characters full in love, and the issue to actor and reader, is invariable disappointment. Weak love and romantic patience are the agents which Mr. LorigfoUo A chiefly employs in this service For hearts and Bonis in lamentable attitudes, and under inconceivably painful circumstances, he solicits public emotion, for soundness "strug fling hearts," 'weary hours,' and sometimes. even for " a poor barefooted soul, bleeding over the shares and things of existence- " Its tail team of ' -sanguine " he remorselessly heap: upon his characters the threefold distress of in mind, body, or estate," which every sensible person prays to be preserved from Evan Deane, when not swooning or under the ia influence of moonlight, is a perpetual examp 1 ci distress of mind, and Benedict Bellefou raine, the poor young lady's father, NB. In his last stage, a sad instance of distress, both of body and estate Why all the wretchedness -could be thought requisite, the reader a light is at a loss to understand, when, however, persevering with the) poem, he begins to -discover that Mr Long-or to borrow 1 Ditty and truer name, Mr Protractjd -fellow" has ordained this distress for the sale of a substituent place of description, 0 in the vehicle for one or two exceedingly Tuoral speeches, the reader feels that he is seen very unworthily, even allowing that he has been poetically practised upon. Nor do the exhortations to calmness and resignation, which are so plentiful in Mr Longfellow, make us other than lugubrious They are uttered in so melancholy a tone that A is quite impossible for the reader to believe -they are meant When the old one, by way of consoling Evangeline for the unaccountable conduct of her lover, informs the young lady that " affection never be wasted,' it is quite obvious that his meaning is, and the event proves, that she should continue to vesta her affection, which the poor girl like too many of her sex, deluded, us happily does That odd youth, j too these browns dead." and whose "'blue eye 'beneath" (are we correct in under standing his eyelid?; "flü-heslike a fashion, t i in its sheath, who, for no apparent reason. < carries- "the banner with a strange device, w here, in every weak way, through a number of stanzas rather bad Latin, and ultimately Is found'" lifeless. yet serene," in the twilight ron he be considered by any sensible reader. *.?- anything but a very sad and' most unfair tribute poetical instance? -" { i . "The Peaks of Life," which the heart than it is mericau» young man is supposed to be soap 3? 44a of repeating to the psalmist, cabinet with a ART justice be called an encouraging pod/a, i Allusions-to-death/dust, the same, muffled drums, funeral marches, soldier! perusing, the head pafltiburying its de "J, andfihlpwretkeJ mariners, are, in our opinion,-'' images cfdpu fated to deter any reader from a desire to a make his life in the least sublime, and to leave so dismal a world as rapidly aid he can, never troubling himself as to his footpiiaU' In fact, MT. Longfellow's admonitions remind as of Mr.Snodgiasa's cutreatieatohia seconds "Don't call in the police," said Mf.Öncdgtaaa; promise me you won't."-"Ofcbur-a not,' replied Mr Topman. "Don't despair from leading my poems," exclaims Mr. Longfellow to his reason. "Of course not," repheajtha reader. It is in its feeble sense rather than its forms or metres that the vice of Mr. Longfellow's poetry lies. These last are pretty imitations, cut never can be mistaken for the ordinal types of Tegner, Goethe, Heine, or Chanilsao. Indeed, if we compare the moonlight scenes of " Evaugelhie" with the truthful daylight' pictures of the "Herman and Dorothea," or i Auerinch'n delicious " Birfuatle"-ii we oct 5' The Golden Legend" by Ghamisso's poem of Sir h Goethe's "Faust "The Building of the Ship," beside "The Lay of the Bell'S tha Ballads by those of Heine-the difference lull won a composition and an original-bet wo a reality and phantasy-Ia painfully evident. ¡ Mr. Longfellow is not one of the poets in l-whom gods or men can take much pleasure. (Our principal objection to him is, that he is to unobjectionable a writer. His poems do not stir, it full, and strengthen us. They only, make men continually passive, and women continually resigned news do not believe, in his vapoury Elysium, and cannot reduce our imagination to the level of his earth., me Not for men, however, does the American poet gracefully rise, and take down his shadowy harp from the willows. He is caps dally the young ladies' poet. For thou, t> an old Grey man or Swedish tune he adapts his melody. Yet we doubt if even his most of occured readers will feel what Mr. Longfellow calls "the sport of glamour" in consequence of the present performance. "E vau- not He o'," with rabbits faults, was not wanting in a certain under glow of poetic HgLr. " flying Pialba, "-to a certain extent, might be pronounced poetical, and by the aid of music it was possible to acquire a rate even for " A Rainy Day," and "ue or two of the smaller seems. "to me author could base care. jtSn uf'hirr'iepütation as to put forth the greater part of the poetry which makes up this lost volume "we cannot at all understand. Sad though it be to think it has been written, it is sadder to know that it has been published, and must be reviewed. vYfit Mr Longfellow's some degree relieves liiBbf a disagreeable duty by pleading ïguilty, find pronouncing judgment upon himself. A A number of classical and modern examples were before calm, " Full of promptings and suggestions."' He recalls a suggestion for Of Prometheus, how undaunted ! vis i Oil Olympus shining bastions .. His audacious foote planted Subsequently there occurs to him the fate of , , Milton and Cervantes, i Nature's priests and Corybantes, By affliction touched and saddened." A very natural question then presents itself to the poet namely this, What is the use of perseverance in the art of, poetry, the occupation being laborious, and the end, in a worldly point of view, too frequently ignominious! li. Longfellow asks : . Shall it, then, be unavailing-, ' All this toll of human culture ? -The only rhyme vVhtch Echo could product in reply would be, sepUlture, or the one Mr Longfellow has chosen :- ?" j O'er life's barren crags the vulture, . -tho'vultuTe, of course, meaning the critic Through the cloudiness, drive and trailing, ( .. Seen whom (the poet) sailing. S N An " afterthought " changes the image, but presents us with the same result, contrasting very sadly Mr, Longfellow's earlier and left later merinda a a a , a Fair they seemed, turns long sonorous, i When they came to me unbidden; i Voices single, and In chorus, Like the wild birds enables o'er us in the dark of branches hidden. ! Disenohautmcut I Din Illusion I Must soon noble aspiration Come paid to the conclusion, Jarring discord, wild confusion. Lassitude, renunciation 1 Not with steeper fall nor star. From the sun's serious dominion?, Not though brighter rollins nor was tor, In swift ruin and disaster Icarus tell nithqlmttoreiplnlonB The poem upon which, in our vultures Capacity, the author no doubt expects us to 1 poetivoroualy write is entitled, " The Court ship of Miles Standish," and displays Mr. Longfellow's method of debasing a fine old hero, and dilating an historical fact. In the hands of a true poet the deeds of that reso late little band, which Miles Standish commanded, and out of which grew all that is great and admirable in the America a people, might form a worthy subject for a drama or an epic. The sailing of the Mayflower, and the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers are events surely far greater in result j, and better capable of being posted, than the sailing of the Argo of the wanderings of Ulysses i. All that the genius of Mr. Longfellow can elicit from them is matter for an exceedingly weak and protracted love story. How Capt. Miles Standish " the stalwart." being left a widower, weary and dreary, fell in love with an angel whose came is Priscilla" (but whose surname we do not know), how he was rejected and how be ultimately forgave, is fully related in hexameter verse. The opening lines of the poem introduce Capt. Miles in boats of Cordova leather," " buried in thought, with his hands behind him,", and standing to and he with a martial air." His personal appearance to those given : Short of statute he was, but strongly built and athlete, Brown re a nut was his face, but his russet beard was already Flaked with patches of snow, as hedges sometimes to November Near the Captain is stated John Alden his friend and household companion, writing 3 with delight and speed at a table of pine by the window," The Mayflower, in foot is to sail for England on the following day, and Joh't is writing against time. The Gap til a interrupts his friend from time to time, by calling his attention to his armour, Joh-, however, " answered, but looked not up fro of his writing " The Captain persisted in oo x versation, describing what could be seen from the window - There are my soldiers, my great Iniuciblo army, -more men, all equipped, having elicit his rcsUni his matchlock, Eighteen shillings a month, together with dust and pillage After informing his friends that he was quite ready for the Indiana, and " the son of they try it the better, Captain Miles Standish is silent, and at last takes down from a shelf of books " The Commentaries' of Qesar out of the Latin, translated by Arthur Golding, of London All in thou silent, except the hurrying pen of the strip ling" Alter John Alden two folded the last of his letters," Captain Standish relieve his heart by a communication, as follows - -is not good for a man to be alone, say the Scriptures his I have said before, and again and again I repeat it Every hour in the day, I think If and fool It am say it Since Hose Standish died, in life has been weary and dreary, Sick at heart have I soon, be on the hearing of (cloud Bk Tp, Oil in -my lonely 11 years have I thought of the maiden Priscilla She is alone in the world, her father and mother and brother Died in the winter together, I saw nor going an' coining, How to the grave of the dead, and now to the body of the dying, Patient, courageous, and strong, and said to myself that I ever There were angels on earth at there are angels I heaven, Xwo have I seen and known and the angel whose name is Frisoilla ' Holds in my desolate life ILo place which the other abandoned Long have I cherished the thought, but never have dared to roll cut it Being a coward In this, though valiant enough for the most part Go to the damsel Priscilla, the loveliest made i c . Plymouth, So] that a blunt old Captain, a man not of words be of no less, OfFers his hand and his heart the hand and heart of soldier i Now in those words, you know, but this, in short, ! ray morning, June maker of war, and not a maker of phrases The reason of his not making the propose in propria persona, the Captain thus explains - I can march up to a fortress and summon the place to surrender, But march up to a woman with such a proposal, direct I'm not afraid of ballets, nor shot from the month ( i a cannon. Bat of a thundering 'NoT' point-blank from the mouth of a woman, , That I confess I m afraid of, nor am ashamed to cut gone It I > flgNow, John Allan is in love with Priaollla v himself, and as he passed into the woods- \ "where blackbirds and robins were building; a towns in the, populous trees "-he has a con- j lllot with himself ; friendship, however,'gaina"'5 the day, and he pleads the cause of his ' friend. The maiden asks very naturally, was the Captain sends -au, ambassador- at all? Then John Alden began explaining and smoothing: the matter, . <.-, 'is Waking it worse 23 he went by laying the Captain.; was busy,- ' ' Bad no time 1 for such things sach things! than words grating harshly > '. Tell 911 the ear ofiPrlscollal and swift as a flash she made answer : , " Has he no time for such things, as you call It, before he is married. Would he be likely to-flad it, or make, after the wedding > 1 -J ' That is the warmth you men I you don't understand it, you cannot." The ambassador argues that the Captain is of good family, and gives his name and address :-?- ' lie with a gentleman hour, could trace his pedigree plainly Back to Hugh Standish of Duxbury Hall, In Lin cashire, England, Who was the son tot Ralph, wreaths grandson of Ihtustofi de Standish, A young lady might think him understand, but he was '., , of 1 r 1 1 Not to he laughed at and council because Us ra< < little of! stature, is for he was great of heart, in army, courageous It might have been expec sugar JiOiole end eloquent language' would have melted the heart of any one but Priscilla Miss Priscilla but smiled, and, as described in the poem said-fairiroader just guesses Why I don't you Stent for yourself, John?" J II i Mr ioDgtüÜow'a previous poems have been objected to on the score of being wanting; in passion " The Courtship of Miles Stand hen" is not chargeable with this fault j Miles is in a terrible iRosBion. - t Up leaped the Captain of Plymouth, and «taulpsíói o 1 the floor, MR nts armor , ¡ j Olarigcdon the wall, where it hung, with a sound of sinister omen, i All but pent-up wrath burst forth in a sudden explosion, Even as a hand grenade, that scatters destroy low, ground If L L Wildly he shouted, and loud We betrayed me ! John Alden t you Me, Miles Standish, your friend ' have supplanted, in ' defrauded, betrayed true "One often ancestors and his sword through the he Mt of taylor, TrV he shall prevent me from running my own through the heart of a traitor r Yours is the greater treason, for yours is a treason to friendship 1 , Torn who liked under my roof, vi horn I cherished and loved as a brother, 'Tom, who have fed at my board, and drunk at roy cups 1 to whose keeping . I have entrusted my honor, my thoughts the most snored and secret,- r You too Brutus ab, were to the name of friendship hereafter ! t Brutus was Ctcsar's.friend, and you were mine, but henceforward Let there be. nothing between us save war, and Implacable hatred Mike of first determines to leave the country, as all rejected lovers do The scene is one of the best described in the poem -1 as There with his boat was the Master, already a little, impatient ; i I Lest he should loan the tide, or the ii ill might shut to the eastward, Square-built, hearty, and strong, with an odour of ocean about him Speaking with this one and that, and cramm ag letters and parcels Into his pockets capacious, and messages mingled. together Into his narrow brain, till at it he was a holly be« wildered nearer the boat stood Alden, with one foot placed on the gunwale One still firm on the rock and talking a' times with the sailors, , Seated erect on the thwarts, all ready and eager for starting He too was eager to for and thus put an end to his animals Thinking to fly from despair, that swifter than keel is or canvas, Thinking to drown in the sea the ghost that, would rise and pursue him but as he gazed on the crow1; he beheld the form of I Priscilla I Standing dejected among them, unconscious of all that was passing I Fixed were her eyes upon his, as if she divined -fall Intention- ! a Fixed with a look so sad, so reproachful imploring, and patient That with a sudden revulsion his heart received from its purpose. As from the verge of a crag, writers one step vc ore It destruction Strange is the heart of man, with its quick mysterious Instinct, Strange is the heart of man, and fatal or fated are moments , Whereupon turn, as on hinges, the gates of the wall ariamnntlnQ 1 Second thoughts, and the sight of a remarks able cloud in the stay, which " rolls itself on us a net," determine Miles to remain for Paris cilia's sake. The poem ends with the wedlong of Priscilla and John, and exhibits Miles is a very forgiving light. There is just one line is . the poem which is pretty. Flowers are called Children lost in the woods, and covered with leaves in their slumber. The smaller poems are not striking. Many of them have appeared before, The author well terms them " Birds of Passage." The t cure' beat are, the poem of " The Two Angels," which has one fine line,- ' i The sombre houses, hearsed with plumes of smoke, and "The Rope Walk," part of which we give:- ' _ ' l In that building long and low, ' With its windows all a-row, Like the port-holes Ot a hulk, Human spiders spin and spin, Backward down their thread so thin Dropping, each a hompon bulk. At the end an open door ; Squares of sunshine on the floor Light the long and dusty lane. And the whirring of a wheel, Dull and drowsy, makes me feel All its tpjkosaroin my brain As the spinners to the end Downward go and re-ascend, ' Gleam the long threads in the sun ; While n within this brain of mine Cobwebs brighter and more unto , By the bury wheel are spun. Two fair maidens in a swing, i Like white doves upon the wing, First before my vision pats ; i Laughing-, as their gentle hands Closely clasp the twisted strands, At tholruiadoiv on the grass Then a booth of mountebanks, With its smell of tan and planks, And a girl poised high in air On a con', in spangled dress. With a faded loveliness, And a weary look of care. Then a homestead among farms, And a woman with bare arms, - , Drawing water from a well As the bucket mounts apace With it mounts her own fal- face, As at some magician's spell, The ballad of " Victor Galbraith" is bold and ringing and "Santa Filomena," or " Sant v Philomena," a poem on Miss Nightingale, is rather pretty. The remainder of these poems are only, as the author describes them,- > Thoughts in attitudes Imperious, ; Voices soft, and deep, and serious. \- repetitions, In fact, of poetical common- place. ______________ ! THE PRESERVATION OF THE DEAD The process patented by M. Falcony, a French chemist, for embalming and preserving dead bodies, though It has for several years been 11 in use in some of the principal cities on that continent, has but recently been introduced into this country, and even yet it is little known, if at all, beyond the limits of the medical profession. It is probable, however, that the highly successful result of an expedient which took place yesterday at the Grosvenor School of Medicine will not only establish its efficiency among the medical authorities of London, but will lead to Hi general use throughout the country. To J preparations of M. Falcony are of two kinds one, a fluid, intended to pra Eeive the body from decay for an indefinite) period, and the other a powder, designed to prevent decomposition for a considerable time, or to arrest actIve putrefaction if it has already commenced. Both processes were subjected to an examination yesterday, but it was to the latter, as being of greater importance and utility than the other, that attention t rvaB chiefly directed. The subject of the experiment was the body of a man who died of erysipelas on the 21st of September. It was taken to the school on the 24th in an a 1 visited stage of putrefaction, the head an I face being greatly swollen and discoloured, The trunk was also much decayed, and it was pronounced by Dr. Halford, the lecturer on anatomy, to be totally unfit for dissection. On the following day, the 28th, M. Falcouy commenced his operations, which were four resided in the presence of several gentleman of considerable professional eminence He covered the bottom of the coffin with ball powder to the depth of about three inches, on this the body was placed, and then covers 1 over with the powder mixed with sawdust, as a vehicle. In about 20 minutes not strain , of the offensive smell remained, and where the body was uncovered yesterday, after the lapse of between three and four weeks, it was found to be in the same condition us who if it was put into the hands of M. Falcony 1 he powder had arrested the putrefaction, and none of those present were sensible of any unpleasant odor. A band, into which smith quantity of the fluid intended for the. permit went preservation of the dead had been in jeered some weeks, was also produced. The claim still remained white, and co smell was omitted, although the hand had been placed in water, and subjected to other conditions favorable to decomposition. Dr Halford congratulated M Balcony on the successful result of > by' experiments, which prove 1 it that his invention was of the highest ald, M d might concede extremely beneficial rain sanitary point". Of view M. Balcony at Riverton a short address in Posen, in which he referred to the cordial reception he had met with in England, and expatiated upon K advantages which his discovery was oil diluted to confer on mankind in the first place, by the prevention by those Innumerable' analagous did acco which result from the peasants emitted from dead bodies in our [tin casES; HCOIHIIJ, by preserving the remains of deceased persons for the inspection of friends and relatives residing at a his office and third, 15 reserving the pur- area of justice in cases of suspected poison me He. did not pretend, be said, to have I caught his lutereatirjgdeiaitment of chV still ECieuct to ttilicticn-whiit he had t < to would be frtrpu-fcid by others, but the fact Hour he cream, and in the meantime we ought to date nil ourselves of the advantage) with teen n must receive from his studies -J h* T/mci.Ooiobbi 0. j 