ORIGINAL COltRESL'ONDE.VCE. 3b Hie Editors of the Maitland Mercury. Gfs.ti.fme«.-1 brough your favor. In your liueofthe Hlh Instant, we said that according to Or Clialmtr», the faloett champion of the theory of a fetale church-happily not lea tinilant lor the practical (kulai he (.ave u that theory-Ma self the leader and ornament ot a movement that lained in (lie formation of now, probably, 1000churches in lils uativeluiil whoso ministers, Including their gnat and good leader were practical Voluntarles-thus hi, though theoretically a Sute Churchman, was practically the great volaauirj of lil« day According to his indisputable definition the essential pria We also affirmed that the only example In the H ord of God ot a State church- that Is ot a State paid clergy or priesthood -is that found to have existed in the ancient Idolatrous k og domot I-gypt,recorded in Genesis (chap xlvll.V W) «tare the clergy wero paid by the crown, amona; «üier existingenli there That " Lo Blanc ' of Singleton, and other Slate Churchmen are chargeable, vv Ith tho palpable error of adopting the «uti tutlon of a kingdom which w as »iii gc ncru as their model fors Slate church- nu error as palpable as that of sttemptuijia perform hy human power und authority the miracle snd my«lcrj of tia burning bulli-the turning of a rod Into a ter pent-tho émancipation ot a race of slaves from their opprei sorsby a destroying angel-tho leading of them by «phis'« cloud and lire through a ena into a wilderness, maintain!« them there for fort} j ears by bread lrom heaven andtuull; leading them against the inhabitants of the promised lind, putting them to I he svv ord, and then tailing possession of utir country ,-an error as palpable as that of sub Uniting binnu power, authority, law and government In tho place of W which was divine-divinely purposed, and executed for speçul temporary ends. Ina word, forming and governing s sln|¡J0° in a manner In which no 1 ti "dom ever was or ever will te formed and governed, the ends having been accomplished for which It was specially created . That, therefore, alf reasoning for the adoption of the Jewln economy, either In vvholo or In part-the law of Its priesthood its sacriilces, its ministry and sen iocs-the end< for which un* were Instituted-tho means mid manner for thtir maintenu« -its national temple, by any modern kingdom must no1 only bo fallacious, hut too extremo of absurdity When any Stato Churchman ia able to point us to, and com maud tho power of creating such a dispensation a» the Jevtun one, then, and not till then, can wo admit thenosslblut) ot adopting it, but such, on the authority of the Word ofJj<* never can bo tho ease, for to that nalba only nerWortn n» adoption and the glory and the covenant« ana the tfvingoi the law, and Hie service and the promises whose aw u» 1 other a, and of whom, as concerning the deals, Christ caine who Is over all, God blessed for ever , " . .." Apart,thon, from tin fatal error tint Ilei st thefbnnditm of all reasoning in favour of a State church, drawn irorain« constitution of tho kingdom of Israel, and the error also ci confounding tho New Testament church with that kingdon which vv as not a church, but a nation, wo will proceed to ino» that its national services were not, as ¡»tate Churchmen siy. compulsorily, but voluntarily, supported , . ... A «ord, howover, In passing, to show, aa vveprorolaea is» the Jevvlah nation was not a church, in tho NcwTwJsraentana proper sense of the word Tho immediate objcotl of tie wyo» coco to Its precept« was to secure Individual »na lamuy"" national peace, health, plenty, and goderai outward P.rMPcmL It proposed nothing higher tiwi these Again. It denounc« no greater oartes for neglect and disobedlonco tbsji tneww» drawal of theso earthly blessings and the iutliotion of war, cap- tivity, famine, pestilence, and general adversity ".""JJ point« to the future- nover speaks or aplrltaal rewards, an» punishments or a futuro lito rho tarthly, not the hesreOT Cannan is the object of immediate, and constant contemplai»" Or Christ s kingdom, Ho emphatically declares It li not.«"¡t world Again, take no thought for your lia, what i « «halu» or what ye shall drink-nor yet for your body what ye ana» put on, for after all these things do the Ucutllei ««."ii Beck yo first tho kingdom of God, and all theso things shall m added unto you, lor tho kingdom of God Is not meat «nd anna (as tile kingdom of Israel was), but righteousness .«.na pea« and Joy in tho Holy Ghost. Ivo spiritual aualiHcstlon wurt i quired for admission to tho kingdom or Israel i bul¡Jw» u* kingdom ol Christ wo cannot enter "except se bo hornis««T. Tho earthly nature of the kingdom of Israel, and tin> W«1UV oharaotcr of the Chuioh ol Uirlat, is apparent, Jlio d «wne«» ono of total opposition-the ono denies tho world and I»'»"'! Heaven, tho otlior wholly to earth Fortho earthly bleaslngsao» curaca attnohed to tho Jewish economy, seo I'«j». Ä ">n, j», mid io Wo say, then, that tho kingdom of «rael *« not a church _, _.,, u. Wo now proceed to show that though not a Ohurçn hj ministry and service« wero all supported on »'C »oium«./ principle Wo will bo pointed, no doubt, to tithes as w triumphant refutation of this assertion What, however »a» tho basis on which the right of Hie trlbo or Uvl to the mu» rested? Apaitlrora their pnbllo services, wo ven uro oom dently to Billi in that no clergy or priesthood can »d»»nteuw shndow or a similar title That tifio being founded on s PtT olplo of natural justice viz , Hint after being «««»ST LV.n«n tolls and hasards ol tho war of subjugating tho land or una»» In common w 1th the other tribes, when that land wai awi»«» tho trlbo of J.ovl recolved no torrltorlnl Inhorltance a» tM«11» tribes did, but In lieu of that, and for their publlo »««'Çft " tenth ol tho produce of the othor tribes was swIgnM W "»«i1 as their inherltance Can tho olergy of any 8t»t»,S5.u. lïndf vnnco a similar title to thu tltho of tho producá of any isT' Again, those tithes wore not exacted by legal foroe-mcr»" prescribed, but the pcrlormanco of that presortptlon wo« '» entirely to tho will of tho people Accordingly, wo a"11 "ÏÏ during the existence of the Kingdom ol Israel Jho tUloT rel\iktd or nigkotid and Ihe priests and I oviles had to dm«" UiemBelvoBtothe cultivation ol the ground CouldMichatnin« ocoui to thu clergy of a btato Church »ho«» prov ision seemed to thom by lorcu ol law? Imponible! Agsui great law for Ihusupi oil of the ministry and »e"10'» JJ VS Kingdom or Israel, vv hioh permcutcd and bifluonccd e»«r/«' from its heait to ii« remote exliem tit« from beginning W«» is to be found lu these words ot the Lord to »oses,»»'»g. «bpiakuiito the Children oi Isiail, that thoy bringw»*« oflirliig ol eviry man that piveth It wlUlngly with hu "T£ yo sbafi tako my ottering " Tho term oflerlng. tue,burnt oner fcgVtu» pese« oflcring, tho ita offering, ««fort/topi» «« volney nature oftlieTot Outlaw "owrcferrcd to.the teberaaçleintbov41dc^ t wWoh lew. and the second te«gl0Xcd and the wholo or the servicea **&%&*&& conclusion ¿to bo arrived at from the raaí Ä Israel ft IA the "cviccs of that economy wera ^^&tr;&&B;£X fa oven« the Parliameut. LE NOIR. Murrurundi, 18th April, 185D. 