MICEXCHJ3S OF X»HJ«tt Tt.ISXH, AWCIJEIVr ,1.111 i-z»a-9inrr. TOM SPUING— (Continued). Thia bold challenge wns evidently intended for Spring, nnd drew from him an early answer, in which, after alluding to Lnngnn's statement that he would fight any man who called himself Champion of England, on a stage, proceeds: — ' I have been pronounced the charac ter lie deacribes, and I am rcadj- to fight Langan, or any other man, for £500, on a roped ring on tho turf, or for gest — on an iron pavement if they choose.' Nothing, however, could induce Langan to fight otherwise than on n stage similar to that on which Crihb ami Moly neaux fought, and he continued to chnllengo Spring at every opportunity, till Spring eventually agreed to his terms, nnd appointed a meeting at Tom Cribb's, to settle tho preliminaries. On the evening appointed, great numbers of the Fancy assembled nt the Union Arms, Punton street, to witness the making of the match. In the confabulation, Spring suggested' that, as it was Langnn's wish to fight on n stuge, he ought to defray the expence of its erection ; to which Lankan replied that, in the event of his winning the fight, which he lmd no doubt ho should, ho would pay for tlio stage ' with all the pleaauro in lifo.' It was afierwarda agreed that the expenses of the stage should bj equally divided. The articles wero agreed to without much trouble, and in addition to tho uaual stipulations, it wns arranged that tlio fight should bo for £500 a .side, and to take plnco ' on a twenty feet stnge, to be boarded with deals not Ic-athnn three inches thick, without turf, nnd to bo six lew rrom tno grounu. un mo occasion oi mo seconu deposit nt ltandall'B, Langan offered to tako 70 to 40 that hn won. This was instantly laid him by Spring, when Langan said, '?I'll tell you what it is, Tom, you shall bet me 70 to 40 twice, and that will maku tho stake larger than lins ever been fought for bv nny two men in England.' This was accepted by Spring amidst much applause. Soon nfter tho making of the second match with Langan, Spring stnrted ou a spnrring tour, in company with the cx-chnmpion Tom Cribb, iind from their great popularity they were highly successful. At Manchester, the hero of this sketch waa presented with a magnificent silver cup. The Irish champion returned Io Dublin, whero he was well received. In returning thanks at his benefit, nt the Fishamble Street Theatre, he declared 'ho would support tho honour of his country while ho lived, nnd that no man who stood in shoo leather should bent him.' Lnngnn soon afterwards ro-visited London, to mnko a deposit of £200, and assisted at the benefit of his countryman O'Neil, who it win afterwards seen ho brought from Ireland to second him. Spring was also present, and on meeting with Lnngan n hearty welcome took place; 'they took each other's bands with the manliness nature had given them, and drank the toast ' Fair piny, and may the best man have hisreward.'' As soon aa tho last deposit (X20O a side) had been IllUUUf I U1IUU3 4l|f |IUV-ill-llHl£) nUlU IlllilHi HJ IIII1U VUU II^I-V coma oil' in particular districts. Tho oiler of Mr. llcw lings, of tho Swan lnn,,Chichestcr, to givo the men £200, and to provide a suitable spot in the neighbourhood of thnt town was ultimately accepted. Mr. Jacksonj who had the management of tho affair, instantly despatched Pierce Egan to make tho necessary arrangements forths choice of ground and the erection of tho stage. The snot chosen was a large fiold, about tbroo mile.' from Cui chester, one sido of which was bordered by tho canal', and it was only approachable from tho town by means'of a drawbridge, over which all tho passengers, horse and foot, must paaa. In tho course of the day preceding tho light, the stago having been erected; fifty-throe wa;jons were drawn into the field, and arranged into a circle of immenso magnitude. In addition to thoso wero several other elevations, including tho grand stand .from Kpsoni racecourse, which had been purchased for the occasion by Jack Martin, and for admission to which a guinea a head wns charged. Lnngnn, accompanied . by his backer, Captain O'Ncil, and his seconds, Tom Belcher and1 O'Ncil, arrived in Chichestcr on .thp afternoon prior to tho day of tho battle, and received every attention nt tht, Dolphin. It will be seen that Langnn fought under a Hack flag; Connected therewith, and ns showing the strong interest taken in the IrisKchampion by the higher classes of hia countrymen, the following nnccdoto has been related :— Colonol O'Brien and his lady arrived at tho Dolphin en route to tho Isle of Wight, and ou hear ing that Langan was in the houso they both expressed tho interest they felt in his success. ? Mrs. O'Brien also intimated n wish to present Langnn with some token of her kindly feeling, and she offered him a green handker chief in compliment to his country^ L'auRim said ho had ?not vanity enough to make hia humble etl'orts a question of national consideration, and lie thought thnt, if ho were to adopt the green colour, such a feclinp; might be im puted to him. Ho then accepted a black one. ? On tho morning ol tho fight. (Tuesday, 8th June, 1824- it was computed that thero were twelvo thousand noonle present, nnd. owinr? to tho oxccllenco. of .tho ar rangements, o ff&-*- Vluir wxa aecuicd to all. Soottnftor twelve Tom Cribb and Painter, with Belcher and O'.Neil, tho seconds, entered tho stngo, which was chnlkod,' where they wcrojoined by Spring, nfter throwing his hat in. The Irish champion ascended the stago, and in a very modest manner dropped hia hat upon it. 'While Spring wes taking off his boots Cribb and fainter put on knee caps mndo of chamois leather and wool on ac count of the following circumstance: — It having been circulated In Ireland that Painter used his kneo ngaiu3t Langan while, he was on the ground in tho fight at Wor cester, n sergeant-major in a marching regiment quar tered nt Norwich, and occasionally visiting the house of Painter, observed, ' By J — — , Mr. Painter, I'll take enro you don't hurt Langan this timo with your knees. I'll havo a couple of knee-caps mado for; you both, anil if you mean to givo Jack fair play I insist that; you wear them during the battle.' Everything bciugrendy, tho colours — dark bluo bird's eyo for Spring, and black for Langan, wero tied to the stage; ? The word -was given by- the commaoder-in-chief, and after an exchange of courtesies between the principals the battle commoiiccd. Betting : 2 to 1 and 5 to 2- on Spring. On appear ing nt thoscratch it was evident that both were in tip -top condition, Spring about lOstr 41b, arid Jack about 12st. Tho atti tudes of both ivoro first-rato. Langan seemed all anxiety to commence, while his opponent was cool, collected, and watchful. After sparring for n 'short time, Langan im patiently led off with his left, but was stopped in Spring's usual easy style. ? Spring, moro -fortunate, delivered at Jack's snuffbox, but boing too high reached his forehead, just betweori his ogles.' Langan' rushed.in to oloso, and seizing. Tom by the shoulder.-., endeavoured to grapple with him for tlio fall. This Tom avoided/and would not suffer him to entwine his logs. The struggle was both nervous and scientific. Tom ultimately got hls~ right arm disentangled, and with tho rapidity of lightning lie caught Jack on the smeller. Ho thus released himself and stepped back, only to renew tho fighting with both hands, which led to a sharp rally and a second close, Langan seeming anxious to display his powor of throw ing, and after a long strugglo Spring succeeded in getting tho throw, and Langnn fell on his knees. This round elicited immense cheering from tho assembled thousands. In the second round Spring was, ns usual, cautious and steady, stopping all Larigan's hits with tho exception of one body LIoh'. Jack again rushed to a close, ' hut was unablo to get' the- crook ; nftcr n lone struggle Spring broko away., A' rally, iu which .Spring got tlio best. . Langnn, in rushing to in-fighting, with the intention of closing for tho throw, .was mot by a flush hit in tho middle of hia dial, which staggered him. Ho, however, succeeded in closing, and, after a protracted and vigorous struggle, Spring was thrown, Langau on ^ilni. . These two rounds occupied eight minutes, and tho supposed great superiority of wrestling powers oii the part of the Irish champion was far from established. In the third round, after somo good milling, in which Shrincr stonncd some, well-intended hits.1 Si-rinc had the best of tho fall. In tho following round Lnngnn suc ceeded in drawing the cork of his ppponoiit, and after another dreadful ? strugglo Spring, had tho best of tho !fall. The fight coutiuued in this style, Spring meeting Jack with sovcro props right or. left as ho caino inwitli a rush till tho seventeenth round, when, after some sharp Jlgluin£c,.LnnGan .threw Tom a heavy cross- buttock. As; ho fall his legs rebounded 't rum- thu stagu.liko a tennis, ball. Tho fight proceeded slowly but surely in Spring's favour, till, at the. and of. forty minutes,, his left mawlcy was nearly tho size and somewhat tho shape of n boxing glove. Langau'a seconds, seeing this, advised him to loavo off wrestling, in which ho got a shade tho worst, and to fight with both ; hands. Spring, finding his hands going, and that ha was tho stronger man, resorted to [his rival's tactique, and often threw Langnn some tremendous bursters. In the thirty-second round Langan was thrown heavily, his neck coming doirn on the edge of tho lower rail of tho stage, and Spring on him. 1'or the next ten rounds Spring met him repeat - cdly with lunging hits on the head till Langan appeared dreadfully punished, and nearly bewildered, It was re peatedly urged on his backers thnt ho ought to betaken away, but tlio bravo Irishman would not consent. Iu tho forty-Bixth round 'tho whole ring expressed astonish mont at tho game with which L.ingam came to tho scratch. lie made a comparatively vigorous rally, but received some chopping hits on tho head, and went down, Spring on. him.' Langan struggled on, enduring great punishment, occasionally showing signs of renewed vigour. In tho sixty-sixth round hu astounded the ipectators with hia determined strugglo for the full, both fulling with severity. Soon after ho again fell weak, and wna so nearly blind thnt ho could scarcely aeo Ilia antagonist. At tho expiration of 1 hour ami 42 minutes, seeing thnt Lnngnu hnd not tho ghost of n chance, tho spectators were vociferous iu their demands that ho should bo taken nway, ou tlio scoro of humanity. Captain O'Neil, tho friend nnd backer of tho Irish champion. n''i^' mu wiini»n;n mui in: urn nob wuiiL lor UIIIUU'.,;. and that ho waa satisfied in his own mind that, e ?-.;,' n lio statoof Spring's hands, no il«n»«sr 'ould aviso ^otliol'm was fighting for £200 of hia own battle-r-. .it twelve therefore, had no right to intorfcro. -U had?i'AFFKY, S tho fight, been loft in the. hands * Belcher, yrlio ho was ' * ' '' longor than was «- 