fining. The Sludge meeting -at die Monte- zuma was hardly so , expressive a manifestation of the feelingBallarat upon the " sludge businees r as - was desirable. "0"r jr^^^m^^ mñ^r claims in the inatter are beyond nla pute, and it only rests with UB topush the one to obtain the other. There is a way of doing this, and the people of Ballarat know the way if they will but shake off their apathy, jand unite in the work of urging upon our slowgoing Government the rights of the district. Delay is dangerous in the matter, and may be fatal to some ; and all should therefore be anxious to help forward the movement in favor of a rapid sitting of the commission of enquiry and an adequate disbursement of revenue for the important purposes in question. An encroachment dispute was heard yesterday fThursday) before Mr War- den Foster between Kirk and Company complainants, and O'Brien, and party, defendants, Mr Walsh for. complain- ants, and Mr M'Dermott for defendants. The dispute related to some ground at Brown HilL which complainants claimed to hold under au extended area grant made in connection with the late 80th clause of the regulations, and upon which it was alleged defendants had encroached. The gist of the argument was the validity of the extended area grants, and, as connected with these, defend- ant's counsel pronounced also upon the water privileges granted by the Local Court, and ratified by the Mining Board. Mr M'Dermott spoke in not very complimentary terms of the Local Court and Mining Board, and agreed that the water grants were valueless, and anybody might help himself to Kirk's or anybody else's water if he pleased, in so far as the validity of said grants was concerned. Mr Walsh re- plied on the other side, and expressed a desire to hear a speech from Mr M'Dermott on the merits of the sludge question. Ultimately, after a long hearing, the Warden reserved his de- cision till 2 p.m. on Friday. Applications for mining leases in this district appear in Tuesday's Ga- zette. The first application notified is that of John Martin and William Smith, who apply for 300 yards at the lower end of Sim- mons's reef at Blackwood. The value of their machinery is set down at £2000, and their capital at £500. The machinery consists of the usual quartz crushing plant, as water-wheel, stamping battery engine, shaking table, &ce.;, and is at present working on the ground. The second applica- tion is from Joseph Hudson, William Lack, William Crook, and J. Brooks- candage for 200 yards of quartz reef at old Kyneton Camp, Blackwood. This is a more pretentious company, their capital being estimated at £2,700 and their machinery at the same amount. They have a water quartz crushing mill now on the ground, and propose to erect a twenty- horse power engine. The 15th March is fixed for the issue of the leases if no valid objections are made in the interim. The leasing regulations are now in force at Sandhurst. The district mining surveyors held a meeting on the 10th instant for the purpose of consulting together upon the regulations submitted by the Board of Science with regard to the compilation of plans, tracings, and reports of the several subdivisions of the district. At the first blush some of the requirements of the Board seemed utterly impracti- cable. At last such was the interpre- tation put upon them by one or two of the surveyors. But a conference of the body appears to have done away with this notion, and to have resulted in an acceptance of the requisitions. Divers resolutions were adopted, and have been transmitted to the Board of science, setting forth the willingness of the surveyors to concur in the views of the Board, and pointing out several preliminaries indispensable to the actual carrying out of the work. Among these is the obtaining tracings of the Government district maps, necessitating supplies of tracings of the districts of Tarradale and Geelong, both of which include portions of the Mining District of Ballarat. Some enterprising projectors have conceived the idea of establishing a Mining Institute on Ballarat, but whether to be a branch of the Mel- bourne Institute, oran independent asso- ciation is perhaps scarcely determined upon yet. Such an institution would no doubt be very useful, and there is no novelty in the idea, for it formed part and parcel of that poor unfortunate Industrial Institute, of which every- body has heard and which nobody has yet seen. We are getting tired of new projections of this description. The memory of other ventures that have died in their inception, or are igno- miniously perishing for lack of support, compels us to long for concentrated | action upon some one thing till it is accomplished. Nothing has yet been done defini- tively as i égards the bungled Mining Board Election. Candidates are as plentiful as opinions about the best way of getting rid of the sludge, and there is likely to be some spirited contests ; but the invalidity of the election is ever looming up as a possible means of disagreement and final delay. Mr Sherard, we believe, purposes to let things take their course, and to have the election on the statutory day, let what will come of it. And if disap- pointed candidates and the public do not interfere, we presume the Mining Board, so elected, will do as well as if it wei« perfectly in accord with the statute-that is if the lawyers do not at some future time attempt to make use of the blunder in legal disputes. We have no fresh intelligence from the new rush at the Little Hard Hills, at least none of any moment. There is no actual proof of a gutter as yet, we understand. The ground is well taken up, and is euro to have a thorough testing. Esmond'e Clunes Company is ï now in a more promising condition. Nearly all the shares are disposed ot we hear, and Mr Survevor Phillips is oft the grant surveying, for the purpose of determining the best position for the erection of the ; plant, and the com- mencement of operations. The com- mittee go out next week, and in a short time a general meeting *>f the ; shareholders .will take place, when some definite arrangement will be made for the initiation of the works. The Black Hill Flat Company,"which has lately given up'the ghost, has emerged into new life under other auspices. A new company has been formed, to be worked on the co-opera- tive principle, and operations were begun on Tuesday last. 