'? , ' ' . OLYMPlb THEATRE. : I II ia not sasy 't'o coricoive liow Buekttoho'a drama of tho *' Qroon Bnolies,'' ployed qn Saturday at the Olym pic, achlovod Bucb nft 'i utlittue poptilntity In London. The plot la, itnelfii improbable, and iiectdedly roinautio. . vhllot fho' *hefi-- and -.lioroltie are very oo ntnnn.p'ntie pooplc. Tho bUief peraona|;e, 'atjd nround vrhom the ? attention of an audience coniret, ia, in our opinion, the fnstor-alet«r, Nelly O.We!l, a beautifully drawn olmrac ter. .'It It Bhe, wlw ti, her love for tho clill I I oft to hor care, her £rief . at Its lou, lior.wnnd^tin^i nbou't the , couutry to recover IttWid her oxtr^^jaut Joy at once Btfdill fo (1 nor It In her- artn^V »!-.? J- .1— l..t t. ? Who attracts tlio dospest Intercut, and H, the cynosure of ? ell beholder*. Nelly is a bright creation, ^worthy of tho Kenla! RitcSctWne. and her atroug lore lights up the play, as vrilb a glary. . But luctia picture ag Nelly O' Neil dedcrved better accessorie* tlion Grinnidgo and Jaok Gong, Uurtoeh, GeorgoO:Kennedy, &c; ,&o.; Thedramn ,111 fact l- essentially an Adelphl drama, and therefore abounds in fttrong contrast! and tho very bro.idest . humour. Nolly red-emt it from vulgarity— without her. It would lw unbearable. ; In tho pertonution of thiii eharaoterMra Crosby achieved a docidcd succcos, and so thoroughly did »hc Identify liersolf with the part, that alio beguiled moro than ono of theaudioneo of their team. Slio dUploypri groat tendernott and pathos, and tho alte , ratlcii* Of light and iiljSfle, from ' gravo to giy, from lively to severe' were moit artiatlcall? rendered. We . havo teen Joey Gougenhelm play Nelly, and she was a RlevOr actrcna, but alio lacliud that true conception of the Iri»h character which tlr» Ctojby undoubtedly posBcssos. Joey's acting wna too mechanical, wberi«« Mrs Crosby'a !? thoroughly natural, and'appeala at onco to tho heart. Wbiin an artist abandons herself to her character, and playi 1 con amore,' iho may rely In nvJaking and touch .'^^?POpoUf ?ymjpathy. Thobostbltor aclinij after 'itre Crosby's wan by Barry, who played Djnnia This gentleman la not ranch known yet, but in certain Iri#h characters ha Is unapproachable. He can play the . atolid Irishman, who (a Ijnoranf,- but yat wlioaa nataro ia leatroned as it wore by tlio spirit of humour working within,. capitally. -HI# brdg&a; ,i» perfection, malcc up complete, and any one who hai lived, orpeclally in tho : South of Ireland, will rccogni«o atones Barry'o irishman. Ho has tba indescribablo, rollicking sort of sait, tho vscant stare, tho twist of tho mouth, tbo twinklo of tbe eyo, the movement of tho bady — in a word ho is an Irishman. With itudy, nerseveranco, and encourago nieot, wo predict lor Mr lUrry same distinction as a re presentatWa of ccrtain Irish characters. Wo hare not seen John Drew. yet, bat in our oxperiencc of some seven jeais in tbo colony,' we hare not witnesaod tho equal of iiarry in such a character for inataneo as DennlK. Mrs UrifDths a« Moj is a'so worthy of apeciai notice. It was a amUl part but eJtcollently played, much belter than anything vet presented to ua by that lady Mrs Poole and Mr Edward* in their rcspectivo cliaraoters playol with all the earo and correctness that always dark their elforta, whilst Sir Andrews and Mr S. ? Howard, the fttnny gezulcmon of tho plvce, wero as mirth provuking as usual. Mr Haskcr's Intproveinent is riiiblc enough, 'and bis Murtoch was a creditable performance. Mr tliran bad an ungracious part to play, quite foreign to his eccentrio style, and cool polished manner. The drama was well mounted, and gavo great satisfaction to a-totorably numerous audience. Wo aro pleased to see that the Olympic hoi been eo ®eir patronised, and rsally tbe company have deserved it, for in Syiaey itself tho public csnnnt witnes-, as we hiirodone, eix different plays in a wezit. Considering th# dlfficuliiea inaspar.ablg in producing novehirt nightly, C£to gresi study involved, nnd the anxloty and desiro of all to shino, the company under Mr Edwards's manage ' mont deserves the warmest encouragement. On Monday night u llamlet' was produced, wlion, notwithstanding the Philharmonic Institute weft) giving a concert elsewhere, there was a good house. The Hamlet of Mr Edwards la one of hia best performances, and evinces a critical study of tho part. There is no violence Dor rant, bat we ho»e instead tho musings of the irreso lute prinoa, full 'of meekness and melancholy,'' and \- whose actions are all '» sicklied o*er with the p.i!« east of thought.' lis la made hy Mr lid wards thoroughly human, and is all hia uaroerw« notico how Ins.iuctitoly ho turns awxy . from thoughts of a bloody revenue Upon his antio. Though bo baa all the incentive* to notion— ?'?a father murdered,' and a mother stained —he still hasitcWa, and moralises, loses opportuoitiea, drifts away with tlio tide or evcuiB, anu, ' lapVd in tlma and posdon, lets go hy. tlio important acting of the dread feolntnalld.' All these character! .tics were skilfully aud artistically displayed' bj Mr Edwnrdn. In tbo first soliloquy, that this too too solid flush would melt,'' grief at his gather's death, and distraction at his mother's marriage, were visibly blond ud, and Ills ntieraucea were those of a man diatrnught, and tlUnkiug aloud. There was psreeptible, too, a wearin.-sa of tlio world, nnd all within it; bat as the sun breaks through tho thickest clonda, so, In' Hamlet, the tnempry of his. fither'a exccl ' lent qualities gleams in npo'n IiU darUoit moods, and lights him back U rooM-ti and to imture. Throughout tlio various across Mr Edwards was^ pariicularly careful to iudicato tlio proud filial fueling which is n character Uttcj.fHimlot.i We notlcol, too, that in tho ghost ' icen cColiii! 3 'liis swdrJh«Tiind hiin . WEpa foJ lowing' his father's spirit— aa action meant to show his trust in tlio disembodied royal Dane, and desire to his friends not to follow him. Ke'ari.'wa bolievp.jned to do the snmo. In Iho scenes with tho daughte^o/ Polunlus, Mr Edward* played with much ten ierness, and in his tones and gestures betrayed how he loved the fair Ophelia. In his last interviews with her, where he exclaims, ' Go to o nunnery, K''' his voice was agitated ity contending uniolinns, and his farewell of her was like the knell of liopJ. It is less grateful to us to point ont that ilr Edwards did not oonu up to our ex pectations in tho sceno witll Laertes at tho burial of Ophelia, if there be any occasion where Hmnlet loses his philosophio control, and Icta passion asacrt full sway, it ia hero. The language shows it, anil the occasion Jus tiDea it. Tlio lines commencing, ' Wli »t is bo whose grief bsara auch on emphjVm,' were delivered very tamely, whereas, in oar opinion, the whole scene ought to bo tumultuous, and overpowering. We are disposed to consider the Hamlet of Mr EdwnrJs his best creaiion. Sirs PojIo, no Qtieen Gertrude, was scarcely regal enough, hut her delivery of the lines deacribing.Ophelia s death was marked with wonderful delicacy, poetic beauty, and refined tendameas. f^ast night the performances were,for the benefit of Mr John Patrick, the' proprietor of the theatre, and com prised 'Camillo,'' ana 'Catclilnj; nn Heiress.' We have gpoken before of Mrs Poolo's admirable impersona tion of Camilla, and it aulHceth now to say that ahe sus tained the favorablo reputation sho enjoys in this par ticular character. Tho other persons of tho play were also well represented. To-night Douglass Jorrold's beautiful play of the ' Housekeeper' will h' performed, tho^ ' Itough Dia ' TOond,' and ' Mr and Mrs Peter White.' 