VICTORIA. rFrom onronrn ComttDondent.1 Melbourne, 20th ApriL 1859. A tiger hunt in Little Bourke-street is not an everyday occurrence, as you may suppose, and never was, not even when this favored haunt of Celestial men and anything but Celestial women, was nothing more than bush, and 'wild in woods the noble savage ran ;' wherefore I may be excused for giving precedence to this great event. It came off at an early hour on Saturday morning, -wttfen few Bports men were abroad, and the Chinamen had all the fun to themselves. The noble animal first presented himself in the back yard of a Chinese store, in the above-named locality, and made an early breakfast off cnow-cnow, some jugged rats, aogtau coup, ana pickled birdsnests which he discovered on the pre mises; after which he ascended a staircase into a room where two pig-tails were sleeping, and passing his paws over their faces to convince himself that the Mongols Were human, he woke one of them, who immediately began to ' hi yah' at the intruder, which so terrified the otherwise brave bsast that he precipi tately retreated. Ey the time the tiger had got down Stairs, the whole neighbourhood was . aroused, and ' Ho Mi, Wat Fun, Ere Sa Go, Luk Out,' and a hun dred other fiat-nosed, yellow-visaged, oblique-eyed Celestials, had armed themselves with chop sticks, bamboos, and wooden shoes, and were ?vociferating at the tiger as only Chinamen can voci ferate. The miserable beast, bawilderad by the up roar, presented a spectacle worthy of commiseration, but like Marley's ghost the Chinamen 'had no bowels,' and one of them, emboldened by the cowed aspect of the animal f ventured to attack him with a tooth-pick or some other offensive weapon. This was more than the flesh and blood of a striped Bengalee ^ could stand. To be jobbed at by a mob of Celestials 'was a sufficient indignity, without being prodded by a presumptuous pig-tail ; so the tiger flew at his assailant and left his royal mark on his shoulder. .. Immediately there was a general cry of something equivalent to squve qui petit, and the terrified China men scampered off in all directions, the tiger play '?'-'? fully snapping at their legs as they retreated. In the meantime the proprietor of the menagerie had arrived, and having -propitiated his run-away ward by the gift of a few hundredweight of raw beef, and brought round his cage to the spot, succeeded in prevailing upon him to enter it, which he did. The wounded 'Chinaman was conveyed to the hospital, where he is doing well, and the menagerie has been since visited by shoals of Celestials curious to behold the tiger which swallowed a mouthful of live Mongol without its particularly disagreeing with the poor beast. A deputation of members of the Chamber of Commerce in this city waited upon the Chief Secre rary on Thursday last, for the purpose of presenting a remonstrance against the present arrangement by ?which the mail calls at Kangaroo Island on its way hither. The memorial seems to have originated with Mr. F. B. Franklyn, the proprietor of the Herald, and an impression prevails that the action he is taking in the matter is not so disinterested and public spirited as people unacquainted with journalism, might be induced to suppose. The Argus deals with the question in a more generous spirit, and observes: — 'When a group of colonies sncept the principle of co operation, and agree to share the burden of an enterprise between them, some definite rule must be adopted to regulate the distribution of the charges. It L- impossible in any case that such a role should exhanst all the conditions involved. If we adopt the principle wUh reference to the mail service, of a proportionate payment according to the number of letters transmitted— the fairest principle, and the one we have actually bound ourselves to — there are still special advantages and disadvantages, resulting from differ ences in geographical position, which we cannot equalize. We must either, in this case, allow Adelaide to enjoy the special advantage of her closer proximity to England by the Suez route, or we must make that circumstance subject her to a special disadvantage— the steamer bearing her desptches passing her very doors. It appear* to us, that to insist on such a condition as this is not only fc- exhibit a somewhat churlish spirit, but to violate the principle which has been made the basis of tlie contract. It woull be well if some convenient place for receiving and landing the South Australian mails lay more exactly in the direct ronte of the steamer from King George's Sound to Hobson's Bay, but the spirit of the con' ract certainly implies an obligation to put Adelaide in connection with the path the mail travels with as little as possiMe unnecessary delay, t ' We very reuch question if the detention to be expected from this stoppage in not somewhat exaggerated by the memorialists. On the other liand, they have overlooked the boon that will be conferred on the general community, and on such mercantile houses as have, or choose to hsve, Ade laide agents, by the two davs' anticipation of the mail's sdvkesi secure I by the telegraph. Tills is an important ele ment in the question, overlooked by the Chamber of Com merce, except where they intimate their acquiescence in the calling at Nepean Bay of 'the steamer Jtomeirards, because It will enable them to supplement their despatches ' Ati enquiry into the cause of a fire which occurred on the 8th inst., in some premises occupisd by Mr. Caspar Joseph I/ieven, at No. 15, Flinders-lane, has resulted in a verdict declaring them to have been wil fully set. fire to by Lieven. He is a general dealer, ?was insured for £400 in the Melbourne Insurance Company, and values bis stock at £600. The only political topic of discussion just now afloat, apart from the everlasting land question, is the' attempt of Mr. Ireland, the Solicitor-G-aneral, to get himself appointed Minister of Mines, in the event of ?uch an oMee being created, of which there is gome probability, as the sinecure office of Postmaster General wiUjitissupposed, be blended with that of the Commissioner of Trade and Customs. Mr. Ireland's claims to the new portfolio consist in his singular in capacity for the office, and in the fact of his being notoriously the most ' disreputable' member of the present Administration. He has ' tried his prentice * hand' on numerous mining measures, and they have all proved disastrous failures, so that his legislative experiments have become quite a by-word among the digging community. The escorts brought down 48,000 ounces Ia6t week, and the new rush at Back Creek, Amheret, appears to be turning out well, though not sufficiently so to maintain the whole of the 25,000 or 30,000 people ?who have emigrated thither. The correspondent of a local paper says : — ' The most important instances of individual success that have lately come under my notice are — 51b. weight to one bucket ; 14J oz. to a load ; 1 oz. 16 dwt. off a bottom ; 2 lb. to load, and 4 oz. to a bucket from the same claim. A portion of the cement is also exceedingly valuable — 1£ lb. yielded 8 ozs., and 2 lb. of the same yielded 1 oz. 13 dwts. We extract the following from Melbourne papers to the 20th instant : — Awful Death. — We believe the following piece of information, of which we are in receipt, without giving a guarantee for its authenticity : — A miner, of Daisy TTill, had within the last few days the rare luck of bottoming upon stuff that yielded, on the average, ten ounces to the bucket, and such an effect had this good fortune upon the unfortunate man that he worked for three days and nights successively, until, what ?with exhaustion and excitement, he fell dead. — Ararat Express. Taeifp Reform League. — A meeting of the sup porters of the Tariff Reform League was held in the Magna Charta Hotel, Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Councillor Thomas Rae in the chair. At the last meeting a committee was appointed to inquire' into the best means for promoting the objects of the Iieagne. The Committee advised that a course of public meetings should be held in the several electoral districts, for the purpose of disseminating their doc trines, and that an energetic agitatiou should be kept up prior to the ensuing general election; the candidates moreover being required to pledge themselves to eunport the a-nendment of the tariff — i.e. protection. The report was adopted almost unanimously, there only being two persons who held up their hands against it, in a room con taining about 120 individuals. Ths various speakers,, with the exception of the'two persons just alluded to, ?who proposed an amendment condemnatory of the report, but which was received with a storm of disap probation, expressed themselves strongly in favor of a protective duty being placed upon all manufactures imparted ; into the colony. In their -opinion, they said, Although the price of many things would be doubtfesB-considerably increased by a system of pro tection^ yet the working-classes would have so much more inipjbvnient that they -would be sure to be greatly benefitted. It was further observed that whilst the protection that was sought to be established in England by the opponents of the Anti-Corn Law League was merely for the benefit of one particular class — viz., tne landlords — wnat tne protection xann Jjeague now wanted to obtain was for the benefit of the masses — i.e., the working-classes. — Argus. Cbimhtal. — At the Criminal Court the case of John Hughes, charged with assaulting James West -wood, at Collingwood, excited a great deal of in terest. Hughes was found guilty and sent to gaol for one month, his Honor the Chief Justice observing at the time of passing sentence that no money penalty ?would compensate the injuries inflicted on Mr. West wood. Thomas Fitzsimon3, of Woodend, was found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The lightneea of the sentence was the consequence of the prisoner's previous good character. — : Age. Mb. 'Evjjrs. Fowxes ask the ' S. M. Heraib.' — 2Ir. Frank Fowler, author of 'Southern Lights and Shadows,' has provoked from the Sydney paper* tome most extraordinary disclosures respecting his. personal character and deportment while a resident in \- that city. Frank ostentatiously announces himself on his title-page as ' late of Her Majesty's Civil Ser vice of New South Wales.' The -S. M. Herald's en. pianation of thia absurd puff is simply that Mr. j?owler, having been a reporter on the Umpire was ' appointed additional assistant shorthand writer to the Legislativs Council,' an appointment which lie did not long retain, as he was incapable of per fwprg $*? cw»»- - -?'#'* &f;* ** fy*nty speaks much more decisively of Mr. Frank's character, de nouncing him as a ' measureless liar' and ' swin dler.' According to this authority, every step of his career in tke cclonr rrf!« disgraceful. His first advent is thus described:*' lie suited himself as a schoolmaster to the female emigrants who were coming out in the Kate, and thereby effected a notable stroke of economy. Frank's notions of how cto teach the young idea how to shoot,' seem to have been peculiar, for he so far improved the opportunity afforded him by his position as to seduce one of his pupils, and she has since joined that class whose fete he pretends with whining hypocrisy, to lament, as the 'lambs that have wandered from the great human flock.' ' — Age. By the Corio, we have Melbourne papers to April 22nd, being two days later than previous dates. We select what appears to us of most general interest :— Victoeia AGBicrarOTtAi Society. — The annual show of grain and agricultural produoe, under the auspices of this society, was held.. April 20th, at the Exhibition Building. The show of grain and pota toes was extremely good; but in respect to the articles classed under the heads of root and green crops, fruits, and dairy produce, the samples exhibited were comparatively few, and several of the prises were not competed for. Thn exhibition was visited during the day by a large number of gentlemen interested in agriculture. The Judges were— For grain, Messrs. Eobson, John Brown, and John Nuttal ; for potatoes, roots, dairy produce, and green crops, Messrs. William Johnstone, David, Chrystal, and. John Greenaway ; for seede, fruits, «ud wines, Messrs. Batt and Bdney. The following is the list of prizes for cereals : — WHEAT, 20 BUSHELS. First prize, gold medal, ? Thompson, Fort Fairy; second prize, gold, medal, Them. Smith, Melton ; third .prize, silver medal, John Maxwell, Whlttlesea. £M)BB, S.O00 LBS., HfSOO £B. BAGS. First prize, gold medal, Samuel BamEden, Melbourne ; second prize, gold medal, James Brown. Melbourne. ENGLISH BABLEY, 20 BUSHELS. First prize, gold medal, Robert Munday, Lower Plenty ; second prize, gold medal ? Thompson, Tower HilL OATS, 20 BUSHELS. First prize, gold medal, D. D. Timon, Olsborne ; second prize, silver medal, William Thompson, Gisborae; third inize, silver medal, Albert Burnes, Lower Plenty. CAPE BARLET, 20 BUSHELS. First prize, sliver medal, Marcus Macartney, Fort Fairy ; second prize, silver medal, ? Thompson. Fort Fairy. EXTRA PRIZE, CAPE OATS. William Saville, Lower Plenty. In reference to the quality of the articles exliibited, we extract for the information of our country readers the following critique from the agricultural report of the Argus .- — 'The -wheat was better than at the last show,, particularly the sample which took the first prize. This was grown in the Western district, near Belfast, and has been little injured by the wetness of the sea son. That which took the second prize was a small grained, heavy red wheat, grown in the Melton dis trict, and also in very good condition. There vrere besides some other good samples of red wheat of dif ferent kinds. ' In regard to the barley, there was a general com plaint of the want of due care in the dressing and preparation of the most of the lots which were shown. Some were foul from a mixture of wheat, oats, and drake, while others were badly cleaned, and not half hummelled. The prize samples were of fair quality, but not very superior. ' Of oats, there were a good many entries, all Tartarian except one sample of potato-oats, not allowed to compete as being the property of a dealer, and some bags of the ugly-looking Cape oats. There were also field peas and beans, and some good maize in the cob. ' Among the root crops were plenty of large and apparently good potatoes, and several mangolds, which although not very large, were firm and well-grown. The Brighton onions were exhibited again, and attracted much attention, such specimens not being often seen in the country gardens. ' The green maize shown was not very large, but there were several fine bundles of sorghum, and some of a very inferior kind of millet, with a seed almost similar, but the plant itself sadly deficient in saccha rine matter, and, therefore, in nutriment for stock. Care should be taken not to confound these plants, for they bear no comparison in point of value. ' Of dairy produce there was not a very large col lection, some of the baskets of. butter, however, looking fresh, and firm. Nor was the fruit in any quantity. There were only two entries of grapes, one of white Muscadine, to which the first prize was awarded, and the other of black grapes, principally Hamburg and St. Peter's. Only two samples of wine were exhibited, and both were of the same character, sweet and rather luscious. Although on tasting every one proclaimed them to have a most decided flavor of burnt sugar, the makers declared that they were prepared from the pure unadulterated juice of the grape.' The Port Phillip Ploughing Match. — The Port Phillip Farmers' Society have issued their pro gramme of the ploughing matches for the coming season. There are to be six in the surrounding dis tricts, and one near Melbourne, besides the champion match for the cup, to be contested for by the winners in the several districts. It will be seen, also, that a winner in one district will, according to a new regu lation, be disqualified from competition in any other, except for the cup. This will prevent one man from carrying off several of the district prizes, and will be the cause ot bringing a greater number together in tne final trial of skill for the Champion Cup, at the ter mination of the season. District matches are to be held for Mornington, the Kangaroo Ground and Plenty, Bacchus Marsh, Melton, the Pentland Hills and Ballan, Donnybrook, Bulls, and Gisborne. The Mornington branch match is to take place at the farm of Mr. Thomas Walton, five miles east of Dan denong, by the Gipps Land-road, on Wednesday, the 4th May. Three prizes for horse teams, ranging from £2 to £6, and three for bullock-teams are offered as well as prizes for the best teams on the ground. In the Melbourne district six prizes, from £1 to £10, are to be given for work done by horses or bullocks in harness and driven with reins, besides medals for the boys and best teams. A Sub-committee has been appointed to seleet the ground for this match, and to fix the day, and make outer arrangements. The society are now calling on- persons having ground within a circuit of 10 miles round town, and suitable for this match, to notify the same to the secretary before Monday next. The Victobian Insolvency Laws. — If our in solvency system wanted any further argument for its total and immediate extinction, it may be found in a decision of the Supreme Court yesterday. Judge Barry has given the coup de grace a more extraor dinary case, or a more extraordinary result has never vet occurred, even in Victorian litigation. In the insolvency of one Brawn, Mr. Courtney was the official assignee, and Mr. Bayne was the solicitor. The assets amounted to £518, and if at once divided would have yielded, a dividend of three shillings in the pound, but they were exhausted by litigation till the dividend was reduced to twopence halfpenny ! The litigation was against one of the creditors, and failed ; the creditor- defendant was of course entitled to his costs, and they were of course paid out of the estate, as well as the costs of the assignee. As 'regards him and bis solicitor, they were supported by the other creditors, and these gentlemen have no right to complain if they find their dividends swallowed up by law ; but surely neither they nor Mr. Courtney ought to be allowed to indulge their litigious propea sities at the cost of the very men whom they had oppressed by a fruitless action. — Herald. The Tabbing and Feathbbing Case. — The (3astlemaiiie correspondent of the Argus, writing April 20, says : — The Dalesford tar and feathering case came on for trial before his Honor Judge Biudon and a bench of magistrates. Mr. Aspinallmade a good speech, but no defence. A verdict of guilty was returned, and Cruikshank was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, Addiss to two months, and Reed and Patchill, being only servants, to one month each. The court was crowded throughout the pro ceedings. A Pobtable Pcddling-Machine. — The Castle maine Advertiser says : — Amongst other novelties, a portable puddung-macbine is on exhibition. The ex niDitor Biases tnat it may oe worxea Dy nana, norse, or steam power, and that he is open to enter into arrangements to puddle and wash several thousand loads a day, if required, and to amalgamate the sludge as well as the tailings, in a manner not hitherto done by any machine ever used or invented. Even suppose his machine capable of accomplishing those desirable objects, the deficiency of water presents a serious obstacle to such a wholesale washing. The Cheltenham Musses. — The Melbourne papers contain long reports of the trial of Thomas Began, accused of kicking one John Oldham to death. The evidence was very conclusive, and the Jury returned a verdict of guilty. The Judge in the usual manner sentenced Began to death. The Argus, referring to the licensing system which exists in Victoria, says : — ' There are some notorious and discreditable facts connected with magistrates' licensing meetings. It is a fact, that gentlemen who never ordinarily take their seats on the Bench are found assiduous attendants on these occasions. If .the account given by our correspondent of the manner in which the Geelong Magistrates did the work they mustered to do be a correct one, it would be difficult to imagine a more shameless abuse of power. A seoond fact is, that many of these gentlemen who make their unwonted appearance in the Court-House on licensing-days, are known to have direct business relations with the applicants. With personal in terefti— often very «easideraibl« cpe»— thus involved, is it to be supposed that they bestir themselves into this fitful magisterial activity only from a pure con cern for the public good ? A much more probable supposition is' that they take their annual seat on the Bench just to look after the affairs of their own pcrkcts. There is a third fact. Solicitation by ap plicants for licences is a common practice. The Benchlaysitself opentoit. The Bench receives it with out feeling its dignity or self-respect ruffled. Does it receive anything more ? Are there any cases in which a douceur is given ? — to speak plainly. We know, of course, that landlords have tenants who must be put in a fair position to pay a good rent ; that wine and spirit merchants must sell their goods, and that the bulk of these commodities are consumed at the public-house bar, that members or would-be members of Parliament have influential supporters, and occasionally profes sional men valuable clients, to be obliged. But is the Bench amenable to charges of a more direct bribery ? What must it have descended to when such questions as these may even be asked of it ? And why may they not, when it is notorious that gentlemen in the commission of the peace submit to solicitation with* out feeling themselves insulted ?' An adjourned meeting of the ' Caledonian Society of Victoria,' says the Herald, was held at the Me chanics' Institute, on the 21st. The attendance was not numerous. The Hon. Donald Kennedy, the Pre sident of the Society, occupied the chair. Messrs. Dickson, Campbell, 'M'Gregor, Mitchell, Galbraith, and Finlayson, severally spoke upon the advantages to be derived from carrying out the objects of the Society, namely, the cultivation of national benevo lence, literature, customs, and accomplishments, ad vice and assistance when required to Scotchmen on their arrival in the colony, and to encourage the national games by offering prizes to be competed for at the annual gatherings. 