POLICE COURT— ADELAIDE. Saturday, July 30. TBefore Mr. S. Beddome. P.M.I Impure Water. — Robert Venti, landlord of the Golden Fleece, Currie-street, was charged by Inspector Reading with allowing impure water' to flow from his premises into Rosina street. The Inspector swore positively that he tiaced water into the street from a drain in Mr. Venn's yard, where hi; also saw some boiled carrots. Mr. Venn, in answer to the charge, said' he had been at great expense in raising his yard so as to keep it perfectly dry aud healthy, and the drain alluded to was one made for the purpose of carrying off the water pumped out of the cellar. The carrots which - ere seen were merely the leavings of his i-ou!f rr. -*' tho n-nofc «r tiie table was always thrown down at that spot for the con sumption ot tue winged memuers oinisiamuy ; ana 11 iiie Inspector had waited their returning appetite, his anti vegetable eye would not Tiave been offended with even ( !ie ghost of a boiled carrot. Mr. Venn produced two witnesses, boarders in his house, who bore testimony to tb,e clean aud wholesome state in which Mr. Venn kept his premises. They had never seen impure wiater about the premises, but would not positively state there was no water flowing from them at the time the Inspector alleged. His Worship, as the Inspector, had sworn positively, said lie could not avoid im posing aflne. Fined 10s. and costs. Incorrect Weigh- Bridge. — J. Jolly, keeper of a weigh bridge on West Terrace, was charged by Inspector Durieu with giving the incorrect weight of a load of hay. It ap peared that a young lad had a load of hay weighed at 3Ir. Jolly's. After he delivered it to a customer, Mr. Cornish, lie weighed the dray at the City Weighbridge, and the differ ence between the weight there aud at Mr. Jolly's was about 2 cwt Mr. Cornish said the loss to him through the incor ivv* wpicrhf wnrilil lipr ahnht fis' The rir.iv had also been weighed at Spender's bridge, aud differed from Jolly's. His Worship told Mr. Jolly there was no evidence or supposition that he gave the incorrect weight intentionally or with design, but it was a case which most clearly came within the operation of the city bye-laws, and it was a most important one, as through a slight defect in the weight a large pur chaser would be subject to very considerable loss. His Worship imposed a fine of 103. r ? ? Monday, August 1. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., and Mr. Macdermott, M.P.] Neglected Dray.— William Edwards was charged with being at a distance from his bullocks and dray, and through his neglect having suffered them to stray hi the streets. The Ma-nstrates considered that the circumstances under which the alleged offence had occurred, did not warrant the imposi tion of a fine, and the defendant was in consequence dis charged. Obstructing Footways.— John Hbdgkiss was fined ll. andcosts for exposing aquantity of merchandise for saleupon the pathway in Bundle-street Assault.— John O'Jirien was charged, with violently as saulting and robbing James Kelly of the sum of 2 Jd. on the previous eyjqing.' The prosecutor, whose countenance was rattier bruised, said that he had met the prisoner in the street, and been invited by him to take a walk witU him, to which request he acceded, and they together went into a house, the exact locality of which he oould not recollect. Just before going in, the prisoner asked him if he had any money, aud he replied that he had only '2jd., which he (prosecutor) gave to him, and they entered the house. Two soldiers came in shortly after them, and the prisoner imme diately demanded that -he should give him a sovereign, and order something to drink. On liia refusing to do so, he struck turn some violent, blows in the face. ' The charge of felonious assault was dismissed, and the prosecutor was re commended to lay an information for common assault. Vagrancy. — James Kelly, the prosecutor- in the previous case, was brought up on a charge of being found wandering about the rail way station, and not giving a proper account of himself! It appeared that after the; occurrence already detailed, the present defendant, who was a new arrival in the colony, hal been endeavouring to make his way homewards to North Adelaide, and had found himself on the platform of the railway station. He was discharged with a caution. Forgery. — Henry Pitcher was charged with having forged and uttered a cheque for 10J. 12s. with intent to defraud the South Australian Banking Company The name forged was that of C. S. Hare. Mr. Mitchell, teller, of the Bank, was examined. He stated that the prisoner presented tlie cheque on Monday morning, and asked to have it in gold. On perceiving that it was a forgery, lw (witness) detained the prisoner till a constable was sent for, The case was re manded to August 2ud for production of more evidence Pri - soner stated that he received the cheque from his mother a t the Dry Creek the same morning, and he was instructed to get it cashed. 