THE Portland Guardian AND NORMANBY GENERAL ADVERTISER. Published every Monday, Wednesday & Friday To Protect our Rights-Not to Infringe upon those of Others. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1859. ADVENTURES AND OBSERVATIONS IN AUSTRALIA. BY ALISTER MACALISTER GENT CHAPTER V. Preliminary Notifications, concluded. ON the morning after my exertions on behalf of Miss Amelia and the parson, I was on deck before the steward announced breakfast. I felt somewhat languid and low-spirited, but was not otherwise unwell, and was walking slowly up and down the quarter-deck looking in the direction of Madeira, which was still in sight, the ship having made very little way during the night, when I was joined by the surgeon. He came up to me rubbing his hands, and expressing lively satisfaction at my being able to leave my berth so early, and hav- ing felt my pulse, he assured me that a few glasses of sherry taken within twenty four hours would render me as strong as an elephant. He then intimated that he had a word for my private ear, and taking me aside asked if I had any particular wish to have a nearer view of Madeira, " for you must know," he said, "I have been more than once ashore in this European Sanitarium, and never without being highly delighted in one way or another, and I can assure you though it be a dirty hole, it contains some right good fellows, with whom a reasonable man might spend a comfortable and perhaps profitable ???. I see you are a sharp, bold good- natured kind of which something might be made, but in order to play the game of real life successfully, we must occasionally cast(?) our most attractive looks, quit our potential marriage, and meet and study men as they move and speak and sex in their own several and appropriate ?????. Under my guidance a bit of life may be seen in the island yonder, which may after- wards be useful to you. And you will have the pleasure for the next fifty years of relating to all your friends, the information which a twelve hours visit may afford you, on the moral, sexual and physical features of one of the most singular and interesting spots to be found on the map of the world." I knew the surgeon to be a low, dissipated blackguard, but he had more than once shown me respectful and kindly attentions, and I felt persuaded, however desirous he might himself be to visit Madeira, that he at the same time sin- cerely wished to afford me gratification, yet I could by no means see how what he proposed could be accomplished, as we were doing all that we possibly could to leave the island behind us. I had no wish to be introduced to the life he hinted at but I had a natural desire to see more of a place of which I had both read and heard about. And answered that however strong my wish might be to pass a few hours in Funchal and its neighbourhood, it was useless speaking farther on the matter that was perfectly impracticable. He told me to leave the impracticability to him, and enjoined me to exercise a prudent silence at the breakfast table, and on no account whatever to contradict any statement he might make. He insisted on my giving him my word of honor to this effect, which I smilingly did, without having the most distant idea of the scene which was about to follow. The summons of the steward called us to breakfast, which was uncheered by the presence of our lady passengers. I entered the cabin and took my usual seat, but the surgeon stood in the doorway, his right hand catching his chin, and his eyes cast on the floor, as if he were deeply engaged in endeavouring mentally to solve some difficult mathematical problem. He soon attracted the attention of every one at table, but the captain was the first to speak, and in a voice of evident alarm. The following brief dialogue ensued, which none of us attempted to interrupt by question, but which was like to be swallowed up by in- voluntary and incontrolable [sic] bursts of laughter on the part of some of us:-- "What, ho! doctor, you look as if you had seen the ghost of your grandmother. Nothing serious, eh ! The parson is'nt dead, is he ?" "No captain, the parson will live to bring more trouble on the ship. Some- thing much worse has happened." " Much worse ! out with it man, and don't stand staring there like a sucking donkey." " Of course I must report, but I am ex- ceedingly sorry to state that we have got alarming cutureous disease among the females in the steerage." "Will you explain doctor, never heard of such a disease in my life. Is it worse than fever or scurvy?" "O! a thousand times more trouble- some. The poor afflicted wretch never obtains a moment's ease. We call it in simple and medical language, an abrasive cuticle." " And do you call this an explanation, doctor?" Precisely so. I have put it you see, in plain English instead of Latin, that you may fully understand it. I may ob- serve, however, that it is particularly in- fectious, and that stout people, I mean very stout people, are the greatest suf- ferers. I beg your pardon captain, but you need not be looking so anxiously at your corporation. I should be sorry if I frightened you. You are stout, yes rather stout certainly, but I should say under sixteen stone. Do not allow yourself to be afraid, sir, fear is most pernicious in any disease, and should you happen to be attacked, you know you may depend upon my exerting my utmost skill on your behalf." " Thanks for your kind intentions, but I would rather not need the service your refer to. The question is, what is to be done in the meantime ?'" " Yes true, that is the question and to come to the point immediately in hand, I suppose you have got preserved cabbage on board. If so we shall soon have a clean ship." " Preserved cabbage! Never heard of such a thing. We have lots of pickled cabbage and preserved soups, meat and fish." "That is very unfortunate, Mr. Hunks, very unfortunate indeed, as it lays me under the painful necessity as Surgeon- Superintendent of this ship, with a view to the safety of those placed under my charge, to request that we put back to Madeira for the necessary and indispensable vegetables. Nay do not get excited. If you are willing to run the risk of proceeding after being fairly warned, you are welcome to do so, but you will be pleased in that case, to relieve me of all responsibility. Never have I beheld such an impersonation of fear and rage as the captain exhibited at these words. He started from his seat, hurled the sugar-bowl at the head of the unoffending steward who was on attendance, capsized the tea-pot, and with a discharge of fearful imprecations rushed on deck, and half a minute afterwards we heard him bawling at the top of his voice, "Tack about ship." On the afternoon of that same day we were lying to in the bay about a mile off Funchal. The Surgeon requested the captain to allow me to accompany him ashore. To this the latter, whose passion had by this time considerably subsided, consented, and the more readily when he understood I could pull good car. Madeira looks best at a distance. The country behind the capital rises rapidly, and consists of black rocks of lava, intermingled with plantations of the most brilliant verdure, which contrasting with the white houses of the town, form a beautiful and romantic land- scape. I cannot say that I admired the old castle on the Loo Rock, and the various forts and batteries which guard the place, and which I was told were more formidable in appearance than reality. Nor did I admire the town on a close inspection. The streets are narrow and filthy, and only a few of the better class of houses have glass windows. There are many churches and convents, plain unat- tractive buildings. I believe the only one of these deserving of particular note is the Cathedral, the beams and roof of which are of cedar. The population of the town at the time of my visit amounted to eleven thousand; one half of whom seemed to be beggars. And a more importunate and clamorous order of mendicants is perhaps to be found no where save in Italy or Ireland. The Surgeon gave the seamen who had helped to pull us ashore a few shillings and told them he would send down the cabbage, and that they might enjoy them- selves, but to sleep on board the boat, and be ready for an early start to the ship in the morning. As we proceeded into the town, with which he seemed to be familiar, I very simply asked if there was any truth at all in the story he had given the captain, and if the cabbage was so urgently needed. "Yes," he replied, "there is truth so far as the disease is concerned. Some of the girls have got the itch, which I can assure you is no joke, but bother the cabbage that is all gammon, however we shall none of us be the worse for fresh vegetables-but here we are at my old friend's establishment," and we entered a kind of inn or wine-shop which had the distinction of having glass in the windows. The landlord received the surgeon with a hearty welcome, as if he were an intimate of long standing, and showed us into his best room, which to tell the trurth was rather meanly furnished and not particularly clean. As the surgeon said he had private business to transact which would detain him where he was, I williingly accepted the offer of a waiter, who could speak English, to point out to me the notabilities of the town and neighbourhood. If the town was greatly offensive from the filth and beggary which it presented, it was also greatly interesting from the entire novelty of every thing around me. But I was perfectly enchanted with the environs. With the rich and varied vegetation stretching in some places far up the moun- tains, which in the distance rose majesti- cally to a height of five thousand feet. Indeed I have never looked upon scenery which presented in the same limits so much of the beautiful, the sublime, and the picturesque. I returned to the inn highly gratified with my excursion, and found the surgeon with two men dressed like gentlemen seated at a table on which were wine, fruit, dice and cards. They were just arranging a new game at cards when I entered, and helping themselves to wine, of which, after being introduced to the strangers, I partook. I sat and watched the game for some time. At last I felt a strong desire to play, and insisted to try my hand on a heavy bet. In vain the surgeon remonstrated; play I would, and play I did and lost. I cannot tell exactly what happened immediately after this. I recollet of a sensation as of the room whirling round and tossing up and down at the same time. My next recollection was being awakened in bed by the surgeon, who told me to rise and dress, as he was about to start for the ship without delay. I rose reluct- antly, and complained of a violent headache. "You made a mistake," he said "last night, you took the drugged wine before I observed you, but there is no great harm done. You will soon be all right. You have to thank me that matters are no worse. Had I not stood your friend instead of losing a few shillings, you would have been cleaned out. It has fared differently with me. I have been in luck, and have sixty guineas richer than when I came ashore." When we reached the boat we found one of the sailors dead drunk, and the other two very jovial. We were on board of the ship before sox in the morning, and fortunately for all of us, Captain Joseph Hunks had after we left him, donned his wet-nightcap, and we saw nothing of him till under a strong and favourable wind we had left Madeira two hun- dred and fifty miles behind us. When he be- came visible, the surgeon informed him that the ship was now clean with the exception of a few trifling cases of itch, and the poor man was amusingly extravagant in his expres- sion of thankfulness. We had very favourable weather for eight or ten days after leaving Madeira and the pas- singers enjoyed themselves on the lonely even- ing with dance and song. We had then a succession of squalls. They came very sud- deny and generally went off as suddenly. These squalls however give warning of their approach. The sky becomes more or less clouded at the point from whence they pro- ceed, and the dark and troubled waters, driven by the blast are distinctively seen rap- idly advancing till they break in their fury upon the vessel. In the meantime all is bustle and activity to meet with as much preparedness as possible the coming shock which is occasi- onally severally felt, more especially of the pre- parations to receive it have not been completed. In this case the dread powers of air and ocean throw the expectant ship almost on her beam ends, and induce in the minds of the most courageous anything but a comfortable sensa- sion. There is however in the view of the coming blast, in the lively and energetic ef- forts put forth to meet it, and in the wild un- ceremonious assault, much of the truly sub- lime, and a moment of peril may well be endured for the elevating feelings which those inspire. For about eight days the sailors were en- gaged almost without intermission in changing the position of the sails, owing to calm and squalls continually following each other. At this time I caught a dark swallow on deck, and regarded with deep interet the little trembling wanderer. It was much tired with its long flight. I laid it down gently and watched it for more than five minutes, when it took wing, and pursued its adventrous way -May the tired wanderer on the ocean of life find it his need a resting-place like the poor swallow. We had sighted Tristan D'Acunha and proposed to pass on within a few miles of it. The Captain who had on his dry night-cap and was particularly good natured at dinner, asked the first mate, who had been on the island if he had any objections to go ashore, and bring off a bushel or two of potatoes, and said if there were any of us willing to to go with the boat we had his permission. None of the passengers appeared disposed to accept of his offer. The surgeon so anxious to land at Madeira was silent, doubtless con cluding that there was no likelihood of much profit being made by the proposed excursion I myself was the only volunteer. Tristan D'Acunha is one of the most inte- resting islands in the Southern Atlantic. It is the largest of a group of three small islands, and is about fifteen miles in circumference. It rises between eight any nine thousand feet above the level of the sea, and as it is ap proached presents a very sublime appearance, its lofty summits bathed in clouds, and its almost perpendicular sides exhibiting rugged grandeur, and here and there quiet pleasant patches of green pasture. The island is well watered, and the soil is capable of, producing all the ordinary fruits of Europe, besides others common to the tropics. The following statement by the mate had aroused my curiosity :-When the eagle of France was caged in St. Helena a small gar rison was maintained here. On the death of Napoleon this was thought no longer need ful, and when the troops were about to be withdrawn, a Sergeant Glass, a Scotchman, with a few of his brother soldiers, requested that they might be allowed to settle on the island. This was granted, and Glass was dignified with the title of Governor. The original party were supplied with Hotentot [sic] wives, and the colony when I last visited it, numbered about one hundred and twenty persons. They live in patriarchal simplicity, and Governor Glass, who must be now near his eightieth year, presides over them like a father. The mate, four seamen and myself left the ship at four o'clock in the afternoon, the Captain declaring that the distance we had to pull was only three miles; but the miles proved to be at least twice as long us those in the Highlands of Scotland, where in the absence of mile stones, the people are prover bial for giving good measure. We were at all events, by my watch, two hours and a half in nearing the island, and having neared it we had no small difficulty in effecting a landing. Close in shore was so covered with sunken rocks, that we had to leave the host in charge of one of the sailors, and make our way, upwards of a hundred yards to the land sometimes breast deep in water. The mate told us when we reached the shore wet and disheartened, that he had never landed on that part of the island before, and that he believed we were some miles from the settlement. We proceeded along a well- defined foot-path for about two miles, when we met with five of the natives, one of whom was a son of the Governor Glass, a young, active, handsome man. Though dark in complexion, they were European in feature and in dress. They said they had plenty of potatoes, but that they were in the ground at a distance of some miles, yet if particularly wanted they could have them on board the ship by seven in the morning. This, however, would not suit. After spending a short time in agree able conversation, which was kept up by the natives in good English, we prepared to re turn to the ship. we saw no women, and the only cattle seen by us were a few oxen and goats. The oxen were in good condition, and the pasture was plentiful and inviting. It began to rain heavily when we pushed off for the ship, and became so dark that we lost sight of her. In this cheerless condition to add to our distress, we broke two of our oars. We rowed about for hours nearly at random, chill and spiritless, when at last we discovered a light. The old lady was making signals, and had, was we were afterwards assured, been exhibiting lanterns and torches for two or three hours before they were of any avail to us. When we got on board about midnight, there was a general rejoicing, the greater part of the passengers, late as was the hour, being on deck. Captain Hunks himself was really glad to see us, but declared that he would swallow his soap-brush before a boat of his should ever go again on any such foolish errand. We were at length drawing near the end of our voyage. We had experience of calm and storm. We had spoken several ships. We had seen flying-fish, whales and dolphins, albatrosses, Cape pigeons, and petals. We were not without variety of incident interest- ing to ourselves. On the whole we were a happy society, and no death occurred on board. About four o'clock one pleasant morning I was roused by the kindly steward, and invited on deck to behold the coast of the land of promise. the ship floating on Australian waters. 