South Sea Missions a meeting in aid of the efforts of the London ",: Missionary Society in 'the South Seas, was held on Tuesday evening in the Preffcyierian Oinrch, Stet street. .Í3on- ¡ sidering the inclemency of the weather the attendance was toteabb/ good, and the pan- j ceedings viere of an aniñWedand interesting ' nature. The pastor of the Church, the Ser. i Mr Henderson, presided ontteocdron, and j tiie meeting commenced wijth. Binging and prayer. 1 - _ '' .' ... - : The Chagman, in opening the prbreedingii and introducing the Rev. Mr Buzacott to the meeting, remarked that the romance.which poets had thrown -atoohd tire' isles' of the. Southern Sea, had in part changed in its aspect fay rnodern i^ehttionsqfrannihaliBfn, That canriibahsm had, howerer, been in part also destroyed by missionary effort, and now (here waa little danger of a' missionary fur nishing in bia own proper person' an 'orna ment to the side- board or breakfast table of the southern islanders. Ii was oar duly to exert ourselves to furnish the means of Ar ther missionary extension, so -that .the yet unredeemed portions «f rtëathpndorn might be visited with the light Of the glorious gospel. The Kev. Mr Buzacott, in' addressing the meeting said, the Snath Sea Islands, to which he would first refer, were situated at about . sjx days' distance from Melbourne. The island of Maori he visited some seventeen years ago, and found the natives were canni bals most ferocious in aspect, and clothed literally in grease and ashes; thus they; looked like ghosts. There yet remained several thousands unconverted, who. still strutted about in this horrible costume. Further on were the New Hebrides, where were six missionaries, three from Scotland and three from Kora Scotia. These na tives rejoiced in nudity and red ochre, and artificially created Bardolphian noses. In fact, they were of such a presence aa that no ladles could endure tbe sight ; and at nest the wives of Hie missionaries abso lutely ran away in a fright. In some parts of these islands, however, the Gospel had been preached with success ; and while some mis sionaries had been eaten, others had succeeded in spreading abroad a knowledge of the truth. Becently, at one of the islands, where no missionaries lived, a cannibal onslaught had been made on a Captain Prout and his crew, some of whom had fallen victims, and, the rest escaped. Some 1600 miles further were the Navigators' Islands, and further on still were the islands of BATO tonga, Samoa, Erromanga, and others, where he had been laboring principally in the first named island. When he went there first the natives were all cannibal, and constantly engaged in the most ferocious wara. So fond were they of human flesh, that parente fed on their own offepring, and kings sent for their subjects to eat, just as we should go to the sty for a pig. The island was one of the most beautiful in those seas, but man alone was vile. Yet sometimes strong natural affection was displayed by the natives. The essays of the natives at first to attire themselves in European costume were exceedingly ludicrous, and the rev. speaker indulged in divers amusing details respecting them. Those things were now changed, however, and the native then present was a fair specimen of Baratongan dvüjsalion and costume. Then they had raised large sub scriptions in aid of the missions, and supplied a large number of ships with ample provi sions. They were cleauly in their habits, and peaceable in their manners, and had learned to reduce their old unwritten tradi tions to characters in writing. Their memo ries were astonishing, and some of their nar ratives took several days to recite. The speaker cited eeveral proofs in illustration, remarking that it was a dangerous thing to preach the same sermon twice there, for it was Bure to be found ont. The faculty of numbers was largely developed in the native. The speaker produced tbe Bible and other books in (be Barotongan language, translated by him and Hr Pitman after come four years bard work, and printed in England. When they arrived out from England with tue books they were received with the most joyous demonstrations the ship's boat full of people being hoisted bodily out of the water and carried ashore on the natives shoulders ; a Mr Gill, moreover, who had come down to j the sea side to receive the party, being top - pied OT er bodily into the boat. The mis sionaries had been accused of d iing nothing in literature for the natives but printing the Bible, but that was a monstrous libel, for there were numerous other books now in tile hands of the natives. There was also a col lege there where native teachers were trained. There were translations there of real solid Scotch divinity and not a bit of Germanism mixed up with it. Then there was the "Ba ratongan Fountain" a periodical, and a whole series of school books. Books and lectures on astronomy, experiments with the magic lantern and other intelligent diversions were common. The natives had built a stone chapel and houses. An engraving was pro duced showing a handsome church with pointed windows and a square low tower, and near to it a house in a circular enclosure, with tropical trees about, and in the back ground tall mountains rising up in pictu resque beauty. The B peaker gave an inte resting detail of a visit to Buka Buka or Dangerous Island and the deposit there of some missionaries aud teachers'. When the " John Williams" was last there the natives said "tell Bara couti (Mr Buzacott) we have listened to bis children and have thrown away all our idols and have built churches to God," so great had been the change effected by the gospel. At Erromanga the death place of Williams and Harris similar changes bad taken place. At the Isle of Fines eeve ral native missionaries had been eaten, but the sublimest moral heroism had been shown by their relatives, who took the Christian re venge of returning good for that evil by going thither to preach the gospel of love and forgiveness. In aid of the destitute por tion of the islands, Melbourne and.oilier places had handsomely contributed, but he hoped Ballarat would excel all the other gold fields, and give largely to the collection. A collection was then made. Teavae, a rnarried Barotongan native, 35 yearsof age, and attired in European costume, then addressed the meeting in a fluent speech, which was interpreted by the Bev. Mr Buzacott. Thc native's speech, which was delivered with appropriate action, con sisted of horrible recitals of the anthropo phagian propensities of his people before the arrival of the missionaries, and of simple pictures of the happy change which had come about Bince the preaching of the gospel. Thc Bev. Mr Bickford briefly addressed the meeting, expressing his sympathy with the cause of missions, and hoping the people of Ballarat would respond liberally to the calls made upon them. The Bev. Mr Strongman hoped Mr Bick ford would be able to place his large chapel at the service of Mr Buzacott on Sunday. The Bev. Mr Buzacott intimated that he could not stay over Friday, whereupon it was agreed by Mr Bickford, at the instance ol the Ber. Mr Lind, that Mr Buzacott should preach m the Wesleyan Chapel, yesterday (Wednesday) evening. This closed the business part of the pro ceedings, and the meeting shortly afterwards broke up wrth.the usual observances. 