ENGLAND'S DBPliNO SS. prove true Time's,] Parliament appears to assume that so long as it is sitting no enemy will dare to attack the country, and that, if any immediate danger is to be apprehended, it must be on the eve of a recess. So long as those halls are lighted up ; so long as any member can ask a question and demand an answer, or, at least', express his own opinion, all is sale. It must have been an obstinate form of the same feeling that kept the Senate or House in full Session till the rule Zouaves of that day walked in and stroked their beards to see what they were made of. No doubt, we all of us feel the sound of the voices a great security against robbers, ghosts, and all other enemies. The belief is carried so far that it is commonly thought that in case of an invasion, Parliament prevail I be summoned, as a matter of course, to give the requisite powers for defence, such powers being supposed to be want j. What would be done in such a case it may be rush to say, but the reason of the thing seems to suggest that a P.uli.im.ei;C is totally incapable of assistance at such a crisis, and the best thing it could do would be to go home, leaving a juasi-diclatorship in the hands of Government. Of all matters-', the conduct of war, and especially the defence of a country, seems the least fitting for public discussion. Already our neighbours are as tones died at the freedom with which our weak points are proclaimed and discussed, and at the opinion which seems to prevail, that a good plan of defence can be concocted in a debate public to the whole world. Public it must certainly be, and, if not through the pens of the gentlemen in the gallery, at all events by the tongues of the members below. But unfortunately it so happens that war always finds us unprovided ; It is always done ill at first, if not at last; and there is always that to be done which will never be done except by the pressure of opinion. So, in fact, the House of Commons may do some good in the matter, as we can, and almost anybody can. The country at large will feel grateful to Sir De Lacy Evans for his proposal of a Commission on our National Defences. There is at least occasion for it, even if in the present state of naval and military science in this country there are not the materials for a good Commission. There is a widespread distrust, we will not repent after Lord Lyndhurst, of our neighbors, but of the people upon j whom would devolve the arrangements for our 'íefeni»¿__When it is" discussed at great length, and with a show of science, in one of our loading Quarterlies whether London should be defended or not and when it is decided that according to the famous programme of a lamented nobleman it would be the duty of the Guards to march out at one end while the enemy marched in at the other, it certainly is time to ask who is responsible for the defence of the country, and whether he knows what to do. The most splendid booty in the world, or that over was in the world, lies within reach of an easy spring, and we very much doubt whether at this moment it is so much as known by anybody who is the person to give the necessary orders in the event of an invasion. We say this not at all in alarm. Perhaps it is better there should not be any great personage among us with unbounded authority, unbounded self-confidence, and unbounded folly. The real defenders spring up for the occasion. The first measures taken for the defence of Sebastopol do not seem to have been 1'emirls.ably wise. Whatever plans they were, they failed utterly ; an I in his opinion of the military authorities, the allies had only to march in and take the place. But, after a short delay, almost as much to the surprise of the garrison as of the invading army, the earth began to heave, mounds grew like huge sandhills round the city, and by the time our E engineers had erected their batteries there were miles of rampart high enough to protect the increased and inexhaustible garrison. Somebody or other, some plan or other, would turn upon the emergency ; General Todleben would drop from the heavens ; so we do not despair ; but still it is better to know that there i a plan of defence. It would be a comfort to be assured that it is not the deliberate intention of Her Majesty's advisers t > surrender the metropolis to the first bandit that asks for our money or on life. The feeling that such is the national determination must tend to invite the cupidity of the adventurous. We really cannot answer for anybody under very strong temptation. Our excellent pastor preaches and practises the Ten Commandments through fire, and presents the very picture of conto i\ and self-denial. But he has ten children and only £300 a-year and we would not answer for his virtueifhoshould hap en to discover that a rich old parishioner is in such a state of body and mind to a he will leave his money just as he is hid, under a sufficient appeal to his superstitious terrors. Really, if England should know that she could, with perfect safety, compel France to repay her to-morrow all the cost of our extra armaments for the last three or four years, we are not sure whether Her Majesty's Ministers, Parliament, and the whole people would not instantly resolve' to take the necessary steps, while -r they might be. Of course, we are aware that when we talk of defence we render ourselves liable to the sarcasms of those who think this proper talk only for old ladies, aged peers, and full prices news papers. Yet since the beginning of this year there has occurred a strange variety of events of a nature to disturb the reveries of the profoundest peace dreamer. That one great military Power, with a long prepared armament, has rapidly wrested a large province from another is only one of those events, and, as far as we are concerned, by no means the most important. The most surprising, and perhaps also the most serious, is that both these Powers have suddenly become friends on the singular condition of feeling themselves equally aggrieved, equally betrayed, and equally wronged of' a province by the malignant neutrality of certain other Powers, among whom are we. To England, Prussia, and other German States Austria owes, so she believes, the loss of Lombardy, and France the loss of Venetia to Italian independence. Th -y have both, therefore, a quarrel against us, and it is not at all necessary that they should explain to the world that their quarrels or compatible. When this feeling is confessed, it is a posse fit not to learn that it will make for the proper time, and break out into a fiery eruption. Should Prussia be the object, England would have to consider how she would stand if France succeeded in first humbling and then conciliating all the Powers of the Continent, and then in making them believe England to be their worst enemy. We have also to consider that under provocation an 1 alarm we are not ourselves the discredits or the most temperate people in the world. Mr. Bright would tell us that the Press is the worst offender of all. We might not only reply ourselves, but even point out that the existence of a party adverse to all military preparation, and even to armed resistance must tell on the possible foe. But in the face of what has happened, and is happening around us, we cannot neglect to take measures for dele ice. If we have armies and fleets all over the world, if we send from our overtasked p reputation and our treasury to protect our children wherever they go, we ought not to neglect our children at home. If we cannot raise a rampart round the whole of this isle, we cannot raise a fortress every two or three miles, and arm it with Armstrong guns, at least we can look to our great ports and arsenals. It is said they are not safe against a properly concerted attack. Let us have the fact inquired into by those who ought to know something about it; and, if their advice is reasonable, let us take it. 