ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE TO TUE EDITOR Oí' TUE UERCUÍIY. Sin,-I inn much pleased at the impar- tiality you exhibit as regards tho publica- tion of letters from the j various Chrislitin denominations on tho unjustifiahjo attack made, in his absence, on the Rev. Thomas Binney, as well as the correspondence in reference lo the Clerical Mombo« of tho Church, of England Synod, who have almost laid aside the bible for the filthy lucro proceeds of farming,' timber, and horse-dealing, and ended their career in the Insolvent Court, to the great distress of many hardworking families. Having read tho letters mgncd " Sufferer," and "Sympathiser," whichappoarodrespcclively in your issuos of yesterday and this day, I hesitate not to assort, that tho sugges- tion of tho former writer, as to the pro- priety.of the iibovo description of Minis- ters being deposed by tho Synod, is a most judicious one, which should receive the serious consideration of that assembly prior to ils dissolution ¡ and the patched up argument of the li\tlcr. as to, tho non- payment of a portion of- Hie Salaries of those "Clerks in Holy Orders," an indigonfc conglomeration* of so- phistry. Considering thq following passage's ? of Scripture-ono with another, '"judge not. le.st 'yo bo judged," and " by their fruit yo shall know thom," I l'onr much thoso of my follow-chrislinns in whose hearts ll\oHoly Spirit' has implanted," saving grace, and arc "mqdonqw creatures in Christ Jesus," will regard theso trafficking Ministers as Shopherds who have ontered tho sheep fold, not by the door bulby climbing over the wall, or in oilier words, wore- nover sent by the Great Herid of the Church lo proclaim tho unsearchable riches oj'his gospel to sinners. Alas Í what'tin uueri, viable, position for men termed the "Mes- sengers of Peace'.', to bo in. It is related of Mr. McKensie, a very pious, and faithful Minister of Christ, in tho North' of Scotland., that on an occasion of visi- ting que of tho families' iii his Parish, the conversation turned upon the comparative rnorits of two Clergymen in adjoining Parishes, when Mr. SlcKenjiio's opinion was askçd, Tho good man mado'tho fol- lowing reply:-"The Holy Ghost made a Minister of Mr, --r, but tho Pros-,, bytery made a Clcirgymnn of Mr.-." May it notToo tàken'n's tin undeniable fact that there are many amongst us, ostcn sivoly holding tho Ministerial profession, who haro been ordained ceremonially and by the imposition of hands, but never re- ceived the inward unction of the regenera- ting spirit. What, then, nvailcih outward show, in the way of everlasting salvation, without this inward witness whereby the childron of God, in all ages, triumphed over the wicked world, and finally entered into their vest F Whatavaileth Synodical Meeting«, Actsof Parliament, Committee', Forms, Report", unprofitable discussions and speeches, if the services and sacrifices of those engaged insuoharcauabomination to the Lord ? What is y .mied in our land is vital godliness, and no1 the w hilc washed religion current at the present day-which its professor.«, only hear (to use an expression of John Bunyan's in tho "?pilgrim's Progress") when "ifcwnJkcth" abroarían its silver slippers." . . { A CrciiisTUî:. 18th May, 1859. ? ? TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Stone Buildings May 18th, 1859. SIR,—You will oblige me by inserting the enclosed letter received yesterday from the captain of the Denison Pros- pecting Company, the specimens alluded to have been received, and are on view at my office. I am Sir, Your Obedient Servant, JAMES A. THOMPSON. Port Davey. April 20th, 1859. SIR,-Through the kindness of Captain Dart we are enabled to forward you speci- mens of quartz &c.; from the various local- ities round about here: from which you will be able to judge as to whether there is any likelihood of ever procuring gold from this place as they are a fair average of the nature of the different places they were taken from. We have been since writing you last to Lakes Edgar and Pedder and the intermediate places but have not seen any- thing likely to reward our labors. We left the Tasmanian West Coast Party at Lake Edgar on our return where I ex- pect they are likely to stay some weeks. As I mentioned in my last there is a great quantity of coal here, and of a very supe- rior quality; there is every appearance of it all the way to Lake Edgar, but where it shows most, is on the section you have taken. I have not time to enter into explanation this time as Capt. Dart is waiting and has to go to Spring River to-night, therefore, I have had to pen this in a hurry. We shall in all probability be in town by boat about the latter part of next month when we shall be able to give you a proper idea of this place. We are, Sir, Your obdt. servants, J. T. JAMIESON, JAMES EDMOND BONNEY. 