THE AUSTRALIAN CHAMPION SWEEPSTAKES. (From *' Bell's Life iu Victoria.") Tbe etinouncement in our town edition lost week tbat the Birbcr baS swum ashore from ihe wreok of Use Admella, appears lo be quite true; bnt we are not in possession, at present, of any particulars of this unexpected turn-uo for the backers of tbe Adelaide horses. Mr Hurtle Fisher, who has arri7ed in Mel- bourne. iand who is next door to being as well as ever he was, bas no idea how The Barb a r escaped; we must, therefore, content ourselves with the fact that he ic in the land of the liviag, and wait bis arrival amongst us, which is expected to-day, per Lady Bird, from Portland, before our cudosi'y con be satisfied as to how iand when he reached tbo shore. On Thursday we had a peop at Zoe and Zingara, at their residence at South Yarra"; they both had coats on them like a looking-glass, and appeared to be as lively AS kittens. Not a ghost of Zoe's shy leg was lo be seen in her box, and her ownc (whose interest it would be rather to encourage the report of her lameness) and traiocr denied that she had ever gone amiss since her arrival in Victoria. As a proof of Mr Twit's confidence in her, ho has backed her for eeven hundred, since his re tirn from Sydney, at 100 t,o 7 and 100 t> 8. There continues to exist a strong desire to lay against Miss Bowc, and we hare not beard of a single investment on her for the last week. Strop is very firm at 100 to 25, and tho longest price offered against lo on Thursday evening, was 100 to 8. Sailor, Quickstep, Hie oor, Phoobe, and Alicc Hawthorn remain ood favourites at lant week's quotations, and utwitU has been baoked during (he week at ll prices between 100 to 6 and 100 to 3. On aturday, when the leport of Tbe Barber's soape had been firmly estab'ished, he found everal frieuds to entrust him with a few ivers At 20 to 1, but later in tho we»k the ame odls have been laid against him and T S transacted at Tattersall'e this week; but a ull musicr of the members will b« conv«ied X e ^ " u - tute a £i or £10 sweep on the champion ™ce so noon^a the^ acceptances are jjecWcd and a sufficient number of the members can be got together for tbe purpose." We append the latest Melbourne quotations:— 100 to 25 agst Strop (tk) lOn „ 15 „ Sailor (tk) 100 „ 10 „ Quickstep (tk) 100 . luO , 100 100 , 100 100 , 100 , 100 100 „ 100 „ 100 „ 101 „ 100 „ The Moor (tk) Phoebe (tk) Alice Hawthorn (tk) Zoe (ik) Io (tk) Tomboy Camel Flying Jib Miss Eowc The Barber (tk) Wait:a-whilo (Ik Black Boss Flying Bnok (tk)' Quix-thc-Wiud (tk) Sir Hercules (tk) Praxiteles (ik) Nutwith Tricolor Swordsman Zingara 