'. VOLTIGEUR" OX THE CHAMPION SWEEPSTAKES. Tn thf Wt'tfirtif RfWa Life in Victoria. I DEAB BELiy-According to my promise made at the time of the nomination for this great nice-that I would give your renders a "full, true, and particular account" of the candi dates for the championship, and then offer my assistance in spotting the winner- -I uoiy come to time for the last round, and leave my " friends and backers" to decide whether I have fought my previous twenty-four with any credit to myself, and whether they have derived any satisfaction in witnessing them. I must fain admit that some two or three were very harmless, but on more than one occasion I was regularly knocked out of time, and it was only through the valuable assist ance of my seconds ihat I managed to get through the round at alL But to my present purpose. In simply recording what I have seen, there is but little difficulty ; but when one takes it upon himself to look into the future, he incurs a responsibility more easily accepted tjjan discharged. Two mouths since I considered it 50 to 1 that auythiug like a score would accept, aud 1 was most agreeably disappointed on Monday evening to find that twenty-one had paid up the second fifty. Of the non-acceptors, 1 think that Wait-a-whilc was the only horse that had a chance; tiiongli Tricolor, if fit, would have gone along at a merry pace for a couple of miles, aud Black Bess would not have been very far in the rear, at the same distance. Wait-a^ While's complaint is the same that overtook him at li?llarat; the exact malady of the mares I know not, but i heard it whispered some time ago that Tri color was to pay a visit to Barwon Park shortly, ayd i thought then, that that did not look much lib going for the Champion Sweepstakes. However f need not take up your space and the time of yojjr readers by referring to the past: my present badness is to scan over the merits of the remaining twenty- one, and by [jutting this aud that to gether, to come to something like a conclu sion as to who is to prove himself the cham pion in the forthcoming grand struggle. I propose, in the first place, to review the most important performances of the com peting nags, and shall open the ball with tke first ikyorite, Strop, who since the beginning of aS has never once been beaten, although he has been oppose.'! at all distances, and at all weights, by the best horses in New Zea land, and if not the best, thoss cf the next division in New South Wales. In his great raci v/itli Potentate, the two rattled away from end to end, and at the finish there was not a length between them, plainly proving that Strop's gameness and constancy are un questionable, and the fact of having run the three miles under Hist Tib weight in "> min utes 53 seconds, is a pretty good argument in favor of his speed and weight-carrying powers, l'.ut it was in the Australian Jockey Club Handicap, at tlxe late Ilumebush meet ing, that he achicvd his great victory, defeat ing'Jouathau Wild, to whom lie ceded twenty five pounds by a length; and Yeno and Em peror by four," the former with an advantage of nine pounds, the latter of thirteen. Strop is now in tip-top condition, with legs under him that can stand any amount of galloping, and a constitution that is not likely to be affected by-the caprice.* of the clerk of the weather. I expect to see George Cutts en trusted with the mount, and from his previ ous successes I have every reason to believe that the horse will be in good hands. The next on the list is Sailor, about whom there appears to esist a great difference of opinion-one section asserting that but for ihe juonev behind him he would be at 20 to T7 v/hjlsf Jus friends contend that his pace has never yet been put to tl;e test, and that if not the best of the'bunch, a most danger ous rival, as the result of next Saturday will prove. I am one of the latter school, and consiler that his victory over Io in the Homebush Maiden, and over Potentate m the Publiems' Purse, fully entitle lam to a high position in public estimation. It may lie true that Id got a bad start in the .tlaulcn riate, but when she collared Sailor she could uot keep wiih him, aid !'? won '^lc comparative ease, 4'"} ?" ^ !a'5P.w!!'1 Potentate, is it not as likely thai lie fcrofce down ai the rush in consequencc of fne severity of the pace all the way, as that he Kline to grief at the start, and sa lost the race..! 1 consider Sailor a most dangerous customer: he is in splendid form, has been backed by his owner more than any other hor.-,e in the race, and if Johnny C'ltts, who [ believe has been engaged to ride him, be the expert joclfuy he is piii| to !>.?, flit; light blue jacket and white cap won't lie very far behind at the conclusion of the battle of Flemington. Next omes the queen of the south, Zoe, whose great triumphs away from'her native clime were, v.-jnning the Australian Jockey Club Handicap, at ihe I/onielmsh meeting or 'i*, and her subsequent victories at Mainland'; but 1 must not forget that Gratis beat her at Liverpool the first time she ran in New So'itii Wales, aud that in the AH Age Stakes at Windsor she Lad to succumb to Bent Holt, Grati:, and J/iuristina. 1 have no faith whatever in the rumours o; hflr having guns amiss in her training; on tli« contrary, 1 believe she is as strong as ever on her pins, and as to her condition it would be a difficult matter to improve it, Her party are very 3weet on her at present, awl-link upon the r.'t'W as all i,ver, barring an accident. I now come to the redoubtable grej-, Fiat citvlicr, whose numerous victoria m this colony, and thorough gameuess on all occa sions, have placed him in his present position, that of best favourite of the Victorian com petitors. Fiatcatcher's deeds as a thrce-yr old have seldom been equalled and never ex celled in this colony, and his performances at the last November meeting were 011 a par with his exertions of the previous year. In the Victoria Plate lie beat Woodpecker and Alice Hawthorn with the greatest ease, and the third day ran a desperate race in the bin handicap, having been ".none at" by all tin best horses in it. During his entire career, in which he Las contested ten races against the best horses in the land, he has only been beaten twice, and then when evidently out of cpndition : and even when lie did suffer defeat-in the two handicaps of the hist Jockey Club Spring Meetiug he wxs giving pouuds away to every horse in the race. I believe_ut present he Ls in excellent form, and if I mistake not, will be ridden by one of our best and most experienced jockeys, but as I am not certain 011 this point, I forbear to mention his name. Next to Flatcatcher stands the Moor, and were it not for his jieii'Jiuiit for bolting, [ veuture to assert that, instead of being fifth 011 the list, lie would at auy rate be second. As to his speed there can be but little doubt; towit, his bolting off the course at Burrumbeet, aud saving his distance after losing nearly half a mile-his cutting down the field in the Tallaroop Handicap as though they had been suddenly petrified and though last, not least, his overhauling Alice Hawthorn in the last Turf Club Cup, although nearly a distance in the rear when the luarewas not many yards more than half a mile from home. As to his bolting, I firmly believe that not a sign of it will'be shewn if he be ridden by a man thoroughly used to him, and 1 have heard licn'tly say, that whenever The Moor did contemplate a bolt he always gave timely warning. He is one of the very few horses who can keep at his best pace from start to finish in a three mile race, and if he can only get away with the lead he will require an immense amount of catching. He has been trained by Cox, whose success with Woodpecker, i'lying Jib, and others from that stable is well known, aud he will he steered by Lang, one of the most determined and skilful riders in the colony. Quickstep, the champion mare of Tas mania, next commands my attention, and of her it will be almost enough to state, that during the whole of the last racing season in Tasmania she w;is not once called upon to exert herself, every race she ran being secured with the greatest e;ise. The best horse she met was Camel, and in their match for the championship of Tasmania, the latter had'nt a ghost of a chance from the jump. This grand-daughter of Touchstone and Cotherstoue is also in splendid form, aud her light, buoyant step stamps Iter at once as a mare of the very first rank She will be ridden by Cook, who has been her aidc-de cainp throughout her entire campaign. And now for the old grey mare, Alice Hawthorn, than whom a gamerneverstripped upon any course, aud who, when fit, is always an unwelcome rival at three- miles. During her career she has won more three miles races than any horse of her time; but lam bound to admit that she was easily beaten by Veno in their great match for the championship, and she has also suffered defeat from Crockford, Tomboy, aud The Moor. As to Crockford's victory over her, I believe it was the result of want of condi tion ; but if she were as fit as all the train ing in the world could make her, she would always be beaten by Tomboy, of auld tang si/ue, or The Moor, provided the latter did his best. I am not one of those who believe Alice Hawthorn a slow mare; such a theory being upset by her performance in the Grand Stand Stake at the Turf Club Spring Meet ing of '58,* when she ran two miles with ease in 3 min. 5G sec., aud made a sorry example of Gratis and the rest. But her fastest race was at the previous Melbourne meeting in the Australian Sweepstakes, when, with lOst 5lb on her, she was within half a length of Woodpecker, who did the journey in 4 min 55 sec, or at the rate of three miles in 5 min 54 see. It may be urged that she could not have run the last half mile at the same pace; hut I am of a different opinion, and believe she can always finish at the same pace as she commenced. I saw the mare the other day, and to my taste she never looked better, and will be a very different animal, when she comes to the post next Saturday, from what she was two years ago. She will be ridden by Higgersou, who, X believe, does not de spair of the result Kighth on the list stands Io, a full sister of Zoe. This mare has run three times in public, and on all occasions has been beaten ; but her present position in the betting is to be accounted for by the lact of her being a stable companion of Strop, and, according to report, as good as he at the distance. Miss Rowie, likewise of the same stable, is to my way of thinking, a mare of another color; her victories have been numberous aud important, and her easy win iu the City Plate at Homebush, must make her awk ward in the best of company.' Both she aud lo are in tip-ton fettle, and I have heard Mr lledwood more than once say, that Strop uever won a race that she could not have appropriated more easily. . i'hdebe, another of the New Zealand mares, has never yet struck the colors of a good horse, but lias been beaten in turn by Che valier, Miss Howe, Strop, and Potentate, and her oidy triumphs have been over out siders in Trial aud Scurry Stakes. Still Mr Duppa must have a better opinion of her than her public running would justify him, or he would not have brought her from New Zea land to contend against the best horses in the colonies. Snoli, I am informed, has been retained to ride her, and I have no doubt but that he will make the most of his mount Sir Hercules, one of the Tasmanian impor tation, comes next, aud, but for his propen sity to bolt, would be a better favorite. I don't consider his pinning so badly iu Mel bourne, two years ago, auy criterion of his present capabilities, as the horse was then notoriously out of condition. Oflatehehas always been first to catch the judge's eye, save and except _ when the bolting fit overtook him, and his easy victory over Camel in their great match niust not be overlooked. .No horse iu the race is iu better condition than Sir Hercules, and under the control of Sam Waldock, who has been retained as counsel, will run a good horse if he but follow a straight path. Flying Buck has never showed in public any great turn' of speeJ, but I believe lirmly that he is a regular sticker, 'and that his pre sent condition will enable him to do all he knows 011 the great day. Report says that he had r, three-mile gallop the other day, and that having been rattled along for the first mile aud a-half at full speed, was timed iu the second, and that 2 min. 05 sec. was the figure. OF Flyiiim Jib, I entertain the highest opinion, and were the nice two mile.s in stead of three, 1 would stand all I can afford to lose on this cult. Ills mailing as a two yr-old was quite of the first class, and I very much regret that untoward events should have shut him out of the forthcoming Mel bourne :rtec-Lii)gs. ijoiic but- a nrst-iatc three-yr-old could win a three mile race, in such company, at this time of the year; the hist half-mile must tell upon their youth and inexperience-; but if Iho race do fall to one of that year, it must be to one of the very first rank. Flying Jib has had the advan tage of being well-fed in his young days, and one of his family, Tomboy, has already shown himself of sufficient quality to go the dis tance. The weight lie is a thorough master of, and I know hiiii to he as fit 11a when ho won the' Saplings' twelve jjjonflis ago. Praxiteles is a strong powerful horse of good family, and his winning the T. (J. Maiden Plate, and Artillery Handicap, augur well of his future. In t-ho latter race lie beat a very fair field, and ran a mile and a half with fist -lib on him in 2 min. 5:S sec. Came!, one of the Tasmanian lot, has only beaten second-raters, and was unsuccessful in His two-mile match with Sir Hercules, ami three-mil« match with Quickstep. IIo will be'ridden by Qill, &!iq has had charge of him since his arrival in this coinuy. Tomboy, were he the liorso of dayi koiio by v.'oulil be a diispem'.u foe for this race, bill the fact of his having twice broken down renders it almost impossible to give him the necessary work Jle is bein^ trained on the C'aulfield course, the soft turf of which e.v actlv suitsIjinj tyt J cannot help UiiuVmg iljjjt hyena iiev«r stand a severe'three-mile gallop'. He will b'e ridden by Mohaglian, who lias been' with' him since his arrival in town, and than''wliom there is no jockey in the colony that I would rather see will this raw. ' 'Quiz-the-Wind, like Tomboy, Is a hone of the past; lie ran two good races with Hose of May, but there must have been .1 screw loose somewhere or he never would have re tii ril from the turf at four years old; more over, after spending two years as a covering horse, 1 can hardly understand his owner paying up the second fifty on hh^, ?,iid if I may Judge from appearances,' lie nover can carry lOst 4lb three miles: ? Nutwith is a good horse in inferior com pany, but I cannot fancy his beiug able to live with the class nf annnah Iip will have tli? honor of assomtiw; '.vith in 'ho Cham pion Sweepstakes, though he will have the advantage of being piloted by Bentley. Swordsman is yet a maiden, but lie must have shown himself .1 better horse in private than the betting world consider him, or his owner would never have none to the expense of training and entering him for a champion nice I have no doubt but that he will come to the post, and I hear he is to be steered by Neep. The Earlier proved himself a good stout horse in South Australia, but whatever chance lie may have bad previous to being wrecked must be wonderfully lessened now ; he is in ! better trim than could lio expected, conside ring all the hair-breadth 'scapes he lias passed 'through, but 1 fear that his position at the finish will be nearer the rear than the lore. The last of the twenty-one is Zingara, but this mare has never recovered her severe race with Lauristiua at Liverpool,, and her dead heat with Gratis at floinebusii. Having briefly reviewed the merits of the various candidates, 1 shall proceed to pick the best in my opinion, from each colony, and shall commence business with the Vic torian team, viz., The .Moor, Flatcatcher, Alice Hawthorn, .Flying Jib, Flving Jiuek, Praxiteles, Tomboy, Quiz tile-Wind, and Nutwith. Of these, Nutwith is too slow; Quiz-tho-Wind is of the same school, and moreover cannot carry the weight; and Tomboy must break down if ever he come to the post. Of the three year-olds I have already given my reason lor not trusting to them; though if the race should be slow, Flying Jib could bo very close up at the finish, if meant; and if The .Moor take it into his hea 1 to sulk at the start, I expect to seethe Jib do his best to win. Alice Haw thorn will be amongst the first half dozen, but I am afraid she is not good enough to win. Praxi tiles will run a good horse for two miles, but I have yet to learn that he can go three. Of the remaining twain, if I were certain that l'latcatcher would come to the post quite lit, I should be puzzled to decide whether to invest oil him or The Moor, hut asI feci confident that thelatter will be all there and as I have never seen l'latcatcher run a three-mile race, except amongst the out siders at Tallaroop, I shall stand 011 the black'nil. Of the New Zealanders, unless Strop be the winner, I am very much afraid that the colony will not carry the day, not withstanding allthatmay be said of the won derfulcapabilitiesof Miss Howe audio. Miss fiowe h:is proved herself a good mare, but I see 110 reason to believe that she can beat either The Moor or Flatcatcher. Of the Tasmanian quartette, I have 110 line to go by; Camel 1 won't have at any price, and as I prefer a horse that has already shown itself able to go three miles, I must include Swordsman amongst the hope-loss division. Quickstep and Sir Hercules I believe are thorough good 'mis, and whichever is the better of the twain, I believe will be amongst the first rank. As Cook selects to ride the mare, I am inclined to believe that her chance is considered the better, but 1 must not forget that Cook was once seriously hurt through the bolting propensities of Sir Her cules, and as he is now in the " sere and yellow leaf," he may not care for a repetition of his former mishap. South Australia has but a poor chance, and I shall be much astonished if The Barber is not all but distanced. New South Wales will be left to 'Zoe and Sailor, as I believe that Zingara will not start if Zoe come to the scratch. My selection 13 now confined to the following six:-The Moor, Strop, Quickstep, Sir Hercules, Zoe, and Sailor, and from them I must admit I find it a hard matter to spot the veritable champion. Sailor may find the journey a little too much for him, Zoe may fear a breakdown, Quickstep may not like lOst lib, aud Sir Hercules won't like the crowd. I am thus left to choose between The Moor and Strop, and notwithstanding the great name that the latter had obtained I shall pin my faith to The MOOR, who, I expcct, mil remain in about the third place the first time round, will go to the fore at the gate, and will never after be headed. Strop will secure second honors, Flatcatcher will be third, aud Sailor, Zoe, Quickstep, Alice Hawthorn, and Sir Hercules will be well up. VOLTIGEUB. 