I ELECTIONEERING MOVEMENTS. The Wellington correspondent of the Bat first Times states that it is currently reported Mr. G. Lord is to enter upon his canvass of the electoral district now designated the Bogan, during the present week. He adds It appears Mr. Lord will be opposed by Mr. W. F. Buchanan, who, if report speaks truly, will not have " a ghost of a chance." At all events, it will make a stir in the different localities, which is very desirable just now, to correct the monotony of bush life. Regarding the election for Wellington, the fever has somewhat abated. Mr. Hyeronimus is in the field against Mr. A. T. Holroyd. Owing, however, to the illness of the latter gentleman, precluding him from attending to address the electors personally, the former being on the spot, and a resident also, has obtained the promise of a majority of the voters in the township of Wellington. Unless, therefore, Molong be much in favour of Mr. Holroyd, he will not be returned ; but should Molong declare in his favour, no doubt there will be a hard fought contest. On the afternoon of the 23rd instant, a public meeting was held at Mr. Levey's inn, Rockley, for the purpose of hearing the political opinions of Mr. John McPhillamy. Mr. R. Aldred was voted to the chair. Mr. McPhillamy addressed the electors in an eloquent speech on the several topics of the day, namely, the land question, railroads, education, State-aid, he. Ills opinions coincided with the wishes of the large body of electors present, and at the conclusion of his speech he was loudly cheered. Mr. E. White briefly addressed the meeting, and proposed Mr. John McPhillamy-, of Mount Tamar, as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate of West Macquarie. Seconded by Mr. Joseph Gold by. The resolution was carried with enthusiasm, and the meeting dispersed after giving three cheers for Mr. McPhillamy. _._ NEWTOWN. A meeting of the electors of Newtown was held on Friday evening, at the St. John's Tavern, to hear Mr. Stephen C. Brown give an exposition of his political principles. Before the meeting terminated the room was crowded to excess. On the motion of Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Mummer j- was voted to the chair. The chairman read the advertisement con- vening the meeting, and called upon Mr. Brown, who then came forward, and was received with great applause, which was frequently repeated during the delivery of his address, which occupied about an hour and a half. After a few introductory remarks, Mr. Brown stated his views on education, State-aid to religion, and the land question, also that he was in favour of a cheap and more simple mode of conveying the lands, which opinions seemed to give general satisfaction. Several questions having been put to the candidate, and answered in a candid and satisfactory manner, it was moved by Mr. Crane, and seconded by Mr. Snow, that Mr. S. C. Brown was a fit and proper person to represent the electors of the district of Newtown in the ensuing Parliament, which resolution was carried unanimously. A commitee being formed, a great number of gentlemen entered their names to secure Mr. Brown's election. ST. Lr.oswitD's EI.F.CTOH.VTF..-A meeting of the electors resident at Gladesville was held on Saturday afternoon, at Mr. Worthington's hotel, for the purpose of hearing Mr. Sayers' sentiments on the political questions of the day. The hour was so early that the attendance was small. Mr. J. B. Jackson was called to the chair; after which Mr. Sayers gave a concise statement of the opinions he holds on the various topics, and which have already appeared in this paper. His observations were received with much approba- tion, but it was generally considered that it would be desirable that Mr. Sayers should meet the electors of the district at an hour when a larger attendance could be secured. It was accordingly carried unanimously-, on the motion of Mr. Kelly, that Mr. Sayers be requested to fix another occasion on which he would meet the electors in deference to which he named Friday next, 3rd June, at 7 o'clock. The electors Present created to secure a full attendance. Three cheers were then given for the candidate, and, after the usual vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting adjourned. _______________________ 