C H I N A . DEFEAT OF THE BRITISH F O B O E 8 . (Prom the CaUutta Englishman.) The mail steamer Aden arrived from Shanghai yesterday afternoon, (Aug. 9), baring left that port on the 12th inat. She brings advices of the defeat of the British forces at tbe mouth of the Peiho —a catastrophe which reflects more disgrace on S.M, snn» than unjtbiog which has happened sinoe lier accession. Mr. Bruce arrived off tbe Peiho on the 18tb ultimo, where the British foree had previously been conoentrated. Some messages were exchanged between the British Minister's suite, and some Mandarins of inferior rank on shore. Tbe tenor of these messages was to tbe effect that tbe foreign ministers and suites would be received in Pekin, if they would proceed by a passage indicated, and situated a little north of the Peiho, which river it was intimated foreigu men of war should not eater. Mr. Bruce finally df glared that be would force an entrance, and leaving the matter in Admiral Hope's hands^ tbe attempt was made on the 25 th ultimo. The following extracts will detail the lamentable result:— We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we unhesitatingly record our conviction that such a scries of complicated bungles is not to be found in British annals. It is a matter of sincere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if tbe force he had, had been doubled or ' trebled, the only difference which would have resulted, would have been the augmented ratio of. the casualties. A simultaneous attack by land and sea should have clearly been made whilst the flood tide was running—the land force making a detour and attacking the forts on the sides. Besides, the forts should have been taken iD detail— after the first should have fallen, the rest could have certainly been shelled. Again, tbe position should have reconnoitred, .as it might have been safely inferred, in such very narrow shallow water, where so many booms had been constructed, that masked batteries were certain to be placed. Tipperary tactics arc scientific in comparison to the mad course pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position— that is to say, the entire sea force was run into tbe trap which had been made and [provided. After it bad been destroyed, or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, the land force was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong, that they could not be brought up for some time. When they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud bank, almost in tbe face of these victorious batteries, without any material to meet the difficulties of the case—two ditches intervened, and the end of it was, that 50 of our brave fellows reached the wall without a scaling ladder or a dry cartridge. Why, had the whole of the Royal Marines in the service been landed under such circumstances, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result ? We do not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They beheld the flotilla go into the trap they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelming, and, China lite, they became elated and worked hard at the guns there was nothing to drive them from. Remembering how the Russian minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year, bearing in mind the intrigues be made whilst the Teentsun negotiations were going ou—not forgetting the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on tbe Amoor just about that time, and seeing moreover that there is no Austrian ambassador now dogging the steps of the British minister, it needs no ghost to tell us that we have been victimized to Russian machinations. Moreover it is known that the Russians made one of the stipulations for the territory tbey filched—the payment by them to tbe Chinese of seven hundred cannon—as if the Chinese would have made suoh a demand unless thep had been told to do so! We do not think there were any Russians in the forts, because our troops were assailed by gingals and arrows, but that some Russian engineer planned the batteries and stockades, and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be no doubt—Russian guns being of course used. We presume the United States Minister will proceed to Pekin and will be well received there, when he will be used as a mediator. Doubtless Heenfung's wounded honor being now healed, His Celestial Majesty would come to an easy settlement if we would let him have his own way. Our right to force apassage to Teentsun is very questionable, particularly as .a safe conduct was offered our minister iy another route, and an audience promised. This of course would have ended in tmoke, but still it lorms a Celestial pretext. It is a sorrowful affair, and besides the valuable lives lost may lead to trouble and grief. Tbe expedition should bo reinforced and another attack made immediately. M.M.S. off the Pei-ho] July 1st, 1859. On the 25th of June, the negjtiations with tbe Chinese having cj «e to nothing but a put-off to gain time, the Admiral with bis Flag flying in the Plover, followed by the gun- boats Loe, Nimrod, Cormorant, Opossum, Bantcrer, Starling, Forester, Kestrel, Janus, and Faughty, proceeded to take up a position off tbe Pei-ho forts, ready to attack in case the Chinese should offer any resistance to clearing away the barriers. At 2 p.m., the stations having been pretty well obtained with the exception of Starling and Banterer, which were on shore—the former on tbe south and tbe lattA. on the north Bank —the Plover and Opossum weighed; the latter proceeded to clear a passage t hrough the iron stakes which composed the first obstruction. Two of these having been drawn, the Plover followed by Opossum, passed through them, and alto through the second boom which had been dwtrojed frj tbe flag Cuftun tut the previous night. On amving at the second aha attempted, together with the Opossum, to break through it, but without effcct. Almost immediately a single gun was fired at her, and directly all the masks were rolled up and a tremendous fire was opened on tbe squadron, and the action became general. The Lee, by signal from Plover, passed through tho stakes to tbe support of the Admiral. The Plover and Opossum were, however, soon obliged to slip, tbe fire being too heavy for tbem; and followed by the Lee, dropped clear of tho stakes at 3h. I5m. The gun-boat Plover suffered very much in killed and wounded. An officer was sent to the Reserve to order up reinforcements, but the tide was too 6troug for tbe boats to pull up. The American Flag Officer very kindly offered to low the boats up to a position to enable them to reach the gun- boats. At 4.30 the enemy's firo was slackened considerably, orders were sent down to the Reserve for marines and naval brigades to prepare to land, and the Forester and OposBum together with the Loeywan proceeded and towed them to the Nimrod tbe place of rendezvous. At an early period of tho aetion the Admiral had been wounded on board the Plover by a splinter in the thigh, and that vessel was almost entirely disabled. He shifted his flag to the Opossum; when there, he took bis station on the caboose and from thence issued bis orders until a round shot cut the main stay on which he was leaning and caused him to fall to tbe deck, a height of some eight feet, breaking a rib and severely shaking him. After a short time he left the Opossum in the Du Chayla's gig, and proceeded to the Cormorant whero he remained. At 5 45, the boats having assembled alongside Nimrod pushed for tbe shore as near the stakes as possible and opposite to the left Bastion, about 600 yards distance from it. The landing here was composed of mud about knee deep and tbe greatest difficulty was experienced in getting up the scaling ladders and bridges. The Marines aud Naval Brigade, a small portion of which had only just landed, pushed to tho front, under a very heavy fire from six guns in flank and in front. The first from the walls, ofgiugalls, rifles and arrows .was also very heavy. No check bad hitherto taken place, but here a ditch five feet deep aud ten broad occurred aud tbe men, Laving no choice, plunged across and thereby wetted their ammunition. • A party of some 58 officers and men again- pushed on and crossed another wet ditch which took them within 20 yards of the wall. In the mean time Captains Shadwcll and Vansittart as also Colonel Lemon having been wounded the commands were devolved on Commanders Commcrell and Major Parke. It was now about 9 o'clock and darkness had set in. The position of the landing party was most precarious, 50 officers and wen alone remained in the first ditch, and about 150 in the second. Many had beeu killed and wounded, and with the exceptiou of a small body one hundred aud fifty yards further back, no reinforcemcuts appeared to be offering, and the men already at tho front were perfectly exhausted and without dry aimuauition ov rifles fit t<5 use. The officers in vain cncouraged their men to charge to the walls, but it was ineffectual, the me a were few and done up, and even if tbey had not been they never could have carricd them against the thousands that lined the walls. Under these circumstances the Commanding Officer dispatched an officer to the rear to ask for instructions, and the senior officer sent him back immediately with orders for tbe force to withdraw as no reinforcements could'be sent. Directly this order was received the wounded were dispatched to the rear, by twos and threes, aud two hours having been given them to get to tbo boats the small advanced party retreated in good order from ditch to ditch, examining the ground in their retreat for any wounded that might have been overlooked. Many poor fellows, alas, in the retreat fell to rise no more, but the wounded were saved and brought off. In tbe meantime the boats of the squadron under Capt Willes employed themselves in embarking the wounded and landing party, and at 1 o'clock or a little after they were all off. The gunboats did their duty ably, and covered [ | the landing party up to tho latest moment it was prudent to fire, and shortly after as a testimony of their hard fought day, the Lee and Kestrel sunk, and the Haughty just managed to keep herself afloat till the morning, when she went down, but fortunately outof range. At 3 a.m., tho Cormorant, with the Admiral on board, and full of wounded, was so fast aground that it was considered necessary to leave ber as she was right uuder the batteries, and at daylight the enemy would doubtless concentrate their fire on ber, whereas, if she were temporarily abandoned, it was hoped that the enemy would cease firing on her, and the next, night we should be able to get her off. For the same reasons the Plover and Starling, both immoveably aground, were cleared of their crews. Tbe morning of the 26th showed our squadron in sad condition, hardly a gunboat but what was disabled. However, during tbe day the carpenters of the squadron were employed patching them up temporarily, and tho Starling having floated, her second master proceeded in a dingy and cut ber cable when she drifted out ef range with the ebb. Two night attempts were made by Capt Willes to recover the Cormorant and Plover, but without success. The Comorant's ship's company having remained till II a.m. to endeavour to float ber, a most terrific fire was was opened upon ber from batteries, both north and south, and it soon became evident that she was sinking. Qrdflre were therefor* j^ sent down to Commander Wodelitiiiso ordering him to abandon her if he had no hopes. Her ship's oompany and officers were embarked accordingly,*Aut not before the water was up to the lower deck, and half an hour afterwards ihe went down head foremost. The same night fresh attempts were made on the Plover, but it was found impracticable as she was full of water and gave no hope of her being able to float. At day light tho Kestrel,—sunk on tho 25tU under the batteries,—was observed drifting out, and having been towed by the Janus into shoal water was eventually recovered. During that day the enemy got on board the Plover, over the mud, and saved us the trouble of destroying her by setting her on fire themselves, but not before a great portion of stores had been recovered. The next two or three days the boats of the Chesapeake weie employed destroying the abandoned vessels as much as possible. I have no time to add more as I bear a vessel is going to Shanghai. Pray let me hear from you as soon as possible. We shall in all probability remain in the gulf till nearly the laBt. 