TO BRUTUS. (Per favour of the Empire.) I am no orator as Brutus is ; But as you love me all, a plain blunt man That love my friends, and that they know full well, That gave me public leave to speak of them. — Julius Cæser, My "resignation was as unimportant as it was inexpedient and unnecessary," yet you devote a precious page to my exposure and humiliation. I issue a brief address to the electors of a distant constituency, for the privilege of which I pay the sum of 13s., 6d. It is probably a somewhat 'inflated' production, — as many addresses are, — as yours I am sure will be when, to your original role of conspirator and assassin, you add that of a political adventurer of the 19th century. A little inflated — I admit, Brutus !- — you know when we do tragedy we must be tragically appointed. In that colloquy with Caesar's ghost at Philippi, you are grand and gloomy. There are many little boys in the pit who are, doubtless, deeply penetrated with the mysterious effluence of that midnight conference Let me afterwards conduct those young gentlemen into the pene- tralia while you are petting yourself up for the afterpiece. How frightful, Brutus, is the reaction upon their unenlightened intellects ! How melancholy the disillusionment to which they are sadly subjected ! The Brutus of tragedy is pacing before their very eyes into the spangled harlequin of a Christmas spectacle. My young friends despise your camelion characteristics. They do not recognise the man beneath your assumptions. I do Brutus, I respect you even as a tragedian — you do the heavy patriot with effect — you stab Cæsar with 're- sentment,' though with ' regret. ' I will not say (because you are ' young ' in your art) that your action is feverish, and your articulation flippant. I will say perhaps, that you overdo your part a little — ' rather inflated,' that you have not yet " acquired and begat that certain temperance'' of which so many young actors (in and out of New South Wales) are forgetful, but that despite these disadvantages you are a hopeful youth, and may succeed if you persevere. And again 'well beloved Brutus,' when your togs and your pilum have been laid aside, and when (to the scandal of the juveniles) you have passed into the gaudy panoply of the hero of the pantomime, and when the thunders of the theatre greet you with applause as you liberate the spotless maiden of the emerald isle from the dungeon depths of the great enchanter ; and when Columbine rewards your endeavours with soul subduing smiles and bewitching pirouettes — then, too, bright Harlequin, I would not tarnish your tinsel, or tell you that you leaped too high or too low, that your wand and its wonders were but the craft of the stage mechanician, and that the oyster and porter which will be your earthly pabulum after the shifting scene has passed, are but poor provision when compared with the ambrosial mixtures which animated you with lightness, when you performed that astonishing feat of jumping through a stage shop window, "There is one glory of Tragedy, and another glory of Comedy." My anonymous friend of the Empire, you have much to learn both of tragedy and comedy. You can learn. Brutus why so critical? It may be that I can play Cassius — one of those "stark, bare, hungry men from the north" which the Herald speaks of this morning. Have you not love enough to bear with me When that rash humour, which my mother gave me, Makes me forgetful? Harlequin, the whilom Brutus, be generous! The "hungry Cassius," in his afterpart as "poor pantaloon," may meet you in the pantomime. We shall smile then Harlequin. No "reminis- cences," then, of tragedy when we are playing comedy ; and Brutus, of yesterday, will not frown, to-day, upon the DEAR DEPARTED DOUGLAS. Sydney, 22nd November, 1859. 