pquiiTßy pï§Ti4çm (l?rom our own Correspondent.) ' NEW NORFOLK. POUCH COURT, SATURDAY.-Before Di; Olftccr. William Penfold a butcher, was charged with stealing ten sheep tho property of Mr. Charles Minsie, also a butcher re siding at New Norfolk' ' Mr. Minsie identified two living sheep and five sheep- skins as his property. They were found on tho promises of the prisoner by C.D.C. Richardson. A constable proved having seen the prisonor leave his shop with his sheep dog before daylight on the morning of the 11th. Penfold went in the direction of Minsie's paddock and returned in about fifteen minutes with a number of sheep which ho drove to his premises. The prisoner was remanded until Tues day, (yesterday), for further evidence. Bail was refused. DAHIXO OUTBADE.-On Saturday even- ing between 11 and 12 o'clock as Mr« Dean of Belmont near New Norfolk was reading in his room after the family had retired to rest, a man who had been con« cealcd in the house before it was looked up entorcd the room iu which ho was and attacked him with an open knife, Mr. Dean at onco coped with his midnight adversary and a terrible scuffle ensued in which we regret to 9»y Mr, Dean received .[' «it I or 6-wc«ndíMn--different-parts-of-his" body. ThisdetermiñedrnfUan, who was «nknown ,to Mr. Dean, made his escape. He is a short man Btoutly made, with dark bair, and he received a cut across the face. in the scuffle. Had not Mr. D. resisted with so much cool determination aud pre- tence of mind he would in all likelihood have been murdered. It is supposed that the man had been previously in his employ and knew the premises. The police are in search of this daring villain. CaiCEKT.-On Saturday the 19th the return match will bo played at New Nor- folk, between the New Town Cricket Club and the New Norfolk Club. "Wickets will be pitched at 12 o'clock. The latter seem confident of regaining their lost honors. Hop-picking has commenced with good crops, but with a reduction in the price of labor. This year the pickers are only to aeceive three farthings a bushel. Last year they received twopence farthing. This is owing to the fall in the price of hops. KANGAROO POINT. POLICE OFFICE, 12TH MAncn.-Before W. Tarleton, Jùq. Henry Burt, Henry Allender, William Cowan, George Woolley, Matthew Price, and William Folder, of Kangaroo Point, were severally charged on the information c>f C. D. C. Ashton, with having unregis- tered dogs in their possession, over the age of four months. Folder was fined 5s., but the informations against the five other parties were withdrawn, (as uncertainty existed respecting the nges of their res- pective dogs) on each person agreeing to register his dog forthwith. LONGFORD. POLIE OFFICE, 10TH MARCH.-Before C. Arthur, Esq. SURETIES OF THE PEACE.-Mrs. Eliza Simon, wife of Mr. Simon, Butcher, prayed the sureties of the peace against a Mrs. Eden, the wife of a shoemaker of that name. Mr. H. J. Hookey appeared for Mrs. Simon. It appeared that the husbands of these ladies were arguing about a dog belonging to Eden whose thieving propensities had made sad havoc in Mr. Simon's shop by appropriating meat to his own particular use and benefit. The two wives came to the rescue of their husbauds, and intro- duced a little bye play expressly on their own account, during which tho past and present history, mental qualifications, and future prospects of each were freely canvassed. This little inter- lude proceeded to threats aimed at the wig worn by the complainant, which she would first pull off, and then send her head flying after it. For these cogent reasons Mrs. Simon thought it best to restrain her opponent by legal means, and hence the application. The Magistrate thought this course prudent under the circum stances, and Mrs. Eden was bound over for six months accordingly. The sureties were found, and the two ladies left the Court, entertaining no very neighbourly feeling towards each other. " PRINCESS' THEATRE.-This pretty little ice was opened on Thursday evening it, uoder tho patronage of Charles Arthur, Esq. For the first night of the .Wfiflsjon it was well attended-the boxes in rticular. The opening piece was .Like Father like Son." There was a !j|new dramatic company composed of ama sîtyurs assisted by Mr. H. Gordon, Messrs. ;,||Seeve8, Booth, Templeton, Byers, and Iwards. Mr. Lefiler was the leader of the hestra Mr: T.C. Reeves, manager ; Mr. Edwards, scenic artist ; and Mr. Byers, impter. Mr. F.B. Watson, junr., is tho isee and solicits the patronage of all ivers of the drama. The characters .oughont the above piece were well sus ned., Sir Toby Toppit by Mr. Gordon s well received, as, also, Mr. Booth's bin Logg, Mr. Reeves' Dashwood; iLydia by Miss Ellen Mowbray and Sarce jgtet by Mrs. Villiers were admirably sus frtainea. There was a musical Olio by the ilLefBer Family and Company. Tho songs ||of Messrs. Reeves and Gordon were rap játurously applauded and encored. Tho sjirVvening's entertainments concluded with ^.The Lottery Ticket" in which the whole ^of the actors and actresses acquitted them- selves with great credit. The Princess's w ill be open every Thurs [day night during the winter season. Next ^Thursday the pieces to bo produced ave M"The Spectre Bridegroom, or a Ghost Sin Spite of Himself" and the " nappy litan." The weather has been excessively hot for the last few days, liaiu is much wanted. 