THE NEW' SOUTH WALES RELIGIOUS TRACT AND BOOK SOCIETY. The annual meeting of this society was held last evening. in the hall of the Mechanics' School of Arts. ~ The Hon. G. Allen, Esq., M.L.C., president of the society, took the chair. The Rev. Mr. SairsON opened the proceedings with *"*Tno Chairman- referred to the pleasure he felt at having a new set of speakers to introduce to the meeting that evening. As this would preclude the necessity of his making anything like a speech, he should call on the secretary to read the report _ TheSi,CRET\\.RY (Mr. A. Foss) read the following report: The committee of the New South Wales Religious Tract and Book Society desire to prevent this, their thirty-seventh report, to this meeting and the Christian public with feelings of gratitude to God for having been permitted to labour through another year, and with earnest prayer that the car upon which we now enter maybe one of groceries more extensive usefulness than we have yet been privileged to realise. The committee would also take this opportunity of commending this institution to all who desire the extension of the work of God in this city and colony, and would request that it may be racially and earnestly remembered in their private and feLl prayer,. Without divine influence it vain will our books and tracts be circulated, and such influence we can only hope to have shed forth in answer to believing supplication. God will be enquired of by his people to do for them that which he his promised We are not straitened in God. we are straitened in ourselves Our publications contain a simple and clear statement of the plan of salvation ; they set forth ruin by the Full, redemption by the Cross, regeneration by the Holy Ghost, and sanctification by the Truth. These great doctrines are plainly, fully, and in various ways stated and illustrated. Our books and tracts are adapted to all classes and nations, some of them have been written for the drawing-room, and some for the cottage. Some of them have been written for the employer and some for the servant. And all of them we can confidently recommend for circulation. The committee would earnestly urge increased organisation for the regular and systematic distribution of religious tracts, not only in this city and its suburbs, but also in the towns and -villages of the interior parts of the colony. They would likewise direct the attention of merchants, trades- men, and others, to the importance of sending: in their various parts, packets of theo Messengers of Mercy to those who may be likely either to read or circulate them. And they would further advise all who wish to see the population of this land loyal, i moons, industrious, sober, and religious, to do all they can to disseminate the appeals, warnings, and invitations of the Word of God, which these publications contain, enforce, and illustrate. The committee cannot thus appear before you without for a momentrffcrnog to the removal of one of its most active and devoted co-workers, by whom, in past years, an immense number of its publications have been put into the hands of sailors and others who have visited this port. A great loss has been sustained by the death of the Rev. L. E. Threlkeld. Through a long series of years he has been instant, "mseasonandoutofseason," in seeking the spiritual welfare of a class of men too often neglected or forgotten, and to whom this community owes special obligations. He has carried our books and tracts not only to the Sailors' Home and to the ships in our harbour, but also to the abodes of poverty, the ir stitutions of bene cleric, and the haunts of misery and vice. May his sudden remove, an stir us all up to renewed and increased devotion and loyalty, and and the God of all consolation" comfort and support the bereaved members of his family. They are e also to record the sudden removal, by death, of the Rev. Joseph Cooper, who since his residence in Sydney, has been an active distributor of the Society's Tracts in the gaol, Darlinghurst, Benevolent Ah) Lum, Female Refuge, and Infirmary. The committee have to report the resignation of its clerical honorary secretaries, the Acre, John Dougall and S. C.Kent. These gentlemen, in consequence of the increasing pressure of their ministerial and other duties, have felt themselves compelled to retire, although they still retain as warm an interest as ever in the success of this society, and are willing and anxious to do all they can to promoters welfare and extend its usefulness. Messrs. Adorn and Tess have kindly undertaken to supply the places thus vacated. The committee have also received the resignation of Mr. Samuel Goold, the depositary and assistant-secretary, who for several years has filled this important post. Mr. J. H. Morrison, late assistant at the old depot, has been appointed to succeed him. The committee has found it necessary to remove from the old depot, at the corner of Pitt and King streets, to premises more adapted for their purpose, which they have caused to be suitably fitted up and furnished, and which are situated at 204, Pitt-street South. They would respectfully invited all the supporters of this society to make themselves early acquainted with the new depot. In order to encourage large purchases for gratuitous distribution and general circulation, your committee have resolved to allow 20 per cent upon the retail prices to nil cash purchasers to the extent of £10 and upwards ; all other reductions, excepting to subscribers and Sabbath-schools, being discontinued. Grants of tracts have been during the eir entrusted to the following gentlemen, viz., the Rev. Messrs. Beasley, Brownrigg, Charter, Coates, Cooper, Drake, Elder, Gibson, Kent, Threlkeld, Vox, and Waraker, and also to Messrs. Alderton, Comrie, Foss, Hogg, Mitchell, Moutry, Pidgeon, Tilley, and others. Grants have also been made for distribution in the Benevolent Asylum, Infirmary, gaol, Bethel, and harbour, The entire number granted his been-books 850, and tracts 11,504. The issues during the year have been as follows: Books .... .... 54 319 Tracts .... .... 125,289 The total number of the publications issued from the commencement of the society amounts to 1,939,537 books and tracts. The treasurer has remitted on purchase account eight hundred and fifty pounds (£850) to the Religious Tract and Book Society, London and two hundred pounds (£200 to the American Tract Society, New York. Your committee learn with pleasure, from the sixtieth annual report of the Religious Tract Society, London, that a munificent grant of tracts, to the value of (AND) fifty pounds, has been made to your society. Your committee have great pleasure in referring to the exertions of your colporteur, Mr. Berney, who is labouring in the western district, and they would thankfully recognise the co-operation of gentlemen resident in Bathurst. According to the fifth rule, the following gentlemen retire from your committee, but are eligible for re-election, I ii-., John Campbell, Esq , M.P., Rev. W. Cuthbertson, B A Rev. J. Eggleston ; Rev. Hugh Darling; the Hon. D. Jones, Esq" M.L.C. ; A. Bonar, Esq.; Rev, li. King; Professor Smith, M.D.; and the Rev. John Sharpe. In concluding this report, the committee would urge that renewed and increased effort should be made to free this society from all pecuniary obligations, to circulate its books and tracts broadcast over the colony, and to extend its usefulness on every hand, that through its instrumentality, and that of kindred institutions, " the wilderness and solitary place may be glad, and the desert may rejoice and blossom as the rose," " that instead of the them there may come up the fir tree, and instead of the briar there may come up the myrtle tree to be to the Lord for a name, for an everlasting sign which shall not be cut off." The Treasurer (Mr. G. W. Allen), read his statement of receipts and expenditure during the past year. Mr. M. H. Stephen rose to move the adoption of the report, congratulating himself that this being a merely formal resolution I could not require any very great support at his hands and that thus he could leave to others who would succeed him, and would be better able for the task than himself, to advocate the claims of the society. The society, though some six and twenty years old, was not yet out of leading strings, for the accounts of the treasurer showed a large pecuniary liability that it had incurred, and that its income was unable to meet. However, he hoped that the interest that would be excited by the report when printed and circulated, and the impetus that would be given by the speeches of that evening, would enable" the society to wipe off the debt it had contracted. On looking over the report of the proceedings of the parent Society he had been astonished at the immense amount of work it had performed, and he trusted that the branch society here would endeavour to emulate to its utmost the noble example. That it had done something was apparent from the fact that already it had circulated nearly two millions of tracts and religious publications, to supersede the trashy shilling works, so many of which were now about the city. To see how the society had done this, it was only necessary to pay a visit to the depot of the society, and to mark the elegant assortment of books there collected. It might be that no very great amount of interest was felt in such institutions as the present, because the subscriber to them did not see the results of his subscription as he did in the case of a subscription to a church, or chapel, or charitable society; but, though no results might be apparent, it was utterly impossible that so many tracts should be circulated without some effect being made upon those who received them. It it as not because the work went on quietly and imperceptibly that no good followed. By adopting, printing, and circulating the report the public would be enabled to see, what now they little suspected, how great the efforts of this society have been. Mr. Moon seconded the resolution with great pleasure, belief angas he did that the evangelisation of this city was mainly dependent upon the success of this society. If they were to overtake the vast amount of spiritual destitution that prevailed in Sydney it would be by the distribution of such tracts as those issued by this society. The resolution was put and carried. The Rev. Mr. CiTiiiiERTSoN said that the resolution entrusted to him was to the following effect : "That as the books and tracts issued from the society's depot ore so thoroughly adapted, by the blessing of soil, to convey knowledge of the highest character, and to counteract the pernicious effects of noxious literature, it is the imperative duty of all the friends of the society to avail themselves of every opportunity of extending its operations way of disseminating its publications." As he understood this resolution, it asserted two things, the purpose for which this society was established being two-fold. First, it wished to supple- ment the literary productions of the day, of whatever character and. ability, that had not directly for their purpose the teaching those who read them the words necessary for salvation and, in the second place, to S,tfUhe1e?ect of another class of literature, *nÄiewi-Utl0*n Vf ?. Property terms A noxious gas and these by the: circulation of the books of this ss new .,..." would require no time to commend the t^aâ^ï°V0nm^ both these pwT In son tr. 2s"". 6 I did not set itself in opposition to the moral literature of the day, for they all were at liberty to enjoy all the good and' great proW &í«7that they could find spare time to read; I but when they came to consider that they were immoral another kind than that furnished by these works of genius, however great, and they sought it in tKb lications issued by this society. Christ Ä tempted by the Dey, had utteÄsewor^/'Ä liveth not by bread alone." Man was not a merely Physical creature, otherwise bread would have sufficed For him but, being an intellectual creature, his mind as well as his body required ailment. But man was not merely ^hy-iVano^an intellectual creature, he was X a spiritual one. He had a soul that «q««cd»u|; tivation. not for time but for eternity. Thus then it became their duty not merely to sustain and nourish the physical and the intellectual in man, but a so to cultivate and strengthen the spiritual and to this end the society called upon that meeting to give it their hearty and prayerful support. Let them fully understand the position that this society took up. They did not say that all the works of genius were to be discountenanced. They did not lay their ban upon books having mere intellectual improvement for their object. No; the members of that society had as much taste Mr, and enjoyment of the works of great minds, as had those who confined themselves exclusively to such works. They did not wish to detract from the study of any of these as they admitted that the student therein would obtain strength of mind and intellectual improvement ; but the society said this: "If you limit yourself to these, and take no other line of study, then you deny yourself that which is your highest duty and privilege the study of that which will tell you of your Saviour and of your salvation !" This was a position that was not to be disputed, unless, indeed, by those who denied that man had a soul to be saved ; but once admit this, once admit religion to exist, and it at once stood above all knowledge as high as stood eternity in comparison with time. Coming now to the second part of the resolution, the object of counteracting the pernicious effect of a class of noxious literature. Now, what was this noxious literature ? On this point some of them might differ, but there were some productions upon which all of them would agree upon which all fathers of families would unite to put their ban that ought to be put down, and not be allowed to circulate in any house in the colony. There were some of these so bad that they might not be named. Some there might know that there were books written by men and by women, and circulated in this present day, that it was infamy for any man or woman to read. But it showed something for the indirect influence of religion that these works were never shewn openly in any house, and that the men who read them would be ashamed to be discovered doing so. Then there were works written upon gambling, and other things that did a great deal of harm, injuring young men, more particularly by leading them away from higher and nobler thoughts. Such works as these ought not to be allowed to circulate; but to prevent this and to counteract their evil influence was only to be effected by the issue of books such as those of this Society. Again, the first speaker had alluded to the immense circulation of cheap novels at the present time. Now, he (Mr. C for one, must confess that he had no objection whatever to a moderate reading of the Higher class of works of imagination ; but, looking even at the titles and prefaces of the large majority of cheap works exhibited at the booksellers', he would ask any person what possible good, either mental, moral, or spiritual, could come to the men or women who spend their time in reading that fresh. Many of them set before the mind images that must influence, and which to the young, who are not influenced by a higher power, must in all cases be injurious. Among the novel readers whom he had known he had observed that of the devourers of such literature, none could read anything else ; the mind became incapacitated and weak, and unable to grapple with anything that demanded study or close mental application. With such persons there was no moral basis or depth of nature in which the Word could take root, to bear fruit of sixty or a hundred fold. These were those of which he had the least hope. They cared not for immortality-they lived in the sentimentality of the present moment and thus was destroyed the noblest and highest power of their nature. We cannot be apathetic with these facts before us ; we must bring agencies to counteract this terrible state of things. There was the pulpit, it was true ; but upon the most liberal calculation the pulpit did not teach half the population of this land, and the work would be undone if left to the preacher. But common sense pointed out another agency. He did not believe in the cry that the day of the pulpits' power was gone for ever, but he believed that as long as the pulpit retained that finest instrument-the human voice-to breathe a living power into the hearts of men, it would never lose its glorious influence. Whilst we saw that mighty engine, the Press, wielded not in all cases for the noblest purposes, may sometimes to serve the ends of those whom the society might consider its enemies, why not take up that powerful weapon, and employ it religiously for the purpose of strengthening and re- fining the moral and intellectual qualities of those who were the friends of the society? if he knew anything of the signs of the times, and of the current spirit of the different churches, it was in favour of that lay agency, which was the very glory of Methodism and _ every Christian man zealous of good work could be employed in scattering the silent messengers of grace, and, if The did it with, a heartfelt prayer for their good effect, he would be doing a great work for the colony. It was not true, as some supposed, that these small tracts were the only kind of works circulated by the society ; some of the literature was of the highest class, and fitted the reader for grappling with the greatest efforts of scepticism and infidelity. It was to be hoped, too, that the time was coming when the colony would have a religious literature of its own, and that this auxiliary would take up the work of getting such tracts and books written and published as would suit those in the bush, and act the pioneer as it were on the road to religion. As to the influence of little things, he was reminded of an old member of the society, living at Cudgegong, who used, on very Sabbath, to leave some of the tracts in the hollow of a tree on every occasion of her return she found them gone, where she did not know, but it was to be hoped God blessed them to the saving of some souls. The rev. gentleman then illustrated the suggestion as to the large influence of some little things, by citing a reminiscence from the recently published work upon the life of Rogers the poet, in which it was stated that when at the High School, Edinburgh, whatever preparation he made for standing dux of his class, he found he was always beaten by one boy, who at the end of the year took the prizes. Scott set himself to observe what gave the boy such power, and where lay his strength, when one day he observed, when the boy was answering a difficult question asked by the master, that he immediately put his hand to work with the lower button of his waistcoat. This was the case invariably when the difficult question came and Scott determined to deprive the boy of his button, and accomplished it. The boy was again before the master, a difficult question arose, and putting down his hand for the button he found it gone ; his memory vanished, he became confused, and Sir Walter went above him, and kept the place. The man became careless of what position he occupied, at length left the school, and gave way to drinking. Looking at what this society had to do, seeing also how small influences worked out important results, let them to-night realise what the resolution declared, "namely, that it was their imperative duty to use every means they had to help on this society and render its working efficient. Captain Martindale, in seconding the resolution, observed that he had been in connexion with the society, except for a few short intervals, for fourteen years. He had seen its operations in Gibraltar, where there was a branch still in existence and there was another at Corfu at each of which places the books and tracts were extensively read by the soldiers, and especially Wilberforce's Practical Christianity. Hi experience led him to the conclusion that it was a mistake to have religious books for the lower orders written in a humdrum style ; they would not put up with works of a stiff, sombre tone. It was astonish- ing to see how the soldiers thronged the kind of clubs which in some places had been established for reading and refreshment, such as by a cup of coffee or tea ; the public-houses were deserted for them. Believing that the books of the society were such as are calculated, by the blessing of God, to do good ; then it must be admitted that we had a duty to perform in circulating a knowledge of the Word, seeing how necessary it was to counteract the influence of that flood of light, sceptical, and seductive literature which was now so fast increasing. Looking at the past history of such a society as this, it was unreasonable to suppose that it was a sort of thing that could not be successful in Australia. It might not be reasonable to expect that the Australian Auxiliary would be as influential as the society at home, but every one in his day and generation should lend it the best hand he could. The Rev. G. H. Moreton moved the next resolu- tion, That this meeting, acknowledging the wisdom and goodness of God in establishing such an agency in this colony, and in maintaining it thus far, do pledge themselves to renewed effort, increased contributions, and more earnest prayers for its success." He believed this society had been in existence for thirty-seven years and who should say the amount of good accomplished by the thousands, nay millions | of tracts, that had issued from it ? or who could say what good would not yet be accomplished ? He could scarcely point to a spot upon the globe to which the tracts of this society had not found, their way, and it was delightful to see how the society grasped every opportunity of fulfilling the mission which God, as head of the Church, had given to it. The poor soldier, fighting for his country-the infidel, abandoned to blind unbelief, received its aid. The latitudinarian of the Continent and those religionists who had adopted forms not in obedience to Christ, also felt its power and its effects were felt where the Saviour's name was scarcely known. But the society was not confined to European parts of the world, they found the society working in Asia. During the civil wartha was raging in China, the rebels had taken a large city, and ten thousand imperial troops had come from the country in order to retake it, and the Bishop of Victoria (Hongkong), thinking it an opportunity the ministers of God ought not to lose, his lordship, with himself (Mr. Moreton and two clergymen, went to the camp, carrying with them tracts and testa- ments. The scene was such that he should never forget it. The ten thousand soldiers were engaged in sharpening their battle axes and spears ready for the morning's onset. The cry was given that foreigners were in the camp, and immediately the Chinese were told that they had come with books to teach them the Christian religion ; they took the books, and it was with the greatest gratification they saw the men who but a few minutes before were making dreadful preparation for the slaughter of their fellow-creatures reading the tracts issued from this great society. These soldiers came from all quarters of the empire, and, in all probability, the books would be scattered in every direction. The society recognised men wherever she found them ; be he Asiatic, European, infidel, or nominal Christian-she recognised the principle that he was a sinner by nature and practice, and that there was only one remedy whereby he could be saved, namely, that he be converted to God, and be by His Holy Spirit regenerated. The history of the Church of Christ had been a history of prayer, and whenever a revival of vital godliness had taken place, godly people had been led to expect it. Such was the case in America. This was what we wanted in this country and that God's spirit might be seen working in these days, let them pray that the God of the harvest might send down his Holy Spirit among us, and make the desert and rocky places blossom like the rose. Mr. David Jones, M.L.A., seconded the resolution, which was carried. Dr. Mouatt moved the third resolution, That G. W. Allen, Esq., be treasurer, and Messrs. A. Foss and J. O. Adams joint secretaries, for the ensuing year and that the following gentlemen be added to the committee, in the place of those who retire, according to the 5th rule : A. Bonar. Esq., J. Campbell. Esq., M.L.A., Rev. W. Cuthbertson. B.A., Rev. J. Eggleston, Hen. D. Jones, M.L.C, Rev. H. King, Professor Smith, Captain Martindale, R.E., and M. H. Stephen, Esq. Mr. A. M'Arthur, M.L.A., seconded the resolution, which was carried. A collection was then made, and after prayer from the Rev. G. B. Moreton, the meeting separated. We are requested to notice that a letter was received from the Rev. A. H. Stephen, of Redfern, apologising for his absence. 