PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY. In the Legislative Council — The Police Bate Bill was read a first time. Statistics of South Australia for 1858 were laid upon the table. A return of pensioners within the province was laid on the table. Amendments in the Census Bill and Offences by Forgery Statute Law Consolidation Bill made by the Assembly were agreed to. A message was received from His Excellency inti mating that provision would be made for organizing an armed force within the province. The Council adjourned till the following Tuesday. Iu the House of Assembly — Petitions were presented : — Irom the Great Eastern or Magill line of road, praying that road might be retained in the schedule of main roads. From the District Council of Mount Crawford, praying for a main road to connect that district with the main road to Lyndoch Valley. From the inhabitants of Noarlunga, praying that justice might be done in reference to the Main South road. The report of the Committee upon the petition against Mansfield's Patent Bill, stated that the allega tions in the petition were proved. A return showing the officers in connection with the department of the Inspector of Sheep, who had obtained leave of absence, was laid upon the table. The Police Rate Bill was read a third time and passed. The House adopted an address to His Excellency, praying that £1,000 might be placed on the Estimates as a reward to the first person crossing from this colony to the north-western or northern shore of this continent. A Bill to define the main roads of the province was read a first time. A schedule of main roads, recommended by the Central Road Board, was hud upon the table. The Customs Act Amendment Bill was read a second time and passed through Committee. Messages were received from His Excellency, inti mating that £3,209 3s. had been placed on the Esti mates for police purposes, and £6,000 for the forma tion of an armed force in the province. Documents relating to the establishment of tele graphic communication, by way of India, between Great Britain and the colony were laid upon the table. A Bill to extend the Gawler Town Railway from Section 1411 to Kapunda was read a first time and referred to a Select Committee. Messages were received from the Legislative Coun cil, intimating that they had agreed to amendments made by the Assembly in the Census Bill, and the Offences by Forgery Statute Law Consolidation Bill. It was stated that the resolution of the House in reference to the war had been forwarded by the last mail. It was stated there was no truth in the report that a number of immigrants by the James Jardine had left for Melbourne. Statistics of South Australia for 1858 were laid upon the table. The House adjourned till the following Tuesday. The Commissioner of Public Worts has intro duced his new Main Roads Bill, and should it give rise to extensive discussion the ease will cer tainly be one of 'much ado about nothing.' The Bill literally contains nothing, except a schedule, and the schedule contains nothing but a reprint of the old list of main roads. It is well known that the Central Road Board have advised the expunging of certain main lines of road from the schedule at present existing, and it was expected that the Government Bill to ' define the main lines ' would have embodied the policy of the Government on this question. But there is not the ghost of a policy in it at all, the Bill aiming at nothing more than simply to declare that the former Acts denning the main roads shall be repealed, and that a new schedule shall be framed, the said new schedule being identical with the old one. The Commissioner of Public Works at the same time laid upon the table the new scheme of roads proposed by the Central Road Board, which wilL we presume, be discussed in Com mittee consentaneously with the new-old schedule included in the Bill. Certainly the course adopted by the Government is one that re lieves them of the whole difficulty and reponsi bility of initiating legislative action upon this most critical of questions; but it occurs to us as being a rather remarkable mode of legislation, although doubtless it will be equally acceptable with any other mode. As to the grand scheme of obliteration pro posed by the Road Board, we are sure the Par liament will never agree to it. It is only a few days since the sum of £400 was voted to a gen tleman at Brighton, because a road was run through his sections some 18 years ago ; yet in the face of this the country is asked to sanction the much greater injustice of expunging main lilies from the schedule. We should like some one wellveraed in political Rule of Three to solve this qu.esti.on. : — If one gentleman is entitled to receive £4O0 for being supplied with a road, how much are 500 persons entitled to who have their road taken away from them P It will be seen in our Parliamentary report that a petition in favor of retaining the Magill main line on the schedule was presented to the House of Assembly on Tuesday, signed by 509 persons. ____^^___^_^^^^_ From the Advertiser.] One Thousand Pounds will be given by the Parliament of South Australia to any person who will start from Adelaide or from Port Augusta, and cross the continent, striking the coast line anywhere between the Gulf of Car pentaria and the Tropic. This includes an im- ' mense sweep of seaboard, and would enable the explorer to select any route he might prefer be tween due north and north-west. We believe the public generally will approre this vote. Hitherto our expensively fitted expeditions have been expensive failures, and little or nothing more. At all events, they have not secured to the community at large, any advantages worthy of the outlay, and we believe that nine persons out of ten are heartily tired of Government explorine expeditions. At the same time it is highly desirable both for scientific and commer cial purposes that the centre of the map of Aus tralia should be filled up, and that well-directed efforts should continue to be made with a view to cross the continent, and thus to solve the grand problem of a central sea, or a central desert. We have already informed our readers of Mr. Stuart's magnificent discovery of rich and well watered country — discovered some 300 miles further north than Babbage's and Warburton's furthest. Of course we have not as yet any detailed particulars of Mr. Stuart's travels, but we shall not run much risk when we assert our firm belief that what he has discovered is really good country. Fears have been expressed that the fresh waters reported by him are only sur face waters, and that the river 'three miles broad' is only an immense shallow rain-pond. Of course, ' Rumour' must speak ; but we shall be more ready to believe Mr. Stuart ; _ and we have' that gentleman's authority for saying that onlv one shower of rain fell during the whole time he was out, and that scarcely enough to wet him through. He believes that the waters he has discovered are permanent springs, and for the present we must take his statement. The motion for offering a reward of £1,000 was tabled by Mr. Hawker, who induced the House to suspend the Standing Orders to enable him to introduce the motion without the delay attendant upon formal notices. Several hon. members in the course of the debate regretted that a higher amount had not been named ; but the general feeling was that Mr. Hawker had. sufficient reasons for proposing the sum already I mentioned, and that the reward of £1,000 from South Australia would only be our share to the general contribution, which would doubtless be made to recompense the successful adventurer — a contribution to which Victoria, New South Wales, and other Australian colonies would gladly subscribe, and to a share in which Great Britain herself would proudly lay claim. Mr. Hawker's motion made no distinct reference to Mr. Stuart, and the reward would in fact be paid to any person who might cross the country as indicated ; but the Assembly eagerly passed the resolution, on account of Mr. Hawker's statement that Mr. Stuart would start in less than a week if the motion was carried. We have since been informed that Mr. Hawker is not quite correctly informed on this matter, and that Messrs. Chambers and Finke — Mr. Stuart's backers — will not equip him in prospect of a reward which would be all ab sorbed, and 50 per cent, more, in providing for the journey. These gentlemen, however, will do well to remember that the exploration of the Australian interior is a question in which South Australia bears but a fractional interest. The whole civilised world would rejoice to do honor to the man who, by performing such an exploit, would be deserving of the highest eulogies, and the most substantial reward. The £1,000 would be a mere ' nest egg ;' but we will not dwell on this view of the 'question. The idea of mapping out the heart and core of this great islandconti nent is too glorious to be estimated by pecuniary gratuities, and the service is of too heroic a charac ter to be made dependent upon votes proposed and debated in a Committee of Finance. The man who makes known to the world the secret of the interior of this continent must he suitably rewarded, and the Government in placing the sum of £1,000 on the Estimates, merely recognise their obligations in this par ticular, and set the example to other parts of the British dominions. Should Mr. Stuart proceed on this mission, and return successful, a trium phant ovation will await him ; and it is much more . likely that in the exuberance of their enthusiasm the public will err on the side of ex cess than on that of niggardliness. We believe Mr. Stuart is the man to achieve a distinction such as no explorer lias ever yet achieved, and we trust he will at once be placed in a position to carry his plans to perfection. 