THE CHINESE IN AUSTRALIA. The presence of large numbers of Chin- ese in the Australian colonies, and the course of Australian legislation on the sub- ject, have attracted a large amount of atten- tion in England ; and the following is a series of letters which appeared in The Times during the latter part of September and the begin ing of October; the writers of which look at question from various points of view:-- "Sir,--Having lately paid a visit to the Australian province of Victoria, during which I remained several weeks in the im- mediate vicinity of a camp of about 2000 Chinese gold diggers, and, having had other opportunities of becoming acquainted with their general habits of steady industry, so briety, and obedience to authority, I have felt strongly the impolicy as well as the un fairness of tthe heavy imposts inflicted by the colonial regulations on a class of immigrants so very valuable in a community whose chief desideratum is tractable labor; and I have consequently awaited with some impatience the receipt of certain documents from Aus tralia, upon which I intend to call the atten tion of Sir E. L. B. Lytton officially to the peculiar system of oppression suffered by the Chinese immigrant laborers. " The expected papers not having arrived by the last Australiun mail, I should still have refrained from taking any steps in re ference to this subject had I not learnt from the mail summary of the Sydney Herald of July last that the colony of New South Wales was following the suicidal example set by Victoria. " Referring to the treaty just effected with China, in which, the free access of British subjects to that empire is justly considered one of the most important stipulations, it is to be hoped that on the facts of the opposite course pursued towards Chinese subjects by British colonies being brought under the consideration of Her Majesty's Government, measures will be promptly taken to insure the removal of the shortsighted and illiberal re strictions herein adverted to, as it would be monstrous to permit the continuance of an oppressive poll-tax on the Chinese in British territory, on the one hand, and on the other to insist on the free access of British subjects to all parts of China. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " VIATOR, " London, September 17." "' Sir,-Will you allow one who has also lately paid a visit to the Australian province of Victoria to state a few facts in reply to the very plausible letter of ' Viator ?' "1. The Chinese in Australia are all males, and, if they continue to arrive in as great numbers as they have hitherto done, will soon outnumber the European population. Where, then, is the ' impolicy' of checking such a system of immigration? "2. The whole of these Chinese, with a few insignificant exceptions, are engaged in gold digging--not in trade or agriculture. How then, are they ' a class of immigrants so very valuable in a community whose chief desid ratum is tractable labor? "3. The Chinese in Australia, on the one hand, producing none of the exports, on the other, consume little or none of the imports and products of the colony, for they live almost entirely on rice, and are generally clothed in the gaberdine of their country. " 4 The Chinese do not settle down in Australia; they purchase neither land nor __es. Having amassed sufficient gold, they return with it to China. How, then, can ' Viator' style them ' a class of immigrantes so very valuable,' and where is the 'unfairness of the heavy imposts,' for I know only one (a poll tax of £10 per head on entering the colony), which can form ' Viator's " peculiar system of oppression suffered by the Chinese immigrant laborers ? ' 'Add to these facts the well-known m rality (?) of tbo Chinese, the resulta likely etite when among 40000 or 50,000 Chine .there» is not ona female of thoir own natlo tho beneficial effect of Ohiueso e.aruples on tcaitcred mining population, theu you w see wb&t; necessity there is fur ' Victor' io ' ot the attention ot Sir B. L B Lytton official! J&B; to iheaigume.t basid on our lecenttrea viitb Ctuttj, ii consideration of the difieren lietweun international and monicip ii I AW W .imply provo that there io no .<._logy. " I am, blr, j our obedient tjrvwt, " Seeitember l8." " Pnr_o J UDÄBS, " Sir,-' Viator' complains in your papar *LJS d'ty of the recent lavis passed m Victor tnd passiug m New South Wales, v.ith t object of excluding Chinese immigrants. 1 rtbsiiig their steady and orderly oonduct. " Is he aware that those Chinese immigrai itnvo introduced into tbo coloay a shock! «nd disgustng immorality, which, tha' Cod, Englishmen will not tolerate? Is .wrue that Chinese weio excluded at t «iezuaud of a publ.c outraged by theil vlclr îiabita ? Does ho believe thal colonies whl vould not receive Brittihctiminals ate iik< to be compelled to accept tho baser u bltbier criminals of the Chinese empire? -rices he think ho will obtt-iu oympalhy fri Sir E. L. Bulwer Lytton in such an act of < spressiou ? " Sir, the Australian colonies aro loyal, -ibis more than ia anything-thoir wish xemain English in race- as m feeling " I am your obedient servant, " A COLONISI " LondoD, September l8," " Sir,-I am not surprised at the tone of t *wo letters in your paper ot this day, relat to the Chinese in Australia, as they sim jiflect the prejudices which havo led to «ne sided legislation I complained of; but «ppeal to the records of tbe civil and crimi ?courts of law In our Australian colonies wo place beyond contradiction the fact that ihe various disputes and collisions which have occurred between the two races the Chinese have been much more sinned against than sinning. "The Chinese immigrants to Australia for the most part indigent young men, whose passages have been paid for in English ships by countrymen of their own- who either .accompany the laborers or place them under the charge of a confidential agent, to whom .they pay over the money they earn until the stipulated compensation for the passage- money has been reimbursed. .'Engagements of this naturo have boei "rely broken by the Ohinese that the system li Ra become permanent. The capitalist, find- ing the laborers honest, continues to make the needful advances to keep up the supply of immigrants; and the fidelity of the Chinese to their agreements contrasts so favorably with the practice of European laborers under similar circumstances that I have no dout It will shortly, become a matter of policy in our Australian colonies and in New Colum bia to employ them in large bodies for rail way and other public works, aud thus ob -viate tho certainty of inconvenience and delay from those strikes which are still so prominént a feature in the creed of the .British mechanic and laborer. *' Once at work, the Chinaman is indus trieus, add although an Englishman's energy would certainly beat him in the amount of a day's work, the superior steadiness of the Chinaman would bring up 'the leeway, while the former was on the spree, idling or drink ing. " With regard to his ¡commercial value Chinaman arrives1 and ¡departs in'a BritUsh or .colonial, not a Chinese ship. 'While in Aus tralia he replaces his worn-out''clothes with those of British manufacture. He drinks little or no spirits- the curse of the colonies as regards Europeans—and avoiding drunken nesa, he avoids its consequent idleness and sickness. He loves good eating,'and.'is à' large purchaser of luxuries of English importation "He has been charged with exhausting the soil of its auriferous deposits; it is notorious that the greater part of the Chinese gold seeking operations are carried on in ground already worked and abandoned by Europeans, the habit of .the Chinese of trusting each other, and working in combination,' enabling them to draw large profits from sources which are utterly valueless to isolated labor. "I have remarked above that the China- man is no drunkard, and to that clream stance I attribute, to a considerable ex tbo odium under which he has fallen in cer tain quarters,, He has no friend among the publicans, who swarm like locusts throughout the Australian colonies, and It is by these men and their rowdy customers that emeutes and acts of outrage are got up against their more sober and peaceable neighbors, as the numerous decisions in the local courts will prove incontestably. "'Philo-Jadæus' objects that the Chinese do not resort to Australia to settle, but to make money and carry it away. Did it never occur to him to calculate how many thou sands of his own countrymen, young and single men, do precisely the same thing. "I will, not ask him why they, Europeans and Chinese, do not find in Victoria induce- ments to settle, as it would open too wide a field of discussion ; but I will simply ask, in reference to the treaty which was the text of my former letter, whether, in stipulating for the free access of British subjects into China that free access could be supposed to be liable nuder ' municipal ' régulations, to a poll tax of £10, or a permanent settlement in the Chinese empire? It not, how is it possible for tho British Government to countenance such extortion on such pretences in the Aus- tralian colonies? " Your obsdient servant, " September 21." " VIATOR "Sir,-Your correspondents aro evidently not aware til a a the Chinese tu tho ptovince ofViotona ara Eiiljectto any other impost than the £10 poll tat on entering By st iccent Act of the Victoria Laâielature all the Chineso in the province are rendered liable to a monthly tax of £1 pu head. 1 believe they ara also prohibited irorn becoin in g naturalised subjects, and when on tha gold-fields they are obliged to reside in camps: marked out for them by the authorities " I nave seen tho Chinese on the gold fields »nd elsewhere in the province of Viotono, uni I quite coincide with the opinion formed by ' Viatot' of their character. ' their general habits of steady industry, sobriut}, and ob a dience to authority,' " The immoral practices hinted in the letters of ' Pliilo-Judajas' and ' A Oa'oniat' may or may not exist, one thing is certain, the name of a Chinaman seldom appears on the police sheet other than as being appre hended for having wandered beyoud the pru clnctB assigned to him foi his camp without a pass from the Chinese protector 'Theie ara now about 40,000 Chinese ia the province, the groat majority of whom perhaps about 30,000-aro engaged 'in tho necrch for gold. Wo will presuun that the l Ohineee digger finds, on an average half an I ounce of gold per week This will yve 15,000 , ounces per week found hy 0'iluemon -a quantity quite large enough sensibly to affaot [ the Englißh money market. The Cbino3a I UBUuliy work over ground already abandoned by the European digger, and the um t balk of the gold found by them would otherwise be lost to the community , * Now, Sir, leaving the main qu siioii, viz. the propriety of taxing foreigneis bli tu* rln¿ a BrltiBh colony, to the able pen of " V.ator,' I will call your attentiou to the ta\ íetently .imposed It was only a few years Bloca tha, s licence fee of 30s pm month împuscd on all gold diggers gave rito to serious dh,tuibauce3 in the colony, the fee was aboluhcd, ana an export duty put upon gold. The goldfquul hy the Chinese is, of course, ant juct to tiru duty, whllo they ha\o to pay the möJthl/ tax of li, a sum equivalent, at ttu'm.o o',; their'earnings, to the li 10s. formeriy charged on all diggers. ,: , " Befleoî, Sir, for a moment on the harsh- ness and injustice [of thus taxing a body of men resident in Btltioh territory, many of whom on entering paid a ia\ of £10, on the distinct understanding, as thu law then stood, that thoy would thenceforth be permitted to work with protection on British t-oil " We all appear tobo writing from memory. Thoie are, however, moby men now (n Eng- land who have held high effie" al positions, In Victoria, and could doubtless moro fully explain (the position of the Ohmese in that province. . ' 'Viator ' can do no good by al pealing to Sir E, Bulwer Lytton. Tho royal assent has, through the Governor, boen aliesdi,giveu to these¡ Acts Wo can now duly hone, with your aid, to arouse the Viotoilanleglalatjra to a knee of the justice and morey of the case, and of the impolicy of their late pro «weedings ' 1 am, Sir. j om obedient servant, " September 22 " " PuriiANinnopos *' Sljr,-Like all those who Tenlly know the Obinese at the gold-mints of Australia, I fully indorse eveiy word that has,been written by 'Viator,* but ho evidently, not kavína resided for any length of time on the gold- fields of Victor ia, does not seem fully to know of all the oppression these unfortunate people suffer both from the Government and the miners ' The history of the mining regulations requires to be known before the full hardshir of their case can be seen " The old system was by liconco-first a1 1/ 10s, and then at It* à month This wa: felt to be BO heavy and grievous a tax up at the European minors that they met it varions parta of the country,, and drew ni petitions, &c;, to tho Government, the excite ment increased, and thoy talked of walkiut tn masse upon Melbourne IIov ever, nothing was done, and tho excitement at last broke ont in the Ballaarat riots, und then thi licence to all miners was reduced tq a cost o li* per annum for a ' miner's right,' and a tai oi 2d Gd, an ounco was put upon all golc exported. " Now, how does poor John Chinamat stand ? At first he was admitted, like otu.DI foreigners, to work with iho miner's right o! £1 a year, a cry was then raised that million' of Chineso were coming, and they would sooi he the dominant class. A capitation, tax o £10 was then put on, for the purpose of pre serving Australia to the English, some o these unfortunates paid this tax, and som1 avoided It by landing in South Australia ard walking overland to the gold fields, and many 1 a string of these unfortunates have '. Been, weary, exhausted, and almost starving they having been deceived into the belief bj Christian captains that Guichqn Bay in iSouty Australia was but a day's mareil from, thi gold fields of Victoria, instead of which it ii about 400 miles , however, those who did paj -and they were thousands-did sounder th belief that their troubles were over, and. tha they were entitled by their payment to equa rights " But, no, a fresh outciy ia, raised that thai aro pagans, &c;, and an additional tax is liii upon them of £1 a month, under tho name o 'protection tickets ,' so. that the bürdet which was too heavy for the Europeai miner to bear, oven when the miuoB were rich is now laid npon these unfortunate Oblna men, who practicallj aro restricted to grouni that haB been previously worked an< abandoned by Europeans. And au it wa held that Chinamen could not hold claim without protection tickets, some European at Mount Ararat were base enough t 'jump,' that is, take possession of, man; poor Chinamen's claims who had not beai alle to pay for these protection tlokotf Many of these Chinese had been workin in water ana through rock for months, with cut having obtained an ounco of gol! and then, when their exertions and the! outlay were to receive their just rewart others Btcpped in and by meanB of this crni law reaped the full harvest of the Chineman r-tertions. Bj this spoliation mauy of th Chinese were so reduced as to be obliged t work for their spoilers. "At the Ovens the whole of tho Chinee were summarily ejected, thoy were deprive 1 i their 'joss-houee, which, with their Btori jrd tents', were burnt and plundered Tb Victorian1 Government estimated the losa < í re Ohineee at £0,000, and paid that amor- to the Ohineee , nnd although thus riot too idace openly, and was accompanied by grea btutplity/not a single conviction) waa ol tul ned 1 It was ono of those cases in whioh jury onie hot convict Ibis 0>e,ns riot is a example of what is oonétantly,being enacte cn a smaller scale all ovt>r the gold-field Iho question naturally arises, how dotB ! happen that thoVictonan Govtmaunthnve-s acted ? .It arises, I believe, from the faofe the iuembars' for the goldfields are,..nearly,a! residents of Melbourne, ami therefore ^ha« really no local knowledge, and as the Chines unlike other miners, have no votes, the ¿f.nnot make themselvoB felt in oltctioneorin contestai trio whole power of returning mem hers resting with the European miners, wh Lette IhejObinese for their tempérance and BU< í,ít9, and their sob°r enjoyment of fruit, vege f^blea arid poultry The Europeans raised th e,i y". ' % hpso mon have come to pollute our lan I ^ ljth thejm'ds't abominable crimea ' Theproc of iheee Crimes has yet to be produced. In tb |iendigojcodtts I hove heard crimes prove ligainst Englishmen thqthave mado my bloo tiure çqld but againsj; the,0hinese the,proof 1 i-(v.i.li primes has yot to, bo pioduçed«tnTb , i quid, be good saj thcBo men, oro pagans [ 1 he;ypta vile-Ttcep them away Botare nt ysó tq, them us pagans? and hftvo womot, £ Llbe^wonrs' point, forced ouxiudtniseiou, fre ol capitation thi and protection tickets, int ' ti. e brcadtih. aäd length pf their land ? ¡ Or \, hilo) ia greatly on the jncreaae. From, eve 1 1 on go li outer' I caro away a tract, a bit < 1 pedness is poked into me here, theroi an t very where l'ho womçn tell, me ( this worl is a wilderness, and they regard, not 1 Inehions-, and even tha newspapers talki the? vast pponing that Chiua now prcoenti < Christian; missionaries. Now, bir( why hi not some portion of this overflowing goodna been expended upon the 40,000 Ohtneao n ready to our hand InVictqria? uducatedj men; they can all readowrlte, an (.alculateJ are willing to listen to all wai have 1 euy to them, and in haBie, I donbt not, 1 return home and bear witnosa to their kno< ledge of the practloal results of Chrlstlauii among a most Christian people. " I remain, sir, your obedient servant, ' A BBMoraoiiiAV. *' Guernsey, September 27." 1 Sir,-Like your correspondent " Viator 1 too, have visited the Australian colonies unlike him, my islt was not limited to a few weeks, but exter-ded to eomcthingshort of 2) years While there nothing excited my at tuition more thoroughly than the wholj quettion of Ohineso immigration and from tLo days when a mero handful of these paopla wero imported as shepherds and hutkeapari by our Equatters to the ctlmt when the at tractions of our gold finida brought them in "ilmosticountless nnmbersi-it was a part of my Bpeciul business to watch with care thi wkoloyxnovt-tuont 11 may »ay* tbot never in I my lifejhavô I witnessed omore Btriking sight I than that presented bj the advanced guui of this singular people when they had recul va I infoimation of tho wetUii of our gold-Hal i!i and of,tho liberal terms.) upon which fchv wero thrown, openijto all comers i A'm t>,t utter strangers lo us, we seemed j erfo My well known to them Without ir i lt_Llo i or intimation of any kind, they H cru toa Al quutly enoampoel one lino morning, by hundreds, on a little eminence to thi south of Melbourne During the next day or two they e vanned about oui shops and storer and immediately after they fcraUid off ia loa, files with all the attendant, eqoeutneitias of costume and manner, to the remote interior with as much confidence, self complacency, and matter of fat,t composure, as If every ia dividual man had been thero beforo, and. w.j thoroughly acquainted with every inch of tha couutry he was about to traverse Well, Sir, here was rather a startliug sight These men, singular enough in every aspare were not only linprtssive in them elves. Thay weie the representatives of a-p£0|ila ,¡0C,O00O0D or 800000,000 sUong, undia their calm and courageous style of making thornselvea BO completely at home, the qucBtitm wau forced upon the mind as to how rnauy of then fellow countrymen were likely to follow their example Tiom that day io this the. subjso! bas not only occupied ibe thoughts of the more refl°ctlvo colonists out baa been a coa Munt.topic for diEou'iBioii and tho results at ilred at may be found to bo basic! upon lathoi -u-oro careful and protracted conjideratioa ol the entire question than would I devoted te it during his few weeks' reiadout by the cor respondent vi ho baa thought fit so off hundedly to charge the colonists with ilhba rality, tyrunu}, and hall a dozen othai iflencps i It will _ot ho aaceived that I am a vorj bigoted opponent oil Ohinese Immigration t: Australia, when £<£oy that I v-as in the firs instance an advocate for their introduction and that I still tush to set) them come ii moderato numlvsi and-in a stream capa bl. of modification and control I bitte al way held that thoy (,r\\\ teach ourfullow country men new pursuits, and; APW modes of manu ¡acture, and-that ¿hey tvtll bil Bora to bnu with itheta taiticlts ommo.iy' proj'uod it their ovm country but at/v- anil intor03tra^ to a country >Ko imperfect l.> doveloped as on 0 vn Ami I ntn prepared to look upon th undoubted evils itíbedarable from the! coming as fairly cou'ritoi balanced by sue! advantages, andby the opportunity of intro dutuig into tbtiir own wondèriul empire i constantly flowing etredrrt of Buen BntisI civilisation as their residence- for some tim with OB will enable (hem to convey But It is one thing to tpleii-te or avon op provo a moderate intercourse Qf this sort 1 io altogether another tbibg to stund by am tee BO fine h country deluged with such pee pie and to find the integrity of KB prltis ckaraoter endangered by the invasion of a; overwhelming body of Bach a neu and her 1 go all lengths with the mont energetic c thoir opponents , It is believed that, ÍD 'ejpito of our effort to moderate their Immigration their nutt bers m Victoria alone amount to nesrl 40,000, and I coufe s that I look upon thee AB about 30 000 foo many lo mero skin mers of the snrfneo of things, the docility an obedience to the laws of a larg body of mott miy apptur sufliclen evidonce 'of their eligibility as citizens but I ¿teed not amplify my minarka t tugçeBt to you that oh aggregation of 40 0C narlo pagabs, of moat peculiar religious an moral code, tolerably well supplied wit money, and Surioundcd Ly many temptation contams all tho elcmonts of most Iri^htfi degradation that their soveral carapb will I watched With the most jealous ey CB by tho European neighbors and that tho ooe-asioa outrages inseparable froruBounnatui il a sta of tilings are likely to produce the moat vi lent aud implacable exasperation Doci eau ¡nnceful as the Chinaman is, partioular while in a marked minority, he is essential n low casto man Ho may not get diunk wil British 'liquors or engage in nolöy braw about the public streets, but neither shou his freedom from this paiticul r kind offenco lead us to believe him free from otho not of 80 obtrusive a character, btu not c that account of a tendency less dangerous tie public welfare Ia point of ti t, ti Chinaman hao introduced into thin color new crimea and ne v diseases, and of a ve licieeifnl »ViJirhnfRr IndPHfi But while conceding to him nil the credit due to his habitual poaceableneas and oba dieucs to tne laws let us not forget that rven these good qualities maybe in excess, that they may degenerate into dotvnrigh elavlshncss, and may utterly unfit n man fo occupying hie true position in a free country, nnd such is the condition of the Omnama i in Australia Unsuited to tako any part 1i political business, and, from hld peaulia tempérament nnd the oircumstaucea of hil 1-oBition, nuable to bear up against th) rcngh energy of character so characteristic o' Ibe colonist of British origin, the Chinama i lonstitutes a sort of slave class, and is never likely to attain a better status And us th ) iulinduction of a slave class is deeply lija nous to any country, and attended wich Vac/ evil influences to all connected with it, it may tull be conceived that the lmmonse an i constantly increasing extension of tins Liai of immigration has excited the misgivings of many sincero well wlbhera of taecoloaioi, and recognising in these colonies ono of th ) most magnificent inheritances of the Britts i people, wo are quite justified, I think in pro teeting against their occupation by a ino ' ct only confessedly inferió-, bu" ha via, noch weaker claims upon the naturi I sympathies of every good eubjeot of tui BritiBh Crown It is not becausa tao work ing classes of Great Britain aro still bl imporfectly aware of tho splendid 03 poitumties afforded to them by em i gi ation to Australia, or because th i leaders of those working classes ure constantly beset with r. vnguu dread of inconveniently high waces consequent upai extensive emigration, that we, who have hal practical experience of the advati ages of Australia, should submit to tho Blooktuj up ' ofthat great common by a people bavin? none of the claims and few of the virtues of cur own persevering, contented, and índui tiious fellow countrymen ' When your correspondent volunteers a recommendation to the British Government to interfere, I would recommend h'm to 00a eidcr well what ho is about As lar as tb.J colonies aro concerned this question of ChincEo immigration me; be contiidered a chose finie, nnd atiy lnterfeionco from horn» will not only be ineffectual, but gteatly irri- tating and'OffeLnstve People have but suparr ficiullj btndieti the tendencies of tbéae depon cenotes, wliö'havo not observed that tho lower of the working man is guatly aad increasingly in tho ascendant With universal tuftrage, eqáál.elcctoral districts, the ballot, and a Government responsible (0 «the people, almost an. entire, monopoly" of political power has'passed,'or is passing, into the hands of the laboring ida§3Q^,| consisting as*" they do of oh imm,iiasa majority in every electoral distict. An^ the pcblio men of the'se vâral colonies, at, a showing quite sufficient aluórity in buivlngt t > the riBing sun, and in outbidding due an.pth.ar in their claims to bo consider cd >thg/riond of the working-man," that only1 ¡ pjssport ti lolitical eminence. This Chinóse Immigra, tjon question is essentially ono in which, tne Jabpring man is principally. intaiBtel, and,, a , most emphatio opinion-or rather decision, ÍftB been expreestd In this quarter-" We ave not come this" ditltanco," thoy nave vier, ' tualiy sold, "toybe associated, ,pr to entar, into competitionrwith a pack ot ugly pagans, who can lipa' on* rice, and Savemonoy at a wpge of Ôd.va'daj*. 'They must bo kept out by, ilegal means^If possible, Bhöttld these. ML wai , shall resort toother mèaatires » ' 7 a>, "."That thé^will dd 80.letthotóhiragosof, .Jiüeobporthifltid the Buckland tell, and that , tieso outrngifl will always be {it-te-n lod with ^featured of -gfliat1 atrocity evety onu jvill wael,! ,}mowvhD remembers the thcn^-ndi of har tlored felons Who havo been pnlatfcd oil upon 1 i4s"i yteJii ¡n LO by, abd who will loti, tnvo3fc , luinuiar ccnsnirj ion in Australia with, that uqiaklure1 of rubbery and murder ia which , ¡,i i That En¿lüíid i 1 placed in a difficulty at buang stipulated foi the free admisolon of tvei subjects' into au empire vhose inhabl tapio arc not equally free to enter her depsa ,14 cien I can easily s r But it in not tha aalet time that un quai termo heve boen as ...iil d ut Iho cannons mouth by a ¡o wer ful LitUon Irom n .uuk oae She mist ri rouelle .len contrstoney u ehe can, and if the pia (iberof 40 or 5U colonies, ehe should alio * i-u tto-cbt upon their interests while .«king very good care of her own However ii ib difficulty is to be got over, it must be by somu other means than enforcing the a i mu- ston of the Guiness into Australia. Any sua a step would prodnco the extreme of irntatio-i and disaffection, and the great advantage nrlbiiigfrom theOUinese treaty would begreatly marred 'by any angry breach between G-reAt .Brttaintaud these most Important depau< llenóles .upon a subject of a nature so deeply interesting to them, and upon which BO much o[ their future history depend?. " I am, Sir, your obedient soi vant, " EDWAHD WILSON." " Sir,-Tho singularly candid letter of Mr, Edward Wilson in this day'» Times, exposin; . os it dees in strong relief the prejudices uad influences which bavo found their manifesta- tion ia the Australian law.s recently levollel tiguinst Chinamen, is certainly o valuable ci ntrlbutlon to the discuBsioa DOW occupylas toineipublic attention on that éubject, and I trust that the facts Mr. Wilson has adduced villl be found by your unprejudiced readers, to Ltutrallso or counteract bia arguments atti oouelusiona: * ' The letter as a whole might v.ny woll ba allowed to speak for itself, as Intrinsically confirmatory of the viovîs expressed by me M'I.OII I first addressed you npon this matter, II». Wilson-admits the sobriety, iildastry, and dociliryof the Chinamen ; he cites instanoe.' c1 violent'outrages npon them, attended by HMnres'of great atrocity; ho admits th*t i !,e y are unrepresented in the Legislature, .ti'tticat an entire monopoly of politic al low er having passed into the hands of the .kboriug clusseB;' and 'public mon tero out- bidding one another In their claims to bo cou 'hlceied the-frlend of the working man,'and tb.it the said working men have dasei minet 1 ?TJJ fuir'meanB or by foul, ' to keop oat tht iij.lv pagana.'' " ' - , 'Upon"these premisos Mr. Wil&ou; deter mines to cost in bia lot with, '.the thoUBa'udi ot hardened-felons who invest publiccoramo tifitHt 1:1 Australia with that admixture o íobbcry and'ruuidcriri which these miscreant delight,' to ranko common cayso wltbrthes imacreauts in heaping further pains and ponai tits upon their peaceable,"sober, and iuim tnouii competitors in the lnbor market, an to Uneaten in no obscure manner the mothe , country with fatal consequences, If she ghoul time to inteifere for the protection ot tua o« jrtBocd strangers, now our ailie?. ' As i'l iiave the satlstuotloa of knowla f 1 om an nut hen tie source-that tho position « t' u Chineso immigrants in Austmlia is undi the consideration of Htr Majesty'ti Govert mti-t, I-will"notattempt to alscüss the sal jeot of ¿the ' new crimes and' new diseases t .Jury hateful character xudecd,' alladocl >( 11n*Mr. Wilson's letter, or his assertion th? r ' the Chinaman constitutes a sure of slav, 'cass, and is never likely to obtain a betts ttiH'is,' although' these uio dicta that requii Booie better'evldeuco before they aiöTocoivii tut axioms. I will therefore, conclude by. r p ttting the question, ia reference) to M U'iliion'e complacent assumption that, ' < 1 id (is the colonies uro concerned, this questic ' oflOhinese irumlgratlonumay be considered chose finie,' whether1 It Is probable) that ti British (Government will'peitxtit b Coldni deliendenoy to render nugatory by'a loo "ttct of legislation au Imperial troatj formal U¿oluded between twotíoveroifin Stutts- or treinost powerful, tho otheu tho mest pop lou» of existing nations? ' ' "Mr. Wilsontadmits the difficulty'and ti iiiCOnslBteuoy, but thinks,'however;it ia be got over.'- I think so; too* but I thin in ru the facts of'the caso; and'thoTi'speotl' positions of tho parties, the infeicncó 'isHrt bittlblo that the solution of the difficulty'wl hu rather in ooiiBonanco with tbo views tho advocates of juBtico und fair dealii towards the Ohinece than with those of the ojiprtesors. > " I am, Sir, your obedient seivont, "VIATOR. " London, October 1." "Sir,-Having reiilded five ycors in Victor ni d while there taken an activo paît ia ti Chamber of Commerce of Melbourne to seco Chinese subjects free access to the.colony a: iucdoni of trade, to which I conceive th mo entitled under ou» old treaty with Chu 1 have read with interest the corresponden m the Bubjt'ct in your columns., " The Chinese, since their admission it tur colony, have proved thcmrjelvesanordei and peaceable race. It is a turo thing fo Chinaman to appear in a Coarto'Just! iMtpt as complainant, and the only get crime committed by Chinese during the 1 it ur years was the murder of a prostitute .Melbourne by two Chinamen, who were b: hanged. ' r , "Many of the Ohinese aie Olulatlans/a btv nal have married English, Scotch, a lush women. They aro not ot a slavish e' I j csitlon, for they all work on thoir own 1 count, or, at all events, some of those, Victoria biro themEelvcs to the Eufclisb. "The Chamber of Commerce of Melboui bus in 1 vain memorialised the jGovernuv against the restriction laws. Those la,wa w paused by a -Pniliament which did not present the people, and It is, a qaóst; whether under au election, when tue n Belorm Bill is passod, theso laws will not The Chinese in Victona do not live oa Od a day, wbatover they may be obliged ta do In their own coantrj It must be re- membered that the) are nil malo adults, and bil baid at Work Competent judges havo ettimattid the expenditure of every Chinaman in Victoria, for clothing, food, mining too s, lodglug, and luxuries at 30a per maa per vuik but tuklug it ut 20a, or say, 601 per annum, the value of the 40,000 Chinese to cUo trade» and ngucultaiists of the colony is no lees than 2,000 000/ per annum But the real question has appateutly boen avoided 1 in all this controversy Does the Imperial treat), which provides so com- pletely for tho Ireo access to an 1 residence in, China of English buljects, provide equally fir the Chinese in ibe Britleh dominions I la tie treaty n one Bided one made at tha cannon's mouth, or is it one founded on jui titu to both paiticB? If one sided, then of couise, Victoria and our other Australian udonicF can piss exclusive laws arid British Columbia, whon it gets a constitution can do st also But if the treaty IB a just one, will net one of the firat acto of the Chinese Ara fjansadoi at our Coutt Le to repiesent the liuidebip and injustico measured out to tha Chinee in Victoria? 1 heard yesterday from an American resi- dent here that in the treaty with the United ? fetales reciprocal righto are provided for Cul i tee and Americans I believe nil malo Chinese can read and wiilo and, at all évente, anything of impor Innco to ti em is communicated to ona mother in a tory ohort space of time Pluy correspond reitulurly with China, and their titajnieiit lu Victoria, if much longer per bisitd in, may bo vlelicd on thu hendBof sumo ol our enterprising countrymen who may hotllu iu the iutorior of tho t?!owory Land ' ' 1 do not wish to enter on the religious nsfect of the question, bat the C1 iutse mast tbink the English a nation of humbugs. Thoy herir of our subscribing hundreds of thousands of pounds sanding out missionaries b) the score, and punting Bibles and Testa- ments iu ever) Inuguao0, all to convert the heathen, and jet passing laws which prevent ihehcathén front coming to our moot flourish- ing colonies, and profiting not motely by the ¡ ,f.Swm of a Solitary missionary in tho causa of C1 ilstlanity, but hythe eicamplù of a Christian population ' li is true that diggers object to the Chinese, and, in tho caso of the fiuokland iiote,,drove out hundreds of that rae-*, almost ? with i fire i and ewoid But ie this right? Ctrtajnly | not It is quite tia true that » umbers of the laboring elaes in Victoria ard cpjOEed to moro laborers going out, even jtlclripwn countrymen But this is wrong )U1EO In Australia thcro is a homo for mil L lions, and although at first some hava diiucplty in obtaining suitable employment, i the beat proof of tho capacity of Violotia ior ataprblng labor, Is thai whon I went there, la I, the en,d of 1863, thaïe wero only 200,000 people iu, the colony; there vyill be not lees t'iau uLÛ.Oûp by1 the closo of tho present year. ¡ ,(lht,6u people aro all employed, and npty pro' i pucanearly all the breadstuffs thoy require , end Mien I tell you, Sir, that maspne, carpen "teji.Jtp, have all combined, foi a coupla of jjtjnrs¡. past, not to work more than eight K.Lçmm a day, y DU will at once BOO that tha working classes are not BO badly off as some /complaining ^letters from Victoria would re* , i nient I i-, "I beg ledvö to enclose to you a short account of ' The wonderful progress of Victo ria, na published in tbe Melbourne üeralß ot December 16,1857, the statistics in Which aro nil taken from ofhcial documents, and may ie relied on. The Government of the colony has since published tome of them In a oom lendiouB form, with some agricultural statis tice If I can procure a copy I shall send it ¿c Shs Times. "I am, Sir, jour obedient servant, 1 HOIIEM BOWDEN, Late Councillor for Lonsdalo Ward, City of Melbourne li Wardrobe-place, DoctorB'-commonii, October 1. ' A TniKvts* DEN I_ TUB NATIVB CITY or CALCUTTA - We6straot4he following from t lett», of a correspondent to The Times :-" Wi hnd ,penetrated a long woy deep into tin entrails of the native city, whoa my camp i nionl seemed to recogulse somo object o Mhich he bad been in quest. It was a twj storifd house nominating all its neighbor i, and extending faraway backwards, coveria; much groni'd. He lit a dark-lantern, gavj bia holet) to a chov.kt.dar whom ho h» i balled Bomo minutes b"fore, and motion-) I mo i to follow. There was a holi abtut two feofc Kiurtre in the closed doo' of th's house, or rather this grout shell o' briekvtotk-a h^lo conrealed byarag'whlsi hung ov.r it. Through this hole wocre^t, and found ourselves iu a room fiíléd with A suffocating vapour. A mau and a boy wera IISIFI'I» o" a trestle.«) ftietasleep that,althone t we flatbed tho lantern over their faceo, ther did not ywikf. iThiough this room we passai into i, ruinoos-yarrl-wetds »nd briokWorkaa Í , broken rnGsumy, Our datk lantern showed uj a st » 11 (.ase, and no ascended to a gallery whio i ran lound the j ard, but had noprotcctia; rall ru prevent QUI falling down luto It. As wi groped along this dangerous platform I vea tur' ii to ask what this place waB, and what object we h idhi coming there. The answer wai that it waa Euspected that a murderer was concealed .'in the imruodiale neighbor boo 1, lind thr>s purpose of that night's expeditloa was to gf-fpoma idea of nia wltereaboutB. All along this gallery were doors leading int> looms, which we'oould hear were not un tenanted, for wo had evidently disturbed thi inmates. AVe stopped beforeDna of these aa i knocked. -There was an answer, and aftec ionia votaankiud had bren sent into ai inner room, two were admitted. Such « | thbcpy, clotted, fierce looking wild man a rbe luid of this habitation does not ap pear in nnv of Dr. Diamond's photo .f.iapbs of furious madmen. What was sail I do not know, but he prostrated htmael like ip lebubed evil spirit before the com mund of my companion, and,'sotting out a cm guide, tied UB through rooms and allay. mud y ard?, over drains and ditches aud broke: walls, until I was fairly bewildered. Arrivia at our ^t'stinAÜon, our guide) knockod u, another-* honal mau, ubout as preposseasia as himpelf, and this man had some friends; £ very animated debate enßiied, and I need« no ghost to tell me that we two Englishman without any othei weapon! than the Ititi. > rattan stick with which I picked my waj ¡ind without any as&istaLce; within hop of ¿all,i wuio Burrotiuded ]by half i dczmt ? of i then most .desporota ruff! in Mit Calcutta.. Yet the Ejgllahman com mended and' the Hindoo cringed. The; were I told that this'man mubt be given u{ or-. What the alternativo was did no trauDpho, but it was terrible enough to mak tiiem undertake to lure the man back fro. tim Mofussil.'aud deliver him np to justlo. The wre*ch was guilty of a cowardly series c murders upon nativo'women, whom ha ktlle with 'a short iron bar, and despoiled of thel '(¡liver, u.nkltst(i und urmltts. Even these ra illirie- 'seetupd aBhomed of him, and they wi probably keep their engngemout; but I mer ten tbi3 nnecdoto only to show that th Kr.gliBh pmtge is not lost and powerloai i .t lo thievee'den of Calcutta." 