COCKNEY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. | BY PETER 'POSSUM. London; January 14th. The Funds are going down-down-down. We all know what that sensitive barometer portends. We are on the eve of a general European-perchance, of an Americano- European-war. To adopt the old, old orthodox figure, clouds are arising all round the " political horizon." Swiftly they ascend in ever darkening gloom. There is scarcely a patch of blue sky to be seen. Low rumbles prelude every now and then, the coming storm. . This is the " position." Louis Napoleon, compelled, if he would keep his throne, to secure employment for those who placed him on it, looks round for some antagonist. Ho wants one whom ho may attack both with honour and safety, and finds such an one in Austria. She is big enough to pitch into without in- curring the imputation of being a bully, and he may hit her hard because she has got no friends. Russia -wants to crush her, in revenge for the attitude she .took towards the close of the Crimean campaign. | Rome is afraid of her. Democratic Italy hates her. Constitutional Sardinia aspires to rise into the status of a first-class realm upon tho ruins of her peninsular power. England cannot with any consistency back her, if an assault be made upon her in the sacred name of freedom. Prussia, at present, is but half-awake the champagne may no longer be permitted to get into her head, but as yet she has only just taken her soda- water, and is, therefore, still too stupid and shaky to be good for anything, Minor European states count for nothing. Louis Napoleon, accordingly-acting, no doubt, in concert with Alexander-puts himself forward as an advocate of good government in the Papal kingdom. The Pope refuses to take lessons from such a lecturer -the pot doesn't like to hear the kettle call it black. Louis Napoleon threatens to withdraw his troops from Rome, unless his demands be complied with ; sug- gesting, nt the same time, that Austria shall with- draw Tiers from the Legations. Austria replies by ïeinforcing her Italian garrisons, and supplying thom ' with siege provisions. Louis Napoleon insults the Austrian ambassador in-almost literally-the face of Europe, and pats his poodle, Sardinia, on the back, when, safe in his protection, she shows her teeth and snarls at her great rival-Beast Bomba-if we are no longer to call Nena, Sahib, we certainly ought no longer to call Bomba, King-the Can-ning, able, man -feeling sure that the days of his despicable dynasty are numbered, endeavours to break his fall by par- doning Porrio. Ferdinand is well aware that, who- ever may emerge crowned from the coming scrimmage, he, at all events, will topple from his throne, and, therefore, wishes to propitiate those into whose hands he will get his first tumble. The mine is charged, the train is laid, the tiniest of matches can now bring about the explosion. So much for Europe. On the other side of the Atlantic, Cuba-which the United States affirm that tiiey must seize, out of a pure desire to preserve friendly relations with its ovmer-- and those puzzling Central American States, whose politics always remind me of a chaos of writhing worms in an anglcVs bait box, seem likely to bring Brother Jonathan into collision with England, France, and Spain. The pnrt that the first of these powers will tako in tho impending struggle, of course, is what chiefly concerns an Englishman. I hope that she may not go to war with the United States ! No doubt, we could annihilate our cousin's present navy, and cripple for a time her mercantile marine. But oiibono? Misery would descend upon our manufacturing districts like blight up on a corn-field, and Despotism would exult at seeing the tyvo noblest children of Liberty engaged in internecine conflict.; After a madly prodigal expen- diture on either side, we should find-what ? That both nations were reduced to third- rate powers, and that the progress of liberal institutions had been inde- finitely postponed. Meantime, France, probably, like the fox in the fable, would have carried off the prize the naval prestige and material advantages- for which tho two-lion-hearted peoples fought. Whatever part England may take in the certain Eu- ropean war, she must not take it in co-partnership with France.The British army and navy detest the alliance. Perhaps it would be well if England could keep herself out of the contest altogether, but as this is simply impossible-whenever John Bull sees a fight, he must shove his big fist into it, either as peeler or fellow- pugilist-let her folloyv the advice an "Italian" gives her in the Times- announce herself as the champion of oppressed nationalities, the representa- tive of Liberalism-Louis Napoleon and Alexander, of course, have no intention of furthering freedom. Italians know this, and only half rely on their support -would not accept it, were it not from bitter hatred of Austria, and a hope that in the tumults of war some- thing may turn up which may checkmate the crafty designs of these precious Apostles of Progress. Were England, independently, to proclaim herself such a preacher, prepared to enforce her doctrine with shotted guns as well as leaded type, she would have three-parts of Europe at her back-despots would be knocked down like ninepins-and, after a brief and glorious war, her name would be wor- shipped on the Continent as that of the great Power which had made Europe free-not derided as at present, by both oppressors and oppres- sed, as that of one that talks uncommonly big about its sympathy with those who holds its principles, and all that, but takes uncommonly good care to let it3 sympathy evaporate in taUeing. TJie Prince of AVoles-despite the melancholy fore- I bodings of the M'Neilites-will preserve, methinks, his Protestantism, since he will hardly be able to stay out his six months at Rome ; and Parliament will have something more important than the Reform Bill to consider when it meets in February. Yesterday, it was prorogued, by commission, until the 3rd. What a farce that vocational prorogation is ! The Lord Chancellor and the Royal Commissioners, dressed as peers, but looking very much like spooneys, enter the House of Lords, preceded by the sergeant at-orms, strutting along almost as big as his mace. They take their seats before the throne ; and the Lord Chancellor commands the Usher of the Block Rod to summon her Majesty's Commons, as gravely as if he thought there were really some Commons to some, Black Rod trots off on his fool's errand, and, address- ing the empty benches in the House of Commons, orders their imaginary occupants to follow him. Then ho goes back, and, naughty story-teller that ho is, - informs the Lord Chancellor that the Commons are at the bar. The Lord Chancellor moves to the three clerks who represent their masters, the Royal Commission is read and acted on, and the solemn mummery is concluded. We English moy well boast of being_a "practical " people ! By-the-by, Mr. Gladstone, it is said, will not be in his seat next session. Ho is going to sink from an extra- into an ordinary Lord High Commis- sioner of the Ionian Isles. The "extraordinary" may be taken away from his title, but it must cer- tainly still bo applied to his conduct. To take the berth of the mon he was sent out to judge, and that man his follower and friend ; to submit to be an underling of such an official novice as Bulwer Lytton; to bury himself in a paltry post that nine people out of ten had never heard of" until the recent row about the Ionian despatches took place, when his country stands in imminent and eminent need of his elo- quence and patriotism. Verily, I had expected better things from Mr. Gladstone ! In my last I mentioned a remarkable article that had appeared in the Times upon "Our Homeless Poor." An equally striking one, from the same pen, upon " The Homes of the Poor " had since been published. Its revelations are heartrending. Beyond the mere fact of their having holes Uko rat-holes that they can call their own, a large proportion of the Lon- don Poor seem to be very little better off than the hopeless wretches who flock nightly-throngs of pole ghosts-to haunt the " Refuges." In this city, which seems bursting with plenty like a ripe gooseberry, hundreds never taste anything but bread and water in saddest sense, the bread and water of affliction ; and often, for a couple of days together, have to go without tlie bread. Meat to these, of course, is mythi- cal as ambrosia. How strange all this must sound to the Australian labourer, who flings a beefsteak to his dog, and "cheeks " his master ! No wonder London swarms with harlots. All women do not choose to starve, or rush into the "black river." Instead of elevating the whites of our eyes in pious horror at tho amount of crime in the metropolis, we ought rather to wonder that there is so little—the presiding alderman at the Guildhall, the other day, held a maiden assize, and consequently claimed the usual pair of kids. Apropos of the " great social evil," a statement made by Professor Marks, at a meeting held recently upon the subject, has created a great sensa- tion. The reverend gentleman affirmed that he had been prevented from rescuing a girl from prostitution by her brother, "a legislator of the country-" The Press very naturally cries Name," and refuses to believe the story. Many an M.P. is himself—politically—of " easy virtue ;" but that any one would suffer, or rather force, his sister to be, literally, a prostitute, is more than I can credit of the least moral member of what, with all its faults, is an assembly of English gentlemen. Ballet-girls are generally supposed—most wrongfully—to be about the loosest of characters. Many, no doubt, yield to the temptations that are ever buzzing in their ears—ex change their arduous, ill-paid toil for lazy and luxurious sin ; but the bulk of them are as virtuous a set of girls as can be found—far more virtuous than many of the fair Pharisees who curl the lip when they behold them, since their virtue has never been tried. The fate of a poor girl of this class, Jane Newell, a beautiful young creature of 17, late a danseuse at the Olympic, is now exciting a great deal of painful in- terest. With her hard earnings, whilst she could earn anything, she aided in supporting her widowed mother and two sisters-steadfastly rejecting the loathsome but luring proffers of the hoary old profli- gates who hover round such fair, fresh young creatures like so many blowflies. Being thrown out of employment by a change in the performances of the theatre at which she was engaged, she fell into a de- sponding state, and was with difficulty prevented by her mother from committing suicide. One night she left her home, and has never since been heard of. Has she plunged into the " black river," or the darker depth of vice ? A ribald rebel of the name of Nugent, the publisher of a seditious almanac in Ireland, has been bound over to keep the peace for seven years. Astrological prose and doggrel " poetry" are the means he employed to spread his treason. His book is widely circulated in the rural districts, and has been marvellously effective in fomenting disaffection—rubbish, in this case, has increased, instead of choking, a conflagration. It does not say much for the sense of the " finest pisantry in the wor-rald " that they can be influenced by such arrant nonsense. I append specimens of both tho "prose and worse." " Oh ! sacred muses of the holy shrine, Thou loved Pornases with the muses nine. Assist my theme, new energies inspire, And lend this verse thy patriotic fire. " I ask It for my bleeding country's cause Crushed down and spat upon by alian laws, That legislate, but to enslave us more. And glory in our thraldom o'er and o'er. .'The Queen, God bless-wielder of tho realm, Stands, at It were, with hand upon tho helm : The « Privy Councll' form her prayers, and then, Her Minister of State will say-Amen. " Oh I vile delusion, mockery of state Is man so stupid not to love or hate ? To love-primeval, with the ftrat began. But hate, as surely doth belong te man 1 " And are proud Eric's iona for to forget, The hell- framed laws, and theso a framing yet To leave e % as it were to grope our way, To stop the frit», that to« might nothing say. "To leave our wrongs, as In the days of jote, And hug the phantom of an Allan Mo 1 I sec, witta outspread wings, not distant far, With golden orest, and eye bright as a star, "A messenger from Yankey fasthurrjlng on, With ample things like the great St. John. And lu the grasp, so firmly clutched about, A manuscript of old I little doubt. "For ages sealed, he bring« te Erin dear To burst her bonds, to smile, and shed a tear, And to restore our rights, our laws-the whole One word contained it In the ancient aeróle. "To find this word, just see what Erin lost. The day curst Bill tho bloody Boyne had crossed, It 1« a word to Iiisbir.cn so dear. That all should know It-bleu you till next year." "On the 1st of this month Jupiter and Herschel are In the as- cendant, with Mars culminating and In quarlltc to tho rising satellites ; which foreshow that tho Dragon baa been smitten by the sufferings aud prayers of the peuple. The Apostolic Crown may now be seen pre-eminently exalted above tho hostile Dragon, as your redemption beams westward from the) Holy Shrines 1 Pray for the conversion of your enemies, as hopo Is Indleenous to the «oil of our hyperborean Isle. Buoy up your spirits. The porlod will noon arrive when tho Loid will ' straighten ' them ! I The stalworth son In tho now world will como to the aid of his persecuted race and country In tho old world, when domination and Saxonlo Infamy stand aghast, waiting to receive the retribu- tive juetico of both God and man." Such stuff would hardly make men take up arms in England ! Mr. "Wiley s poet writes far better verses than this Hibernian Tyrticus. There is, no eloubt, still much dense ignorance amongst the agricultural labourers of England (though even this is gradually dispersing, as education spreads, like fog before the sun), but our manufacturing populatio» is as " 'cute" as any set of people in the world-Yankee pedlars alone exceptcd. Saxon stolidity would keep the former class from being carried away by such appeals, whilst Saxon sense would load the latter to devote them to shaving or post-culinary purposes. _ Philosophers may affirm that there are no such en- tities as Time and Space, but, at all events, they are tolerably stringent " conditions," and warn mo now to conclude ; for the clock is going to strike three (a.m.), and I have almost finished my last sheet of paper. I will, therefore, merely add a few little items of intelli- gence likely to be interesting to colonial readers. A sort of Australian "lounge" has been opened at the Jerusalem Coffee Housee, where an " Australian Ad drcs-Book"-that is, a record of the addresses of Australians in London-is kept. Frank Fowler's Southern Lights, &c;, has been most favourably revieyved and copiously quoted, in almost all the London and leading provincial papers. Lola Montes is lecturing, and Anna Bishop is " starring " nt Manchester. The latter lady lias married the gentle- man who was her ngentwhenin Sydney, Mr. Schulze. I have just made my paper hold out. 