CHIEF EVENTS AND TOriCS OF THE .. WEEK. (from the Liverpool Mail, May 21.) "WAU facts and phases since our last week's publica- tion have, in their broad outline and main features, presented little or nothing which is remarkably excit- ing, because there is literally nothing decisive Some accounts from Paris state thnt the French have not yet got up all their artillery anti cavalry ¡ nnd yester- day's foremost leading article in the leading journal sccins to confirm the intimation that " nothing impor- tant is expoctcd beforo the end of the month, or bo ginning of June, when tho French will bo in posses- sion of nil their supplies." Other account« from Alessandria indicate earlier action, nnd mention an ominous military nnnngement which foreshadows French incorporation and absorption of the Sardinian force in a manner anything but pnlatablo to Piodmon tcsc pride, namely, that tho whole allied army is to bo divided into two corps, each of which will be commanded by a French Marshal, and each of which will consist of three French and one Sardinian division. And later accounts import that the rains and floods hnve now subsided, and that the two opposing nrmics already are almost within cannon shot of each other j so that a great battle may be going on even while we write. The war news thus increases in interest," although still barren of anv decisive action or remarkable event. In the absence oí these, increasing interest attaches to the letters of the Special Correspondent of the lending journal who accompanies the Austrian army. "With due allowance for his obvious and perhaps natural leaning to his Austrian comrades and protectors, that correspondent, as n writer of high character and koea observation, will doubtless do good service in cerrcct ing garbled and exnggetnted statements. Already he plainly infers that the bulk of the Ficdmontedc pooplo dislike the war ; that the Austrians have acted with more tact and moderation than their enemies describe; and thut the Sardinians have even carried -off women to labour at the works nt Cásale. This last will sound strange, almost incredible, to readers who may be un- aware that many of the feninle peasantry of Piedmont, like the women'of some parts of the south of Ireland, mnirtly perform the severest out-door drudgery and toil, while the men quietly stand by and give orders. At nil events, it is rc-assuring to have a faithful chronicler to photograph the campaign, true to lifo. French military annalists are generally accused of " cooking " history, of straining after dramatic effect, and of being so devoted to martial glory and sys- tematic bounce, as to bo quite "too modest for the naked truth." ,, -*J The French Loan has proved a great success. The Emperor has been offered three or four times as much money as ho wants just yet, and the Moniteur is instructed to say that " such results prove the solidity of the French financial system, and the wealth, power, and patriotism of Franco ; they nlso show the intiranto union between France and the Emperor, and the entire confidence of the nation in the strength and wisdom of the Sove- reign who presides over its destinies." No doubt a good deal of this is sheer nonsense. Tho "solidity of the French financial system "is no moro proved by | the eagerness of the people to subscribe to the loan than it would be by another railway or mining mania, or by a repetition of the South Sen Hubble. Never- theless, the manner in which the loan has boen taken up is really something significant. It shows that the war is lamentably popular with large masses of the French people, and that their faith in the Emperor's fatalism is undiminished. ' Count Buol has ceased to be the Foreign Minister of Austria, and Count Hcchherg has been named as ltis successor. Time only can determine how far this chango is a wise one. Hut it is, it all events, au indication of the Emperor's strong disinclination to listen to pacific counsels, and of his firm determination to prosecute the war with vigour. Count Buol is said to have been dismissed because ho countenanced and accepted the last offer of meditation made by the British Qovernment, nnd because he addressed to the Emperor of the French a communi- cation which was mennt as a last effort to bring about an amicable arrangement. Coimt ltechberg is under- stood to have been nominated in his stead because he is regarded in Austria as " favourable to on energetic policy," and a man of the stamp likely to bo of ser- vice in times of great danger to the State. If Francis Joseph has resolved to thrown away the scabbard, it is quite possible that an energetic and vehement minister like Count Iteclibcrg may be found to answer his purpose better than Count Buol ; but he will have to look long--we believe, will look in vain-for an abler counsellor or more faithful servant than his lato Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prussia is preparing herself for all possible eventu- alities, although both the Regent himself and tho members of the Diet hnve, for the most part, been singularly vague in their allusions to the policy which she may ultimately feel called upon to adopt. " Pruisin," says the Prince Regent, "is resolved to maintain the bases of international law and the balance of power in Europe. It Is her right and her duty to provide for the safety and the defence of the national interests of Germany. She will not relinquish her guardianship over these governments. Prussia expects that all the German Confederates wiB stand firmly by her side in the (.olution of mistakes, and will place confidence in her desire to act for the common country." If there is nothing in this to lead to the supposition that Prussia contemplates the immediate \ abandonment of her present position, " not of neutra. lity, but'rif itmied mediation," there is «ruell to justify the inaVroure that she contemplates nt least the possibility of being called upon to tnke pnit in the wm- " in the interests of international law anti of the Mirnee of power in lïiiTopc' * The minor Ger- man ipowcrs cnnlinrdly restrain .their people from hurrying south to join Austria. In the debate in the Prtmiim Chamber, M. de Vinckc, who was enthusi- astically cheered, had pronounced that Prussia ought "to arm to the teeth," as ho thought the war"iii Italy was only the first net in the drama, and that the ortlicrs will be played on the Hhine, then in England, then in llussin ; nnd that while Belgium, Hollind, and Switzerland would sfctnd by Pnissia, if England, Prussia's ally in tl»c seven years' war, hesitated to do so ngnin, the ghost ofi Chatham would rise to warn her. It is1 understood, however, that an English note to the Confederation nt Frankfort intimates that, if the Gorman .powers interfere with tho war in Itily, the .ports of Germany, if subjected to a 'Fieñch blockade, ennnot be assisted by England. [There can indeed bo no doubt that, if the Emperor of the French should venture in tins desperate game beyond a certain point, lie will And the whole of Germany confederated and arraved against him ; whe- ther the certainty of this will in any manner restrain him it is not very easy to foretell. Hussin is reported to bo making certain military ,movements which, to say the least of them, look omi- nous, ïho -împeror, it is said, has already given orders that five corfu tVarmce ahull bo placed immedi- ately upon a war footing, with the whole of the artil- lery and cnvnlry belonging to each, nnd'in addition to this wo nie informed that "the reserves nro to he called in, anti-all soldiers on furlough, to rejoin their colours, to bo ready to march within three months." This may mean little, or it may mean much. It may mean " preparation, or it may mean simple " pre- caution ; " out wo confess wo do not like the look of it." ltussia might very easily have carried out her engagement with France, to place an armv of observation on her German frontier, vritnout calling in her reserves or placing so large a body of troops upon a war footing ; and, in Bpito of diplomatic assurances, we can scarcely divest ourselves of the iden that there is still some tiling m tho background some ulterior object, if not some covert understand- ing-wliich it dora not suit her present purpose to disclose. At all events it will bo quito as well to koop n sharp look-out, for wo know from experience that both Russia and France are only too apt to say one thing when they mean another. Mexico is still in a miserable state of anarchy, and the atrocities perpetrated by the chiefs of ' tho con- tending factions are of the most revolting and heart- rending description. Murders are perpetrated in cold blood—the most diabolical tortures are systematically and remorselessly inflicted-and neither age nor sex is spared. The priest party have shown themselves inhuman monsters. At present they and the Reac- tionists are in the ascendant, and their leaders are tho most conspicuous in the preparation of these barbari- ties, but the Constitutional chiefs are not one whit better than their opponents, when they happen to have tho upper hand: We observe with satisfaction that Mr. Otway, tho British Minister, has issued an official circular) in which he states that " it is the in- tention of her Majesty's Government to tike advan- tage of her flcot in tho Gulf, and to hold Vera Cruz, bv whatever party it is occupied, to be the Treasury of Mexico, and to' enforco there, us far as possible, the payment of all outstanding claims of British subjects." These claims are of enormous amount, and have re- mained for far too long a period unrecognised and un- settled. We rejoice to see that Lord Malmesbury's energy and determination have induced him to take the only step by wliich a settlement is likely to bo secured", namely, holding Vera Cruz as " a material guarantee." The Radical and Palmcrstonian prints have been, respectively, asserting and denying certain " over- tures " for"Lord ralmerston's accession to the Derby Administration. Seven years ago, such an overturo was made ¡ and Hansard intimates that Lord Fnlmor ston's then objection was ho could not re-join the Tory or Conservative party without ono or two other friends who aforetimo acted with that great party. Four years ago, and for n projected Tory Ministry, the offer wos renewed by Lord Derby, with tlio further option of two seats, ono for Mr. Gladstone, and the second for Mr. Sidney Herbert. " Pam " nt first " nibbled," and promised fair, but instantly went in for the Premiership for himself. He regu- larly sold Lord Derby and Mr. Gladstone and Air. Sidney Herbert, The full history (according to the latter) remains to bo " writ." We hardly think Palmerstonian insincerity and duplicity wilThnve a third "ofTer." The Peace Society held its annual meeting on Tues- day, and, as usual, a good deal of nonsense was talked on the occasion. Ono speaker sneered at the Poet Laureate as " a gentleman with an unknown name," and another declared that "rifle clubs were an ab- surdity, which would nevertheless be exceedingly popular," and that "moral force had never been properly tried." They say that large armaments are provocative of war, and they exhort the Government, if they wish to avoid war, " to abstain from such menacing demonstrations of force as must tend, by stimulating warlike passions at home, and exciting suspicion and animosity abroad, to bring about the very evil which the nation so earnestly and unani mously deprecates." What they mean, we suppose, is, that we should fit out no channel fleet—send no additional ships to tho Mediterranean—make no at- tempt to obtain either soldiers or sailors—but just rest quietly upon our oars, and take our chance. They might just as well go one step further, and propose to us to disband our army, dismantle our fleet, and destroy our defences altogether. There are surely not ten men out of Bedlam with whom these Peace Society theories would find favour. 