A GENUINE GHOST STORY. WELL, said uncle Thomas, as the boys im portuned him to tell one of his pleasant yarns, you shall have a ghost story; and, what is most worthy of remark, it is as true as the Sgospel, every word of it, for I was present myself at the occurrence, and saw the ghost with my own eyes, and heard it speak with my own ears, and never, during my lifetime, will tile recollection of that feiarful night pass firom my memory. You must know, then, that when I was in England, many years ago, I was employed as travelling agent in the thread and bobibin line for the house of Hlurry, Scurry, and Co.; and it so happenied that I stopped on one occasion for a night's lodging at the pleasant and secluded little village of Stony Stratford, in Yorkshire. There was one thing peculiar to this village, which I have not remarked else where, although well worthy of imitation namely, it supported two bakers and but one publicean. Well, the one puiblic-house in the village was known by the sign of the "Three Dohkeys," and at this place I ordeled a supper . and bed. The landlord was an obliging civil man, well up to his business; he usually occupied a chair in the parlour with his more respectable guests, entertaining them wiith the gossip, of the locality, or afbfording any information required, annd always exhli biting the good sense and discretion of being silent whilst his customers were speaking-in-m filct, his study seemed to be to fill up any blanks that might occur during the evening's conversation, and to start new topics for dis oession, and by many a jocose wile to pro long his-guests' absence from bed; and when any gentleman wished foir liore drink, should thie wviter happen to. be slow in anslwering, the landlolrd, displn:ed wonderiful briskness: and a'lacriy in supplying the want: Although it was tlhis uans. intere t to appear gay and cheerfel,. yet at tiaieshie could not conceal a melancholy and subdued looki, whlich the blachelor wangs of ithe village attributed. to the fact of his being; married; but this idea was scouted by tlhe females, who regarded it as only. an envious insinuation, quite unworthy of credence. Thifi grief, however, lay in the fact that his, house was hauinted by a ghost, and that not only on that account was it avoided by.all lodgers, except strangers, but even his neighbours were shy in stopping about the, place after daylight, so that hiB profits as a publican were considerably cur tailed in consequence. The cause of this stpernatural visitation may be briefly told as follows: About twelve months before the time I spelk. of, a traveller arrived at the Three Don keys late one evening, and required a night's lodging: hlie was a tall, thin man, with amost cadaverous and solemn countenance, and as he sat close by tlhe parlour fire, eating his sulipper in silence, an alspect of extraordinary severity, or it might be of pain, was visible; and what added to thle peculiarity of his ap pearance wasthe fhet of his wrearing a beard which was both long and bushy, andi which concealed thelower part of his face completely. On his retiring to bed it was remarked that his garments appeared to bie made of cobwebs, that his footfall wns without noise, andt that lie had but one hand, and no shadow. That night the Three Donikeys came to trouble, for great was the consternation when it was dis covered in thie morning that thie unknown traveller had cut his throat. A coroner's inquest was held as a matter of course, and a verdict of self-murder returned; the sui cidewas buried as lie died, beard and all, at the nearest cross-roads, face douwnwards, and a stakep.riven through his body. Time passed on, and another traveller occupied the fatal room; but in the dead of the night ihe rushed from the house in his shirt, and alarmed the neighbourhood. 1ui stated that hlie was awoke firom his sleep by a violent upheave of the bed, antil tumblehd on thie tloor, when lihe beheld what appesred to be thie figure of a tall, thin man, with a large besrd, who stood over him, with a napkin iunder his chin and a razor in his handl; that lie questioned the ap parition, in the most solemn manner', as to the cause of his trouble, and distinctly heard the ekpression, "I want to be shaved," slowly and supernaturally pronounced; hlie could recollect nothing else, till hlie found himself etanding on thie road in his shirt, surrounded by a crowd. This transaction was too public not to be known, and too true not to be be lieved, and the consequence was that the haunted room was closed up and used no longer for any Iprpose. Although it was be yond all doubt that a ghostly tenant occupied an apartment at tile Three Donkeys, yet there were not wanting in Stony Stratford courageous young men who wagered to listen, a dozen at a time, with lighted candles, on the landing outside the room, in order to have the satisfhection of hearing for themselves; and even the landlord fearlessly joined ons batch; but, alas! he only aided in carrying. on the prosecution against himself, for the words, " I want to bhe shaved," were dlistinctly heard by all, and caused them to hu?;y doin stairs; and so awful was the impression of thie solemn announcement, that the companiy'at large agreed to see each otlier home in a body to guard against the effects of' feodi: Sich were the prospects of the Thieo Don: keys, with the addition, that every niglit cit1 the proper hour, the doleful want contimijed: to be repeated. At the time that I am about to allude to, tie peacefill and secluded village was takci'l by storm by a host of navvies, and 6thberrail way people, who were intent in maliing a branch line fisom tles Great Northern Trunkle, to the Southl-Western Junction. This railwayr invasion proved a good thing for Stocny Stratford whilst it lasted, for every hole andi corner was made available for ldgings, and of course' the Three Donkeys were ini 'liigi fettle. The story about' the ghost wes'wdll known amongst those new-comers, who elept at the Donkleys, but they were daredevil fel lows, whom nothing could fiigihten iii fihi? they did not deny it; and acs several of theni occupied eicli sleePieig aelirtment, they .felt no qahiuse: s tow?ho 'anted thie bhrber, or who did not. Pieviocns'tob'my' rmivil, oie'of the sirveybors, of.thIe. lii'ojectcd riliway, lied engaged c, e' ed-clianeibor' for' ie' nioxith;, but beiag suddelily cidll?d'ai:few tiiiles avay for a day or two, his 'be'diWas'vti'carit, bhiti?'evei'rthle less waseto he riserved: to' himii till. his return; this bed, the only iuriociihlddolbie'in'theohoase, except the haunted'due;:'teas 'soblidliky 'us to secure. Now, as it waxed latethiatt night, another traveller sought shelter in the iin. Hie ar rived on horseback, and had the appearance of a gentleman, and like the suicide, wore a beard. In vain the landlord protested that his house was quite full, and that it could hold no more; that every bed was engaged, and that, although hle was sorry for it, he could not accommodate the gentleman. Still this last traveller persisted ; anything would do for hiin, anywhere; it was too late to pro ceed farther that night, and, besides which, his horse was completely done up; in fact, if lie could fare no better lse would becontented to sit by the kitchen' fire all night. 'Tlhis settled thie pIoint as to his reoamiinig in the house, and the landlord went about to make tile best arrangement he could. Whilst so engaged, his wife suggested that as the gen tleman was a stranger, and ktnew nothing, he should occupy the hlauntced room. The land loed started lgghnst at the proposition; but it was still curged, till at last, for peace sake, lihe agreed to a compromnise-namely, that' the stranger should be made acquainted with the facts, and decide f'or himself. Accordingly hie was beckoned into a corner, and with a deal of circumlocution, and sunldry nervous twitches on tihe part of the landlord, inter rupted by mitigatory observations from the landlady, the traveller was enlightened asto his proposed sleeping apartmcnt. At first he listened with an air of interest, but as the ghostly story progressed hie more than once passed his hand over his face to conceal a smile. He declhced that he had no fear of ghosts, that lie was a practical man of the world and hated humbug, and that, as a Scotchman, lhe could not believe anythipg he: heardi and only half cilhat he sa:w, and ticat, in tlhict, he hiad:made cup his mind to sleep in the huanted' chairiber, nud'i no othlemr. According?,v, taking a light, hle led:the wny up-stairs, timidlly followed by the laudlord with a bundle offaggots under his arm, to make a fire?. Wlhentlis en'terid thee cip? tilct it liced a imusty simell, ;bit' what ivith the~ci ing open t thicsisdoiv, thie blazing faggots,';'nd the gen tleman's cigar thts soon became imperceptible. The arrangements were soon made, for the fiuriture of the room had not been distrubed, the landlord retired, and the traveller bolted the door inside. Then he examined the room minutely to be prepared for tricks, and approaching the open window, looked out. The wall was rounh-dashed, and an old poplar tree grew quite close to it. Closing the win dow and making all snug, he turned in, but although he might rest his weary limbs, sleep was not to be immediately expected, as a com pany ofnoisy navvies occupied the adjoining robm, drinking and gambling, for they had been paid a month's wages that day. As he iay awake, listening to frightfhil blasphemies and fearlful imprecations, the wind arose out side, and blew in fitful gusts; the traveller's riind was full of the ghost story, when, oh, hiir ior, be distinctly hoard the awful announce urit-n " I want to be shaved"--spoklen quite close to hisi bed-room window from the out side He io.se, and approached stealthily in the' d'hrk; agnin the same disihal tale froze ;his blooid; an'd as he crouched down on the fldore foi the purpo6e of making himself as siaill as possible, andd looked with staring eyes towards the window, amomentary moon beaim recealed the poplar tree, which, growing close to the lihose, when the wind blew from a 'certafin poirit, iscraped against the rough will, inade that noise which heated snddprediisposedt imaiagh atisils interpreted as a dleadi man's tisi. " On mainiig this 'discover3, the travellor at onbce matned :b a pla to iid himself, of his Snisy "nei"hboiiurs?. HeI' qiietly3 n'ndid the portsninteiane took out a driessing-casc, smeared his face with so-ai stsds, tiicked a napkini utider his chin, and witi an oipen irazor in one liniiotl appeoiedi on ttip-toe amongst the bias plimsisi TIAhey' were'so intent on their game thit he.whs' Itirly in the mindstofthlem beforeI hb6 vasm niticed: To describe the utter con isternation of the daredevils is impossible. Each tne, in his pecilinr' position, remained as.m otionles as a stone, with mouthl open, eyes starting friom their sockets, hair on end, antd countoenance ot deadly pallor; but when, amid thils perfection of horror,; a sepulclhral voice expr-ssed a wish to he shaved, at thle same time mnaling a motion with the open razor to the crowd, the energy of desperation seized on each. Then it was that the door was rushed, ribs stove in, and agony mani fested by shrieks; some precipitated them selves through tile window, fbrming an im promptu pyramid beneath; the village tailor actually evaporated up the chimney, and ven turing on a drop from the coping-stone broke his leg by the fill. The traveller swept the abandonedl stakes from the table to his pocket, returned to bed, andt slept tlhe sleep of peace. On descending to the bar in the morning, great was the disorder apparent. The lund lored, who expected to be tried tfbr murder for putting a lodger into a hauntedl room, could not hilieve hiis eyes on thle assurance of the gentleman that he was all right, and that he never had a more comfortable night's rest, that hlie heard no noise, and that they must all be demented. But, alas! the array of bandaged heads and crippled gaits told lint too plainly the occurrence of some reality. However, as it was no part of the traveller's hin to prolong an argument, hlie ordered his Iorse, paid for his accommodation, andti de parted. And now, boys, said uncle Thomas, this story is not without its moral. Ignorance or mental indolence is likely at all times to lead to mistakles, and that which to mankind may appear supernatural or incomprehensible, is rendered plain and reasonable by a close ob servation and study of the laws of nature. Goulburn, March 2, 18590. 