FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION. [From the Times, November li.] The ghost of old Protection, exercised once more from the realms of Chaos and old Night, to which, with other lumber, we had hoped it was finally consigned about six years ago, has been walking the earth during the last few weeks with such effect on the minds of those who have encountered it as such apparitions are ordinarily said to produce. It has frightened a Minister of State back to Protection, and a member of Parliament almost out of Free Trade. Proud must the great magician who evoked it from its resting-place be to see the effect he has produced on the convictions of one man and the nervous sensibilities of another. We have all read of the lady who was an unexceptionable matron in all i other respects, but whom the presence of a mouse had the power instantaneously to convert into the cat out of which she was made. Such, we fear, is Lord Malmesbury when brought into contact with the question of Free Trade. He enacts, not without success, the part of a liberal Minister on all other topics. He boggles neither at properly qualification, Jewish emancipation, nor Neapolitan coercion in fact, acts the part so well, that one is on the point of forgetting that he was not brought up to it; when suddenly an evil chance things in his way the plaintive wailings of the British shipowner, and lo ! the metamorphosis is complete and in- stantaneous, and our Foreign Secretary, such as I he was in his days of nature, stands revealed before us. We had thought, at any rate, Lord Malmesbury and his colleagues had made a I decisive and final election ; but it would now | seem as if they were not indisposed to take what? credit, maybe had for being Free-traders against their will, and by mingling their tears with those who mourn for the fine old English Navigation Laws, to attract to themselves whatever unappropriated sympathy the last of the Protectionists may have to spare. The Greenock Chamber of Commerce had memorialised the Foreign Office on the subject of the unwillingness shown by foreign nations to return in kind the liberal policy of Great Britain, urging, no doubt, that as they were foolish enough to tax their general industry for the purpose of encouraging their shipping interest, it was highly unpatriotic in us to pretend to be wiser than our neighbors, and that we ought to lose no time in following their example. It was not a had opportunity for Lord Malmesbury to air his new principles, only he availed himself of it to ventilate his old ones. He directs Mr. Hammond " to state to the men of Greenock that he regrets to say that the apprehensions that were entertained by many persons of the probable effect of the abolition of the Navigation Laws have been realised, and that the efforts of Her Majesty's Government have hitherto proved unavailing to obtain for the shipping of England that reciprocity of the liberal measures she has granted to other nations which she was entitled to expect." We must be permitted to say that this official statement contains a complete misrepresentation of the real nature of the controversy with regard to the repeal of the Navigation Laws. Any one would suppose, from Lord Malmesbury's triumphant regrets at the too speedy and painful realisation of all which that prophetic sagacity for which he is so justly celebrated foretold, that the real issue on which the repeal of the Navigation Laws was decided was whether or no foreign countries would follow us in the example of liberality we set them, the Freetraders urging that they would be sure to do so, and the Protectionists that they would certainly not. The real controversy was whether, even supposing that foreign countries were not enlightened enough to follow our example, as was only too likely to be the case, we did not gain as a nation by then.' competition and the consequent lowering of freights, [ even though they might not be wise enough to | secure a similar advantage for themselves. The question of reciprocity or no reciprocity was of the highest importance from the Protectionist view, and quite immaterial to the Free Trade argument. Our Protectionists turn Freetraders, and then reproach us with a collateral result of the new policy which could only be important when viewed from the Protectionist point of view, which they profess to discard. The mouse has come, and the matron is a cat again. Nor is the revival of tips unpalatable topic without a certain amount of tribulation even to [staunch Freetraders. Protection being no | longer a party cry, having, in fact, vanished from the region of politics, can now be introduced without difficulty by constituencies to the attention of their members. It has sunk from being a great public question to the more diminutive dimensions of a private job ; Stir a ^ w "Parents supporters may ask, and perhaps complainant members concede. It fell to the lot of Mr. Ingham, the liberal and conciliatory member for South Shields, to attend a meeting of his shipowning constituents, at which the reciprocity grievance seems to shown May ventilated, and then the opinion of the mirror distinctly asked. It is to Mr. Ingram's credit that, those gevely pressed and dreadfully anxious to conciliate, though with some apologies and apparently not with few misgivings, he did contrive to maintain his principles, and to refuse any promise, expressed or implied, that he would attempt to reverse the policy of free trade. He was san guide as to the future and complimentary as to the past ; he deeply respected one gentleman's knowledge and another gentleman's talents ; all that man could do he would do to put in motion whatever machinery there might be which could induce foreign Governments to enter into the flowery paths of reciprocity ; but his allegiance to free trade he altogether reserved, and could not by any means be brought, whatever pressure was applied, to give any hope of surrender on this point. Mr. Greenhow was complimented for his excellent pamphlet, and the ship- owners were condoled with for their depressed condition, but Mr. Ingham showed even from that excellent pamphlet itself that from 1846 to 1857 British tonnage had increased 57 per cent. ; entrances and clearances 86 per cent. in fact, from 12,500,000 tons to 23,500,000. ยก What was asserted in the navigation law controversy was, not that foreign tonnage would not increase, for it was the very object of the measure that it should do so, but that while foreign tonnage increased, British tonnage would increase also and we regret to say, as Lord Malmesbury has it, that the apprehensions of those who feared an opposite result have been signally falsified. In this matter we must say the Commoner seems to come better out of it than the Peer. Lord Malmesbury, while deriv- ing every advantage which is to be got from the adoption of Free Trade, relapses on the very first temptation into protection, while Mr. Ingham, though sorely pressed, cannot be induced to compromise his allegiance to free trade After all, there is some difference between veneering and solid wed, between deep-seated conviction and enforced conversion, between a policy which is the result of opinion and an opinion which is the result of policy. 