TO BBTJTU3. Ptrfavur of th» Empln. I am mo eretor a« Brains la ; Bat asyon love ma all,aplato Want maa That lota my Manda, and that th ay know fall wall That (ava ma publia loare to speak of then. -J«t,t«e Casia. , Mi " resignation was as unimportant as it was ines-, podlent .and ünneóessa'y," yat you devote a prenions paga to my exposute and humiliation. I issue a brief ?address to the eleotors of a'distant constituency, for the privilege af wbioh I pay the sum af 13t. 01 ' Itt« pro. bably a somewhat ''inflated" production,-aa many addresses are,-as yours I sm sure will be when, to your otiginal rote of conspirator and ospassin, you add that of a political adventurer of the 10th century. A. little inflated-T admit, Brutus!-you know whan we do tragedy we must be tragically appointed. In that colloquy with I'ossar'a ghost at Philippi, you are grand and gloomy. There are many little boys in tb« pit who are, doubtless, deeply penetrated with the mysterious effluence > f that midnight conference. Let me afterwards conduot those young gentlemen into the penetralia while you ara getting yourself up for the after, piece. How frightful, Biutus, is tbs runo; Un upon their unenlightened intelleolB I How melancholy the disillusionment to whicb they are sadly subjected I. The Brutus of tragedy is passing before their very eyes into tba spangled hatlequin of a Obrlstmas spectacle. 1 My young friends despise your oamelion oharaoter istio'. They do not recognise tho maa benoa-h your assumptions. - I do Brutus, I respect you even as a tragedian-you do the heavy pattiot with effect-you stab Cnmr with " resentment," thougb with " regret." I will not say (because you sra "young" in your art) that your action is feverish, and your articulation flippant, I will ssy perhaps, that you overdo your part a little-" rather inflated," that you have not yet " aoquired and begat tbat oertain temperance " of wliioh so rosny young aotora (in and out of New South Wales) ara forgetful, but that despite these disadvantages you aro a hopeful youth, and may succeed if you porsevare. And again, " well belovod Brutus," wben your toga and your pi!um have been laid atide, and wheo (to the soandal of ¿be juveniles) you have passed into the gaudy panoply of the hero of the pantomime, and when tho thunders of the theatre greet you with applause as you liberate the spotless maiden of the emerald isle from the dungeon deptha of the great enchanter; and when Colombino rewards your endeavours with soul sub- duing smiles and bewitol.ing pirouettes-then, too, bright Harlequin, I would not tarnish yonr tinsel, or tall you tbat you leaped too high or loo low, that your wand and its woodara wera but. the craft of tha stage mechanician, and . that the oyster and porter, wbiëlt"-^wilL__be jour earthly pabulum ofter the shifting saena bas passed, ara but poor pro vision when compared with the ambrosial ? mixtures which animated you with lightness, when you performed lhat astounding foot of jumping through a ntnga shop window. 11 There is ena glory of Tragedy, and another glory of Comedy." My anonymous friend of the Empirs, yon have mnou to learn both af tragedy and comedy. You oatt learn. Brutus, wby so oritioal r , It may be tbat I can play Cassius-ono of those " stark, bare, hungry men from the north" which the Htrald speaks of this morning. Have you not love enough to bear with rae When that rash humour, whioh my mothar gave me, Makea me forgetful? Harlequin, the whilom Brutus, be generous I The " hungry Cassias," ia bis afterpart aa "poor pantaloon," may meet you in tho pantomine. ? Wo ahull sm'te tben Harlequin. No " reminiscences," then, of tragedy when we are playing oomody ; and Brutus, of yesterday, will not frown, to.dov. upou the ' DEAR DEPARTED DOUGLAS. Sydney, 33nd November,,1809. 