GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. ACCIDENT TO Mn. BEBMSFOBD.-In re- ference to a paragraph in our morning contemporary relative to au accident which occurred to D. C. Borrisford.on the 28th instant, wo have been requested to state that he was not returning from tho Oatlands Races, but from tho Oatlatnls Supremo Court ; that only one jaw bono was broken and not both ; that ho was not taken homo after tho accident, but rodo on his own horse ; that Dr. Old nicadow was in Mr. Berrisford's Company tit tho time of tho accident, also roturning from the Oatlands Supreme Court. Tho horso shied and threw Mr. Borrisford. ANTIDOTE TO SNAKE-BITES.-According lo the Cornwall Chronicle " tho scerot so long confided to tho heart of Underwood" in référence to his antidote to tho bite of siutkes has, at length, boon discovered, and the common malo fern.-polypodiumfilex mas-is stated to furnish the remedy. This very common plant has been long known as a specific in tho cure of worms, especially tho tape worm.tho powderedroot being generally used for this purpose, but from circumstances which havo transpired it would appear that Underwood uses a decoction (or broth) of tho leaves near tho root ns being stronger, perhaps, than those near the apex of tho plant. Wo believe in tho efficacy of this remedy which may be easily tested by experiments on ani- mals, and its power might perhaps bo augmented if used in ¿ho form of a tincture, that is, with an ounco of tho leaves steeped for a fortnight in a pint of rum or brandy in which slato it could be kept for any length of timo, if well corked, without deterioration by fermentation or otherwise. The fern is common in all parts of the island, and may be gathered at any timo, so that an antidoto so service- able may be in the hands of everyone. COLOURED STUDENTS.-Faubert, a/ young man of colour from Hayti, obtained the highost ¡prize-the prize of honour at, the concourse of all the colleges in France, held at Paris. Qn tho reception of this nowa tho Emperor immediately sent him one hundred and fifty hand- somely bound volumes. A company of National Guards wero despatched to wait upon him with a a band or music, and ho was invited to dine, and did dine, with the Minister of Public Instruction, occupying a placo between his lady aud Prince Napoleon. Besides this young man two other young Huytians also took prizes. lu a country like Franco of tho «¡ghost culture, whore the course of study is severe, and whero honour is everything, and. tho contest for it very great, this achievement does credit to the Haytians. New York Observer. SWEEP YOUII CHIHNIES.-On Wednes- day tho neighbourhood of Elixabeth stroet near Morrison-street was the seeno of considerable ovciloment, occasioned by tho rising of largo volumes of smoke, from tho chimney of a wooden tenement, at tho' roar of Uto stores occupied by Messrs Fisher and Hebblowhite. Upon ascer- taining that the chimney was on fire somo youths got upon the roof nnd siicccedod in extinguishing tho Aro by pouring buckets of water down. Had tho flames reached tho shingles, they would in nil probability have ignited tho block of wooden buildings facing the Constitution Dock, in which coso the damage would havo been considerable. Wo noticed a Constable upon the spot and havo little doubt but that tho occurrence will bo mndo tho subjoct of an information to bo heard beforo tho Worshipful the Mayor, at his court on Thursday, FISH on I-At King¿3 in Collins-stroet, yostorday, thero was an extraordinarily large Rhow of fish, aud of Kin;/ fish tho Îtwntity on stile was very considerable, 'hore was also a numbor of other descrip- tions on view, from which wo judgo that the " toko", during tho late unsettled and southerly weather has been largo TUE HAMPTON CASE.-"Wo understand on undoubted authority that the demurrer in this case has been allowed by the Privy Council.and that tho cause will be set down for trial at tho sittings after the present term the case tobo tried on thegoncriil issue only. The plaintiff, wo leam, offered to take nominnl damages to insure the costs ordered to be paid by the Privy Council, but to this the defendants havo refused their assent. | EASY ESCAPE OF MURDERERS FROM JUSTICE In all countries and colonies except Tasmania, and we make that ex- ception with great unwillingness and deep regret, there is a popular belief that in every instance" Murder will out," -that an all-wise Providence will not permit the perpetrator of so foul a crime to remain concealed from the knowledge of his fellow men ; rather than that, the murderer himself has by that mighty power been compelled, either directly or indirectly, to reveal his own iniquity, and bring the dark deed, however secretly it may have been perpetrated, into the light of day, for the world to shudder at, but that justice and the law might be vindicated. Here, however, and we admit it with feelings of deep shame ; here, alone, on the wide earth, the murderer seems to escape with ease, with impunity, and with the utmost facility. The official Gazette is disfigured with notices of rewards for the conviction of undetected perpetrators of the most horrible atrocities, yet but rarely are these rewards claimed, or in other words, few are the instances where murderers are detected unless caught in the very act. Who can feel safe in his bed, when he re- flects that the skull of Phillip Phillips, an old harmless man, was split open with the repeated blows of an axe or tomahawk, by some daring fiend, who showered down the blows upon his victim in a weather boarded hut, situated within but a few feet of tho bedrooms of three families, and that that fiend may, for aught we know to the contrary, be daily met in our streets. Yet, this was but a midnight murder, the orthodox hour for such deeds, time out of mind, and not to bo compared in fiendish ness with that still more atrocious murder of the innocent child, Alice Hughes, whose throat was cut in the open day, within 150 yards of her home where her mother stood and where she herself was but a few minutes before, when the murderer called to make enquiries about purchasing a gun. Horrible as such deeds as these are, the fact that the perpetrators may be still amongst the community, perhaps meditating upon the commission of fresh atrocities, makes the matter worse, and the feeling of insecurity greater. The latest attempt at murder has been that of shooting at and wounding the Rev. Mr. Taggart, and robbing him of his horse, near Logan Falls, on the 18th ultimo. This was another outrage in the open day, and yet tho perpetrator has escaped to such a distance from tho scene of his depredations, that his detection is now almost hopeless. We know this, from the fact, that the Rev. Mr. Taggarts horse having been found trespassing somewhere near Bridgewater, was impounded, and information of that having reached Con- stable Perkins, he took the proper means for having the horse identified, and he has been returned to his owner- but of the cowardly villain, who deliberately shot that gentleman down not a single trace is known. For the credit of Tasmania, we trust that some better mode of tracing criminals than that at present in use may be devised, for it appears that no de- pendence whatever can be placed in it. Cornwall Chronicle. OrrioiAL INJUSTICE.-A gentleman, who had _ boen very many years in the civil service, from infirmity wished lo retire. Ho applied to tho Treasury for superannuation,which was granted him.bul on a very diminished scale. Tho Lords of tho Treasury, or rather tho assistant secretary, without any ju3t reason, out down his pension. The gentleman ap pea'od to Mr. Disraeli, then Chancellor of the Exchequer,who at once investigated the case,and asked under what act of Par- liament the Treasury had acted. Thcro was no answer, because "my lords" hall acted perfectly independent of any act of Parliament whatever. Mr. Disraeli at once ordered that tho appellant should be piid to thoutmost farthing that lo which lio was ontitled.-Observer. TWENTY-EIGHT MEN STAItVED' TO DEATH.-The immediato destruction of life and property was not tho only result of the fearful explosion of tho magazine at Havana, on the 29th of Septomber. On the 23rd ult., the bodios of 23 mon wore dug from under tho ruins, who had pro- bably died from starvation, although there wore soldiers enough in and around the city to havo turnod over every stone within a day after tho occurrence of the accident.-Louisville Weekly Journal. FANNY KEMHIIE.-Tho Now York cor- respondons of tho Bnffltlo Adoerliser gives tho follow ing gossip, under date of January 7 :-A committee of ladies from tho Mount Vornon Association waited upon tho lady at her apartments at the St Denis Hotel, one morning of this weale, to solicit tho procoods of ono of her Shalcsperian readings in aid of tho Monument Fund. The case was very olaboratcly stated by the chairman of tho committee^ and tho "last of the Kombles" after hearing all that was to be heard, drew horself up to tho entire longitude of her magnificent proportions, and said.with a frown:-"Ladies,! respect your motives, but havo no toleration for tho means you aro resorting to to perpetuate tho memory of George Washington. If your country is too poor.too meau.or too ungrateful lo take upon itself, through the national Lagislatnro.so obvious a duty, better that Mount Vornon be sold for a cnttlomaiket than that it should be purchasad by tho proceeds of charity balls, flash new spapers, and quack doctors. My humble abilities are at your sorvico, but with the proviso that, whatever amount of money they may yicld.it shall bo presontcd to Congress as the first donation,to enable thom to dis- charge a duty which oughttobe discharged by lhcm,or not at all." GEXUIN'E V. ACCOMMODATION BILLS. On Monday last tho Scottish Trade Pro- tection Society had an interview with the Lord Advocate at Edinburgh for the purpose of calling his Lordship's attention to various subjects affecting mercantile interests and among others n proposed Legislative measure for the purpose of distinguishing genuine business bills, representing value rccevied,froin accommo- dation bills, drawn for the solo purpose of raising money. In roply to tho depu- tation, his Lordship said that at one period the Scotch Courts doubted the legality of accommodation bills altogether ; but that question had long been settled ; and so numerous and extensive were the transactions carried on in this country by means of these bills in whole or in part, that he could scnicely say, loqking for- ward .without experionco, what effect' the alterations proposed would have on the general trade of the country. IJo would, however, give the su.hjo.ct his host con- sideration, ami ho had no hesitation in saying that the recent commercial disasters must call the attention of the Government and of tho country to the subject, and lead them to inquiro whothor any legislative moasuro could bo got which would have tho ofl'ect of placing the commerce of tho country on a safer and moio satisfactory footing.-Times. 1)3?- Ilousi.iiot.ii I iminunr, IIo3i«oni) PIANO, ,tc. -Wa lune to direct tlio attention of hitondlnti liiiul narr» to tlio sill« of household fiunittilo and elk,ti. ti i i ni pitty of Mi. W.O. r o^iju-1 -io, t\l|loh ' »1.11 hu «old by (ludion bv Mcsai-" niuittmil Westbrook on tlio premises in Diuej »tioot, at 11 o dock this di». litl'uimM Pun oi' ll(ii.5ii \\-.n T.v\n Al ItioiiMOin.-Wiulei instiuctloiia from tho As-lnucoof tho IivioKent i.statool Mr. i hollins H lizean, Mnirn. Ihent.t, Westbrook will IIHH di> inbnut io pub',c com- petition n Milnnble Hock ofjiropuU nt ïiicliluon I, as iilaJ o. ([iMtitiU ol hn> «nt ut lUuUuiul linnluueuU, ile Tilno of Milo, li nil li oilock nrovltelt. Kir-Willi» o bol n rtqiiostul bj W. A. Gi.es Ion ami Co. to direct attention to theil gonciul lliililjanilleuïnlû, at tho Matt, Collina street, this rta), at li o-cloc\, con sisting- of inhcollaucona îïieiouiiuliHa, i articulara of which win lo found iii, our nd>(i|l>,l|l<{ column«. 