CURRENT TOPICS. The first of the Mechanics' Institute course of lectures for this season was delivered List evening by the Very ltev Dean Hayes. Sub ject-Self Education. The attcndancc was almost a5 good as the damp evening and the ball going on in iinotlier place could be ex pected to permit; but the nature of the lee- i ture was deserving of a uracil more nume rous auditory. At its conclusion the applause of the meeting was universal. A vote of thanks -was moved in a very cordial speech by Dr Kilgour, the Chairman, and was carried by acclamation. Dean Hayes, in acknow ledging the vote, expressed the gratification he experienced in being of any service in helping on the cause of general education, especially in connection with sucli an insti tution as that in whose hall they-were then met The Dean sat down amidst renewed applause. It was notified at the conclusion of the Jccture last evening that the committee of the ileclianics' Institute have made arrange ments for a series of classical readings to al ternate with the delivery and diversify _ the character of the course of lectures to be given at the Institute this spring, ? The Bachelors' Ball at Mack's last night was. a success. Stoneham's baud discoursed its stirring strains to a " crowd of Terpsicho rean votaries till nearly the early dawn. The supper nas one of the most complete things of the kind possible, and Mr Trear's general arrangements for the comfort of the com pany were excellent The guests were almost too numerous for the size of the hall, spacious though it be, bnt with people bent on en joying themselves, when did a slight crush ing ever evoke anything but a tittle extra good humor? About half-past 11 o'clock last nig'ut the fire bell rang oat its peal, and . speedily, col lected the Brigade; There was no occision for their services however, but whether it was a pure hoax or not we could not exactly learn. It seems that a man, who is known, ran up to the station-keeper and told him there was a fire on Ncwtoiva-hill, near Mr Ib botson's. The matter will, no doubt, be in quired into, and if it turns out to be a wilful hoax the scoundrel should be pumped upon for :ui hour with the most powerful engine the Brigade has. The Geelong Equitable Land and Building Society held its monthly meeting last .evening, in the Class-room of the Mechanics' Institute. The attendance of members was very hrge. The business transacted was of the usual .character. At the vsisal weekly meeting of the Citizens' liar Committee held yesterday afternoon, it was announced that 110 reply Lad been received to the last communication tu the Government, on tut subject uf the delay which had taken place with reference to the brhchig down uf the steam dredge. C'aptiiiu Smith stated that notliing further was known than that the Government ];:ul Knt to Sydney for casings to supply certain Lreafca-'es in 'the machine:',-. A statement ..f tinanmi accounts was submitted to the committee and laid on the table. The fol lowing motion, of which Mr Wallace had .riven notice, lapicd in the abscnce of t!: mover:-"'i'hat'as the new dredge is now almost finished, it way Iw soticipatiil t!rt the government arc nov: prepared »nd will shortly call for't.-nders lor completing the channel through' the liar, it be resolved fliat sit e.? be initiated by this committee with the .vk» of raiding the .sum of lam by publk sims-rription for the purpose of living given :l? a bomis to the contractor or con tractors on the completion ol the vrork within a civen time, to be (ic^rmined upon by a meeting of the subscribers duly called lor ti«;C Our old tov/ii-nnn and rcpresent.itbc, ; Fyl'e, Esq, has been besieged by the denkeiis of Back Creek, ssain to enter Parliament. Mr Fyfe declines the honor. A yachtsman lias drawn our attention to ?hefact that although a yacht club has been I iti'nneu ill Oseloiig and the yachting wason ! is drawing near, still there are__no yachts building, or, so far as appears, likely to be built. In point of fest there seems a danger of losing the only yacht we have-the some what famous Eclipsc. It is to be hoped ior the crcdit of the aquatic tendencies of Gee long that tlria will aot be. Coiisidcrinj that the Eclipse showed herself superior to any thing afloat in Hobson's Bay on the occasion of the recent regatta, and that she distancwl her rivals without being herself pressed for speed, it would surely be a damaging fact if the Eclipse were allowed to leave our Bay without first adding fresli laurels, to her name and the port: she was intended to represent. Although, as wc have stated, a yacht club has been formed, aud a commodore and vice-commo dorc and officers have been elected, and rules and regulations have been uuexccptionally drawn up, there still remains the one tiding needful. Those who can best afford it should be the first to come forward, and liberally support the movement Otherwise there is small chance of the "blue eiisigu. with G. Y. C. in gold in the field," being hoisted ou the mast heads of yachts that will carry it to Melbourne, Sydney, or Hobart Town. Certainly the colors of the Geeloug Yacht Club will not be much honored if they are kept ilying on the toast-heads of a lot of ships' gigs and long boats. In our recent notice of the Gcelong prize holders at the List drawing of the Loudon Ait Union, we overlooked the name of Mr C. Nantes, who is entitled to a volume of 12 photographs. Wc. also perceive that live of the Melbourne subscribers are prizemen, while Adelaide boasts of eleven. Offing, in part, to the'present showeiy state of the weather, and in part to the "recovery" which will Live to be suffered from the Bachelors' Ball, the Hunt Club has determined topostpone ib Bellcrine meet ing until to-morrow. "v ? The sportsmen of Geelong were put on the nut rive yesterday, in consequence of a report having been pretty freely circulated that their pet horse for the Champion Stake?, "Flat catcher," had been been sent to Melbourne for sale. This rumoured fact, conpled with the circumstance ofFlatcatcher'slate decline in the Melbourne market, is thought in sport ing circles here a sufficient justification for believing in a scrcw being loose. At all events it is certain that the confidence of Flatcatcher's backers has declined in a na turally greater proportion; and a V. D. L. horse, the property of Mr .John Lord, and formerly under the charge of Mr II. Dewing of Geelong, has been freely backcd -by the cognoscenti to beat the grey in the race. It is also stated by those who ought to know, that the reputed duller Sir Hercules is finding at least as many fnend3nowas the once formi dable Flatcatcher. With reference to a more general view of tlie coming event. Strop, the New Zealand champion, still maintains his pride of place as first favorite . and-barring accidents-he is booked to win.' This state of affairs is said to role, in consideration of the fact that Zoe, the beautiful favorite of New South Wales, is hardly expected to be up to the mark, while the. flower of Tasma nia, Quickstep-unquestionably "all there" in quality-is looked upon a3 deficient in wort The 4 year old Praxiteles, who was easily conquered at Geelong by our own Barton, is finding backers, 100 to 5. The meeting which was convened last night at the Mechanics' Institute in Mel bourne, " for the purpose of considering the necessity of petitioning her Majesty the Queen toguard the lives and properties of her faithful subjects in this important colony from foreign aggression and spoliation by promptly despatching to these shores an adequate naval force," was so numerously attended, that au adjournment to the Exhi bition Building was found to bo requisite. The enthusiasm was considerable, and the business of the meeting was in a fair way to be satisfactorily accomplished. The precise results we have yet to learn. Mr Holt played Hamlet Last night. Al though Mr Holt's impersonation of that character ccrtainly does not tend to throw any further light upon a metaphysical puzzle, o£ which uot the least perplexing feature is -as Schlegel puts its-that no. two thinking heads think alike about it' Still Mr Holt succeeded, as the bcro, in giving very credi table point and effect to the theatrical, that is, the exterior, portion of thp extraordinary tragedy. The several soliloquies were well delivered, and the caustic wit in the shorter dialogue was not lost sight of, while the two or three speeches known as the "Advice to the Players" (that scathing satire upon! almost all acting !j were given in a maimer I which at all events secured considerable ap plause. - Sirs Holt, who played the Queen, succeeded in the closet scene in powerfully depicting , the horrors of conscious guilt, although by the way Shakespeare has cun ningly thrown a veil of doubt upon the ex tent of her complicity in the murder which her son has been summoned to avenge. Mr Chapman gave a spirited rendering of Laertes, aud Miss Fiddes' Ophelia was char acterised by much softness and pathos. The gentleman who should have delivered the Ghosts' speeches was neither in voice nor memory bst night. Besides, he persisted in improving every third or fourth line as he went on. For iustauce, instead of "Adieu, adieu, adieu, remember me," this more effec tive ghost'elided the middle "adieu" and substituted the name of "Hamlet" in its place: and so forth,-which is altogether in tolerable iii cases wherein the sheer text and nothing but the text is sacred. Horatio aud the King, as well as the minor characters were pretty well played. This evening the Lady of Lyons will be repeated. The convict Flannery, sentenced to die for an unnatural crime, has been reprieved. After this the law had better be altered, for there could not be a clearer case than Flannery's, one more repugnant to humanity, or one more deserving of the extreme penalty of the law, if it is ever to be enforced. We speak thus from a knowledge of the case acquired by perusal of the depositions. A correspondent of the Herald makes some very pertinent remarks on the case "in re Vincent," and as there are a great many black sheep in the legal profession, we shall for their benefit quote the substance of the letter referred to:-- " The expressions attributed to tHe Chief Jus tice, in the case of " In re Vincent, etc.," have created a strong feeling in my mind, and I there fore venture to write to you upon the subject again. If the frequent cases brought before the court almost "amount to embezzlement," as the learned Judge remarked, how does the court re concile with their ideas of duty, giving the delin quent an opportunity of settling, or as it may be termed squaring the matter with the complaining party? Is there such a wide gulf in moral principles, between embezzlement by statute and offenccs almost amounting to embezzlement, as that the latter are susceptible of arrangement, while the real thing cannot escape punishment, and any attempt at trying to settle with the offender might bring the accuser himself into trouble. We find that frequent applications are made by clients, to obtain money from their solicitors, who, until this scrcw is put on, refuse to pay over: this is termed " amounting to embezzlement" And yet when the client has taken the trouble, incurred the expense, aud subjected himself to thedesa gremens of putting himself in the position of pub lie "jrosecntor, which duty the court shrinks inii ; the learned Judges alloc the matter to stand over, hi the hope that the defaulting attorney may come to some arrangement. Why is not this same clemeucv extended to the unfortunate clerk, or bookkeeper, who hapjwns to borrow of the funds confided to him (and in ino3t case3 in the full hopes of b$ing able to replace the loan before it is discovered.) Why should he be not allowed to go round to his friends, and make good the dell ciency, or shy is not his trial postjioncd to enable an arrangement to be made? "Why is not the thief and pick-pocket allowed to go frco upon re storing the stolen goods when found out J If public justice requires these unfortunates to be punished :vhen discovered, what is there in the jKBitiori of an attorney guilty of transactions " amounting to embezzlement," that the court should fold its Iiands, and shut its eyes to the moral turpitude of- the otfence, and allow that locus peuitcntbe to the attorney which is denied t/i the unhappy embezzling clerk! Our Judges seem to forget that the offences when bro ight to their notice, is no longer a matter betwen -olicitur 1 aud elieut; it is between the attorney and the public, and the offence having been against the public, is not capable of condonation by the client, aiid therefore tlie Jmlgt-:; are neglccting "onen!" tj.C llio-t ant in liitiiiu; tLu nuair rlip fio'.nihcir kinds, anil tern tu the injtirihl client jl Inac.ve in thek- t L-rfu-o we I'll-, u'l-jMl- V*. iVit the have him iiliL- ntt'i.-fjc,'} oil' ibe fulls r:*i (..-ily fur tlie nuri-jw of coui|K'lliii<: payment, to which the Ltfiiv.l jivl-e, \ think the Un.^r the li 'lk j nhv.nvi t!::t thill wii no iv.veu why the court sh.'iilil r-!M- t-j .'jt, when it v.\\\i c.-iriiizimt of the oiki.ee, iiii'l nl'u r the o;ui I v. as in 1 f the matter, tlu» client ouhl not con *i<»2i»* h. 1 ll.cJvf'Ji'ii cuiitvnil, oir, that the duty I'L the c'«ri. hwcvtr disagreeable, is at once to ill z:: ;-n>'.'j' fur iucli as are attribiitril to th" ? ':rt in the niat'vr <>f Yiiie'.-ns, i;. LXO-C why heihouhl I!, t beeiruck oil'the rolU. IVrc can he no uie iliiiiii: cither Smte is not iiatifi*l in i;.-ing such t-.ions, i.? when u.-eil,"he is not jubtiiied in ja-iing uvm *!ch conduct iu silence. 