THE THIRD PROVINCIAL SYNOD OF WESTMINSTER. (From the Tablet.) The following is the sermon of the Provost of Westminster at the conclusion of our Third Pro vincial Council, on Sunday, July 24th. A rev. correspondent, who was present at the Synod, writes : — ' I think the finest spectacle was the con cluding one, where the Cardinal received the kiss of peace from the Bishops. The Bishop of Plymouth sung the High Mass, coram Cardinali et Episcopis, ? .1 it. ..l./-1n «f tlin nlai-nir rnonf in nrflfPRCIOTI Tfllitln cloisters, singing the'Te Deum.' The Acclama mations were then chanted, Canon Rimmcr being the Archdeacon, and Dr. Crookall, the Cantor, lead ing the choir. The Cardinal Archbishop then as cended the altar-steps, and the Bishops having ar ranged themselves on either side of His Eminence, each of them gave him the ' kiss of peace.1 ' SERMON. ' Wisdom hath built herself a house,'— Proverbs viii., Who is the mighty builder but the eternal God ; and what is the house He has built, but the mani festation of his Almighty power 1 In the begin ning God created the heavens and the earth ; and the foundations of the house were laid. For six days in order and in symmetry this edifice of Eternal Wisdom arose from perfection to perfection. But there were greater things to come — a house mightier, and more glorious, more ample and more divine, for God had decreed that He would become incarnate. He prepared this mystery of His power in the Immaculate Conception of His Blessed Mother. In'that work of His eternal, all-creating Spirit, the foundations of a nobler house were laid. And ' the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us :' made His Tabernacle in our very manhood. But there was another house yet to arise, built upon His own natural body — that is, His mystical body, which is the Church of God ; and in the day when He said, ' Thou art Peter,' words came from the lips of God, which for power have no parallel, ex cept when He said, ' Let there be light,' and the splendours of the firmament were created : not only the floods and inundations of brightness were poured forth, but in urity and harmony all the lights and constellations arose together in their multitude and their glory. So when He spake those words, ' Thou art Peter,' the unity, and harmony, and universality, and complex beauty of the Church of God began. Time and succession of days were needed to unfold all that was spoken, but year by' year, generation by generation, this mighty structure of the Incarnate Wisdom of God arose to its per fections. First came the line of Pontiffs — vicars of the Incarnate Word, each arising in the firmament of the church in his peculiar splendour ; each distinct, but glorious, and like Him whose vicar he was. There was Leo, penetrated and glowing with the consciousness of the mighty message of the Incar nate Word. There was the first Gregory, ruling over the Church with the patriarchal sway of a father's love. There was another Gregory, the seventh of the name, subduing the enemies of the Church, breaking them with his iron will, ruling them with a rod of iron, and- governing the Church with the fire and energy of an angel of God. There was the third Innocent, legislating for the rations like his Master in the Mountain. Each arose in his own beauty and splendour. Then came the constellations of the Church — the mighty Councils : the Council of Nice, invested with the glory of the consubstantial Son ; Ephesus, in the splendour of His Immaculate Mother; L'ateran, declaring the glory of the Holy Eucharist ; Florence, exalting the supremacy of Christ's vicar upon earth, each one in its turn, and as the Eternal Wisdom thought fit to raise the edifice of His power, layer upon layer, stone upon stone. And yet there is still one to be enumerated — one constellation of light, the central sun of all, one around which all the Coun cils of the Church find their path, in which the splendours, of all others are united in the centre of light. The time had arrived, foreseen in the Eternal Wisdom, when men's hearts had waxed cold, when the islands of the Saints were barren ; and the lands of the north, which had borne ser vants of God, sent forth no longer Evan gelists or Apostles. When Spain, once so glorious in the Church, had become a trader in the -West, and when Portugal — the handmaid of the Church — had lost its zeal in the marts and markets of the East, when Germany sent forth a brood of errors to lay waste the fair fields of the Faith. The time was come that ano ther constellation of light should arise ; and for eighteen years the Episcopate of the Church sat in Trent, under the Legates of the Holy See, with power and intellect, with patience and zeal, and a consciousness of its Divine commission to legislate for the future. Then there arose a light above all other lights — such as that described by the Prophet, when he said the light of the moon should be as the light of the sun sevenfold as the light of seven days. For three hundred years the Great Council has ruled the Church. Its voice and its spirit have reigned with undiminished power. Time forbids me to do more than to touch on some of its special pregrogatives. By the Providence of God, it was heii; of all the Councils, recapitulating the Decrees of faith, and summing up in one Theology all that other Councils had declared. The heresies of old assailed here and there some special doctrine ; but now God had permitted a heresy to assail, not only the whole array of its doctrines all at once, but also the Divine authority of the Church itself; and for this cause the Council of Trent summed up in her own voice the united voices. As the voices of all the Apostles spoke by Peter on the Day of Pente cost,'' so the united voices of all Councils spoke together : Carthage, and Orange, Vienna, and Lateran, and Florence, all spoke by the Council of Trent. And not only all Councils met in one, but all theologies there found their common solution and their harmony. And the Creed of Pius IV. has summed them all up in one Confession. Again, the Council of Trent was in nn eminent sense the Council of Reformation. It would be an un palatable task to dwell on the evils of the time. But an example or two may suffice. The Second See of the West — the see founded by St. Barnabas, whose patron was St. Ambrose — had hardly for eighty years seen its Archbishop. It had been governed by vicars, of whom some had better not have been there. There were Parish Priests who knew not the form of Absolution in the Sacrament of Penance; there were Priests celebrating the Holy Mysteries who believed themselves exempt from the duty of Confession. If such were the Priests, what were the people ? There was also the See of St. Antonius — the birthplace of St. Phillip, and the social life of Italy corrupted by the influx of Oriental luxury. If such was Italy, what were other lands 1 At such a time the Council began its work, and one of its fir3t decrees was for the reformation of the disci, pline of the Church. It began with the College of Cardinals, and then laid its hands on Bishops and Priests, religious and secular, and then proceeded to 'the laity. Further, the council gave back to the Episcopate throughout the world that freedom of action and unfettered jurisdiction which has cleansed the Church of God. It restored her Provincial and Diocesan Synods, commanding them to assemble ' year by year, or every three years ; so. that the ' Church might never again be encumbered by an in heritance of confusion. Never, too, did any Council so recognise in the Vicar of Jesus Christ the supreme legislative and executive authority. And by one sovereign act the reigning Pontiff abolished all customs and prescrip tions contrary to the letter or to the spirit of the Council ; by a second he annulled all future pre scriptions againBt its decrees ; and by a third de clared that he and his successors alone should be the interpreters of its letter and its will. Next, it might be said that it was the Council of active charity. The love of men had waxed cold. Cen turies, dreary and dark, had swept over the Church since the fires of Pentecost had descended upon the earth, and lands that once glowed with sanctity had become bleak and barren. The Sacred Heart of Jesus was still indeed the heart of His mystical body, and the pulsations and vibrations of that heart were always the same, but those divine pulses were not always equally felt throughout His mystical body. It was thus, then, that against the cold and unreal theories of imputed justice the Council de clared that man is just by the justice of God, not by that by which He is just, but by that by which He makes us just ; and that Christ our Lord is the head infusing His life into the members, justifying and dwelling in the souls of mun. The fruit of this great truth coming from the Sacred Heart of Jesus, was seen in a wide and supernatural re-awakening in the Church of the love of- God and our neigh bour. S. Ignatius, S. Philip, S. Charles, S. John of God, St. Vincent of Paul, St. Ca'millus of Lellis, S. Francis of Sales, and other Saints, filled with the spirit of active charity, covered the face of the Church with new ministries of solace and spiritual mercy. A multitude of congregations, animated by the spirit of their founders, arose and spread on every side. The sons of St. Benedict and St. Do minick will not think I do them wrong if I say that under the shadow of their old Orders new ministries of charity have teemed forth, like the corn, and the vine, and the olive. S. Francis of Sales was the offspring of this great dogma of the charity of God poured forth in the heart by the Holy Ghost, and hi3 book on the love of God is a scientific exposition of the doctrine of the Council of Trent. The order nf 4-Iiq TTtc'i + 'i tlrtn enrnnn fmrr* i(' ? anil frrim flio Viei_ tation sprung the humble, outcast nun, mistrusted and persecuted, whom God had chosen to found the Devotion of the Sacred Heart, by which the Church of God has been set on fire with a new and increas ing fervour. Lastly, the Great Council of Trent unfolded, in an explicit form, by its decrees, the divine institu tion, the sanctity, and the sacramental character of the priesthood. Though in the Councils of the Church there was often mention of the sanctity of the priesthood, the time was not yet come for its full and express definition. It must first be denied. By the Reformation, the supremacy of the Holy See, the divine institution of the Episcopacy, the divine character of the Priesthood, the power of Sacrifice, the power of the Keys, were article by by article denied. It became, therefore, necessary for the Church in Council to define the doctrine of Faith, and to make decrees concerning the Priest hood — its character and its powers. And, more than this, the Council of Trent first imposed on the Fathers of the Church the obligation in conscience of founding Seminaries. To them, by Jesus Christ, was given the power of rearing, and training, and ordaining the Priests of God. To the Apostles and to their successors was committed this power of creating and calling into existence an order of men and of investing them with supernatural preroga tives. Others might pveach, others might absolve, others might study Theology, but no other could call a stripling, and could impress upon his brow the tonsure of the crown of thorns, and bid him say ' This is my body : this is my blood.' None other could breathe on them and say ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost : whose sins ye forgive, they are for given ; whose sins ye retain, they are retained.' To the Fathers of the Church was committed the mighty power of drawing from the spiritual quarry the living stones which should build up the house of Wisdom. Spes messis in semine. The youth of to-day, jrowned with the tonsure, are the seed ot the harvest and the hope of the Church. All this the Council of Trent has done, and every Provincial Council of the Church may be said to be only a particular congregation of that of Trent. For 300 years it has been sitting, and ruling, and multiplying her decrees, and unfolding their sense and their spirit through numberless channels. It is good for us to he here in the heart of the 19th century. It is a sign of weakness to muse upon the past, or to dream of the future. The present is our time of action. We live under a Pontificate which will be great hereafter. We live undej: a Pontificate which has made the world vibrate with joy by the definition of the Immaculate Concep tion of the Blessed Mother of God. This alone will stamp this age as an epoch in the History of the Church. It is good too for us to he here in England. If ever there was a land in which work is to be done, and perhaps much to suffer, it is here. I shall not say say too much, if I say that we have to subjugate and subdue, to conquer and rule, an imperial race; we have to do with a will which reigna throughout the woild as the will of old Rome reigned once ; we have to bend or break that will which nations and kingdoms have found invincible and inflexible. We have to gather for this work the rough stones of this great people, and to perfect them for gems for the sanctuary of God. It is good for us to be here, because a nobler field could not be chosen than England on which to fight the battleof the Church. What Constanti nople, and Ephesus, and Africa, were to the heresies of old, England is to thelast, complex, and manifold heresy of modern times. Were it conquered in England, it would he conquered throughout the world. All its lines meet here, and therefore in England the Church of God must be gathered in its strength. - The Councils of Toledo, by a suc cession of decrees one after the other, reconstituted Spain Christian and Catholic. In Milan, too, a succession of Provincial Councils, presided over by the glorious spirit and inflexible will which rules them to this day, restored the sanctity and order of the Lombard Church. Why should ir not be so in Westminster ? ?' It is the third time we have been gathered here. Two Councils have already spoken. Their decrees have gone forth to the people. Wisdom is building herself a house. Stone upon stone, layer upon layer, it is rising in order and symmetry — a noble work, full of the future: each Council more important than the last: the present more important than nil. It was but a few days ago, and all the splendour of the Synod was changed : its beauty was laid aside. The altar was bare, arid for the brightness of its array there were hues of mourning and the voice of intercassion. In the midst, where we are sitting, arose a bier — the token of those who once were, and are not. A few years'ago, and there were those herewho werefull of life and vigour, full of Apostolio powers and sacerdotal grace. A few short years ore gone, and, for them our prayers have as cended. How short is life ! ; How little is all that then was great ! Which of you know now if, when the next Synod of ^Vestminster- is celebrated*, he ahall be here ? W:ork, then, while it is day. ' Man goeth forth to pis work, and to labour until the evening.' It is towards evening. Life, at .the longest, is short and ijceting. And yet neither- its fleetness, nor its shortness, is in true tilth measure of its littleness, but the magnitude of the work? to' be done, and the eternity hereafter. We live to glorify the Eternal God, to labour for the Precious Blood, to gather souls for whom Christ died, to lay hold on eternal life. For these things, the life of the youngest is short indeed. And, for the most of us, the day is far spent. Work, then, ' whilst it is day : the night cometh when no man can work.' (St.' John, ix. 4.) It may be intereiting to mention that a beautiful historical painting of the First^Provincial Synod of our new Hierarchy, comprising, of course, the por traits of the principal members, is in course of exe cution by Mr. James Doyle. The series of photo graphic and stereoscopic Ecclesiastical portraits approaches completion, the last taken being that of the Bishop of Southwark, which is published (by Burns and Lambert), both for the stereoscope and for framing. Ten Bishops have now sat, and as many Canons arid dignitaries, including Drs. Man ning and Faber. There are also stereoscopic groups, illustrative of Catholic functions, some tf which are very beautiful. — Tablet, August 6th. Cowpasture Bridge. — Black horse, TM near shoulder, near fore foot white. To be sold accord ing to the Impounding Act. Waoqa Wagga. — Bay horse, small star, switch tail, saddle marked, aged, VU near neck, SD shoul der, t£j off cheek, D over H in circle, and K under off shoulder, 16 hands high. To be sold on the 22nd December. Dunoog. — Dark brown entire colt, abont 3 years old, H on near shoulder. To be sold on the 27th instant. Fobdwick. — Chesnut mare, small star in face, pulled tail, AM near shoulder, 4 years old, 14 hands high. To be sold on the 22nd instant. Parr amatta.— Red cow, white belly, JF off ribs. Red sided cow, white back, belly, and face, L ' off rump. Red sided bull calf, white back, belly, and face. Brindle cow, one horn, EM off rump. Red sided heifer, white back and belly, H off rump. To be sold on the 14th instant. Molong. — Bay entire colt, g near shoulder, very small star, black points, 14 hands high, three years* old. To be sold on the 21st instant. Kiama.— Yellow heifer, white spot on forehead, ?NL on ribs, 2 years old. To be sold on 2nd Dec.' Wollongong. — Roan pony mare, bang tail, HF on near shoulder, about 13 hands high. To be sold according to Impounding Act, West Mlitland. — Red cow, RR on the off rump. Cream coloured pony, short switch tail, black points, AK near shoulder, Jd off shoulder, near fore foot laine. To be sold according to Im pounding Act. , Dubbo. — Bay gelding, long tail, saddle and girth marked, RL near shoulder. Bay gelding, long tail, saddle marked, LC off shoulder, AA near shoulder. Bay mare, long switch tail, small star on forehead, JH near shoulder. To be sold on the 24th inst. 