The Irish Bishops on National Education. To the Editor of the " Independent Journal.' SIR, Since the publication of an article in your Journal from the Times on National Education, I think it is no more than an act of Justice to allow the opinions of the Irish bishops on the same question to become as publicly known through the medium of your Journal as the article referred to of their adversary)'. The question of Education is not the only, although it is the most important one touched upon in the Pastoral, and as it is treated, in a calm, temperate, and firm tone, worthy the gravity of the subject and the exalted personages from whom it * emanated, I trust you will not deem it unworthy of a place in your columns. I am Sir, Your obedient servant, CAT'iOLICUS. Perth, December 12 1859. The education of the Catholic youth of Ireland holds a foremost place among the questions affecting the present and future well-being of our country. It comes next in importance after the possession of the true faith, the most precious of all God's gifts ; nay, it is intimately connected with the interests of our holy faith itself. Whatever be the form of public education, whatever its aim-whether, being simply godless in its nature, it but teaches men to fulfil his part in this passing world without taking thought of his eternal destiny in the next, or whether it is based upon the belief that the last one at a of Christian youth ought to begin and end with the fear of the Lord, as the beginning of all wisdom (Ps. ex. 0) ; whether, again, including religion within its view, it adopts the singular modern device of a common Christianity, as it is called, or contemplate the instruction of all religious denominations, each by itself, each in its own proper tenets, and each by its own recognised ministers-in any supposition, it is not possible for human ingenuity so to construct and work out a system of public education in these countries, but that it will bear somehow, favourably or adversely, upon the interests of religion. To every such scheme of education, with its originators, the words of our blessed Lord apply with literal exactness The that is not with me is against meat-safe. xii. 30. Since then every conceivable system of public education in this country must needs operate for or against the interests of religion must needs exert a decided influence online faith of the youth submitted to its teachings-an influence always appreciable, and augmented for good or evil with the extent of the system itself, and assuming a corresponding magnitude when that assumes the proportion of a national system, and passing from the present to generations yet unborn since this is so, it at once becomes the right and the duty of the Catholic Bishops of this country to watch over every such system, by whomsoever devised for their people, or with whatsoever intention. It is theirs to examine very such system with minute care; theirs to observe its workings with the utmost vigilance ; theirs to look narrowly into its methods Bud course of instruction, the character of its books, the spirit of its teachers ; theirs to scrutinise its every detail, that so they may be able to pronounce, and to pronounce with authority, how far the teachings of secular knowledge may or may not be in conformity with the unerring, never-changing standard of Catholic faith. All this it is the right and the duty of the Catholic Bishops of Ireland to do -They are the guardian? of the faith of their flocks ; them as the Holy Ghost placed over those flocks, as well to lead them to while some, as to warn them away from noxious pastures to them, through the Apostles, has Christ said "Go, teach all nations" (Matt. xxviii. 20); and if for want of care on their part any of the little ones redeemed was His precious blood shall have been lost through the pernicious influence of bad systems of education, He will, on the great accounting day, make their answer for the loss at the peril of their own soul. If they were at all inclined to sleep at their posts while there was danger to their flocks, there is one who would wake them up to the duty of pastoral vigilance, the pastor of pastors the successor of Peter, who from the watch towers of Sion looks abroad over the universal church, even to the ends of the earth, with an eye that never sleeps, and at the same time, amidst the multitudinous cares entailed upon him by the solicitude of all the churches, views with an interest deep and paternal everything that concerns the spiritual welfare of his children in faithful Catholic Ireland. The all important que son of education has engaged, and engages the especial attention of the Holy Father. Not long ago the archbishops of the four ecclesiastical provinces of Ireland received a letter from the Cardinal Prefect of the Sacred Congregation charged by the Holy Father with the special care of the Irish church, in which his Eminence required that the national system of education, and the projected system of intermediate public schools in Ireland, should be thoroughly examined, and a faithful report thereon transmitted to the Holy See. Reminding the archbishops that the Queen's College had been already solemnly condemned by the Holy Father, and that the great duty in reference to them was, to keep Catholic youth far away from them," and to provide otherwise for their liberal education by found- ing and maintaining Catholicity Colleges and the Catholic University, the illustrious Cardinal Prefect earnestly recommended these most important subjects to the consideration and zeal of the Irish Bishops. For the purpose of carrying into effect these weighty recommendations, his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin in due course received instructions to convene a meeting of the Irish Bishops, and and to preside over its deliberations in quality of Apostolic Delegate. We have accordingly met together to confer upon the questions submitted to our consideration, with a full sense of the important issues involved in these questions. We have not been without know- - ing that in a country such as ours, where the 1 educated man, from the lowest to the highest is sure to leave all others far behind him on the road to wealth or distinction ; where the son of the humblest man in the community may, by his intellectual superiority, rise to the highest office attainable by a subject and where the artisan, with only the bands and the head that God gave him, may realise a fortune and win fame we have not been without knowing that in such a country the people must be educated and we may appeal to our Catholic Schools, Colleges, and University, erected out of very scanty resources, as evidence of our sincerity of our desire for the diffusion of sound and useful education. Neither on the other band have we been without knowing that a system of education, useful and attractive in some respects, and withal preferred as a boon, may yet be no been at all but a very dangerous thing, pay, all the more dangerous for its useful and attractive character ; nor have we forgotten how wisely it has been said, " Bet- ter is an humble rustic who serves God than a proud philosopher who neglects himself while he considers the course of the heavens," nor again have we forgotten that religion is a necessary supplement to the laws of the land, and that, for want of it, highly but badly educated people might overturn-as they have overturned-the alter and throne. We have felt the necessity of accepting, for the education of the people of a comparatively poor country, all the pecuniary aid which the government would grant and we could do cept without danger to the faith of our people ; we also trust that we know how to estimate at its full value the bounty of the government and if it expects a return of gratitude for the performance of one of its first duties, then we may add that we are not ungrateful for what it has done, and is doing, for the education of the Catholic people of Ireland. But, we have also felt the full responsibility resting on us, called upon, as we have been, to decide whether in accepting the pecuniary aid given with no grudging hand we might not also be accepting with it a system of education fraught with danger to the faith of our people, and transmitting an inheritance of evil to generations yet unborn. We have met, fully impressed with the gravity of these considerations with the importance of the cause on which we had to pronounce. And because of ourselves we can do nothing, but " our sufficiency is from God," (2 Cor. iii. 5.) and unless " the Lord keeps the city, he watcheth in vain that keepeth it," (Ps xxiv. 3), we have had recourse by fervent and humble prayer to the " Father of lights," and at the foot of the " throne of wisdom" we have besought the Immaculate Mother of God to obtain from on high The "spirit of council and of strength" to direct us in our liberations. We have forwarded to Rome a full account of our proceeding, and we have asked for them the blessing of the Sovereign Pontiff. Having done so, we now deem it our duty to inform you, dearly beloved brethern, of the unanimous result of our deliberations, assured that, you will accept not only with docility but with joy the decisions of your assembled Bishops, and that by your cordial, active, united support of them you will speedily obtain for the Catholic youth of our country, of all classes, a system of education purely and entirely Catholic, whilst our Protestant, fellow subjects will be perfectly free to educate the Protestant youth of the country after their own manner. The following resolutions unequivocally express the judgment which, as Catholic Bishops, we have felt it our duty to pronounce on mixed education, whether as such, or as in actual operation, or as contemplated, in reference to the Catholics of Ireland. With equal clearness do they set forth the claim of our flocks to an adequate share of the public funds appointed to education, together with the terms on which as Catholics and citizens they can freely accept it. We publish these resolutions in the body of our Pastoral Address to you, beloved brethren, that they may be read from every altar and every pulpit in every one of our dioceses, that so no Catholic in Ireland may remain ignorant either of what we teach or what we demand in this all important matter of education. That schools if it Catholic youth should be such as to insure for them the benefit of a safe secular education, and adequate religious instruction in the faith and practices of the Catholic church. They should be, therefore, so subordinated to Bishops in their respective dioceses as that no books may be used in them for secular instruction to which the Ordinary shall object and that the teachers, both as to appointment and removal, and the selection of all books for religious instruction, and the arrangements for it, be under the control of the same Ordinary. That the principles enunciated can be adequately embodied and acted upon in this country only as a system of Education exclusively for Catholics. That the Catholics of Ireland have a right to obtain such a proportion of the aid annually allocated by Parliament for education as, regard being had to their numbers and the condition of the Catholic population, will suffice for the establishment and maintenance of schools to be conducted on thoroughly Catholic principles. That the concession of' grants for exclusively Catholic schools in Great Britain and in the British colonies is conclusive evidence of the fairness of the claim to a grant being made for Catholic schools in Ireland, and that the Catholic people of Ireland should, therefore, insist, through their representatives in Parliament and by direct application to the Government, on obtaining such a grant. That the National system of education, though tolerated on account of the particular circumstances of the country, must be, from its very nature in several respects, objectionable to Catholics, and time the changes made in its rules from time to time having been averse to Catholic interests, have increased the distrust of the Catholic Episco- pany. That we signalize as especially objectionable, the new recognition of the control over education which the Catholic Church holds to have been conferred on Sishoos by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, when be said to His Apostles, " Go, teach all nations" (Matt, xxviii., 19). 2\. The practical substitution, in its stead, of the control of a board consisting of members of different religious denominations, predominantly Protestant, and denying its authority exclusively from the state, whilst its powers extends to, and is exercised, in matters vitally affecting religion. 3\. The education of Catholics-of teachers in the model or normal school), even of history and philosophy, and of children in other schools by Protestants. 4 4. The constitution generally of the model and training schools, and their establishment throughout the country in opposition, in many cases, to the declared opinions of the local Bishops. 5\. The exclusion from the schools of the cross, and of all symbols of Catholic devotion. 6\. The character of several of the books published by the commissioners, the use of which is enforced in the schools under their immediate management, and is proud early unavoidable in schools deriving aid from the Board. 7\. The rule adopted some years ago by the Board, according to which aid has been since its adoption refused for the erection or outfit of schools unless the school estate be vested in the Board-a condition expressly at variance with the instructions of the Holy See and the decision of the Catholic Bishops of Ireland in the National and Provincial Synods. 8\. The inherent evil in the system that the schools are all liable to inspection by Protestant officers of the Board, and the fact that schools exclusively attended by Catholics, are, to a vast extent, exclusively under Protestant inspection. I). The fact that in schools deriving aid from the Board, Catholic children have received, and may receive religious instruction from Protestant teachers, in opposition to the original constitution as laid down by Zora Stanley-the commissioners not recognising the rightful claims of Catholic pastors to be the guardians of the religion of Catho- his youth in attendance at National School. To carry these resolutions into effect your cordial co-operation, dearly beloved brethren, is necessary and upon that co-operation, we reckon with confidence. Obedience to the pastors of your church is with you hereditary. You thirst, as in the olden times, to drink at the fountains of pure knowledge, even " as the heart panteth after the fountains of water" (Ps. xli. 2). You prize your religion as the I pearl above price, and you prize a pure and free education as the gold in which it may fitly be set. You will, therefore, be with us heart and soul in the efforts we are determined unceasingly to make, until we shall have obtained a thoroughly Catholic education in all its departments for the Catholic youth of Ireland. Nor do we anticipate any long delay to our wishes. An enlightened Government must see how just, and right, and proper, it is that Catholics should receive a Catholic education as well as Protestants a Protestant education and that, moreover, the State should, in a spirit of generous liberality, give us its aid 83 some compensation for the loss of our funds for Catholic education, which have not only been confiscated, but turned to hostile uses. 