SUBURBAN AND COUNTRY (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) II. This Scott and party, of whom I have before made mention, appear to be fond of the experimental. They bottomed their shaft at 175 feet, and having ex- hausted the ground that far at an ave- rage yield of 1¼ oz per ton, have punched their way down through slate and sandstone reef to 500 feet, and are still bent on going down till they reach what they are pleased to call "a se- cond bottom," and a paying main quartz reef. It is impossible to help wishing success to each brave adven- ture, and nearly as impossible to help fancying success will not come. And yet, perhaps, it would be deciding pre- maturely, seeing that as yet we are only learning the alphabet of quartz nuning. This Little Hill party, how- ever, are an observant, intelligent, plodding knot of fellows, and are de- termined upon seeing what the mo- ther region of the mountain is made of. Meanwhile the party is working fora lost vein in a contiguous shaft at a depth of about 100 feet. The alluvial sinking at Egerton is that in All Nations Gully and the other gully to the south. The depth varies from 30 to 70 feet in All Na- tions, but has paid very indifferently. There is a well defined gutter, but it is almost destitute of gold. The miners of the Mount believe that, if well pro- spected, a good gutter must be found further down towards Cantwell's Creek ; to which end some essays are now being made. Of the probability of success, I have no doubt, seeing that the locality has several large auriferous ranges, of which "All Nations" ap- pears to be the natural drainage chan- nel ; and I should expect, therefore, that a good testing of the ground for alluvial sinking would be most certain to be attended by the discovery of a good paying gutter. The same remark applies to several spots I went through in the vicinity of the Mount. Some- how or other, however, there appears to have been scarcely any prospecting going on anywhere. Generally speak- ing, one's approach to a gold- field is ascertained by prospecting holes here and there and everywhere ; but on going to Egerton from Gordon, one sees nothing of the kind until he comes right upon the main and almost only workings. The alluvial sinking in the southern gully is not worth speaking about. I found both at Egerton and Gordon that the general experience, with exceptions of course, was that the quartz lead paid best at and immedi- ately below the surface. So far then the theory of Mr John Phillips holds good at those places. Nevertheless, I presume everybody will be delighted to hear that gentleman's theory speedily and most decisively disproved. With respect to the present aspect of the Mount I may in conclusion state that there is one hotel there, the Mount Egerton Hotel, kept by host Murphy, and opened by one Clapp in 1856\. The Victoria and Black Ball hotels, opened in 1857 by Michaud and Bull respectively, are now shut up. There is a police station there, at which are three mounted troopers, Corporal (or Sergeant) Lyness being the officer in charge ; the Court House, however, is at Gordon. There is a general store opposite to Murphy's Hotel, and the homes of the miners lie scattered over the sides of the ranges with vegetable gardens attached. Cantwell's Creek and the Moorabool, both about three miles off, afford permanent water; but water holes of course supply a nearer if not so good a resource. Lying about the Big Hill are signs of the better days of the place. Abandoned shafts, fragments of tramways, one with a truck still on it, crushing wheels still standing up and leaning on mouldering arms, their beds overgrown with grass, and other proofs appear of the former bustle of the spot. One wheel I saw, 7 feet in diameter and 2 feet thick, was composed of one block of granite, quarried near Fiskin's run. It weighs about 7 tons, belonged to one Robert Rogers, and cost £20 for transit to the place where it now stands, a ponderous evidence of former enterprise. While these marks of desertion are visible, there are also piles of newly cut timber, slabs, laths, props, &c.;, to be seen, in- dicative of the activity of the few now working on the ground, and I should say that if a spirited prospecting party were to go to work in quest of alluvial ground, the return of prosperity to the locality would be not distant. Gordon is another exemplification of the almost total absence of alluvial prospecting ; and yet the whole neigh- borhood abounds in gold - bearing quartz dykes, and gullies where the gutters of the old world may be pro- bably discovered in their incipient formation. There is one party pro- specting for alluvial ground below Brown & Harker's stamping machine. They are down 270 feet, but as yet have no bottom. The stuff gone through is singular, and consists of a sort of chaotic mixture of slate drift and clays; but of what the bottom may be composed remains to be seen. As yet the prospectors have had but little water, though the moisture has been sufficient to render slabbing in- dispensable, . Until the discovery of the quartz reefs at Gordon led to the celebrated rush thither, and the consequent partial clearing of the surface, and up- turning of the substrata, whatever of auriferous characteristics the place possessed was hidden beneath one of the most fertile of soils and the most luxuriant of forest timber and under- growth. Approach the place at what- ever point one may, the same anmis- takeable evidences of fertility and wild unreclaimed bush present them- selves. A belt of schistose ranges, interlaced with gold-bearing quartz veins, lies north and south, how far I cannot say; while trap hills here and there on the west and east proclaim at once the source of the fertility of the country and the identity of its geolo- gical formation with that of Ballarat. I had not time for minute or extended observation of local features about Gordon, a work rendered the more diflicult seeing that a dense forest covers nearly all the neighborhood, and shuts out inspection save in detail ; but from a partial bird's-eye view I had from the summit of a trap hill west of Opossum reef, it occurred to me that there was a likely field for alluvial prospecting in the neighbor- hood of the Moorabool and Reid's crush- ing machine. True, I did not see any spot like the as yet unmatched basin of Ballarat, but that abundance alluvial ground exists in the country about Gordon, I have not the slightest doubt. Messrs Blake & Parker, the owners of a crushing machine, are the owners of a run here, including Gordon and the township of Wallace, through which latter place the Government road to Melbourne passes by a line to the north of the present coach route through the Gordon diggings. That part of the Gordon field which lies on the Kangaroo reef side of the creek, and the land away on the Egertou road, are very well situated for a township. There is enough of level, and enough of slope, to serve both for purposes of resi- dence and street construction, and for drainage. The gully or creek has a spring of tolerably good water, and the erection of a dam would secure a supply ample for the requirements of a large population. Of the present aspect of the place, urbanly speaking, it is enough to say, that it is now suffering from a series of rushes to other places, and the partial or total failure of several of the reefs, and that as a con- sequence there are more shops, hotels, and private dwellings than suffice for the wants of the people. There is scarce a canvas dwelling to be seen, the houses being constructed of wea- therboard and shingle, of slabs or bark. Then there are gardens everywhere nearly, the rich brown or chocolate soil of which grows vegetables in abun- dance. Flowers here and there too, and creeping plants, trained up ve- randahs or house fronts, betoken the presence of taste and beautiful homeli- ness. Poultry, goats, pigs, abound, and at several places cows are kept by cottagers, and luxuriate in grass and fern that half hide them from the passer-by. From these things one easily infers that it is a sin to let this fine country lie any longer locked up from the labor and home- creating instincts of the people. Millions of farms and homes lie smiling in the imagination of the man who looks upon the capacities of the country, and the on-coming future ; and no squab- bles of political factions can or ought to much longer prevent the occupa- tion of the soil by the mass of the colonists, to whom, if colonisation be right, it right- fully belongs. While such is the appearance of Gordon to the visitor, it requires no long residence there to perceive that it is but the poor dull ghost of what it was. Two- thirds, at least of the population, have gone away, and others are going now. Seve-- ral drays were loading while I was there, for the Daisy Hill and other rushes ; but the main part of those who are there are miners settled and doing well in their respective reefs. The present population of Gordon, in- cluding all the reefs, was variously estimated to me at from 500 to 1500 ; and if the mean were taken it would perhaps be a tolerably close approxi- mation to the actual truth. Of the plan of the township, if plan there be, I can say but little. Let a spider be dipped in ink, and placed on a sheet of writing paper, and in a second or two, I should imagine, a pretty accu- rate plan of the Gordon township would be traced. While the delight- fullest irregularity prevails everywhere, and gables, backyards, fronts and sides, seem hopelessly jumbled up together, there is the faintest possible indication in one spot of the crossing of two lines of street, to wit, the route to Mel- bourne, and the track to the Mount. Over all the freshest possible appear- ance of bush rawness prevails. Old chums of the forest stand in the middle of the streets, or shake their rakish boughs right in the face of the man who stands at his store door ; while felled trunks lie in front of houses, and stumps innumerable stand bold, ugly, and obstinately in the way everywhere. Such was this old Ballarat when I first saw it, now nearly 7 years ago. What, then, may not one hope for Gordon in the future ? For I may just tell you that I do not believe this present dull Gordon is "done up" so irretrievably as some of its present inhabitants seem to think. I believe its resources have only been scratched upon, and that there remains for it a better day than it has ever seen yet. But of its mining and other matters I must speak in my next. 