SERMONS -ON THE DEATH OF ROBERT ?CAMPBELL. : From the Evening Mail, we learn, that, on Sunday week, sermons touching the -death of Robert Campbell were 'delivered in .Sydney. The Rev. Canon Walsh, at Christ Church, took for his text, Job. xiv, 10, "Man dieth and wasteth away; he giveth up the ghost: where is he?'' After alluding to, the many casualties of mortality, and the cold, careful manner in which returns of death are furnished and chronicled, the reverend gentleman first made special application of his text as follows:— I feel words like these have a special meaning; to us at this time. Few of this community are there, and those surely only the arrivals of yes terday, to whom the name and person of Robert Campbell were unknown. To older colonists it was a household word, and ''Merchant Campbell," whether it spoke of father or son, was never named but with respect and esteem — honoured and honorable. Years since, the father passed away in a ripe and peaceful old age and now the son, in the full vigor of manhood, is suddenly taken to his rest; so suddenly that it seems but a step from the full, active bustle of the political life of a Minister of State to the stillness of death. Often must we have heard the words of our burial ser- vice, ''In the midst af' life we are in death," often without taking in what they meant; and, lo! here they are expounded by the finger of God pointing to an event like this. We, of this con- gregation, who lately and for a long time, have numbered him amongst our worshippers, can un derstand them. We shall miss his manly, unaf- fected reverence of posture and demeanor; his exemplary bearing in the house of God; his con- sistent avowal of Christian principle on all fitting occasions; his outspoken appreciation of the Church of England's doctrine and order, his open- handed liberality in offering to God, as He had prospered him. And many will miss his generous sympathy in distress, his large alms-deeds done in secret. While those who knew his domestic worth, and the purity and simplicity of his heart within, will feel still more keenly the pang of grief for his removal. There is a touching reflection suggested to us in this instance, in the fact that he of whom we are speaking fell a victim to the excitement and harass of political and public life. He who as a private citizen amidst the secret charities of domestic life might have reached to a good old age, sank under the pressure of work to which in a single-minded desire for the good of others, and under a conscien tious sense of duty to those he sought to serve, he zealously and ardently devoted himself. What- ever the cause he undertook was in itself, he was a martyr to his zeal for it. Now that brings out the significancy of words like those in the text — "Man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" * * * * There is something awfnl in this very vacancy. Where is he — he, not the body, but the. man? It is a strange transition and change, and his case of whom we are speaking makes us feel it so; the eager, ardent politician— now at the hustings, ap- pealing for the suffrages of his fellow- citizens, as the vindicator of their rights, the champion of their liberties, amidst all the clamour of a con- tested election; then in Parliament, debating with all the experience of political partizanship — con- testing opinions— pitting judgment against judgment; then the responsible Minister of State, immersed in all the details of office — laden with cares — open to suspicion and obloquy, and attack from political adversaries — ever at strife — ever working weapon in hand to fight off gainsayers— ever consciantiously working, but ever feeling that conscientiousness is discredited— and then all the wear and tear of intellect and strong passion, and vehement impulse which a life like that in- volves —what a change is it when all this has be- come the stillness of death. Where is he? * * * * It is then, as we look back upon the active, restless, excited, anxious, fevered, troublous life of one so recently amongst us, and survey it from the grave side, and from the stillness of death, and ask of our dead "where is he?" now that he has yielded up the ghost—that we learn the con- nection there is between our short fleeting life in the body and the eternal future. ? The Great Land Monopolist ?: Again.-?-' A few weeks ago most of the .'colonists of New South Wales were more or less excited by the.; 'cases of Dr Lang nnd tlie editors of the 'Illawarra Mercury and the SydneirEveninii Mail, each of, ' w-hom was prosecuted in tlie -'-Criminal ''Court by! j Mr , Alexander Berry for an alleged 'libel in some - j of the documents containing statements relative to! the land monopoly of Mr Berry in tltc-Shoalliaven; district and other parts 'of the 'colony. These; s martyrs were 'conspicuously brought before 'the' public in the reports of 'tho legal courts, arid the' Parliament houses. Dr Lang arid the Editor of the Evening Mail were tried at the Supreme Court during the 2nd week in -February last, 'but j ?both of these gentlemen got off triurriphantyl. T^ow we 'find that Mr Berry uses his influence to; injure and annoy those who, in his land of liberty, ? dare to express their- disapprobation of monopolyj and tyranny. He gets them turned out of their:, situation houses if they dare to express their opinion about his condudt. A letter which was published in the Illawarra Mercury, a newspaper' widely circulated in Mr Pe.ry's own part of the 'country, will serve to show hov lie tries to injure :tliose of his neighbors who notice his grinding-and monopolising practices. The -elections are at; hand. -Let the 'electors choose representatives who will strive to do away with the land monopoly and the land price of the colony. Let small capi talists have a fair play at the land sales. We call Australia the land of liberty and 'independences but there is; in some respects, less liberty here 'than in Great Britain. In England a person is at liberty to express his opinion as to the manner in which evdn the Ptince Consort, the Duke of Nor thumberland, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of, Grafton, and other' nobleman use their land, par-; ticularly those territories that were given to them by the Crown for special purposes, but in this.; | colony a man is liable to be t-tied at 'the Supreme! Court or turned out :of his home and situation for! expressing an opinion about an old fellow who runs down the poor, monopolises all the land, and op presses the hireling in his wages. Let usat;the' coming elections consider the land question as one of the -most important matters as the terms 011 which the different candidates for seats in the leg islature can be chosen.- — Newcastle Chronicle, Gold in New South Wales. — The following statistics of the gold-fields . of New South Wales for the year 1858 are taken from a Parliamentary paper published in this colony: — During the year, 252,382;ozs. of gold were received from the gold fields of New South Wales. The value in pounds sterling was 974,234. During the year, 342,540 02s., worth £1,882,034, were received into the Mint for coinage. There were coined 1,101,500 sovereigns, and 483,000 half-sovereigns. Bars and ingots, weighing 14,127 ozs., and worth ;C58,125, were also issued. The total cost of the Mint and its management (including first cost of buildings and plant), from tho commencement to the end of 1858, was £96,344 lis Id ; and the revenue yielded by the establishment during the same period was £46,952 19s 3d. The ex penditure for management of the gold-fields, and tho cost of escort and conveyance of gold and gold guards for the year, was £25,503. The revenue derived from the gold-fields and the duty on gold was ,£43,107 17s 7d. During the year, 24,595 ozs., worth £98,430, were exporied ; and 213 boxes of coin, worth £1,411,251 ; — in all, £1,509,681, total value. 