Cfce Register. ADELAIDE: MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1859. PRIZE POETEY. Tho flood of rhyme which poured in upon the Judges of tho Sums' prize poem was so overwhelming that the state of those unfor tunnte men before thev had accomolished their task was described by Punch as most dis tressing. He says :— 'They clutched their goblets in their hands, and their eyes stood in their head, With the look most unpoetical of codfish that are dead. They sat like men who had been stunned, they sat like things of stoae, And ever, as the minstrels sang, they sobbed a feeble moan. And Burns, and Doon, and Maucblin Belles, and Cutty Sark, and Jean, Danced through their brains like Will-o'wisps, or ghosts at Hallowe'en.' We hope that the effects of the competition for the Gawler prize were less terrible, though we believe that even in this case, if the Judges had been compelled much longer to with- stand the rush of minstrelsy which had set in upon them human nature must have given way, and the task of deciding amongst the frenzied poets must have been thrown up in despair. As it fortunately happened, however, the deluge subsided just in time, and the Judges escaped from their perilous position in safety. But, leaving the humorous view of the sub ject, we think the liberality and spirit of the Gawler Institute Committee in this matter should not be allowed to pass without a word of commendation. They have carried out in a very enterprising manner what they considered the best plan of encouraging the literary tastes of the colony, and though there may be a great difference of opinion as to whether that plan really is the most suitable for attain ing the object in view, there can be none as to the credit which belongs to the Gawler people in being the first in the colony to invite public competition in works of literature. A very useful precedent has, therefore, been set, and though it may be that our national poem has yet to be written, and the real song of Aus tralia yet to be sung, it is satisfactory to know that at least a beginning has been made in the proper direction. It must be admitted that, in the present instance, the poets had a difficult task imposed upon them. It is certainly not an easy undertaking to write a national song for a country which as yet may be said to be without a nationality. It was, therefore, not to be expected that any prize could elicit a production which should be to Austra lians what ' Rule Britannia' is to Englishmen, or 'The Star-Spangled Banner' to Americans. Still there was reason to hope that something more than the mere prettiness of our natural scenery, with its fruits and flowers, and blue skies, would have stirred in the minds of our poets on this occasion. The great future of this southern empire might at all events have been a theme worth attempting. But perhaps it so happened that the best subjects were chosen by the worst minstrels ; and then, again, it is to be remembered that the Muses are not easily induced ' to write to order,' and therefore they might in this case have withheld their choicest inspiration. One fact, however, which the recent competition esta blishes beyond doubt is that love of rhyming, if not of poetry, is certainly very extensively diffused in this colony, for whilst all England, Ireland, and Scotland could produce only six hundred versifiers to do honour to the memory of Burns, our small community has brought forward nearly a hundred bards in answer to the appeal of the Gawler Institute, 