HISTORY OF THE BENEFITS OF CHRISTIANITY. (Translated from the French for the Freeman's Journal.) Chapter IX. Christianity ransomed captives, introduced mili tary orders for the protection of travellers and pil grims, encouraged hospitality, and took caTe of those \- infected with the plague. ' This Te-union did not take place on the Thursday immediately following the last, M. Dainville heing prevented, on account of his numerous occupations, from visiting Madame Bonnin's. The young peo ple who had attended the discourses of the Doctor so assiduously, fearing that he did not relish instruct ing them, called upon him and begged him tore eume his lectures which had proved so interesting. M. Dainville promised and pledged his word that he would do as they desired. After a fortnight's interval they met once more together, and the Doctor commenced. The futther we go, said he, in the examination of the Benefits conferred by Christianity, the more we perceive the increase fn the number of excellent in stitutions' indebted to the charity of the Gospel. Every age pays tribute to its influence, and bears . testimony to the activity of the ministers of reli gion. I have alrekdy shewn you what Christianity has done for the abolition of slavery ; but it has not contented itself with attacking the principle, it has also applied itself to the ransom and liberation of the unfortunate slaves. During the third century, the Goths had made an irruption into the territories of the Roman Empire, and carried into captivity a great number of Christians. Pope Denis wrote to them in their misfortune, and exhorted them to sup port with resignation the rigours of their captivity, and ended by sending them a considerable sum of money to procure their ransom. History has moreover preserved a beautiful trait in the life of St. Ambrose, Archbishop of Milan, for in 372 he caused all the silver plate and orna ments of his church to be melted down, in order therewith to ransom the unfortunate beings who groaned in slavery under the Goths. In 390, St. Augustine imitated this good example, and dis posed likewise of his church ornaments to tend the chains of Christian captives. Some time after, a certain King of Persia having persecuied his Chris tian subjects, these unfortunate beings fled for refuge into the territory of the Roman Empire, whence the Persian monarch demanded they should be given up to him. The Romans refusing to do so, a war ensued in which the Romans were victo rious, and seven thousand slaves thereby restored to liberty. .Acacius, Bishop of Amis, thereupon ad dressed his clergy to the following effect: 'Our ' God hath need neither of plates nor cups, for He eats not neither does he drink. Hence, wherever the Church is in possession of costly jewellery or gold and silver vases, it hehoveth us to sell these same for the purpose of redeeming the captive soldier and preventing him from dying of hunger.' He immediately, therefore, gave orders to sell all the silver belonging to the Church, set about ran soming captives, and fed them until they were in a position' to gain their own livelihood. Deodatus, Bishop of Carthage, acted in a similar manner towards the slaves that the Tandals bore away with them to the borders of Africa after the pillage and sacking of Rome in 455. He lodged them in the churches and tended them with his own hands. The holy Bishop of Jaen, Peter Pascal, first devoted the greater portion of his revenue to ran'sorn^slaves. Afterwards, going to Turkey, he himself was reduced to slavery. His clergy, hear ing of his misfortune, clubbed together and sent a very large sum of money to procure his ransom ; but the holy man devoted the whole of it to the ransom of other slares whom he thought might be weak enough to apostacise, and himself remained in prison, where he at length obtained the palm of martyrdom in the year 1300. The laws of Junstinian sanctioned the selling of the sacred vessels of the chuiches for the liberation ofcaptives. St. Gregory the Great, the Council of Rlieims, held in 530, and several others in suc ceeding centuries, strenuously recommended this ransom of captives. But what was still more generous and noble, was the institution of the Order of the Holy Trinity, founded for the purpose of liberating the slaves who groaned in fetters among the infidels. St. John of Matha was the instrument made use of by Provi dence for this noble work. This man, born in Pro vence, after the middle of the twelfth century, upon celebrating his first mass, was inspired with the resolution of founding this admirable order. Asso ciating himself with St. Felix of Valois, a pious hermit who dwelt in a forest in the Diocese of Meaux, they both together drew up the rules of their institute, which they submitted to Pope Inno cent III. One cannot read without compassion these constitutions, so remarkable are they for austerity. The members of this Order were not permitted to eat anything hut vegetables and milk food, that they might thereby be enabled to dis tribute the more money to unfortunate captives. The King of France, Philip II., and other sover eigns, contributed large sums of money for the good ?which was propagated with great rapidity over work, France, Germany, and England. The members of the Order in Franco bore the name of Mathurians, because their house in Paris was situated close to a chapel dedicated to that saint. They were clothed in a white robe, over which they wore a ? brilliant red and blue cross. It is calculated that, in the space of four hundred years, this Order ransomed thirty thousand slaves, for several of whom it was necessary to pay enormous sums of money. Tint Order established itself also in America, and the religious women that belonged to it were found to rival the zeal of the other sex. In Spain, also, was established in the twelfth century nn institute called The Royal Military [and Religious Order of Our Lady of Mercy for the Re demption of Captives, founded by St. Peter Nolasco, a ? gentlemanofLanguedoc.inconcertwithSt. Raymond of Pennafort, his confessor. The King of Arragon declared himself the patron of the new order, and caused a magnificent convent to be built, in 1232. at Barcelona. Pope Gregory XI. approved of it in 1235\. This order, at its commencement, comprised knights whoso duty it was to guard the coasts against \- the incursions of the Saracens, and brothers who led o conventual life. It has been of the greatest service to the cause of humanity, and still exists in Spain and Sicily. AVe cannot forget too the order of Hospitallers of St. Antony, devoted to the relief of the sick who were attacked by the plague — that terrible malady which ravaged Europe during the eleventh and twelfth centuries. This order spread at this epoch in a singular manner, by reason of the touching care lavished by its members on the sick and infirm, and of tho hospitality shown to travellers. France- where it received birth, Germany, and Italy, counted a great many houses remarkable alike, for their riches, the persons of distinction that served in them, and tho numberless benefits bestowed by them. . Towards the end of the twefth century, there was another , institution formed in France, under the name of ' Hospitallers of the Holy Ghost,' for the relief of foundlings, and that of the poor and infirm. It is indebted to Guy, son of William Count de Monfpellier, who himself took the habit of the order, together with several other gentlemen. Pope Tnnocent III. approved of it, and caused a hospital to be established in Rome similar to the one at Monlpellier. One of the most celebrated houses of this order was that of Stephansfalden, three leagues from Strasbourg in Alsace, established and endowed by the Count de Werd. The Hos pitallers of the Holy Ghost wear a black robe, and a white cross on the left breast. Cardinal de Polignac was their last commander in France. The order of the Knights of St. John of Jeru salem, styled the Knights of Malta, is also one of the finest religious institutions of the middle ages. It owed its origin to certain Neapolitan merchants, who obtained leave of the Caliph of the Saracens tobuild a hospital at Jerusalem for themselves and for the pilgrims who visited the Holy Land. After the taking of Jerusalem by Godfrey of Bouillon, in 1099, this hospital received great privileges, and the knights, in recognition thereof, bound them selves by a solemn vow to defend the Christians against the insults of the Mussulmans. They became more than ever the bulwark of Christi anity when the Holy Land was taken from the faithful j and they protected the disci plSs of the Gospel in the seas of the Levant, by purging the Mediterranean of the pirates that infested it. The order of Templars was instituted by seven gentle men at Jerusalem, in 1118, to keep the roates secure for travellers, and protect the pilgrims who flocked to the tomb of Jesus Christ. Having degenerated, however, from its pristine splendour, the order was suppressed by the General Council of Vienna in 1312. The Order of Tlie Holy Sepulchre was established in 1120 for the purpose of protecting the holy sepul chre at Jerusalem. That of the Teutonic knights was also instituted in Palestine, at the siege of St. [John D'Acre, by certain German gentlemen, and had almost the same object or end as those that preceded it. These knights built the cities of Marienbourg, ' Thorn, Elbing, Dantzig, and Koenisbourg. The Orders of Alcintara, of Calatrava, of St. James of the Sword, in Spain, have rendered great services in combating the Moors, and protecting Christians against the incursion of the infidels. Formerly, through a barbarous custom, princes and private individuals who possessed landed pro perty along the sea coast used to seize upon the goods and the vessels that happ3ned by shipwreck to be cast ashore, in some cases carrying their in humanity so far as to reduce to slavery those whom they happened to find on these wrecks. This cus tom was general amongst pagans, as we find in the history of the Emperor Marcus Antoninus. When the Gospel however began to be preached, it soft ened the hardships of the shipwrecked. Epi phanius, bishop of Salamis, employed in 368 all his fortune in relieving in particular those who had lost their goods and property by shipwreck. Christian princes published edicts for their allevia tion, andcouneils.backedby the authorityof canon law excommunicated all who pillaged the shipwrecked. St. Edward and many other kings of England re commended kind treatment towards mariners of all nations that happened to be stranded on the coast. Richard I. published a law which ensured to the heirs of those that perished at sea all the property the latter had left after them. But as the efforts of princes were insufficient to obtain that success which they hoped for, by the laws ib favour of those who were shipwrecked, the popes, Gregory VII., Alex ander III., and Honorius IV., interposed their authority in so grave a matter, and a synod held in 1078 in the pontificate of Gregory VII. has the fol lowing : — ' Finding that there are persons set on by the devil to pillage those unfortunate persons whom it should be their duty to succour and console, we excommunicate every individual who makes any attempt either upon the person or the goods of those who are shipwrecked.' The Council of Nantes, in 1127, likewise con demned the practice of enriching the public treasury with what belonged to the shtpwr.ecked, and excom municated those who reduced to slavery such as had escaped the storm. Casiinir, King of Poland, published, in 1154, the following declaration : ' I, a Catholic prince, abhor this practice as cruel and unjust, and contrary to the laws of God as well as to the decree of the Pope ; I promise that neither I nor my dependents will demand the goods of those who are shipwrecked, but that we will preserve them whole to their owners or their nearest of kin ; or, if there aro no heirs or legitimate successors, then we will reserve them for ourselves.' St. Aubert, Bishop of Avranchej, in 709, built a beautiful church on a rock, called The Tomb, or the danger of the sea, in the angle formed by the coasts of Normandy and Brittany. This church, dedicated to the Archangel St. Michael, was served, in the first instance, by canons. Somewhat later, Richard I., Duke of Normandy, established there religious of the Order of St. Benedict, whose duty it was to run to the succour of mariners who were surprised by tempests. Here was the famous Abbey which took the name of Mount St. Michael, celebrated for the services which it has rendered in cases of shipwreck. Thus this rock, formerly so dreadful, became through the influence of religion an asylum of,piety, where all manner of consola tions were heaped upon the unfortunate sufferers who happened to be thrown upon this dangerous coast by the violence of the elements. This solici. tude of religion in flying to the distressed inspired the monks with the idea of lighting every night, during the winter months, a fire on the level of the rock, to serve as a guide toVesscls desirous of making the shore. You see, then, gentlemen, how, in this respect, Christian charity has shown her in genuity. Hospitality was, long ago, exercised even by the Pagans, but Christianity has made it a practical dutyj according to' the words of Jesus Christ which he will utter at the last judgment, ' I was a stringer and you took me in.' St. Peter and St. Paul both recommended this beautiful virtue in their epistles, and everyone knows with what touching cordiality the first Christians exercised it, not only towards the faithful but also towards the pagans. Ecclesiastical history records a fact worthy of mention here. In the army of Constantino the Great there wa3 a soldier named Pacomius, who, passing through the village of Thebes, and applying to the pagans, his co -religionists, for relief, was re pulsed by thcm.whilst the Christians received him with opun arms together with his companions, and lavished every care upon them. Touched with so much bounty Pacomius became a convert to Christianity. Saint Basil, BiBhop of Cesarea, in Cappadocia, in fluenced the inhabitants of thafcity to build a house for [the reception of strangers. Saint Chrysostom employed part of the revenues of his see to found hospitals, in each of which establishments he reserved one or more rooms for poor strangers. The holy Bishop Cerbonei received one day at his house a baud of soldiers who were passing by the episcopal city. Whilst he was attending them at table the Goths arrived unawares, upon which the Bishop con cealed his guests and thus saved their lives by this act of charity. These wild enemies of Catholicity, learning that Cerbonei had entertained these Roman soldiers, informed their King, Totila, of the fact, who thereupon condemned him to be devoured by a bear; but this animal, when brought into the presence of the bishop, not only did him no injury but licked his feet. The people applauded the con duct of the bear, and preserved the life of the pre late. Saint Gregory the Great relates this fact. Everyone knows with what tenderness the monas teries everywhere receive and lodge poor travellers. Charlemagne founded the hospital of Roncevaux, in a gorge of the Pyrenees, in the same spot where the famons chevalier Roland terminated bis military carper, wishing to eternize the remembrance of the exploits of this brave man in favour of the poor and of travellers. During the third century a violent pestilence ravaged the city of Alexandria, then the capital of Egypt. The moment the scourge made its ap pearance the Pagans fled the city, abandoning both their goods and their families in order to place themselves in a place of safety. On this sorrowful occasion was manifested the snperiority of the gospel morality over the principles of Paganism ; for the Christians, animated and sustained by the example of their bishop Saint Denis, not only re mained in the city, but took care of the infected, healed numbers of them, consoled the dying, closed their eyes, washed their bodies after death, and con signed them to the tomb. Death frequently surprised them in the midst of these acts of most heroic charity j others then took their places without any thing being able to discourage them or make them relax their zeal. It was a touching sight to see the holy intrepidity with which the disciples of the re ligion of Jesus Christ confronted danger and death, whilst the followers of the absurdities of idolatry exhibited the coldest insensibility. The same scourge raged also at Carthage, almost at the same epoch. Then it was that St. Cyprian sold all his possessions to distribute the produce amongst those who were attacked. Not content with remaining in the midst of his own flock, he employed all his eloquence in consoling those who had lost their parents and friends, exhorting them to submission to the will of God, to endure with Christian courage that terrible trial, and to help one another in diminishing the horrors of this cruel malady. His examples, his prayers, his firmness, and his pathetic exhortations, produced upon them such an effect that they visited the sick without distinction of religious creed, and elicited the admi ration of even the Pagans. Erom thenceforth it was easy to prove which religion was superior — that which inspired such devotedncss, or that which froze the soul and could provoke no feeling of compassion. Thus, Christianity not only raised man above himself in moments when the world was struck with astonishment, but inspired, still more, commisera tion for those unfortunates who were placed in a condition the most hopeless. Saint John of Portugal, in the year 1495, passed his youth in the turmoil of arms. One day, while listening to a sermon, he was so struck with the truths that he heard announced from the pulpit, that he manifested thereupon extraordinary signs of a change of life. The people looked upon him as one out of his wits,. and heaped upon him out rages and insults. They confined him in the hospital of the insane. Struck wit'i the peculiar lot of these unfortunate individuals, John bethought himself of means for alleviating their position. He opened his mind to his confesssor, who advised him to mature before the Lord the project he had in view of looking after, one day, the welfare of the insane. He soon after this traversed the streets of Granada, imploring the charity of the faithful, crying out with a loud voice, ' My brethren, assist in a good work for the love of God!' He then hired a house, in which he received the poor and the wretched who were abandoned in the streets. The care he took of these unfortunates made such a lively impression upon certain influential persons in Granada, that supplies poured in from every quarter. This establishment made such a rapid increase that it became in a short time one of the greatest and most celebrated hospitals in Europe. John served the sick night and day, swept out their rooms, made their beds, and dressed their most loathsome wounds. His charity was still further shown towards the poor of shameful life, towards the young girls whose virtue was in danger, and to others whom he has rescued from an abyss of crime. John fasted often, always walked barefoot and bareheaded, wore a torn garment, and practised the greatest austerities. Oftentimes he carried upon his shoulders the sick and the poor whom he encountered in the streets of the city. » His zeal in tending the insane is above all praise. And, in fine, what patience, what charity, must he not have had, to bear with the 'peculiarities and follies of those beings whom society reject* from her bosom, and who sometimes are crowded together like so many vile animals. Pope Pius V., in 1572, approved of the institute of the good brothers founded by the virtuous St. John of God. This order soon spread with aston ishing rapidity over the whole of Spain. Italy, Germany, Belgium, and America were the theatres of the charity of these men, whose entire lives were nothing else than one act of charity and kindness. In Spain they are styled Brothers of Hospitality, in Germany, Brothers of Charity. They serve the magnificent hospitals of Vienna and of Prague where are tended by their hands the sick of all na tions and all creeds without any distinction. It is impossible to visit, without feelings of compassion, these houses so renowned for the propriety and order that reign therein, where are found the Jew, the Protestant, the Greek, or the Bohemian, all receiving the like attention. In Italy, brothers of this Order are styled the do good Brothers, because when going to make the Quest, they pronounce these words in order to rouse the compassion of the faithful. S. Camillus de Lcllis immmortalised himself at Rome by similar labours to those which have ren dered illustrious the humble John of God in Spain. The Order founded by St. Thomas, of Villanova, Archbishop of Valencia, in Spain, rendered also immense services in the hospitals entrusted co the care of those virtuous females who form a portion thereof. I will conclude these considerations by some ob servations which escaped me in one of our last meetings, when I spoke of what Christianity had done to support and propagate the sciences. In naming to you the first class men of learning who had acquired so much glory by their sublime pro ductions, I forgot to cite those who, while engaged in labours of the most modest character, are not therefore the less useful to society. Hence the multitude of religious congregations directing the colleges of nearly all the cities of France as well as the schools of our villages anil hamlets. What services have not been rendered and are not now rendered to the schools by the priests of the Christian Doctriue founded by Cesar de Bus, by the Oratorians established in France by Cardinal de Bgrulle, and in Rome by St. Philip Neri ; the LazarisU, of whom the name alone of Vincent de Paul is sufficient to eli- , cit praise and renown, irrespective of other titles they have to our esteem { the missionaries of the Holy Sacrament, the priests of Calvary, the Snlpicians, the Eudists, the priests of Foreign Missions, priests of the Holy Ghost, the Brothers of the Christian Schools, to whom the Venerable John Baptist de la Salle served as director, and who are engaged in the instruction of youth, and whose efforts are attended with such daily increasing success. In addition to the congregations of men who devote themselves to the education and instruction of children in the city and country towns and villages, we must add these also of respectable females who are spread all over France and who are engaged in the fulfilment of these arduous duties, and the ac complishment of such auseful object. To mention the Ursulines.the sisters of Charity of Notre Dame, the sisters of the Cross, of Mercy, of Providence, of St. Genevieve, of St. Joseph, of St. Agnes, of St. Maur, of the.Good Shepperd, of St. Paul, of Christian Wisdom, of the Presentation, of St. Sophia, of Our Lady of Good Succour — to mention these I say, is to reveal to the world the roost sublime abnegation of self, cares, solicitudes, and labours of the most meritorious character. What do not the state, re ligion, society, and private families owe to these humble sisters t Oftentimes, with but a moderate salary, and with scarcely the necessaries oflife, these virtuous creatures still find in their poverty where with to give alms, to clothe the naked, and procure for poor children books, paper, and all that is needful for their instruction. After the curate, the sister of the school is the angel of the village. At a tender age she devotes herself to the painful task of removing ignorance from the minds of stupid children ; she re nounces marriage, she quits her friends to expose herself to the affronts, humiliations, and disgusts in separable from her holy profession. She is, at the same time, the friend, the consolation, the benefac tress of the village -where Providence happens to place her for the working of good. And what does she ask in return for her devotedness ? Tolerance on the part of mankind, that is all ; for heaven is her only recompense. What is there then more honourable and worthy of respect upon this earth than institutions like these where the first wish is to do good ? And what do you find in all antiquity to compare with these heroic Christians who are occupied incessantly in relieving humanity, and neglect their own comforts to lavish all their care upon others ? Who cannot recognise the power of that august religion which works all these wonders. Ah! Gentlemen, if you feel pleasure in listening to the recital of all these details which I have given you, I feel a still greater pleasure myself in recounting to you thehistoryof the benefits of Christianity. Still there is a regret that I cannot conceal from you, which is, that I find myself obliged to skim over a subject so fruitful and so consoling. The subject I have now developed to you at this meeting ought to occupy us for several sittings.so great are the charms it offers, whereas I have only rapidly glanced over a heap of facts through fear of trespassing on your time. The letter I have communicated will suffice however to convince you more and more that I do not exaggerate when I call religion the incomparable benefactress of the human race. 