On a former occasion we exposed the at tempted mystification of what could have boon made an exceedingly simple and concise clause in the Railway Loan Contract, by which our very patriotic and intelligent Mi nistry intend to transfer to the coffers of cer tain institutions a nice little insignificant sum of £140,000, to which they could not,, com mercially speaking, adduce the smallest shadow of a claim. Wo intend now to con tinue this subject, and to show how much tbe interests ofthe colonists havo been prejudiced by tho blundering ignorance (we are charita-. ble, and will not use a harder term than that) of those persons to whom they wero entrusted. The knowledge of their character, acquired at so much cost, may not in the end prove ex pensive ; for, as they havo unmistakeably proved that honor, tiuth, integrity and abi lity, are relative terms when applied to the toi disant 'statesmen' of Victoria, it will be their own fault, and nono other but their own, if the people of Victoria allow themselves to be deluded again by these men. Tho following calculations will show the relative advantages of the two proposals made for the loan : — Baeinq Bbotherb akd Go's. Agency — ' £ Sale of £7,000,000 debentures, al 105 per cent. ... ... ... . 7,350,000 ? £ ?? ?„ Commission, 1 per cent. 73,500 .? ' Broiera^e, j pec cent. 18,375 ? ? 91,875 7,258,125 Liquidation at Bar ... 7:000.000 Commission, J per cent. ... ... 85,000 ' Interest, fifteen yearj, nt F. per cent. ... 6,300,000 . Commission on pay ment of do , l .per cent. ... ... 63,000 One -half per cent, for exchange on remit- ' .?...! ' tan- e for dividends, £6,363,000, .. 81,815 ? ,-13,420,815 Or £5 17s 6d per cent. ' per annum ... 6,171,690 Barks — Sale of £7,000,000 deben tures at 105 percent. 7,350,000 £ Commission,! percent. 73,500 Brokerage, £ per cent. 18,375 Exchange, $ per cent. 36,750 Four months' interest under the 3rd clause in the contract ... 147,000 ? 275,625 £7,074,375 Liquidation of debentures 7,000,000 Commission, J ner cent. 17.500 Interest, 15 years, at G per cent. ... G, 300,000 Commission on do at {1 percent. ... 31,500 ? 13,319,000 Or £5 19s 5d percent, per annum £6,274,625 Baring's was £5 17s 6d percent, per do, or 6,171,090 £102,935 Sho'wing a positive and absolute Ions against the. accepted proposal of -£102,935 ? but let it not be thought that this comprises the entire loss to which the colony has been and will con tinue to be subjected by tho temerity and ignorance of those expert financiers. The calculation based upon Messrs. Baring and Co.'s proposal adopts their ultra extravagant charges ; but that these could have beea re duced, we do not entertain a doubt, had proper steps been taken to accomplish it; ?»r failing that, there aro several houses in .London whoso means were as ample, whose character was as established, and whose ca p abilities were as effective, a3 those of the icfore-named house, that would willingly ?iave undertaken tho agency upon tho same ratPj of commission as that paid to tbe Banks. An amount of £31,815, charged to the debit of the first calculation for a saving in the rate of exchange 011 the drafts supplied by t.heUank3, is more problematical than Teai, ;and ought not, strictly speaking, to be included in the account. We have not included brokerage on liquidation, ?for we leavo it to (ho Attorn ey-Genera'l and : men of his calibre and great , experieu ce,- to '?talk about paying brokerage on the liquida tion of tho loan, seeing that he has bar thened his calculations with .£17,500 fOrthat y.urpose. Here is, perhaps, . another attempt :\l , mysti fication, to push that amount into the bank coffers. The public, at least tho reflectfo.g portion of it, feel naturally annoyed and in dignant at tho gross mismanagement of the loan, the sacrifice of their means, and tho r- a.lo of their debentures at a price which leaveaii miserable premiup j of only £1 8s 5d per ci -nt. In a calcula'.ion made by Mr Baiiuett and pub lished by us a few days since, that gentleman I made the premium half per cent, more than we d 0 ; but it seems tho telegr. im from Ade laid 0 was tho cause of the differc nco, tho accu ral' dated interest being stated at three months stead of four. The public de caand full and ? iv.pnca lmorrnauon wny tnoir 1 locurmes uoia [ 'u ch a humiliating position — no fc on tho Stock R cchange for they have been ex ;l-jded thence, br it among the outsiders in. 'ihe London w arket. Let us now attempt a solution of this rays :ry and explain the various cius-os that have 3 ffected the value of these deben'ture3. ? The J principal cause was the status itfid character, or rather the want of aa appro 7od character, of the agents to whom tho disposal of them j v/as entrusted. Without exception, there is I -jota body of men in any city iai the world, j who liavo been more pluadered and j victimised by unprincipled : adventurers I than the members of the Stocl c Exchange, 'feud consequently there is a-t. times an linduo amount of caution and hesitancy in dealing with peoplo,. who havo not ac quired a character among them, and who do not in the fullest degree possess their con fidence. There Js a class, and Barinq Bro thers are included iu it, who havo esta blished a reputation upon the'; Stock Ex change, and who3e connection with a loan gives it an additional value of fully 3 per cent. Wo speak advisedly when wo assert this, and wo estimate our los3 by not em ploying them, ,or some other well established houso, at £200,000 upon, the whole loan. Why, then, seeing that the expenses tfould havd been the same, have we not secured the services of a firm with an established cha racter, and some considerable influence with the anticipated buyers of our debentures i . ' . The. vary document by which the agency was conferred' upon tile bankB, would also' have prejudiced the value of the debentures. It must be noticed that on going to England' to negociatq a loan of any magnitude, the Stock Exchange 'is generally first applied to, and tho application is made to a very dif ferent class of men to tho former constituents of Mr O'Shanassy, or the intelligent and capable clients of Mr Miller ; it is mado to experienced and intelligent men, accustomed to examine very attentively the social, moral and pecuniary condition of the country desirous of negociating the loan, and who scan with a scrutinizing eye, and dis trusting mind, all t,ho statements which are submitted to them. What conclusion could they arrive at, after a careful perusal of that contract, but that our honest and patriotic Government, while acting for the colonists, while discharging ono of the most sacred duties that could be imposed upon them, were surreptitiously placing in their own pockets a large sum of' money t» which they possessed not the ghost of a right. What opinions would they form of our morality and honor, when even the elite, the few selected by' the masses to govern, wero exert ing all their ingenuity to 'make the country bleed in every vein, to sacrince their charac ters as men, their reputation as statesmen, and their position as honorable members of society, for tho purpose of putting a few thousand pounds indirectly into their own pockets (as it would, seem to those who looked into it). Thus has our reputation suffered by'tbe want of principle iu our rulers. But knowing tho antecedents of some oi them, we wero not without apprehension that a gross job would be perpotrated, and consequently were not surprised in October ltst'at receiving from an intelligent aud in fluential gentleman in London, who lias been long connected with the colony, the following information : — 'Before tho public here take to the Victorian Debentures freely, your Go vernment has to establish a character for strict principle, and for perfectly knowing what they are about.' Another cause, perhaps, was a conclusion arrived at . by those exf erienced and intelli gent members of the Stock Exchange, after giving our social, moral, and financial condi tion due consideration, that we wero entoring upon costly and extensive works these were faithfully economised, which which would not only prove unremunera tive, but would eventually plunge us, financially, into inextricable confusion. Thoy could not fail to observe that the onward progress of the colony was impeded by class legislation, and that we havo the most illegal and tyrannous monopolies crushing the pros perity of the people. How far the doubts of these railways becoming remunerative are confirmed by the result that has attended tho opening of the line to Sunbury, lot the reader decide from tho following calculations : — 4 The Lino from Williamstown to Mel. bourne has coBt above ... ... 650,000 The Keilor contract, do, do ... 300,000 The Sunbury do, do, do ... 400,000 1,350,000 One week's interest at 6 per cent, on this unm ... ... 1,577 \- The average gross revo nuc has been ... £1,379 Working expenses, tak ing into account tha superabundant staff, ' - cannot be less tsau 80 ptr cent. ... ... 1,103 ? . 276 £ 1,281 Leating a weekly loss of £1,281, or £56,000 in round figures per annum. This cer tainly is not ? an auspicious com mencement, or one that promises favor ably for the . future. Does not this prove the soundness of tbo opinions contained in the report of the Select Committee of the Council, brought up by Henry Miller 1 An explanation will be one day demanded'of him; he.will.be asked what caused the extraordi nary change in his opinion, and wo hesitate not. to aflirm, that with all his sophistry and jesuitism, he will find it a difficult task to render one that will prove satisfactory to the colony at large; ? Another cau.so doubtless exists- in the thoughtless blundering way in which the diffi culty with, tho Geelong Jteil way Company h is been permitted to 'assume .its present magnitude. Was there not among the very numerous and highly-paid officers of the Go vernment, one of sufficient intelligence, busi ness capacity, and application to his dutie3, to obviate this difficulty 1 ? Does not the nar-^ rative of this .transaction exhibit a gross amount -of mismanagement aud neglect of business, unparalleled in even colonial his tory 1 And when these people perceive the muddling of small affairs, are they not reason able in suspecting we can manage great ones 110 better] .This question merely involves the payment of £17,500 for a few years, and as that could not be properly attended to, they ask, what may wo expect will result from £7,000,000 being placed at the disposal of tlie Government to make ducks and drakes ofl Much has been said by the Government apolo gists of the terrible opposition made to tho sale, of .the debentures by Mr Potter and tho small clique represented by him. Who is this Mr Potter ? Surely he must be some ex traordinary champion, to have so effectually annihilated tho mass of influence that we were told these Bank . agents possessed. Let us hear no more about the injury done our credit by any act of Mr Potter ; or the mighty influence of our agents, who pretend that they could not obtain an insertion for their explanations in the leading jourpalj for tho people of England would not have passed an irrevocable judgment upon a colony for neglecting to pay a disputed £17,500 per aun.uin ; but they would havo' bien unanimous in their , condemnation of tho imbecility and negligence of its Ministers for allowing tfie dispute to arise , and thin letting it remain so long unsettled. It now transpires ' on authority,' that Mr O'Shanassy, con scious that ho had got into a muddle, trti.ilf d to the effect of his ' revised spe- ch' upon tho Times, Stock Exchange, aud capitalists of Europe to set the matter right 1 Did over ignorant egotism carry a man further 1 -The Times might thunder away against tho blun ders of the Victorian Government, juid tho. entire British press might bo against thgpi ; ' ' but what of that 1 Tbey would all be over whelmed by Mr O'Shan assy's. speech I It i» a joke only inferior to tho 'screecbor ' in th« Walertoaft Gazelle, and its anticipated effect upon that 'crjttur' Queen Victoria 1 ? We have thus enumerated a few of the causes that wero calculated to, and no doubt did, influence] the sale of debentures iu Eng land, viz., — the selection cf the agents ; tha jobbery erident upon tho face of the contract ; tho opinion that we were embarking in an undertaking which neither our resources, ncr tho social condition of the colony justified, and which is confirmed by tbe failuro of tho development of the system, so far as com pleted j and lastly, tho want of rrally ab!e and experienced men in office, to prevent th« Government from committing such egregious errors as thoy did in reference to tbo Goelong Railway Company. 