THE A US TRA LIAS < CHA M J? ION S}VEEPSA TICES. Bells Life in Victoria, ol.Saturday last, con'n'nH/lt . lol II'WÏMR tipiritHti «UHinury ?. nnd prophecy," from " VOLTI tn:tm,"on Hie granfch impíon r«oi thai ojtntj» off uu tilt Melbourne course .to-rnqr-otf : Aooording to my pronil»c mudo a 'the timo of tho nnmlnntlmi r.ir thia (Treat.race-that I would give your renders a " full, true and particular account" of, tho candidatos for tho championship und than offer my assistance In norming the winner-I now o.iim to limo for tho Inst rniiud,and'limro rn» .' friends and backer*' to dooido whether I h uro fought my P'ovlous'fvmUy.f.iiir willi iiny credit to myaolf. and whotlier they have derived any nalUfac lion In willi ming timm ,1 must fain admit thal-Mino I «-o ot three were vory burral»ss, but.Hu moro than ono iicou'alnn I wai regularly, knocked out of time, «nd lt waa only thrmnrh thu vnlitnhle assistance of my seoonds thin. I manaited to get through1-tho. round - at nil; ' Hut to'my pre«ent purpose In simply rooording what I bivo seen, thorn, is hut litllu dliBaulty : hut when one uko* lt upon himself to look inlo the future, be inours a responsibility moro enslly noi-eptiul than discharged. Two mouths «loee, I onnslderrd lt SK to 1 that anything like a sooro would accept, and I wss moat u«reeui Iv disappointed ott Monday.oy-nlng, to Bod that twnntv-onn had ?nalll up tho second flfiy.- Of lb« nnn-aooepuuM. I think that Wnit-a-wliilo was tho only horse that h id a chance; though Tri. color, lr lit, would h.ivo gonn atong ut a marry pace fora connie of miles.and lilaak Ross would not. have bo«n vcr» far in tho roar, at tho samo dlitanco. Wait-a-whl u's complaint ls the namo that overtook,him at Ballaarat; Hie exact milady of the maree I know, not, bat I heard lt whispured so mn time ago that Tricolor was to pay a visit to Ramon rark nhortlv, and I thougbt then tbut that did not look muob like going for the Champion Sweep! «akas. Howovor, I need out take up y.lur armco und Ibo time ef your roadera by referring to the piiat; mv present IIUHI oss la to aoan over tho merit» of Hie remaining twenty one, and liv pnttlnn this and that togHthor, to como lo something like a conclu-don as to who in to prove himself the champion in the furtbaoraliiu grand struggle I propuso, io tho first placo, to review the most important per. formanoes ortho oompatlug nags, and nhall open tho hall with tho first favmrilo. Slr ,p, who alnae tho .beginning of '6S has novoroneo boon beaton, although he has Keen ,-ppnn -d at all dla. lances, and at all weights, by the bent botte* in New Zea'aud, and if not tho best,.those ortho next divinion, nf New South Wales In MB great raoe with Potentate, tho two rattled away from end to ond, and lit lim dulah thero was not a longih between thom plainly proving that Strop's gamoneas and constancy are unques- tionable, and tbe.fnot of having run tho throe , milei nnder Hist, "lb. weight in 5 minutes fi3 sooonds ls a prettv good argument In favour .of his speed and welglit-oarrying powers. But lt woe In tho Australian Jockey,Club Handicap, ut.the. lalo Homebuilt mooting, that ho aohlevod his groat vlotory. defeating Jonotban Wild, to whom hu coiled twonty-flve pounds, by a length; >n Vono and Emperor by four, tho former with Un advantage or nine notinds,..';atid the-i latter of thirteen. Strop 1« now In tip-top condition, with legs under him that - can ?tandi -any.amount-.of,', galloping and a, . consti- tution tl;at is not, likely to bo affected by tba caprines or the olerk or the weather. I oxpnot to aoo George Cutts entruned with the mount, and from hie previous successos I havo ovory roason to hitltnvfi f hst ihn ImmA will hn tn Dn,"l Inn,). , ! Tho next on tho Hat la 8allor, about whom thor« appears to exista groat difTeronco ,of opinion-one section assarting, that bnt Tor the money behind him ho would ba at SM to I ; whilst bl« frlonds oontond that his paco has never yoi been ont. to the test, and that If not tho best of ilia bunnh, a most danserons rival, as tho rosultofnoxt Saturday will provo, ri. nm one of tho latter sahool.and consiilrr lhathla.vloiorv.ovor Io.In tho Homebush I Malden,'and over Potontato lu tho Publloans' Pu'so, fullv entitle him tn a high.position In publia estimation. It may bo truo that Io got a bad start In tho Maiden. I'late, but when she collara! Sailor elm could not koop with him, and bo won at last with comparativo oase. And in Ids race , with Potentate, ls it not" as likely that he broke down at. tho flnlBh In consequonoo of tho severity of tho paoo nll tho way, as that .ho carno to.grlof ut tho start, and so, lost tho Taco ? Icon, sldor Sailor a roost dangorous oust'mer; bo ls in splondld form, haabeon'baakod by his owner more than anyother horse]» thnrace and IfJohnuy Cutts, who I behove has boon engaged to rldo him, bo tito .expert jookoy he ia said to bo, the Habt alua jacket .and whlto oap wont bo very far behind ut tho conclusion ortho battle of ".'lemington. ., . . . , , .' : Next conies tho qneon of tho south, Zoo, whoso great triumphs aWay from hor native ellme were, winning tho Australian Jookoy Club Handicap nt tho Homobusb. mooting of 'M¡ aodharaabso. qnont victories at Maitland; but I must not forgot that Oralia boat hor at Mvorponl tho first timo she ran.in Now South Walos, and that In the All-Agn Stakes, nt Windsor, she lind to siiooumb to lion Holt, Gratis, and Lnurlstina, . I have no faith whstevor io tho rumours of hor haring gano amiss In hor training ¡ on tho apntrar), I behove elie ls as strong as over on her pins, and as to her condition it would bo a difficult nullor to Improve lt. Uer 'party aro very swed on hor at prosont, and look upon tho raoo as all ovor, barring on accident,' f I now como to the redoubtable grey, Flatastohnr, whose nu- merous victories In this colony, and thorough gamanosa on all .occasions, havo placed him In his present position, that of bast favourite) ol tho Victorian competitors. FUtcatobor's-dneds as a three.yr old have seldom boen aqiinlled and nnvor oxoollod in this oolony, mid hi« performances at tba last Novembor meeting ware on a par with hie exertions of tho previous yoar.i In tho Violarlo Plato ho heal Wooilpookor and Alloo Hawthorn with tho Krosiest oaso, and fha third day ran a dasparato rage ht the' big nudloan, having boon " gone at" byall tho host liprso-s tn lt. During his nniirn oaroor, In which he has oonloatod ton -rases 'against thu host lioraos In tim land, ha han. only .been boston twice, aui-trten.Avhou evidently out or aoudltton : and oren when lin did sufTnr dofnnt~in tho two handloaps of tho last Jockey Club Sptlng Meeting he waa giving pounds away to every horso lo tho race. I Imllevo at prosent he in In exqollent form, and. If I mlstnko not, wi .I bo ridden by ono nf our bahX'aud . most expo rlonood tocliovs, but as I am not oortain an this point, Jf forbear lo mention his nama. 1 ? ? 1 "..'...'. ? Next tn> Flatoateher' stntids tho Moor; and wera it ri lt for.hts paiir/innt for bolling, I vonturo to assert that, instead'or being tl Wi on tho list, by» would1 at any rate bo'séoond, .Ali to bia snood thora onn bo but Utile douM; tn nit, lila bolting oiTtbo Course nt nurrumbeet, and' saving' lil« distance lifter losing nearly half a taila-his oultlñg down* tile field Itrtbe Tallaronp Handicap, dn . though (hoy had' r-non' smldonly potrKlad-and, though last, not Inast, hlsbvorhaullittf Alloa Hatvtliorn Ih'Uio lastTurf CluliCop, ' ''' t ' "' : "' 1 " ' ' % ? although nearly a dleleoo« in the rear when (ha. ni*a am sst* r -lnanjr yír.ia more «ban half a rollo from lloma.' A» to bi« belting, . I (li inly belie» tbat not a alga af it will be «bean if ba be riddaB i by a man thoroughly na-d to bira, and I bare beard llt-ntley ear, I I hat whenever the Moor «lid contemplóte a bolt lie alway« anm timely »um'ujf. Heia .oneof tho Ver}' few horses who can Coen aihlaba«! parBfromifltart to iltiiab in u three milo race, arid If ha uou only getaway withih».load,he will require animinenae amount of catching. He bu» been traini-d hy ' ox, whose anccoas with Woodpecker, Fl j lug Jill, und others from that atáblela wall known, and be will be steered by Lang, one of the moat deter, mined und skilful rldpraIn the co'ony. ' Quickstep, tbo obs-i.pion mare or Tasmania, next command* my attention, and oi her it «ill bc almoat rnoucb to elate, tbat during the who'u of thc lost racing aoeson in Tasmania, she was not nnoe na'led upon tn exert herself, every nice Rho rim being secured with thtfgreutest case. Tile best horse oho mot waa Cumul Jand_ in tliMr match for Ibo ch inp! iiahlp of Tasmania, tba latter hadn't ii ghost of a cbuoce from the Jump. Titi* grand, daughter of Tonchslono and Cotherstone Is aleo lu splendid form, und ber light, buovont at#*p stnmp'i her at once aa amara of tim very first rank. She wl'l be rirhb-n by C ok, who bas.beets her aide de.camp thrnugbont her entire campaign. And new for lira old grey mare, Allco Hawthorn, than- wbnra ar gamer never stripped upon any course, and who, when flt, i» « ways nu .unwelcome rirul nt three miles". Dur'ng her career ? she baa won more tliren-mlle races thnn any horse of ber , tima; but T um bound to admit that sho waa easily beaten by 1 Wno in their great nmtch for tho championship, and shehnsalao fluTerod defeat from Crockford, Tomboy, and Tho Moor..'As to C rook ford's victory nvor her. I believe it wns the result of want of condition ; bnt ¡rabo were as flt as all tho training ¡lithe world could mako her, sbo would always be beaten 1»»- Tomboy, of "auld lung eyne." or 1 ho Moor, provided the Inlier did bia boat. I am not one of those who believe Alice Hawthorn a alow maro : auch a theory being upsot by ber performance in the Oran i Stand Slake ni'tho Turf Clnb Spring Meeting of/iH, when alie ran two milos with casein 3 m. ,10 B., and mude a sorry example of Gratia ?ind tho mat. Dut ber fastest race wits at the previous Melbourne mooting in tho Australian Sweepstakes, when, with Hist. Sib; OB her, »be was wltbin linlf a length of Woodpecker, who did tb» jocrney in A min. ,V> sro , or at the rate of three miles lo S min. ôi'seo. It may be urged that abe cnnld nm bave run ibo .last hair milo at the sumo pace ¡but I am of a different onlni'B, and believo abo can always :fiulsli at the same pace as she com. . menced. I »aw the mare the other day. and to ntv taste she novcr looked hotter, and will ho a very dltFtreut animal; whon she comas tn the post next Saturday, from what abe was two yeera ago. She will be ridden by Higgcrson, who. I believo, doea noe despair of tba result. ' Eighth on tho 1st stands Io, a full sinter of Zoe. This mare has ruu three times in publ o, and on all Oceanians has bee«, beaten; bot her present position in tho betting Ia tn be ac- counted for by tho fuel of ber being a «labio companion of Strop, and, neenrdinp to report, os good us hn at the distance.'' Miss Uowo. likewise of tho samo stable, Is, to my way of thiSx* lng, a mar» of unothor colour ; her victories have been mimer* oua and Important, and her onay win in tho City Plata at. Homo, bush must make her awkward In1 the beat ol company. .'Floth' ehe mid Io aro In tip-top fettle,-and I hare hoard Mr. Kellwood more than once nay, tbat Strop never won s moo th.it sba ooold aol bavo appropi lated more easily. ' Phmbn, another of the Kew Zealand mares, bas nevoryot atruok the colours nf a good horse, but lins been beaten in turn by Che- valier, Mian Uowo, Strop, and Potentate, and ber only triumph* have boen over outsiders in tho Trial and Scurry Stakes. - Blt I Mr. Duppu mu t have a belier opinion ni ber than her publie running would juatiry bim, or he would not have brought tiorrmm New Zoahind to contend against tho beat horses, in tba colonies. . Snell. I am informell, has been retained to ride har and I barn no doubt but that he will make the most of his moQnt. Slr Horcnlos. on» of tb» Tasmanian Importation, com?* next, and, but mr lils propensity to holt, would bea bettor fovoii'ile. I don't consider his running so badly In Molbourne, two yoara ago, nnv criterion of bis present equabilities, as th« horse wa* Iben notoriously ou'of condition. Of late he hos always baea Hint to catch tho judge's oyo, suv» und exoopt when the bolling, flt overtook him, and bia easy victory over Camel in their : great matchmunt not he overlooked. No horse In tba raeo ia in better condition thnn Slr Hercules, amt under, tho control nf 8am tValdook.whn has boon rela'ned as counsel, will ru* a good horse ir lie but follow a straight path. Flying Book lias novar shown In public anv grant turn nf speed, bul I believe fl.mly timi ho Ia a regular stroker, and tbst hi» present condition will anuble him to do all he knowe on the great day. Reportnnnvs that ba had II three-mile gallop the other dar., -iud that h .ving been rattled along (br the dru mlle and a hair ut full speod, was limed in the aeoond, and I hut 3 minutée Ö* seanuds was the figure. s . Of Fljlng Jib I.tunrtaln the highest opinion, and were tb» race two milos instead of three, I would stand all loan afford te lose on this cn I. His running as a two-year old waa quite of the first olcsí, and I very muon regiot that untoward minis should have shut him nut of the forthcoming Melbourne meetlngs^Nona huta first rate tlirco-year-old could win u three mlle' ra e.-Ia. Huoh oompany, nt this limo or tho year; tho inst.'half; mile must tell upon their youth and inexperienoo ; but if.,thu race de fall to one of that yonr, lt must ba to one of tho very first rank. ' Flying JHi baa hod the advantage nf being well fed in his vnnnf . days, und one of his family. Tomboy, bas already shown himself of sufficient quality tn go thu distunes. The weight'he ls a> thorough master of, and I km w him to be aa flt aa when be wost ilia Sap IngB twelve months ago Praxiteles is a strong powerfnl horse nf good family, and hts winning tho T. C. Maldon Plate, and Artillery Hundioap, augur well of his future. In tho latter race be beat a very fair field,' and rnn n milo und ahnlf with Hst. 41b. on him In 8 rain. S3 seo. ? Camel, ono of the Tasmanian lot. bsa only-beaton second raters, and was unsuccessful in his two-mile mntch with Slr Hercule*, und ihroo.niile match with Quieksten.' He will bo rid- den by Hill, who bas had ohargo of bim Biuee his arrival in thia colony. . Tomboy, were he the horse of days gonn by, wanbi be s des- perate foi) for this raoa, bnt tho faH of bis having twlon brokoa down renders it almost impassible to give him the nt-csssary work. He is being trained en tho Caulfield course tba sort turf of whlou exnolly suits him, bul I cannot help thinking that he onn never stand a aovero three-mile gallop. He will he ridden bv Monaghan, whn has bean with him einae his arrival In iowa, and than whom ihirn ls no j'Okey in the colony that I would ralhor see win this lace. Qulx-tbe-tt'lnd. Uko Tomboy; is a horse of the past . be ran twa good raons with Bose of Afay, bul Ibero must have been a soresr 1 lose sotnawliare or he never wonld hnva retirad from tho turf at four years old ; raoraovor. after spending two yonrs ss ^covering horse, I can hardly understand his owner payiug up the second, fifty on him, and if I mny judge from uppoarancea, he nover caa curry inst 4lh three miles. Nutwlth ia a good horse In inferior oompany, but I canna fancy hi« hoing oblo lo liva with Ibo class of animals lin will have ihn honour of associating with in the Champion Swe palsltea, though ho will havo tho advantage af being piloted by Bentley. Swordsman is yat a malden, but he must havo shewn himsolf. a.heller horse In nrivnto ilion the betting world consider bim, ? or his ownor would nnvor have gone to tho expense of training .and entering him fer n chumpion lace, I tiaro no doubt bat; : i lint be will come tu the post,'and I hoar he is to bs steered by Neap. A - Tho tlaibor proved himself, a good stout, horan In Pondi Ant- itrade, bul whatever chance ne may have had previous lo being wre ked ni list bo wonderfully lessoned now ; ho is In bettor trim, than oould bo expeoted, e-insl lorlng ell the halr.breadth 'senpoa hu bas passed through, but 1 fonr that bia position at the finios, will ho nearer tho ronr than thn fo.-o. ... Tba 'est nf tho Iwonty-one ls Zíngara, but this mars hos nevar recovered her severn raen willi Lnitrlstluu at Liverpool, and hor dead heal with Uralla ut Homebush. Having briefly reviewed tho merits of th» various candidates, I shall prooeed to piok the host. In my opinion, from oâoh colony, and ahull oomruonoo business with the Victorian team, viz , Th» Moor, Flatcatoher, Aline Hawthorn, Flying Jib, Flying Duck, Pnixlllles, Tomboy, Qiitz.llie-Wliid. and Nutwlth. Of those. Nutwllh ls too slow; QuIa-tho-WInd in of the name school, mil. moreover cannot curry the weight; and Tomboy must break.' ' down if over he como to the post. Of the tb.ee your-olds I have already given my reason for not trusting to them ; though if tho mon should he slow, Flying Jib oould bo very close up at tho finish. If mannt; anet if The Moor take it into his head tn sulk at tho start, I expocl to soo tho Jib do Ilia best to win. Alice Hawthorn will lie amongst tho first biilf-dozon, but I am afraid elie is not good enough lo win. Praxililas will run a-good horse for two miles, but I have yet to learn that ho can go throe. Of the remaining iwatu. If I were certain that Flatcatoher would ooma to the post quite lit, I should ba puzzled to deolde whether to Invest on him ur Tho Moor, bul as t feel confident that lbs latter will bo all thore, and ns t havo nnvor seun l'laloutoher run a tbrnn- mile raes, t-xaopt amongst outsiders at Talluroop, I ahull stand on tho blaolt 'u i. Of tho New Zealanders, unless Strop be the winner, I ara very muol? afraid that Hint colony will not carry tho day, not-' withstanding all Hint may be mild of the wondorful oanubllllloa ofMlss Ilown and To. Miss Kowa has proved herself a good ' maro, but I seo no reason tn bollove that alie can boat . ellhor Tho Moor or Flatoateher. Of the Tasmanian quartotte, I hnve no Uno to goby: Camel I won't have at any - , prlae, and as I prefer a horse Unit bas nlraady showu himself able to go threo miles, I must Include Swordsman amongst tho hone less division. Quickstep and Slr llórenlos, I believe, are tho- rough good 'un«, and whlchevor ls tho better of this twain, I , believe will bo amongst tho first rank. As Cook selects to rid» tho maro, I am Inalined to bollove that her ahanoa'is considered ., the bettor, bnt I roust not forgot that Cook was once vory seri- ously burt through tho balling propensities of Slr Horau|ea. and ss he la now In tho " sore and yellow leaf," ha nilly not care foi- a repetition of his former mishap. Souita' , Anr»tr»lla hos but s poor chanco, anti I shall bo muon. . ? astonished If Tho llnrbnr ia not all but distanced. Now, 2 ' South Waloa will bo lon tn Zoo and Sailor, as I bollnva that Zíngara will not start irZooonmeto tho acratoh. My aoloo- i . tlon'la now'c iiflnod to the following six-Tho Moor, atroph ;.? Quickstep, Slr IIorouloB, Zoo, and Sailor, nnd from them I must , . admit I dod Ila hard mutter tn spot tho veritable champion. Sailor may (Ind the journey n little too muoh for him, Zoo may - ''ear 'a- breakdown, Ouiokslop may not Uko lost, llb, and Sir ¡ Hnroidea won't like tho crowd. 1 ara thus loft to ohooao hotwsen.. .,, ' Tho Moor and Strop, and notwithstanding tho groat name that tho latter ha» obtained, I shall pin my faith to Tho Moor, who, t oxpoct, will romain In about tho third plaoo the Drat time round, ' will go to the foro at tho ente, and will novor after be headed., Strop will flnouro second honours, Flatcatoher will bo third, and ' Sailor, Zoo, Quickstep, Alice Hawthorne, and Sir Hercules will ]ba well up.. . ,, , . t j : .' I -, ' ' ,. inc HETTINO. - Our tplenrnrrm hiwo, given tho littest nipoot of the)',. 'bettirjg. Tho, following ls from last Mot day's Ar gut, th* .. latent Molbourne paper reooivad :- . *r,.') At tho Union Subscription Room on Saturday a tolerable num.- . bor or bets worn laid. Strop still oscillates between 4 and 5 to 1. tho Bllghtost advanoe over the lattor quotation being enapped at. , Zoo la second favourite, and now stände nt 0 to 1, taken and of. 'fared, The following bots wer* made in tho room:-SOO to ICO) . against Mr. Redwood a lot and Zoo ; SOU to loo against Mr. lied- . wood's lot I'CbO to 40 against Miss Rowe ; Mo to 10 against Qulolr. 'atop - 10» to o against Camel ¡ 100 to li against Zoo; and loo to 8 - .'against Tho Harbor. j From various rollnbto souroos wo ore enabled to give tho fol. lowing tublo, as noarly representing the slats of tb« odds : I , 4 to 1 Strop,'taken ami off 1 ' 0 to 1 Zoo, 100 to 13 would be taken i R to I Tho Moor, taken i S to 1 Fotoatelier, taken and off ' IO to 1 Io, taken ? 100 to fl Mlas Röwo, token I Idfl to 8 Qulokatop, takou i 100 los Alice Hawthorn loo to n sir lloroitloa . t . ion to 0 Flying Jib, taken ' . 100too Flying Duck,taktn 100 to S Camel, takou BS to 1 Tomboy, token and oil M to 1 Tho rtarbor, takon sn to 1 Swordsman, takon I ; . AO to l Zingari. , . Phrobo he« hardly boon mentioned,'but to lu 1 "«oula be oa'itorly taken. An offer from an influential and well-informed oilartorto baok Alica Hawthorn for a larg» «nm of monoy at 100 to'fl mot with noreaponao. Bwordaman.wo understand,han been bricked vary quietly at long aboU to win a considerable «taite. , MAX LOST.-An oldorly mon namod llobort Malone, in tho' om. ntoyment of T. \V. Hammond, Esq., of Junoo, loft thal station ot» tho 31th of August, and about «Ix day» afterwards routined to . I,olloh'a waterhole for his dog«, whore ha woy (oat aeon. Illa horaa wan fottndTwo mlle« noaror thin town, and lt Wns eight day» . afterwards bororo Malone wa« known to'bo lost and a «carob lnllltuted. Blnoo then ovory effort baa been mada to 'lind aoipa trace of tho unrortnnato mau, btu without succor,;, and, ta ba had been drlnklng.ftnd I« supposed to|havo hoon labouring lindar ? ,j,;,,;"", <r-»i,ui. Ihoro In too muoh reason to faur that ho lita : ( porlaliou lu tha tuili. ». -Vagg* Wagt a K*^rM», 8entolabt>r 9V. . i 