MR. BRIGHT'S SPEECH ON PARLIAMEN TARY REFORM AT BIRMINGHAM. John Bright, Esq., M.P., on rising, was received with loud and prolonged cheers. He said :— It is now nearly three years since I was able to stand upon any public platform to address any public meeting of my countrymen, and during that period of three years I have passed through a new and great experience. From apparent health I have been brought down to a condition of weakness exceeding the weakness of a little child, in which I could neither, read, write, or converse for more than a few moments, without distress and without peril; and from that condi wuw *rj ub^tkbuu uiJ\\- «3 iv ui; nil j/ui uiiljliuiu U VtJJl IU111V — self, 1 have been restored to the comparative health in which you now behold me. (Applause.) He then referred to his opinion on the Russian war, as expressed by him in the Commons in 185/1; and vindicated his views on the ground of unequal ad vantage compared with the immediate taxation, £300,000,000, and lives of three hundred thousand men were the points of consideration, and were such as to entitle the man who had done combat for them to some moderate amount of toleration. Mr. Bright then went on to say— I shall take this oppor tunity of discussing — of laying before this meeting, as far as 1 am able, with brevity and distinctness— what I think we ought to aim at at this moment, when the great question of Parliamentary Reform is before the country (cheers). I think we may fairly say that the question of Parliamentary Re-, form at this moment occupies something like a triumphant pesition. At the same time I believe it to be one of great peril — [some interruption here took place] inasmuch as for the moment it is taken up by those who until this hour have been for the most part the uncompromising opponents of reform. Lord. Derby, in 1852, stated, if I recollect rightly, that one of the objects of his government would be to stem the advancing tide of democracy (oh, oh, and hear). Now it may be that Lord Derby has entirely changed His mind ; that'he is as muefv eon verted to Parliamentary Reform as Sir Robert Peel, in 1846, was converted to Corn-law Repeal. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) They all pretend now to be very fond of the question of Reform ; but still they don't tall us much about it. (Laughter.) This reminds me — and the few speeches they .have delivered — of the condition of that deplorable Atlantic cable, of which I was reading the other day, that the currents were visible, but that the signals were wholly indis tinct. (Laughter and applause.) I do not believe that Parliament does fairly represent the nation. (Applause.) I think it is capable of the most dis. tinct proof that it does not ; and before I proceed to any figures I will mention one or two proofs which will satisfy you on that point. In 1816, the great question of the repeal of the corn laws was under discussion. It required an earthquake to allow the people to buy their bread in the world's market — it required a famine in Ireland, which, from 1845 to 1851, lessened the population of Ireland'by not less than three millions of persons — it required the con versation of agreat minister — the great head of a great party — 'the constitution in danger.' (Loud cheers.) But coming down towards the year 1852, when Lord Derby was in office, he went to a dissolution, and the great question was the question of protec tion; and when Parliament assembled, protection and Lord Derby weredefeated by a majority of 19. But when we only had a majority of 19 in the House of Commons against the re-establishment of protection in some form, about nineteen- twentieths of all the people in England were determined they would never have anything to do with it. (Much cheering.) Take some other question — a question that affects the Established Church. Probably many per sons in this meeting are not aware of the fact that .n England only one-third of the population have any connection whatever, according to the statistics of the Registrar- General, with the Established Church ; in Scotland, only onerthird of the popu lation have any connection with the Established Church ; in Ireland, five out of six have no con nection -vith the Established Church ; and in Wales eight out of ten have no connection with the Established Church — and yet the Established Church is paramount in both Houses of Parliament. II' the House of Commons fairly represented the people of the United Kingdom, the Established Church and its fiiends politically — I s.iy nothing against it as a religious institution — (hear, hear) — I say they politically would be much more modest, oiid we should piobably get^ some changes much rnoie readily than we have got them hitherto; (Hear, hear ) Hating alluded to the imposition of the Succession Duty Act, Mr. Bright went on to my — Now, I want to ask this simple question. If the' House of Commons fairly represents the landowner, merchant, manufacturer, shopkeeper, artisan — (hear, hear) — professional persons, and all f MO 'rosf. nV t lip itnnnln firm ic fViot-n ant? li n ivwi n lia!tin- who believes that such an act as that' could have, continued to exist a siiigle session? -(Loud cheers.)' Now we come to the , question . of figures. V I will* give you two or three brief cases -whichrwili show you what I mean. I will take first tlie greutes ; county in England: (Yorkshire), and will' show tha1 an inequality exists there which is. absolutely fatal to everything like fair representation. There are in Yorkshire ten boroughs — small boroughs which re turn members to Parliament to the number of six teen. There are other eight, boroughs in the same county, whose members are fourteen. (Hear.) Now, these ten boroughs which return sixteen mem bers, have not been more than 80,000 population, while the eight, with the fourteen members, have a population of 699,000. (Shame !) Now, whether you take the amount of population, or the number of the houses, or the sum at which they are rated to the income-tax, or the number of electors, you find the proportions about the same — that the large boroughs witlUhesmallernumber of members, have seven times the population, seven times the number of houses, seven times the amount of income tax to pay, and seven times the number of electurs. The county of Buckingham has a population of 1 64,000, which is not much more than half the population of Birming ham, and yet Buckinghamshire and its boroughs, return not less, I believe, than eleven members to the House of Commons. (Loud cries of -; Shame !') There are are in the counties of Dorsetshire, Devon shire, and Wiltshire twenty-two boroughs that re turn thirty -four members. Now, compare the po ? pulation of these^ twenty-two boroughs returning thirty- four members with the population and the political power of Birmingham. You have nearly twice the population, but you have only two members to represent you in the House of Commons. (Loud cries of ' Shame !') We will ask ourselves, when we talk of the question of Reform, what it is we really want. (Hear, hear.) I hold it to be this : — That we want to substitute the real and honest representation of the people for that fraudulent thing which we call the representa tion now. (Loud cheers.) But thero is a serious question to decide before we can proceed: further, and it is this — when yon are about to reform the House of Commons, is your eye turned to the Houae of Peers or to thu great body of the nation ? (Hear, hear.) The House of Peers, as you know, does not travel very fast. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) If any man propose to reform the House of Commons just so much and no more as will allow it to keep pace with the wishes of the House of Lords, I would ask' them not to take any trouble in tne matter, nor leave it exactly where it is. Now, we must decide this question. (Hear.) Choose ye this day, whom ye shall serve. (Hear.) If the peers are to bo your masters, as they boast that their ancestors were all the conquerors of yours, serve them. (Loud cries of ' no.') There is another description of peer which I am afraid you will not care to glance at- (Cries of ' go on.') I am afraid he .is a creature — what shall I say — of monstrous, may I not say, even of adulterous birth — the spiritual peer. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) I don't wish to disturb the question of franchise beyond what has been already so often sanctioned by Parliament. I don't want to intro duce any new principle or any theoretical notions, which men may find it very difficult to adopt. The success of the vote should be1 accompauied with the ballot— (cheers) — torelievetheconstitucncesfrom oppression. In Reform let us have a good bill or no bill at all. Why should not the people have their own Reform bill backed by their own national and united strength ? As for me, my voice is feeble. I feel now painfully sensible that I am not what I was. I speak with diminished fire. I act with lessened force. But, as I am, my countrymen and my constituents', 1 will, if you let me, be found in your ranks in the impending struggle. Mr. Bright resumed his seat amidst the most en thusiastic demonstrations. Ill a French translation of Shakspeare, the passage — ' Frailty, thy name is woman!' is transla' ted, ' Mademoiselle Frailty is the name of the lady.' Diocese op SotramvAuic. — On Sunday afternoon, October 10, the Cardinal Archbishop preached at Oowc3. His text was from tho Epistle of the Sanday, Eph. v. 15, 16. ' See, therefore, Brethren, how you walk circumspectly ; not as unwise, but as wiso, redeeming tho time.' The Apostle exhorts his converts from heathenism to walk, not as unwiso, but as wisp, redeeming the time; 'as though, ho said, while heathens, you walked unwisely ; when converted to Christianity, for the first timo you learned true wisdom.' And a still more striking expression, to tho same effect, is used by the great Apostle on another occasion : for by what compendious numo docs he denote that long period of the world's history which was illustrated by the glories of a Socrates, a Plato, an Aristotle ? Ho calls thoso agO3 simply, and without qualification, times of ignorance. (Acts, xvii. 30.) Aro wo to suppose that he intended to Bpoak con temptuously of that knowledge and philosophy which is purely human ? That he intended to discourago its acquisition, and underrato its valuo? On tho contrary, what is moro rotnarknblo in St. Paul than his intimate acquaintance with tho treasures of heathen literaturo, and hia constant ro courso to any advantage with which human scienco could Bupply him ? What, then, is his meaning in tho passages to which I have just referred you ? He would say, I concoive, that knowlodge is one thing, wisdom is another ; tho heathens excelled in knowledgo, but had no wisdom. The most illite rate Christian has true wisdom, however little knowledgo ; but the highest intellectual attainmont of all, and that at which all oducated Christians ought to aim, is to unite tho largest knoivledgo with tho truest wiBdom. Knowledge rather refers to multiplicity of details, wisdom to unity of prin ciple. Knowledge endows tho mind with a vast variety of troasuros, but it is wisdom which alone will enable us to mako profit of those treasures. It is wisdom rather than knowledge which is charac teristic of Almighty God. Now, it is only by very slow degreo3 that the natural reason arrives at any thing which can bo called wisdom. Human reason mukes man himself tho starting-point of its specu lations ; and by very slow degrees reaches forward to the thought of God. Jhc first work of reason is the supplying man's physical and mechanical needs : then he ha3 leisure to contemplate tho starry firmament ; and so by slow dogrees ho advnncc3 towards that truo unity of science, which is to bo found only in. making Qoi the centre of our thought. But where the wisest hoathen ends, the humblest Christian begins. One Invisible and Almighty Creator — this world u state of probation — rewards and punishments to come — these truths, which alone give to science its unity, were unknown to heathens, but aro the very first lessons imbibed by a Christian. Lot us Christians then pursue scienco in this spirit, beginning with Faith, and and adding to faith knowledge. Let us redeem the timo, if hitherto we have pursued a different course, and not ceaao to be Christians while pur suing scionce. The way to life, indeed, is narrow — (Matt. vii. 14) — but it is not rugged ; wo havo abundant grace given to make it easy and sweet ; uliu wu i****j- auiituu umaexvua wuiiu fjuiauuit^ lu uv plenteously culling those fruits of physical know ledge and discovery which surround us. Still, tho chief thing ever must be to take pains so to live here that we may enjoy the fulness both of wisdom and knowledgo hereafter. The general subject, which wo have thus most imperfectly indicated, was adorned by illustrations drawn with singular variety of resource from every branch of scienco and the fine arts. Tho congregation, including a large number of Protestants, listened in broathless silence. Diocese op Westminster. — St. Joseph's, Highgate. — The blessing of the temporary eha pel was performed on Thursday, the feast of St. Ursula, by tho Very Rev. V. Eugene, rector of the community at tho Hyde, assisted by Fathers Salvian and Raphael. H. E. tho Cardinal Archbishop ar rived shortly after 11, but did not assist at the Mass. His Eminence took for his text the words of the 41th Paalra — 'ddducenlitr Megi virgines post earn' — 'After her, shall virgins be brought unto tiie King.' The Cardinal commencod his discourso by remarking upon tho manifold mean ings of the Psalms. There was the literal mean ing, which referred to what had already taken place in, times pdst, und with which the prophet 'sang' on . hia harp, magnifying the Lord' for having protected and delivered his people. Thero was no difference among professing Christians as to the literal meaning of tho Psalms, for everyone un derstood moro or less to what they primarily re ferred. But there .was nnot-lior meaning hardly' less literal, but which could not be verified except in the Catholic Church. For instance (suid his Eminence), if wo tako tho Psalm which, says,. '..Seven times a day do I praise Thee, 6 Lord,' — ? where is this fulfilled excopt in the Catholic Church ? In the. Catholio Church alone tho clergy, tit their ordination, contract an obligation of praising the Lord 'seven times a day' all the' days of their life ; and this was no merely optional duty, but one to which they wero strictly bound. Thoso who live in community, 83 the eood Fathors who serve this mission, assemble in the choir seven times a day to praise the Lord. Again, if wo tako tho other Psalms, that for instance in whioh the Royal Prophet says — 'In the night I rose to praise Theo, O Lord,' — where is this verified excopt iu the Calholie Church ? Here alone we find whulo communities rising from their beds at the still hour of midnight to sing the Divine praises. While, tho world around them is buried in sleep, or ocenpied in offending God, His devout servants offer him' their humble but fervent praises. 1'he zealous re ligious, who were about to dovoto themselvos to that newly-established mission, would' rise from their bed at the midnight hour to pray for thorn ? selves and the flock committdd to their oharge; while tho flock itself was taking the necessary re pose to which the hours of the night woro usually dedicated. But, besides these meanings, there was another which (said the Cardinal) I claim ex clusively for tho Catholic Church ; and I may call it tho devotional meaning. Tho toxt I quoted at the beginning of my sormon, supplies a remarkablo instance. 'After lior, shall virgins bo brought unto the King.' v The literal meaning of this is, that at Solomon's marriage thore were many virgins in attendance. But of what especial interest is that to us f And why has the Holy Ghost recorded the fact ? The literal moaning was of small im portance to us, and we must, thorefore, proceed to inquire the spiritual signification. Who is it that is referred to 'merely by the pronoun ' her ?' 'J- After her, Bhall virgins bo brought unto the King.' It will be difficult for those outside the Church to assign a definite meaning to this verso, for we know that virginity is not esteemed, (but rather vilified) by them. But a Catholic will seo at once that by ' her' is meant tho Blessed Mothor of the Lord, who has sanctified virginity, and brought many othors to the King her son, by tho samo holy path. On this very day (said his Eminenco) wo celebrato the Feast of St. Ursula, ono of the ? greatest saints of our own dear land. She went forth from the shores of Britain, aud shed hor blood in defenoo of the Catholio faith on tho banks of tho Rhino. She was ono of those who followed tho exarnplo of tho Blessed Virgin, and her own exaniplo was in like mannor followed by innumerable othor virgins. In tho Catholio Church virginity 13 held in ostcein and honour, and many in our days follow the ex ample of the Mother of the Lord, and aro prosontod by bor to tho King. And to the lily of virginity, many, like St. TJraula, have addod tho palm of martyrdom. The acts of St. Agnes, St. Lucy, and St. Cecilia are recorded in our annals, and wo alouo can claim relationship with thorn. We hold and proach the Faith for which thoy died; and tho same Faith will bo preached by the good Passionists in this humble chapel. It remains for those who receivo their ministrations to rendor thomselvos worthy to bo presented to their King and Judgo, and to receive tho final roward which will bo ao corded to all faithful sorvants of tho Cross. BniCKJiAKiNa in Ceylon. — The works, which turn out about 20,000 bricks a day, are only six miles from Colombo. Tho clay for briokma king is proparcd by elephants. Tho wild and tamo work togothor, and both attompt to shirk their work by endeavouring to put their feot in old foot prints, instead of in tho soft, tenacious untrodden mud. Lord Derby (says tho Illustrated Netvs) turns out to be a poet — ay, and a good one withal. Some of his translations arc included in Lord Ravensworth's recent volumes. Aldersbott camp is to bo lighted during the winter by 7,000 lamps. ETanciing a Clergyman in Effigy. — Tho state of feeling existing between the vicar of Wes tonzoyland and his parishioners is most deplorable. After the excitement consequent upon last year's differences, respecting the bell- ringing, had sub sided, matters went on quietly, and there seemed every reason to suppose that the unpleasantness would die out, both parties manifesting an amicable disposition. The proceedings in conjunction with the late races have revived the bitterness of the past, and the population seem to entertain the most in. veterate hatred for their pastor. They state that the introduction of a number of police to the village by the vicar on the night preceding the races was an insult to them ; and they resent the notion that the church is the vicar's freehold. We are informed by persons of position in the village, that had they not exercised their influence the police officers would have been maltreated, the belfry would have been entered by force, the bells rung, and bloodshed must have resulted. In revenge for the race day disappointment the villagers have proceeded to lengths which few persons will he prepared to ex cuse. Tho milkers and others who had to leave their houses on Sunday morning last were alarmed to perceive what they at first took for a case of mur der or suicide, namely, the form of a human being suspended over the very top of the fhie old church tower by a rope of about 6 feet fall, attached to a tall pole. . The object was conspicuous, and discern ible for miles round, and struck terror into the hearts of the early risers as it dangled in the air, the wind solemnly and slowly turning the figure to the different points of the compass, the limbs being so arranged as to present the appearance of a person in the agonies of death. News that a man was hanging from the church tower, and terrified cries of ' Murder' quickly aroused the sleepy inhabitants, who crowded to gaze at the object which had ex cited alarm. It-was soon ascertained that- the sus pended form was not that of a real human being, but a clumsy efBgy intended to represent a clergy man, the white nock cloth being a prominent fea ture. The general horror was then converted into general hilarity, and during the few hours the dummy remained in its elevated position the par-, ishioners continued to bestow upon the sight their rapt attention, their gibes, and their laughter. The spectacle must have been got up in the course of the night; but how the church tower was entered was a mystery. It is said that the locks of the door were uninjured ; but that when the sexton with as sistants tried to enter the tower, to remove the un sightly erection on its summit, they were prevented gaining access by the doors being fastened inside. It was nine o'clock before the church official and those with him effected an entrance. When they reached the top of the edifice they speedily lowered the hanging mock parson, amidst the shouts and jeers of the spectators, which' were repeated upon the figure being disembowelled, and its contents scat tered upon the ground below, from the tower's great height. All the bell ropes had been taken away, that the bells did not sound out their musical peals at eight and nine o'clock, and before service, as usual. A temporary provision was made to ring one bell just before the commencement of divine worship at eleven o'clock. On Monday evening exoitement still prevailed, the villagers professing to summon coroner's juries to sit on the clergyman's body; singing printed doggrel songs concerning him in the streets ; crying out his last dying speech and confession ; and in various ways attempting to make the place too hot to hold him.. It is much to be desired that something should be done to put an end to the scandal. — Bridgcwater Mercury. Marriages in High Life. — On Tuesday, the 1 9th Oct., was solemnized at Inch Chapel, in this county, the marriageof Captain Edmund Power Lalor, of Long Orchard, D.L., with Mary Frances, eldest daughter of George Ryan, of Inch House, Esq., D.L. The'guests assembled at the chapel, situate within the demesne, over the entrance to which was erected a tastefully constructed arch, pro fusely decorated with flowers culled from the beau tiful gardens' of Inch. The ceremony was performed by the Right Rev. pr.;Leahv,. Catholic Archbishop, assisted by the;Rev. M.r. Mullany, P.'P.,after which service was. performed, and a most eloquent and im pressive sermon delivered by the Archbishop. The lovely and accomplished .bride was attired in rich wh'te glace. silk/ with two deep flounoes of costly Himiton lace, .anfl'on her head she wore a wreathf of white roses and orange blossoms, with a veil which/ completely rdnipj!3 her person, and was attended by* six bridesinaidsj,,dressed alike in white tarletane, trimmed with blue, andoii their heads blue wreaths and. white tulle veils. Amongst the guests assem bled to witness the happv. ceremony we noticed the Right Rev. Dr. Leahy,1 the Rev. D. W. Moore, Dean of Cashel, Mrs.:and the Misses-Moore; Mr., Mrs , and Miss Lanigan, Castle Fogarty ; . Mrs. Petre, Berkeley-square,. London ; . Mr., -Mrs.,, and tha Misses Ryan, Dublin ; Mr. and'Mrsi Power, Peni brbkestown,'. County of Waterford ; Mr. and Mrs. Power, Jervjs place, Clohmel; Mrs. Malier, Tulla. maine Castle ;. Captain White, Royal Navy, and the Misses White ; Mr. and Mrs. Grehan, Kingstown ; Count D' Alton, Thomas Lalor, Esq., D.L. , Cregg; Major Scott, The Cottage, Killaloe ; J. W. White, Esq., Barrister-at-law ; the Messrs. Bennet, Tho mastown, King's County, &c;, &c.; After the cere mony, the party adjourned to Inch House, and par took of a splendid dejeuner, which comprised all the delicacies of the season, when the happy pair left in a carriage and four for Goold's Cross station, to pro ceed by train to Killarney, where they purpose spending the honeymoon. In celebration of the auspicious event, the tenantry of Long Orchard, and the neighbouring estates of Captain Power, were in vited to a harvest home at the gallant gentleman's residence at Long Orchard, and which, we under stand, the visitors there assembled, and who formed a portion of the marriage party, signified their inten tion of honouring by their presence. — Clonmel Chro nicle. Lord Carlisle and the Sisters of Mercy. — The following tribute ofthese exemplary ladies was paid by Lord Carlisle, at the close of a speech on ' Crime in Ireland,' delivered Oct 20th, at the Social Science Association, Liverpool.: — ' The system of drafting oil' the bust behaved and most promising female prisoners! n refuges has been tried with the happiest results. . The government have been fortunate enough to find establishments where this pious office has been voluntarily under taken both in the Protestant and Catholic commu nities of Dublin. Of the Protestant establishment, beyond rendering a just tribute to the conscientious care with which it appears to be managed, I need say but little, for a reason which certainly ought not to give any umbrage to that community — I mean the very small number of prisoners which have hitherto belonged to that persuasion. The care of the Catholic prisoners of this class has been undertaken by the ladies of the Sisterhood of Mercy at Golden-bridge. Feeble and wholly inadequate indeed would be any words of mine to do justice to tho unre mitting self- devotion and cheerful alacrity with which the manager of the refuge, herself wellborn and re fined (I ought, I suppose, to confine myself to her assumed name of Sister Mary Magdalen), with her coadjutors, discharge this labour of great love. To prove that I am not using the language of meie compliment and idle sentiment, I may present the following results, which I believe have never yet been gueu in so complete a form. From the first opening of the St. Vincent's Reformatory, in April 1850, down to the present month, 152 have been re ceived ; 67 are at present there ; 85 hare been dis posed of-^-you will romeniber that these were women, for the must part, reared and steeped in crime, and from general experience, if discharged in ordinary course, would have given no hope- of reformation. Twenty-one have been sent to situations in Ireland, and are all ascertained to bo doing well ; 20 are in the colonies ; 24 have returned to their homes ; 10 wero married, and are now living respectably ; 8 were received by their parents ; 5 have been received into an asylum j 3 have been married in Ireland, and are well reported of ; 0 have been sent back to prison. So th.it out of the whole there are only six to whom subsequent misconduct can bo traced.' And with reference to the Catholic Reformatory at Market Weighton, he observed — ' It is built with more at tention to architectural effect than any establishment ot tho kind I have yet seen, and is managed by a staff belonging to one of tho fraternities of tho Roman Catholic Church, apparently with a devoteduess which so often distinguishes these bodies.' Four hundred shipwrights on tho Wear are on strike, the question in dispute boing a daily allowance of a pint of beer to tho men, whiah the masters have discontinued. Tho launch of tho Edgar, ninety- ono guns, whereby a magnificent addition was made to the Royal Navy, loijk place at Woolwich on Saturday, October 30. 