rFrom the Advertiser of Tuesday, December 28.] It is tvrenty-two years tins day since Captain John Bjndmarsh landed on the shores of Hold festBav,aad proclaimed,- in iihe name of Kb Sovereign, tiie foundation. of. South Australia. To new colonists there' is a kind of venerable antiqtu.ty attaching to the year 1836, notwith standing wMch,. however, :weh^ BiaJl'Tanongst us many whose recollections easily. 'bridge.over the interval elapsed since then, and reach far beyond the political birth of iMs young province. But although the periodof South Australia's life is thus but a small : portion of the .life time of many of its inhabitants, colonists :of more recent arrival will scarcely be able to dispel the illusion which associates 1836 with the idea of antiquity. If or is the fancy altogether absurd: Measur ins time by clocks and watches, we cannot make more of South Australia^ life than twoand twenty years.. But, measuring tune by the pro sressof c»e»fe,howdiuBrentareourmipressions ! fsrentv-two' years back,. South Austrahawa-a wilderness, without road, or fence, or cultivated field— a luxoriant- wilderneBs; in ^whieh the eavage reamed, and through whichjhe scarcely wildirbeaste pursued their way. men we con trast the present physical condition of ihe country with its former .state, we forget the two'and^twenty years r we are ^apt to associate the progress of this land -witii that of other lands whose^evelopment was the Sow growth ef centuries. TPhen we tarn to England, and cast our ejes' over its roads, rail roads, telegraphs, mines, farms, shipping, towns, cities, churchesiflchools, manufactures, commerce., we behold the result of centuries upon centuries of development. We see all that gigantic em bodiment Tof wealth, intelligence, freedom, and TJrfcue, as it were elaborated trough, numerous dynasties, and perfected after twenty centuries. It is impossible to forget what *«w when thinking of wltf*^ Thus the contemplation oT progress lias from the cradle associated itself in our. minds with the idea of slow development, of sometimes invisible advance. Of occasional retrogression We have brought over from our feiherland, not only our ancestral institutions, but our former habits of thought, and hence when we compare the present and the past of Austraha, and; think of the gradual elevation of England, itis difficult to believe that we have established on these shores an epitome, a .microcosm of that country in two-and-twenty years. , Yet «uch is the -jase. Great Britain only excels us m tfcs power of her population. The same ideas are here, and m pro portion to the population, the same ability to work them oat. We have indeed .good .reason to be proud of the result of this brief period oi our national industry, WV need we despajr oi ihe future if the men who now hold the destinies # of South Australia in Iheir keeping toe fiufliful to themselves and their children. We shall not attempt to write a chapter of history under the guise of a leader. Not that we weary of the events and incidents of 1836, but because the task has been so often achieved, that there would be* but little novelty in the description. Briefly we note that on/the 28th of December, 1836, Governor. Hmdmarsh brought Her Majesty's ship Buffido to anchor in Holdfast Bay, and thence landing, was met by a number of settlers who had arrived by pre vious vessels. The names of the Honorables J H ^Fisher, ~{r. S. Kingston, John Morphett, and Messrs. Brown; Gilbert, and Iapson present themselves as a few of those who formed the first group around the first Governor of South Australia. The Buffalo had been preceded by as many as eight vessels, arriving .at various periods between July 27 and December 16. It may, perhaps, gratify someof our readers if we enumerate the ships that cast anchor on ihe shores of this province in 1836. . ? SHIPS -ABRIVED IN 1636. . Date. Name of Ship. Norof Passengers. Jalr27— DnkeofYork _ ... _ -'?-.. 38. July 30— liady Pelham «.. — — ... 29 Aug. 16-JohnEirie - ... ~ ~. 26 Ant- 21-Kapid ... ~ - - ~ 24 Sept. ll--^gnet ,.. .- — .-? .- «* Oct. 5— Emma .. — — — ??? 22 ' 2Cov. 2— A&icaine...; ^-' — — — TC Dec 16— TamO'Shanter-.. ,.. ~ — »4 Dec 28— H.1LS. Buffalo . — . ,- .. .- Ml Total «'.- ?-' -? — -.646 Of the foregoing passengers about .100 were persons who paid their own passage-money, many of tkem being holders of more.or less capital, and tiie balance were persons brought out wholly, or partially, at the expense *of the Commissioners. A Board of Conimissioners sat in London, and the. present Hon. ^President pf tJie Legislative Council was appointed the first Resident Commissioner in South Australia. In the early days of the colony the powers of the Commissioner and those of the local Government were distinct from and independent pf each other — an arrangement whichresulted, as might have been anticipated, in. frequent and violent contests between die rival- authorities. But we must retrace our steps, or instead of a column we shall need a volume. The liistory of this province is a most interesting and gratifying one. South Australia' has had to contend with many difficulties, some of them not1 of more than common mould, whilst others were extraordinary and formidable. The financial bankruptcy, of the colony in Colonel Gawler's time, and the exodus or nearly all the- adult male population at tiie time of the great gold discoveries, are the two most memorable of our national crises. The failure of the harvest of .1855 was a heavy blow, and the monstrously . extra vagant consignments immediately prior to that date, glutted our depreciated markets, and but ill prepared the colony for a year of comparative dearth. Another permanent disadvantage under ?H-hieh we live is that of being overshadowed by a wealthy neighbour, with whom, in many respects we are forced to compete, although frequently to our obvious injury. This, however, is a mixed question; for if, on the one hand, we, without gold, are forced to. adopt a social stan dard appropriate only to such a country, as Victoria, on the other hand that eountry supplies ns with a valuable market for much of our pro duce. But whatever may be the effect of this disadvantage, or of others less balanced by good, the elasticity of our resources appears equal to every emergency. Theyear now closing has been in many respects a most embarrassing one, yet our commercial credit is thoroughly healthy. The tightness of money has doubtless retarded legiti mate operations : but it has probably precluded many rash speculations. At thepresent moment new hopes dawn upon us. We meet another anniversary of our national existence with a reasonable expectation of speedily enlarging our pastoral and mineral resources ; and as the country districts become more profitable, so wiil the whole community prosper. ' On the whole we have grounds for more than common congratulation. What . would the farmer of 1836 have thought could he have foreseen that in twenty years South Australia would be a great grain exporting country P What would the merchant have thought could he have foreseen the large amount of native pro duce that this province, in a score of years, would have to dispose of ? What would tike politician have thought, could he have seen in the vista so complete a system of self-government as ihatnow enjoyed by the people of this colony? What ?would the Voluntary have thought had he been able to calculate with certainty the triumph of ' Christian Willinghood ' over the presumptions and assumptions of State Religion? In fact who is there of the pioneers of South Australia that must not, as a patriot, experience the most intense delight when retracing each of the twenty-two years of this colony's life — that must not, as a man, feel proud of having been present at the birth of fid goodly a child of the parent stock of Britain P We will not weary the patience of our readers. . It would be easy to indicate the measure of our progress by quoting from the numerous returns and statistics — by introducing some of the many columns of figures lying ready to hand. Bat it is needless. Those of us who this day stay at home have only to travel in -imagination with others who may be seeking recreation, ?m some of the romantic glens around us, and ihey 'will there see what South jLvutr»$a.^&om; jhe coast line Jp the hills, and from the moat ?puthern to the most northempart— was twenty years 'ago; A. liaMfiiLbf .adventurous royagers, anding upon a desolate shore, take i possession of flie unclaimed waste, explore it, cultivate iCgive it a name/ a marketable valued intersect it with roads, cover it with fsrms, dot it with towns_ and villages, establish upon it the institutions of civili zation, make it the happy' home, of thousands who gladly cross the globe to , reach it ; and all this in less than, a third of the span of one man's life. We have,- of course, our disappointments and our reverses ; and not to have them would be to escape the 'conditions under which humanity must ever exist. But no one can look on what South Australia now is, and think what it was as :the Buffalo's guns first awoke the solitude of Holdfast Bav. without feelinsB of minded grati fication arid surprise. And with these words we shall leave our readers to pursue their business or their pleasure, as taste or convenieuce may dictate. XTjsiess Mr. Babbage should now see fit to appeal to the bar of public opinion, his prayer for' justice must go unanswered. It will be remembered that that gentleman, shortly before the prorogation of Earliainent, sent a petition to the House of Assembly, complaining that he had been most undeservedly censured, and praying that the House would investigate his case, and do him justice:' The immediate result ot his memorial was the appointment of a Select Com mittee V but owing to the advanced period ot the session when the Committee was appointed, it was found impossible to conclude tne enquiry before the day fixed for the prorogation of Par liament. This, however, would not have pre cluded the bringing up of the report, liad not His Excellency- -come down to . ..the House a minute beforeihe hour for commencing business, thus rendering the presentation of the report When Mr- Babbage's Committee was moved for, the Attorney-General supportedjhe motion, and distinctly stated that every servant of the public bid an undoubted right to call for enquiiy, if he felt himself aggrieved by the action of the Government. It is, however, but little use to concede enquiry, if no opportunity is afforded for declaring the result of that- enquiry. The Committee on Mr. Babbage's petition struggled 1'hard to get up a. report, and in spite of difficulties the report was ; pre pared, but at the very moment when, accord ing to Parliamentary usage, it might have 'been presented, the Governor demanded ihs presence of the; Assembly intiie Chamber below. There the Parliament was prorogued, -and .Mi*. Bab bage's case,*in consequence, fell to the ground. Of course His ? Excellency did not know, or knowing, was not to be expected to regard the business on the notice paper for the day of pro rogation. The Government, however, knew it well enough ; and had they felt inclined to allow the report of the Committee to have been brought up, the visit of His Excellency could have been fixed, for 3 o'clock as easily as for 1 o'clock. Mr. Babbage has been censured by the Commissioner «f Grown Lands in. a very severe manner, and he has been subsequently super seded. The oflffieer superseding him has written despatches to the Government, in which the most unmeasured.' denunciation of Mr. Babbage is indulged in, - , . _ . The Government publish those dispatches, and although we are not to infer that every epithet applied to Mr. Babbage- is approved by the Executive, yet as the Ministry have not entered any public ^protest against Major Warburton's censures, the popular inference must- be that they are approved of. Taking .the. Commis sioner's, letters and Major Warburton^s together, and coupling therewith the' ignominious dis missal ofMr. Babbage from the service in which he was engaged, it is self-evident that if that gentleman has not been guilty of a gross derelic tion of duty, he. is the victim of most palpable injustice. The * Commissioner of Crown Lands, as the headof the department charged with the direc tion of the exploration, vindicates his conduct in censuring and superseding Mr. Babbage; and Mr. Babbage holds himself prepared to show that he has implicitly followed out his instruc tions, and has only deviated from them when physical difficulties Tendered their exact fulfil ment impossible. The Select Committee were charged with the investigation of the question, .and they have fulfilled their duty, but owing to the hasty prorogation, as before explained, the labors of the Committee are rendered abortive. According to the Standing. Orders of the House of Assembly, it is a breach of privilege to publish the proceedings of a Select Committee before the report has been presented. Were it not for the operation of this rule, we should be in a position to lay the report at once before our readers. 'Under existing regulations, however, we cannot So so, and the same- rule that pre cludes our givingthe report, predu des our giving the evidence. We think it is nigh time that this rule were revised. In the- present case it cuts off the only chance of making public the opinion bf a Committee appointed to declare whether a servant of the Government has been justly or unjustly used. In England no such official or legislative secrecy is upheld. Reporters, for the press attend Select Committees, and the evidence is laid day by day before the public in the columns Of the newspapers. The last mail supplies us with. an illustration of this practice. A fioyal Parliamentary Commission having been appointed to investigate the mode in which con tracts for army clothing were taken and executed; the disclosures elicited in evidence were of so im portant and interesting a nature, that considerable* space was devoted by the leading journals to the publication of .the proceedings. The proceedings of the Commission were reported in the news papers from day to day. No objection whatever appears to have been made to these reports ; but the Times having seen fit to comment upon the the facts as they transpired, dissatisfaction was expressed in consequence. The Times then wrote in vindication of its conduct ; and as the question, at the present moment is one of much interest, we have transferred Ohe remarks of our great contemporary, to ' ourf own columns. Still, not withstanding'the practice in England, we shall not be, at liberty here to publish either the report or the evidence -of the Babbage. Committee, although we shall take an early -opportunity of adverting to the leading facts of the enquiry, so far as we can find data in those papers that have been already laid on the table of the House. We sincerely regret the abrupt termination of this investigation, or rather its long postponement, inasmuch as the question will certainly be re opened at the next meeting of Parliament. We regret it on account of all parlies concerned, because we. think it might be very clearly shown, were all the evidence before the public, that if Mr. Babbage delayed the' expedition, it was by carry ing out the instructions of the Commissioner, and that those instructions, though retarding the advance northwards,, were as judiciously framed as the information originally atthe command of the Commissioner enabled him to frame them. The fact is that both Mr. Babbage and Mr. Dutton are wiser men, as regards the North, than they were when the instructions, were written. An ticipating this result, we had, therefore, hoped that the additional information to be supplied, and the various and full explanations which would be given of particular movements, might have led to a modification of the censure passed upon Mr. Babbage, and possibly to a withdrawal oi his petition on the part of that gentleman. In this, however, we are disappointed. The Com missioner of Crown Lands, assuming (we imagine) that any portion. of censure removed from Mr. Babbage must fall upon himself, shows no inclination to modify the severity of his strictures. We do not think, however, that ii Mr. Babbage lost a winter in carrying out the instructions of the Commissioner, that the Com missioner is therefore to be censured. We must judge of the wisdom or folly of the instructions, not oy what we note know of the country to which they pointed, but to what was known of that coun try at the date of the instructions. Mr. Dutton did not know he was sending Mr. Babbage to survey scrub and salt lagoons, nor could Mr. Babbage tell what the country was before he explored it. We are, however, approaching a part of the question which had better be reserved for sepa« rate and special consideration. The Pbobooation of Paemamekt.— Not- withstanding the unfavorable weather on Friday, a very large number of citizens assembled at the Houses of Legislature, for the purpose of wit nessing the ceremony.of proroguing Parliament. Tfis Excellency the Governor-in-Chief- had inti mated thathe should attend the Council Chamber at one o'clock, and precisely at that hour His Excellency arrived. A detachment of military and police had. been, stationed outside of the building, and presented arms to the representa tive at realty. No cannon announced the arrival of Jgqi |?xceUency j- there was «n attempt to 'sound the loud trumpet,' but t^einsfrument was, apparently, labouring under a severe attack of influenza, and after' a ' solitary feeble' effort, gave up the ghost. Toatone, however, for these deficiencies; ?' loud roared the dreadful thunder,' the lightning danced in all directions, and the rain fell in' torrents. His Excellency was received by the Hon. the President and members of the Legislative Council, and escorted to the -interior of the Council Chamber, where the usual cere mony was gone', through.'. His Excellency re quested the attendance of the members of the House of Assembly, and upon their arrival Mr: Speaker presented his little Billr-the Appro priation Act — which was settled without a mur mur, and then followed twenty- two public and two private Bills, which had been passed during the session, to which His Excellency was also pleased to give his assent in the' name and on jehalf of the Qaeen. His Excellency's address proroguing Parliament till 1st of April next, will -e found in our Parliamentary report. . . Exclusion of Law Officers- from the Cabinet. — A resolution on this subject, big with important political results, was passed in the House of Assembly of New South Wale8,,6h'the evening of the 17th instant:—' This,' says our Sydney correspondent, ' was to the effect that the public service would-benefit by excluding the law officers from the Cabinet. The fact is, that we are beginning to .find the inconvenience of mimicking in all respects the British Consti-. tution, and in nothing more- so than the pre sumed 'necessity tMt every Cabinet should have two law officers who are members of Parliament. To comply, with this condition has bothered every Ministry we have ever had, and hasplaced Premiers at ihe mercy of the bar. ^Mr.-Foreter has ss'veral times brought forward his resolution, affirming the expediency of abolishing this state of things, but hitherto it has been got rid1 of by the' 'previous question,' or negatived on the ground that the time was not ripe for such changes, but now at last the resolution has been passed with the consent of all parties. It seems to be admitted that the right thing will be to -have a Minister of Justice, whe heed not necessarily be a lawyer any . more than the Minister of Public Works need be an engineer. This' will greaily simplify the formation of Ministries, though it wifr somewhat diminish the attraction's of the Legislature to gentlemen of the long robe. The Government will take* their time probably ;about initiating the change ;. but it;must'be made now. It will probably have another effect, viz. : that it' will Dreak into ihe nominal claim put forward by Attorney-Generals ?to any Chief Justiceship that may Ml vacant. ?This is only a right of courtesy even in England, /and to adopt it in' the 'colony will only lead to ?putting on the Bench an inferior class of political adventurers. It will be better every way for the puisne Judges to be promoted.' : The Late Stoem. — For once in his life Old Father Christinas has been received. ' in thunder, lightning, and in rain.' On Friday night and Saturday morning Adelaide and its suburbs witnessed a ? storm that will not soon be^ for gotten. The wind had been blowing fresh aU the evenjng, and about 11 o'clock it began to howl in a -manner rather' uncomfortable for steeples and chimney-tops to contemplate. Down came the rain in torrents, hoarse pealed the thunder, fer flashed the lightning: The elements were bent upon making ' a night of it.' j By the fitful flashes of the electric fluid the concave firmament was illuminated, and every object on hill and dale, in field and garden, was rendered bright as the noonday sunshine. It was a grand sight. People tellv us that the brunt of . the storm was '.felt most severely in the southern parts of the city, but with the: exception of the toppling down of some crazy dilapidated build ings, the loss of many trees, and much havoc among the fruit, we have not yet! heard of any serious destruction being done. The greatest sufferers are the. gardens. The GotD-FuBLD.^— We have been favoured by the Commissioner of Crown. Lands with the following official report for last week of the pro 'gress of the gold-field: — ' ' ' '?' ' 'Echnnga, December 25, 1858. ' ' Sir— I have the honor to enclose a farther sum of JE5 (five pounds), being the amount payable on ten gold license fees for December, 185?. ' - ? 'There is a considerable redaction ia the number of diggers this month on the oldxround, % number having gone to the discovery near Hahndonf, several to work on the company's reef, and three have left altogether. - - ? ? 'There stilt exists a' hope that the Hahndorf diggings will ultimately, pay; a person named Stephen Jeffrey (a Melbourne digger just returned) having washed. li dwte. of; gold out of three tubs of stnfiV Several others are also doing well Another nugget -weighing two dwts. has- been found. 'The search is being diligently prosecuted farther up the gully near the waterhole by some 16 or 18 persevering fellows, and they seem all sanguine of the result At all events, by the end of next wees something will be found or the place abandoned by the old hands: "I have, & c, 'Will. Buttrose, 'Offlcer in Charge of Gold-field. 'Hon. F. S. Dutton, Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration.' - ? ' ' # ' ' ? East Toeeens' Institcte. — With the view of imparting additional interest to this Institute, the Committee have determined upon holding a series of Annual Exhibitions of Nature arid Art, ' the first of which will take place on Monday the 3rd of January, and con tinue open for public inspection during the week. The Committee invite the well-wishers of the Institute to ikvor them with the loan of specimens of Natural History, Geology, Painting, ando£her works of Art, and will feel obliged by their intimating what articles they are willing to lend, and the day when they may. be .called for. It is to be hoped that the spirited endeavours now being'made to impart renewed vitality to the East jlTorrens Institute may be crowned with suceess. . ' . . ; The Pabliakent of Victoeia. — Referring to the ?- disgraceful ' scene' which Was recently enacted in the Victorian-House of Assembly, the Argus of the 18th inst., in a regular 'thun- derer,' comes down upon the devoted heads of the sinning members in this wise : — - ' It is a matter of notoriety that the present Assembly is in a state of utter demoralisation. It is a mere rabble of poli tical desperadoes. There is bo 'harmony of principle or purpose amongst its members— no-disposition to sinK self and work together for the public good. There is no mutual trust or- mutual respect There are none of the ionorable and [gentlemanly relfttions that ought to e^ist amongt men assodated in a great public trust Every man is for Jiimsplf, and parliamentary life has degenerated into a mere scramble, where each one^eeks to jostle every one else, and push himself forward into prominence. Accu sations of everything vile in motive and dishonorable in con duct ace bandied about,; To describe, with the accuratepen of history, the scenes that are nightly enacted in this Parlia ment of ours, to the detriment of public business and the be trayal of public interests, and to comment-on them In terms of sufficient severity, would be to 'libel' the House daily. After the reckless indulgence of passion and recrimination which characterized the whole proceedings on Thursday, we submit to the House that it has no right to be 'too sensitive as to the terms in which the Press may epeak ofit 