THE DIVORCE COURT. [From the Times, May 17.J It it be true tnat a good man struggling wun accumulating ilk is a sight pleasant to gods and instructive to men, that portion of the British public which assembles doily in West minster Mall has at this moment an opportu nity for edification which should not be lightly neglected. High up on the right hand of the Hall of Rufus there is a doorway much crowded by men and women, upon whose faces dwells an expression of highly-wrought interest, and who are struggling for entrance as though they were seeking access to some holy relics infallible in curing all human dis orders. If we squeeze through with that throng we shall stand in the presence of the most overworked, hard-labouring, and hope less gentleman in tbe Queen's dominions. There he sits, exalted in place, an example and a warning to his fellow-creatures. He has distinguished himself as an admirable and accomplished Judge, and yet his fate his hard. Ii* the davs ©f torture there were miserable criminals who were piacea in a wen, mio wiuuu a stream of water was suffered to flow calcu lated to the exact volume which the victim by intense exertion could pump out again. So long as the strength endured the water was kBpt below a dangerous height, but as fatigue relaxed the muscles the flow gradually rose, and the pri soner was drowned. Such has been the fate of Judge Cresswell, only he has been treated with still greater barbarity. By wonderful efforts he succeeded, in the early . days of his captivity, in keeping his well tole rably dry; then they increased the feeding-pipe and let in more water. Still he worked and worked ; then they encumbered him with a four- handed pump, and then they hung a jury weight upon the handle of his pump and trebled the labour of working it. The struggle has long since bean over, the waters have risen, and the poor man has been drowned long ago. He is deep down below the tide, as far down as that fairy city which is supposed to exist at the bottom of Loch Lomond. He goes on still, with a conscientious perseverance, working at the handle; but, though Dame Partington might have been sanguine as to keeping the sea back with her broom, Judge Cresswell cannot dream of keeping down the business of the Divorce Court, embarrassed by his occaiional helpmates and paralyzed by his jury. Look at that awful list which hangs against the wall. There are 160 wedded pairs waiting to pour the tale of their domestic wrongs into that too accustomed ear. Moreover, there are the co-respondents — the modern alias which Lo thario takes in Westmineter Hall— who come to pay, or to struggle against paying, the coat of sawing off the bough they have blighted. There are Browns and Joneses and Robinsons, Smiths and Jackson?, and Quayles with their ittendant Cooks; there is the Bight Hon. Lord Ribblesdale and the Most Hon. tho Mar juis of Anglesey ; noblemen and commoners umble together, and find that the Divorce Dourt, like politics end necessity, makes people icquainted with strange yokefellows, in addition to its proper duties of punishing such acquaint ances. Clamorous and impatient, surging igainst the judgment-seat, increasing every Say in numbers, hardly relieved by the few occasional dismissals, and rather irritated by the instances of individuals caught up and turned back again to wait 'for further hear ing,' this mighty multitude of 400 and odd impatient suitors assemble every day, with their witnesses, attorneys, proctors, doctors, and counsel, to protest in chorus and in solo against tne particular application oi mat, putswc canon 'Felices ter et amplius quos irrupta tenet copula.' Yet there is more hope for the crowd of ghosts of the unburied, vainly waiting till the Styx Bhall run dry or Charon shall forego his fee, than there is for 'Coulsonv. Coulson and Barnsdale,' or ' Bell v. Bell and the Most Hon. the Marquis of Anglesey,' which were on Friday last the two causes at the bottom of the list. The 'full Court,' which alone can deal finally with any one of these 160 cases, is about to sit for five days. If we suppose the somewhat happy energy, the mixture of good luck and great resolution, which may enable this Court to get through half-a-dozen cases each day, we shall have a result of 30 cases decided during these sittings, After this Judge Cresswell will work on, but the ' full Court' will adjourn, and then, under existing circumstances, there might be no fur ther sitting till November next, by which time the 160 cases now in arrear will certainly have arisen to 200, and possibly to a great many more. If the present system should con tinue without reform, divorce will be to a married man like the benchership of an Inn of Court to a stuff gownsman— a luxury only to be enjoyed in extseme old age. The decrees of Judge Cresswell, or his remote successors, will be prizes in a great judicial tontine ; the oldest inhabitant of the Divorce Court will totter forth happy in his long sighed for liberty ; the injured hus band will, about the age of 75, be released from his frolicsome partner, oyer whose fipkle pas sions 6P years, may have possibly had some influence; and, as an example of the evils which our vices may bring upon our remote posterity, the great grandson of some core spondent who now figures in the list that hangs in Westminster Hall may, unless the remedy is altogether to fail, be called upom to pay th« cost of the peccadilloes of bis too vivacious These multo post futwro decisions are some times thought to be incenveniences, but the saving is indisputable. To keep 400 people waiting for justice, and to keep 200 or 300 wit nesses travelling to and fro upon railways «r living in London hotels, is, of course, produc tive of a certain money cost to the suitors, but then there is the great and soundly economical advantage of making one man do another man's business. We get some of the judicial work done for nothing by the present system. We screw a little overwork out of A and get an extra hour or two out of B. Let us suppose, what may for aught we know be the fact, that tho Westminster clock is only to be allowed to go ?when it can get its works completed by contri butions from the other metropolitan church clocks, that it is just now waiting for the loan o£ a penduhWfrom St. Paul's, and will have to stop next week to restore a weight neowsary to be returned to St. Margaret's; that St. James's is to be laid under contribution fora wheel, and that the great bell of Sow is relied upon to strike the hours. In such a case the Westminster clock will go spasmodically, just as the divorce clockwork of Westminster Hall now goes. The Bystem is cheap, but it is not effective. If wo want work done, the most economical, although perhaps not the cheapest way, is to pay for it. The simple fact is, that we are withour proper judicial force to work this divorce and probate business. It is ne cessary that we should have two more Judges to form the Court. These three Judges will divide the probate business, and the causes that do not now by law require a full Court, between them ; and they will unite under the chiefship of Judge Cresswell, who is now the Judge Ordinary, to form a ' full Court.' It is thoroughly understood that this must be done and that it is to be done — why is it not done at onceP The Court when efficiently formed will have quite enough to do to work down and to keep down arrears. Procrastina tion in such a matter is trifling with a great mass of human suffering. 