BOOKS. IT has often been said. 'and probably all. ednoated ant thinking; men-rwill admit it, that constant infusioris;o new blood are required to prevent thia colony, br per haps roora'eorreotly, ita inbabitants. degencrattng. Bui without doubt occasional infusions cf the spirit-of the current intelligence<ofUheHome world, is. equally' ( detiderjlum. However unpalatable it may sound, anc especially "lo' a ltrge? section..of its population, Nan Sou th Wal es, owing, no doubt in a considerable d ogres to ita greater agi»,-moro than any otber of the Australier, colonies (the large Southern Island of course excepted, requires new infusions of the spirit ,of the cultivated mind of the old world. To an observant étranger arriv ing" hero, tho ooutraat between the scale of cultivated intelligence--apart Jrom the ordinary routine of life wbioh pervados aooiety generally, but chiefly the middh classes, ia- almost startling, compared to that which, il be oarao from Groat Britain,, he left behind him ¡ an'l oertiirily BO, if he ,'looks-f r conversational qualities Wit lib ut attempting' lo explain, all the influences thai have led to this, I it maybe said that the ohi.f ie tho ab senco of notable perennal instances,, arid of many ot bei local, stimuli, whioh exert such powerful tff'CtB to Ihi goad, in England ;. wbilo from'another .point bf vipwitbt [ infusions' of blood that we do get, as a olaai, aro not o snoh' a' oharnoter,'as tb'add to out stock of tbe.otbei thing. In order, therefore, that we miy keep pace, at far ss may' Be, with the progress of thi intelligence ' of 1 Europe, wo - are mainly Induocc to look to its literature, as containing an almost.inflniti variety of matters,1 which, despite our 'liberal'Konstitu- tion and our freedom, are 'far in advance of whiif wi possess, t For thia reason English literature oBpeclalfj the more recent section of it, not only offers to the lur^t mass of society, a pleosure; which all men coming with : io the terni' civilised are willing to admit, but it also, ir our-'colony,'.- »nob'es .... us- ?'' to- retire "-frr-iii ' immediately : surrounding conditions,? and be. come mentally '? a- spectator' of 'a" - world in many respi ote, far in advanoe of tho general tone ol our own.' Moro or less this'unpleasant effVotbas pro . bobly been felt by tbo'mnjority of readers in 'thia oa'un try. Most.of us also find an additional zeal in reading, when wo know that wo are reading from a book " just out," and. that pleasure ia by no means diminished, when we know that tbe book ia " well got up." As thero ia a great demand, in. New, Sou th Wales .'for literature^, of oouree there is ai liberal supply, whioh is oooaaionálly renowed by valuable oonalgnmenta of firat.olaaa works, got np in good style, and generally ranging at price a to meet the means of the great bulk of society. Wo have now the pleasure of nalioing tbat a most valuable assort ment of booka just arrived," from the well known house br James Hogg and Sons, London, and consisting of . every -variety "'' of ' literature, - will' . be added to tho at cok: - of the' publia literary wealth on Monday next, M'ssra. Obattq and Hughes'having announced tbat the whole consignment, whioh is aa large as it is valuable, is to be disposed of on tbat day without reserve. Amongst a great variety of flrsUaloas authors, whose names figure in tho tillo pagas, is that of De Quincey, who Is best known by bia " Autobiography of an Opium Kater," and whose works seem of late to havo become mora popular than ever. We have a list of soarcely less than 100 reviews of them by the English periodical literature, in which the writers appoir to have endeavoured to outhid eaoh otber in their prodigality of choice expressions, with a view to do jas-, tioo to De Quincey'.) eminent qualities. Here are two of tbtao elaborate oritiqiies : Thomaa Do Qulncoy wo hold to bethe groslestof Eng'leh proa« wiitera. Wo aro not In tbe habit of making auah aaaerttona lightly, and will presently ondeavonr to limit tbo aonae of tho Îinraao to auob proolaion na will oorreapond wltb our full mean og; bul at tho outaet wo atrlko tho koy-nnto of admiration, and bog tho reader to consider tbat all our remarks are made In refar onco to the »orr hi ghost alondards-anon aa the commanding ax oollonceof Do Qulncay'a writing dalma /rom all. It may not ba unnaceaBary lo add, that wo havo no portonal biaa whatevor, except euoh biaa aa may arlan from a friendship formoil during aomo years of delightful Intercourse with his trrirjNjr,-; a biaa which ia In itaolf a criticism, a ncc, wbonoo did thin foollnK grow, but out of tho very excellence ol tbnaa writings ? . , . Tb« groat and orownlng glory of Da Quincey ls thatinaslery over Ibo English language which maila ua to call him tho greaU-at of proaa wrltara. 81uco tho English tangusgo has lieon written, we know ol nothing comparable to hla aiylo, In aplomlour, variety, casó, ldlomatlo richness, and graon ; In all tho qualities of etylo, oen. alderod purely aa form, anti withoutrtiferr.nao to compoaltlon. If any one deslrca to Boo what our Isnguagn ls capnblo of, lot him Bindy Do Quincey. Blylo-by which most mon undoralantl a trlok, euoh as tho Johusonlan, or Maoaulayan-ahould vary with tba varying Impulses ol Ilia euhjoot,-gravo, atatoly, and suv fained, whon expressing solemn and Imperial thoughts.--light, and oarelossly graooful, when playing with tho aulijet,-brief, cloar. and nnadorn. d,wlion sattingforth mopusiliuns.ordoduolug oonoiuaionB,-plaiu and businosa-liko, wnou tlosllug with India pansablo but unlntorosllng ilotnlls. Do Quinooy'a style ia all thia -illa moro than thia-Ula tho most passionately oloquont, the moil thoroughly poolical praso our language baa producod,-the organ-llko grandeur ami varloty of Ita endouoo eiTuctlnff tuemiad, aa only perfoot verso atToota it.-I.tadtr. Ula genius. Tbat la certainly ono of tho moat sin- gular, ID Its powor, variety, cultura, arid oocnnlriclty, our aga baa wllaoaactl. Ula Intellect is at onco solid and aubtlo reminding youofvolned and flngnrod marbia, so beautiful and ovaalva in Banool, that you rnnat lonou oro you aro oottaln of ila flrmneiB. : Do Quincey's stylo ls ono of tho most wondrous of lils gifts. ' Aa Professor Wilson onoo said to us about bim, " Tho boat word always oomen un," Itoomoa up easily, aa a bnbbte on the wave, and la yoi flxod, anlid, and pormanont as marbi». Hla »tyla la at once wurm aa gonlua, and cool aa logic. Frost and Aro fulfil the psradox of " ombraclng each other." Hts faonlllea never disturb or distract auob otbor « movomontt ;thoy aro Inseparable aa eubstanoo and Bhadow.-0\\(fitlan'¡ IJItrary Portrait: ? It is hardly necessary te add that the oataloguo in olndes books to suit all taatou. To those who aro desirous of obtaining, or adding to their stock of this olas» of properly, as. has .boen before intimated, tiioro will bu a fina opportunity offered 'on I Monday next. : , , .. ' ? \ ?. 