POLICE COURT-ADELAIDE. SATURDAY, JULY 30. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] IMPURE WATER.-Robert Venn, landlord of the Golden Fleece, Currie-street, was charged by Inspector Reading with allowing impure water to flow from his premises into Rosina street. The Inspector swore positively that he traced water into the street from a drain in Mr. Venn's yard, where he also saw some boiled carrots. Mr. Venn, in answer to the charge, said he had been at great expense in raising his yard so as to keep it perfectly dry and healthy, and the drain alluded to was one made for the purpose of carrying off the water pumped out of the cellar. The carrots which were seen were merely the leavings of his poultry, as the waste of the table was always thrown down at that spot for the con- sumption of the winged members of his family; and if the Inspector had waited their returning appetite, his anti- vegetable eye would not have been offended with even the ghost of a boiled carrot. Mr. Venn produced two witnesses, boarders in his house, who bore testimony to the clean and wholesome state in which Mr. Venn kept his premises. They had never seen impure water about the premises, but would not positively state there was no water flowing from them at the time the Inspector alleged. His Worship, as the Inspector had sworn positively, said he could not avoid im- posing a fine. Fined 10s. and costs. INCORRECT WEIGH-BRIDGE.-J. Jolly, keeper of a weigh- bridge on West Terrace, was charged by Inspector Duneu with giving the incorrect weight of a load of hay. It ap- peared that a young lad had a load of hay weighed at Mr. Jolly's. After he delivered it to a customer, Mr. Cornish, he weighed the dray at the City Weighbridge, and the differ- ence between the weight there aud at Mr. Jolly's was about 2 cwt. Mr. Cornish said the loss to him through the incor- rect weight would be about 6s. The dray had also been weighed at Spender's bridge, and differed from Jolly's. His Worship told Mr. Jolly there was no evidence or supposition that he gave the incorrect weight intentionally or with design, but it was a case which most clearly came within the operation of the city bye-laws, and it was a most important one, as through a slight defect in the weight a large pur- chaser would be subject to very considerable loss. His j Worship imposed a fine of 10s. 