THE FRENCH AMNESTY. [From the Times Though the amnesty granted by the Emperor of the French has given general satisfaction in France, the chiefs of the political parties for whom the prescription is reversed differ considerably in opinion as to what their course should be with regard to the Imperial act of oblivion. We have already published the declara- tion of Louis Blanc and Victor Hugo ; they both reject the proffered pardon ; the former, while refusing to return to France, admits that private circumstances may justify many others in embracing the opportunity afforded them of resuming their citizenship. Victor Hugo will not cross the French frontier till he can do so hand in hand with Liberty, Both prefer to remain in exile, protesting against the Empire and all its consequences. We have received two additional declarations drawn forth by the amnesty-one from M. Edgar Guiiict.dated from Veytaux in Switzerland ; the second from M. Felix Pyat. We give the substance of both, as they are too long to print in extenso. M. E. GuiiiPt denies the right of the Emperor either to prescribe or pardon him, and declines to return to his country, as his hands would he tied, and he would not be able to serve it. The exiles do not need the permission of any one to re-enter France, as they have the law in their favour, and they alone will decide on the proper time to return to the country of which no one had a right to deprive them. Law, having been proscribed with them, ought to be re- established with them. Instead of accepting an act of favour for himself, he makes a series of demands on behalf of France ; unless so many years of exile, deportation, and death are to be lost to her and to humanity, he claims, as just restrictions to his country, that the ordinary guarantees for security among modern nations he re-established for the French people that no man shall be arrested or deported by a mere act of the Adminis don, or without a regular trial and the verdict of a jury; that it iah shall he mittee that the sentences of the tribunal shall not be altered or aggravated in severity by an air bitrary power that confiscated property shall be restored to the legal owners and as the guarantee that includes all the others, that the freedom of debate and liberty of the press be restored to the nation. He denies the right of proscription under any circumstances and protests against it, as not giving, of being capable of giving, to any one a legal power over those to whom a measure of such a force may be applied. He urges this as the only means of terminating the era of political or scriptions into which the world appears to have re- entered . Each party doing in its turn what was permitted to the party that preceded it, every political change is marked by the expulsion of all those who were opposed to the movement. This, he says, is an outrage on human conscience and as even the free, countries of Europe are silent with regard to it, seeming to acceptthepractice as authorized by success, it is for those who are prescribed to demand justice, not for their own advantage, but for the sake of others. M. Guiney, therefore, like Louis Blanc, de- clines to return from exile under the amnesty and substituting law for liberty,' appears to mean the same thing as Victor Hugo ; the political condition of France must undergo an entire change before they re-enter it M. Felix Pyat, is precisely similar circumstances, takes a different view of he duty and policy of the political exiles ; he does not agree with Louis Blanc, or Victor Hugo, or IL Guinea ; he doubts the wisdom and patriotism of standing aloof from France till France shall have changed, intimating that if all the prescribed wait for law or liberty to cross the frontier of their country with them, they may have to wait an indefinite period. He recommends action, as preferable in this case to suffering, though it is infinitely more difficult and to act for the benefit of France it is necessary to take advantage of the amnesty and return thither, leaving the after steps to time and circumstances. The question to he decided is, which is the more worthy and useful course for the exiles to adopt-to remain in England, Belgium, or Switzer- land, or to return to France ? M. F. Pyat decides for returning, and in so doing claims to represent the opinion of the " great majority of those to whom the amnesty applies. " We protest, he says, for the eternal right of justice and reason," but they would like to see the bravest and strongest " carrying the protest themselves." He then adds : "The amnesty is a weapon for the Empire Why should it not be a weapon for liberty ? Why reject this weapon at once, without knowing whether it will not one day have its hour of opportunity ? Why engage ourselves at once and at all hazards not to employ it. Why should we voluntarily close up the passage? Why condemn ourselves to inaction whatever be the occasion, the facility, the utility, the necessity for action? It is not enough to despise one's enemies at a distance ; it is not enough to protest like free and worthy men ; it is not enough to write in English for France, which reads little, even in French, and never reads at all without the permission of the Government. Why, therefore, a priori, reduce party to impotence and the men of action to doing nothing ? ' When liberty returns we shall return, say these two friends. The mass, on the contrary, says, ' When we return liberty will return.' ' ' What follows is directed against the three leaders who have advised continuance in exile :-" We cannot concur with them that to save France her most worthy sons ought to quit her that it is necessary to leave the enemy in possession of the position in order the better to expel him." He says, " No ; sound sense cannot arrive at such a conclusion and the English press is too practical, its politics are a science too positive, it has too much regard for deeds not to concur with us on the efficacy of the means. Let us, therefore, lay hold of what is sound in common sense, and let us distrust the sublime. The sublime caused us formerly to vote for the return of the Prince who destroyed the Republic and it speaks now against the return of the citizen who may destroy the Empire." Having quoted against the more passive policy a long passage from an address to the electors of France in 1837, in which Louis Blanc advises them not to abstain from voting lest the " paralysis should be reduced to a system, and exhorts them to go boldly up to the ghost and it will disappear," M. Pyat asks, in reference to the present state of things in France, " Does not Louis Blanc perceive the selfish dilemma in which he involves himself when he would make the most worthy yield to the least so, the free confide in the enslaved ? Or, does he think that he can really expect a deliverance at the hands of slaves whom he despises, or of a tyrant whom he hates ? Individualism, to which he is not accustomed, carries away his logic and his memory. What is the use of an army without chiefs, of dough without yeast, of powder without fire, of ciphers without a prefix, of a crowd of slaves without a Spartacus?" Those who can be leaders must not,, argues M. Pyat, be content with lecturing the people of France from a distance ; they must join them at their own risk and peril, or the people may say, " You reserve yourselves for victory but sham battle you counsel us to conquer, but come not to help us ; you would only ' re-enter with liberty, when we no longer have need of you 1" He then proceeds : " To attempt the association of liberty with the Empire is to attempt squaring the circle. There is, then, no alternative but restoration or revolution. Our choice cannot be doubtful. We must sacrifice all to revolution liberty, dignity, solitary grandeur, tastes, works of predilec- tion, prepossessions, fortune, family, life, memory itself everything, except conscience, we must sacrifice to save our country. We must not belong to every country, even though it be free. Let us free our own, if it be true that on the freedom of France depends in some degree the freedom of the world Let then not Louis Blane denationalise himself so much. We should lose too much by his absence. Let him quickly again become that which we have always known him to be in theory and in practice, what he was two years ago, the man of solidarity. Truth does not change, like us, in so short a period. What was our duty in '57 is our duty in '59." As to the difficulties in the way of political action in France, M. Pyat admits they are great that the freedom of the press, one means of influencing the mass of the people, is destroyed; but he asserts that even for the press there will be liberty enough if there is boldness enough," and instances the case of Montalembcrt, who, under all the repressive laws applying to the journals, dealt through the press a heavy blow at the Imperial system. Shall the Liberals of France leave to the Royalists, the Catholics, and privileged orders the duty of exhibiting courage, face to face, and fighting hand to hand ? Could not Louis blanc do what has been done by Montalembert ? If Victor Hugo should return and finish his Napoleon le Petit, would not their trials make a greater noise than that concerning the Indian debate ? If the Liberals and Republicans do not act in France, what will they do? " That which we have done during the 10 years that we have lived and died here in dignity and freedom, while they have lived and died as slaves in France ? What then? Nothing-not even unity of action. Cries of indignation against kings and queens, eloquent refutations, one or two chefs d'ouvre in prose and verse, shots in the air more for the glory of the authors than the destruction of the enemy. Even alter the lightning of the Continents, was the castigated less powerfully enthroned, triumphant, and amnesty in? Shall we leave him and his to take root for another 10 years? Were we not banished, we should do our best to strike him down at the risk of exile. Let us go to combat, not to consecrate him; to swell the ranks of his adversaries, not of his slaves. Louis Blanc says that at present we can do nothing in France, and yet he f adds that the amnesty is a proof of 'feebleness rather than of force. Forward, then! A single act of devotion and I coldness in France will have more influence on the French people than all the sheets of paper which it is possible to print in London. Let us, then, strike at this feebleness. ' Go boldly up to the sudden ghost, and it will disappear.' " Finally, in favour of boldness of action, or of what Denton called "reduce, et toujours de Candace," M. Pyat instances what was done by Mallet against the Great Napoleon, and by Louis Napoleon himself against Louis Philippe and the Republic : " Louis Blanc knows that a prisoner, in spite of prison, police, and army-a solitary man-Mallet, almost achieved a revolution against the first Empire and what one man alone almost succeeded in accomplishing against the uncle, will not the whole party dare to attempt against the nephew ? * A learned historian, he knows well that those amnestied by Louis XVIII., with that glorious Manuel at their head, bore a good part in the revolution of July. He who has written the Histoire de Dix Ans knows well that those amnestied by Louis Philippe, the refugees in London, where we now are, Manast, Cavaignac, Gurnard, and others, rendered on returning effective service in the revolution of February. Finally-last and most terrible recollection of all-he, a member of the Provisional Government, knows (too well, alas!) that the am- nestled of the republic Louis Napoleon himself re- entered to destroy it. If the Prince had rested in dignity at London, and contented himself with protesting his principle ; if he had said, " Ubi princeps in patria; when the empire returns I shall return," assuredly we should not have to return ourselves to restore the republic." 