THE NOMiNATIOX, Describerl in a latter from Jta-LAKKT O'Gatp, of Unthiirnt, to his friend and cousin, Me. SIurtocii MeitrUY, i .' Ballynamon:-, Ireland.. ' Deah MrsToc-n.— I towld yon that I would let vou kno.vjill about oui- Election, nnd now I take up niv pin. honin thnt tb«e few lines will find yourself nnd tlu ovvkl woman nnd tlio collcons in good he-ilth, ns it lave-mno at present, thnn'vi lw to Ood, but the tlivil from mo if I think it was nn Ulesiion nt nil, for 1 went round to all Hid vntin plnees, thryin for n bit of sport, but there was not tho ghost of n shillelagh that I could see, except my own lilllj bkc.; thorn that f (-u= in tho wood of Dieriinmun, nn up to this bless»d 'l:iy it never mused lire. Well, I held it reatlv for action, but tlie spalpejns wo'ild'nt show fiVit. dch! then Murtoch, m- ly a limn I wish I wn back in tho o.ild spot, whore there's ploitv of kippjen^, nnd lot- of wVshkv, and boys that can usj both. On the nio-iiin evervthintr looked pramihiti fo;- fun, tlie divil such a lot of (lag-i and uolnut-s you eve saw nt n furo thnn there was tlyin about, nnd in inanv places tho gncn Hag of tin de.u- ould land ciiis'it my eye, like Ki-hleen Noonnn did the tl.-st timo tint I suv h3? piuty log nn foot at the faro of Bnllymahon ; nn faith, I sworo on my kippwn that she should bo mm?, nnd so she is, osnotly m-sha wns that samo div, only o litlle bit althored in shape. Well, aft he'.- havin a drop of something dillbront f-om tbo good auld Tnnishowen,' (God bless itj' I rnnds for tho lliistrn or whatever they call \t. There vrui n dnle of sliovin ab-jut, but' -the divil a bit of light would ' any of 'em show, although X ground tbo . toco of a.-gooiUm.-Hiy.of thu fooU that .wn« blowin, but t'wasno'go. T felt a tpueh on my shoulder, nnd a fine good looking buld guntlj man wid hair as white as the snow on the Galtecs tould mo 'to be quiet like a good follow,' and faith. I sworo to him that I woulil, for ho' spoko so nnte and kind that I'd' go up - to my nock in the ' Shannon for him; for what would'nt I do for a. kind Wovd ? but if it w\s one of tho iiadora, bad luck to 'om, he'd keteh hould of me, nnd shako me, tho dwip would lise in me, and I'd give the spalpeen a. tnstd of n well sasonod .bViokthorn that would , tncha him betther innnncrs: and then faitK' it would ho fiuu-n-ballngh and no mistake. Well a dale of ftintl. men went up on tho dthrop, but whet am I aiyhvl m-ine, tho hustin, (for it. looked like tho dtbrop), and then thoybogaif . An ould gintleiuan road a big lottlier wid A b-? sale on it, but lie spolio such'a divil of a brajue, (an' not an Ii- ish one either,* what liat-m if it was) that upon my soo-1 I'd bo n%hnraod to open my mouth, if I was him. ' Well, after him up comes a1 littJe Jcbnp, an- fnith he jnndo me. laugh ready to die,'; A trail ' Murtoch! dbii't you' rimimbaV ,the parrot that tlio oiild' Kurncl brought-! from uirr'm parts, ?an thnt Ilia niiisia used to havp ohnined to n pil lar in the front of tbo grate house; so that tho' otnathatuiB could- seo him an hear him spake I Woll, foe all tho world tho littlo chap wid tho rod face and queer mouth reminded mo of the samo pai-ret, nor the divil a word of what hoi slid could I undlherstnnd. Well, afthor him up jumps a littlo. min, nti'-ho began about Rotton, an what a divil. of a fine fellow ho waa, an \yhat, an n38 Clenenfs wns, an t hin bdgnn swarin . at some mandamus owdaeions paper; ho grew rod wid rnge, an Giith I thought he'd bust .a! blood vossel, sol whit nndther the dthrop to; kotdli him when lio'd fall, but thoy : dthrnggei Iiim b.^k, an I suppose thoy gavo him uomethih to revive him, for he clid'nt 'go into fita. afthcr all. \ So then Mr. Itotton, . camd to tbo pcratch, nn towld ns '.suoli a lot of ilrie thinaH about charity 'to Clargi/, and whiifhe would do wid tho land if they put him in, jist as if tho wliolo eounthry belonged to himself, so that I. mule vip my mind to cqllar.as soon ns I could a bit of ground that' I- saw -plose'h-indy,. beforo ho hiis anything to. do wid serving it out. Well, he towld what nice num Ohineymen nre, nn what fins husbands they'd make for the Im migrant girls, an only that I gave that nios ould ginllemnn my hand anil word to keep thepnoe, I'd give him' jiiy humble opinion on th'a'.miitthor. Oeh ! Murtoch', them same Chinoyhien -is suoh ugly divils, and' so like the monkeys thnt wo used to sco in the shows a/ home, nn tho divils spake so like 'em, tliat owld Mick himself obuld'nt po: su-ido me bxit that 'thoy -belong to' the' same family. 'Woll he towld us what a grnto man lie wis in tho House, and how ho talked 'em aH out, so I began to get tired, an I went an lind another , tasto to w»t iny othor eye, an afthor liglitin my' dutleen, (as purty a ono as over you elippotl ybiir oyos on, an ns black aiyourhat,)-I sthrolledup a^ain, anil the. divil fi-oin me if Rotton was'nt' blazing awny still, Och! but he'd mnko a divil to praoho. in the Phosnix on a Sunday. .Well, I had nnolhor turn round,' an a look- nt the colleans, tho dnrlins, for there's plenty of 'om here (if a hay wns'nt marred,) «o I thought of ' tado us not into temptation,', and I wont ivito t!ie next shonbeon, and drank to my own thrae Knthlron nrnohrea'slieaHh(Godbless hor),magri machree Met volleen baton, and agin niado for* thodeld of action, Mr. Ilotton, poor littlo -man, wasnearl.vcooked.nn' I'da'skliiintohavoadthrain, only my honor was pledged to keep tho pace, nn'*it.wa3 quite a relief when he finished an pii' on his c-nubcen. Well, tlm next fellow thnt «tepn»el ? ji-wii-dwiw n de«plp nf Cn.imn (wlioufsf bo \ra») hut if Iid was. tha tou nshis pupil, fiiitli, I nfould'nt give much for him. Wc-ll, lis »tfl ajgood. d.iit'. about Free Trade, n-n ?r- on, but if [ Hi -p-i1p(icn like /him jdirfd to come nmi»nc« ijintlomen in Trelnnd he'd bo- 'quietly dipjH-tl.in llie neTt horsepond onnviiyniaut. f wondthnr how it, U- tliey aoidil'nt.got nomotliin in tlte shape of a gimicman to do what ho thry'd to do (lint biTit^ixJ day, an a grate -lay far Aidtralii it Ki.71. Woll, when ho wns done spiikiu, there was as pretty a piece of.nctin na ever Tjoonard who used to net in nil the big towns in Ireland could doj his comrades in (I think thev call it) RnobWy, lhitle him a most benutifut' present ol' a Icithcni rosst ivid the' word Turn coat. done in beautiful letthcrs in tho middle or it ! They tell ma tint be is a Ua/ionimliun or nn Atheist or tiu Infidlc, divil from mo if I know .which,. 'but maybe 'tis to'nll the tbreo ho belongs, nn, more than thnt, I henrd bo was n Cnthrrlio )il;o oiir s-ilves nt ono timo, nnd that's why thoy culled him Tarn-coal the laccaqh. Woll up comas nnothor, an he commenced blu'thcrin nbout woles an' wagribomt, sO I let him say his siy, as I would' nt 1)o . bothered lhtenin' - to any spnlpesn who could'nt spake an rite the Kngh'sh ' ];ingim^-- pro- evly. 'Iliero wns nnothcr lnniu fellow, who thinks himself all in nil, and second to nobody in the tnlkiii line, not even Billy Dnlley- him-, self, but I'm towld Mint, all his parleyvoo countriYymeri on his fn'.honi beforo him nro inJIMeA Viih «U»-*mjodii-ii«-'. Tlio follow thinks bo'U be u mimb-'- wt, and. Vfco. . .V.-51 tj,.mlc.us, ?»nK.ii»hit''l!51»i! 'r. gn lr- Knal-md to b.jniiiiU a; 'niimVKUo the fellow in- Melbourne, .a-u(. iiftbai all to ba sent b.iok wid his tail between his legs, tmdjbol instead of sir added to bis name. Well, tlic next man tint appeared was n rcglar jolly Iookin chap, bo liad n twinkle nbout his oye onrt a jolly red flic*; that made m» ns ? shuro as tliat there's goats in Kerry or sticks in Cratloe, that. hn could do hi» bottle, or glass. oVnuh hot, nn that he wns « divil nniongib* girls, such .ft chap, as would bo tho first to jnako fun nt a wnkc, or nwc.ldin, nn'would think as. littlo about aliy.in n deiKintlior at tho lirad of. nny nnfortiinnta divil that would crow him, ns I would of brtikin a kippecn on the pnte- of a friend »t a Tairora pallhern, but the divil a bit of the number nbout Mil in tho kirnin war, although thev made him ono, and tie a grent pity, but', tis all tar the w«nt of the primmer. At nny. rate ho thrv'd to tell ns that he wns honest, (divil thank bim), mid that -he'd do t do-no-what for the CiM-py, (iiri«t« nn nil, though' the- divil n hair he ciirv» S)r M*»)» .»T« t?iat he'd throw open tho land and that lid'tl ina':^ a Ituilwaj- nt (rooil ns ever the one was from Dublin ift Cork,' and that, he'd movo tho Blue Mountains holiiVhobis, nnd iiv« in their place a flnt for alieetrn-rid '(-nttle ^raxin, nnd the devil knows ?wliii tftfe, -.t!t r-llln-r i'l he h« very fiirjicient (m i}u»l4r';-.'i IimW.- AVhat fun itwill bo to hear. Kirii'SHi : liji'i-tvWHking ah omnthaun of him1 *sjlf,»' 'f 'I ^»rti'»t'«i H'i;ho?ts' I'd have no 'Joubt ?'?SbVfuc'-ilr.t -.i-n.!: i|iBt:lvtvt'L.Btnnd i!p in Hie ? in- :?'*- t.u «|kiK.v ( wliWuX. »l.*n't think he will .,,.-?-,- -jt..Vi ??, : :!v.V«t!'.orpt..«rT)8i1,-,iOnittan,IJur;kp, nr. .-.IT ? h. :%..:?? ..;-ii'i)h*r»3»;hifc',are.aend, would' ;.i-j»?'.ua«;i t;ir.»ih;;iuJtjj^|I|S«W;b«' l^»lWn skeleton ofan inanimate nonentity' as.another of our ianiuses most minutely obsarved. I will wt-ite you moro a'lout all tho Elections when I have time, lii.t I expert ibat Katliio-jii will bo soon in tho tlhram, nnd that will bo more news. So rcmimber mo to your ould woman nnd the colleens. . I remain, Murtoek my ilarlin, your ould f-iml and couain, LARRY O'O.XFP. 