\- H FACTS AND SCRAPS TIIB'ÇÎOST OF WAH.-The soldier costs annually-to each inhabitant (according to a Belgian paper)-in England, J 2s.-OJ,; France, >10J. lOd. ;-Russia.. OS. Od.; Austria, Os.lHJ.; I'rustdi, Os. Cjd. Prussia, whose soldier oists the least of all European States, has, sinoe 1816, the period of .the last goneral peace, expended on its army moro'than 1300 millions of thalors. In this State oaoh individual pays into the Exchequer 20s. lOd. Tho countries of Europe p >y annu illy for the maintenance of their armies in time of peace, £73,313,760; for the fleets, £17,(167,000. : Wheu war ooours, frosh expenditure is ot courso immediately incurred for munitions of war,' equipments, the transportation of mon, bor BOB, and pro visions. This'outlay hr reckoned by millions. The peaceful armies of Europe now amount to 0,706,000 men ; tho navies to 210,000. This is 10 per cent of the male adult population of Europn withdrawn from the pursuits nf industry, and constantly maintained under arms.' Who con oaloulato the loss sustained by agrioul. lure and oommerco by the withdrawal of so many strong arma trom UBcfnl labour. ' [Look at the butcheries now taking placo to pienso those who amusp themselves .at tho game of war I 40,000 " at ono fell swoop." A WAI.KINQ ADVERTISEMENT.--Mr. S, C Hall bas published his " Leoturoo on Authors." Ile tells an old story of the popular authoress, Mary Russtl Milford, whora'Mlss Landon has desorlbed tn " Saurho Panzi in petticoats." Her face and figure were broad, round, ".nd .good-humoured, tba tatter iridicativo rather- of intoliigsaae than genius. Tho mysteries of a fashion .bia toiletta woro unknown to her. On tho occasion af an evening party at Mr. S. O. Hall's, abo had pm abased an .unbecoming yollow turban ; and tho shopkeeper having forgotten to remove from behind it a'lurga ticket, she moved about tho room during tho evening adver- tising herself,,to tko merriment of tho catire company, as " very ohasto.: only Os. Od." . "LOVB ME, LOVS uv Doo I"-If you wish to boonmo . . favourite with .your neighbours, buy a little snapping barking eur, and ^Jo him up in the coller all night. They'll not slaon"th.iaking of you and tbankiug you for your friendship. I'jtoi'iTS of LiTtsrtAifjiB.-Sir E. Bulwer Lytton h«B . mode about X'18,000 hy Jtis last «ovni, a boob fn four volumes, at two gulooas. Another 0000 edition has just been issued. A OH ANCE von TUE AUSTRALIAN Aurnons.-The King of Bavaria has oJIVred a prize of 200 Jouis d'or (about XDfl) for the best drama, illustrative of German history. Competition open to all nations : ia ordor that Australia may have A chanco, tbs timo fur sondíng in manuscripts is fixed for November 1800. . THE EFFECTS OP IQNOIUNOU,-A newly appointed constable lately undertook to turn out a man, who; as he thought, was Interrupting tho praoandirifjs. Thu gontlo. man quietly withdrew, and tho constable was soon after- .? informed that he had turned ¿ut the Sheriff. < !' 1 EKOIJSII STEAM VBIUIUS AMF.IUOAN -John 'Bull baa . 9000 steamships in. her foreign murcnotito and postal i norviae, !ThQ.«< UniyeranJ 'Yan|<oo Nation'" hos but .-, seven, .<.<!.:?. --. 1 ,r-"«.r I" : ;...' .> , ...>!.»>. ?-, 'AN KND'TO .DOMESTIC' JlappjNEsa.-A Ü'ady, claiming io be emancipated, proposes that young mea mod women he-set up io bou elieepiog'before tliey aro allowed to ba engaged7; that thu young women shall'wash, mend, KndyUiHt; and that a new-born infant be procured from he hospital 1o take charge of in addition to her other .luties. She thinks this process""would '.disenchant": the young people. ¡. ' ? . ? r. ? . ; : ;.,'.?. «'.? ',. AMERICANISMS.-A' miser is said to have held on to every sixpence till it squealed. .An impatient lover pulled tha bell with such violence tbit the lap-dog howled with the t ar-ache., ; - .", "t MODEIIN DIPLOMATISTS.-The .Chevalier Wyokoff, of Fanny -Elsler notoriety, has been appointed by the Government of the United States-where be is well . known,:as,atfacÄ« of various rowers, foreign .and do- rnest io-to carry out ,the ratified .'treaty with China, j This " honourable'*, gentleman is thcnuin who accepted' seoret-service money from Lord' Palmerston.' When hi could net no more money, ho pinked a quarrel with the noble lord, and) out of spite, wrote a. book telling the seortts that had been intrusted jo .him,'and giving the' public a "peep" into Lord,Palmerston's private man sion, which,he had been, incautiously permitted to enter, on 'he rooting'of'a gentleman. CONSULS IN TITIUBLÉ.-.Tho French ConBul at New Ovleinw, M. M^gnn,' has been arrested on a charge of h labouring a negro sailor'who'had deserted his ship.' His: colleagues, very properly, protested against hts arrest.- [Another "gentleman "'of the Consular body,' not very far from. Syd ney, has- been' getting into slight difficulties of late; we may-venture to assert that tbe criminal arrests whioh ora likely to follow in conse-; qneneé, will not; be resented by the Consular anthoiities residing in the city to which'we make allusion.'] ? ' A GOOD CHOP EXPECTED.-Decayed farmers are tobe provided fór'¿: like 'their 'own- crops.-' Mr."' Alderman. -Mi chi proposes' to establish' " A Royal Agricultural Benevolent College," fo'r'the;" decayed,", their, spouses, and their uproots, for'which 'JC50,000 is to be raised,' from tho' seed already-planted.' The market will, no doubt, bo well supplied. . '.>? J . i;' TUE BONDON STOCK EXCHANOE.MA.DE RABID.-Twenty failures were announced on the English Stock Exchange tn one.doy, one for more than £100,000. ' A .panio en ru-fd; tliH confusion was indescribible; in two days a fall'ofS'i'per cent. ;-the'Rothschilds said to have lost £3,000,000 in the value or their securities ; the day after nineteen failures ;' tho newspapers containing unfavour- able news turn op with manifestations of tage1 and.in dignation; One of tho'largest defaulters paid his ore-' rlitor's £25.000, or about 5s. in the pound. The entire' fall in tho value of English securities was estimated ni £60.ooo,ooo:' :'. , :;, ' ' -; BAHNUM LIBELLED.-Mri Barnnro, the Prmeo' of Yankee '; speculators," is'desiróú»'of commencing an aotion against' the Lancaster'Guardian' for defamation of 'character, in- calling Lord 'Derby's'Beform measure" a "Biroum Bill." - What could they mean f -' 1 J Sins. CAUDLE SILENCED.-AU husbands should join in a testimonial to the Vioe.Chancellor, Sir B. Kin dersley. 'His fiat has gono forth. Io a late case be remarked-" Generally speaking, a wife is not eufH ciently obedient to her husband's wishes I ' What do you say, Mr. Caudle ? After ber habitual query, Mrs. Caudle gave'tba ghost,-with the intention .of sending it to haunt Vioe- Chano llor Kindersloy for the term of his natural life. : . ..'/:.' - ?".:-'. '; .'.', '? " "THE GHOST" of Mrs. C. atys that women, in conse- quence "of their obedience; are only, trampled on :. that the matrimonial market is in a sufficiently depressed .state, without an old big-wig shaking his horsehair at her; that the poor thing's (.how are the mighty fallen !] do not say their.««,obey" out of mero ¡form or ceremony, but with every intention, of keeping.it ; «nd if wives do not let their husbands h'ave their own way, it's because it is not good/or them. : Old Farquharson, however, says that woman never . truly .command till-they have given their promise to obey,;- and that they are never in less danger'of being made, slave's than when they'are at the feet of men 1 'A hitit for tbe fair, sex worth knowing. 