THE TEN COMMANDMENTS AS TAUGHT IN OUI DAYi SCHOOLS. £DITO!t OF TIlB LAUNCESTON XAUMINKlt. San,-A short time since I visited one of our putlio day schools under the Roard of Education, Around the walls wore sus pended various lesson boards, one of which was headed "The ten commandments." It had the stamp and warrant of the Tas manian Board of Education upon it, and I presume Is, or should be, used in all the schools under this board. On glancing over it some words seemed not quite familiar, to me, and I took up a Bible to see. The coni mandmeuts weor introduced by two verses taken word for word from the 19th: chaps of Exodus. Then I marked the following. variations : Verse 3.-"Before my face," in the place of "before' mfe," given to our English Bible. V. 5.-" Thou shalt not worship thiem," for "thou shalt not bow down thyself to them ;" and "I am tlhe Lotd thy God, mighty, jealous," for I, thie Lord thy God, am a jealous God." V. ?-"S hall take," for "taketh. V. li-"Sanctifled," for "hil lowed." V. 12-" Prolonged," for "long"; "gives," for "giveth." " V. 17-"Nor ihis servant, nor his: handmaid," for "nor his man 'servant, nor his maid servant." .I am unable, just now, to verify the cor rectness of the rendering of "all these .,words" which "God spako" which our venerable translators have given us, but I 'presume that, whatever controversy there :may be with reference to the verbal inspira tion'of the Holy Scriptures, words so direct from God as these have a peculiar emphasis and solemnity in them. and no jot of them should 'belost or lightly changed. The .,variations above noted may be but verbal and immaterial, and are doubtless adopted with tile well meant idea of rendering the whole more simple, exact, and grammatical; this is evidently the design in some instnnces, though in others there seems a change for the sake of change as in verse 17, where the words " servant nor his handmaid" are sub stituted' for "man servant nor his maid servant," while In the loth verse the latter .words are retained. But whatever may be the motive, or whether the copy in question is taken from any other version of tile Iotly Scriptures supposed to be preferable to the received and standard version, to my mind it is an offence against good taste, common sense, and the religious instincts of those who have been taught to regard the Bible as written "not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which tile Iloly Ghost teacheth" (1 Cor. ii, 13). It will go 'to produce confusion and perplexity, and to undermine our reverence for theBible as tinhe word of God. Improving and paraphrasiug the Holy Scriptures will be likely to lenad to refloingand explaining them away, and then wresting them for perverse purposes or re jecting them as being of no determinate meaning or supreme obligation. If the admission be made that tile ten command ments: can be more correctly expressed than they are in the 20th ch. of Exodus, one cannot tell where It may lead, or what abuse may be made of the license by mischievnous and reckless persons. A troublesome passage of scripture would be easily explained away, or 'so glossed and shaded off as not to be known again. At the risk of being regarded as old-fashioned and behind the age-of hug ging antiquity with a childish affection-I would rather have the superstitious scrupulous ness of the ancient Jews, who counted the words and letters of every book over and over again-knew the exact number of them, tile middle one, &e.-thao; allow such liberties to I be taken with the sacred word. Whan the revision of the English Bible question was e agitated a few years since, it elicited the fact, as shown by Dean French and others, that the number of instances in which any improve. r meet might possibly be made in thebo present version was so Infinitesimal that it was not d worthy to be compared with the risk that a woald be ran and the precedent that would be ih shoew in unsettling the existing order of t0 things The words of another accomplished p critic (Professor Stuart) deserve to be remem- d bered. He was wont to say that when he be. - gaa his milolstry he used to find many textrs where he could improve the rendering, and so altered King James. Some fifteen years later a he found less occasion to alter ; and now at ri the end of thirty years study, he could only c admire the excellencies of our common version, b and seldom attempted to improve a verse. n Some time ago I heard the teacher of another large day school in the colony en forcing with great energy and unction the cor- . i reelted edition of the Lord's Prayer, "'Our F F:ather who," &c.;, "thine are the kingdom," b. &c.;, and I could not but think that Instead of A ' suggesting that our venerable translators were ai "nalearned and ignorant men." as I think a thoughtful child would infer. it would •haveubeen quite as well to say that tile best ' authorities among our old writers support p the application of "which" to persons as I well as things, and that the verb "to be" is I often understood where not expressed. o However, the above exceptions wiich I have n ventured to take would not constitute a a grievance sufficiently serious to trouble you " . with, and I should have been content to pocket my scruples, but that, with reference f, ,to, the second commandment, there appears to me to be a more striking and significant Sdifference. In the school copy it runs tirus: "Thou shalt not make to thlyself a graven thing ; nor the likeness of any thing that is p in heaven above, or on tile earth beneath, or in the waters under the earth, &ec.;, nl tile a place of "Thou shalt not make unto thee any' graven 'image, or any likeness of any Sthing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, 'or that is in tihe water i ..under. the earth, &a.; I thought, is this c ..differenco merely verbal also ? or is there i ::,-any, design, by smoothing down a rough a "word, to make it elastic and comprehensive r `enough to embrace the Roman Catholic r portion of the children ? My apprehensions s were somewhat justified by finding that this r is as near as may be the version of tile 1 second commandment given in the Douay n Bible, and the distinction between "graven b image" and "graven thing" is tihe pivot on u which an important question turns, and the way in which Roman Catholics seek toavert ti . the reputatation of violating the second a , ,Commandment. In the Douay Catechism, .under the chapter concerning the command. - ments in particular, is the following ques tlon::-"Do not those words, 'Thou shalt l 'not make to thyself any graven thing, forbid the making of images ? No : they forbid the making only of idols ; that is, they forbid making images to be adored or honoured as gods ; as it is declared in these words, ' Thou shalt not adore them, nor serve them." So I that the words, 'Thou shnlt not make to A ..thyself any graven thiing,' &e;,, are only an , explanation of the foregoing words, ' Thou "'shalt not have strange gods before me." ( ::If my assumption is correct, Is not this, 5 Mr. Edltor, a palpable surrender of Divine truth to human expediency and error ? Is I ' it not a'coming down and compromise un worthy of a' Protestant nation ? If I am blunderitg in the dark I shall be happy to , be corrected by yourself or any. obliging correspondent. I enclose my card, and am, I Yoors prulycr, n Oarnoox. g 