; hunting: i '' . imur ai iiiixioij rjjttK (From Bell's Life in Tasmania, 18th Sentcmlmr \ A peculiar bnlo hnunts tho memorv oftne writer wiio. ho thinks' of the sylvan glades of Hutton Vnrk, for Uice it was, on his arrival in Insmnniii, just a twclvemnniv since, that ho first heard the welkin echo to the h ' Cheerful sound of horn nnd hound 1' - nnd tho first ocension of his ' putting pon to paper ' it, record tho sports of his newly adopted home was a sketch of the glorious day's fun then enjoyed. Manva pleasant hunt has ' Nimrod's Ghost' since had with thn Westwood and Mellon Mowbrny pnck3: but it in «trin»i° according to human naturo to return to the scene it ' ono's first lovo,' and seek tlio sumo pleasures = ' In fact or fancy o'er again.' Somo snch strong inducement whs- indeed necessary in induce a man who had been at n gay party all night to ' '' rush homo just In tin.o to change dress coat nnd ''loncs' for ' pink nnd tops,' and mount the coach at five o'clock in tho morning for a drivo of nearly forty miles toths ' appointed tryst. Nevertheless, tills rather arduous task was'checrfully fnced, and by dint of thinking of tho an ticipated stag hunt,, indulging in nnocdotlcnl chat with that fine old four- in-hander, Jem Porter, and taking an occasional road-side ' rofroshonor,' tho ' Ghost' arrived nt Melton'Mowbr'ay quito wido-nwnko. Thcro ho found tho worthy master of the pack, Mr. S. Blackwoll, snuflinc thoonrly air, and prognosticating, n good lying scent Speedily eamo cantering up to bead- quarters soveral of the ' regulars,' nnd soon after ten o'clock tho houndi - wore unkennelled,' and word given lo mako n start. Bt tbo kindness of Mr. B., the chronicler was mounted on his fnyourlto marc, Miss Flirt, nluclt not exactly a deair nblo timber jumper, nor quite, so suro at her fences as Conrad, whom he rodo his first cross-country go at the Hutton Park meet spoken of above, and who has since turned out so excellent n steeplechaser. A few miles spin ; through- tho bush brought us to the 'Hospitable ' '' mansion of John Bi«deo,Erq, where an. elegant lunch ? awaited the assembled sportsmen. After a dojoortwo of ' jumping powder,' the horses wero ordered ont, and a cavalcade of about a score mounted ' eager for tlio fray.'1 This solect Hold was composed of the Messrs Bisdccs, Butlers, Cogles, Oldmemlow, Frnscr, Floxmore' Hamjlto'ti, Pickon, Frost, Nlcholls, Speed, etc. As it wns intended to look for outlying deer, Mr. John Bisdca ?acted; ns guide to the favourite coverts, llr. Blnckwoll nnd the whipper-in having some difficulty in keepinc tho hounds well in hnnd, owing lo tho quantity of kan garoo in the samo whereabouts. After drawing for about twenty minutes; the' little darlings began to foathcr nnd : jWhimper in a ycry likely looking spot for nn ovornight lair, nnd soon dashed away in full-mouthed chorus. A short gallop pro7Cd that they had hit the right trail for five noble harts were viewed, careering nway on tho side of n thinly timbered hill. Unfortunately, after crossing this, tho ground became pcrnbby, and tbo pack divided in ' two, each division having its own followers. ? By a simi lar cbanco, a flying doo got up bofore both parties, nnd tho nnture of tbo country not allowing of- tho bonnds being wbippod'off, two capital runs wero simultaneously enjoyed, each ending In a kill. Tho shrill notes. of the . mastor's horn having rallied tho field togethor, a second attempt was made to discover a stag; but a big long- ' tailed .'mi getting up at vlow, in a beautiful open coun try, it was thought best to 'take tha goods tho gods ! provided,' and1 away we rattled ? in pursuit. Soveral tolerably easy leaps were crossed in safety by all, nnd the steam was fairly up, when rather a ' boomor' loomed ahead, and caused two or throe to look right nnd left for gaps. Luckily for ♦bo.', oraners,' however. Miss Flirt proved n real coquctto by getting into such playful diffi culties on tho top, of the fence at caused a lot of the logs to givo way, and thus opened a passage. In a couple oE miles or so from this, and when wo had just got into the scrub again, n fino doo (deer) crossed tho line, nnd the run was immediately divcrtod after so long-wlshcd-for a .qunrry. For a long timo tho gamo little hounds stuck ;to her, and we had already entered tho largo paddocks bordering on tho cultivated ground, whore tho mettlo of horse nnd man would bave -been thoroughly tested, ' '' .whop, singularly enough, our lino wns a fifth time changed by.a kangaroo. So eager were tho hounds, and so much hard galloping had tho horacs already had, Hint it was useless trying :to head them, nnd the field thore fore followed ' nilly willy' in the now direction. This, unfortunately, proved a rather disagreoahlo one, for we got amongst rocks, nnd had to go up and down stony gullies, such as most folks would not cross, even nt a walk, nt nny other time than in the oxcitoment of a chose. However, all got safely over the difficulties, nnd tbo long-tailed 'un was eventually run into, nftor a few Bbort checks. Although .this was the third kill, with scarce any cessation for breathing time, it was thought advisable to try tha outskirts of the park a3 ft last chance ' for tho deer wo had lost;- but tho wind became so sud denly cold that no scent would lie, and tho sky th.eatcn ing rain, the drawing was , soon given tip as useless. Before wo could reach Melton Mowbray, a heavy shower drenched us thoroughly, but a savoury kangaroo ' steamer' and other solid as well as liquid luxurlw, mado us speedily forgot such petty outdoor troubles, ntd wo cheerfully toasted-' our. next merry meeting.' i,A. t .-,,; , ' ? , NIMROU'B QJtIOST. ? 