SYDNEY, MONDAY, OCTOBER'S, 1869.; IN the Legislativo Assembly on Friday, 'the SPEAKER took the chair at twenty- five minute! past three o'clock. ; ".? . . ; \- Mr. COWPER announced' that: Mr. . Edward Flood had accepted the office of Minister'ol Works, ' and ; therefore moved ' that his seat as member for Canterbury be declared vacant. In answer to questions it was stated by Minis- ters ;-that the question of establishing a light- house at Port Stephens should be referred to the Pilot Board ;--that the Government did intend, this session, to introduce a-Bill tc amend the Insolvent Law ;--and that there was a sum of money on the Estimâtes for the re- pair of the road between Parramatta and Vine- gar HUI. ', '. t ? * \, ' Mr. PAKKES moved for the appointment of a Select Committee to. inquire into the ¡con- dition of the- Working Classes of the Metro- polis. He expatiated on the great importance of such an inquiry, and the.necessity!that there was for great caro and labeur in the pre- paration of the returns. He thought they would show that there was a working class in !this city equal to any in 'the'world, and'that there waB also a ? very ' ' large., proportion very irregularly or not at all em- ployed, and 'enduring very great distress^ in consequence, and also a large class known as a dangerous class", in large' cities. ; Public meetings of the . unemployed, had. been frequently hold. of late years in .Sydney, and public, works had been pressed on to relieve the labour market ; it would therefore be wrong not to make this enquiry; , As . to house' ac- commodation, sp many/diseases were attribu- table to improper ventilation-so much infant mortality-that it was amazing that ?3 private capital did not seek an investment in, that direction! as in England, wherecottages, let for half-a-crown a week, were better supplied with sanitary conveniences than many' mansions in this colony; The effect of improper dwellings acted not only on the physical, : but also on the moral health of the people. There was à larger amount too of juvenile vagrancy in this city, in proportion to its population,' than in any. other city of , the empire, amounting indeed to more than 1000 individuals, a large proportion of whom we're females of tender years living by prostitution. If his pro- posal for a nautical school ' had been carried out, much', infant vagrancy would have ¡been prevented, and materials would have been pro« vided for an Australian marine. The enquiry, though disagreeable, ought to bo thorough ; and whatever energy or knowledge ho possessed should be cheerfully, given if tho Committee ??^BSA^WUIÍHAI^TIIaW; utieúúuu' uiuo 'to "a con- siderable amount of respectable distress which' he thought might well be included in the la- bours of the Committee, which should have his cordial suDnort. Mr., BLACK thought tho results would be valuable if the information.sought could really be obtained. Tho, three .prominent, causes of distress wore - intemperance, the Immigration Regulations, and tho. Land Láw.' It was the height of inconsistency to'take money from the unemployed. labourer to pay for the introduc- tion of fresh labour. He believed tho distress was much greater than would bo believed either here or at hoirie, and expressed his opinion that the house-accommodation.:in Syd- ney was more defective than in any large city of ¿Europe or America. ? ; Mr. DAIIVALL cordially concurred in the Resolutions, but was sorry to see them sup- ported by exaggerated statements to the preju- dice of the Colony. . There was certainly no falling off in the demand, for labour in the country generally.', Tho great evil was intem- perance, arising not from want; but in reality, from the very excess .with which labour was remunerated. Immigration was not to-blame -it was tho sort of immigration. The poor gentlemen, with University education perhaps, should not como hero-hut for the steady hard- working labourer, New South Wales was the garden of the world. As to botter dwellings, there were millions of foreign capital in tho banks, which would no doubt flow in that direction, if lt were not that tho excessiveness of wages would make such an undertaking, un- profitable. .With regard to tlie more respecta- ble class of destitution, ho thought it might, from motives of delicacy, well be left to private benevolence. . ' , ' , ;...,, ? Dr. LAND thought the most important fact to bo regarded in considering tho question was the .immense proportion of city', to rural popu- lation-hoing in fact one to four ; whereas, in ancient and modern history, ho had never found it higher than ono in ten. Bo unnatural a dis- tribution must be fraught with the "direst con- sequences. Of course, it was tho scandalous land system of past years, that, by stifling ono of the strongest instincts in the mind of civil- ised man, had brought about this evil. And this was the fruitful parent of intemperance too, which was to bo considered rather an effect J than a cause, and which was not a matter as ho thought, for direct legislative interference. Neither was immigration by any means a causo of the distress :-Why, instead of 300,000, ho hoped himself to seo tho day when there would bo 3,000,000 people in this colony ; and that would bo only a very insignificant amount of population for such a country. Ho hoped bis expectations of, the results' of tho motion would hn morn flinn rfltilionrl. Mr. DICKSON thought any legislative inter« forenco with tho.freo labour of a country most impolitic. It was really tho oxtravagantly.high rato of wages that caused tho distress. Tho houso accommodation in Sydney, he could state from a recent insnoction of somo of" the principal cities of England and Scotland, was rather better, than worse than in those coun- tries. 1 ,' .? i Mr. HAMILTON, in roply to Dr. Lang, begged to stats that there had always- boon plenty of larjd on sale by tho Government.-j .. í ? ; J "'^l&r;ïïJôwtzu, said that, out of 34,000; immi- grants introduced last year, 17,000' hid cost the colony nothing, and of the remainder a great many had only been, assisted, having been brought out at tho instigation of (heir friends. It was proposed to establish a nauti- cal school in connection with the Sailors' Home. .*??'".. Mr. HAT would not support the motion if he thought it would, result , in a measure of eleemosynary relief, that would have the effect of i destroying the self-reliance and self-respect of the working-man; but he was sure that nothing of that kind was contemplated. ' Diffe- rent causes had ' been alleged by different speakers as the causes of the distress proposed. to.be enquired into. He did not think any of those ' causes.* operated to the extent stated. The great proportion of inhabitants in the capital could not be avoided anywhere, especially in a new country^ ¿or was ! it altogether objectionable either."' Immigration certainly ought not to De accused of bringing about this result. , He believed ona great cause was the supposed in- security of capital-that must re-act disas- trously on the working classes. . . ! 1 The motion was carried unanimously. ; Mr. DARVALL moved a series of resolutions condemning the proposed separation of More- ton Bay as premature arid inexpedient. ' He thought the subject as important as any that had ever occupied their attention. Lot it not be said that ho was. too late-as it always was said, if anything unpalatable was advanced) i that it was either too late or too soon. The tendencies of the hew Ministry in England were very favourable to tho hope that it was not too late to avert so fatal a blow at the greatness of the country. For they could not doubt that it would be a blow. Confederation would not indemnify them for..separation, even if they got confederation, which was very unlikely. He would never ignore a minority, but let .Opt that min- ority carry it against the majority. The! only excusé alleged for this dismemberment was a desire on the part of the inhabitants them- selves. , Tho case of Victoria was not at all analogous. And was it not wonderful that this question had never yet been mooted in the Legislature?. And would 'the Government dare the Government-to please * an infini- tesimal . sootion of ' that ?. Legislature sanction so suicidal ' a measure? Ko publie man of any mark had ever expressed approval of so utterly ridiculous-so contemp- tible a scheme. The other day they were told 'that New South Wales could not find materials for* two separate Ministries-and here;was a fraction of the colony going to launch blindly into Responsible Government. Let .them listen to the history of the case. A few years ago some squatters in the Northern District, wishing to establish certain principles different from those of the whole colony, petitioned the Home Government for separation, and, as a price, offered to'receive convicts under the euphonious name of exiles. Those gentlemen received the rebuff they merited, : and then had recourse to petitions with like success. Having failed in both these attempts, they went to the back- door, and by means of some persons of supposed influence in that below stairs department of the - public offices, sought to influence the conduct of the Administration. Oh, that they, should have been so besotted, m framing the Constitution Bill, as to give power to a clerk in Downing-stre'et to request tho Under Secretary to, advise the Secretary of State to counsel Her Majesty to put her hand to so disgraceful à business! Ignominy ! ignominy! above everything--to allow a North of ¿ld to pass à Bill,' to ear-wigpa friend~of"a clerk in England, to ask his friend to nsk hia -and so on. He felt very strongly for bis country, and. might speak strongly, but he appealed to historical fact, and defied contra- diction.; They had heard of uniting countries, but never of cutting them in pieces before. It was atrocious-it was an insult to the. spirit of the Constitution Act-a natural recoil, a just" judgment on the huckstering bargain that was driven ?-so disgracefully driven-to help tho passing of that Act. And let them look at tho map of this glorious infant State-look at the capital, not near so large as Parramatta, situated on a roadstead on the shore of the Pacific, with an en tranco three feet. deep at low water. How easily fathomable were such very shallow pro- ceedings. Nothing but selfishness-the most sordid selfishness-the temporalities-and per- sonal ambition, was at the bottom of the matter ; and a very unsatisfactory bottom when they did get to it, though not very deep. The selfiahnessjwas revolting. They would take away a hundred millions of acres from this oolony three-fifths of tho unsold land in tho country and would leave the publie debt as a burden on the industry of the people, thus depriving the public creditor of a large portion of his secu- rity. And who was to decide what portion of the debt each was to pay ? The Queen could not; even the notable clerk referred to, with his mighty power, could not; and who was to Bay what New South Wales should pay ? . And if New South Wales, refused to pay ir, who could say-"You shall?" Not a power on earth could- say so. Andi therefore he might say that this gross not of , spoliation was impossible. Again, tho inhabitants of the extreme north were as much opposed to this miserable step as he was, and with greater reason. They could trust their interests to the Sydney Government ; but. they felt a very natural horror qf falling into tho hands of three or four squatters, a baker, a couple of store-' keepers, and possibly a divine, at Brisbane, that ombryo-modol-capital of the Southern Seas-that queen of the ocean, that was to be, with her throo-feet entrance at low water ; or high wafor-he forgot which. Now, thorp was a cortain Mr. Marsh, whose observations, as was plain from documentary* évidence, carried more ' weight than tho despatches of two Governors-; and why? O ; cogent reason I be-i cause he was largely interested in tho matter, which was generally considered a protty good reason for having no hand in tho decision at' all. That was a solo.' Then they had a duot -a petition from-how inany hundred oolonists did they think?-a petition - from tho Rev. John Dunmoro Lang, D.D;,,; and Mr. John Richardson, M.L.A. Next carno a trio-ono performer,' however, re-appearing, and thoroforo arguing no frosh addition to tho strength of the company. That was a petition from three-from Messrs. Buckley, Sandomann, and Richardson again. Ghosts of the tailors of Tooley-atroot. dofond them! Wo tho inhabitants of Moreton Bay !; Gould anything bo more ridiculous-first, that they .should have the audacity to petition at all ; and thon, that they should have the'vanity to suppose anything they could say could pro- ducé any offed? What could bo gained;--who could: be.profited by this farcical soparaUpn?, Lsttbem talca. bis ,ra«oluUon«^T»njt one amend them-be would support ; the amend- ment-but lat .'them ?without : delay forward to the Imperial; Government-who were, he he. lieved, less . dispbsod to advise this arbitrary step than their predecessors-a remonstrance distinct and powerful, which might, he trusted, yet arrive in time to spare the colony, the dis- grace, and injury that such a measure must inevitably draw upon it. Mr. COWPER could not support the Kosolu> tions; and ho thought no one who bad occu- pied a seat in that Legislature for several years could go with tho honorable, and , learned mem- ber now.' Ho had considered this Separation merely as an exercise of the Queen's preroga- tive, unsanctioned . by legislative enactment. But since 1842 the consummation of tbisinjus. ticé was contemplated, arid tho Constitution Act had expressly provided for it, although tho principal author of that Act had wished to ia sert a prohibitivo clause, in which, however, he .had not been supported, by the honorable and learned member. This ' strong protest lost its force by lying dormant so many years, in I860 the House had affirmed the propriety of this measure, and Mr. Darvall's name appeared in the records of tho House, in a very large majority,'; tb, , that effect' ' A few . days , .afterwards, the . sama gentleman, being in tho Executive Council, made, no remonstrance against an announce- ment which then came before them from the Home Government of their intention to carry out the measure, as a thing generally under- stood and unobjected to. And on several subsequent occasions, the honorable member, as one of the Executive Council, assisted iu de- liberations respecting the apportionment of the debt, thereby allowing the fundamental quos tion to pass sub silentio. The honorable and learned gentleman could not get over that. If this really was a question in which that .gentleman felt such intense interest, why had he been silent so long?' had a new light broken la upon him? the honorable gentleman, i that wore so, would, with his usual candour, say so to the House.", .'His new-born indigna- tion was inconsistent, and would not therofora carry the country with,him. : What was the uso bf . discussing this question now, with a Governor of the new' colony oh his way out, and a Bishop appointed? It was like the im- potent and ridiculous attempt bf the architect of à public edifice, to retain .the key of the front door when the building was finished. It was tho lateness of this appeal co which, ho (Mr. Cowper) objected-the having allowed tno matter to proceed so far every Government . had acceded to it-and he did not sympathise in the apprehensions ex- pressed of the terrible consequences lUcolyto follow. , . Mr. HAT thought the dpfence of Mr. Cowper quite supererogatory, inasmuch as he had not been charged in the matter ' at all. And even if he had, that was not .the question before the House, who were to db what was right, quite irrespective of what any Ministry had done or failed to do. Even if it were now too late to effect anything, that House .ought to assert it» opinion, and, if necessary, make its protest; and it might even be, that that protest might be effectual. He too was anxious to foster a national spirit in Australia; and, believing that a federation of the ; colonies could only be brought about by soma dire misfortune, hecertainly was. opposed to ? that minute subdivision of the colony-and ho thought it still moro objection- able now than when it was first proposed. He did not. an much fear -injury-to tho parent colony-hp did not fear that at all;, butha feûred for the new colony itself, and he sympa- thised more particularly with the northern portion of that district : and he thought they might expect to have a protest ontered on the records of tho House against tho measure by the members from that locality. The honors, ble gentleman proposed a partial amendment having particular reference to the claims of the Northern District. Dr. LAÑO thought Mr. Hay's arguments partook too much of the nature of argumentum ad. miserlcordiam. Leaving that, and turning to the honorable and learned mover, he thought his northern love a species of monomania, which reminded him of tho sor- rows of Werter. Ho (Dr. Lang) instanced» case which occurred in the reigns of James I. and his son, when the colony pf South Virginia had been subdivided, precisely as New. South Wales .was to be now, by tho erection'of the new colony of Maryland within its limits. Captain Phillip's first patent in Australia ex- tended from tho southern < extremity pf Van Diemen's Land to Capo York, and included Now Zealand and other islands. There should then bayo been a pro- test against the separation of New Zealand, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Vic- toria. Ho had happened to visit Moro ton Bay at tho time of tho latter separation, and, going home at that time had written to Earl Gre; requesting that a right might be reserved for the separation of that part of the colony north of the SOth parallel-and to his great satisfac- tion he had found his recommendation carried out.This" was the : Maana Charta of the Northern Districts, and this ocouring in 1860, entirely refuted the statement of Mr. Darvall as to tho Moroton Bay members selling their votes to obtain a boon, for it was granted threa years previously. In reference to NewSouth Wales objecting to the separation of Moreton Bay, tho honorable' andreverend gentleman quoted tho foot of Dr.: Samuel Johnson, writing a pamphlet against -tho', separation of tho American coloniosï'having romarked that. Eng« land had reared the calf and, therofore, was entitled to milk, tho cow ; but : tho people of England had found, as those of Now, South Walos would find how if they 'opposed this separation, that, ins tead of . tho i cow, . they had got the bull to milk. ?- This was no new thing m the history of British colonies. Then; as to tho debt, those who gavo, the. security,: among .whom the . honorable and'rlearned gentleman was otiej ought not to havo plodgad thai land beyond tho . 80 th. parallel, knowing that it did hot permanently belong to the colony-» was ' .like 'obtaining - money under «falsa pw. .toncos,-Vi He (Dr. LangV'-was /sure that separa» tion, would bo', mutually advantageous to-both colonies;' ? ?? " . )),\ ?.?'?? < ; ; ' Y.'i-.-V Mr. PiüNKíSTT.moved the adjournment of tho debate/till Tuesday noxt, which was o'arried. Mr. DÁnyAik.:askbd thoi Colonial Secretary ! whether there was any 'truth ,'in "thosnd ropo'rt I which had just reached them>that a' drpcaful massiore/ of fEnglishraoh ihad1 taken- placo ia New'Caledonia. n. '.. t,f»,1 <;?)!;, v;'.'/-'*'" ' Mr. COWPER stated that ¿' false report; beotf in^clrciilattori 'that 'tho' 'whole...British population had been*murdered. . It was, how« over, true, ho believed,' tbat,threo,Englishmen liiià :t^MUWii.9lT^àx authorities in that ..! I,» !-.* /Lilt t^i-sieI'T.'I tlu .1 JJitl t; i t ' . » (? ». , ' ^s,(..,,%^Iia>d».KCUMd4 population with firearms., Toora W«M aim .!''"'gtance« connected'with 'tba manner of carr ,,Üie sen tehee,in to execution, to which,p^rh he had better make no reference until he received fuller and more. authentic info: ,;- '1 ; tion. ?r r.[ ; ' ,;.'.' ; ":' . Í " The Hourn, adjourned ,at twenty jnih past eleven.' - .?"..'- , . j ( To Mr. KOBEBTSON is1 due the frank admisi that his three Land Bills how before the pu \- - - - supply:çn the whole ¿he; moBt .comprehen . ' ' legislation that has yet. been attempted on ? subject. Compared with the efforts of pre _ing Administrations,-the., contrast is gre . : in Mr.1 EOBEHTS'ON'S "favouif. We: believe '' honorable gentleman lays' claim to the OJ /.. sive merit 'of the new measures,'-that in t ? preparation ho has not been interfered i by tho other-members of the Cabinet,' thati-'hé" is; specially responsible, to the'c * \Vmunity ' for1 .whatever is.gopd or; ill in measures ^referred/ to. .Of' course, is not pretended, that the principles or ; i visions ; embodied : in thesb Bills, are ' eil original discoveries on the part of Mr. RoBi SON, or tho especial coinage of his . own br ? The Land question is not a new question has been discussed and argued for years | without stint or limit; every thing has b said upon the subject that could possibly said. There was thus at the command of ' Minister, ample stores of information, abu : ance of practical hints-everybody's rheorj addition to. his own, 'While,; th 1 fore, ' we recognise .in Mr. BO^BEBTSI . Crown Lands Bills, a skilful* adaptât and use of other . men's < thoughts i "opinions, far be it from us to droy-a sir iota of the praise that is justly-due for selection and elaboration, from a host of. cordant elements, of the reasonable and, t certain extent, equitable land policy whicl now presented for'the "public consideration. The administration, of the Crown Lai «. naturally divides." .itself ',. into two ! gt branches-management-and: sale." rThe 1 mer comprehends alienation by lease/the ot ;by purchase.". Hitherto, great complaints the par,t of the geñéraVpublic have" beennu fested on both points. * It has always.been I as an intolerable grievance, that the pub 7 lands have .been leasedto large." capitali for long periods, and at low rents,' for mer j ? pastoral purposes, thus evincing, a tendency impede the progress of colonisation, by int J " posing tho legal, obstruction of long leasehc I".. tenurosi'tp the generaloccupMcy .and use of t .soil.. . It has. been further felt, as an intoleral ?grievance, that undue facilities have be afforded to the large capitalist in the .purent of Crown Lands, placing small buyers, ! merely at a disadvantage; but completely out . , the field-while, no provisions whatever i comprehended within tho otis tin g regulatior which ' enable, the humbler, classes, at à mod rate price, and without the vexatious delays' official impediments, -quietly; and «peedï to use and enjoy a moderate portion of tho so These two great practicárgrievances^-ñffectii both the lease and the sale of the public lane under existing regulations-have long been f< as real evils- and the ' popular sentiment hi embodied itself, in a Land League and emm , rous subsidiary branches1, which advocate wil .more or loss of reason, and justice, a fair apportionment of the advantages which. tl whole community should derive'from a prop administration of their common'property. ' ' ' Looking nt tho question upon broad ar general'principios,-and leaving the" .mint details until tho new. Land . Bills como to 1 discussed in Committee-let us-endeavour 1 ascertain how far Mr. ROBERTSON'S new measun provide for the redress 'of ¡ the r grievance referred .tb* ? So far as the future leasing of tl public lands is concerned, we think the,: pn visions of the new Bills, in : many respect highly satisfactory. ' The position of the «irr« leases may be summed' up in a few word; . Those granted under the Orders in Counci having a term of fourteen years,' expire i 1866\. Those granted, ander other regulation i . ' : . for the term of eight years, expire at the' en of the present year. As the- law now standi a renown! of these last-mentioned} leases ; for \- further term of eight years could be demandée Mr. BOBEHTSONB Bill proposes to convei these eight years' renewals into renewal for the term >; of" five, ¡yeirs Vpnly, s rents which sholl be fixed by sworn appraiser: N It will thus be seen that the current leases, ii sued originally for tho respective periods c fourteen and eight years, fall in at about th same period of time,, and will then be open, a we infer, to further Legislative arrangemente ; With respect to tho future leasing of the Crowi " lands, it is proposed that leases for " pastora purposes" shall bo annual in the Settled districts and for five years in the Intermediate and Un , settled districts. This; we think, is a reasonabl arrangement/and provided the public revenu ' ' ; derive a fair equivalent for the use of thelandi thus held and enjoyed, wo think that no portioi of the community con justly complain of thii i . . part of the now land policy. . , But, when we come to the " sale " of thi Crown Lands-being that particular mode o alienation which vitally concerns and affecti the small capitalist and the humbler classes o: the community, who have not the meant wherewith to become large lease-holders of th« public.domain-wo must confess, still viewing . the matter upon broad and general principles that Mr. EOBERTSON'S propositions aro not alto gother satisfactory. Our grounds of objection . are taken upon three distinct points : 1st. Thc ? slendor encouragement afforded to the small capitalist and humbler classes, for the acquI ; sition by purchase, at a moderate price, of s ' small portion of tho public territory ; 3nd, Tho groat comparative encouragement afforded \- to the large capitalist for the acquisition.by purchase, at a nominal cost, of any con ?'.' A,cobrable' quantity, of the public territory,'; 8rd; . i - Tho impolicy of empowering tho. ','Góvórnor and ' ; . Counoil," that is tho Ministry, of the- day, to « frame-regulations' to carry out the provisions,bi .. ¡ the new;, ;«Land Sale Bill," 'xnthoiii.the\express » . sanction of Parliament hoing fir si had aM,obtained .?. itn^respact of: all auch regulations, before ikey , acquire tho validity of law. ,;.,"; ? '.' CláuseV 13 to 17 of the, new ". Land Sales .,n r> Bill," defino tho .'modo ! by, which'/the' small ^ ' ' capitalist and humbler classes may purchase < 1 " unimproved lands,; without competition." This.would scorn to bo tho Ministerial, or rather 1 .: ; Mr.>BbnEiiTsoN'ái substituto, for *< fred.' selec- tion." Salo without competition, and Vlthout , delay, at, a" nTbjdbfrlto price, appoors to bo tho intention of tho clauses abovo-mentioned. i- What moy amount to, practically, is this-that :»j> ifa .poor man can discovor a patch of land, somewhere "about tho torritory, that.js not uV.al#^ to' .-??yr-, ..- «,..'. . . '..'. '?' ?'??: .f*.V,' VT..fw> \ -.u.[:o'>.,. y '\ , , Ifv .", ,..v . [MqmAoájmtíM^t^tMm pur. I pose», he may sit down, upon the land, and I after five years',residence thereon,' and la pay- ment during,the said term,of twenty shiUingi per acre for the said land, ' he may then (call il his own ! The fixed price 'for land4 to bc acquired under those , circumstances is one pound per acre-ten shillings of which , is. tc be paid down in cash-ten shillings per acre to be expended in improvements during the term of . five years, - and ; tec shillings per _ acre to be ' paie at the expiry, of five s years And then, provided the conditions of residence improvements, and payment of the purchase money have been strictly and rigorously com plied with j. the Government issues a grant ic fee simple, " reserving ? any minerals which tki land may contain !" ? The P0(£ devil of, a pur chaser, under* these -p'átoraál : regulations; actually acquires, an ownership in the soil thai is limited to the depth of. a ,spado or i ploughshare 1 ; Nor has he any tiile whatever tc the land, until tho five years aro completed.'anc the conditions, shown ', to ; have been ' strictly complied with. Clause 16 says,** ondefaúli of a compliance with every requirement of trite section; within three inontlis " (J) rof ter th« expiration of the said five years, tin land shat revert to hzr Maje*ty, andbe liablètobe sold, 'uni, Iki deposit shall be'forfeited." It. is true, that th( same clause subsequently provides, that if the land so sold .produces moro than twenty sfiilBngi per. acre-the surplus, .after paying the ex- penses of sale, shall bo handed : over i td trw original purchaser.; ' But ' what ' consolation ii this to the. poor man who has: embarked hil slender means - in the uso. and pecupajtion o a small piece of land ? Is it with the prospeel .of such an out-turn, that the poor man wi 1 ! venture his slender means upon tho purchase .pf. Crown; land. \ at * all,?:. \\. Is it , right that he should have to contemplate such a deplorable catastrophe,; at the' end' pf hi's; five years labour? Lot Mr. BÓBERTSOÑV ^proposition, to withhold the title until all the conditions ol the ; hard : bargain1 are* rigorously com- plied with-and then to resume . thc land, on dofault of any one pf those conditions -be' contrasted with^thp land,; policy of thc , United States. There-twelve, mon tbs' occu paney, of portions of waste public land, and th'c erection of.the rudest Bh"anty,\'by';'wáy 'of im ? prbveinent, ' confer, the : V .occupation right,' . which . of itself -constitutes ' a'title, which the , S tate cannot, and wisely do¿9 not pretend'to defeat.; 'Under! this' " (occupation right,": the settler'or,squatter (for hehoe, wo believe, the 1 latter term'originated), .acquires a prior rightjof : purchase over all intruders at the price fixed for waste public lands'.by law-^that i sj five '. shillings 'per acre. " Under Mr. ROBERTSON'S . ;bfll'¿ five years' residence,' and üaénty shillings' an '. acre, db not, of. ' themselves, ' constitute a title; but failing an additional re»shillings per acre of improvements, out the unfortunate purchaser goes at'the end of h'is^èrmi VP.0?1 pitee months' '/notice, and the , land reverts 'to the., Crown 1 ;,.Certainly,, tho . contrast.) is not favourable to ? the breadth and sagacity of Australian statesmanship. , j We have thus seen how, and to what extent, the small capitalist , and humbler classes of the community are ¡proposed to be favourably dealt with, in respect of their power to purchase small lots of land, under Mr. ROBERTSON'S new Bill. Wp now turn to tho other side of the picture-tho encouragement which the said Bill affords "to the squatter or the large capitalist, to acquire an almost boundless extent of the public territory,^ at a comparatively ¿nominal cosh ........, .;.. " : ' The Bill divides the public lands into *tb.ree classes: Town land, suburban land,, and all lands'not being town or suburban) A more natural division would " havo .-"been : Town, agricultural, and pastoral lands ; but as our present object is hot to invent a land policy, but to determine the goodness or badness of Mr. ROBERTSON'S, we shall proceed to deal with what is before , .us. r Clause 18 of - . the : "Land Sales Bill/' provides for the sale of waste , lands of the Crown,-that is-lands'that, are hot town or suburban-or open to selection on conditions of residence and improvement,-which waste lands shall be put up by auction in blocks not to exceed 640 acres, at an upset price ; of not less than five shillings per acre. Clause SO pro- vides among other things, that waste lands of the Crown put up and not sold, may bo taken privately at the upset price. ', ". There is no limita- tion whatever as ¡to the number of 040-ocre blocks which any single individual or capitalist may cause to be put up to auction. The working of the whole affair is obvious enough, parti- cularly if influenced by regulations, . that can be made hy the Ministry of tho day, with- out the assent of Parliament. It is open to the Executive to determine the, times and places of . such sales,-nay, they are to possess tho dangerous power' to vary the 'upset sprich ¿cithout the sanction of the Legislature. It is almost im- possible tb over-estimate tho amount of , job- bing in tho public lands, and tho general political corruption, which under, an unprinci- pled Executive, would inevitably arise from the uncontrolled possession of tho dangerous powers just adverted to. Under a dishonest admin8tration-political opponents could bo bought over, by the facility conceded to them of putting up a largo quantity bf land in 040;acre blooks, at tho upset price of fivo shillings, and the sales could be arranged at such times and places as would exclude competition, and a largo extent of country could then be taken up privately, o.t. tho nominal upset price aforesaid.. On the otherhañd, political oppo- nents could be vexatiously: harassed and in- jured by all sorts of obstructions, and by' the imposition pf an upset, prico so much above five shillings per acre, as practically to exclude them from the purchase of tho publie lands.' The "Lund Sales Bill" nowhere fixes an Upset j prico, beyond which tho Executive shall , »tot; go. All is left toitheir-discretion.: - Tho upshot is, that the squatter or'capitalist vaay, and, under this-Bill, 'most probably . would acquire at five; shillings per acre* and . without \any conditions . of , residence, ; and,'-.- improveifteht, prooiBely :the, samo class : of lands, that 'tho smaller capitalist and humbler classes of tho community aro invited to acquire at teiyshillings per acre down-ten shillings moro at. the 'end of 'five years, and improvements to .the extent !of a further ten shillings per acre, and . rosi denco upon the land, in additlbn fd tho heavy pecuniary oxaotion. t - ! V .'' :. : Í -!. . Î It is not necessary to enlarge upon our. third ground of objectibn to.Mr. ROBERTSON'S " Land Sales Bill." Tho objection applies equally to] the "Bill for. regulating .the- occupatio»-pf ¡the Crown lands." We protest against,; ¡tho authority- proposed to bo given , (to, ¡tho 'Governor ' and- Executive' Göunbll,1 ; to :«make regulations' to' carry ' out '! thé ' Provisions of.,;:;-% .".TBOIS ;;;that;:;,-a^o'^t&#%c sala' I and leases bf tba. publip, ^itoiy<V-!-.!Aytl''i«npMr. ,»"-.-W.v i' ¿I el ' ftV'tn.-'t 1 i ' I enea of tb« patt administration of Grown land's, Î»roves beyond doubt« that the sanction of Far-, iameht is. absolutely necessary, as a; check upon any regulations that can be made by the Ministry of the day. We protest, also, against an upset price of any portion of the public, lands, that can be varied at the pleasure of Ministers. The upset price or prices should be determined by parliamentary enactment, and à fair sale by auction, with due publicity as to time and place Bbould accomplish. tho rest, except, in those cases where tho law establishes a fixed price for the class of purchasers whom it is not considered desirable to expose ' to the '.risks and chances of public competition. . ' .' THE annexation- of Mr. FLOOD to the COWPER cabinet, will doubtless .surpriseall those unso- phisticated . persons , '..who "¡ rémejriber " : the honorable gentleman's'' avowed antagonism to the 'present Government during, the- late session,-and who consider, in addition thereto/ jthe' direction'-and FLOOD'S votes and speech, on the occasion ortho recent Ministerial crisis; ; New members, in par- ticular,^ 7will,be a;littla.,startled at ; thia unex- pected phase of parliamentary life. The old fashioned idea, that " consistency is a virtue," receives ¡front this latest incident in the con- struction of à cabinet, a shock that at once dis- places it; from lits (previously recognised position iii the codo of political ethics. Hence- forward, points,: of difference,, .and nof of agreement, .will - constitute the basts of Ministerial arrangements'; and wo may safely congratulate! tho . country, that the doctrine of party'obligations ia now. and, for ever'to be abandoned, and that, coalition for tho'public good, with honorable 'members from i the Opposition Benches; is ' at last'; to be the order pf the .day. - .- ;i" t." ; i'í'-" U, " | : Seriously--is there any valid objection to the . appointment' of -Mr; FXOOD ' as" the nöw. Minister of Public, Works ?f'\ None,/: indeed, that. we. know of,, if the principle once'be con- ceded,- that .previous- opposition- to minjsterial acts, is to bo no bar to a subsequent ' partici- pation; with Ministers in the acts; themselves. 'We*'believe Mr. FXOOD/notwithstanding his' temporary, back-sliding,;td be as much a'liberal at heart as Mr. COWPER,' Cr, any other mern her of the Cabinet.:, Suppöse,; C then, ) there -has'. .been a .-temporary- estrangement ? Mr.1 Cowr-Erfs " policy ' has, in effect/; re-con- verted. Mr.. FLOOD, and brought , him j back, possibly" with a largo following, to the ¡ranks of the great liberal party- -If T Mr.t'GowPEU had accomplished no more than this,-reconversion; even -1 without ! tho, benefit/." of_,'(Mr,~,ÎLbbVs personal assistance, in th'oj cabinet, ',[? and( the votes of his followers--a great public good would-doubtless have, been; effected... Assum- ing: further that Mr.« <jowPER's pleasures' are absolutely and bona fide JOT the general welfare of the' commú'riity-^ttíen it is right that Mr. COWPER'S hands should be strengthened ; and the ministerial annexation^ which"comprehends the re-conquering*.of' Mr. FLOOD'S alienated opinions, and' which brings over with Mr. FLOOD from the opposition benches^ certain ; .- > safe - - and - steady y votes, in including those of tho famous," brass band,' - can, on the presumption aforesaid, bo viewed in no other light than as an- immense gain to the causo of progress and reform.-.' Still, there'are sómb'difficulties .'in the way that, render .Mr. FLOOD'S now position one of extrême delicacy. No public man has sb .-con- stantly and persistently imputed all sorts of corruption" abd dishonesty both tb the present and Jto alf preceding .Governments, under re- sponsible institutions, as the new Minister for Public Works. No later than-at the time of the honorable gentleman's election for the con- stituency which he represents, he,put forth,at the hustings certain. grave accusations against thepresentGovernment|formismanBgement,and a considerable pecuniary loss which had fallen upon the public, from' improper/railway con- tracts. In proportion as tho honorable mem- ber's accusations against his predecessor in office, are serious and important/in like pro- portionwill the public expect; that ; tho new Minister's administration will bo'distinguished by superior talent, and integrity. . The 'ordeal through which Mr. FLOOD will have; td pass, we sincérely hope unscathed,-will be the per- petual contrast which will bo provoked in tho public mindi and indulged in by the ; people, .between;tho conduct of the Minister that is and that of Ministers that have been.! To " FLOOD the incorruptible," the ' community will naturally look for a practical exemplifica- tion, in his now office, of all those strict official virtues, . bf" all . ' that ,\ -honesty of purpose, of all tho administrative ability, which,the -honorable gentleman has ever been foremost in denying to those who have been so unfortunate as to precede him in the ministerial bureau. All: this is inevitably expected from tho man'who has distinguished himself as the ministerial censor, when his' own turn of office at last arrives. To those, indeed, who have taunted Mr. FLOOD with the unpleasant truth,.that he has aided to turn out several Ministrios, without having the moral courage to take office with any, thero is now tho practical reproof afforded by Mr. FLOOD'S present position in tho COWPER cabinet. He has joined the-Ministry not a moment too . soon. Hts, own vote, and the votes of those ho brings with him, will be wanted' to assist in the passing, bf ' those great measures to. which -, Ministers, are pledged, and which the country * certainly expects of them. So long as the accession to Mr. COWTER'S strength is thin beneficially,usod>' wo must rain overlook'some of the doubtful circumstances that attend and precede.tho coa-, lition. : At present, the bringing over bf the " great squatter" from tho opposition benches to. join. tho. "poople's Ministry," must bo lookéd upon as a triumph worthy of the genius of Mr. COWPER,-and " squatting" hence- forward must bb ranked as tho most prominent of our liberal institutions. : MELANCHOLY AND FATAL AOOIDBNT.-Yesterday abont onao'otook a fine young man aged 30 years, familiarly known in Pyrmont by tho nama of James, was drowned.' It'appears that there ia a hole in tho quarries at no great distance ' from the' bridge whioh oonneotB Pyrmont with tho Globo, and that this bolo is rosorted to by bathors in oonioqaoDoo of it being seoara against sharks and opon to tho tide. Tho de oeased repaired to this plaoe to batho and getting out of his deptb, sank.'nnd WOB drownod. Tho halo ia called " Holl.hole," on account of tho dangorous obaraotor of tho plooï. Tho water ia shallow round tho odgoo, bat fully 17 foot deep in ono plaoa. Tho deceased was nearly an hour in the water. Tho aoaidont was porooivod and tho alarm given, but wo regrot ta say asaUtanao was of little use. A number of mon dived but wore unablo to recover, tho body and at length a dingy was oarried to the plooo, and grappling irons woro used, and then tho body waa brought to the sarfaoe af the fatal pool. . Tho deoeassd waa much respeolod by bis employer aa well as by othrt lealdanta in Pyrmont. ???<?.<?? ¡ , 