after Sergius «#Wontfm settle. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1859. The Ministry will meet the Legislature to morrow. Mr. Forster and his colleagues enter upon their parliamentary functions with some advantages. They have been pushed into their present position by the force of circumstances of which no party in the House can take the undivided responsibility. Their past Legislative career, if it does not create any strong expectations in their favour, at least establishes but little against them. Three of their number are natives of the colony, or nearly so. Both the law officers are men of high personal respectability, and one of them is known to be an able lawyer. True ; as a Ministry, taken all in all, they are such as no fortune-teller would have predicted. Of the ten thousand combinations which are possible that which exists would-a thousand to one-never have occurred to the most active imagination. When, however, we look around and enquire what kind of Ministry would have been practicable had they renounced the task of Government, we find the answer by no means clear. It is scarcely worth while to ask how they came there. Perhaps the philosophy of Topsy will answer as well as any other method of account- ing for their existence-" I 'spects I growed," was the inference drawn by that young lady from her observation of the vegetable world. The present Ministry is the result of a coali- tion, of unorganised matter, having in it, never f* less. the principle of political life. There ey stand, connected together by the ligature office and the sympathy of common responsibility. The country, however, has seen their assumption of power and their progress hitherto without any feeling of hostility rather with sentiments of favour, and in, some quarters with a hope. They have shown one great quality resolution. They have undertaken to guide the vessel when the worn-out pilots of former times had given themselves up to political in- toxication and abandoned the wheel. The crew under such circumstances, will not very closely scrutinise their antecedents or their qualifications, providing they keep the ship afloat and make some headway. Among the advantages possessed by the present Ministry is this, that, whatever they may have said when out of office, or whatever their individual professions, they may present themselves to the public in any form which their intelligence and prudence suggest. It will be fortunate for them and for the country if, rising above all the petty squabbles of the past, and casting aside all their own mere party sympathies, they take up the questions which affect the common interest in a disinterested and comprehensive spirit. If the country admitted of Government by Tories or Whigs or Radicals, or any other political division known in Europe, we should not have been in the state in which we find ourselves now. But the fact is, many of these names represent only the ghosts of things which have passed away into the limbo of all earthly factions. We have permitted ourselves perhaps to chase these phantoms as if they were realities and what has been the result ? What we really require is statesmanship adapted to a young country, where much has to be learned, and where a little way only can be seen: where we have to deal with facts which can be brought into square with no system of political philosophy, and to provide for I emergencies which are peculiar to our own civic habits and antecedents. The true Ministry for the, colony is one that can look at things as they really are-that can submit to the ignominy of what some have called patchwork legislation that can abandon to theorists and declaimers those flaming projects of universal regeneration which have passed from the dreams of ascetic philosophy to out-door gatherings without ever having gone through the alembic of legislative or administrative experience. Many, when responsible government fell into the hands of the people, considered it necessary to undo everything that had been done-to'reverse all the principles of government to consider all past arrangements as the result of corruption or ignorance; to assume that whatever had been approved by such men as Sir George Gipps, Mr. Deas Thomson, Sir W. Manning, and Mr. Plunkett ought to be looked upon as mere rubbish to be cleared away. Thus, instead of applying legislation to facilitate interests already in existence, and to correct evils which had made themselves felt, we have I had a succession of Ministers promising to reconstruct everything - to make all things new.- So time has been lost, and possible changes have been indefinitely postponed. We hope,therefore,that the Ministry will not fall into the old mistake, and bring forward a dozen great measures to be determined in one single session, but that they will deal with some one question of sufficient moment to deserve the attention which it will require to complete it, and then call on the next case. Above all, we hope they will hold out no indefinite promises, but -that what they profess to do they will have already made up their minds is practicable. Efforts will no doubt be made to press them to introduce measures upon all sorts of questions, from the clear conviction that no Ministry can survive which shall attempt to deal with them. We are now approaching the close of the year, men are required upon their properties to attend to their own private business. The present state of the country makes those interests still more urgent. To prolong the session would be therefore to waste the public time. We should have preferred to see the Ministry deal with the land question as more important than any organic changes in the Constitution, even supposing them to be desirable. Whatever course they take, however, let it be clear and determined-limited and regulated by considerations of the state of the public business and the lateness of the session. We understand that it is proposed by some to attempt the overthrow of the Ministry before there shall be time for an exposition of their policy. Of course, every political party must act for itself. We have, however, not the slightest doubt that it is the interest of the country that the capacity of the present Ministry should be fairly tried-that their exposition should be heard with candour, and that they should be permitted to retain office sufficiently long to provide for the more urgent public business. It will argue well for responsible government if the opponents of the Ministry comprehend the true spirit and functions of a constitutional Opposition. In the day of their power they will be entitled to benefit by their maxims, when in search of it. It is impossible to efface the remembrance of faction, unfairness, and rowdyism" when a fierce Opposition passes into the seat of Government. Nothing created so strong an antipathy to the late Minister as the course he pursued when the assailant of his predecessors. 