THE CHAMPION SWEEPSTAKES. "Voltigeur," in letters to the Editor of Bell's Life in Victoria, thus describes the pedigree and per- formances of Flying Buck and Nutwith. We have already given Bell's description of Zoe. Flying Buck. Dear Bell-Flying Buck, a bay gelding, bred by Mr. H. N. Simpson in 1856, is by Romulus or War- hawk, out of Wilhelmina by Romeo out of Moss Rose by Emigrant out of the thoroughbred imported mare, The Driver mare. Romulus was a thorough- bred horse, and came down from Sydney. Wilhel- mina was first covered by Romulus, but the mare again stood to Warhawk, and from the date of the colt being dropped it is more probable that the latter was his sire. Most persons, who judge of the youngster by his appearance (amongst which number, Mr. Editor, I am one), attribute his existence to Warhawk, though I believe it is the opinion of his owner that Romulus has the honor of being his pro- genitor. His dam, Wilhelmina, is one of the best mares in the colony, and has already given birth to Flying Pieman, Jeannette, Balloon, Hurricane, Fly- ing Doe, &c.; He made his first appearance on the turf as a two- year-old at the last Tallaroop Races in December, at which meeting he was easily defeated by Brownlock for the Moss Rose Challenge Cup, one mile, Brown- lock carrying 8 st. 10 lbs., and the Buck 7st. He was brought out under the auspices of his breeder, and was trained by Mitchellson at Charlotte Plains. The colt met with a slight accident about a month before the race, which caused him to be put out of training until within a week of his debut. He was started with but little idea of winning the race, but his owner was anxious to try his measure with the champion three-year-old, Brownlock. On the fall of the curtain at Tallaroop, Flying Buck was sent to Melbourne, and was sold to Mr. Yuille. At Fleming- ton, under the care of Mr. Robert Hamilton, the colt greatly improved, and he was brought to the post in tip-top fettle for the 100 sovs. Sweepstakes at the T.C meeting in March last. In this race, for which he was made a great favorite, he was com- pelled to play second fiddle to Annet Lyle, who beat him, after a slashing race, by half a neck, the distance, one mile, being run in 1 min. 58 sec. On the 2nd April he beat Mainroyal in a canter, in a match for 200 sovs., one mile, weight 8 st., performing the distance in the same time as the Sweepstakes, in which he was flogged from the dis- tance. At the Artillery races, he walked over a match with Sir Edward (whom, by-the-bye, I saw offered for sale the other day at Kirk's Bazaar, and who has grown into a slapping colt). At the Ballarat autumn meeting at the end of April, he ran third and last for the First Year of the First Biennial; Buzzard appropriating the prize with ease by five lengths, and Flying Buck being beaten by Flying Jib, who was somewhat indisposed, by a neck. This closed his career thus far; he is now enjoying the sea-air at Williamstown, at the comfortable quarters of his owner, who has taken several long shots about his winning the Champion Sweepstakes, but I don't think that he has been backed much by the public. In addition to the Champion race, Flying Buck is engaged in a match with Flying Jib the Saturday after the great event; the Ballarat Produce States; and the J.C. and T.C. Derby and Leger. VOLTIGEUR. NüTWITH. Dear Bell-Nutwith, a chesnut gelding, bred by Mr. Huon, near'Albury, in 1850, is by Tom Jones out of Jeannette, by Young Theorem out of Maid of Australia by Hector. Tom Jones by the imported horse Vagabond out of Xantippe hy Whisker. When a two-year old Nutwith was purchased by Mr. Layton for £35, and was broken in and employed in the utility line of business by that gentleman for three or four years, and I believe that on more than one occasion he was actually let out by the day. .He was frequently entered for a hack race, and occa> sionally he managed to win a trifling stake. His next owner was Mr. Howard, who bought him for £50 ; and from Mr. Howard he fell into the hands of Mr. McEllister, who kept him for a short time, and then disposed of him to Mr. Beckett, of the Woolshed, for £60. Early in 1857 his present proprietor, Mr. McLeod, bought him at the same figure and a certain share of his winnings, should he he so fortunate as to secure any, that season. Nutwith, during the autumn meetings of 1857 in the Ovens district, managed to pay Ms way, and won two or three unim- portant stakes. During 1858 his star was wretchedly in the descendant, his number never being telegraphed, and his owner always entering his name on the wrong side of the ledger. It was not until the beginning of the present year that tho fame of Nutwith (hitherto named The Colonel) com- menced to spread far and near, and having secured the Miners' Pnr3e at Wahgunyah in January, he came sut in great force at Wangaratta in February. On the second day of the meeting he was an easy conqueror of Ranger and Mosstrooper in the Town Plate, running the three miles in 6 min. 7 sec. ; and on the third day in the Ladies' Purse, welter weights, three miles, he again defeated Ranger by five lengths. At the Nine-Mile District Races, in March, he played leading business in the Town Plate, Fitzjames being his only opponent, whom he conquered easily. At Beechworth, the same month, he had another good innings. On the first day, carrying 10 st. 1 lb., he appropriated the Publican's Purse, a two-mile handi- cap, in heats ; Mosstrooper (8 st. 7 lb.) running him hard in both, but neither Bother'em (9 st. 12 lb.), Ranger (9 st. 4 lb.), nor Fitzjames (8 st. -7 lb.), having a ghost of a chance ; and on the second day he was fortunate enough to obtain the Miners' Cup, a three miles handicap, Nutwith carrying 10 st. 1 lb., and Jumbuck, aged, his only adversary, 8 st. 7 lb. At a quarter of a mile from home, the twain were racing neck and neck, when the latter broke, down. In the Squatters' Purse at Albury, in April, three miles, he gave Valentine the go-by, winning after a slashing race to the distance by a couple of lengths ; but on the second day of the meeting he was doomed to disappointment in the Town Plate, three miles, in which, carrying 9st. 81b., he was beaten by Junius (8 st. 11 lb.) by a length, and by Tranby (9 st. 8 lb.) by half a head, the journey being performed in 6 min. 2 sec. ; but in the forced Handicap, the last day, he was again notorious, Valentine, at even weights, being half a length behind at the finish, and Emerald, Bother'em, and Halfcaato following in his wake. The last appearance thus far of the Ovens Champion was in the Town Plate, at the late Heathcote Races, in which, with 7 lb. penalty, he was an easy victor, Starlight and Acrobat being the vanquished"; but it is on.y due to the last named to state that he was pulled up by mist ike after he had gone twice lound. At Essendon he showed on the course, but was not started for the Handicap in conse- quence of, as his owner alleged, the rough ground. This I very much regret, as the metropolitan public would have been able to get his measure had he gone for that race. He is now quartered at Sam Waldock's staoles, at Flemington, where he is being trained by that excellent light- weight rider. He is not without a friend in the betting market, and has already been backed to win at least " a monkey" at about 100 to 5. YOMIGEÜB. 