CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF BRISBANE. On Wednesday, the 29th of June, the ceremonial of conferring episcopal power and dignity upon a reverend doctor of the Catholic Church was wit nessed by a crowded congregation of the gentry o f Dublin and its vicinity. The occasion was one of more than ordinary intereit — the prelate elect being the Very Rev. Dr. James CJuin, whose name and repute for exalted piety, Christian charity, devoted zeal, ana transcenuant acquirements, nave been for years past ' familiar as household words,' not only on the lips but also in the hearts of the Catholic public. This rarely gifted Irishman nnd holy priest was by Wednesday's solemn rite conse orated Bishop and Vicar* Apostolic of the vast diocesan district of Brisbane, in Australia. Thus it is that the Catholic people, ever true, ever faith ful, and obedient to the mandates of holy Church, are called upon often and often to offer up all that they hold most dear for the advancement of religion and the propagation of the faith. Thus it is, that on Wednesday, amongst the crowd of friends and admirers who witnessed the solemn rite of the epis copal consecration — many of those whose faces wore the smile of Christian enthusiasm and pious hope in contemplating^jie coming triumphs of the prelate missionary in the new land of his adoption — felt their hearts pained and their sighs rising un bidden, on seeing placed in the grasp of their reve rend and beloved friend the episcopal croziei^ which in his hands was to become the sustaining staff of the. intrepid missionary as well as the emblem of -his sacred authority, and on beholding the mitre placed upon his head and the signet ring upon his finger-^the cme.to.be, his helmet in. the battle which he 'has to fight for the faith, and the other the token of the pledge which binds him to the glorious mission he lias undertaken, of spread, ing the religion of the cross throughout the remote regions of the new world. The hour of eleven o'clock had been named for tho commencement of the ceremonial, but long previous to that time the beautiful church of the Catholic University, wherein the consecration took place, was densely thronged in every part accessible to the laity with a congregation comprising a large section of the influential Catholic gentry resident in Dublin, and also several distinguished visitors from distant localities, all evidently anxious to witness , the assumption of ttho sacred mitre and pastoral crozicr by this liticvotccl servant of God, whose viitues, more than his tra'nscendant mental gifts, have rendered him illustrious, and who is going forth, as the disciples did .of old, to preach in a distant clime the Gospel of his divine Master, to carry the standard of the cross into tho depths of the Australian wilderness, and to make the name of the Most High to bu sacred and glorified from end to end of tho-oarth, so that as the sun sots in , one hemisphere and rises in another — as the vesper hymn of thanksgiving ceases in the one, the morn ing song of praise shall commence in tho other, and that ' from the rising of. the sun to the going down thereof, the holy and unspotted Sacrifice shall be unceasingly offered ' up to the Eternal Father for the sins of the world.' At half-past ten o'clock the Most Rev. Dr. Dixon, Primate of all Ireland, who officiated as' consecrat- ing prelate, with the Right Rev. Dr. Gould, Lord Bishop of Melbourne, . and the Right Rev. Dr. Whelan. Lord Bishop of Bombay, who acted as as sistant Bishops, assembled in the library of the College, in Stcphon's-green, adjoining the churoh. The other prelates present were— the Right Rev. Dr. Moriarty, Lord Bishop of Kerry, and the Right Rev. Dr.1 Kilduff, .Lord Archbishop of Ar dngh. ? Here they met the Bishop Elect — as yet the Very Rov. Dr. James CJuin — who was accompanied by a number of eminent dignitaries of the Dublin archdiocese, also by- the Very Rev. Dr.- Gartland, Vice-Rector of tho Catholic University j the Very Rev. Dr. Russell, President of the College of May nooth ; tho Very Rev. Dr. Woodloek, President of All Hallows College, andi several other clergymen. The consecrating prelate, the assistant bishops, and other prelates, having assumed their robes, the as sistant priests and deacons of the High Mass were vested, and the numerous body of canons and other clergy who had been invited to attend the ceremonial also assembled, wearing their soutanes and surplices. The consecrating Archbishop and the other prelates then set forth iu procession, preceded by the sacer dotal dignitaries, headed by crucifer, bearing the processional cross, attended by acolytes, issued from the college building by the rere- entrance, and, making the circuit of the church, extra muros, arrived at the spacious vestibule adjacent to the principal portal of the church. Horo were as sembled the Very Rev. Vice Rector, the Very Rev. Doctor Anderdon, the Rev. Doctor Doyle, the Rev. Doctor Dunne, and tho entire body of Pro fessors of the various faculties of the Catholio Uni versity, including the Very Rev. Dean O'Loughlen, of St. Patrick's j Dr. Lyons, Dr. EIHb, Surgeon Hayden, Professor Win. Sullivan, Ph.D.; Dr. M'Sweeny, Professors O'Reilly, Curry, Marani; Ornsby, Stewart, Robertson, Arnold,' the Abbe ; Schurr, and several other gentlemen conneoted with tho University whoso names we did not learn. The gentlemen students of the University ' were, wearing their full academic costume. The procession of prelates and dignitaries was received by the repre sentatives of the University with the accustomed respectful formalities, after which the procession en tered the church, passing up through the centre nave to the sanctuary, when tho consecrating prelate was conducted to his throne, and the other bishops took the sedilice prepared for them j the stalls for the very reverend deans and canons, &c;, were placed in the lower cllpiPfr'Vs?,'-*i'i-y t-hn high .iltai'V a:id within tho sanctuary, according to the rite oii such ocoasions, a side altar was erected, before which the prelate elect knelt in devotion. The scene presented in the inte rior of the church at this period was grand and im pressive indeed. Yesterday being, besides, the so lemn Feast of the Apostles Peter and Paul, the vest ments worn at the High Mass by the Lord Primate and deacons were of crimson (the canonical colour of the feasls of martyrs). The vestments were of crimson cloth of gold, the chasuble of the con secrating arch-prelate boing magnificently overlaid with gold embroidery. The decorations of the high altar were in the purest taste, whilst the quaint me. diaval aspect of the altar and sanctuary — the de vout precision and exactness characterising every detail of the service of tUe siltar, and the surpassing solemnity of the proceedings generally — gave to the scene that peculiarly grand and impressive character, reminding one irresistibly of some of those gor geous pictures by the old Italian masters pointray ing the ceremonies of tho Catholic Church. His Grace the Lord Primate, as consecrating prelate, was, of course, celebrant of the High Mass. His Grace was assisted by the Rev. Dr. M'Qiiin as deacon, and the Rev. Dr. P. Doyle as sub-deacon, and by the Rev. Mr. Ilanratty, of Drogheda, as as sistant priest. The prelates assistant, robed in cope and mitre, were the Lord Bishop of Bombay and the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. The priests assist ant to these pielates were the Rev. Dr. Doyle and the Rev. Dr. Dunne, both of the Catholic Univer sity. The Rev. Dr. Anderdon, robed in plain sur plice and soutane, ministered in fte. sanctuaty as director of the arrangements. ThftAbv. Dr. Mur ray, secretary to his Grace, Tit.'wjSfal officiated as Master of Ceremonies. The V^jjfRev. Dr. Quin, of Athy, held in charge the rejjjSfisj^of his Holiness Pius IX., authorising and erijtjjMgg the consecra tion of the prelate elect. Amongjfelhe dignitaries and clergy present were^- ? vp *' The Very Rev. Dean Meyler, tW Very Rev. Dr. O'Connell, the Very Rev. Dr. Wooalock, President of All-Hallows College; the Very Rev. Dr. Rus sell, President of Maynooth College ; the Very Rev. Dr, Gartland, Vice-Rector of the Catholic Univer sity; the Very Rev. Canon Pope, Administrator, Cathedral Parish ; the Very Rev. Canon M'Cabe, P.P., St. Nicholas ; the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, Sydney, Australia ; the Rev. Dr. Quinn, Clonliffe Seminary ; the Rev. Dr. O'Loughlin, the Rev. Mr. Byrne, P.P., Celbridgej the Rev. Dr. Grant, Wicklow ; the Rev. P. M'Gauley, the Rev. Mr. Fagan, Blackroek; the Rev. Mr. M'Manus, St. Nicholas; the Rev. Mr. Beardwood, the Rev. Mr. Mullally, the Rev. Mr. O'Mahony, South Parish, Cork ; the Rev. — Murphy, the Rev. Mr. Purcell, Cathedral parish ; the Rev. Mr. Daniel, St. Catherine's ; the Rev. Mr. O'Farrell, the Rev . — Reilly, &c;, &c.; The august solemnity was conducted with all the pious exactitude and devout fulfilment of ritual splendour which so grand and important ah occasion demanded. Nothing could be more beautifully in keeping with the solemn nature of tho ceremonies than the sacred music of the High Mass and the appropriate canticles which were sung on the occa sion. The choir was composed of gentlemen of .Dublin and gentlemen students of the Catholic 'University, whose voices included dellciov\3 tenor, powerful basso, and rich baritone voices, with an exceedingly, sweet treble choir. The vocal corps was conducted by Professor C. B. Lyons, whoso contributions to Catholic Church music are deserv edly admired and appreciated. The music on this occision comprised Casciflltni's Grand High Mass, tho several pieces in- which were most tastefully per formed, the church organ, at which Mr. M'Dermott presided, giving only a light and judicious accom paniment. The grand Te Damn of Signor Ilari was splendidly sung towards the close of tho ceremony by tho full power of the choir. The solemn Litany of Saints was ohaiinted by the organ choir and the choir of priests below. Immediately after the first gospel of tho High Mass the Right Rfcv. Dr. Mori arty, Lord Bishop of Kerry, having first knelt to receivo tho blessing of tho Lord Primate, took his place at the mar'dle rail iu front of tho sanctuary, fully in the view of the vast congregation, and, after invoking the holy name with due reverence, deli vered a discourse suitable to the .solemn., and im portant occasion on which they had assembled that day. His Lordship spoKo as follows':— Dearly beloved Brethren, you are come here to-day to witno3s the most interesting ceremony of the whole Christian ritual— the transmission in all its groat plenitude of the great priesthood of Jesus Christ. Accustomed as we are from our infancy, to bolievo in the exist ence of 8'priesthobd, finding it nctuully!oxisting,!and finding the same belief pervading the : human race, even in the darkest times of man's history, we come to look upon it as one of the ordinary and common works of God, and we^pauso not to considor the deop mystery it reveals. And yet, my dearly beloved brethren, what more wonderful in all the oracles of divine revelation than that man should come between us and God, in paying Him worship or in receiving of His grace ? Is he not our common Father ? — aro we not all equally His children ?— does Ho not make the light of Heaven to shine upon us all ulike ? — doe3 he not mako the fertilising rain of Heaven to fall upon us all iiuliscrimitmtelv ? — has He not lit for all of us in our own bosomtp.1 lamp of reason, whose light ia borrowed from Heaven'f — may He not speak to each of us in tldMiOusaud voices of the many, great and beautiful Tilings He has made, which show to the understanding the in visible things of God? — may He not mould and fashion at His pleasure this ltcfrt of ours— touch with his own fingers its ovety chord, and awake in it that harmony of holiness Ho loBs to hear? — may He not save us Himself? YafL beloved brethren, ?III! rf He might, had it so pleased Him. But he prefers to deal with us as in our natural growth, and in jfeo* acquisition of natural strength. He wishes to Wsa the ministry of man towards man, that we ifiny bo mutually dependent on ono another — that we may love, not only the giver, hut those who are the con veyancers of his gifts — that we may love both Goil and man. But whatever be the purpose of God which it is not ours to fathom, the fact is so, dearly beloved 'brethren. lTe will hot save us HiySself without the aid and ministry of man. In the; Old Law Ho commanded Moses, to consecrate Aaron, with his sons, that they might minister to Him ia the priest's office. He bade him make for them holy vestments for glory and for beauty, and pour upon them the oil of unction, and put mitres on their heads, that they might be priests to Him for a perpetual ordinance. When others dared to lay hold on the censer, Scripture tells us that tho earth broke asunder beneath their feet, and swallowed them up with their tents and thoir substance, for He separated the sons of Levi from all the people, and joined them to Himself, to servo Him in the worship of tho tabernacle, and he would allow none other to challenge unto themselves this priesthood. When our Divine Lord came, and the Old Law had fulfilled its purpose, and was to pass away,' He chose twelve, whom He gathered round Him, and whom he appointed as the fathers of the new priest hood. He prescribed for them the rite and gave them the power of sacrifice. He took bread and blessed it, and said to them, ' Do this in commemo ration of me.' He bid them baptize alij men in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the, Holy Ghost, that all might receivo anew birth, in. the la bour of sanctification. , He breathed into their souls the spirit of regeneration, that they might cleanse from sin. He commissioned them to go forth and to teach all nations ; and to those only who through their word should believe in Him, He promised life eternal; As when He fed the multitude in tho desert, lie blessed bread and gave it to His disci - ' pies, and they gave it to the multitude, so now has He entrusted to the consecrated hands of His minis ters His blessed Word and His holy sacraments. Audit is theirs to distribute, multiplying to in finity the sacred food as it passes through their hands, so that after having fed to satiety all man kind, there will still remain an undimihished abun dance. Dearly Beloved Brethren, this priesthood which He established was to bo a lasting institution, on the earth. While yet the apostles were in the re tirement of that upper chamber where they waited the Holy Spirit, Peter commanded that one should be chosen to replace the apostate Judas, and Matthias was invested with the apostleship. -What Peter commanded to do that day, Petei's successors have been doing until now, and - this day the same has been done before our eyes, for by. tho command which has come from Rome, and which was read at the beginning of this ceremony, this chosen one has been appointed to take the place of this ministry and apostleship, and to go to the very ends of the earth, that he may be a witness tothc ressurrection of Jesus, and a herald of the salvation which wo have through Him and through Him alone. Arid here, beloved brethren, you have not seen transmitted the minor powers arid functions of tho ministry, nor even the powers, great and mysterious though they ue, pi the second order of the priesthood; but when the consecrating prelates laid their hands upon his head and repeated the words of their Master — ' Receive the Holy Ghost' — then tho Lord above poured out upon him the full horn of sacerdotal grace, and he became on the instant a successor of the apostles, not in their extraordinary commission, but in all the essential powers of their episcopacy. .What, then, my dearly beloved brethren, can we conceive among the works of 'God greater than that which has been wrought 'before us? Our fellow creature, our 6 fellow servant, is madctho, messenger of God. Tho Lord says to him as to the prophet of old : — ' Thou shalt go to all that I shall send tliee, and whatsoever . I shall command theo thou shalt speuk.' To him is. this day renewed the great commission, and part of it is given to him .to carry out — ' Go forth to all nations, teaching them to observe whatsoever I have commanded;' ,??; Ho goe3 forth, ?the1. minister of God and the dispenser of Ilis mysteries, hearing with him all the means of sanctification: which He has ; established— that ho may judge the people, aud, by a Divine warrant, loone or bind them — that he may impart to them thbse helps and graces, infinite in their number and variety, which the Lord has left us in' tho treasury of His church. lie goes as the ambassador — the representative of God. ' For Christ we discharge) an embassy,' says the apostle, 'foe He hath placed in us the 'word of reconciliation ;' and He has said : ' Whosoever rcceiveth.you receiveth Me( and whosoever betroth you heareth Me, who despiseth yon despiseth Me.1' Nay, the apostle has oven said what no man would ever have dared to say, had not the word been said under the inspiration of tho Holy Ghost: 'We are the helpers of God' — Dei snmiis ad julorn — fur, beloved brethren, tho Lord, has resolved not to convcrtand teach, and sanctify and save tho world; but by the ministry and coop eration of that' npostleallip and priesthood which Ho established and appointed for this end. Thus commissioned, he will go forth to tell to this gene cation of mankind the groat secrets of Heaven which Ue revealed — the power, and thewijBom, and the inercy of God, manifested to us in tlft re demption wo have through Jesus Christ— tho beau~ tiful things of God's law, so perfect, so holy, so just. He will go forth to declare the will of God to man — so, that man, conforming his will thereto,, may have the likeness' of God finished and perfcct^l in him ; for this is the will of God — your sani^flca.. tion — and by this sanctification are we made, Hi the words of the apostle, partners of a Divino natlro— x di sine coimortei nntur.-v. Wo rejoice, my baloved brethren, that this holy rite is performed -m the festival and under the auspices of the great apostles, St; Peter and St. Paul; of St.. Peter, wlSo w.is appointed chief ruler of tho church, and of St. Paul, who wns the chosen vessel to preach the name of Christ to tho nations of tho earth, and through whoso preaching the fullness of the Gentiles waa to enter into tliaJ church. We are remintlod that he,- by whose authority we act, aud whose behests we are carrying cut, holds the keys of B\ipreme jurisdiction, und by his government gives to the Kingdom of Christ its earthly form and con stitution. So that we are acting, not in obedience to any secular power, which can neither hurt nor serve the soul, but to the power which Christ dele gated when he said to Peter, ' I give to thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven.' We are re minded, and wo rejoice, that we are not strangers to the covenant, nor foreigners, having no share in the \ privileges of the kingdom, but that we are the fellow-citizens of the saints, and the domestics of God, built upon the foundation of the prophets and the apostles — Christ himself being the great corner stone. For, beloved Brethren, in building up the »piritu.il temple of God, as we are this day doing, we know that we build on the foundation which Christ laid, when He said : ' Thou nrt Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church.' . We rejoice that we are not of those who feed In poisoned pastures, but that we are tended and guarded and led by Him to whom the Lord said in the person of Peter : ' Feed my lambs, feed my sheep.' . ' ;This is the day on which Peter was crucified and . Paul beheaded. The blood of the apostles has i / been a fruitful seed germinating until now, and & ' fresh as ever to-day in its growth, reminding us of \4 the never-dying life of the church, and of the enfluring strength of that hierarchy which rules it, . and of him to whom the Lord said : ' Confirm thy ,; brethren.' IS. it should be reserved for our dayi to witness in the successor of Peter a fulfilment of that prophecy : ' When thou , ?? wast young thou didst gird thyself and didst walk ?'where thou wouldst, but when thou shalt be grown ' 'diet another will gird thee and lead thee where thou ? wouldst not,' we shall not be disheartened, but re : member that when Peter was bound and cast into ? prison, when God wished him yet to govern his ? Church; his angels struck the chains from off his hands, unbarred his prison doors, and set him free; and when his time was come to receive his reward, ? then he glorified God by his death, and another took his place. Thelastwordof our beloved Lord, which St. John records at the close of the book of the . Gospels, is that which he addressed to Peter, and, in . him, to all his successors: — 'Follow thou me.' . We rejoice also on to-day, my dearly beloved breth . - ren, because what is done before us is for the spreading of the Church of God. It is the fulfil ment of the promise of her Catholicity. When St. Peter was in Joppa, at the house of Simon the tan ner, he saw in an ecstacy tlie heaven opened, and a ? vessel descending, as it were a great sheet let down by the four corners, from heaven to earth, wherein : were all manner of four-footed beasts and creeping things, and of fowls of the air, and the vessel was taken up into heaven ; and he was given to under stand that this signified the nations of the world ? admitted into the church of Christ. This was the ? promise made to Abraham when the Lord took him ' r outside his tent, bid him count if he could the stars ?.'of heaven, and then told him that so should his seed ; be— that in him all the nations of the earth should . be blessed. St. Paul tells us that it is in the children of Abraham's faitli that this promise is I .fulfilled. This is the promise which the Psalmist records— 'Ask of ire and I will give thee the Gcn . .tiles for thy inheritance, and the utmoBt parts of the earth for thy possession— the ends of the earth shall be converted to the Lord, and all the Gentiles shall adore in his sight.' This is the glorious vision that rose. before the prophetic soul of Isaiah when he cried out— ' Enlarge the place of thy tent and stretch out the skins of thy tabernacles ; spare not : '. lengthen thy cords and strengthen thy stakes, for thoii shalt pass on to the right hand and to the left, and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles.' This is the vision of Daniel, when he saw the old empires of the world broken to pieces; so that, like the chaff on the summer's threshing floor, they'were carried away by the'wiml, while the stone that was cut out of the mountain, but not by human hands, grew great until it filled the whole earth. This, which ; we have seen, beloved brethren, is the literal fulfil ment of our Lord's own words—' You shall be ? -witnesses' to me in Jerusalem and Judea, Samaria, and unto the end of the earth.' And brethren, we rejoice in the part our own dear land is taking in this spread of the Gospel. As of old, she is sending . her priests and her bishops far away to plant the , cross and to preach tiie word, and to the long list ?or Christian churches which her missionaries formed . during the fust period of her history, and which they.are founding throughout the vast regions of the newly discovered world in these times, she, this day ftdds one more by giving the first Bishop to the Episcopal See of Brisbane, in Australia. This day twenty-five years the first bishop was consecrated for 'Australia. Five-and-twenty years have gone by; and now we find seven bishops, one hundred and ?fifty priests; and four hundred thousand Catholics composing that magnificent Church. The Right Rev, Dr. Quinn goes from amongst us, brethren, * with the blessing of many a grateful heart, for he ?hns'broHght blessings to many a home by the pious and Christian education he has laboured to give to the children of this city. Ho goes from amongst ? those devoted men, who are labouring within those sacred walls, to make our country once more the school of the west. He goes where many a child of his own dear land will welcome him in that distant region, which they, too, have made the country of their adoption. He goes, beloved brethren, and we pray that the winds of hen yen may bear him safely ? to his destiued shore; we pray that when he treads that'distaut: land his career may be illustrious in preaching the Gospel, 'and that he may live to see the :bhildren ' of his flock multiplied by thousands upo'OHonsands, sitting around the table of the !k°r!Jv ,..AVe .pray that. the portion- of the vineyard which is this day. entrusted to his care may be fruitf«i; may pfoduco a. plentiful harvest for heaven. And-wc pray that the crown which the church now places on' his head may never be exchanged but for ? a crown of everlasting glory i ' After the, sermon the High Mass and the other \--})liiises'tof' the 'Pontifical rite were resumed, land when they had concluded the newly consecrated prelate, ths Right Rev. Dr. Q,uin, Bishop of Brisbane, walked in procession through the nave and aisles of the church, 'accompanied by the assistant Bishops, and attended by the assistant priests, bestowing his first episcopal benediction upon the congregation, who krieU- to receive it as he passed, lie returned then to the nllar, where the ceremony of tho enthronement , look' place. Tho Te Deum was sung in splendid style, by the organ choir, and finally, his lordship, as suming his jewelled mitre and pastoral crazier, pronounced his solemn blessing on the people. The ceremonial then concluded, and the Lord Primate, the newly consecrntcd Bishop, and the other prelates left the sanctuary, preceded by the dignitaries and priests in procession. The vast congrogation then gradually separated. Affer tho ceremony tho prelate's, clergy, and a number oi' the laity partook of u dejeuner which waz prepared for them in one of lecture rooms of the University. ' ' ' The Very Rev. Dr. Gartland, vice-director of the Catholic University, occupied tho cluir. ; When, the repast had concluded. ' ' Tho Very Rev. Chairman' rose and s.iid— It be pomes , my duty, in the absence. of our esteemed Rector, to express , how wo feel that a very great honour has been .conferred' on the University, by :tiip presence at this great rite of the Church, which took place to day, of so many clergymen of dis tinction in the country. We feel, as I have said, that a great honour has been conferred on the University, .and wo venture to. hope that some of that fostering encouragement we so much require may, perhaps, dates it commencement from this day. (Hear.) At this hour I do not wish to enter into so large a question as that; it is enough for me to simply to return thanks, and to say that such men as the professors of this University are able to appreciate fully the high honour conferred on the Institution. (Hear, hear.) I shall merely ask permission to propose better health to our absent patron, the Archbishop of Dublin, and long life and many happy years to the Bishop of Brisbane, to the Most Rov. Dr. Dixon, the Archbishop consccrator, und to the other prelates. (Hear, hear.) The toast having been duly honoured, the com pany separated. 