THE THIRD PROVINCIAL COUNCIL OF 'WESTMINSTER. (From the Tablet.) Benigne fac Dominein bona voluntate tua Sion ; ut jedificentur muri Jerusalem. ' The Hierarchy,' said a learned and laborious Bishop of our English Church, on a similar occa sion to the present, 'arose at a time when greater and more illustrious Churches were breaking from those iron bonds' with which the temporal power had bound .1; Mr;; and in the freshness of their freedom} they' gifeetsd us as risen from -the rtrad. And no sooner had the Apostolic, hands of Peter removed our swathings ami set us free, than a certain glory of porsecation came upon us, which deeply fixed the tact of our restoration in ihe minds of men, and inscribed it in broader characters for the page of history. .... The Hierarchy, which arose amidst sn wild an opposition, means that fertile organization which the Holy Ghost breathed into the Churcli from her earliest begin ning. It means the restoration of that discipline by which the Saints avakened and directed the energies of pastoral solicitude. It means an Epis copacy and a Clergy imbued with the deep wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiffs, Fathers, and Councils. It means the regulation of ecclesiastieal govern . merit by subordination of authorities, under the influence of that unity which is the secret of all strength. It means subjection to precise rules, both for Bishops and Clergy, as well as for those who are governed.' The Provincial and Diocesan Synods which have beer, celebrated in England during the last seven years, are among tho most .evident frnits of our restored Hierarchical organization. In themselves, of course, they are but means to an end; but the careful manner in which they have been conducted and happijy concluded, and the good results which have already followed from their celebration, afford an adequate ground for thankfulness and congra tulation. . Cathedral Chapters have been erected, Missionary Rectories established, and Churches multiplied on every side. Considerably more than a hundred have been built in England since the establishment of the Hierarchy; and there has been a corresponding increase in our clergy and schools ; not to mention other religious and charitable insti tutions. And how much of this increased energy and activity is attributable to the more perfect or ganization, and consequent synodical action, of our struggling Church ! We mentioned last week that his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop, the Archbishop Coadjutor, and all the Bishops of England, were assisting at the Provincial Council, which is assembled at Os cott College ; and we are now enabled to give the names of the Theologians and officers of the Synod. They are as follows : — Diocese Deputies of Chapters. Theologians of Bishops. Westminster.... Canon Maguirc, D.D. Rev. D. Challlot. Beverley ? ' Canon R. Browne Canon Walker Newport nntf Prior Sweeney, Menovla ? O.S.B. Birmingham...'. Canon Flanagan Canon Morgan, : D.D. Hexham.*. ? Provost Platt Mgr. Canon Corn .' . thwaite, D.D. Soutliwark ? ?„ Canon Yierney ... „ Canon .Crookall. \------ ??-.- f.V3?jg£-v? -?*:? --.':..??-? D.D.' Salforrt ? Caiion TUmmer Canon Benoit Shrewsbury ..... ' Canon Frith Canon Lennon Nottingham..... Provost Jonea Dr. Torcelli, O.P. Liverpool........ Provost Cookaon Rev. R. Vantfe ? ! pttte Plymouth ? -.. Provost Brindlo Canon Agar Clifton...... ? Canon Williams Rev. P. Gonln, O.P. Northampton... Canon Oleron, D.D. Rev. P. Aylward, Trebiiond ? Canon O'Neal Provincials of Religious orders :— Jesuits— V. Rev. Joseph Johnson. Benedictines— V. Rev. Dr. Burohall. Dominicans— V. Rev. F. Proctor. Passlonists— V. Rev. F. Ignatius (Paoll)- Oblates of Mary— V. Rev. F. Cooke. Orderof Charity— V. Rev. F. Rinoin. Secretaries. Masters of Ceremonies. Canon BagnalV Rev. Di Moore .' Canon Morris Rev. J. H. Patterson ?; . Canon Wyndoyer . Hon. and Rev. Edmund Stonor. Rev. Dr. Roskell. ' ' j ? ?; Notary— GiBdwyer; Esq.. JIvP»v. ; The. first session was, opened qri Wednesday, the 1 3th of July; and the procession entered the cloisters in . the following '?' order :.— Subdeacnn with cross; the choir j: the officers of the Synod ;': the Metro politan 'Cross : of Westminster, between .two acolytes ;? six [acolytes ;-. Theologians of the Bishops; the Procurators of the Cathedral Chap ters, in their Capitular robes' (rochet and purple hioz'ettai- the- latter edged with purple) ; tho' Superiors of Religious Orders ; the Deacon aiid Subdeacon of the Mass ; their Lordships the Bishops, in red copes and gold mitreSj attended by their chaplains and train-hearers; ..the Assistant Priest (V. R. Mgr. Canon CornthwaAte, D.D.) ; the 'mitre and crozier bearers to . tho Cardinal ; the Eminent Cardinal Metropolitan of Westminster, with his two attendant Deacons (Canons Bagnall. and Flanagan) ; the book and bugia bearers, train bearer, &c.; As the proeeBsion proceeded, the prescribed hymns and psalms, Veni Creator,- Ave Moris Stella, $(c., were sung, and the Arch bishop and Bishops gave their blessings to the people. The prelates and clergy having taken their places in the choir, the Cardinal Metropolitan said the prayers prescribed in the Pontifical, and assumed the vestments for Mass, and the Palladium (the badge of metropolitan jurisdiction,) which is only worn on the most sacred occasions. The veetments are of extreme richness and beauty (of the Gothic pattern, but not exceeding the pre scribed limits), and are known to many of our readers as being associated with the name of the Cardinal's, martyred, predecessor, St. Thomas of Canterbury,. upon whose festival they are used at Fulham.Church;in this diocese. His Eminence then celebrated a solemn Mass'of the Holy Ghost, and after the Gospel had been sung, ptoceeded to deliver tlieifdliowingserinon; — TIip'qA'jvblNAL'S SERMON. ' Orate nun'c Deum omnum qiii magna fecit omni terra, qiii auxit'diesnostros a venire, inatris tiostra et fecit' nobisciim 'se'cunduin suam miserioordiam, det nobis jueunditatem c'ordis et fieri pneem in diebus nostris iu Israel per. die3 sempiternos.' — Ecclesias- ticii.24. ' Pray, then, now to the God of all, who hath done great things for the whole earth ; who hath in creased our days from the womb of our mothers, and hath 'dealt with us according to his mercy, that he may give us joyfulness of heart and peace in our days in Israel, even to the days of eternity.' — Ec- cles. i. 24. My Right Rev., Vevy Rev., and Rev. Brethren,— It would have been impossible to address you this day, without alluding to the occurrences which bound us by the tics of fear and anxiety, us well as by those of love and faith to our Sovereign Pastor thus forming a triple cord of 'allegiance to him. It is impossible, after the tidings which havo reached us this day, not to speak in a strain of hopefulness that God may fill our hearts with joy, and soenro to us that peace of which wo havo just received the an nouncement. Ami having now to change tho thoino of ray discourse, what tcxtia more natural than this, in which it seems that the circumstances of our times are described to us. It ia well that^assumbled here, we should pray to the God of all, to tho God who knows no distinction of people, or country,' or tribe, or language, who has sent His Sun to die for and save all people, and, by sliudding his precious blood, bring them nil into uuity of faith and love ;— it is well, I say, that we should pray to Him who hath doue woudersin the whole earth, wonders which in our times, above those of others, have arisen ma jestically from every clime, and have coma down from every sphere, and have made known in this more than in any other age the greatness, and mag nificence, and goodness of God ; — wonders of sci ence which, whether they arise from the abyss, or bring w:th them new messages from the furthest -oundaries of earth, bid us all join and proclaim how great is God in His works ) — wonders of human skill, making use of the powers of nature For the production of novel and unexpected results, uniting the boundaries of 'earth together, so that the power of God may instantaneously appear at the extremes of the world, in ways so conducive to the welfare of man ; bringing us here, and even i fonio of us from a distant land, to join in his praise; — wonders which exhibit- the development of the powers of man, and prove how in every part of the eaith at once God is working wonderful things for the human race. It is well that we should praise and love Him, and pray m confidence to Him, who hath done such great things for us, who hath increased our days from our mother's womb, and has dealt with us not according to the magni ficence of His designs, but in the tenderness of His eternal mercy ; who hath shown us of this land, from the womb of our mothers, such goodness and kind ness, and has thus given us particular motives to beg him to fill our hearts with thankful joy, and give us that peace which he has secured to this country more than any other, through all the Israel of God, through all His Church, even from our days to the days of eternity. A few reflections on this thought which is brought before us by what we have heard to-day, will suffice to fill that brief space which ought to be allotted to a discourse like the present ; addressed to those whose piety, whose learning, whose pastoial zeal are so much better calculated to instruct you, my reverend brethren, and myself, than anything which I can say. You will therefore allow me to dilate on this one idea — how from our mother's womb God has increased our days, and dealt with us according to His mercy. Most who are here are young. There are a few who oah go back to another generation in our history, another condition of our state ; and we who'oin do so, looking back, partly from memory, and partly from words spoken to us in early life, we can reach the period of our mother's womb, and by studying the progress of the Church through our early years, through our advancing life until now, we can say that we have seen the hand of God — lhat hand which alone can give increase, doing wonderful things in these our davs. We can observe that there has been progress without division — that there has been increase alway?, without one single moment of de cline, till at length, for the third time, we find our selves united together in Provincial Synod — we who, when we were young, when we were in the middle part of that period, would have no more dreamt it possible, than that England should have witnessed in her land the collection of a General Council. We should haire smiled at being told that the in crease would go on until we should have assembled together a numerous body of Bishops, equal to any province of the Church — that we should see the clergy decked in their canonical robes, and exercis ing their office of counsellors to their Bishops — that we should see in their habits the representatives of the old religious orders fearlessly meeting the gaze of the world. We have advanced to this ex utcro tnatris—' from our mother's womb,' frnm tho time when we dared not raise the Cross, to give us its solitary shelter, but rather shrank into obscurity. God has done all this. He has made our days fruitful, abundant, overflowing ; and He has made them more than that, He has made them abundant, with an overflow of celestial delights. Is not this a reason, then, why we should pray to God with con fidence? Oraienunc! Pray with assurance — pray now, after this peace which you have had. But how does this connect itself in the mind with what we have heard to-day — the intelligence which clears from the horizon the clouds of sanguinary and af Aiding conflict, which removes from our thoughts the fear with which on each succeeding day we looked forward to the intelligence that was sent us, fearing lest it should announce some 10,000 more souls precipitated into eternity, by the triumph of that Pagan thought, that man can carry his rights by the ruin of lands and destruction of life. We are now relieved from that painful anxiety with which we were oppressed. . But this isnothing compared to the thonght.which opens to us, that there is a new crisis «iriived. Who has triumphed? Who has been the gainer? Is it the Emperor who arrests his course in the midst of victory, to ask for an armistice that may lead to peace t Is it that power which has had for cen turies, a wonderful force of endurance, such as no other has been invested with- — that' power which has a more sacred sanction ? than any other for its ruling; and enduring influence— that power which owes' its -princely rule and imperial state to the devotion of the ancestor who bore the lanteni and walked on foot before the Lord of glory, car.ied by jHis pastor, who declared prophetically -that because he had tended his Lord the reign of the House' of Hapsburg should be great and perpetual ? The war is at an end. It is now the commencement of peace. God, who is the God of battles, has re moved war to the ends of the earth, and has given us peace, and joy, and security. It is God's baud ; and whatever man may gain or lose is compara tively indifferent. And although He leaves us in perplexity and donbr, whilst conflicts like those of recent occurrence are taking place, and whilst nego tiations are pending, yet never in one instance has a new combination come into complete effect but we see afterwards -that God had His Church in His heart— that he had her lot in His hand when He dictated peace or thundered forth the command of war. And this is so clearly applicable to our case, that it is impossible not to go back before the time when we were in the obscurity of non existence, and read there the lessons which a similar crisis brought to us individually. My breth ren, I ask why are there not /o;-r .Catholic Vicars Apostolic meeting together m an obscure room, in the dullest and darkest part of London, instead of thirteen or fourteen bishops, assembled, with all that becomes their dignity, in the chapel of a college such as this? Why, but because there was war, and desolation, and destruction ; and if we look back and review tlie ways of Providence, we can see that there were no other means possible which could have brought us to this. Suppbie that wars had ? not broken forth, where hIiouUI we have been? We should, perhaps, havfi been able to convene a certain number of clergy, who might have been allowed in the evil days of persecution to be here. The four bishops of England might possibly have gone to the noble college of Do u ay, and there met in con. vention or conference. But could we be, now con gregated here,, had not a groat and mighty power, valiant as well as strong, irresistible, and knowing ; no laws but those of interest, sprung up amides.' ! troyed and mined everything? Cull you, my brethren, imagine that the bishops would , have met and said, 'Let ua destroy tho work of 300 years. Dpwn with that inagnihccut coll'oge which has afforded us Bishops and1 ministers for so ninny years. Down with those noblo establishments which tho munificence of Catholic govern meuts have, no .generously, supported for us. Down with that college ivlucli Pope after Pope has cherished and eucouraged under dh'o very shadow of St. Peter's. Down with all the colleges which' havo been estab lished fiir so many years fu foreign lands. You, Fathers of. the Benedict!.. o family, overthrow your establishments in Germany and Franca. Leavo your lands and houses, destroy the traditions of1 centuries, and come over to this persecuting country, which has not yet reversed the law which drives you away from the land,. and begin a new work without house or Iviuie,. Bhultcr or means. And you, Fathers of w Society whose name, when a priest, waB to be men tioned with hatred, has always been added, so that the priest might be hated with a double hatred — yon who are detested by the country, and distinguished from the body of Catholics, overthrow your great and splendid edifices, and come to this hating and persecuting land. And you, Spouses of Christ, who fled away from that land which knows not your beauty and your virtue ; you who have for 300 ?' years dwelt under the shelter of .foreign sovereign*, . happy and blissful families, generation succeeding . ? generation through ages, — leave it all. Coineaway, without provocation from those who have lovedand protected you. Leave-all things, and in poverty be gin, and again reconstruct your hanible homes.in a, land which does not know you. Would it ?s'ound like paternal wisdom ? Or, rather, would it not seem human folly (he deepest that can be imagined, to have asked the tlcr^y and religious communities ? of' Europe to quit their homes and return hero? We should not have thought of mooting the question. We should have gone on for yeavs to come, thankful for what the law gave. This end could not have been accomplished except by the power of God, who raised up such a means in Europe as effected the entire work. Had nation gone to war with na tion as before, the nation that conquered would havo been preserved in peace. If France and Germany had fought, Belgium and Spain would have been at peace. If Franco and Spain, taking England into the contest, bad come into the conflict, Italy would not have bean involved, and some portion of our establishments would have continued. But God, seeing that the time was come for England to he regenerated, that the time was arrived for England to be restored to the Hierarchy of the Chuvch, that She should be provided with an indigenous Clergy, brought up with English feelings, and even preju. dices ; that it was necessary at the same time for her to have a body of religious institutions,— the Bene dictine, the Franciscan, the Dominican, the JeBuit, and others from Germany, Holland, France, and Spain, are brought, and bring in their various waters of salvation. God saw that in such a way alone could England be fitted for the great and mighty advance. It begin from our mother's womb. Some of us remember it; and how was this to be done? It required that one man, who . was reckless, who considered nothing but his own interest, 3hould gain a uniform ascendancy in every country in which England had institutions ; that hatred to England should lead to the destruction of everything English ; that British p-ejudice should exieuu useit at once in tne torm ot love oi one's country to those whom she had expelled from her land. It required that a number of Priests, whom persecution had banished, should diffuse themselves over the country j that they should attract tlie sympathy of those amongst whom they were cast; that attachment to them, and admiration for their virtues, should lead to a desire to be acquainted with their doctrines. All this could only have been ' effected by one peculiar course of Providence. ? That course was taken ; and we owe it entirely to the sternness of the hatred of one man, that Eng land is now what we behold her. Can wo fail to see that, whatever may have been the intentions of Prcvilence as regards other nations, whatever may have been the designs of Providence as regards the . re-establishment of the Pontifical power, or of tl o influence of the Church in the ' countries' in which - it has existed; however we may look at the results of the revolution in Germany, restoring the true Ecclesiastical system in that country, and re-cstab. lishing Ecclesiastical relations between 'the Episco pacy and the Holy See ; whatever judginent wo may form on the revolution which convulsed Europe; we cannot but see that if God had no other view than the re-establishment of the Church ia England, on a sound religious basis — that if He had bound- His infinite foresight to this alone — we can see an object worthy of His omnipotence, and results justifying His counsels. I ask you, if after what we have seen of the dealings of Providence in the whole earth, are we not called on now to pray. Orate Niinc. For what 1 That the sadness of the days just passed may be converted into joy of heart j that the perplexity and uneasiness of yesterday may to-day ripen into cheerfulness and exultation, seeing .that God has dealt with us in mercy ; for we were anxious, know ing that the calamities of our Father'were our own calamities. -Then let us have full confidence that'1 whatever God is doing in the earth is in. mercy to ' us, and that He intends joy to 'come to us. 'And how we should particularly have this joy, in these pur days, and that it may be established' in Israel even to the days of eternity. ? From this day natu rally ceases the prayer for peace which has been ottered up for some time past. Iu the course of tlie. Synod the Fathers may think right to enjoin the. Te Deum for the return of pjace. In the meantime, let us be thankful and rejoice, and pray that this peace may be sincere, stable, and enduring, biued ' on good and honest intentions; that it may not be disturbed by the inconstancy of man, or. the restlessness of the wicked ; but that it may be a blessed peace, protected against the evil machina tions of those who bella volant— -Who wish not fur peace, but for war. Let us thank God for all that I He has done, and beg nn increase of blessings, striving to advance iu holiness aud love, praising Him all our days, even to the end of our lives. ' ' The Mass being resumed and finished, various psalms and litanies were sung, as likewise the hyinu 'Veni Sancte Spiritus,' and the Cardinal Arch bishop opened the first session. His Eminence read the Allocution, ' Venerabiles consacerdotes,' from the Roman Pontifical. 