OLYMPIC THEATRE. An cxcellont bill out on Wednesday— throe plccos— - tho JJousAeeper, liouah Diamond, and Mr and Mrs White. Tho liiHt-nnmed is one of Douglas Jerrold's comedics, and is replete with humour, wit, and satire. What can be fiuer. for instance, than hl« definition of glory put into the month of Sydney Maynard— 11 glory, a bubble blown from blood/' Thin cannot boBUips*Ped for epi grammatic iers»ne*a, iruin, ar.u torce. in the « liaractcr of relicin, who plays tho putt of a liousek«eper to win her cousin** heart, there Is a benatifut blending of tho retiring bn hfulness of mnidenhood, ond of the innocent boldnev-s of a viigin lovo. Wo see charming tustie coquetty the one moment, as when she preps into tbo telescope to observe Venus, or interferes in the chess m itchhitw.cn Sydney aud Father Olivier, and in tho noxt win 11 Sydn«y is in danger, all oisgni«e is thrown olf, and thu irue woman in the plenitude of hor lovo stands cont'i s-omI. In this character Mm Poolo nppmr^d to great advantage, lool cd Well, drc?B d well, nmi over flowed with vivacity and life. In the light g«nicd comedy Mr« Poole has no rival, nnd l er personal g»fi» mark her out paitirularly for that department of tho profession. Her laugh 1* clcar, rioglng, nnd natural, her ttirJoyotiM nnd fr«c, and h-r face looks hotter wriathid with snubs, than when iu the trfdc mood. ? Wo doubt not she entertains an opposite opinion, but we will pit hor Lady Teazle against her Lady Mac'.cth. Mr.' Crosby as Sophia Hawcs looked very pretty indeed, but wo think she 'lightly exaggerated her part, ller trepida tion and flurry nhout the ghosts was nt natu nl as lifo, and excited great l.iughter and applause. Mr Edwins personated Sydney Muynard very satisfactorily, wliiL; Mr Howard as Simon wan highly facetious und nmu»ing. A drunken porter, a trifle in itself, was clabon.ted by MrAndrows into a character worth the seeing. x r Barry too ns Benjamin hit off the surly old st rvlng nan, presuming on his long tenuro of office, happily enough, nnd resigned his keys to tho housekeeper with tbo air of a disappointed Cerberus. The comedy went c.ff very sue* cis.sfully, thanks to tho united exertions of the compmy. On Thursday Katherine'and Petruehio was played, and His Isist L'Q9. Ou Friday, Macbeth, f-»r the benefit of Mrs Poole. Tho attendance on this occasion tva* very good. 