VA EIBTIES, "Why is a lover like a tailor ? Beoause ho presents his suit. What letter is that whioh is invisible, yet never out of sight ? The lottter I. Ts there any word whioh oontaius all the vowels ? Unquestionably. When is a fish pond mostliko a bird oage ? When it has a poroh iu it. Why is A the moBt useful tetter in tho alphabet to a deaf woman ? Becauso it makes ber hear. What QiRhlsnd sport would a number of young girls remind you of? Dears- talking. ' How are wo governed ?' 'Why, by the ladies to bo sure.' ' Yours is a very hard oase,' said the fox to the oy ster. ' We've risen in the world,' as the kite said to the tail. A glass of water obtained from the spring of th year is worth having. ' This is a net gain,' as the spider said when he oaught a fly. What kind of sweetmeats did they haveiu the ark ? Preservedpairs. Why is a flea like a railway ? Because it travels over sleepers. A pawnbroker is iiko an inebriate ; he takes the pledge, but oannot laways keep it! Every one is, at least, in one thing, againsthis will original— m his manner of sneezing. Betting is immoral ; but how oan the man who bets bo worse than tho man who is no better? The individual who was ' up to snuff,' has oome down to tobaooo. Ono of tho teeth of a biting frost was lately pioked up in the town of Hull. Wanted to Know.— How many men have bolted from the course of true love ? You look as though you wore beside yourself,' said a wag to a fop standing beside a donkey. A man walking down tho stroet lately, wassuddenly slruok by a thought, and knouked in the gutter, Thore is a man at Manohesler so upright iu his dealings that ho won't sit at his meals. .. What is the moral difference between oake and wine ? The one ia sometimes tipsy the other is alj ways drunk. When are women fathers ? When they are sighera (sires), whioh iB not unfrcquently the oase. A Clown's Conundrum. — Why is there never any euoh thing as one whole day ? Beoause every day begina by breaking. What is that whioh is enough for one, too muoh for two, and nothing at ail for tbree. Answor— a se cret. AVheuhnay a butcher he exoused for not selling you a bullook's heart i When he has'nt the heart to do it. In what class of men are the flnito propensities of human nature tho most fully developed ? In the Aeronauts ; they have reached a fine height. Why should a person make his last testament when in perfeot health ? Beoause when he's able he ought to bo willing. Why is a pretty young ladylike a looomotivo en gine? Don't give it up, there aro lots of reasons) Sho sonds off the sparks transports the mails (males) has a train following her : and passes over the plains. Two passengers woro oonversing togothor in a rail way carriage about musio. Ono gentleman asked the other, who appeared rather simple, if he knew the ' Barber of Seville.' " No,' tho latter replied, 'I al ways ehavo myself.' ' Johnny,' said a doting mother to a Eomewhat in- satiablo boy, 'oau you oat that pudding with impu nity ?' ' I don't know; ma,' quoth young hopeful, ' but I guoss I oan with a spoon.' ' Gubbine is verjr olose,' it was observed, ' he will squabble about a single farthing.' ' Well,' remarked Sharp, ' I have always thought the less one squabbles about the better.' scraps from punch's almanacs. A Tail fob the Mabines.— The Amerioan Sea Serpont. Exhaspiration.— Tho H-bone of contention. How to Descbibe a Circle — Wait 'till your wife has put on her orinoline. Sentiment of Vegetables.— Wo prize the cab bage for its heart, tho oauliflowcr for its head. Punctuality.— With kings, a politeness; with men, a business; with women, a pastimo- Hint to the Hioheb Classes.— Per a fashion able old lady to paint ber face, is to butter baoon. Character of (too many) a Servant.— The bearer has no ono good quality but her appetite. A Delicate Flower. — Tho rose bluahes; no wonder, considering the things that are done under it. A Bbute.— Mrs. Mopes 6ays she should so like a littlo change. Mopes offers her two and sixpence for half-a-orown. Amiable Conversation.— Wife : If you go on in this way, Mr. Jones, I'll sue far a separation, that I will ! Husband : Havo a oare, m&dame;, for Divoroe is a game that two oan play at ! A Question every Magistrate ought to ask him self before going to sleep— I wonder if I have com mitted myself in any way to day. A Forward Child.— An infant two months old taking an airing, crowed at a ' Caution to Tres passers" on a board in a plantation. The nurse re marked that it was beginning to ' take notioe.l The Language of Ladies.— Plain is the strong est word in tho feminine vooabulary to express ill looks. Some think it mild, but it is powerfully though delioatsly expressive- That whioh is plain is oon6piou- ous. It means, therefore, remarkably ugly. A lady never oalls a bull dog plain, or a baboon. That would be too severe. Things which do not Happen above Once in a Combtbhinb.— The disoovery in a lodging house of a knife that will out, a spoon wbioh is not bent, and a fork whioh possesses its full complement of prongs. The deteotion in a cabman's couutenanoo of a look whioh is indicative that what youshave paid him hai oontented him. logical paradox. Epaminondas said "All Cretans are liars." Now Epaminondas was himself a Cretan ; Therefore Epaminondas was a liar. But if ho was a liar the Cretans were not liars : Now if tho Cretans were not liars, Epaminondas was not a liar, But if he was not a liar, the Cretans were liars, J.A.H. . Perfectly Cool.— A oortaiu man, whom we will oail M., was noted for possessing great oourage and presence of mind, and tho orossest wife in the neigh borhood. More tban one attempt had been made to frighten him, without supooss; but one dark, stormy evening, ono of his brother ohips," resolved to see if thcro mm any scare in him, fixed himself up in the most ghostly style possible, and stationed himself in a lonely pieoe of wood, through whioh M. had to pass on liis way home. The pretended ghost bad soareely eottled himself iu his position, when M. hove in sight, and camo whistling along, unconcerned as usu al. Suddenly tho ghost oonfrouted him, and, in se- pulohral voioo, oonimanded him to stop. M. did so ; and, after regarding his companion for a moment, said, with the utmost coolness. ' 1 oan't step, friend ; if you aro a man, I must request you to get out of the way, and let me pass; if (you are tho Devil, oome along aud take supper with mo— I married your eis- tor. — American Paper. Black Mail in Naples.— Count Ferretti, bro ther to the Cardinal Ferretti, and oousin to Pio IK., is very fond of telling an aueodoto illustrativo of so- oiety in Naples. AVhou ho lived at Naples.as mana- gor of a steamboat uoinpauy, he went daily to his office and daily ho was robbed of his handkerchief. The thing vexed him, and ho complained to a friend, who udvised him to take out an insurance, and upon his assenting, took him to a sort of .office, where he insured his properly at half a saudo per month. He was kenooforward ontitled to an immunity, or at least redress, and whenever bis bandkeruhief was sloleu ho wont to tho ollioe, reported tho faot, and gave adosoription of tho missing property, whioh in variably wu9 sent to his house, with a punctuality whioh told volumes iu favor of the honesty Bnd the busiuess habits of tho Neapolitian yrosn.— Continen tal. A Pleasant Husband.— At Zarskcb Sdlo, the Grand Duke conoeivcd a decided tenderness (espeoi- nlly of an evening after drinking) for the littlo hurnp- baokod Princess of Courland. Ho kept constantly at her side, and would Bpoak to nobody else. At length this affair enmo to bo uarriod on openly in my own presence, and in that of all tho rest of tho world ; and it oortainly hurt my vanity and my self oBtoom to seo this little monster preferrod to mo. One day, on leaving table, Madame Vladislavs told me that overybody was shooked at this hump-backed girl be ing thus preferred. I anBWored, ' What oau I do?' Tho tears started to my eyes, and I went off to bed: I was soarcoly osloep whoa the Graud Duke oamo to bo l also. As ho was druLk, aud did- not know what ho was about, lie began to outertain mo with lauding the eminent qualities of his mistress, I pretended to be asleep, iu ordor to siionos dim ; but aftor raising bio voice to wake me, aud Beeing that I still slept on, bo gave mo two or throo heavy blows in the side,,, cursed my drowsines, and thou turned round and wont to sleep. 1 tvopt muuh that night over the thing it- , self, tho blows ho had given mo, and my own. position wbioh was then in every rosueot as disagra-bUas ... vexatious. — Autobiography of the Empress Catherine the Second <f Russia, x 