THE 'GHOST. OF A PARLIAMENT.'- The House of Assembly resumed its func tions yesterday just as placidly as though nothing extraordinary had happened on the previous day. It is true the Attorney-General was hoc m nis piace; due we ao not jkbow whether his absence ia to be interpreted into an expression of opinion that the sitting was illegal or not. It is, however, remarkable, that on a day when no fewer than four questions were to be addressed directly to him, that gen tleman should not present himself to the House ; and, viewed in connection with the events of tho preceding day, it may be under Btood to convey a tacit doubt of the legality of the proceedings. Certainly the value of the inference is slightly affected by the fact that the Supreme Court sat yesterday. But there was nothing else to indicate the 'delicate ground' on which the Assembly stood. The Speaker took the chair as usual; the Clerk announced the momentous fact with the cus tomary Bolemnity ; and the honourable mem bers who had notices on the paper for the day moved them with as much earnestness as though everything had gone on in the most perfect' accordance with rule the day before. This is scarcely fair to the public, who are doubtless waiting with breathless anxiety for some demonstrative proof thai' the legislation of the session will undoubtedly have the force of law notwith standing the collapse of Thursday. Take the very first measure of the session— the Census Bill— -as an illustration of the inconvenience that may arise from the perpetuation of the doubt now existing. It is quite possible that many persons may neglect or refuse to comply with the requirements of that measure, on the ground that it was the production, in part, of a Legislature which had no legal existence. If any attempt is made to punish their recusancy they will appeal to legal tribunals to determine whether they are amenable to any binding law or not. We are confident that a gentleman with tho legal acumen and forensic ability of tbe Attorney-General, retained on their behalf, could make out a case which would be, if not absolutely unanswerable, at least exceedingly difficult to answer satisfaetorily. Precisely the same reasons which render it necessary to pass an Act to take the census make it most desirable that the validity of that Act should be beyond all question. And to make it so the Hou«e must do something more than slur over the lapse of which tho whole country is cognizant . In recurring to this subject we are not actuated by a ' spirit of mischief,' but are endeavouring to exercise a prudent and proper precaution. That there is sufficient foundation for the doubt is, we think, apparent from the brief views of the case we presented yesterday. Our views are fortified by thos9 expressed simultaneously by our contemporary, which, indeed, are much more strongly put than we ventured to make the expression of ours. We did not wish to create an embarrassment which might have no substantial foundation ; but our contemporary roundly asserta that the House of Assembly ' committed suicide' on Thursday. Remem bering ttoUJw nwater-Bpirit of the MwriUer forms a portion of ttie?itotdaal Wme^^SS puzzled to know how the writer of the follow ing words could comfortably take a part in the business of legislation yesterday until some distinct solution of the difficulty had been ob tained from the Speaker : — ' It would too much savour of red-tapism to complain that the Speaker, in raising to life a dtad Parliament, had done so ' irregularly,' ^Ye rcust excuse tho mode of operation in honour of the deed itself. There ia a story of a tyrannical Buhair who fell overboard, and on being seized by the pig-tail ju»t as he whs sinking foi the third time, signalized his rescue by ordering the immediate execution of the unfortunate wretch tvho dared to insult that awful appendage. We must not evince n similar spirit toward 'ilr. Speaker ;' bnt It is an undoubted (act that he declared tbe House adjourned, dispersed tiis member*, scattered the reporters, and, contrary io ai' rule aad order, nas sitting in the chair a qaartrr cf &n; hoar afterwords, presiding over tho deliberations of tho adjourned tctstau,' The words we have printed in italics aro not bo emphasized by our contemporary ; but by giving them this prominence we have only done justice to the spirit of tho whole article, as wo will presently show by further extracts. But first, we would remark that it appears to us to partake very little of the red-tape element to question the vitality of 'a dead Parliament,' to which the semblance of life has been given ' contrary feo all rule and order.' Jl Parlia ment really defunct (meaning thereby a session terminated) can only be resuscitated consti tutionally by the summons of Her Majesty or her representative; and wo are quite .serious in affirming the possibility that this formality may yet have to bo observed in relation to the House of Assemby. It is obvious that it matters nothing whether the period of hybernation was 'a question of an hour' or a quarter of a century; the session really over, tho House has no power to reassemble tuo tnoiu It would be a carious plea to urgo.in tho case of, the supposed appeal to the Supreme Court that the deed was! a good: one, and must be held to justify tho , irregularity of the operation. However, we wiU nor- proceed by other quotations from the Advertiser'*; com ments on the occurrence, to show that our contemporary (and, by consequenoe, one honourable member of the Assembly at least) is clearly of opinion that, the House has no legal right to sit since the adjournment nn Thursday. Our contemporary commences by saying— :, ? : -'?? ,.': ;-?-.'? '?The House of Assembly nearly committed suicide on Thursday. Indeed the House of Assembly did commit suicide, but was foitunately galvanized into life again by a dexterous effort on the part of the Speaker. We have all heard of the resuscitation of persons sappored to be drowned, and of tbe recovery of persons after being hanged (and who, as bora to be hanged, couldn't be drowned); we havo also heard of the Egyptian mummy who was suddenly electrified into life by some mysterious process at a meeting of the Philosophic a Society. To these memorable instances of the rekindling of the vital spark after It had fled must now be added that of the rekindled firu v\k\ were tuffexti to die out upon the altar of the colonial St. Stephens.' . What is this but a metaphorical mode of affirming that the Speaker did 'that which in law it is utterly impossible he could havt done? . But ' the affirmation is repeated in various forms throughout the article, and the fact of tho definite termination of . the session is even more directly Btated. We will make another extract, calling attention to the parti cular expressions which most strongly Bupport our case by printing them in italics :— u The Spta'-.er took the chair, and bestowed occasional glances at the four or fivo members who were sca'cd before htm. A bell was then rung to summon tbe loiterers, and a few answered to the call; stlU there wes no quorum, and after waiting tbe appointed time ths Speaker declared the House adjourned (111 1 o'clock next day, and immediately U/t the chair, followed Jy mod of tie hon. nemleri then pretent, and by the reporters of the press, who quitted the gallery Immediately on the adjournment leing declared. 'And now arose tho difficulty. Tbe usual formality of moving 'that tha Houf eat its ri»lng do adjourn till — ' the next or to-ee fature day, bad brou omitted, and, consequently, the Howe of Jtaemblg vat Ugally defasetl Invested with the power of adjourning its sittings from one day to another, tho Legislature has no power of calling itself together if ence separated other than by adjournment. The Assembly h»d cleatly givtn tho catp da $race—\tiA thujjltd off the mortal coil ofthi tettiox at Its very outset, and had become really noihiug more than ike ghott of a Parliament. . ' But the Speaker— to whom tho Boyal Human' Society should award its gold medal— by a few judicious puses galvanized the dead but not cold body Into life. The hon. gentleman took the chair again-a proceeding which. had the same- effect upon those members b'.Hi lingering in the precincts of tho chamber as tho retro 'gresslon of the sun would have upon tbe animal creation —supposing that orb to wheel round tho chariot or day immediately after having driven it into tho domain of night. ? The Speaker is in the chair ;' hon. mcmbJrs could not undo stand it; one after another ran to see the sight; a 'House' was thus formed, and business was entered upon, grtatly to the tcandal cf the Standing Orden, and, os events pruved, much to the diBoaralUuro of .tho Commissioner of Pabllo Works. Tho defunct Antnblj being revivified, tbe first act was to achieve a defeat oi the Government.' On the case as thus stated bya our contem porary we maintain that the resumption of the chair .by the Speaker was just as completely a constitutional impossibility as /the imagined ' retrogression of tho sun ' would be a physical impossibility. In point of fact tho chair was taken, not by the Speaker, but by plain Mr. Kingston,- and tho gentlemen who 'ran to see the sight' had no more legal authority to form 'a IJouse' than the juvenile party of bell ringers to whom we have suggested that a specific) Parliamentary function 3hould be entrusted. These are indisputable facts, if the views enunciated by our contemporary are correct. And we again say, that a member of the Assembly, holding those views, occupies a curious position in sitting and. voting, os though the Assembly had not become ' legally defunct,' without taking somo steps to relieve his procedure from all possible ambiguity. It is -true that our contemporary refers to the unringing bell in vindication of the Speaker's action; but he expressly Etatss that that 'pretty story', is 'not quite satis factory.' - Still 'we must confess that 'the bell, the bell',' offers tbe only conceivable mode of getting out of the difficulty. That bell,-. -we trust, will not haunt Mr. Speaker in his dreams as a certain other bell perpetually invaded the peace of mind of another eminent character — Mr. Budge, senior. Indeed, the recollections of tho two personages must necessarily be widely different in cha racter; for tbe one told of black midnight murder, while the other speaks of an act of resurrection and Balvation. The Bed-Cross Knight, of pious memory, demanded that— ' Tbe mats should be sung, The bells should be rung, And the feast eat merrille, merrille,' The House of Assembly, alas! are quite wil ling to dispense with the first-mentioned cere mony ; while then* too ardent devotion to the last caused the catastrophe of Thursday. But their agreement with the valiant crusader in the seqpnd demand may possibly redeem them from an ignominious fate. By the 34th Standing Order it is required that 'the doors of the House shall be unlocked whenever the Speaker is engaged in counting the House, and tJie lells shall le rung as in a division.' The bells were not rung, and therefore it may be held that the Speaker had no power to declare that there was ' no House.' If he had no authority to declare the adjournment, of course the ad journment was illegal ; in fact there was no adjournment. The argument, we fear, will not bear examination j but it is the beat that has been nffcrnH. 