C|e ^Hstralran Unrne Corapattion, AND BAND OF HOPE JOURNAL. ? OUR GAOLS.-CRIME AND ITS PUNISHMENT. PERHAPS from no place more than where our journal is issued, will the sub ject of crime and punishment strike more horror to the human heart. The huge pillars of stone, frowning in the vast fabrics for the reception of frail humanity, stare us in the face; and, while we daily witness the ingress and egress of so many subjects-victims to our laws, dupes to our customs, and slaves to our habits-perhaps we ought to have excited in us more pity for their sins, than blame. If any man will examine, with quiet earnestness, into the mysteries of our social state, he will pass through a stage of self-enquiry and self-education, to which before he was a stranger. Let him but look upon the contrast between conventional frauds and the less deceptive invasion of the laws, and he will find so narrow a line drawn between them that little or no difference exists, but under the various positions and altered circumstances that have encouraged the one and provoked the other. While we see numbers of our fellow-creatures, victims of circumstances over which they have no control, from being either contaminated in their earliest infancy by the bad examples of their parents, their intellects extinguished, in proportion to the early stifling of conscience in its most puerile growth, we ought to wonder more that our gaols are not yet further crammed with vice. If an infant, cradled in ignominy-whose schoolmaster is a felon, whose academy is the house of correction, who lives in an atmoephere of which virtue forms no component part, and where no religious sentiment can be found should become a less responsible being than a beast of the forest, what room have the more intelligent and better trained to find fault ? Notwithstanding the philanthropy of a Howard, or the sacrifices of a Sarah Martin, there is much left undone in the reformation of prison discipline. Still more is there to do in the purging of the penal code, the mockeries of trial by jury-where the poverty or affluence of prisoners can purchase a defence-the hearing of impenetrable evidence from biased witnesses, the bought attendance of some, the bribed absence of others; the true or mistaken reading and expounding of the law, and the partial or impartial decision of the judge, which may or may not magnify or lessen a crime from misdemeanor to manslaughter or murder, a petty theft to wholesale larceny, or the possession of property under peculiarly aggravating circumstances or almost irresistable temptation. Perhaps in no time since the dawn of creation has there been so visible a desire, and so earnest an attempt, to reform the general state of society as in the present age. Schools of every denomination are rearing their heads; missionary and other charitable societies are fast spreading to every corner of the earth; hos pitals for the sick and infirm, asylums for the poor and needy, are founded with unscrupulous generosity ; yet, despite of all these, crime, in proportion to population, does not visibly decrease. Governments have risen and passed away, moralists have cautioned, philanthropists have toiled, and yet there remain in the human family the demoralising incubus of crime, under varying circumstances-differing constitutions-and opposing propensities of the heart and vitiated brain. No laws yet contrived seem to reform criminals; they simply deter offenders. Indeed, so subtle is man, that make what laws we may, the man who lives secretly and cautiously within the pale of them, may be equally as wicked as the man who is caught infringing them. Governments only form certain regulations for the security, the peace, and the order of the state; which frequently, by accident, may punish those who invade them, while others escape, and leave altogether unquestioned the vast majority who appear to respect them ; but who in fact, as parents, are the fre quent makers of criminals, both from precept and example. How common it is for children, from their very earliest infancy, to be fright ened by ignorant persons into obedience with lying threats of coming but non existing apparitions (ghosts, black men, and such like); how frequently are they enticed to school for a trifling gift -never forthcoming, but by promise ; and in mofe riper years, how is the youth taught the tricks of trade, the boast of the counter, the quackeries of physic, the cheating in dealing-from a fancy rabbit to a horse, a house or an estate-the craft of the lawyer, the deceptions of the more maturing passions, the false attractions for marriage- by figure, form, and wealth-the vanity and costliness of dress, following them even in pompous instead of the more humble attire to the house of worship, the hypo crisy of friends, and the deceit of designing villains and knaves who live on them as prey. Among all these, from the cradle to the grave, is man continually wandering. It is no wonder then that so vast a number fall in their career. But having once fallen, the chance for reform, whenever desired by the peni tent, is not so sure nor so easy as it might be. The first conviction-no matter how trivial the offonce, no matter how pal liated by extenuating circumstances for which the law does not provide, and which is often impossible to establish-the unfortunate delinquent, too frequently, has only then commenced his career of evil. He is mercilessly driven from society, his friends, and his home, to go-where ? The prison and its discip line, with its vile associates, receive him as an offender; and they keep him so. So long as men are huddled together like so many sheep in a pen, without distinction of class, age, or degrees of guilt, so much more are they likely to follow from slight contagion to incurable disease. Such evils might be, in a great degree, remedied by locating all prisoners in separate cells. On their first arrest, and until they take their trial, care should be exercised that the slightly tainted should not be mixed with the hardened offender. All symptoms of penitence should not simply be watched, but encouraged by every possible kindness. Every prisoner should have more frequent visits from the chaplain than the turnkey or gaoler. While the body is secured, the soul should be more cared for. Even after trial, conviction, and sentence, discrimination should be used in associating prisoners. In no instance should mors than two be allowed to work together. Opportunities should be given them, when fheir daily task is completed, to avail themselves of good reading, for the improvement of the mind, and the softening of the heart, which otherwise with time become hardened and callous^ and thoroughly unsusceptible of all the more refined feelings of our nature. Nor should philanthropy rest here. On release from the monotonous life and rigid discipline of a prison, the cold reception of outraged parents, heartless relations, and truthless friends, should abate. The hearts should relent and forgive; their embrace should welcome, their voice should encourage the onca lost wanderer to return to the path of rectitude and honor, and cheer him yet 011 to a useful life, and re-establish him a good member of society. Let all ever bear in mind that to Forget and forgive is a lesson worth more Than all that is taught by the sages of yore. Forgive, that forgiveness to maij be it shown, Perchance ye may yet have to claim for your own. For is it not better with favor to scan, Than condemn all the foibles belonging to man? If the world doth thee wrong, revenge it not yet; For man is thy brother- Forgive and forget. For man is thy brother-Forgive and forgpfc, Forgive and forg«t: the learning of years Hath left the same follies, the same hopes and fears. The passions still hold the same sway o'er the breast; Care hath the same aspect, and joy the same zest. This time-honor'd maxim hath come down from age, Shedding heavenly light o'er the moralist's page. If the world doth thee wrong, revenge it not yet. For man is thy brother-Forgive and forget 1 For man is thy brother-Forgive and forget! 