. VARIETIES. It is not the quality of the meat, but the cheerful ness of the guests, whioh makes tho feast. JSnnui is the ghost of murdered Time, and haunts the murderers. The Funambulist who tried to balanoe the North J olo, got seriourly out by the axes of the earth. The man that ill treats and abuses his own wife, oan only be oompairod to a mainiao why bites and knaws his own flesh — Balzac. Suooess rides on every hour; grapple it and yon may win; but without a grapple it will never go with you. Every man is born to searoh for truth, and to make freo his nature from oonfusion and doubt. A Safe Conclusion. — When two women quarrel, you may be sure that one of them is in error, at least. The great seoret of happiness is to havo some object ooustantly in pursuit oi whioh the heart and coasoi- once oan approve and to be steadily advancing towards its attainment. We may disoipline the musolosof thefaoe, and may control tbe voioe but there iB something in the eye beyond the will, whiob frequently gives the tongue the lio direct. Comparative Anatomy.— You may be better than others, but that doesn't mean to say that you aro worth muoh. Whereever is love or loyalty, great purposes and lofty souls, even though in a hovel or a mine, there is fairyland. A Double Merit.— There aro some men who are equally idle in doing themselves nnv eroori. R9 in Hnin or aoy good to others.- To have gold is to be in fear j to want it is to be in sorrow. Affectation.— The natural made unnatural. The oarioature of nature. No man is so insignificant as to be sure his example oan do no harm. -A lie should bo trampled on and extinguished wherever.found. I am far-fumigating the atmosnhnm roprosoat aud govern tho two most important olassos of society, lnat nation is tho most prosperous whioh most praotioally protects and supports these two great divisions of the army of oiviliza.tion. Life may be merry, as wqll a3 useful. Every per- Claugh owns a mouth has always a good opening for Religion and medioiho are not responsible for the faults and mitsakes of their dootors. Ho only is independent who oan maintain himself by bis own exertions. Pedagoguo to pupil— 'Is there any way you oan ouange father into uno'e in English?' 'I don't think of any, replied young hopeful, 'unless you oaa sat him to marry aunt.' Out of Repaie.— A fop, who had just returned from a continental tour, was asked how ho liked the ruins of Pompeii? 'Not very well,' was the reply- thoy are so dreadfully out of repair.' Distance lends Enchantment.— We run the risk of experiencing the greatest disgust if we observe two olosely how government, justice, and oookerv are managed. - J Jones: 'Mr. Smith, 1 wish to speaktoyou private- 'y- I.a.rL-it me to take yon apsrt for a few moments.' —Smith (who is nt the least frightened) : 'Certainly, sir, if yon'll promise to pat mo together again.' A Child's Thought.— A little girl one night was under the starry sky, intently meditating upon the glories of the heavens. At last, looking np to the sky, sho said, ' Father, I have been thinking if the wrong sido of heaven is so beautiful, what will the right side bo !' Two Bishops.— Tho Bishop of Riez thanked the Bishop of Lisieux for having oonseorated him. ' It is for me,' said the latter, ' to thank you, I was the ugliest bishop before you woro appointed.' Lisping Sweetness. — Conversing one day with a fashionable aud pretty belle, tho fauetious Mr. Sprigga observed that ' Ladies that lisped wished to bo kissed.' The young lady had before spoken unaffectedly, but now replied, "i'ho I've heard thay.' Tobacco.— An Amorioan paporsays:— 'It is stated that the Rev. George Erask, of Fitohburg, leotured so powerfully in Webster, a few days ago, against the use of tobaoco, that several of his audionoe went home and burned their oigars— holding one end of them in their mouths.' . A gentleman on cirouit, narrating to the late facti tious Lord Norbury some extravagant feat in sport, mentionod that he lately shot thirty- three haras be- lore Dream use. xnirty-tnres Hares ! (exclaimed his lordship) : Zsuuds, sir! you must have been firing at a wig!' , I wish you had been Eve,' said au urohiu to a stinsy old aunt, proverbial for her meanness. - ' Why so ?' '" BeoauBe,' said he, ' you would have eaten all thB apple, instead of dividing it with Adam.' Half and Half,— A boy complained of his bro ther for taking half of tho bsd. 'And why not?' said his mother ho is entitled to half isn't he?'— 'Yes, ma'am,' said tbe boy;- 'but how should you like to haro him take out all tho soft for his half? He will have his half out of the middle, and I havo to sleep on both sides of him.' A Keen Hepboof.— Did our readers ever hear of tho dry bon-mot of Talloyranil, whioh so took tho conceit out of ayoung coxcomb at soma table injParis where he ohanoed to be dining. ' My mother,' said the dandy, 'was renowned for hor beauty. She was certainly the handsomest woman I have ever soen.' 'Ah !' exclaimed Talleyraud, looking bim through and' 'taking his measure,' at once, 'it was your father then, who was not good looking !' Bad temper is of tenor tho result of unhappy oir- oumstanocs tban of au unhappy organization ; it fre quently, however, has a physical oause, a peevish child often needs dieting mors tliau earruoting. What is fashion ? A beautiful envelope for mor tality, presenting a beautiful and polished exterior, tbe sppearanoe of whioh gives no certain indioation of tho real value of what is oontained therein. Very intelleotual women we find by observation are seldom beautiful. Tho formation of their foaturos and particularly their forehead, is mora or less mac- oulino. Miss London was rathor fominine about the face, but Miss Sedgwiok, Miss l'ardoo. Miss Leslie, >nd the celebrated late Anna Maria and Jano Porter the oontrary. Old Tato Wilkinson, ' tho Wandering Patantoe,' yielded to tho solicitation of frionds and permitted a young lady to mako her ilcbut, who had the mortifi- dation of being hissod oil". The manager rushed be fore the ourtain, addressing the audience, with this brief question ' Ladies aud gentlemen, don't you like her?' 'No !' was the reply from all parts of the house. ' Neither do I,' added the eooeatric manager and disappeared amid roars of laughter. 