PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL.-The purely legitimate entertainments occasionally given at this theatre are, in spite of the indifference evinced by many who are looked upon as leaders in matters of taste, exceedingly suc cessful. On Friday Mr Warner played Samlet to an apparently highly discrimina tive and numerous audience. We have pre viously expressed our high opinion of this gentleman's representation of the character, and have only uow to say that his best points were well appreciated, and many instances thus occurred when only delicate perceptions could have realised the fineness of the acting. Mr Hoskins performed the Ghost with that great elocutionary power we have now learned to associate with hil Shakespearian performances. Mr Leslie played Polonius fairly, and Mrs Ray sustained the unsuitable part of Ophelia with great judgment, while Miss Clifford evinced much sense in her re presentation of Gertrude. On Saturday Massinger's "A New Way to Pay Old Debts" was produced for the first time. Mr Warner played Sir Giles Overreach, but though the representation called forth his rarest powers, and exhibited consummate judg ment and knowledge of his profession, he failed to realise to bis audience the stony hearted, grasping, impetuous bad man Sir Giles eminently was. The character is with out even the suspicion of a redeeming quality, but Mr Warner could never look and act a villain so complete. Mr Hoskins' Wellborn was far more successful, though not well dressed, in the last two acts, Mr Leslie played Marrall capitally, and|his excellence was fully equalled by Mr Bruton as Justice Greedy, who fully bore out the description given of him in the first act by Furnace. Mr Hooper as Lord Lovel, Mr O'Brien as All worth, and Tapwell by Mr Ray, performed very creditably. The lady- characters were not particularly excellently represented, ex cept that of Margaret by Mrs Ray. For a first representation we have never witnessed a better performance at the Royal, and the applause of the crowded audience was fre quent. For the last few evenings, three of the best scenes of the burlesque of the " Fair One with the Golden Locks" have been played with much effect, and Miss Harland's return to these boards hailed with satisfaction. This evening the spectacular burlesque of " Lalla Rookh" will be produced with a cast which includes Miss Harland, and the regular \ company. We will only now state that the new scenery, dresses, and properties, are ot the¡moetgorgeous and effective kind. Nothing on Ballarat has ever exceeded the prepara tions made for the piece, which we liar« no doubt will make the performance one of the most eocccssfal Ballarat has yet seen. The story appears to be compounded of all those tales which Moore has made Feramorz tell so exquisitely to the travelling princess in his poem of "Lalla Rookh." The music has been expressly arranged by Messrs Linly Norman and King, than wham it wonld be : difficult to find others belter fitted to the task. It will be followed by the comedy of " Still Waters run Deep." STAR CONCERT HALL,.-Mrs Douglas com pletes her great feat this evening, at about ten o'clock. She has been steadily walking on through good and evil report, and deserves, if ever woman did for such an achievement, . substantial reward for her exertions. The accomplishment of the 1000 miles will doubt less attract a huge crowd of spectators. THE CRITERION CONCERT HALL..-This is now the only place of amusement open at this end of the town, and on Saturday night last it was filled to overflowing. No change has taken place in the company, and Mr and Mrs Newman and Messrs Percival and Piper still continue to amuse such as tike to spend an evening at this pleasant concert room. Mr Newman's powers as a comic singer have an established reputation, and Mrs Newman is a very pleasant vocalist, so that the audience pass from the serions to the comic j by such pleasant gradation that all are amused and gratified, and none are wearied. j LEXTON.-Impounded at Lexton, 17th June, by G. Beggs, Eso,., trespass 9d each Chesnut mare, «addle marked, bang tail, LB near shoulder; chesnut colt, progeny, JV near shoulder. On 18th, by Messrs Robert son & Sons, trespass 9d each-Bay horse, star, heavily saddle marked, sumngale on, BT off shoulder ; bay horse, Marie points, scar with white hairs between two last ribs near aide, JP off neck; black horse, enlarge ment near fore leg,-C off -shoulder. Ii not claimed andexpensas paid, tobe sold on 28th inly.-/, -Warren White, Poundkeeper, DEATH FROM THE FALLING OF A SLAB IN A SHAFT.-An inquest was tdd on Saturday bust, 16th instant; by Dr Glendinning at the Gum Tree Flat, Chalk Hills, Buninyong, on the body of a Chinaman named Yat Chung, whose death took place on the day previous. Ah Nin and Chock Guin, two mates of the decwsed, Were examined, ami deposed to the foUowing.-the deceased was -emiting the shaft, which is about 60 feet in depth, and between three and fimr o'clock called ont to the witnesses, who were ott the top, for some slabs to be sent down to him; Chock Guin then put a slab in the bucket without lashing the upper end of it to the rope, and the consequence was that the bucket capsized, and the slab fell down the shaft on the head of deceased. He called ont once, and Ah Nin went down and mond him lying on his side and speechless. The skull was severely fractured, and in spite of Dr Rankin's atten tion the deceased expired (he same night. Verdict-Accidental Death. 