STRAY LEAVES FROM THE PORTFOLIO OF A LITERARY HACK. KISSED BY A GHOST. A WRITER in a late number of the National Review says "that there exists in the human mind a sort of nebu- lous district, inhabited by the things we are not sure of, and whioh we are content enough to see no present hope of determining." We believe that every thinker will admit the correctness of the reviewer's opinion. His language aptly expresses the condition of most minds, or, at least, of most thinking minds, with respect to a very wide range of philosophical and social ques- tions. There are many doctrines in theology, many phenomena in nature, many things in science, many speculations in mental philosophy, which must ever remain obscure, and, in many instances, inca- pable of solution. This statement is peculiarly applicable to the phenomena which occupy that nebulous strip of border land that lies between the worlds of mat- ter and spirit. That dusky region forms the native home of ghosts, apparitions, spectral illusions, and other obscure and impalpable realities. There flourishes in boundless profusion all the marvels of witchcraft and divination, along with all the wonders of mesmerism, psychometry, clairvoyance, second sight, electro- biology, and modern spiritualism. Many of the phenomena which these generic terms are employed to indicate are incapable of being reduced under the dominion of any known general laws, and consequently are regarded as mysterious and inexplicable. Science has scarcely at- tempted to account for them. Scientific men have been too busily engaged in examining and classifying the tangible phenomena of the material world to devote themselves to the investigation of things which in all cases are recondite, and in many illusory. Our savans have found that they can obtain definite results by examining the material side of nature, and that they cannot obtain such results by examining the immaterial side. And hence they make the examination of the former the business of their lives, and abandon the ex- amination of the latter as out of their province. And they are right. The action of the mind while engaged in the elaboration of thought, and the influence which the mind exerts over the bodily system, are much more obscure and difficult of analysis, than phenomena of a purely-physical character. The latter can be examined chemically, mathematically, microscopically, and in various other ways; but the former will not admit of the application of any material tests whatever. Thought cannot be measured by a Gunther's rule, nor can the intensity of emotion be guaged by a dyanometer. Of all the wonders of modern wonderdom none are considered more wonderful than those produced by and through the instrumentality of spirit mediums, that is, persons who are supposed to be under the special influ ence of spiritual beings. At the present-time there are thousands of such mediums in both Europe and Ame rica, all of whom profess themselves able to hold inter course with the world beyond the grave by means of spi ritual agency. Through the hands, or tongues, or intel lects of these mediums the spirits of departed men and women are supposed to speak to the living, and convey to them messages of affection, as well as of instruc tion in various matters pertaining to human wel fare. But before we proceed any farther with the subject it is in some measure necessary that we should describe the machinery and explain the terminology of spiritualism. A circle consists of a number of persons, both male and female, sitting around a table waiting to be instructed by revelations from the spiritual world. A medium is, as we have already stated, a person who professes to be at certain times under the influence of one or more spiritual beings. A seeing medium is a person who sees visions, and who is supposed to be instructed by them. A rapping medium is one who holds intercourse with spirits by means of raps supposed to be made upon a table by spirits themselves. The rappings are supposed to constitute a sort of telegraphic communication between tbe spirits in the flesh and those out of it. The process which is usually gone through in order to hear the rap pings is simply that of sitting at a table. It is said that the rappings are rendered intelligible by means of an alphabet, comprising all our letters and numerals. The circle having assembled, and one or more raps having been heard, the medium begins to run his or her finger along the line of letters, commencing at A and proceeding onwards to Z. Sometimes the medium merely pronounces the letters aloud. When the finger of the medium rests on the first letter in the first word of tbe expected communication, or when that letter is pronounced by the medium, a rap is heard on the table, and the letter is then written down, and the process re peated, until all the elements of the expected revelation are obtained. In this way distinct and intelligible answers to intelligible questions are said to be received from the world beyond the grave. A medium for physical manifestations is a person whose presence in the circle insures physical manifestations. 'These consist generally of rappings, poundings on the floor and walls, dancing and moving furniture, along with a part of analogous, abnormal and puck-like tricks. Writing mediums are persons through whose hands spirits are supposed to write communications. When the affiatus seizes a writing medium, the muscles, by the action of which writing is effected become spasmodi- cally acted on, the arm and hand make a few flourishes in the air, and then the hand descends to the table and writes out the supposed communication. In addition to these there are mediums who improvise melodies and musical pieces, and also pictorial mediums who draw flowers and pictures under spiritual direction, along with a host of other mediums which we must describe in mercantile phraseology as too numerous to par- ticularise. Can we then hold intercourse with the spiritual world? Has the great gulf which separate this life from the next been completely bridged over? Are we surrounded by viewless beings who watcb over us, and with an affection as deathless as their own life, and who are constantly endeavouring to benefit us by silent and admonitory prompting? Is it a fact that unearthly beings have re-visited the glimpses of the moon and made night beautiful with their glorious pre sence ? These are questions to which no full and satis factory answer can be given, but which, nevertheless, are supposed to be answered in the affirmative by the alleged phenomena of spiritualism. Feeling extremely anxious to test the truth of these phenomena, we some months ago began a course of experiments upon ourselves, under the impression that if spirits had operated upon one organism, they were just as likely to operate upon another, and consequently as likely to manifest their presence to ourselves as to people in America or elsewhere. The phenomena we elicitod were certainly very curious, and perhaps inex- plicable, but nevertheless not sufficiently definite to throw much light upon the strange hypothesis of the spiritualists. At the first sitting I (for I must drop the magniloquent we,) was impressed, or rather seemed to be impressed, by some strange external influence. After sitting for some time, my arm became affected with spasm, and rising slowly from the table, began to per- form strange spiral flourishes in the air, after which it descended to the table, and then the hand began to write out a series of communications similar to the following : " I am thy father (here the name of my father was written); I am in the second sphere." A number of mental questions were then asked, to which distinct answers were written out, and the sitting was at an end. I confess that this supposed interview with a spirit startled me considerably and stimulated me to prosecute my experiments with renewed vigour. I continued, therefore, whenever a suitable opportunity presented it self to wait for the affilatus. I soon discovered that the supposed influence was capable of afflicting different muscles of the body, and that it did so nearly always in the same manner. The spasms were rather agreeable than otherwise, and even when at their greatest intensity were never painful. The sensation was very similar to that of yawning, but was muoch more intense. Some- times it was so very peouliar as to render it almost im- possible for me to believe that it arose out of myself. Several other facts presented themselves to my notice in connection with this convulsive writing. I found that my mind had perfect control over the spasm. I could originate them whenever I pleased ; I could stop them whenever I liked. I found also that all the supposed communications writ- ten ont by my hand were merely the expression of my own thoughts. The thought would first enter the mind, and then the hand would reduce the thought to writing. These facts, and many cognate, ones which I observed, and which occurred uniformly at every sitting, convinced me in the end that I was impressing myself, and that the spasms, instead of being produced by an external agent, were produced by the abnominal action of my own mind on the muscles of the system. It is needless to detail all the experiments which I instituted with a view of deciding this point. One or two classes of them may, however, be mentioned. I often purposely allowed my fancy to wonder without control or hindrance, and invariably found that the ideas which rose in the mind-however gross, fantastic, irre- gular, vulgar, pious, or wicked, they might be, were always written by the hand, and that no ideas were ever written excepting those which had pre- viously entered the mind. Those facts go far towards explaining one class of supposod spiritual manifesta- tions-viz., those given through thewriting mediums. The phenomena produced in my case were precisely analogous to those produced in others, and hence the hypothesis which explains the one will serve to explain the other. If it be assumed that I was under the in fluence of a spirit at the time my hand and arm were in a state of spasm, it must also be assumed that the spirits obtrude all sorts of mental rubbish on the mind, and then cause the hand to record it, and that they either are ever on the watch to act imperceptibly in conjunction with human volition, or else that they prompt volition, and then act in conjunction with it. Both these suppositions are very far fetched, and seem as if purposely invented to support a theory. My own consciousness points to a very different explanation. The phenomena which were produced in my own person lead me to suppose that the mind can act on the muscles in several ways, or at least that it has two modes of acting on them. The first of these is the ordinary one, which scarcely admits of description, and still less of explanation, but which, nevertheless, is familiar to every one; and the second is an abnormal mode, quite different from the ordinary one, and which often tends to counteract the influence of normal volition. It is the abnormal action of the mind that produces spasm, and it is the normal action that controls that spasm. To the abnor mal action of the volitionary influence, complicated perhaps with other causes, I attribute most of the phe nomena of chorea, catalepsy, and electro-biology. The cause and cure of that class of diseases which phrenolo gists term "feigned," ought to be looked for in the same direction. It is just possible that this print may be of use to the physician, and may lead him to apply mental remedies to particular cases in lieu of the common and useless prescriptions of the pharmacopoed. I have now to describe some very curious phenomenal that were produoed at one of my sittings, and which I confess myself unable to explain either to my own satisfaction, or to that of others. But in order that the philosophical reader may be in a position to form a judgment on these phenomena, it is necessary that I should make him acquainted with the following facts. I am a literary hack. I am editor, reporter, and general literary factotum to a country newspaper. I have an immense amount of literary work to do in the course of a week. I have leading articles to write, meetings to report, news to prepare for the press, para graphs of all sorts to manufacture, and a vast quantity of miscellaneous business to transact. It is needless to say that this constant action of the mind is excessively fatiguing to the body, and predisposes the brain to ab normal action. On Friday nights I have to sit up, writing, reading proofs, and transacting other business connected with the publication of the paper on the subsequent Saturday morning; and hence, in the latter end of every week I have to labour for about twenty- four hours continu ously. As I am a large powerful man, endowed with a strong constitution (which I have never abused), and withall in a state of excellent bodily health, the labour I have mentioned takes but little effect upon me. I think it necessary, however, to mention all these facts in order that the philosophical reader may make due allowance for the influence of such prolonged mental and bodily exertion on the brain and nervous system. The spiri tual seance which I am about to describe occurred on Saturday, after the conclusion of my weekly laborers, and at a time when I was very much fatigued. No sooner had I sat down to the table than my hand became more powerfully affected than it had ever been before, and after performing many flourishes in the air, settled down on the table, and began to write out a series of communications. My conscious ness seemingly indicated the presence of an external agent who seemed to begin close communication with my own mind, and who appeared to force on my thoughts answers to my queries, and thus to cause my hand to write these answers out. The questions were proposed by me, sometimes vocally and sometimes mentally, and were answered in the usual way by the hand. The spasms were unusually violent, but not disagreeably so. Indeed the sensation produced by them was rather pleasant than painful. Occasionally a cold shiver would run down my back, and a sort of half faintness steal over me as the consciousness that I was in close proximity to a ghostly visitor forced itself upon my mind. I was determined, however, to persevere, and therefore pre pared question after question, to all of which I received distinct and intelligible answers. I was told that Dr. M'Cartney, of West Maitland, was then at a place the name of which I forgot, that Miss -- had been to a party on the previous evening, and had played a duet on the piano with a person whose name was mentioned, and that she was then very sorrowful and had been so owing to the same cause on many previous occasions. I received many communications of this sort, but not feeling satisfied with any of them I thought I would put the supposed spirit on his or her mettle, by testing his knowledge of language. Give me, I said aloud, a proof of your existence, by writing through my hand a word which I have never seen nor heard, and the meaning which I do not know, but which shall nevertheless be a word in some language and have a specific meaning. No sooner had I uttered this challenge, than something seemed to say to me "I will," and straightway the hand became affected with spasm, and slowly wrote out the word " ABSOCHIN." At the moment, and for sometime afterwards, I regarded this word as gibberish which had occurred to my mind at the time, and had been written out in obedience to abnormal volition, but I subsequently ascertained that it is a real word and has a great variety of meanings. Absochin in Hebrew means a sorcerer cell, divinely called, inspired by a spirit, and has also other meanings ; whilst Absochin in chaldee denotes a father's dwelling place. I am not acquainted with these languages myself, and therefore make this statement upon the authority of others. I have no recollection of having ever seen or heard the word previously to the time I wrote it on the paper. Immediately after the experiment I inquired where shall I go to in order that I may be prosperous in life? The answer which was obtruded on the mind was GEE LONG. The hand had just began to write the word Geelong on the paper when the following mental collo- quy look place :- MYSELF-Give me a proof of your existence, by forc ing me to write this word against my will. Ans.-I will. MYSELF-I will resist you with all my might. ANS.-I will make you write it. MYSELF-You shall not. ANS.-I will. I will force you. My whole body then became violently affected; all my muscles were thrown into a state of spasmodic action. My right arm was forced upwards into the air, and then forced down upon the paper. My fingers and thumb were drawn inwards, and my whole hand in this bent state moved over the paper and slowly finished the writing of the word Geelong. So violent were my efforts to resist that my feet went saw fashion under the table, but all in vain, as I was forced to write the word. I confess, I was startled. I did not think much of the word absochin, because I did not know that it was a word at the time I wrote it, but being forced to do a thing which I had determined not to do, and that too at my own request, was quite enough to occasion surprise and even terror in the breast of any man of ordinary nerve and firmness. It was broad daylight, however, and there was no chance of the candle burning blue-so whatever agitation I felt soon sub- sided. Shortly after the effect of this spiritual violence had passed away, I said aloud, give me a vision, menning at the time that the vision should be a further proof of the existence of the being that was dealing with me. I had no sooner uttered the words than I felt as if I something touched the hair of my head-the sensation being closely akin to that of the Aura which is felt in some diseases. I said to my wife, who was in the room with me, make a few mesmeric passes over my head, but I do not know what prompted me to ask her to do this ; she made the passes, however, and they produced a very marked effect. My whole body seemed to be inflated but not as if with wind, while even my fingers stood away from each other like the hairs on an elec trical " fright." I had not the slightest particle of fear, nor was I asleep, nor even dozing at the time ; but, on the contrary, I was talking now and then to my wife, mentally watching all that was transpiring in myself, and filled with intense curiosity. No sooner had my wife finished making the passes, than something apparently said to me " you now see through the mag netic medium," and at that moment the figure of a woman entered the room through a door which was op posite the table at which I was sitting, and after stand- ing a moment in the doorway looking steadfastly at me, she moved quite in a natural way across the room, round a table, and coming close up to me, sat down on my knee, and kissed me several times. It was the ap- parent sight of this woman which first suggested the thought of her. Had I been thinking of her previously, I would have said that it was the thought of her which had occasioned the vision. I knew her the moment I saw her. I had known her in the early part of my life, and then she had been pleased to regard me with that sweet passion which is common to youthful hearts, and which only youthful hearts can fool. Circumstances separated us, and we never met again. I thought she looked older and more womanly than when I had seen her last. I felt conscious that she was dead the moment I saw her, but still was not in the slightest degree alarmed. I noticed par- ticularly the skin of her face, throat, and neck. It did not soom luminous, but was nevertheless different from the skin of a living person. I thought her whole per son was conposed of some sort of highly etherialised matter. The drapery surrounding her person was flowing and cloudlike. I thought, too she spoke, to my mind, and that the following colloquy took place be tween us- How long have you been in the spheres ? Seventeen years. Where did you die ? Mr. G -, in Yorkshire. (That was the place where she had lived). What did you die of ? Bronchitis. Where are your father and mother? In the sphereB. Are they together? No ; my father is in one sphere, and my mother in an- other. Some further conversation occured, and then the vision gradually faded away from my sight. I then went up stairs and lay down in bed; but had no sooner done so than the visual appearance came again. This time she looked much dimmer and more cloudlike than on the previous occasion. She took hold of my hand and pressed it warmly in her own, and then said to me, " You will die in about fifteen years from this date ; I will be with you at the moment of death-farewell." Gradually the figure of this woman faded from my view. A wide street seemed opened before me; along which she seemed to glide. The street was lined with irregularly-built houses on either side, and seemed clothed with an unearthly beauty. A brilliant yet soft mellow light, such as is seen in dreams only illuminated the buildings. I saw the figure of my ghostly visitor-glide into a house, and sit down on a superb chair, which stood in the middle of an apartment. A moment or two after she had sat down, I saw a gorgeously ornamented harp spring up before her and I thought she began to play on it, but I heard no musical sounds whatever. The vision then gradually faded from my sight as sleep overpowered my senses. When I awoke, my wife paid me the compliment of say- ing, that after I had lain down in the bed, I lay for some time with my hands clasped, and seemed like a person " Raft" a conclusion at which the reader has doubtless arrived long before this. I confess, I scarcely know what to make of these phenomena. They are analogous to many of the phenomena produced in the domain of modern spiritualism, and the same hypothesis which would serve to explain the one would likewise serve to explain the other. I will not decide rashly either way, but will, rather wait for light. My story is no idle tale, written for the purpose of amusing a leisure hour, but on the contrary is a sober narrative of facts which have occurred in my own experience, and which I am sure every philosophic mind will agree with me in thinking to be exceedingly curious. The explanation of them I leave to abler hands. I believe that they are explicable upon ordinary principles, and without the supposition of any spiritual agency. They are probably traceable to the workings of the fancy, combined with retrospective mental action occurring at a time when the brain was enfeebled by loss of rest and prolonged literary labour. 