CHINA. :-RENWAL OF .THE WAR. R:EPU.lSE. OF THE BRITISH AND FRENCH FLEETS. The mail steamer Aden arrived from Shanghai yesterday afternoon, having left that port on theo 12th July. She brings advices of the defeat of the British forces at the mouth of the Peiho-a catastrophe which reflects more disgrace on H.M. arms than any thing which has happened since her accession. : Mr. Bruce arrived off the Peiho on the 18th June, where the British force had been concentrated. Some messages were exchanged between the British minister's suite and some man darins of inferior rank on shore. The tenor of those messages was to the effect that the foreign. ministers and suites wodid be received in Pekin if' they would proceed by a passage indi cated, and situated a little north of the Peiho, which river it was intieuted I foreign men-of-war must not enter. .iMr. Bruce finally declared that he would force an entrance, and leaving the matter in Admiral Hope's hands, the attempt was made on the25thJune. The following extracts will detail the lamentable result. We do not pretend to a knowledge of military matters, but we do lay claim to common sense, and we un hesitatingly record our conviction that such a series of complicated bungles is not to be found in British annals. It is a matter- of sincere congratulation that a larger force was not entrusted to Admiral Hope, it being abundantly clear that if the force he had had been doubled or trebled, the only difference I which would have resulted would have 'been the augmented ratio ýof the I casualties. A simultaneous attack by land .and a s.ea should have clearly been made' whilst the flood tide was running--the land force making a detour and attack- t ing the forts on thu land sides. Besides, the forts should have been" taken in detail-after the first should have fallen,' the rest could certainly have t Sbeen shelled. Again, the position should have been reconnoitered, as it might have been safely inferred, in such very narrow I shallow water, where so many booms had been constructed, that masked I batteries were certain to be placed. Tipperary tactics are scientifico in comparison to the mad course.pursued. The flotilla was all placed in position- 1 that is to say, the entire sea force was run into the trap which had been made and provided. After it had been destroyed or completely defeated, which occupied some hours, theland force was sent for, but the ebb tide was running so strong that they could not be brought up for some time. When they at last did come, they were landed near low water on a soft mud bank, almost in the face of these victorious batteries without any material to meet the difficulties of the case-two ditches in tervened, and the end of it was that 50 of our brave fellows reached the wall without scaling ladder or a ,ddr,,cart ridge.' Why, had the wle nos. the Royal Marines in the service-! been landed under such circumstances, what difference, we ask, could there have been in the result ? . We do-not believe one word about the superiority of the Chinese gunnery. They beheld the flotilla go into the trap- they immediately saw that their own fire was overwhelming, and China like, they became elated and worked bard at the guns there was nothing to drive them from. . Remembering how - the Russian minister dogged Lord Elgin's steps last year, bearing in mind the .intrigues he made while the Teenstun negotiations were going on-not forgetting, the accession of Chinese territory which the Russians made on the Amoor' just about that time-and seeing, moreover, that there is no Russian ambassador now dogging the steps of the British minister, or indeed near',the scene of -ation-it needs no ghost to toll us that we have been victimised' to Russian machinations. . Moreover, it is known that the Russians made one of the stipulations for the territory they filched, the payment by them to the Chinese of seven hundred cannon as if the Chinese would have made such a demand unless they had been told to doso I We do not think, there were any Russians in the fort, because our troops were assailed with gingals and arrows. but that some Ritshth'engineer planned the batteries and stoclkades,. and laid down the plan of the trap, there can be nodoubt-.Russian-guns being of course used. We presume that the United Statesi minister, will proceed to Pekin, and Swill be well received there,. when he will be used as a mediator. Doubtless Heengfung's wounded honor being now healed, his celestial mnjesty would come to tn easy settlemrstiltf i~b wotild let him have his own waiu.i'ulitight to force a passageto Teentsun is very questionable, particularlyas a safe con duet was offered our minister by another route, - and an audience proiised. :This of course would have ended in smoke, but still it forms a cesliap txt. ?" ,.- , It is a sorrowful affair, and besides the valuable .lives lost, may load to troublo and grief. The expedition should be reinforced, and anothor attack made immediately. H.M.S. - , off the Peiho, ] slet July, 1859. On the 25th of June, the negotia tions with the Chinese having come to nothing but a put off to gain :time, the admiral, with his flag flying in thle Plover, followed by the gunboats Lee, Nimrod, Cormorant, Opossum; Ban terer,' Starling, Forester, Kestrel, Janus, and Haughty, proceeded to take j up a position off the Poiho forts, ready th to attack, in case the Chinese should offer any resistance to clearing away ; the barriers. At 2 p.m., the stations c having been pretty well obtained, with the exception of Starling and Banterer, which were on shore, the former on the south and the latter on the north bank, the Plover and Opossum weighed, the latter proceeding to clear away a passage through the iron stakes which composed the first obstruction. Two of these having been drawn, tho Plover, followed by, the Opossum, passed through them, and also the second boom, which had been destroyed by the Flag Captain on the previous night. On. , arriving at the second she attempted, together with the Opossum, to break through it, but without success; almost immediately a single gun was fired at her, and directly all the masks were rolled up, and a tremendous fire was opened on the squadron, and the action became general. The Lee, by signal from Plover, passed through the stakes to the support of the admiral. The Plover and the Opossum were, however, soon obliged to slip, the fire being too heavy for them, and followed by the Lee dropped clear of the stakes at 3h. 15m. : The gunboat Plover suffered very much in killed and wounded. An officer was sent to the reserve to order up reinforcements, but the tide was too strong for the boats to attempt to pull up. The American Flag Officer very kindly offered to tow the' boats up to a position to enable them to reach the gunboats. At 4.30 the enemy's fire slackened considerably, orders were sent down to the reserve for marines and naval brigades to pre pare to land, and the Forester and Opossum, together with the Joyewan, proceeded and towed them to the Nim rod, the place of rendezvous. At an early period of the action the Admiral had been wounded on board the Plover by a splinter in the thigh, and that vessel was almost entirely disabled. He shifted his flag to the Opossum. When there he took his station on the caboose, and from thence issued his orders, until a round shot out the main stay on which he was leaning, and caused him to fall to the deck, a height ofsomo eight feet, breaking a rib and severely shaking him. After a short time he left the Opossum in the Du Chaya's gig, and, proceeded to the Cormorant, where he remained. At '5-45, the boats having assembled along side, the Nimrod pushed for the shore as near the stakes as possible, and opposite the left bastion, about 600 yards distance from it. The landing here was composed of mud about knee deep, and the greatest difficulty was experienced in getting up tihe scaling ladderi and bridges. The marines and NavalBrigade,a small portion of which had only just landed, pushed to the front, undera very heavy fire from six guns in flank and in front. The fire from the walls, of gingalls, rifle, and arrows, ?yas.also very heavy. No check had hitherto taken place, but here a ditch five feet deep and ten broad occurred, and the men, having no choice, plunged across and thereby wetted their ammunition. A party of some 50 officers and men again pushed on and crossed another wet ditch which took them within twenty yards of the wall. In the meantime Captains Shad well and Vansittart, as also Colonel Lemon having been wounded, tho.com mands devolved on Commanders Com. merrell and Major Parke. It .was aboiut nine o'clock, and darkness had set in. The position of the landing party was most precarious; 50 officers and men alone' remained in the first ditch, and about 150 in the second. Many had been killed and wounded, and with the exception of a small body 150 yards further back no reinforce ments appeared to be offering, and the men already at the front were per fectly exhausted, and without dry am munition or rifles fit for use. The officers in vain encouraged their men to charge to the walls, but it was in effectual; the men were few and done up; and oven if they had not been, they. never could have carried them against the thousands that lined the walls.. Under these circumstances the commanding, officer despatched an officer'to the rear to ask for Instruc. tions, and the senior officer sent him back immediately with orders for the force to withdraw, as no reinforcements could be sent. Directly this order was recivcd the wounded were despatched to the rear 'by twos and threes, and two hours having been given them to get to the boats, the small advanced Sparty retreated in good order from the diteb, examining the ground on their retreat for tiny wounded that might hvvo been overlooked. Many poor follows, alas I in the retreat foil to rise t' no 'moro,' but the wounded wore saved a and brought off. o .In the meantime, the loats of the I squadron, under Captain Willes, em- C ployed themselves in embarking the v wounded and landing party, and at one ti o'clock, or a little after, they wore all 1 off. The gunboats'did their duty well, u and covered the landing party up to t, the latest moment it was prudent to l fire; and shortly after, as a testimony 8 of their hard fought day, the Lee and N Kestrel sunk, and tile Haughty just ?a managed to keep herself afloat till the morning, when she wont down, but e fortunately out of range. At three ti a.m, the Cormorant, with the Admiral n on board, and full of wounded, was o so fast aground that it was con sidered:secessary to leave her, as she b wae-lrigllttunder the batteries, and at 1 daylight the enemy would doubtless r conoent'ato their fire upon her, whereas, if she were temporarily abandoned, it I wes hoped that the enemy would cease r firing on her, and the next night. wp. should be able to got her off, For the t( same reasons, the Plover and Starling, I both immovably aground, were cleared h of their crews. The morning of the r 26h sallowed our squadron in a sad d condition, hardly a gunboat but what was disabled.. However, during the day the carpenters of the squadron were employed patching them up temporarily, 1 and the 'Starling having floated, her scond master proceeded'in a dingy and I cut her cable, when she drifted out of range with the ebb. Two night at tempts weore made by Captain Willes to recover the Cormorant and Plover, but without success. The Cormorant's I ship's company having remained till 11 a.m, to endeavor to float her, a most terrific flire was opened upon her from batteries both north and south, and it soon became evident that she was sink ing. Orders wore therefore sent down to Commander .Wodehouso ordering , him to abandon her if he had no hopes. Her ship's company and officers were embarked accordingly, but not before the water was up to the lower dock, and half-an-hour afterwards she went I down head foremost. The same night a fresh attempts were' made on the Plover, but it was found impracticable, a she was full of water, and gave no hope of her being able to float. At daylight, the Kestrel-sunk on the 25th under the batteries- was observed drifting out, and having been towed by the Janus into, shoal water, was eventdally recl~ 'irod. During tllat day the enemy got on board the Plover, over the mud, and saved us the trouble t of destroying her by setting her on fire themselves, but not before a great por- a tion of stores had been recovered. The next two or three days the boats of the Chesapeake were employed destroying the abandoned vessels as much as possible. I have no time to add more, as I hear a vessel is going to. Shanghai. e Pray let me hear from you as soon as t possible. We shall in all probability remain in the Gulf till nearly the last.. t Casualties before the Peiho Forts on r the 25th of June, 1859:-t KIILED. Lieutenant Graves, R.N., Assistance, killed ob shore. Lieut. Clutterbuck, R.N., Coromandel, ditto. Lieut. Rason, R.N., Plover, killed on board. Captain M'Kenna, Royal Regiment, ditto, Plover. Mr. Herbert, midshipman, Chesapeake, killed on shore. Lent. Woolridge, R.M. Brigade, ditto; I Lieut. Inglis, R.M., Itighflyer, killed in boat. Admiral IIope, severely. Captain Vansittart, Magiclenne, loss of left leg below knee. Captain Shadwell, Hlghflyer, severe wound ofe foot, Captain Willes, Chesapeake, slightly. Colonel Lemon, R.M. Brigade, severely. Lieutenant Purves, R.N., kHigbflyer, slightly. Mr. lBurniston, master, Banterer, ditto. Mr. Armirage, mid., Cruiser, severely. Mr. Powlet, 'mid., Cambrian, severely. Mr. N. B. Smith, mate, Chesapeake, 'severely. Mr. Philips; second master, Plover, slightly. Lieut. Longley, R.E., Plover, severely. Rev, It. M. Hulest, Chaplain R.M. Bri gade, severely. Captain Masters, Chesapeake, Captain Slaulghter, R.I. Brigade. Lieutent Williams, R.M. Artillery. Lieuteuant Crawford, R.M. Artillery. Lieutenant Collier, R.M. Brigade. Lieutenant Carrlngton, R.M. Brigade. Lieutenant Smith, R.M. Brigade. Lieutenant Perceval, Fury, slightly. TOTAL KILLBD AND WOUNDED. British ..................................... 464 French, 4]klllcd and 10 wounded, including Captain Tricault (Du Chayla) wounded In the arm. Total of Marine Brigade only: .Killed. Wounded. Officers ............ 1 15 Sergeants ............ 2 '13 Buglers .............0 2 Corporals ............ 1 8 Rank and file........ 24 105 28 143 Total killed and wounded, 171.-N?orth China Herald. Since our issue of thoe 9th, the Hen. F. W7. Bruceand M.' 'do Buorboulon, the Ministers of'England and France with their suites have arrived in Shanghai, the former in the Coromandel the latter in the Du Chayla, dlagiciennew and Assistatnce arogone to an anchorage of' Chinhao' Ningpo, near Kinfang Island, where the British squadron will rendezvous, to recruit the sick and wounded. The Hesper arrived yes torday from tlie Gulf on the 8th. The Admiral in the Chesapeake was waiting until the disabled gunboats were ready to accompany him to the rendezvous. The High/yer was to leave on the 8th for Shanghai, under sail, where she will take her station again as guard ship. The Cruiser end two gunboats will remain in the'Gulf. Tle Ameri. can minister was holding communica. tion with the Chinese official at a more northern entrance to tile Peiho. It is expouted he will proceed to Peking. heo Yang-tsze arrived yesterday, bringing the mail of tile 26th May. She will leave again on Saturday morning, at daylight, from Woosung. We hope to have our next number of the North China Herald ready to transmlit by her. Iorace Rumbold, Esq., and.. Ln Comte Kleezkowski, Sec'ctaries of the British and French Legation, proceed by this mail with dispatches for their respective governments.-Ibid, 11this July. 