THE REAL ROLL STUFFERS." Some further revelations that have been made respecting the stuffing of the South Provinco Rolls disclose the fact that a couple of members of the Couucil, Mr Bennett, and the immaculate patriot Fawkner, exerted themselves rather warm ly in this discreditable manoeuvre. 1 Mr. Bluckintosh had supported Mr Bennett at the former election for the province and was pre sumed of course to be still his political adherent. Mr. Bennett requested him to secure the enrol ment generally without reference to party or po litical principle. Some elue, however, to the sense in which lie wrote is aiTorded by his refe rence to the "farmers and landowners," who con stituted most of the persons in Mr Mackintosh's district,' and his request that they might he re manded that their interests were involved in the election. But there is a fact connected with this document much more significant. Iu tho shape in which it reached Mr Mackintosh's hands, it bore an endorsement, in the autograph and un der the signature of Mr J P Fawkner. Mr Ben nett writes guardedly. Mr Fawkner gives a very plain hint as to the sense in which this cnutious composition ia to he interpreted. Mr Bennett writes : — " 1 enclose you some forms which I have had printed, aud beg you to use your influence with, and urge the farmers and landowners iu your district to secure their franchise by immedi ate registration, as the result of the approaching elections will most materially affect their interests. I enclose you a roll, for your district, that you may ace who have been omitted : and hoping to hear from you ere long, and favorably, I remain," &e.; The assumption of course is, that " farmers and landowners" would know on which side it was their " interest" to vote. Now hear Mr. Fawkner, who is too straightforward and plain- spoken to let the real meaning of the circu lar reraaiu thus wrapped up. " The neces sity," writes Mr Fawkner on the back of Mr Bennett' communication, " of putting all Jriendly names upon the electoral roll for the Up per House has caused you to be troubled with this tetter and these forme. Pray exert yourself (a"d get your brothers) to enter as many names as possible, aud solicit their votes jor Mr. Bennett, and thus oblige," etc. There is no roll -stuffing here. Mr. Bennett very elaborately explains what are the necessary qualifications of an elector for the Legislative Council. The idea never oc curs to him, of course, of placing names on the roll that have no right to be there. Mr. Bennett has too much integrity to dream of a fraud of that kind. But Sir. Beunelt aud Mr. Fawkner must share between them the blame of a very unworthy and mean attempt to get the registra tion strengthened on the side of one particular candidate, by private influence. Mr. Bennett did not stoop to the personal solicitation of voles. But was it not something more unworthy than personal canvusa that he did stoop to, when he made special efforts to get the roll packed with ' friendly electors ? " Mr. Bennett has appended his name to a re port in which the Committee of which, he was Chairman siy Your Conimitte conceive it highly injudicious to allow cluims for registra tion to he made by any but the claimauts them selves, aud to ensure this would earnestly recommend that each claim should be signed by the claimant in presence of aud attested by some well-known public functionary." We suppose the member for the Southern Province and Mr. Fawkner will defend the letter to Mr. Mackin tosh and its endorsement, on the ground that so long as an evil system exists they have a9 much tight to take political advantage of it as any other parties. The Sludge Commission. — The members of the commission took their departure on Monday morniDg on a tour in the direction of the Murray, for the purpose of ascertaining by personal inspec tion the best method to be adopted for carrying off the sludge in that direction. Their first halting place last night, we beard, was to be at Mr Ilarney'a stat ion on the Canipjspe. They will probably be absent for three or four days. — Advertiser. The Bendiqo Escort. — The quantity of gold forwarded to Melbourne to-day is less than we re member ever to have seeu transmitted by the escort since it was established. The quantity is 3,325 ounces. Of cash there wus £9,076. The absurd shutting up of the Bauks from Friday till this moruiug will account for the extraordinary smallness of the gold remittance. — Mercury. Leichardt. — Every incident referring to poor Leichardt's expedition cannot but be interest- ing. We have received within the last few days the following suggestive letter :—"Dear Sir,—I believe you knew Leichardt, the travel- ler; While reading Gregory's journal, I was much impressed with the description he gave of a road or aboriginal track he found near the desert in a very stony country. He remarks that the stones were cleared and placed aside for a considerable distance, and that it was the only instance he remembered of the native applying his powers to a permanent improve- ment, or words to that effect. Since reading the above, a thought has often crossed my mind, that Leichardt, or some of his party in hopeless captivity or other strait among the blacks, might have had something to do with this cir- cumstance. Might not that road be cleared purposely to attract the attention of white men? What better plan in such a country could they have adopted. Is this idea worth following? Very truly yours, Wm. Adeney.—Chocolyn, Camperdown, 28th December, 1858.—Herald. The Lark. — A gentleman who has resided in the Australian colonies since 1840 — for the laBt four years in this colony — states that' on Monday last he and a friend were out shooting near the junction of the Yarra and the Salt water river, when, for the first time Binco he left England, he had the pleasure of hearing the wild lark sing. There were threo birds soaring in the neighbourhood, and singing the unmis- takuble .notes of the British lark. Alter some time one of the birds . descended, and when within about fifty yards of the ground dnrtc , rapidly down into the glass. The sportsme a were near enough to have ehot the birds, bt ume were prevented from doiog so by the charm t r.a" the song, and the old associations and memorie e -111 awakened by it. ' We hope that none who ma anrJ have an opportunity like that of our informal a,n. and. his friend will act otherwise. — Herald. ?. The Law's Delay. —In speaking the othe !?n day of the accumulation of arrears on th , Equity side of the Sydney Supreme Court, M our Justice Therry mentioned two caseB, in parti cular, as illustrative of this, lit one of thes :.r0 a the infants, although entitled to £800 per an 11 . num; were so distressed, through the pro? 18 traded but unavoidable delay in their cnse,mc" that, unless it was speedily attended to, theyPea" must be sent to the Orphan Asylum. In "ie another, the infants, although the estate was365-" .worth several thousand pounds, were going may about without shoes or stockings, Chinese.— It is expected that within the?. ie next three or four months an addition of at least five thousand will be made to the present . Chineso population of New South Wales,? several vessels of large tonnage having boon a taken up at Hong Kong and other ChineseHi110 ports for the conveyance hither of Chinese ,u' immigrants. . ly'10 T he Rev. W. D. Clarko considers that a 3 as search to the westward of Mount Kosciusko :011" would probably be rewarded by the discovery mer of large deposits of gold. 'roe Sir J. K. Shuttleworlh, in his work on anc' ' Public Education,' estimates that, by a re- a" dietribution of obsolete charitable bequests US throughout the country, £800,000 per annum would be rescued from waste, rati-; ma-' l. nil ' "A Thieves' Den in the Native City or Calcutta. — Wo extract the following from a letter of a correspondent of the Times : — "Wo had penetrated a long way deep into the en trails of the native city when my companion seemed to recognise some object of which he had been in quest. It was a two storied house dominating all its neighbors, and extending far away backwards, covering much gtound. He lit a dark lantern, gave his horse to a chowke- dar whom he had hailed some minutes before, and motioned me to follow. There was n hole about two feet square in the closed door of this house, or rather this great shell of brickwork — a hole concealed by a rag which hung over it. Through this hole we crept, and found our selves in a room filled with a suffocating vapor. A man and a hoy were asleep on a trestle, so fast asleep that, although we flashed the lan tern over their faces, they did not wake. Through this room we passed into a ruinous yard — weeds aiid brickwork and broken ma sonry. Our dark lantern showed us a staircase, end we ascended to a gallery which ran round the yard, hut had no protecting rail to prevent our falling down into it. As we groped along this dangerous platform, I ventured to ask what this place was, and what object we had in com ing there. The answer was that it was sus- neded that a murderer was' concealed in the immediate neighborhood, and the purpose of that night's expedition was to get some idea of his whereabouts. All along this gallery were door.; leading into rooms which we could hear were not untenanted; for we had evidently dis turbed the inmates. We stopped before one of these and knocked. There was an answer, and after some womankind hud been sent into an inner room, we were admitted, Such a shaggy, clotted, fierce-looking wild man as the lord of this habi ation does not appear in any ol Dr. Diamond's photographs of furious madmen. What was said I do not know, but. he prostra ted himself like a rebuked evil spirit before the command of my companion, and, setting out as our guide, led us through rooms and alleys and yards, and over drains and ditches and broken walls, until I was fairly bewildered. Arrived ot our destination, our guide knocked up ano ther honest man, about as prepossessing as him self, and the man hud some friends. A very animated debate ensued, and 1 needed no ghost to tell me that we two Englishmen, without any other weapon than the Tittle rattan stick with which 1 picked my way, and without any assistance within hope of call, were surrounded by half a dozen. of the most desperate ruffians in Calcutta. Yet the Englishman commanded and the Hindoo cringed. They were told that this murderer must be given up, or — — — . What the alternative was did not transpire, but it was terrible enough to make them undertake to lure the man back from Mot'ussil, and deli ver him up to justice. The wretch was guilty of a cowardly series of murders upon native women, whom he had killed with a short iron bar, and despoiled of their silver anklets aud armlets. Even, these ruffians seemed ashamed of him, and they will probably keep their en gagement ; but I mention this anecdote only to show that tho English prestige is not lost and powerless in the thieves' den of Calcutta." Vine Culture. — With reference to tiie prospectus of the Tarrangower Vineyard As sociation, the Border Post remarks : — " With all deference to the parties who drew up that, prospectus, we would urge that the proceeds of a forty-acre vineyard have therein been most absurdly underrated. We say nothing ahout the estimated outlay ; for the cost of labor varies in different localities, and the ex penses would be regulated by the nature of the ground, the quantity of timber to be re moved, etc. But when we find it etated that it is only contemplated to plant sixteen thou sand vines upon forty acres of land, we cannot help fancying that there is some mistake. If the vines were set the ordinnry distance of four feet apart, it would take 1 1)4,000 for the forty acres. Again, the produce of the forty acres, after the fifth year— the gtapes being valued at 4d, per pound — is set down at £5,333 6s. 8d.. We submit it would pr.-y far better to manufacture wines than to sell the grapes at sucb a figure ; and we further aBsert, that after the third year, the yield would be.10,000 pounds weight to the acre, which at the probable minimum price of sixpence per pound, would yie'd £10,000 per annum to the forty acres. The ordinary price for grapes in Albury is one shilling per pound, and they have never been sold below tenpence, whole sale. The Adelaide Register stated some time ago, that an acre of vineyard will always yield about £250 clear of all expenses, sup posing the wine to be sold' at 6s. per gallon. Now, we know that colonial wine has been sold in London at seven times that price. If we take 700 gallons as the proceeds of one OfffO if nttll ho cnan 4haf Iinlnro ihn ...tit MVAVy «u >»»»» OU Obbii vuau UU1LOO LUC giajJCB Will realise 6d. per pound, it will be more remune rative to manufacture them into wine than to sell them in the raw Btate. " . The Memorial Church at Cawnfore. — The Art Journal 6ays : — " It was originally designed that a memorial church at Cawnpore should arise over the very grave of the martyrs but it is found now that the distance of the well from the mission station, and other con siderations, render it ineligible as the actual site of the Bacred edifice. It has been deter mined, Therefore, to mark the dreadful spot it- provide protection tor groimu-, pvumnp:, application for the sttnie to be leased. , Clerk of tlio Board has, as we imaging this matter at rest by quoting from the one which has the precise effect requirau Mr Ireland. He has not, however, yet ,g any sign, and leases are still in the liml the circumlocution office. We again appeal to Mr llamsay Chairman of the Board, to obtain froi.j | Ireland an explanation of his reason li laying to give effect to the suggestions 0r Board in relation to leases. Mr B:g knows its well as any oue how vital cessary leases tire for the development j progression of this district, aud lie owes_ the community lie represents to r" the alleged impediment, to their introduj should it be found to have a reality ; if i not exist, Mr Ireland will he until, assign any adequate publie motive for „ holding from us the privilege he has acc£ to Ballarat. e 