ALLEGED ARSON ON THE RED HILL. (FROM THE BALLARAT TIMES.) At the Eastern Ballarat Police Court on Thurs- day, Henry C. Wilson was charged with setting fire to the store of James Williamson, on Clayton's Hill. The prosecutor, sworn and ex- amined by Mr. Inspector Nicholas, deposed that on Sunday morning, the 18th of De- cember, about half-past 2 o'clock, he was in a neighbour's tent, opposite to his own place, when he was alarmed by a man whom he left in charge, who told him that the store was on fire. He was but 50 feet from the store, and was absent but five minutes therefrom. A woman and child slept in the store. Her name was Mary Haggerty, and there was no light in the store. Witness went out at the front door, but did not go through the room where the woman slept when leaving the store. (Plan of premises put in evidence.) When witness left the store, it was secure. Heard a quarrel outside the door. The prisoner was quarreling with Henry Mann and Daniel Henson. Could not say what the cause of the quarrel was. Witness spoke to the prisoner, and requested him to go away. Was in bed when the quarrel originated; got out of it, and went for assistance to put the prisoner out of the store, as he had got in with other parties. A man named Wallace accompanied witness, and when he returned to it he found the prisoner and some other men quarrelling in the store. The prisoner got into the store during the temporary absence of witness. Put the prisoner out, and locked the door. Maine and some other persons remained inside. The prisoner, after being put out, asked to be allowed to remain in, or if not, he would break in the b—— door. Heard the prisoner go round the store, and witness re- marked to those inside that he had gone or a log of wood to break the door. Witness then opened the door, and on going out he saw the prisoner with a large log of wood in his hand, which he had brought from the back. Wallace asked him what he was going to do, and the prisoner remarked that he would break in the b—— door. Wallace then told him to go to bed. Witness and Wallace then went into the store, which they locked, and the prisoner remained outside. After some time he asked witness for two cakes of tobacco which, he had bought of him in the afternoon. Gave him the tobacco, but would not let him in. When opening the door, the prisoner rushed in, and was again put out. He was under the influence of drink at the time, but not drunk. After putting the prisoner out the last time, witness, Mann, and Wallace came out and locked the door of the store from the outside, and went to the tent opposite. The light was put out before they went. The prisoner said to witness then that if he was not allowed into the store, he would pull it down before morning. Witness requested him to go away, and said he would remain there as long as the pirisoner. The prisoner made no reply, but walked away as if to go to his tent. Witness then followed the other men to the tent, which was 35 foot from the store, as he wanted the key to go to bed. He was three or four minutes there when Mann opened the tent door to accompany witness to the store. He then saw the store on fire. Witness was behind him, and the former exclaimed, "Oh my ——, the store is on fire." They then ran as quickly as possible to the store, in order to save the woman and child in it. Ob- served that the part of the store on fire was that next to the prisoner's tent. Had seen the pri- soner at the place where the store was on fire three or four minutes before it broke out. Wilson resided no more than 30 feet or so from the store. Witness and a policeman went to the pri- soner's tent, and found him stripping off, going to bed. He taxed him with burning the store, and the prisoner then said, "Did you see me do it?" When the prisoner went round the store he went in the direction of the part of the tent marked on the plan "fire- woods" There was no light in the house for two hours but the one witness had ex- tinguished. There was a distance of 20 feet from where the woman slept to where the fire broke out. The fire broke out in a washhouse, in which there was no fire or fireplace. Had had several quarrels with the prisoner previous to the fire breaking out, but was on good terms with him at the time. To the prisoner.—It was 12 o'clock when you were in my house. I was perfectly sober, but had sherry and ale about four hours before. You did not bid me "good- night" when going away from tho store. I can- not swear that it was you that set fire to the place. To the Bench.—Could not say what num- er of persons came in by the back door on the night of the fire. In consequence of the absence of Henry Mann, who had been subpœnaed to attend, and for whose apprehension a warrant was issued, the further hearing of the case was adjourned until this day. THE REVIVALS.—The Times special corro- spondent describes "a great revival prayer meet- ing for all Ireland," held at Armagh on the 14th inst., at which he states there were 10,000 people present, special trains being run on the occasion from Belfast and other places. During the journey, a small party struck up a hymn, whilst others hooted and whistled. Many of the passen- gers, 'however, made use of the opportunity of travelling 10 miles for 1s. 6d. to do a little worldly business. The meeting was held in a sloping gross field, near the railway. The ser- vices, consisted of addresses or sermons, alter- nating with hymns. Nine or ten reverend gentle- men relieved each other in the work of the after- noon on this, the chief point of the meeting. The addresses that excited most attention were those of the Hon, and Rev. B. Noel, and the Rev. Mr. Moore, of Ballymena, the place where the movement is said to have commenced. The platform was in- tended to be the centre of the day's proceedings, but the people could not be kept at the centre of intelligence and piety combined. They broke into separate audiences, round more violent and more exciting preachers. There were at one time five smaller circles in the field, besides the main body, and the most successful preachers, tested by the amount of "mental agony" they produced in the listeners, were not the ten or- dained ministers. In one group were 20 poor wretches on their knees, at the feet of an ill- looking, vulgar, and evidently ignorant man, who was consigning all the universe to perdition with extreme enorgy. At every sentence the prostrate creatures groaned and grovelled in the earth, and shouted "Amen" and "Jesus" in constant re- petition; another batch of sinners were sent to hell in the most distinct manner, then came more groans and more ejaculations of "Amen," as if it had been a prayer for a blessing on them. Two images were continually repeated throughout this fanatic's address—he appeared to have no other's—the fire of hell in every form, and the blood of Christ. On these he raved furiously, till he was satisfied or exhausted, for he did stop at last. Others exhibited a different kind of fa- naticism to that of the tourist. One was a short man, with a well- fed look, and an oily, bald head He dealt with promise rather than judg- ment, and maintained that the elect were the happiest people on the face of the earth. But he bad very few auditors: there was no chance of his frightening any one into a fit. Generally, the active agents in the various groups were sin- gularly hard-featured, many oven evil-looking, men. One leader was an exact reproduction of the Puritan, in many of the caricatures, of the time of the Commonwealth; he was the "low" ideal of that day exactly repeated. In every circle singing was a favourite and frequent exer cise, and, as in the railway-train, bad to a degree that cannot be described. The literature of the "Revival" is producing pamphlets, ser- mons, and letters, elaborately attempting to ana- lyse the last and worst forms of physical manifesta- tions and determine what portion of them is of God, what of man, and what of "the enemy who soweth tares." The "marks" said to have been made by the spirit have been exhibited for money, and some of the filthy alleys and courts of Bel- fast have just reproduced scenes rivalling the im- posture of the Cock-lane Ghost. Mr. Breakey, of Lisburn, writing on the 16th, says:—"Last week it was at great risk I dared even question the reality of these 'wonders.' " But previously to doing so he had visited and scrutinised five such cases. They had drawn "thousands" to see the "signs." The friends of one of the cases boasted that 2,000 persons had been to the house in one night. Vast numbers flocked in on cars and on foot to see "the wondrous, miraculous words and images stamped on arms and bosoms." Mr. Breakey saw at once that the people were fast becoming fanatics, and the great Revival movement becoming unmanageable. "So he ex- posed the scandal by preaching in his own locality and by a letter of warning to the Press. One woman persisted to his face that she had the Saviour's name stamped on her breast, while "something like a photo- graph image of Him" was printed on her hand! Ten witnesses were there ready to prove they had seen both: on examination, all was a blank; but the reason given was, that the exa- miner was unworthy to see the images—"he had not been stricken down." In short, "such was the furor and such the sympathy with these parties, that it required a good deal of moral courage to dare to contradict, or even question, the reality of these fictitious miracles." In other cases, re- ported from other quarters, the marks were pro- duced by scratching and puncturing the skin, or a kind of rough "tatooing." The agitation has been going on for nearly a year. One visible effect of it is an increased attendance on public worship; and the demeanour of the congregation is said to be more serious, more decorous, more "impressed." It is also said there is a decrease in the local vice of drinking; but the "corre- spendent" remarks, "If there has been an 'im- provement' lately, things must have been bad indeed before." 