ENGLAND IN PERIL. (From the Albion, tenth July.) It is sometimes a misfortune, more often an inconvenience, when a journalist is in advance, not exactly perhaps of the intelligence of his readers, but of their wishes when he seeks to lead them to the con- templation of what he conceives to be assured events, while they have hardly begun to appreciate the causes of those events, This has been our case for a considerable number of years from before the sham Crimean war, all through it, and after the half imbecile wholly knavish Paris peace that so worthily closed the first scene of a drama so opened. It was so through the Indian Mutiny and it is now again so in these present complica- tions, which are not the result of late accident, but of long-laid plans. A perception of that plan would have afforded any one who chose to use it a key to what now strikes people as so mysterious and surprising, whereas the true mystery and the true surprise is the insensibility of the incapacity to reason out palpable conclusions from staring promises. When the Italian difficulty had reached the stage of arms, we said, 1st, there could be no understanding that difficulty at all without understanding that of the Danubian Prin- cipalities and the adjacent outworks of the Sick Man's citadel 2ndly, that it was as a lever to the spoliation of the Sultan's J heritage the Italian convulsion was chiefly created 3rdly, that, towards this nefari- one end, for which he Crimean war had made things facile, it was necessary not merely to break the strength of Austria in the north, directly, by battle, indirectly, by threats of revolutionizing the other extremity of her territories, but to people and coerce and incite and bribe her into becoming an accomplice with the Imperial conspirators in a large portion of the very work she had hitherto instinctively felt, [if only because of her bitter experience in the Polish partition iniquity,] would be suicidal if done by herself, and would be murderous to her if done by others, But even as yet, notwithstanding all that has happened and is happening, infinitely outstripping in point of time the pace at which we thought this design would advance towards inevitable con- summation, no suspicion even of echo of: essence of such person appears to have dawned on the 'much talking ' little thinking British public "We are vain enough, however, to believe that, among the row exceptions, to this rule, some of our readers will be found. It would be hard upon us if it were otherwise, not to cite other illustrations, for those who may have read with attention even last week's article in this column will not only feel none of the amazement which now _ con- raises the newspapers at this seemingly suddenly 4-ustro- Fraak peace, but they will be very little astonished at what is a good deal more astonishing, namely, the unmistakeable evidence of Austria's pre- paredness to become the tool of France for the subjugation of the Anti-French portion of Germany will get, placing at the beck or Louis Napoleon an Austro? German Confederation as opposed, to the Russo-German Confederation in-the old rivalry between theCourtsofViennaandBer linbeingusedbyBonapartefortheparalysis of both ; while Bonaparte's colleague, the Czar, is potent alike over the interests and the apprehensions of Prussia, whether as a nation or a dynasty, whether as a man archer democracy and they very much mistake the Prussia, of the present hour who do not know that within her precincts is a very fierce democracy indeed] prepared" to avenge Blum, and to carry the socialistic principles to the uttermost by point of sword and tongue, when the opportunity offers, Each, both, all, find in Russia a patron and support; just as { do the Mazzinians and the Ultramontanes in Italy, and the extremes of all parties everywhere France itself being no exception for Louis BlancLouis Napoleon, the Comte de Paris, and the Comte de Chambord, equally with Louis Napoleon, and equally with Louis Kossuth. look to St. Petersburg, in the assurance that countenance and encouragement of some sort will thence flow from that perennial fount of suggestive disorder. The first and most obvious consequence of all this is the total isolation of England, her total exclusion from power, in the continent ; as even Lord John Russell himself admitted on Friday night, saying that he really knew nothing whatever of the treaty between France and Austria [the very echo of the Derby Disraeli confession about the Russo-Finnish alliance !] but he " hoped," [sanguine innocent !] that " we shall not be called upon to consider a peace which would not be in conformity with our notions of the honour, the dignity, and the freedom of this country." Prayer words as Fluellen says ; but they should have been spoken before. " Our notions" will have now very little to do with the matter, which has passed out of the region of " notions." Loud has been the cry for non-interference. Here is the response to that cry you cannot interfere if you would. Austria is gone ; she is in the hands of France, and carries with her nearly a moiety of Germany. She will have none of us now. Nor could she if she would, Prussia, carrying with her the other moiety of Germany, is similarly situate, as regards Russia ; Russia and France are one. One will they remain till there is no third great power, for there are only three at present. To talk of five is the merest anachronism. As well talk of seven, and include Spain and Holland ; or eight, and include Sardinia with its new extensions. Nay, why not nine, and place in the first titular if not territorial rank, the Honorary President of the Italian Confederation Plan dignity that not Hildebrand, Leo, Julian, of Alexander, or them all, claimed as an appanage to the Fisherman's Ring until the successor of the gaoler of Pius the Seventh bestowed it on Pius the Ninth. And yet Lord John now talks about a Congress. As if it can matter a pin's head whether there is a Congress or not, except so far as it may minister to that spirit of grim irony and ghost-like humor, burlesquing the big airs of little men, which seems to animate the phlegmatic doer of the deed of December the Second, and of divers other deeds not less appalling to the mind's eye, if loss bloody to the corporeal vision. A Congress, if Congress there be, and possibly it would be in London to render the mockery more satiric, will be but a Court of Registry of I Designs long ago conceived iutheÓ/itfíieeí- I Kerle of the Neva, affirmed at Stuttgart, practically carried out at Villafranca, and presently to be announced to the world from the Schubring, within sight of the tomb of Napoleon the second, (Duke rio Reichstadt), as patented in perpetuity by Napoleon the Third and the successor of the father-in-law and destroyer of Napoleon the First. Yes, all that is wanted is a Congress and then, in addition to being, as we are at present, the laughing-stock of our sardonic friend at the Tuileries, we shall be perhaps awake to a sense of the ludicrous. and have a laugh at ourselves. Had our perception of the ridiculous been less obtuse, it is not now that we should be beginning to awake in fright to a consciousness of the folly of those slumbers, during which our attitude pains to have bean more grotesque than the usual pose accompany- ing somnolency, if we may judge by the derisive grin on our neighbour's visage. Had such perception been vouchsafed to us, had not fatuous self-complacency stultified as to the admonitions of the wholesome vigilance of a few watchers in Parliament and the Press, it is not now that Lord Palmerston would use the argument he did on Friday night to obtain an im- mediate vote of money for fortifying Alderney-its propinquity to Cherbourg ! What volumes are there not Jioio in that one-horse from that quarter ? Why were not such phrases uttered before ? Why are they uttered now P ' Nothing has been signed, or is happening, that might not long ago have been foreseen as sure to happen. The mere mode of Our machinery for the improvement of the plot may be novel, and the incidental episodes are-' expected. But the denouement is in strict accordance with the " unities ;" and to lift' up our hands in vulgar wonderment body at the twelfth hour, and exclaim, " Who'd have thought it is merely to furnish supplemental proof that we deserve what: ever may befall us. ' > >'. Yet, not the twelfth hour. That has' not struck. What shall we do see it strike P-upon whom rely when it shall have struck ? bestir ourselves, and on ourselves rely-alone ; armed to the teeth, and your teeth prepared to show and use, the instant it is expedient to bite, and them with all our might. Abstain from so doing,' patter with the peril, prate of peace when there is no peace, and can be no peace, and then see, when too late, what comes at last of our perpetual expectancy of figs from thistles, grapes from thorns. Who can gainsay the reasonableness of the case as put by a Quarterly Review on Saturday : - "Should we be attacked. if we later; moved absolutely and entirely on the strictest policy of neutrality and non-intervention P Let us allow Russia to occupy Constantinople, dud Syria, and France to absorb Belgium and the Rhenish provinces of Prussia would that save us? ' There are not probably a dozen { politicians who in their hearts believe that if France has once been so successful in gaining the first object of her ambition she would stop at the second. We can- not obliterate the memories of Waterloo and the Nile; we cannot give up our free institutions, which are a reproach to a people oppressed with a despotism and we cannot divest ourselves of our wealth, which they believe they can take from us without having the industry or the patience themselves to utilize it. With all these temptations before them, it is in vain to fancy that our pusillanimity will disarm their hostility, As long as the career of conquest is successful, and Unchecked, the French army will' not stop short of the universal dominion which they believe to be their right. The Germans they believe they can conquer whenever it suits them : -raffia one obstacle to their paper of glory is England, and that consequently must be removed. * * If their army of England were to perish to a man, they would console themselves with the thought that they had died like heroes and true patriots for the good of their country. The loss of the army of Russia in less didn't discourage the French from' attempting the campaigns of Leipsic or Waterloo. The glories of Borodino and the fact of their having reached Moscow was a sufficient set-off against the loss of a quarter of a million of fellow-citizens and so it would be again. One victory over England would be cheaply purchased in their eyes at such a price." This was written before the last crowning triumph of Napoleonic policy, the conversion of Austria into a feudatory Of France, ' alike' for the purpose of terrorising the year liberals of Italy and the pseudo liberals of Prussia, and, chiefly for facilitating the ruin of the Porte, sailing on the ' Egyptian transit, and passing the keys of the gates of the Eastern empire to' his confederate, the Czar, as he has passed the stewardship of Lombardy to his puppet of Piedmont. It was written before the statement of the present Secretary of the Admiralty, which, though far more encouraging than was anticipated, still leaves untouched the fact that a combination of the French and Russian fleets at any moment would lay England open to the most disastrous consequences. Read by the light of these supplemental days, past any rational being question the moral the quoted passage conveys -Al Mon, 