THE MORMONS. HOBAOE QIIEELT AND BRIOHAM YOUNG. Mr Horace (Jreely, editor of the New York Tii bune, records a long conversation with Brigham Young, which is valuable ah furnishing the direct replies of the avowed leader of the Monnons to the searching questions of a clever man. Salt Lake City, Utah, July 13, 1855. My friend Dr Eernhisel, M.C., took me this afternoon, by appointment, to meet Brigbam ^oiwg, President of the Mormon Church, who had expressed a willingness to receive me at two p.m. we were very coranv]ly wel comed at the door by the President, who led ua into the second story . parlor of the largest of his houses (he has three), where I waa introduced to Heber 0. Kimbail, General Wells, General VerguBon, Albert Carrington, Elias Smith, and several other leading men in tho Church, with two full grown sous of the President. After some unimportant conversation on general topics, I stated that I had come in quest of fuller knowledge respecting the doctrines aud polity of the Mormon Church, and would like to ask Bomo questions bearing directly on these, if there were no objection. Presideat Young avowing bis willingness to respond lo all pertinent inquiries, the conversation proceeded substantially as follows : — H. Ch Am I to regard Mormonism (so called) as a new religion, or as simply a new development of Christianity ? B. Y. Wo hold that there can be no true Christian church without a priesthood directly commissioned by an immediate communication with tbe Sou of God and Saviour of mankind. Such a church is that of the Latter-Bay Sainta, called by their enemies Mormons. We knuw no other that even pretends to have present and direct revelations of God's will. H. G-. Then I am to understand that you regard other churches professing to bo Christians as the Church of Home regards all churches not in com mnuion with itself — as schismatic, heretical, and out of the way of salvation % B- Y. Yes, substantially. H. (J. Apart from this, in what respect do your doctrines differ eseentially from those of our orthodox Protestant churches, the Baptist or Methodist, for example ? B. Y. We hold the doctrines of Christianity, as revealed in the Old aud New Testaments, also in the Book of Mormon, ' which teaches the same cardinal truths, and those only. H. G. Do you believe in the doctrine of the Tri nity ? . . B. Y. We do ; but not exactly as it ia held by other churches. We believe in the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, as equal, but not identical — not as one person (bains). Wo believe in all tin Bible teaches on this subject. _ II. G. Do you believe in a personal devil — a dis tinct, consoious, spiritual bsing, whose nature and acts are essentially maliguant and evil ? B. Y. Wo do. n. G. Can you give me any rational explanation of the aversion aud hatred with which your peoplo nre generally regarded by those among whom thsy havo lived, and with whom they have been brought directly in contact ? B Y. No other- explanation than ia afforded by the crucifixion of Christ and the kindred treatment of God's ministers, prophets, and saints in all ages. H. G. I know that a new sect is always decried nnd traduced ; that it is hardly ever deemed respectable to belong to one ; that the Baptists, ' Quakers, Methodists, Uui versaliats, &c;, have each in their turn been re garded iu tbe iufancy of tbeir sect as the offseouring of the earth ; yet f cannot remember that either of them wero ever generally represenlsd and regarded by the older sects of their early days as thieves, rob bers, and murderers ? B, 2. If you will consult the contemporary Jewish nocouuts of the life and acts tf Jesus Christ, you find that ho and his disciples were accused of every abominable deed and purpose, robbery and murder included. Such a work is atill extant, and may be found by those who seek it. H. G. What do you say of the so called Danites, or Destroying Ang6ls, belonging to your ohurch ? B. Y. What do you say % I know of no such band, no snob persona or organisation. I hear of them only in the slanders of our enemies. H. G. Withjegard, than, to the grave questions on which your doctrines and praotices nre avowedly at. war with those »f the Christian world — th.it of a plurarity of wives — 13 the system of your church ac ceptable to the majority of it3 women 1 B. Y. Thoy could not be. more averao to ifc than I was when it was first revealed to us as tbo Divine will.- I think they generally accept it— as I do — as the will of God. H. G. How general is polygamy among you ? B. Y. I could not fcay. Soma of those present (heads of the churoh) have eVieh but one wife ; others havo more ; each determines what is his individual dnty. H. G. What is the largest number of wives be longing to any one man ? B. Y. I have 15. I know one who has more ; lint some of those sealed to mo are old lidica, wlx»jm I TCgani rather as mothers thin wives, but irboin I bivo taken home to cherish and support. H. G-. Does not the Ap.iatle F.icl aay that a. bishop sbould bo the husband of ono wife ? B. Y. Sj we hold. We do not regard any but a married man ns fitted for the office of bishop. But the Apostle does not forbid a bishop having more wives than one. H. 9. Does not Christ say thit I13 who p«2s away his wife, or maniea one whom auother haa put away, commits) adultery ? B. Y. Yea ; aud I hold that 110 man should ever j put away a wifa except for adultery — not always even for that. Such is my individual view of tho matter. I do not say that wives have never beeu put away in our church, but lhat I do not approve of the prac tice. H. G. How do you regard «vhat ia commonly termed tbe Christian Sabbath ? B. Y. As a divinely appciuttii day of lest. We enjoin till to rest from secular labor on that day. We would havo no man enslaved to the Sabbath, but we enjoin all to respect and enjoy it. Such is, as nearly as I cau recollect, the sub stance of nearly two hours' conversation, wherein much wns sail incidentally fiat would not be j worth reporting, even if I could rem.amber and 1 reproduce it, aad wherein othera bore a part ; ! but, as President Young is the fiist minister of tha ' Mormon Church, and bore the principal part in ? the conversation, I have reported his answers alono { to my questions and observations. Tba others ' appeared uniformly to defer to bis views, »nd to ac quiesce fully in his responses and explanations. He spoke readily, not alwayB with grammatical accuracy, ' but with no appearance of hesitation or reserve, and i with no apparent desire to ooncjat anything, nor did be repel any of my questions as' impertinent. Ha was very plainly dressed in tbin Bummer clothing, and with no air of aanotimeny or fanaticism. Is appearance he is a portly, fraik, good-natured, rather thick- set man of-fifty five, seeming to c-DJoy life, and ! e in no par ticular hurry to yet to heaven. Hia associates ore pl.iin men, evidently born and rearod to a life of labor, and looking as little like crafty hypocrites or swindlers aa any body of men I ever met. Tho ab aencc of cmt or snuffle from their manner was marked and general, yet I think I may fairly say that their Mormonism has not impoverished them — that they weie generally poor men when they embraced it, and tire now in very comforLujle circumstances — as men averaging three or four wives a piece certainly seed to be. If I hazard any criticisms on Mormonism generally I reserve them for a separate letter, being determined to inako this n fair and full expose of the doctrine and polity, in the very words of its Prophet, bo far as I can recal them. I do not believe President Young himself could present them in terms calculated to ren der them less obnoxious to tho Gentile world than tho above. But I havo a right to add here, because I said it to the assembled chiefs at the close of the above colloquy, that the degradation (or, if you please, the restriction) of woman to the Bingle office of child-bearing aud its accessories, is an inevitable con sequence of the system here paramount. I havo not observed a eign in the streets, an advertisement in the journals, of this Mormon metropolio, whereby a woman proposes to do anything whatever. No Mor mon haa ever cited to mo his wife's or any woman's opinion on any oubject ; no Mormon woman has been introduced or has upok;u fo me ; and, though I have buea asked to visis Mormons in their houses, no one has spoken of his wife (or wives) desiring to B3O me, or hia desiring me to make her (or their) acquaintance, or voluntarily indioated the existence of 8uoh a being or beings. I will not at tempt to report our conversation en this subject, be cause, unlike what I bavo above gWen, it assumoJ somewhat tho character of a disputation, and I eould hardly give it impartially ; but one remark made by President Young I think I can give accurately, and it may servo as a sample of all thai waa offered on that side. It was in these words I think exactly : 'Ifl did not consider myself competent to transact a certain business without taking my wife's or any woman's counsel with regard to it, I think I ought to let that business alone.' The spirit with regard to woman, of the entire Mormon, aa of all other polygamij sys tems, is fairly displayed in this avowal. Let any Buch Bystem become established and prevalent, and woman will soon be confined to the haiem, and her appear ance in the street with unveiled face will be nccounted immodest. I joyfully trust that the genius of the nineteenth century tends to a solution of tbe problem of woman's sphere aud destiny radically different from this. 