CONFIRMATION IN ST. ;MATTHEW'S OHUEOH. WINDSOR. (From our own Correspondent.) According to tho expectation alluded to in our last communication, his Grace tho Archbishop, accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Shcohy, arrivod horo on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of adminis tering the sacrament of Confirmation. Thoy prooeoded to tho church shortly after arrival to assist the Pastor in hearing tho confessions of an unusually large number of penitents. Sunday (a day liappily to bo long remeinborod by tho Catholics of Windsor) was ushered in by a light, oloudloBsa sky. At an oarly hour in tho morn, tho streets wero lined by porsons of all denomi nations, oven from tho most romoto Darts of the district, joyfully hastening on to bo present at tho great ceremonies of tho day ; not a few impelled by the laudable anxiety of once moro feasting their ? eyes on tho benign countonanco of the venerated Archbishop, whose presence is ever hailed with tho greatest lovo and veneration by his faithful flock in this part of hia diocese. The Rov. Mr. Sheehy celebrated first Mass, and administered tho Holy Eucharist to a largo number of communi cants; second Mjss at niue o'clock, his Grace being celebrant; nnd at eleven by the JRov. Dr. Hallinan. Immediately after tho oolebration of the last Mass, the venerablo Prelate, robed in his canonicals, with crozier in hand, being seated on tho altar, prooeedod to address the candidates for Confirmation. Ho briefly, but eloquently, pointed out to them the spiritual boneBta they received in this eaoram^nt. They would bo endowed with the seven great gifts of tho Third PeMon of the Moat Adorable Trinity with greater courago to carry tho cross of Christ ; and tho blow 'the/ would receive at his hands on the cheok was to remind them that thoy should suffer any insult, any contumely, for the sake of Christ. Having requested them to kneel, his Grace recited, in the most beautiful and feeling tono of voice, tho hymn ' Voni, Saacte Spiritus' — ' Come, Holy Ghost send down those beams,' &3\. The candi dates, to the number of one hundred and twenty, wore then presented to his Grace by their Pastor, who with the Rov. Mr. Sheohy were in attendance on his Grace during the whole of tho ceremony. It was truly a most edifying sight : tho femalo3 all clothed in white, omblems of tho purity and inno cence that should reign within their breasts ; tho boya and -nalo adults suitably attired, and bea.-ing a most marked solemnity of manner ; the vene rated Prolate smiling benignly on those his now-, happy children j the tasteful fittings of tho altar and chaneol — completed a mojfc imposing scene, gazed on with true religious feelings by tho Catholic portion of the vast congregation, with respect ful wonderment by tho numerous Protestants, and will be long remembered by those who had the happiness of witnessing it. ' The hymn 'Voni, Sancto Spiritus' was chaunted by the ohoir at intervals during the ceremony. The arrangements were admirable. We noticod with much pleasure the absence of ariy confusion or hurrying, usually attending on Buoh like earemonios. Having all retired to their places, his Grace, having resumed hi3 crozier, requested them to kneel, and to join him in reciting the Creed, Our Father, and Hail Mary. At the conclusion of tho prayers, his Grace again addressed those confirmed, remind ing them that they were now strengthened by the seven gifts of the Holy G-host, made true soldiers of ChrisJ ; many of them, moreover, had that day made their first Communion. They should bo more careful to avoid sin for the future, . to retain the blessings just vouchsafed to them. To the parents ho then addre39ed himself, exhort ing them never by severity, drunkenness, detrao tion, to sot their children a bad example. They wero now the vessels of the Lord ; and most certainly would their punishment bj great, if by their bad examplo they estranged their children from tho service of the Lord. Uncharitublj remarks on our neighbours was unhappily but too common nova days among Christians. He warned them particularly against this pernicious vice. Hia Grace concluded a very feeling aldross (which was Ii3teutd to with the deepest attention by both Catholio and Protestant alike) by reminding those just confirinod of tho labour of their good nnd. zealous Pa3tor in preparing them to receive the saoramont worthily, trusting they would profit by ? tho good adrico thoy had receive:! from him; and when they would all meet in the man- ,- sions of their heavenly Father, he would have ';-.' the happiness of knowing his labrurs had not 'Y' been in vain. The ceremonies of the day con cluded with tho Benediction of the Blo33ed Sacrament. The church during tho whole of the coremonieB was crowded almost to suffocation. We should estimate tho uutnber presont at con siderably over a thousand— the largest number we believe ever assembled within its walls. There were a largo number of Protestant, Wesleyan, and other denominations present, including some of the leading families of tho district, who appeared to pay the greatost attention to the oxhortations of his Grace. It must indeed have been highly gratifying to tho Rov. Dr. Hallinan to boo his labours brought to such a Bucco°sful termination. The rev. gentleman has been for some time past unceasingly seeking through his extensive pari3h those fit to receive tho Sacrament of Confirmation, and imparting to thorn tho necessary instructions lo fit thom to recoivo it worthily. As an instance of the extent of hi3 labours we would mention that during tho past week, he has travelled on some days, exposed for hours to the fierce rays of an Australian sun, nearly one hundred miles, visiting in succession Vinegar Hill, Cattai Creek, Kurra jong, Clydesdale, and Richmond. The communi cants, wo should mention, wero liberally provided with breakfast on Sunday morning by Dr. Hallinan. His Grace left town to -day^escorted a few miles by the Pastor. Windor, Nov. 21sfc. 