LONDON. .^ \- - . fVnOW OUR OWN OOnUHBPOKDHHT.V - odmjb acvnv: J A match, which is likely to hecomo ono of tho most exciting of modern times, has been maae for one of the October meetings at: Newmiirket, between Toxophi lito i yrs, and North iiincoln 3 yrs, the formor giving 121b for tho year; Ditch milo,' Toxophilito is also matched to givo tho 0-yr-old American mare 241b and the tiro yean on tbo Kowley mile. But a more impor tant affair at tho present time than oven tho above is a mnfnli Cn^..}i\r\Cl anva . ADll Cnrfalt \\\ntwi'an 'Vita Dpntni.nil Land and Musjid, on the Two Middle miles at the second October meotin.it. Old Melbourne waB dostroyed on Wednesday, 4th May, h» being in his 2Cth rear. Tho death of Will Goodall, huntsman to the Duke of Rut land's hounds, took place on the 1st of May, at the ken nels at Belvoir, after a short but severe illness. William Goodall was bora in 1818, and spent hu eaily days in the service of the late Mr. Drake, as second horseman and whipper-in. In 1838, ho entered the service; of tho late Uuko of Rutland as second whip, and on the rctiro ment of Goosey in 1812 became huntsman. Under his management the far- famed Belvoir pack was brought to a Btata of excellence which Iiuj never been surpassed. Tbo Amorican government have purchased Knight of St. George for L.1200. Mr. Josoph Bond has Bold Enfleld for L.1C00, with a contingency of an additional L3000 should tho horso win tho Derby. Ho will remain in Armstrong's stables at Epsoin until after tho race. Mr. A. Gray, who bred him, has also roccived a very liberal olfer for the brother and dam. Mr. Harry Hall has been commissioned to paint Pro mised Land for Mr. Win. Day. ? The Goodwood Cup closed with 40 aubs (including eight ' foreigners' — lour American nnd four French.) Flatman's connection with the Whitehall stable has terminated. Mr. W. Day has purchased all tho yearlings bred by Mr. Simpson, of Din i Wo aro sorrv to record tho death of Edwin Martin Atkins, Esq., of Kingston Lisle, Berks, ono of the best and most substantial supporters of tho old Berkshire hounds. Ho was, during bis whole life, duly respected and deservedly esteemed bv all classes, not only in tbo parish whero ho lived, but by the whole neighbourhood. He was honoured as chairman it the bench of magis trates at Wantage, and as deputy-lieutenant of tho county of Berks. ? On the 11th of May, Lord Zetland, after it came to his knowledge, that several bets of 1000 to 3 had been laid against Viking (who met with an injury to his foot at Richmond the day beforo), struck him out of tho Derby. \- Knwmarket SUacoii. — Tlw Cntvcii ITfeet. Monday, 25th April, Craven Plato: Sedburjr, 1; ltoraan Candle, 2. Three otliersran. Match : Beacon beat Pavilion. Hatch: Gallus beatlicoiites. ' Handicap Plate: I-ord Nelson, is Frederick, 3. Twelve others ran. Sweepstakes ; Action, 1; Kln^-at-Arms, 3; Gallus, '3; Coalition filly, 4. Handicap: Jtcntraore, 1 j Indifference, 3. Sweepstakes : Actxon, 1 ; llarelbot, 2. llennWton Stake* : Precursor, 1 ; Bastion, 2. Tuesday, 26t.li April. Swcepstikcs : Bouquet walked uvcr. Sweepstakes : Xoriu Lincoln, I ; Tight Fit, 2; Gallus, 3. Match : MujjiJ bcat'ttio Orlando fllfy. ' Biennial Stakes : Trumpeter, 1 ; Dcftnder, 2 i Merryman, 3. Thirteen others ran. ? ? Sule Stake) : Lordof the Manor, 1. Dead heat fbr scoond between Orlando and Vigo. ? Match: Lord Nelson bout Brother to Dlrd-on-tho-Wing. Newmarket Handicap: Old 11 -bert 1 ; Fright, 2; Beacon. 3: Uclla. i; unplaced, 'Gllllver, Hobgoblin, Maid of Mnsham lUly (1 yrs); Newcastle, .Solomon, Pan, nnd Prcjs Forward. . ? Wednesdayi 27th- April. ? ? Match : Twang beat Golilou Itule.. Column Slakes : Clmpi'llcr, 1 ; .Vncurln, 2, Match : Harry Bluir beat Schoolfellow. .-?,.??? Handicap : Orlando, 1 ; Lord Berkeley, 2. Two others Plate, for two-year-olds : K.-niljr, 1 ; Kattlcbone, i \ Bates, Hutch : Harry beat the Coalition /Illy.- :' Subscription Plate : Spciker, 1 ; Scdbury, 2. Firo others ran. ?, ...?'???-., . ? Sweepstakes: Gin, 1; Polly Johnson, 2. Throe ' others ran. ' . ' -? - ? Thursday,. 28th. April.' ????;?'? ' Match : Prioress beat Olympus. ?? . Subscription Plate : Mimoia, 1; Orlando, a. Two ethers tan. ? ? ? ? '???????!.. Swcepstakc3 : Colt, by Cotheratouc, oat of Glenluee, 1 j Mazzlnl, S s Clinpelier. 3. ' A -?? r O '- Sweepstake!) : iladmne Eglantine. 1 ; tho Herseyfllly, 2. Handicap Plate : Glilka, 1 ; Gourd, 3 ; liellefleld, 3; Seven others ran. , . ' .' Sweepstakes : North Lincoln, 1 ; King-at-Arms, 2 ; Indif Clarc't Stakes : Toxopbollte, 1 s Sunbeam, 2. '--??? ' ,' :. BwcepBtakcs : Croftou walkrd over. . ;. .; ,-?; ? , Friday, 28th April.. '-': ,.;]-'. , ' Handicap Plate : GaUus, 1 ; Delusion, 2:; Ithlsos, 3. Twelve oilier* ran. . ? ?? . i ? '. Queen's Plato : Beacon, 1 ; Tournament, 3 ; Roman Candle and Scdbury walked In. . .. . . .?.....-, Swecpstonei: Glenluco oolt, 1 j Lord it Iho Manor, 2.. Hatod : llello beat Pavilion. :. - ?-,- .'.-':..--. ...?.-.,)./ ? Sweepstakes : Golden KuUvl ; Brine, 2. ..TwoolbefJ ran. Matcii : Harry Bluff beat Olrmplas'. ? ? ? ? Sweepstakes: Lord oi the Manor walked orcr. . ' ' ] ? ??? ..--.BSMAltKii.' ..?'--, ' ?..','?'?- No Craveu Mealing, for mauy years has'bech antici pated with so much interest as . the present anniversary of the opening of tUe racing, season at '' head quartors,1' but unluckily the promises which the programme pre sented failcdin;a great measure to realm tho high ex pectations that had bcen.indulgcd in-n curious result, considering that, thore- aro now more borses in training at Newmarkot than was ever known. . An Important feature at this meeting was the establishment of tho Biennial Stakes of 10 sovs oach', with 100 spvs added, to bo run atrthrop an,d. four years old, whlcli obtained tho largo number of eighty subscribers; and amongst tbo nominations vrero several pre-eminent Derby favourites and others whose running nras expected to throw some light upon future events. , The mooting was inaugurated by a most exciting race for tho Craven Plate, which .Lord Clifden/ as last. year, just missed bya head, the 71b extra, oa exemption, from, being claimed, extinguishing Tho Roman Candle's chance, whilst a bad paco just suited 'Sedbury, w.l\3 nftorwardB found a now owner in Mr. T. lJnrr,nt the. stipulated price of.n 'monkey.' A walk over' by Bouquet inaugurated the proceedings of Tuesday; after -which Birdbolt, in tho colours of Lord Doi-by* placed a slako worth 250 sovs to tbo noblo .Pro micr'fl credit/although when put up for sale at Doncastcr last year ilr.lTattersall foilod to. obtain a ten pound bid for the 'gallant grey,' whomi even Lord Zetland's once much:talkod-oF horse Viking was afraid to face on. this occasion. ' Tho old .'.' shaves' were afloat respecting North Lincoln being a roarer, for. which, however, there ia. not the slightest foundation, but high odds wero betted on aim ugmuni, uuiiucituuu ii^uiut, jievuriueic93; nnu, as was expected, neither could mako him gallop. Although his filly was in a delicate state; Lord Glasgow was not to be dissuaded from ' having a,cut' at tho Derby ' crack' Musjid, who i attracted all the cognoscenti to tho stables to. take stock of him.' As the horse walked about iu his clothes the high stnring manner in whicli he carried his head, added to his weak hncks, .which' gave him a 'waddling' gait behind, caused a very unfavourable Impression; and though ho stripped well, betraying fine shoulders and -girth and a rare back, that feeling was not removed; ' iindoniable . though : his action — much more adapted to a .flat course, than tho severs gradients of Epsom— wus when extended. No criterion of his. pro tensions can bo formetT from this 'performance against such an sppouent, nor did, his! hollow victory Improve his Dorby position, soiininislaltablo: was the prejudico amongst' trainers and other experienced judges against his ;' stay ing.'. A large field of tlfteen runners was telegraphed for'tho Biennial, nnd. the race was preceded ^ritb as much excitqment as a Two Thousand. A bettor looking lot of thrcd.yr-olds lias seldom bebn seen together so early In the season, and attention was not confined exclusively to any single, horse,. although perhaps Merry man was regarded as tho ' lion.' , After mustering on- the Heath, hostility against tho two favourites, Merryman and Rainbow, set in, and from offers to tnkoYto 4 between two and the field, the latter *nl%tnt*««krt. t lin'nnll- nf nuarfl .TminnAfar nl nnallmAlmlnn almost as good a favourite as Rainbow. Tho latter was beaten soon aftor paiBing the Bushes, and In descending tho hill hung so much towards Crafton, who was along Blde oflilm, on ih'e whip hanil, that Flntman, ?who had taken his placo between them,' was obliged to pull up his horse and go round on the left of the grey — a serious disadvantage so close at home, to which many attribute tho loss of the race to .Morryman, who was so full of ?running at the time that ho cumo ugain ?' liko groat guns'!'in the cards,' : but could' not uverhaul Truinpoler and Defender, tho former of whom won In gallant stylo by n length and aThalf,! Defenrler having an advantage of a, length over-the favourite. ' At the scalo a complaint was made against Rainbow's rider lor. foul riding, which was heard by tho'slowariB lnftor the races, and resulted in a reprimand andt caution -against' a repetition of tho offence. Tlje,,l,inmodlnto effect of' the raco upon the Derby hotting was the advancement of Trumpeter to 80 toil, 'upon' which' price, howover, he advanced five points ijeforo the clo;o of the racing, the outlay being altogether Itttloshort of a thousand pounds. The NTew lnqrket' handicap served' to maintain the interest to tho last. The nominal favourlto; Iloacon, gave way at last to Old Robert nnd Ilella, who becamo great ' pots,' no thing else being in prominent fuvour.oxccpt Newcastle Holin inado every uso of° her. light -weight, but was ' dead as a stone' at the Duke's Stind, at which point Gilllyer looked as'wcll as anything for a few stridos, until' ha shut «p ami- left the new to tho two Kpsoin -horsp?. Fright and Old Robert, tlio favourito, who ro versed tho Metropolitan running with Beacon and New castle, winning veryeasily. Wr;dnesdiiy's snort was of too uninteresting a character (0 bo rommtnted upon, nnd Thursday's card gave but poor promise, only ono event causing thu least commotion, Thcra seemod little to choose between Chapcllcr and Mazzini for the 200 aov. sweepstakes, and each was supported with spirit, not a solitary thought being ilevotud to tlio Glenluee colt, who came to tho rcscno of. tho lloldera, and, being backward In condition, burprised nobody morci than his owner, ^rhoso money was on Chnpiilier, by bowling over both the favourite's with such enm; that ho was afterwards backed by a gallant captain to win upwards of L 20,000 at the liberal odds of 1 000 to 5, for the Dnrby. The meeting terminated amiJst wretched weather, whic greatly ' marred .' to« enjoyment of - what, nndor mora favourable aujpicei, mignt ntivo boon pronounced a tol»r able afternoon's sport for tho wind up of the Craven. The surprise of tho week was rcsorrcd for tho Quoon's Plate on the Round Courso. for which Tournamont and Roman Candlo engross«d all tho favouritism, whilst Sedbury nnd Beacon wero not regarded as in the race. Such is tho 'glorious uncertainty' of tho sport, however, especially in tho contcstsf or Her Majesty's gifts which haro boon run for upon this courso in recont yoars, that both the favourites were bowled ovor by an outsider— B -aeon— whoso running in tho Nowmarkot Handicap on Tuesday naturally stalled off tho public from 'standing/1 him, and ho had scarcely a solitary backer except his lucky owner, who through all hia defeats has porsistingly maintained that hi was tho good horse at homo he has at last proved himself in public. It U very ovidont, lowcvcr, that hc requires a man upon his back. CUriter Spring Race*. Tuesday, 3rd May. Grpsvcnor Stakes: Scdbury, 1; Tho Argosy, 2; But Langton, 3 j Mentmorc, 1. Palatine Stakes : Never Despair walked over. Wynnstaj IMato : Tbo Belle, I ; Kin* William, 2. Three ° ilostyn Stakes : Thormanby, 1 ; Oxford, 2 ; Rattletiono, 3. CliMtcrheld Handicap : Defender, 1 ; Tight Fit, 3. Four Sweepstakes : Empty Bounce, 1 ( Knockburn, 2. Two others rau. Wednesday, 4th May. First Biennial : Red KORle, I ; Never Despair. 2i Kan, 3. City Plato 1 Sedbury, 1 ; Defender, 3 ; Hold of the Tradesmen's Plate, valuo, L.3,0J5: Leamington, 6 yrs, 8st alb ( Wells), 1; Thollcrnc, 4 yrs.Ost 41b, a-, Dotany.ljrs, Bstolb. 3 : Prioress, i yra, 7nt -lib, 4. Unplaced— Fisherman, Roman Candle, Lifeboat, Underhand Polestar. Jlr. Sykc, Sum Spodc, Brewer, Kogerthorpe, Wrestler, Wilton, 1 en oner. Mister Bagot, An;lont . Briton, Cawood, Itpyal SoverelKii. Qurenstown, Satlnstone, Compromise. Thornhl II, King William, Bosabcl, Nosegay, Kaspserry, Kara Avis, Ilftrraton, Coroner. Bankrupt, and Olympics. Heltcr Skelter Handicap: Brandy Ball, 1; Knajton, a. Queen's Mate : Tournament, 1 ; B«ri', 3 j Special Licence, 'scramble Handicap : Miss DIgby, 1; Bislllsk, 2. Four others ran. Thursday, 5th May. Welter Cup: Fadlndecm 1; Birmingham, 3; Prlnco of llufquii of Westminster's Plato : Kastqr Bagot, I: Solo mon, 2. Five others run. . , _„ Deo Stand Cup : Twilight, 1 ; Red Eagle, 3 ; Tight Fit, 'Dee Stakes: Actraon, lj Imlopondenoe, 3. Suramorsldo, Rainbow, Amon, Benbaw, and Staid of the Miflt fell .... ? Selling Stakes : Surprise, 1 ; .Mathematics, .I.. Two others Scurry llandicap : Twilight, 1; KoaTtdn,' 2; Four others Seventh Triennial : East Langton, 1 ; Star of tho East, 2. Friday, -6th May. Flying Handicap : Twilight,- 1 ?, Tombov.3. TwoothcM ran. Second Uleniii ,1: Slut, 1 ; Curlew, 2. Xivo othors ran. Eaton Stakes : Ufebout, 1 ; Neror Hespalr, 3. Stewards' Cup s Tumtnll JIaH, 1 -, Underhand, a j Master Bagot. 3 ; Prioress, i. Seren others ran. ifandicop : Sheffield, 1 s GIbside Fairy, S. Two others ran. Cbe«hlro Stakes: Batany, 1; Production, 3 ; Never De Ladles'Purso: Knockbarn.l; Hithcmatlos,2. Two Others Wlrral Stakes : Whlto Rose walked over. IlliM.ViCICS. With tho TwoThouaand in abeyance, anil tho weather of March temperature, it was diillcult to reconcilo tho advent of Chester, tho most popular of all tho Spring meetings, with the commencement of tho ' merry month of May'— a twin connection that has been inter fered with but twice during the present century, viz., when, through the unavoidable falling of tho 'move- able feast' of Easter, thoy commenced on tho 25th and 27th of April. Tho opening event, which brought ont four runners only, partook of none of the interest that has attached to tho Grosvcnor Stakes in recent years, and the success of Sedbury surprised nobody, nlthough few in reality anticipated a repetition of Mr. Parr's fre quent previous victories in this race. The Mostyn Stakes brought together the largest fiold of tho day, two-thirds' of the number being chestnuts, with several very good lookintr ones amongst them— Ilomoward Bound, tho Termagant colt, Stanley, and Gweilyou— who will bo hoard of lat--r in tho soason. The main interest was centred in Thormanby nnd Oxford (who has very sus picious foro legs), tho only two hacked. The dull ap pearanco of the morning foreboded inauspiciously for the 4'Jat ot the Cup day, but long beforo noon tho sun came out, and shining brilliantly for the remainder of the day, this annual popular holiday wa3 most auspiciously cele brated. Everybody seemed to bo absorbed in the all engrossing topic, and every other subject was so far forgotten that comparatively trifling attention was paid to the two minor items which preccdod tho great event. John Oiborno's Derby colt, Red Eagle, won tho first, the Biennial, but the performance did not reduce tho offers of 1000 to 5 ngainst him for tho Epsom raco ; and in the second, a 'pot' on Defender (who had previously been struck out of the Cup), was upsot by Sedbury. Atten tion was now directed to tho great oventj nnd'respecting the favourite, Leamington, there could bo but one opi nion, and oven those 'agin' tho horse/ who looked nt him through a bad book, were compelled to admit his perfoot muscular condition, whilst tho removal of his Landag03 exhibited legs as hard anil clean as a foal's, not a traco of last year's accident being observable. Mr. Higgins's other representative, Old Fisherman, as ho is familiarly called, never looked belter; and if Rosabel's coat was not quite so glossy as her companion's, sho was full of inusclo and much liked. The confidence oxhiblted by their ownnr far exceeded the opinion entertained of Leamington':! chance in 1;I37, and one of tho very last bets laid in the Ring was !-00 to 10(1 against the 'crack,' which Mr. Hi1 gins took after the horses had gone to tho post! Royal Sovereign's condition was equally admired, and his party wero nlso extremely sanguine. Tho field being a large ono, the plan of drawing for places was again resorted to, nnd this important ceremony was personally conducted by the three stewards, Lord Clif den, Sir Lydston Nowimn, and Mr. Payne, tho latter of whom covered the ' lucky bag ' (a half guinea gos samer), with a handkerciiief, so as to secure a fair draw. Tho first attempt to effect a start was frustrated by the over cagcrnoss of several of tho jockeys, and the ranks being onco broken wero only partially reformed after wards, notwithstanding tho exertions of Mr. Ilibburd and Mr. Topham to carry out tho order of tho draw, for though Polestar was entitled to n placo in front, sho was .one of the last off. The flold becamo divided into two bodies, and wo regret to stato that it was not without threats of suspension until nftcr tho Dorby that tho front division wore prevailed upon to go back to tho others. When tho flag at length foil, the first chargo up tho course was terrific, and Raspberry's jockey, though un der waiting orders, finding himself in such an advanta geous position next tho rails, took up the running after settling into places nt tho stand, closely followed by Wrc-tlcr, Master Bigot, Rnra Avis, Rosabel, Coroner, and Underhand (on tho ou'tnele), the ruck, with Nose gay, Satinstone, Herne, Lifeboat, Leamington, nnd Itoyal Sovereign in good places nt tho head of it, being closolv packed at their heels. Tho last lot wero Mr. Ten Btoock's Prioress ami Olympias, Roman Candle, Fisherman, Mr. Syltos, and Thornhill. Along tho Deo side soveril unimportant changes occurred amongBt tho immediato attendants of tho leader, owing to some of the light weights being knocked about, and thereby com pelled to shift their positions a trifle ; but the onlv fea ture for notice was tho advance of Wrestler and Master Bagot, who went up to Raspberry nt the half- milo post and ran nt her neck round tho Grosvenor turn into tbo straight, where tho Epioin horse changed places with Rosabel, who, on passing the stand tho socond timo, was laid at ' Raspberry's qnartum with Master Bngot 'up sides' of hor, pulling so hard that his chanco looked as good as anything. Underhand hail dropped a little further back Into the ruck than when previously noticod, and the immediate attendants of the three loaders nt this point were Wrestler, Royal Sovereign (side by side), Rara Avis, Coroner, No3ogay, and Bo ? tanv. Loaininrrton also was in a irood nlacc. with Satinstono, Homo, Qiiconstown, and Lifeboat ; nnd Mr. Ton Broeck'i) two, Roman Caudle, and Pole star, had advanced to about the niiddlo of the ruck, a considerable number of which was al ready beaten off, though wo cannot attempt to enumerate them, Mr. Sylccs, however, being whipper in. ' After rounding tho top turn Rara Avis and Nosouay disappeared from the front, and at tho Railway Bridgo tho other grey, Wrestle. ', Coroner, and Raspberry wore also disposed of, Qucunstown having dropped into the rear at tho turn, through distance's saddle slipping round, whereby the latter wai nearly thrown, and tho mare's chanco extinguished. On tho retirement of Rakpbcrry, Royal Sovereign took tho command, and in a. few strides was joined by Botany and Rosabel, who went on abreast, first ono and then tho other having their hoirds iu advance. At thoir heels followed Lifo boat, who separated them from tho next lot, which after parsing tbo lialfmilo pout W113 composed of Satinstone, Olympias, Leamington, Underhand, Prioress, Roman C.mdlo, Home, Rogerthorpo, anil Master Bagot — no- thing clso being In tho raco us far as wo could discorn. Llttlo now remains to bo told. Tho three leaders ran together to the commencement of tlio turn, whoro thoy ' split,' nnd Roval Kovcreiyn gradually died away, leaving the load with Botany, who, with Rosabel at her quarters, retained it into tho straight. Leamington— who eatno with a ' wot sail' outside hia horses round tho turn, anil literally swamped Lifeboat by cannoning against him, from tho fbrco of which Axhinill's foot was driven against the rails and his boot cut opon— then went in -front, chopped down Uotiiny and hor stnbla companion without nn effort, and won in gallant stylo by two length?. Hcrnn, riddan homo for a placo passed Uotnny inside the distance, and beat her for second money by a length; Prioress, who, ns usual, strugglod gamely to tho end, finishing fourth — placed by the judge — the samo diataacn bohiud Botany. Tho others wero stopped when beaten after entering tho straight, and an interval of at least ten lengths separated tho first, four frum Royal Sovoreign, who was fifth, Lifeboat being sixth, Underhand seventh, llogcnhorpo eighth, and Polc.itar ninth. The next lot woro Ancient Briton, Rosabel, Mastor Bngot, Fisherman, and Coroner j and tho rear division comprised Roman Candlo, Cawood, Compromise, Rara Avis, Bankrupt, Sum Spode, nnd Wrcstlor, who woj tho ' absoluto last.' Leamington is tho only horse that can claim the dis tinguished honours of a ' doublo first' in winning tho Cheater Cup twioo, and the Ring, wo feur, will ovor have causo to remember tho circumstance from tho large sums on on both oecaiion.. Of thoa. th» PrI'ciP*l.'hrff° emsolvcs. Their friends and acquaintances of courso win and sevefal of the gentlemen ' throw In' for good Stakes -vet curiously onough; tho moro oponly, as in 1850 tho7 stable expressed , fheir confidencoof winning, the more distrustfully was thoir advice received, from a .eliofthat it would not havo boon tendered unless for Kor market purposes-such, wo aro ashamed to con es s the detePstauk- suspicion now-a-days observed upon the turf, that it is only necessary tp tell tU° truth insure its opposite construction. This performance Umps Leaminfton one of the bes t horsu iof modem times, and nobody, wo suspect, will now doubt his su periority over Fisherman, both of whom were bred the K year by Mr. Ilalford, during his confederacy with r Higgins. It further proves Drumour (whoso young stock wo hear great accounts of) to have been nn extra ordinary thrce-ycar-oUl to run Loamiijgton to n nech Jn 18177at a difference of 01b only for the year when the former was in a comparatively half-trained stato. On ' erand days' liko tho present lit'.lo or no interest ia devoted to tho minor mccs which succeed the chief ovont, nor do thoy call for remark on this occasion. Ihoro was nothing for us to criticise in Thursday's card, with tho exception of- thu Dec Stakes, which wo rogrcl to a-W was. attended by an accident-fatal to Mr. Merry's Derby colt Rainbow— of almost as frightful character as tho meinorablo catastrophe at Goodwood in 1650, ono ot tlio sufferers iu which— Ashmall— was' also injured on this occasion. Balnamoon was on tho card as a probablo starter, with colours opposite to his name, but tho horso was not at Chester, nnd tho Hold dwindled down to seven runners, of which Rainbow and Summorsido and tho neat spirv little Acticon wero alono backed— although Aston aud Independence were whispered to bo dangerous. Suminorsido has grown inlo tho lino mare sho last year promised to become, but at the samo timo is somowhat )lain looking, and exhibits in a lesser extent the idgettv characteristics of her lady half brother and aistor, 'Pilkington and Gildermlro. Actreon went away a 'cracker' tho instant tho flag foil, and made ploy with a clear lead, followed by Rainbow (pulling tromen-1 dously) and Independence, Bonbow lying next, Summor sido on theoutsido of him.nnd Aston 111 theroar. lheyron thus at a strong paco past the stand and round tbo workhouso turn, where Suramcrside took second placo, and Maid of tho Mist joining her at the half-inilo post, the two went on head aud head, Rainbow, whoso jockey had waiting ordors,now dropping into tho rear of every thing. With the exception of Child of tho Mist drop ping back to Suiumcrside's quartern at tho Grosvonor iridgo, where tho lot were all in a cluster, no further chango occurred until within about twenty yards of the Grosvcnor post (which stands at tho entranco of the straight run in), whero Summerside struck into Actrcon s heels, and fell ovor on her right side close under Tho Maid of tho Mist's feet, who rolled over her. Tho others wero so closely packed that thoro was neither timo nor opportunity to pull out of tho way of the fallen horses, aud tho consequence was, five ttul of tho sovon were on tho ground together, Beubow falling over Summorsidc, and Aston ovor Maid of tho Mist, whilst Rainbow caughtSummerjido'sqiiartors, stumbled heavllyon to his head, aud nivcr moved afte.-wards— his nock and ono of his logs wero broken ! This frightful catastrophe re duced tho raco to a match between Actomn and Indepen dence, the latter of whom escapod the scrimmago by being at Summersido's heels, and the latter falling to tho right instead of tho left ; but tho issuo was never doubt ful, Acteon winning easily by half a length, followod at a respectfnl distance by tho looso Maid of tho Mist, It was ut first reported tfmt both Ashmall and Wells wero fatally injured, but these fears ot onco happily proved groundless, although after the latter's romoval to tho infirmary the rumour of his death erroneously gained currency. On Friday, however, Ashmall was woll enough to leave for Whitowall. Wells, who recovered full im^tp44'nn nHii* f.ipitUii-.-i in the niirht. nrorrressed so very favourably that he went homo on Monday, though it is questionable if ho will rido ngain beforo tho Dorby. It is miraculous howChallonor (whorodoin a subsequent race), Cresswell, and Jno. Osborno escaped, cspecUUy the latter, as his saddle was literally broken in half, and the iron torn from the frame work 1 Crosswcll, who had to be dragged from underneath Rainbow, at first was a good deal stunned, but the other two instantly proceeded to tho assistance of their less fortunato comrades. Curiously enough, only the night beforo Wells expressed his determination never again to ride in tho Chestor Cup, and Alfred Diy lm made a similar resolve, Aftor tho races, Rainbow was buried on the Roodeo alongsido of Nancy, who broko her leg whilst running for tho Chester Cup in 1855. Summersido escaped with a few scratches, but Aston was less fortunate. Ho had a largo wound on his off hind qu.vrter, und pioco3 were cut clean out of his nose and near knee, and ho was very lame in tho off stifle joiut. Friday's sport exhibited noimprovo mont upon previous davi, and boyond a third victory by Twilight at all.sorts'of weights, tho only feature of interest was the StowardV Cup, which brought out eleven runners, tho majority of whom startod fur tho Trades' Cup, though the two performances did not quito coin cide in every instance. In the absence of Leamington, who was struck out at half-past one, Fisherman, as Mr. T,i»fins'« rpnrprtpntntivt1. Wflfl made thft fiivaurito AS last year, but ho faile I to repeat that performance, and the prize— worth- L.OOu cloar— fell to the lot of Tun stall Maid. Wen-market H'iriit Spring- Ituccs. Monday, 9th May. . - Queen's Plate: Prioress, li Polestar, 2: Target, 3, Match: Lcontcs beat Olympus. . M.ucli : Hurrv beat F.I oil. Handicap : Hop Mercluut, 1 ; Ncwstead, 2. Two others ran. Selling Plate: Odd Fellow, 1; Mellbxus, 2. Two others ran. Handicap Plate: Artlws, 1 ; Occinus, 2. Eight others Handicap : Ditto, 1 : Lireboat, 2 ; Fright, 3. Handicap: Itojabcltat Nassau. Handicap: Wild Rose belt ITella. Handicap : Mentmorc walked over. Tuesday, 10th May. Coffee Room Stakes : KiiiR-at-Armi, 1 ; Nlmrod, 3. Handicap Plate: Woncatir, 1| Bromer to Sydney, 2; Holla, 3. Seven others ruu. Two Thousand Guineas : Promised Land, 1 s Cynrloul, 1 \ GrafXon, 3; Sir Hercules, 4 ; Nimrod, 5 (not placed) ; Napo leon, 6 ; Marskc, 1 ; Phantom, 8 ; Lord of tho Manor, 8. Handicap : Tom Kinp. 1 ; Salaam, 2, Four others rau. Match : Golden Rule bent Ducliejs of Kingston. UKMMtKS. Monday's 1 acing did not produce ono noteworthy in cident, beyond tbo defeat of Lifeboat bv Ditto. A moro numerous attendance on tho Two- Thousand day was never seen, and a more meagre list of sport for tho occasion was nover published. Tbo election, tho scarcity of money, and tho ill luck which attended the book makers at Chestor, all contributed to rendor tho mooting a failure, at least as far as the sport was concerned. Those people who built their hopes on Tho Promised Land wero not disappointed, for lm won like a racehorso, Alfred Day 'casing' him as he entered tho cords, nnd passing tho post ' hinds down,' with his oppononts toiling after him iu vain. Tho betting on the raco fluctuated considerably before the start. In the Own 11 to 10 only was betted on Tho Promised Land ; ho, however, rovived, and 7 to i was laid. After Nimrod's race S to 4 was taken, and just befora tlio start tho field was backed at evens ugaintit him. Wednesday, 11th May. Sweepstakes : Princess Royal, 1 ; Pavilion, 2 ; Sun beam, 3. Handicap : Kllllgrow, 1 ; Bel Espcranza, 2 ; Burba oolt, 3. Handicap Plate: Mcntmore, 1 ; Hobgoblin, 2 ; Nassau, 3. Sixteen ran. Handicap : Mazzini beat Production. Sweepstakes: Acueon beat North Lincoln. It. M. Plate : KJnii-at- Arins, 1 ; Wild Koje, 3. SU others ran. llandicap : Olympin, 1 ; Lady Gwendoline, 2. Four others ran. Sweepstakes : I.uir wanted over. Jockey Club Pluto : Delusion walked over. Thursday, 12th May. Handicap Plate : OiU Fellow, 1 j Kuucklo Dnster, 2. Six others ran. Handicap : Nowslead, X ; Solomon, 2. Eight others ran. Sweepstakes : Dead bent between Neophyto aud Miss Bowzcr. Three others ran. One Thousand Guineas Stakes : Mayonalse, 1 : Ariadne 3 i Prelude, 3 ; Qul Vive, -. Sweepstakes : Occanus, 1 ; 'lasso, a j FreouMor, 3. Two-Year-old Plato 1 Colt by Pcllon, out of Termagant, 1 : Emily, »?, nestcs,3. Twelve others run. Handicap : Filly by Surpllon, out or Innthe, beat Brine. Friday, 13th May. Handicap : Surprise. 1 ; Ditfanlra, a. Three others ran. Sweepstake* : DouUloon, 1 ; Queen Charlotte, 3 : Cin cinnati, 3. alatch : Lovebird bent Watersprite. Sweepstakes : Filly by IMiou, 1 ; filly by Stooltwell, ». Three others ran. Newmarket Stakes : Phantom, 1 j Comforter, a : Sir Her culet, 3. llandicap : Kllllgraw, 1 ; Lifeboat, 3. Threo othors ran. Handicap : Olyrapiui, 1 : Frederick, 2. Throo othors ran. Swcepscakes : Snap walki-d orcr, UEKAltlLS. Tho card for Wednesday .was tho host filled of tho wholo fivo days, for tho Handicap on tho Brctby Stakes courso brought out tho largest field of tho meeting, and in accordance with formor precedents was carried off by tho top weight, Mcntmoro, tho All- aged Sweepstakes of 50 bovs each, on tho last half mile of tho A. F., which was reduced to a match between tho Uaron'a colt and Actieon, created lutcnso interest from tho latter's known capabilities at that distance. 2 to 1 wa3 hotted on North Lincoln, who evidently requires a greater scopo of ground, as ho nover had a ghost of a chance with tho Danebury nag, who, through his opponent dwelling in bis stride at starting, slipped away threo or four lengths fiml, and retained his advantage throughout. Tho re sult was a ' staggerer,' espeoiully to tho.10 who laid odds on tho loser under tho delusion that it was ' finding money ;' and with tho Deo Htakcs, wherein ho mado running from ond to ond, fresh in tho recollection, 1,000 to 10 was taken repeatedly about Actason for tho Dorby, and tho previous oxecasivo confidence of the Btablo Ariadne, for tho Thousand Guineas, was still furthor in creasod from tho favourable result of a ' rough gallop ' in their clothes the day before On Thursday, although it was known that thero would boa small fiold for tho ' Guineas,' tho card exhlbitod a trifling improvement upon provious days, and the scourgo which laid the favourites low in almost every raco will long bo romom fcerod. The most important ovont was, of course, the One Thousand, for which everybody was anxious t» Uke stock of tho competitors, Ariadne, quiet ai a sheep and utterly regardless of the crowd that surrounded h» appeared the picture 1 of condition, and though stamlln. littlo more than fifteen hands, it would be difficultlS pick a fault in her. She has not grown rioee ,lutv« lowevor, except in substance, and tho contrast betwolm hor and Mayonaiso recalled tho disparity in she betwowT - Mincepio and Manganese in 1856, and Hopatica ana Governess last year.- Tho appearanco of-Mayonalao w» not so blooming as that of her rival, from not having ' altogether cast hor winter's coat, but sho looked full nf muscle, though many fancied hor n trifla ' big,' nnd 1« nil elasticity and life. Tho final investments suflicientlv explained the extremo confidence of Ariadne's admirm who bottcd fi to 2 on her without compunction ? hit owner, just beforo quitting the ' magio circle,' offering . to take 3000 to 1000 about Ariadne for tho Oaks whll.t Mayonalse, from causes already explained, which how evcr.did not in tho slightest degree shako tho conlideDM ? . of her owner and friends, went back to 0 to 2. The ract liko tho Two Thousand, may bo described in 'a few words. Roducod to a match between tho two favouritiw after tho first half-mile, tho issvio was novor in doubt for though Arladno 'camo through' at her best nace she could not got out of .the way of Mayunaiso, who lite rally ' trod her h&ols; off,' pulling so tremendously thai when the favourito was in trouble two hundred yards from homo, Fordhnm lot his maro go, nnd lcavini? Ariadne as if tho lattor was standing still, Mavonaisj galloped past tho chair— 'hands down' — twenty lciinth in ndyanco, exhibiting commanding strldo with swecn. ing action, of which oven tho losers could not restrain from expressing their admiration. It is diuicillt to sar which created most surprise— the vast superiority exhi bitod by tho winner.or tho hollow defeat of tho favourite, which produced an extraordinary sensation, and noboilv scorned moro flaborgastcd than Ariadne's owner and Hit adherents of tho Danobury stable, who wero unnblo to roconcilo tho mare's running with her trial with Actteon (to whom, it was aflirmod, alio gave lGlb and d'beatinet' unless upset thereby. .The immediate effect of Iho race caused Mayonaise and Ariadne to change places in th» Oaks bottiug.and 2 to 1 was so greedily snapped up. ibout the former that 0 to '1 becamo the highest offer nftorwards In the absenco of Lupullus and Thormanby, Emily' malgrc a. penalty, waa nmdo a 'hot'un' for tho Twow old Plate, for which Rcatos, Predictor, and ono or two othors wore nlso fiinciod. Hero again the Fates were unpropitious, and tho 51b extra telling visibly on so sovore a finish, tho favourito had to succumb to Lord Stamford's good-looking colt by Pelion out of Terma gant (rlddon by Bartholomew), who thus inaugurated his lordship's winning career, and from tho spirit with which ho has entered upon turf pursuits, wo tru3t tho present may bo the forerunner of many futuro successes. Bartholomew was most warmly congratulated on all sides upon this turn to n long run of ill hick, nnd wo heartily join in the well wishes which wero expressed towards him by many of tho turl's most influential sup. porters. At tho samo timo it grieves us to stato that tho sorvices of such nn admirable jockoy aro not likely again to bo availaole, as tho difficult}' in reducing him solf to 8at 71b will pi event ' poor Ben' attempting to great a risk hereafter. The winner was bred, by Mr. R. Stcphenson, at Nowmarkot, who sold him aud another yearling, by Pelion out of Fear, to Lord Stamford for 600 guineas. Mr. Stcphenson has a ycarlini colt out of Termagant by Surplice, and n colt foal by King Tom, aud tho maro ho3 this year revisited Polion. Tho meeting finished far better than it com menced, the comparison between tho first and last day being docidedly in favour of tho latter, although tlia main interest was removed by the non-starting of Pro mised Land for tho Nowmarket Stakes, which brought out threo runners only, via., Comforter, Sir Hercules, and Phantom. Tho former, a coarse, long-backed, com mon looking horse — was mado tho favourito, on the strength of somo support awarded to him overnight for ? tho Derby, togother with his having tho honour of stable acquaintanceship with tho winnorof tho One Thousand j but, instead of proving a Comforter to his backers, h* turned out tho ' duffer' his appearance indicated. Phantom ran a much liotter horso than in tho Two Thou sand, for which it now appears ho was disappointed by falling on to his head at starting, and thero aro plenty still to back him for the Derby at 83 to 1. Boyond the defeat of Lifeboat and Blue Jacket by Killigrow in tha T.M.M. Handicap, tho remainder of the racing, for which a couplu of Mr. Harlan's Amorican importations— Lin- coln and Cincinnati — -nade thoir ' acclimatising' debut, does not call for remark. X,nte«t I-crl»y Jtettlss.fr. fi to 2 ngst Promised Land 30 to 1 agst Volcnno (tk) (tk) 3} to 1 „ Enflcld (tk) i to 1 „ Musjid (tk) 33 to I „ Reynard (tk) 12 to 1 „ Electrlo (tk) 33 to 1 „ Phantom 13 to I „ Marionette ]tk) -0 to 1 „ SchulofT (tk) 20tol „ Ticket -of- Leave BOtol „ Slcrryman (off) (tk) CO to I „ Acta»n(U) 23 to I „ Cavendish (tk) 50 to 1 „ Balnumoor (of!) 22tol „ Gamester (ofTJ 60 to 1 „ Gleulnccoolt(lk) 25 to 1 „ Trumpeter (tk) 60 to 1 „ Gallus (tk)' 30 to 1 „ Old Itobcrt (tk) 100 to I „ Nunrod (off) sotol „ Glcnbacfc (tk) Tho Oalu. 6 to* agat Mayonalao ftk) 13 to 1 Bj;str.,'yKlnRJdcn(tk) Otol „ Arladno (tk) jo to I „ Castanctto (tk) 10 to 1 ,, Kosabel (tk) 20 to 1 „ Wild I(oi« (tk) Very littlo bottinr'. xiie itrivct. Tna Championship.— -Agrooably to appointment, Tom Sayors, nttondod by his baoker, appeared last month at tho offioo of Bell's Life in London, to moot tho eentlemnn who had Btakod a pony for tho Unknown to fight him for tho Championship- Tho first question, Df oonrso, that was put by tho Champion wai, ' Who Is your man J' To whioh tho only roply ho got was— that his name could not bo dis-Joned nt present. Tin, of courao, declined to ontor intj an ongajroraent which would onablo his oppononts to havo as ninny mon as they choose in training at onoo, nnd pick tbo best on tho day. A gojd daal of discussion took placo, which onded in a propoaitlon that the Unknown shiuld bo prorlucod, bo that Hayers would bo ablo to identify him on tho day. To this Tom assented, and in a few minutes the backor of tho now aspirant produced his hero, who turnod ont to bo certainly an unknown, ond, judging from his «p poaranco, a thoroughly untriod man. lip stands about six fcot high, is romarkibly ' tbiu through.' has littla or no flhoulder, and his general boariug and look was bo mook, and soft, that tho idoa of his over' making a Champion caused an involuntary smllo on ovory conn tonance. Having boon trottod out; tho would-bo ' ooming man ' was takon away by his Msntor, who then roturnod, and a discussion ouauod m to tho -ky ot fighting. Toin'a baokor having njoortained thnt Bob Brettlo would not alter tho day fixod for his fight, pro posed to fight throfl months nftor that event, a proposi tion which was rejected by the backer of tlio Un known, who oppoolod as to whether Sayors waa not bound to fight; his nun in six mouths. O£ coumo the answor was in tho affirmative, and it ws.s at first insistod on tho lottor of the law boing . obaervod, aa Sayora would havo n month after his bittle with Brottlo ia recover himself. On being pressod, howover, tho unknown party oonsontod to givo anothor month; nnd artioles wore thon drawn up, by whioh Bayer j and the Unkuown a»reo to fight. f-.r L2D0 a aido and the bolt, according' to thornlos of tho P.B.-V. Tho fight to corno off on t'10 lSbh'of Kovombor, on tho homo oirouit L25 a stilo waa Btakod, nnd a mooting appointed for Wednesday, Jurto 7th, at Alco Koono'a, toatakoan additional L25 a side. A tos3 for tho last dopoait waa won by Sayors. Thoso preliminaries aettloil, tho baokors of tho Unknown withdrew. Tbo rumouTs aa to tbo Unknown hoing'a myth, havo beon again ronowod, and partlos professing to know ovory thing doolaro that tho mat oh Iim boon ooncootcd by tbo backers r.f SnycrB to uivo him timo aftor hit fight with Brettle, and leave him only ono opponont (Aaron Jodjib) to diaposo of buforo olaiining tliu bolt as his own pr'jporty ; and wo ate aasurod that at tho last momont tho Unknown will bo nan est, and Sayers'a baokorB will rocoivo the so callod forfeit, but which, iu reality, will bo thoir own inunoy. Such acouutious as theao arc easily made, but it is diillcult to provo or disprovo thorn. All wo can do U to allude to them, so that it may not be imagined thoy osoapo our nutice. As wo havo said boforo, wo do not boliovo Tom Sayora oapablo of such oonduoi, and wo fcol oertain ho would rather fight all coiuom for tho uoxt throo yoars than allow nuoli n suapiolou to rest upon him, and wo shnll oontcnt ourselves on tho presont oocasion by beRging Win— when ho meets tho Unknown \--aa ho values hia reputation, to get himself jdst us fit as though ha ha'l to meet ns good u ram as himself, so thai ho may not inour such risks as ho rau with hid Into opponont. As to the Unknown— if ho roally moans business — ho must put himself under somo ono capablo of imparting bouio knowlodgo to him, nnd toacbinE him what it is to bo knookod about, (or it is our firm bolief that at presout he ia as much unknowing as'inkuown. As soon as tho above business was settled tha baukorsof Sayors staked L50 to mntoh Tom nsraimt Aaron Jouob, according to his ohallengo, for tho largor sum of I/'OO » side, tho match to ooino ofTin six mouths nftor the fight with tho Unknown. Tom says ho will fight Jones lor this sum win or loio with Brottlo aud tho Uukucwn. Of oourso, if he ia fortunate euouijU to win, the halt to go with tho battlo inonoy. Acoordlng to promiso, Heonan, tho Boniola Boy, f-r- wardod LSI) to tii.ll's Life in L-mdon, to mako n uiatoh with Tom Snyora for' tho olmmoion»hip. Human'* chnlloiiBo is thus worded :— ?? Now York, April -5th, 1850—1, John C. Iloenan, of tho city of Wost Troy, Uuitod States of America, horoby challongo Thomas Sayors, tho Champion of England, to fight moiuBix montliB from hia rcooption of this ohallcugo, or from tho datoof thofiratdopositundoritfor l'wo Hundred Pounds and tho Champion's Belt. Thought totakoplaooiiearLon don (England), and to bo govomed by tho rulos of tlio London prlro ring.— John O. IIKUNA.N,' Tom Savers ropliod as follows: — 'Sir, — In nuBWor to Hoonans ohallengo tti fight me for L200 and the champion's belt, I bog tu Inform him that I oaunot now aocept it, a3 boing matohod to fight tho Unknown I shall not bo ab llborty to mako afrosii inatoh till I h-.ivo won tint fiu»t. That Is ono roaaon why I ihnll not fi^ht tho Bonlola Boy at proaont. Anothor loason is I havo oommnnieiMa to Aaron Jonos, through tho tnodlum of your Journal, that I would accept hia challongo to fight him fur LWO a sido and tho bolt, and I must wait hia rofusal borora outorlng into frosh arraugomouta, as havlne fought him twioo I fool bound to givo him tho vhaueo of ns|-irlng to the noblo honour of fighting for tho ohamplonaUip or England. Should Aaron Bay cay, I will thon try and come- to terniB with Hoonan aud mako a mitoh aoooru Ing to hia original challenge — I remain, sir, your ob» dient servant.— Ton 8ATUUS, Champion of England. 