TH ^CATHOLIC AND PROTESTANT -VERSIONS OF THE BIBLE. A LECTURE BY BISHOP O'CONNOR.OF ? PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA. A Lecture on the above subject wna delivered on Sunday, evening, June 30th, at the City Assembly Rooms, Broadway, New York, by Bishop O'Connor, of- jPittsburgh, to an immense audience. Long be fore Right Rev. Lecturer made his appearance the building was crowded to its utmost capacity. The proceeds are to be devoted to the benefit of the Pittsburgh Cathedral, which, it will be remembered, was destroyed by flte, at the instance, as is supposed, ef the Know Nothings, some two years since. The Slight Rev. lecturer was greeted with loud applause, V7incn was repeated several times during the de livery of his discourse. The Right Rev, Bishop commenced by saying : The great mass of Protestants, though never avow ing it in words — not even' formally, I am sure, ae l| knowledging it to themselves — would seem to en : tertain, and to act on the conviction, that the English Version of the Bible, which they use, came down from Heaven, polished and prepared in its present form in all its details. For them it is the Word .of God. They will brook no opposition to it. They cannot understand the possibility of its being rejectedicj.n any'other ground than want of faith in the Scriptures. And as for rejecting it through respect for the Scripture, through love and zeal for the integrity and purity of God's written Word, they look upon the thing as almost paradoxical. Yet the identity of the Scriptures — of those truly entitled to the name — with the version they use, is far from being a matter of course. Though God has provided the food by which the body is nourished, yet before it is fit for the palate and ?tomach much preparation is necessary. This not unfrequently unfis it for the very purpose for which it was intended by the Common Father. . Sometimes poison is added and it appears delightful to the eye and agreeable to the palate, yet carries death to the system which it was calculated to nourish. In like manner, what men of God, in spired by the Holy Ghost, committed to writing must unde'rgo many changes before it is prepared for the world : while in itself perfect, in this process it becomes compounded with by the work of erring man.. The last results frequently bear the impress of his weakness, his ignorance, his prejudices, and his errorB— nay more, it is made at times the instrument of his malice, being perverted to diffuse under a divine garb the fancies of his own brain, the corrupt designs of his own heart. The subject of his lecture would he to show the spirit in which the work of translation had been conducted during tho last three centuries. We should see how far the versions produced were subject to the charges he hinted at. He thought he should be able to satisfy the audience that the anxiety of the Catholics for the exclusive use of their own version, among their own people, was not, as some imagined, without good ground ; that their objection to certain other versions was net only con sistent with, but a necessary result of, loyal attach, ment to the pure Word of God. A correct transla tion of any book should bo an accurate transfer — as the word implies— of what is contained in one language into another ; it should clothe tho same ? ideas in other words ; neither more nor less than iB contained in the original should be found in it. If the original, was ambiguous, the translator could not select one .of its meanings in preference to anotlier, without'beiiig a commentator. If an am biguous sentence was inserted, a positive injury might be done. If the translator modified the sense to suit his own views he became a downright im postor. Tho popular opinion to which he had alluded arose from ignorance of the difficulties that beset the translator. Many imagined that because the words bread, water, and the like, correspond in every tongue, the translator of a book has nothing moro to do than to substitute tho words of one language for words of equivalent meaning in another. Words, particularly the most important ones, did ' not always coincide in their meaning ; words of a doubtful import must be replaced by Chose of fixed meaning;, and a choice must be made by the trans lator of words which will bo intelligible and which ho considers to have their meaning. A whole change must be frequently given to the form of a lentencc, which was often done witli tho best inten tions, but the translation necessarily bore the im press of the mind and of the opinions of the translator. Ho should merely allude to a special difficulty in making a correct translation of the Sacred Scrip tures — that of procuring correct copies of the origi nal. We have neither tho original productions themselves, nor copies that could be relied upon. Catholic and Protestant critics had devoted much labor, and skill in comparing the various readings found in different copies. Omitting those of little or no consequence, several thousands remained of greater or less importance between which it was dif ficult, and sometimcH impossible, to say which was correct. It w.;s true, and he made the remark with piide, that the number of those readings not only did not affect the truths of faith, but afforded a pow erful argument in favor of the purity of the text, and of the truth of tho substance of the narrative; yet they were frequently of great importanee, as everything affecting tho accuracy of the sacred text must be. The best critics allowed that tho. words, ' For.Thine is the power and glory,' fee, after the Lord's prayer in Matthew vi., was an in terpolution.' These readings frequently affected tho *?' proof of tho most important dogmas. He referred to tho subject for purpose of protesting against the notion that tho Hebrew or Greek text found in our printed copies is tho stand. point and only reading ?f to which all versions must conform, as well as to ?'!'. protest against the idea that a text correct in all de taih in the original, or in the different versions, is within the reach of every one. Far more serious were the variations which arise from the bias of the mind of the translator, when consciously or unconsciously he makes tho text reflect his own private opinions. In endeavouring to show how far this had been done by Protestant translators, he would first refer to examples drawn from the old English translations, now abandoned by our separated brethren, or from versions of other countries differing from theirs. By this course ha should be able to illustrate a principle of tho gieatesl importance, without occupying the potitiou of an nssuilaut of what was prized bo dearly by those among whom we live. Nay, in any condemnation which he should call for, justice would entitle him to their sympathy. Having disposed of the more ancient production!, he would consider the versions commonly in use among Pro testants of 'this day and of this country. It was a common idea amongst thorn that the spread of the Reformation in the sixteenth century was duo to ? the translation and use of tho Biblo in the common tongues. Without examining this in other points of view, ho would undertake to show that the Biblo used ill the early days of the Reformation was in tentionally norvcxted for tho purpomj of giving currency to preconceived errors. This could be proved by men ocoupying positions in the reformed churches themselves. ' . ' Luther' translated tho Bible which Zuinglius denounces as corrupt. He said — 'Thou corruptest the Word of God, oh 1 Luther ; and thou seetnest to he a manifest per verterof the Scripture. How mi'ch ore we ashamed of thee, oh! Luther, to be such a' man.' Another learned Protestant divine, Lcusdcn, said of Luther's version, ' It is full of faults,' and the Synod of Dort formally condemned the Dutch version, and ordered a new one to be made from the original . The spirit in which he made his translation may be seen in the language he used when convicted of wilful interpolation : ' So I will, so I command; let my will stand for the reason,' was his bold reply. ' The word alone must remain in my New Testament, though the Papists run mad.' GScolampadius and other divines mitde a transla tion rlso, but Beza said of it, ' It is in many cases wicked and differing from the wind of the Holy Ghost.' The same great scholar calls the transla tion of Castallio wicked, and Mollineus said of Galvin, ' That he makes the text of tho Gospel' to leap up and down, and uses violence to the letter of the Gospel, and, besides, adds to the text.' Beza himself made .a translation, which ^exercised a powerful influence on the various Protestant translations made afterwards. .Of, him Mollineua .said he actually changed the text. M'Knight, a learned biblical scholar, said of him, ' That he had mistranslated a number of texts for the pur pose, it would seem, of establishing his peculiar doctines and confuting his opprnents. Nevertheless, Beza having acquired great fame as a -linguist and divine, men who afterwards translated the New Testament were too much swayed by hia opinions.' It would be superfluous to produce arguments to prove the estimation in which the early English translations were held by the Protestants them, solves, when they had time to examine them. The fact of a new ono being required and adopted in 1011 is sufficient proof of their distrust in the former one, for it was not through a desire for a more elegant composition that this was undertaken. It was tho result of strong and continued remon strance on the part of the ministers and the people, who declared the version they possessed to be incor rect and corrupt. The ministers of the diocese of Lincoln declared the version in common use to be absurd and senseless, perverting in many cases the sense of the Holy Ghost. Brotighton, whom Strype called the greatest scholar in Hebrew of his day, said the published translation of the Scriptures per verted the Old Testament in 84-8 places, and caused millions to reject the New Testament, and run to eternal flames on this ground. He demanded that a new one be compiled.. It was true that this crim ination and recrimination were the result of their idea, that the versions they condemned were calcu. lated to injure the systems to which they were res pectively wedded. But this only proved what, he was endeavouring to establish, that they were made for, and calculated to foster, sectarian views.' But he would now pass from general statements and enter into details, and see how the gentlemen alluded to twisted and perverted and corrupted the sacred text. All were acquainted with the addition made by Luther to the words of St. Paul to the Ro mans, 3rd chap. 28th verse: 'We account a man,' said the Apostle, ' to be justified by faith without the works of the law.' He is made by Luther to say ' by faith alone,' or to follow the order qf tho German, ' alone by faith.' -It was in defence of this word alone that he made his apologetic expres sions already quoted. The paBBage was thus trans lated to establish the doctrine of the sufficiency of taith alone for justification. The Rt. Rev. Bishop did not admit that Buch a consequence flowed from it. Man was justified without the works of the law, and without any other works that he could perform before receiving the gift of faith. Could he by works of his own strength merit grace, it would be no longer grace. Such was the doctrine of the Ca tholic Church, The Apostle did' not condemn workB performed in faith and through faith; It was unnecessary to quote the passages where an eternal reward was promised to such works, or to show that other dispensations were necessary. ' Unless you do penance, you shall all likewise perish.' ' Unless a man bo born of water and the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter the kingdom of Heaven.' Repentance therefore and love are ac cessary to our reconciliation with God. The Apostlo said we were justified by faith, because faith is the first essential disposition for this purpose. It was, as the Council of Trent said, ' the fountain and root of justification.' It was a common thing in the Scriptures, as in ordinary conversation, to attribute an effect to one, and especially to the prin cipal one of many causes. But why should Luther insert the word alone ? It was evidently done to deceive the unguarded, and make them believe the new dogma was contained in the very words of Scripture. Yet this unwarrantable addition, which no other Protestant version he was acquainted with had adopted, remained in the German Protestant translations, circulated at the present day in this and other countries. In the famous text 1 Tim., 2d chapter and Sth verse: ' There is one God, and one mediator of God and men.' Ho found the French Protestant translation, printed in 18-13 by the Bible .Society of Paris, inserting the word only, making it ' one only mediator.' The French translator interpolated the word only. In the sense in which Christ is mediator there cannot be more than one, while it was admitted in principle by c.11, that there are other mediators, if not in Heaven, at least.oii. earth, in the same sense in which Catholics admit of what is called tho mediatorship of creatures. This passage, notwithstanding tho boastful use made of it, presented no difficulty to Catholic doctrine. Was' ,not such tampering with Holy Writ truly shameful f The reformers, in setting up a new religion, found it necessary to resist and separate themselves from tho whole church— it was a bold undertaking. It was as much opposed to the instincts of the Christian people as to the Sacred Scriptures, to suppose that Christ could have abandoned His Church, and let her become for ages the mother of abomination. He himself built His Church and promised ' that the gates of hell should never prevail against it.' Ho became the head of this Church. Hu loved it and delivered Himself up for it, that he might sanctify and cleanse it by the laver of water in the word of life, that he might present it to Himself a j glorious Church, not having a spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and j without blemish. The Apostle did not hesitate, both on account of his constancy . and her fidelity, to ' present the union of tho Church with Christ as o ' model of tho unity which should exist between husbands and wives. If the Church were destined to becomo faithless and adulterous, she would not have been chosan by Him as such a model. It was ' necessary to blot out the great promises from Holy ' Writ in order to conceal the sacrilegious character ! of tho work proposed by tho reformers. The words '' of Christ no longer read, ' Upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it:' they became, ' Upon this rock wjll I build my congregation.' Tho communion of Christ with His Church became a communion with His congregation. It was a glorious congregation that He presented to Himself. Notwithstanding the reasons alleged to justify the translation, the word congregation had already a definite and limited mean ing. . The promises of Christ were therefore frittered away, and the people were forced to seek some inter pretation which excluded the great plan adopted by God to communicate to man the knowledge of the Gospel. This translation subserved another purpose. It was calculated to form a new theory regarding the authority of congregations .\a distinct from their pastors. Christ was made to command the people to bring their complaints before the congregation, ' And if he will not hear the congregation, let him be to thee as a heathen and a publican.' In some passages, for instance Acts, 14th chap., 22nd verse, where it was said Paul and Barnabas 'liad ordained for them priests in every Church,' it was made to read ' They had ordained elders for them by election in every congregation.' And in a French transla tion it yet read ' they had estahlished elders in every Church by the advice of the meeting.' As the pre sent authorized Protestant version, with the excep tion .of retaining the word ciders, has given jip this tampering, and these additions, an tl adopted our version, it. could be seen at once how unwHSjiintable wastheir insertion. The Catholic doctrine of the vene ration of images was one of the points assailed, and pictures and sta'tues were destroyed with a zeal that would have done credit to the Jews of the strictest Beet. The principles and practices of Protestants in this respect were now softened down to the dic tates of common sense. They had coma back to the Catholic Church, in this respect they made images; aye, and they respected them, too. For what other purpose were they made but through respect for those whom they represent. It mattered nothing by what name thtt respect were designated ; whether the knee be bent, or the head be bowed, or a respectful glance be cast. The internal act which was expressed by these was essentially the same ; the war could be kept up against us only by first misrepresenting our tenets and then attacking the phantom that had been raised. But the reformers in their Iconoclastic war,' against all and every use of statues and sacred pictures, by adroitly inserting the word image into certain passages for idols, as in the 2d of Corinthians, 6th chap, and 16th verse, and 1st John, 'cbap v., 21st verse. The first was made to read, ' how. agreeth the temple of God with images.' This answered the purpose of the reformers' wonder fully when they undertook to break down and cast out of the church the images of Christ and His saints amidst the excitement of the mob whom they had maddened with this cry. The second passage was made to read, 'Babes keep yourselves from images.' This was written unscrupulously on the walls of the churches to warn the faithful against a returning to their former practices. It would take too long if he were to dwell upon the many tenets upon which the Scripture were made to speak against dogmas and Sacraments — Baptism and the Holy Eucharist. He would allude to but a few in stances of this kind. The old translations carefully retain the words tradition where it is spoken with con demnation ; whereas when it is spoken of with praise, though the same Greek word is used, instead of tra dition they used the word instructions and ordinances. Such is the case in 2d Thes., 2d chap., 14th verse, and 3d chap, and 6th verse. Tradition Wai thus destined to become odious. The word 'Altar,' which implies sacrifice, just as the word boat or ship means a thing to float on the water, was changed to 'table.' After referring to several other passages in which the meaning of the original text was perverted in the ' old version,' the Right Ror. Bishop proceeded to speak of the present Protestant translation known as King James's version, which, he Eaid, was pub lished in 1611, by order of King James I,', of Eng land, upon the truth of which millions of our coun trymen stake their salvation. He would not speak of its merits as a piece of English composition. It took up and gave predominance to the Anglo-Saxon type, which modern scholars value so much, and are so anxious to reproduce. Whatever its merits are in this respect, they are no compensation if it be found wanting in faithfulness — in presenting in their purity the oracles of God. Having corrected many of the ancient errors, it is not subject to all the charges made against them. Bui he thought he should be'able to satisfy them that manyothers re mained, and where flagrant corruptions are 'not found, a bent is given to the text, making it conform to the peculiar views of the translators. He would begin with passages with regard to which the truth of his remarks would be verified by the copies in circulation amongst Protestants. In tho 1st of Corinth., 9th chapter and Sth verse, the Apostle says, ' Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other Apostles, and as the breth. ren of the Lord and Cephas?' This would seem to imply that the Apostles actually, had wives, and that St. Paul claimed the right of having one, if he thought proper.' He need not tell them that the Church selects her ministers only from those who bind themselves to perpetual celibacy. Tho original word gunaika, which is translated wife, primarily meant woman. It might indeed mean wife, but this was a restricted moaning, and thero should be something in the context to require re strictions before its use in that sense could be warrantable. A practice prevailed among the Jows to tako women with them to minister tpjtlwr.wanrs. A number followed our Lord himself as will as the Apostles. It was to this the Apostle evidently referred, to avoid tho most remote breath of scandal. In other Protestant versions, in Acts, 1st chapter and 14th verse, the Apostles were said to be in prayer with the ' wives ;' but here tho author, ized version had changed the word back to ' women.' So manifestly is this translation un necessary, that in the margin of many Protestant editions we find a note opposite ' wife,' saying, 'or woman,' thereby confessing that this is a proper term. But if it were even admissible, why not trust to its natural force, and not foist its sectarian view into the text? In Heb. 13th chap, and 4th verse, tho Protestant Bible readR, ' Marriage it honourable in all.' This, too, is quoted against Catholic discipline. In tliie passage tho word it is confessedly an addition ; its being printed in italics was evidence that it was an addition ; that it ivas not a necessary and proper addition. might tie proved from the context itself. The next verse mad, ' Let your conversation be without covetous ness j' thero the words let, your, and be were italicised, which was evidence that they also wera additions. The meaning of these two passages was distorted, for the verses immediately preceding them showed that the whole paragraph was an exhortation. Why, then, should the translation be made to express an affirmation, unless it'was done for certain purposes ? In Hebrews 10th chap, and 38th verse, the Pro testant version reads : ' The just liveth by faith, but if aay man shall draw back iny soul shall huve no pleasure in him.' .The .words 'any. man' are. italicised, which is an admission that they have been added by the translator. A cursory reader 'might BUpposc that they made no great, differenoe, but they had an essential bearing on the doctrine of the in admissibility of Grace. The text literally translated would read, ' The just shall live by faith, but if he draw back my soul shall have no pleasure in him.' Thus is implied the possibility of the person who lived by faith afterwards drawing back and incurring the divine pleasure. Tho ' drawing back' referred to a different subject, and this destroyed the whole text. He then quoted Campbell, Adam Clark, the great commentator, and others who condemn severely this rendering of the text. Every one was familiar with the denunciation of the Latin tongue in our public Liturgy. And in condemnation of it is commonly quoted the 1st of Corinthians, chap. 14, wheie the display of an 'un- known tongue' in the assemblies of the faithful was condemned by, the Apostle, and yet it would hardly be believed that the word 'unknown' has been wantonly added, as the italics in which it is printed are an admission that it has. This admitted addition was found to occur no less than five times in this ' chapter— in the 4th, 13th, 14th, 19th and 27th verses. The addition of so important a word was certainly unjustifiable. The object proposed by the addition was well understood by its 'use. He had already stated that words and phrases' were sometimes capable of various meanings, of which one must be selected by the translator. It was at times necessary for the translator to be guided by the analogy of faith in order that he might select a meaning conformable to the doctrine of revelation. One who had formed a theory on this subject would naturally be influenced by it in his selection. It was a matter of choice which depended upon his view of the original. He had no doubt that in this way the high predeslinarian views of the English Protestant version had been very much strengthened by the frequent use of (he word shall rather than will, which was evidently a matter of choice and depended on the translator's opinion of the meaning of the original. A text translated under influences of this kind is likely to receive a secta rian bent. Words indicative of office, had in all language an application, understood in the commu nities for which such offices are created ; and it 1 would be absurd to make the powers, the rights, or the duties of those who hold them depend upon the etymology of such names. There are in the Church persons who hold certain offices, called by the names of Deacons and Priests, set apart by the imposition of hands. We found also Bishops whom the Holy . Ghost had placed to rule the Church of God. The literal meaning of these words is Servant, Elder, »nd Overseer. In the Greek they are Diaconos, Prtt byferot, and Episcopos, agreeing with the Saxon Bis cop. He showed that these words were interpreted wrong ; the words had several meanings in the seve ral senses in which they should be taken, but in relation to the Church they had but one meaning. The word Servant would be a ridiculous one to in dicate the office of a Deacon. The word OverBeer as indicating a Bishop is equally improper. Tn the very passage in which it is used this was apparent It would take him too long were he to relate all the passages that were made to suit the peculiar views of the translators. Many were now restive under the present one. The Baptists would like to blot out the word baptism and insert immersion in its stead. If they could bring this about, the contro versy about baptism might be said to be closed. If that were done it would be a counterpart of turning Priest into Elder and Bishop into Overseer. It would be amusing, if it were not terrible, to witness how many if not all the great passages regarding the divinity of Jesus Christ, and the Triune God, disappear under the pen of another set of transla tors. Any one acquainted with their steps knows how many specious arguments can be deduced to fritter down almost any passage. He should merely glance at a few more passages in the common Protestant version. He would not dwell on the insertion of the word Image in the translation of the commandments in the 20th chap ter of Exodus, and tho use of the words, ' bow down to them.' He would merely remark that while giving it a certain direction, the word limits the commandment, which refers to all graven things as well as images, while the words ' bow down,' by giving an etymdlogical meaning, would make it refer to a mere ceremony and not to the adoration that can be directed to God alone. Christ, speak ing of a certain virtue, said, ' all do not receive this word,' and the Apostle, on the same subject, says, ' If they do not contain themselves let them marry. King James's version reads, ' If they cannot contain themselves,' which implies the impossibility of practising celibacy, and favors those priests who at the Reformation took to themselves wives. In 1st Corinth., 2d chap., verse 27, it was said, 'Whosoever shall eat this bread, or drink the chalice of the Lord unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and of the blood of the Lord.' Catholics were in tlie habit of appealing to this to prove the propriety of the use of either element. Instead of this it is translated in the Protestant ver sion — evidently to do away with the force of tho argument — 'Whosoever shall eat or drink un worthily,' &c;, a change for which I am unable to see an appearance of a justification. It is made in the Protestant version to serve a most important purpose, in relation to the Lord's Supper, as in Matthew, 26th ohap. and 2Gth verse. As they were eating, it was said, ' Jesus took bread and blessed it and brake it and gave it to his disciples and said) Take eut, this is my body.' The word it is itali cised in each place, and is therefore admittedly an addition to the translation. He need not undertake to prove it. It might seem of little consequence, but it naturally led the reader to believe that not only when He took it it was bread, but that it re mained bread when He blessed and brake it, and gave it to the disciples. The original, literally translated would read, 'Jesus took bread and biassed and brake and gave to his disciples and said, Take eat, this is my body.' A strict ad herence to this reading would show that what he took was bread, but the remarkable omission of noun or pronoun would seem to require a suspense of judgment as to the. nature of that which was broken and given to the disciples — the words He used immediately after telling them what it was — 'This is my body' — tho contrary effect produced . by tho addition of it would be neutralized. The insertion of the word it, referring back to the bread, not only destroys the force of this reflection, but makes the Evangelist designate as bread what was given io the disciples, and goes far towards giving an anti- Catholio meaning to the text. The reader of the Protestant version is thus led by this small interpolation to an auti-Catholio conclusion by what they are pleased to call the pure Word of God. If the translation of a will or any other doci. ment from a foreign language were taken before a Court of Justice, and faults were proved to exist in it such as I have pointed out to you, by and in favor of the parties who produced it, would not the whole document be thrown out of Court, and a new translation, ordered ? Should; the (Testament.of our Lord and pur God alone be jso, abused, and they who refuse to receive it in such a form be described as its enemies. Do not speak to me of versions without' note or comment. There are no such things to be found ; and, above all, King James's— the one in common use among Protestants now-a.days — is not such a version. It not only contains the trans lator's views where choice is unavoidable, but rit goes out of its way, with wanton additions, false translations, and admitted interpolations, to .make the text speak the sectarian, views , of its authors; and when Catholics object to its use, will men. not find in their objeotions rather. a proof of loyalty to the truth, instead of opposition, as is represented by many. Our poor separated brothren read this version mistranslated, as I have shown you, which throws a veil over the oracles of God, and distorts their meaning, and yet imagine that in doing so they are in communication with Heaven itself; while at the mercy of King James's translators, although in their graves, they think they are only asserting Christian liberty by resisting the interpretation of the Church of Jesus Christ — the Church that was established by God for the purpose of doing this, and to which Christ said in the persons of its first pastors : ' He that heareth you heareth Me ; he that despiseth you despiscth Me; and he that des piseth Me despiseth Him that sent Me.' He said it was now time to speak about the Ca tholic versions. There was an idea afloat that the translation of the Bible into the common languages was due to the Reformation, yet this was an untruth which did little credit to those who propagated it. Not one but several translations were published of the Bible in Germany, France, Italy and other countries before tlie Reformation was dreamt of. He himself took notes of several in the Italian languge, which .ho fonnd in the public library of the Protestant city of Stuckhart, in Germany. He must, how ever, confine himself to the English version pub lished at Rheims in 1582, and the Old Testament at the English College at Donay in 1610. Hence the names of Douay and Rhemish Testaments. To form a proper idea of this it was necessary to go back to the Latin Vulgate version, which it was in tended to reproduce for the English reader. This had been in use from the earliest ages and received the highest sanction from the Council of Trent. It was objected to the Douay version that it was a translation of a translation, that it was subject to a double set of mistakes. The remark had only an apparent force. It might have some were each an ordinary one. Were we to translate from a transla tion without being able to look at the original, the old mistakes might remain and new ones be com mitted ; but when a translator used a translation of the highest value, and when both the translation and the original were before him, the imperfections and obscurities of each were removed; and when the reading of the original was doubtful, probably lost, and the meaning of words was uncertain, as was the the case frequently with regard to the Old and New Testaments, it was invaluable to have a version in a language better known, made in a day when the ori ? ginal was better understood, and which received the highest sanction. To reproduce such, a version as faithful as possible, was more useful than to attempt to make a new one with less perfect means. The English, in the same manner as the Vulgate version, had been the model of many other trans lations, acting on the sam? principle, whish'had, in our case, a more worthy application. The theologians of the' Douay College translated into English the old Latin Vulgate version, which is due to the labors of St. Jerorne, towards the close of the fourth century. The whole of the New Testament, and a great part of the Old, he merely revised from what was called the Italic version, the exact date of which is not known, but which is, certainly, not later than the beginning of the second century. Waltop says that it; probably existed from the beginning — even from the Apostles' days, and he mentions with respect the opinion of those who attribute it to one qf the Disciples. Any one acquainted with the character of Saint Jerome will admit that one could not be found more competent for this grand under taking. Thoroughly versed in classical literature, he applied himself with assiduous care to the study of the Hebrew and Chaldaic, under some of the most learned Jewish doctors who were then living — a man of the most austere piety, penetrated with the spirit of God, he studied and translated in prayer, and dived into the very depths of the meaning of the Divine Word. His work was not less the tesult of assiduous toil than of long and hearty prayer from a soul filled with God ; but the piety and learning of St. Jerome were not the only pledges of its accuracy. The teaching of those who are called Fathers in the Catholic Church was respected not merely on ac count of their own merits, they were what we call representative men. It was the fact of these works being hailed by the great and good men of their day, as an eehp of the faith of their times, that gives them weight and authority with us. It was thus with the version of St. Jerome ; his own learning and piety gave it a value which no writer of our day can aspire to. He said that the Council of Trent adopted St. Jerome's version as the standard one, and quoted many Protestant authors who speak highly of its merits. He said the authors of the Douay versions, though men of gigantic minds, having been forced to receive their education and live in a foreign land, did not give their work as much perfection in the purity of style as their English rivals brought up in the splendid universi ties which their Catholic forefathers had founded at home. But what was elegance of language com pared with purity aud value of truth ? The in spired writers of the New Testamont had used a language that was subject, more or less, to a similar charge, but who would undervalue their productions because they abound with Hebraism and other barbarisms of style ? The purity, and eloquence of their languagrwas far inferior to that of Sophocles and Demosthenes. Yet, such as they were, we should be glad to avoid the imperfections, and avail ourselves of the labours of the Douay translators. He said Archbishop Kendrick of Baltimore, who had already translated several books, was still continuing his labours, and the learned and polished Dr. Newman was also pre paring a new translation for the press. He then quoted passages from Scrivener, Kelto, and other Protestant Writers, who state that the Rhemish translators were never convicted of any wilful mistranslations, which -was something that all Catholics could be proud of — especially in view of the corruptions which the reformers lay to the charge of one another, and of which they stand not merely charged, but convicted. The Catholic ver sion is printed with notes and comments. Who will venture to blame them ? every sect has pub lished notes; when nut printed they are given out in the Sunday School and from the pulpit, and in the daily intercourse of life. I will venture to say that. no one reads,.or can read,- the most important doctrinnl passages without such comments being present to his mind. Is it not wise that the Chris, tian should know what meaning the Church attaches to the word of God. The learned Bloonjfield tells us that tho 3rd chap, and 20th verse of Ga latians had no less than 250 different interpretations; more than 100 different interpreta tions have been given by Protestants, to the simple words ' this is my body.' The most important passages in relation to the divinity of our Lord have been twisted ; can it be a crime, then, to make sure that the unlearned know what the Church look upon as certain amongst these con flicting interpretations. You now see what kind of Bibles are in circulation. Amongst those in circu lation the Catholic version is not as limited as it is imagined. Several editions of different size Bibles have been sold by the Sadliers, Dunigan & Bro., Donahoe, Commiskey aud others, amounting in all to several hundred thousand copies. The Right Rev. Prelate closed as follows : My object has been to show you in what spirit the work of translation has been conducted within and with . out the pale of the Catholic Church, and to give some reasons for our anxiety in adhering to our own version— to one made in an orthodox spirit. Though I have occupied your time much longer than T wished, the subject has been treated but briefly when we consider its importance. I trust, however, you will find in what I have said some good reason for adhering to the course we have adopted. On returning home after his duel with young O'Connoll, Lord Alvanloy gave a guinea to biB hackney-couohman who had driven him out and brought him back. The mnn, surprised at tho large ness of the sum, said ' My Lord, I only took Vou to ? ' ' My friend,' interrupted -Alvanwy, 'tho guinea is for, bringing mo back j not. for taking mo.'— Roger? Table Talk. A oorreepondence has arisen out of ,a . !usey,ite publication, oallod the Directorium Ang- . ?canttm. Many of tho clergy, of the diocese, of Ox jrd,. refuting Puseyito imputations lately cast, upon hem, say in an addross to tho Bishop of Oxford : ' -' Wo conceive from the extracts .we have seon ? rom it, that Mr. Purohas's book is a . very unwise nd mischievous publication. Wo .are strongly- . ipposed to. all attempts to alter in, any respects tho itual of .our reformed church, of which we .are, as . mr fathers were before us, Joyal , and affectionate ons. W,o are confident, from our oxporienee ,of 'our episcopal rule of fourteon years amongst .us, hat these are also your convictions and principles \ if action; and ninny of us know instances in vhioh, whore young and inexperienced men have . -een led in this direction, you have kindly but . Irmly restrained them and corrected their errors.' ChoBishop says in his reply : — ' You well know hat I have a jealous 'dread of evory Romanizing . iendency, and that I have not tho slightest sym- ? Dathy with thoso who wish to restore among us iuch a ritual os Mr. Purchas describes, — for that, in my opinion, such attempts both breed, on the 3iio side, in some weak minds a longing, first for ? the gorgeous ritual, and then for the corrupt doc trines of Romp, and on tho other tend far more widely to alienate our peoplo from sound Church. ol England principles, and give occasion to such ualumnies as these whioh you'have condemned. , . . Tho diocese is, I rejoice to beliove, indeed, the 'centre-' of a great 'movement.' But that movement is not Romeward. It is really a move ment towards that whioh Romanists have always found to be the strongest guard ngninst the intro* duction of their manifold corruptions — a move- ? mont towardsa heartier, more self-denying, moro- ., '- laborious, and more devout maintenance of true Chirch of England faith, and oarrying out of true Church of England practice both among our clergy and our laity.' TnE late Superioress op Notre Dame Content, Mount Pjceasant. — Thursday morning Maroh tho 26th, the mortal remains of the above respected lady were conveyed to thoir last resting place, in St. Oswald's Old Swan. Previous to tho removal of the body from the house of mourning, tho Very Rev. Provost Cookson sang a solemn requiem mass, assisted by tho Revs. J, Nugent ? and E. O'Reilly, with the Rev. Dr. RoBkell acting as master of ceromonies. Tho deceased was only forty-three- years of age, and her premature death is regretted by a large circle of the religious. Tha scholars attached to the schools have many reasons to mourn their loss, for the deceased was a lady of great intelleotual powers, and possessed of many endearing virtues. Though a native of Belgium ehe has been engaged in the education of tho poor of England since 1845 ; and what speaks volumes in her regard is, that her labours were crowned with singular sueceBa. At tho time of her death between three and four thousand poor little ones were receiving the benefit of education at tha hands of tho Sisters of Notre Dame. — Liverpool Daily Post. ' 