THE GROTTO OF LOURDES.. (From the Tablet.) It was not to be expected that the rumoured miraculous appearance of Our Lady at Lourdes would be welcomed in Protestant England with ac- clamations of joy, or an eager hope that the reality of the alleged apparition might pass the ordeal of an Ecclesiastical inquisition. The public taste in such matters is not that God should visit the poor and lowly, and, as of old, exalt the humble, sending the rich away empty, but rather that, enough of all that, sort of thing having been done more than eighteen hundred years back, the rich and the powerful should now have their turn, human science and reason should enter upon their kingdom, and the miracles of human industry and ingenuity, the iron steam horse or the electric cable, should in the new dis- pensation console and exalt the rich, and give power and glory to man, just as prayer, fasting, and alms giving humbled the soul of man and gave glory to God of old. But, if it would be possible to cast a miracle in any one type more unwelcome than another to make it least acceptable to a Protestant and a commercial public — it would be necessary i that Our Lady, the Queen of Heaven, and the Im- maculate Mother of God, should appear in it. This, if the wicked see, they will be angry. When the lion roars the meaner denizens of the forest tremble and utter piteous lamentations. At the sight of the hawk the sparrow loses the power of flight. Had these creatures the pride of men they would conceal their fears and even utter sounds of insult and bravado, but they would know their enemy and tremble in their hearts. And thus it is that England,which has hardly met her match in the field of war, trembles to hear that the Vicar of Christ has decreed that she shall form a Province of the Holy Roman Catholic Church, or that an exiled Pope has defined the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, or that the most exalted of God's crea- tures has appeared to two poor children in the Alps, or to an humble peasant girl in the Pyrenees. Protestant England has a voice which tells her all that she would like to hear, which clothes her pride and self-satisfaction with works, and utters the sar- castic insult and disdain which ill conceals her fears. This voice is the Times newspaper. We shall flatter, rather than annoy our contemporary, if we admit that it very fully represents, and well expresses, what is called 'public opinion' in England — that is, the feelings and wishes of the upper and com- mercial classes. It was the necessity of the moment, which if the Times had not recognised it would have ceased to be the Times, to ignore the rumoured appearance of our Lady at Lourdes, or to overwhelm it with de- nials, with reproaches, and with contempt. The rumour could not be altogether ignored, for the alleged facts had appeared in tlie Univers, and had raised a violent polemic in the French journals. Catholics and believers can write and print as well as Protestants and infidels, and the printing-press, the railway, and the steam-boat, as quickly and cer- tainly disseminate the pages of the Univers as of the Times. Late events, which have so much increased the power and prestige of France, have also insured some interest in, some notice of, whatever agitates the public mind there, or indicates the current of national teeiing. Amidst the jarring elements and the conflicts of parties and dynasties, the Church in France more and more widens her base aud consum- mates her power. Gallicanism has given up the ghost, and, though the battle between religion and unbelief still rages, the advantages and gains are on the side of the Church. These events have a poli- tical side and a material bearing, which have be come of more importance to England since the accession of the Emperor, the entente cordiale, the Russian war, the peace of Paris, and the completion of the arsenal and docks of Cherbourg. Every one of these events has swelled the importance of France in the eyes of Europe, and brought her nearer to England. The Times cannot ignore a reported miracle in the French Pyrenees if it attract public attention in France. But how must it treat it? The answer is plain — the event must be treated in accordance with the wishes and tastes of the Eng- lish public. Let us see how this is done, and try to get at the estimate formed by the Times of how much or how little of pride and infidelity is accept- able to its numerous readers. "In this country," says the Times, "we have a precise idea of a miracle, its occasion, its manner, and its object." Now if this country has this pre- cision of idea, and the Times not only knows that it has, but has the same precision of idea itself, it is a loss to theology not to have been more definite. The Times is read in France as well as in England, in benighted Catholic as in enlightened Protestant countries, and ought not, for the sake of science, to have contented itself with the assertion of the pos session of the precise idea — it ought also to have communicated it. That, which was not the object of the writer, has not been done, but what was the object is effectually secured. 'This country' is put into its right place, and the Protestant public are duly patted on'the back, and told that they are not as other men, nor even as those Frenchmen. They may have some idea of a public building in France. They may make their railways pay better than we can. They may have a notion of construct, ing a ship or a dock; nay, they may have been able to do something in jurisprudence, and the Code Napoleon may in some respects contrast favourably with our heterogeneous mass of undigested statutes ; but the question is one of theology, and in "this country wo have a precise idea of a miracle, its occasion, its manner, its object." We know Naaman the Syrian's 'precise idea' of the manner of a miracle, but we only know that the Times lias a precise idea of the manner. What we don't know is what that precise idea is. What makes this the greater loss to ourselves is, that we really have not this "precise idea" of the necessary occasion, object, or manner of a miracle. We should rather say that all these were infinite ; we know that they are very various. Naaman the Syrian used his contempo- raries better than the editor of the Times uses us. He had a precise idea, and told it. 'This country' has a precise idea, and the Times is its mouthpiece, and does not tell it. The Syrian was wrong in his 'precise idea,' and the theory of probabilities de- duces, from this one instance, that 'this country' and the Times may perhaps be wrong too. As to object and occasion, when one has been revealed, we are often left to guess the other. The 'occasion' of our blessed Lord's first miracle was a marriage feast. The consequences recorded, viz. — the manifestation of His glory, and that His dis- ciples believed in Him, suggest the object, but not to the exclusion of all others which were agreeable with them. In other cases no other consequences than the consummation, and what may be called the natural effect of the miracle, are recorded. We know of course that the object of any manifestation of divine power, like all the works of God, has for its object His greater glory ; and if this is what 'this country' and the Times mean when they assert the existence of their 'precise ideas,' we agree with them. Still we are very far behind them as to the 'occasion' and 'manner' of miracles, which they know so well. The Times continues :— ' With that idea (viz., the unexplained but precise idea) in our mind, we com pare such miracles as that which the Univers urges on our faith. They ure found wanting.' That is, the occasion, the manner, and the object are found wanting.' Not knowing the precise idea of the Times on these points, we cannot discuss them with any hope of shewing that the alleged circumstances of the apparition of Our Lady at Lourdes are con sistent with them. We may, however, plausibly allege, that if the 'precise idea' of the occasion', manner, and object of a miracle is at all founded on past experience of miracles, there is nothing in the alleged circumstances inconsistent with it. The prayers and alms-deeds of a poor peasant girl may have come up for a memorial before God, and this favour have been extended to her as a reward.' Her heart may have been inflamed by charity at an ap pearance which moves the scoffs and anger of the world. If no other effect had been produced, it is consistent with the most signal acts of the Divine charity if one faithful soul should have been brought into a closer communion with Him. The miracle may not be more acceptable to ' this country' if more public and apparently larger con sequences flow from it. If France rings with the miracle, and if the devotion to Our Lady, for which the country has long been honourably known, is confirmed and increased, it may rise to the dignity of an event with political or even commercial conse quences. It may withdraw the eyes of many from being so fully occupied with the things of this world, and lead to a holy indignation at the blasphemies against the Immaculate Mother of God which are uttered in this country with allowance and applause. It may lead the enemies of the Church and of social order to declare themselves, and thus draw closer the ties between the Church, the only stable institution which has,survived the shock of successive revolu tions, and the 'august ally' of some two years back — ' the great man who rules the destinies of France.' The more the Emperor of the French is strengthened in his domestic relations, the more clearly will the voice of France be heard on Euro pean questions ; and if the alliance between the tem poral ruler and the Church be confinned, foreign nations may be better protected than of late from the Protestant and political propagandism which has shaken Europe to her base. But if the Times has not communicated its precise idea, it has indirectly let us into full particulars of the occasion of its scoffs. 'If the miracles of the New Testament have their meaning and lessons, these new ones have none that we can see, except it be the presence of the Virgin Mary all over Catho lic countries in the capricious character of a pixie or a White Lady of Avenel.'*- We pass over the offensive style of the paragraph to point out how clearly it expresses the real grievance of these man ifestations of our Lady's patronage and protection of Catholic countries. Why, if this story of Her ap pearance at Lourdes be true, or if that other story of Her appearance at La Salette be true, it will not do, as the late Dean of Christchurch counselled, to think no more of her than of any other dead woman. The religion from which the Queen of Heaven is blotted out can never survive these appearances. Like poor benighted Catholic countries England must acknowledge Her, or else do what the Times does — scoff and mock at her, and Her prerogatives, whom all ages are to hail as ' blessed.' The Times has made its choice, but we venture to suggest that for the future they stick to denials, which they can season with mockery at discretion, but say nothing of 'precise ideas' which they cannot express, nor erect themselves into a tribunal to judge of the necessary occasion, manner, and object of any grace which God may accord to any place so far from the Royal Exchange as Lourdes, or to any of His servants so low and inconsiderable as a French peasant girl. 