COUNTRY DISTRICTS. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) JERUSALEM. TESTIMONIAL TO REV. MR. MARUM. A deputation wailed on. the Rev. Mr. Marum on Saturday afternoon, 11th inst., consisting of Messrs. Maguire, Bernard Fox, P. Dolan, John Lamb Esq., and Messrs. Horan and Casey to present the Rev. gentleman with an Address and Testimonial (a purse of £40) expressive of their respect and esteem for him personally and as a recognition of his labors in ad- vancing the interests- of the District morally and socially! Subjoined is the Address, which was read by Mr. Horan. ADDRESS REV. DEAR FATHER,--Your accep- tance of the accompanying purse of about £'40, which is a sincere offering of the af- fectionate hearts of your congregation, will be a source of much pleasure and consolation to us. We would fain have made it much larger and more in propor- tion to our esteem for your sacred charac- ter, and your zeal for our spiritual welfare, as well as to your general merits as a Prient of the Most High ; but it is to our limited means, and not our will that the presentation of so small a sum is to be ascribed. We, however, hope it will be sufficient to purchase a horse, and thus serve to enable vou to discharge your pastoral duties, and visit your flock w ith more ease and comfort to yourself, Wishing the Almighty may spare you long to preside over us, and that your health, which is so precious to us, may continuo to improve and be soon re-es- tablished, we beg to subscribe ourselves, Revd. Dear Father, Your Affectionate Parishioners, And Friends, Michael McGuire Bernard Fox John Lamb William Horan P. Dolan James Casey. The Rev. gentleman made the following REPLY. My dear friends,-I accept with pleasure and with gratitude your very kind address, and the handsome gift with which you accompany it. I receive both in the spirit in which I am sure they are offered, and so regard them, not as a mere piece of routine demanded by custom, but the sincere pledges of your kindness and sympathy for your pastor, and of your appreciation of his willing, humble efforts for your welfare, religious and social. Twelve months have not yet elapsed since I came amongst you, a brief period, but sufficiently long to convince me of the great kindness of most, and the worth of all. We have learned, I believe, to sin- cerely respect one another, and to be a stay and support to one another. Enough has been done to render patent the fact, that great things may anywhere be effected when priest and people go hand in hand, animated, as they should be, with but one aim, namely the glory of God, and their mutual welfare. Those who have witnessed our infant efforts here, and know of our narrow, straightened sphere, and see already our partially matured- growth, will acquit us of indulging in even a little excusable egotism; when we say that what has been done for Holy Church and the improve- ment of the district in this short period will contrast- advantageously with, the work done in any district of the Diocese similarly circumstanced. This, my dear friends, is a great fact ; but to what is it attributable? I am very far from ascribing it, believe me, to my own efforts, or indeed to any individual efforts. I am quite aware, and shall never lose sight of it, that some have been zealously and honorably prominent, in the good work; yet I must repeat that, the successful result is owing, not to in- dividual efforts, but to the combined, sustained, and harmonious action of the whole body. This is the secret of our progress. and, mark you; we must on no occasion over- look it this is the secret of any success that may have been achieved. Ácting singly we could be of no permanent use to each other : but united together, in purpose banded together as one rnan, we acquire a strength to which as individuals we could lay no claim; we possess a power, a moral power, aye, and exercise an influence beyond what even we ourselves imagine. On this occasion I must not omit refer- ring to the kind sympathy of many friends of other religious denominations; I have received many attentions at their hands, for which I will ever be grateful ; and now desire to convey to them the assurance of my warmest acknowledgements. Whilst each of us may have been zealous for those tenets we conscientiously hold, we have not ceased to respect one another less, but have appreciated true worth, and lived and acted in social harmony i and thus I trust, we ever shall continue. It may not be out of place at present to notice the enlightened and kind labours of the lady-members of the congregation. These good 'Marthas' have, since my arrival ever been efficient; ever giving proofs of their faith ; even at this time their piety would emulate the work of their Lord. But a few days have passed since they presented me with a beautiful and valuable carpet. 1 again beg to offer them my very best thanks. Where all are thus animated with zeal and spirit, what good is there that may not be ac- complished. " For the rest, brethren, rejoice ; be of one mind ; have peace ; and the God of peace shall be with you. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all." (II Cor., XIII, 11, 13.) My dear friends, Your faithful servant, E. Marum To Messrs. Maguire, Bernard Fox, P. Dolan, John Limb Esq., and the other members of the deputation. The other topics occupying general attention here just now are, the ' sloping' of our ex-Dislrict Constable Duke ; the diluloriness of the Board of Education in establishing a boys' school ; and the whole- sale pruning of the Roli of qualified Voters by the Returning Officer and Revising Justices. The amount of the revenue, from Dog Licenses, with which Duke " decamped," is supposed to be about £30. Mr. C.D.C. Beckley is said to have gone in pursuit of him to Melbourne. If arrested and pro- secuted, the cost to the colony will be little short of £150. What a misfortune that the recommendation of the late P.M. of Richmond, that Duke should be re- moved to some place where he could have a joint command was not acted upon by the authorities in these matters. Great dissatisfaction is felt at the ne- glect of the Board of Education,-it would be difficult to show here how that it was not neglect at least,-stronger terms are applied. Eight months since the desire of the Dis- trict to have a Boys' School established on this Township was made known to the Board, but though much patience, and a deal of pens, ink, and paper have been ex- pended in acquainting tho Board with every desideratum, the question seems nearly where it then was. "Brown" de- clares the Board must be composed of the veriest old drones ; or that the big wigs despise ' poor fellows who only pay taxes,' .else why not give the School o're this ; and " Jones" protests, that his respecta- ble grand-mama, who, ho adds, " was a rare slow un," w ottld have done tho whole thing in "jist barf the toime(" aud that " the old Member" should be brought to bear on em. Whatever obstacles may havo been in the way of establishing the school, it is preposterous to suppose that with tho means at command.they couldnot havo been long sinco disposed of. Should " the old Member," or other lion, gent, call for the correspondence with govern- ment in this matter, at tho next meeting of Parliament, and found thereou a suitable motion, an acceptable service will hnvo been rendered to this Districfal least. Tho Electoral Roll of this quarter has had the lancet freely applied to it, and the blood letting must bo of use no doubt ; about two-thirds of those on last year's list have been objected to,-this is a rough guess but very near the mark. It appears on enquiry that the cause of objection is, in most instances, that the qualifying pro- perties have been assessed under £10, and this, by the 30th clause of tho Property Valuation Act, disfranchises all those to whom it is applicable. A meeting has been hold hero to consider the grievance and to deviso a remedy ; it was well at- tended ; some matter of- facfc things said, and it was resolved to immediately appeal against the hardships lo be indicted by the mistako or blunder of the Assessors. Tho appeal will bo mado within this week to the Returning Officer of Richmond. 