Notwithstanding the political agitntion which attracts the public attention from ordi nary affairs, tho under current of speculation in raining enterprise, that set in not many weeks back, continues to absorb the undi vided interest of a considerable section of the community. Scarcely a day passes but some new project is launched, or a novel and pro fitable feature exhibited in some established, company. Reputable and substantial citizens talk freely of a ' rUo' in the shares of some unciercaKing in wn:cn tuey are tno iortunate allotees or promoters. The last quotations of ' Bagjshots,' ' BoHndns,' and ' Bulivias' take precedence of the old trade favorites of '.' Candles,' ' Coals,' nnd ' Cheese.' A small and somewhat 'seedy' portion of our 'city men' are daily receiving an increase to their- rauka ; and, if improvement in externals is indicatis'e of success, they soem to be augmenting their exchequer. In the vicinity of our money- changers' offices, and what has been facetiously denominated ' the Victorian Stock Exchange,' those greasy ghosts may be seen flitting to and fro pounc ing upon some speculative tvigiit to press a sale upon him of shares or scrip. We are threatened with a reproduction on a small Bcale, but nevertheless equally dangerous to legitimate enterprise, of that crew of 'stags' ' lame ducks,' ' bulls,' and ' bear3,' who haunt tho passages around tbo London Stock Exchange. Even tho outside public who rarely meddle with mercantile or mining af- , fairs, arc at last inoculated with the mania. ' One has got a hundred shares in this com- : pany which aro now at a premium, another h.ts j sold fifty in that at a profit of seventy- ? five per cent. ; while a third has invested all \ his savings at a venture in hope3 of doubling bis capital. We are not with those who would check tho j progress of mining adventure in this colony. On tho contrary, we have always advocated the legitimate investment of capital iu the development of our gold-fields as a necessary equivalent due to that skill and labor from whence it lias chitfly sprung. It is one thing, however, to invest in bona fide projects whero the land really contains tho gold-bearing quartz, the auriferous alluvium, or tho water to sluice it, and that which maybe all aslwm, or worked at a ruinous cost. Where there is wheat there is cbaff. Tho one should bo separated from the other ; and it is the pro vince of the public journalist to sift them thoroughly. Unless this be done at the out set much evil raiy result to mining enterprise from a movement which would otherwise provo highly beneficial to the prosperity of the country. The failure of one rotten company might injure tho prospects of many good ones; and gambling transictious in the scrip »r shares of tho safest enterprisa is certain to damage its position iu tho eyes of the public, when they find themselves gulled. On the other hand, with a judicious amount of specu lation on reasonable calculations an impulse may be given to mining adventures of doubt ful success in the opinions of over- cautious men, that in the end may turn out _ to bo highly profitable to the promoters and share holders, and at the same time assist in the general prosperity of the colony. It has been chiefly to speculative mining adventure in London that tho mines of Cornwall owe their wonderful prosperity, sush a3 the Devon Great Consols Copper Mine, which has yielded for about ten years an average annual divi dend of 230 to 250 per cent, ou tho original shares, the latest quotations being at tho rate of 234?. per annum on R paid-np capital per share. At tho same time the records of mining adventure disclose instances of jobbery and gambling, of the most disre putable kiud, aud ruin amongst speculative shareholders and dupes of tho most heart rending character. Many a happy home has been made desolate, and families reduced to ruin, through the ' will 0' wisp ' in Cor nish mine3. Mining at the best, therefore, is but a lot tery, aa thousands of gold-miners in this colony can vouch for ; and what has oc curred so frequently in individual cases, or amongst a few working partners, is appli cable as well to the success of the numerous mining companies so pretentiously put forth in the prospectuses. Wo do not accuse the promoters of these undertakings with any wilful intention to deceive the public; but there are some, in our opinion, even of tbe best' of them, that proceed upon very loose and insufficient data ; while others, in the language of the digger, look at the outset as if they were 'siiicers.' If the lands in tended to bo worked aro so rich in au riferous deposits as set forth in the statements of their provisional committees, how is it that such a wealthy body of men, as in one case, do not supply the small amount of capital required aud commence operations forthwith 1 Does it not look like a disbelief on their own part of tbe assumed richness of the auriferous lands, and as if all they seek is the disposal of their self-allotted shares at a premium 1 We do not put much reliance on any isolated analysis which gives such flattering results as 40 oz of gold to the ton of quartz ; nor on the amateur report furnished by another company. The public intending to invest should demand a scientific report by a properly qualified mining surveyor, iu the first instance, as to tbe probable extent of the reef or alluvium, and no analysis of quartz should be entertained as a fair average unless several tons had passed through the crushing machine. What we deprecate, also, on the part of some not over scrupulous directors in these gold companies are the quotations of sale3 of shares furnished to the press; and if the pub lic will keep their eyes open, they will find that there are sections of the prosa quite ready to play into the hand3 of unscrupulous speculators, and quite ready to use tkeir co lumns, as newspaper proprietors, to diddle the public for their own benefit as milling specu lators. Iu order to deceive tho public and increase their value, the old disreputable sys tem of 'rigging the market' has been re sorted to, that is, making fictitious sales of stock at a high rate, amongst themselves, or to some ' stag' who does the dirty work for a consideration., If the gentlemen whose names we seo appended to the lists of direc .tprs of these companies, really intend to take an active interest in them when they are fairly established and in operation, they should form themselves afe once into a Mining Exchange, and employ none but sworn brokers to transact tho business be tween them aud the public. At present there are no legitimate brokers to negotiate between the buyer and seller in the market;. All those who put themselves forth a3 such are dealers in shares themselves, and hence they are not fit to close a transaction with impartiality to either party. It is necessary that they should have no dealings in stock en their owA ac count, and declare the same upon oath beforo a magistrate. By adopting some stringent regulations regarding the legitimacy of new companies desirous of joining it, such an Asso ciation would be hailed as a boon to the colony. The public would have some confi dence in purchasing shares at ?, fair market price, which cannot be done al the present time. Let the promoters eschew- misrepresentation, amateur reports, fictitious sales, and we are certain that most of the projected mining ad ventures will obtain tho support of the capi talist in town, and promote the interests of labor in Ihe country. 