VICTORIA. The defeat of nearly the whole of the Ministerial Candidates was the all absorbing topic. The Herald of Monday in a leading article says : If the summary and ignominious ex- pulsion of an obnoxious Ministry were the only, or even the chief, end of a general election, then might the electors of the metropolitan districts cong atulnte themselves on having achieved a great and signal success. At this moment the O'Shanassy Cabinet has virtually ceased to have a legal existence, inasmuch as it falls short by one of the returned proportion of legislative members. True, some or all of the defeated Four may go in for the " forlorn hope,' and may" chance to be accepted by some of the residuary constituencies, and thus the purely technical difficulty might be removed. But even in that event, the Chief Secretary could not hope-and we are perfectly certain he would not try to prolong the existence of his Ministry an hour beyond the meeting of Parliament. What, indeed, could induce him, in the face of the destructive verdict pronounced by the country, to provoke a hostile demonstration on the part of the new Assembly? Neither finessing nor audacity can now avail. The battle has been fought out and lost. The vanquished have been completely put to the tout scattered beyond all possibility of rallying again. The same journal on Tuesday has the following: It was rumoured yesterday that the ministry, through the Chief Secretary, had tendered their resignations, on the ground that four out of the five members of the Executive who had appealed to their constituents, had failed to secure seats in the new Parliament. Sir Henry Barkly, however, we believe, requested Mr. O'Shanassy to withdraw his resigna- tion, and that of his colleagues, until the elections shall have been concluded. In connection with this subject we have heard that Mr. Harker will not again seek the suffrages of any constituency, but that Dr. Evans has been requested to stand for Creswick, the Ovens, and the Avoca, and that his choice has fallen upon the last mentioned district. Mr. Ireland will, we believe, contest Maryborough Mr. Rochfort and Mr, Fisher, two of the survivors of the Admella, have each subscribed 100 towards the relief fund now being raked in Portland, The racehorse Barber did not arrive in the steamer Lady Bird on Saturday, as was expected, as it was blowing too fresh to take him on board safely when the vessel left Portland. He will be brought overland. We extract the subjoined paragraph respecting the Australian Champion Sweepstakes from Bell's Life in Victoria. The announcement in our town edition last week, that The Barber had swam ashore from the wreck of the Admella, appears to be quite true ; but we are not in possession, at present, of any particulars of this unexpected turn-up for the backers of the Adelaide horses. Mr. Hurtle Fisher, who has arrived in Melbourne, and who is next door to being as well as ever he was, has no idea how The Barber escaped ; we must therefore content ourselves with the fact that he is in the land of the living, and wait his arrival amongst us, which is expected to-day, per Lady Bird, from Portland, before our curiosity can be satisfied as to how and when he reached the shore. On Thursday we had a peep at Zoe and Zingara, at their residence at South Yarra ; they both had coats on them like a looking glass, and appeared to be as lively as kittens. Not a ghost of Zoe's shy leg was to be seen in her box, and her owner (whose interest it would be rather to encourage the report of her lameness) and trainer, denied that she had ever gone amiss since her arrival in Victoria. As a proof of Mr. Tait's confidence in her, he has backed her for seven hundred, since his return from Sydney, at 100 to 7 and 100 to 8. There continues to exist a strong desire to lay against Miss Howe, and we have not heard of a single investment on her for the last week. Strop is very firm at 100 to 25, and the longest price offered against 15, on Thursday evening, was 100 to 8. Sailor, Quickstep, The Moor, Phoebe, and Alice Hawthorn remain good favourites, at last week's quotations, and Nutwith has been backed during the week at till prices between 100 to 6 and 100 to 8. On Saturday, when the report of The Barber's escape had been firmly established, has found several friends to entrust him with few rivers, at 20 to 1, but later in the Week the same odds have been laid against him and Black Bess coupled. 