MANLY AND SCIENTIFIC CONTEST VOU SAVERS AND JAOK GRANT, For£ loo a side and the Championship of the Middle Weights. ' , . On TcMDvr, the 29 th of JOKE, 1852. Tt becomes our pleasing duty this week to place araong the archives of flstie fame the record of a battle' conducted in a manner calculated not only to rt fleet lasting credit npon the heroes who struggled f>r pra-oralncnco, but also onro more to raise a hope in the mind» of the Paney olrclos that the P.R. may yet regain the prestige so long denied to it in consequence of tbo disorder and discom- forts bv which the corni nts of late years have been almost invariably'attended. ? The battle of Tuesday last was conducted from the commencement to the conclusion (in the pretence of a large muster of speotators). witb an or- der and regularity which' would have done credit to an assembly under the awe-inspiring supervision of a whole diriiios of metropolitan " blues." The match, which has been for somo timo npon the lapis, has, from the vory commencement, excited nindi in- terest among sporting men of .all grades, it being antici- pated from the great conrnge and 6stic knowiedge dis- played hy .both tuen in their former encounter«, that a riattle of tbo Old School would be the results, and this an- ticipation, it will be seen, has been borne out to the fullest rxtent. Grant is a hardy-looking bit of stuff, nearly 6ft Sin in height, and his regular fighting weight is lOst 3ib, or thereabouts His age is a'<out 28. He took his gal- lops preparatory to this match at Northolt, nnder the su- perintendence of Thomas (The Salopian), and had he paid m ne attention than he did to the ndvieo of that Ventor. we might possibly- have had to record a different result to that which will be fonnd below. Tom haB much increased in weight since he mot Collins, his fighting -standard be- ing now lOst 6lb. Ile is nearly an inch tallortban Grant, and his ege about 25. He trained nt Snttnn. under the judicious suporitito'idenca of Jackson (the American Deer), assisted during the last week by Ned Adams. Having said thus much, wo will st once proceed to business. ' On our arrivnl nt the Shorcditch Stntion on Tacsday morning, at eight "'c1 ck, we found a very considerable ii9«cmlilnge of the " light sort." including more of the " Patrician" class than wo have seen at a mill for many, » many years Tho only clerical gentleman present was the sukétíoldor's privy rounclllof, "The Bishop of Bond street," whom we understand it required lite united force of his head clerk and two of the canine race to drag from his bed at so early an hour. The absence of the rongh nnd ready gentry, and more especially the denitens of the Borough Marl et', wast ly many remarked at «inguUr. Whatever the cause of their absence It was a snbject of (general rejoicing, and a very general hope was entertained that all would be " serene." At length, about half-post eight o'clock, all had arrived who were expected. The -train wa« well filled, tho passengers numbering nearly .IDO, tlio bell rung, and tbo expedition proceeded on its way, both men having wisely como ' on board" at Shire ditr.h ''wharf," en a< to avoid the inconvenience of waiting for either of them' on the road down. At Bishop Stortford the stakohnh'cr gAvo his instructions to the driver and the train proceeded, »till uider ' sealed orders," to a certain ground roll known to fi- tio feme, not ti hundred miles from the "city of crdlegoi." yclept Cambridge. At Ches- terfield we perceived a bevy of gentlemen -in blue, but , these I,cr is of the staff and mule apparently imaginad eitler that their hnillwick was not .to be invaded, and therefore did nnt tri ko the trouble to follow, or else they were satisfied that some other detachment of tbo blue bri i fado wonld prevent the s«notity i.f the county of (Jam- I h«idjn» from being denied. At length, about half-past olovon'o'clock, the trnin ranchnd its destination, where a cirrrone, who had already bren forewarned of the coming pvont. «Vos prepared to conduct Tom Oliver and his chief mato, forn Galil» to a tic-'il w"hich lind >.een prepared for the ocasei'm far e*ny f-om any road or public place and w hco the eonsibilitinBof t"ie " Mawwornis" of toe eastern counties CHU Id not be wounded hy sneb a dreadful (?) ex- hibition n« a prize battle On tbit secluded »pot the ring w«o quickly firmed, end the appointed ring keepers, who «vor» round their "brnln-pans" white r.hbuns. on which, were printrrl in biso« letters tho words," rolico-constahles of tin» P.H." Iiavine «Bt io w.irk, quickly drove every ono lii'rnnd the out»r ring Din Dtsmore, who wna appointed lo-eil the tiriot« fir the'° reserved circus,"theo madohi« npneai-ance. mid drovo a pretty brisk trade for some little ti i e Tho reserved circle being cleared out, thow who pleafid provided thcinknlvcp wuh straw hassocks, which were plentifully FDP.-ilied by Tom Oliver, nnd the aristoc- racy of tho parly wore quickly seated nt about ten feet Iront tho ring i'soir. The general public wero at ringed m orr!or a few feet twhind these, and there wnB ample space for all parties to obtain n mnstexcellont view of the cam ins enennmcr. Tim constables took up their positionsbe tween the two roos of spectators, and by their exertions, nnd a disposition wblcb evidently existed on all bands to preserve order.» most ndmirnblcrinp was kept throughout the fight. All retaioed their Beats to the last, and tho noter ring remained nnbroken. There was none of tho vulgar chaff and " jollying,*' »a It is called, which i« geno rally fo ¡)t> met witt] by the ring sido, and, altogether, the f flflir;pMsed off in-tb'e most ngreooble manner it has been .our lot'to witness fjr mnny jears. AU the exua'woüä inailois fceiug thus satisfactorily ar- ranged; the men proceeded to duou lu theuuelvesuf theil superabundant toireery, Sayers being atiaLtcd by Neo Adams and Bob Fuller, while Qruut was valeticd b; Hurty Orme an.I Jo in my Welt,!.. The b«uing at this linn was 6 to 4 on Grant, at .which price aoino little busiiitas was done. The men, befure gola«; into action, laid an even " lonner**'on the re ule. The respective toilettes be- ing quickly perfo'med, at tea minutes bei-im one o'clock " Time" was called, and tho uthUla aloud forth in fight- ing trim. THE nOHT. Round I. On appearing ut the scratch the condition and itcneral appearance ul Tom Sayers was the theme of general admiration; there was notan onnceof «upeiflu- us flesh upon his body ; bo appeared all wire and muscle; his phz wore a good-humoured smile of confidence, and there was a luildy glow upon his cheek which told of good health and c nilition. Iii« attitude w»s graceful and firm, and to a good judge it was apparent th»l if he «as ns good na he lcked, the Borough Champion had his work cut out , Grant seemed to us not quite up to the mark) his arms, it ia true, were muscular and brawny, and his good-tem peted mug looked healthy; bat tbere nero certain appear- ances of fnt upon his chest and ribs which sufficiently in dicated that his exercise had not been so ccvoro ns it might have been, and wo were informed that instead of weighing lOst 21b ho turned the seule at lOst 61b. Not- withstanding his lustiness, however, he appeared to look upon tbo result with confidence, and to hold bis adversary [at a very cheap rate. His position indicated the old tàc-: ticinn, the arms well up, and not too far from his body, his hoad back, and his eyefixed npi.n that of his adversary, who stood well over him, and was considerably longer in iho reach. After a little dodging, Grant, wbo, was anxious to begin, led off with the left, »lightly reaching Tom's forehand, and jumped away from the retara. Sayers followed bim up, when Grant tried to repeat tbe dose on the forehead, but was prettily stopped. Sayers, at length got horne with his right on the ribs, which was followed by heavy counter- hits, Grant on the left cheek, and Sayers heavily I on Grant's nose. Ditto repeated, when Sayers gained first blood from a cut over'tbat organ. Grant then went in lo force tbe fighting, but Sayers stepped back, jobbed him again un tho nose, cleverly .stopping the return. Counter-hits succeeded, Sayers catching a nasty one on the left side of his head, and in getting buck slipped down. 2 Grant tried to lead off" several times, but waa on each occasion well stopped; he returned the compliment, by twice stopping Sayers, and then lunged oat his right, catching Sayers heavily under the left ear Tom couti .' tered bim with effect on the nrzzle; and a close follow- ing, both wera down; Sa; era under. 3\. Grant again took tho initiativ.-, bat Sayers jumped away smiling; he came again directly, however, and led »if with his left, but was stopped. He was more success- ful a second lime, and reached Gram's damnged nose. Grant closed for the fall, hut Savors would not struggle, contenting himself with fibbing Grant on the nose and left car amil both rolled over. 4\. Mirnal good stopping, after whioh Sayers delivered bia left heavily on Grant's ribs and jumped away. Coun- ter-bits with tho left followed-Sayers on the nose, and Grant on tho ribs A close, and some sharp fibbing. A break awav, mid at it again, Grant delivering bU left heavily on Tom's left eye. Slight exchange*, Grant agaio getting it on the nose, and Sayers slipped down. 5\. Both, oo coming up, Iroked flushed Sayers smiled while Grant looked grim. The latter led off, but was twico slopped. They then got to work; sharp counter-hits were exchanged, Sayers lecciving heavily on the le.'i cheek, and Grant on the nose and jaw. A ulosa and struggle, for the fall ended in Grant being thrown, but not heavily. 6\. Sayers tried to lead off, bnt Grant was wary, and stopped bim. He was not to be denied, however; he made another attempt, and again reached Grant's smeller, getting well away from the retain. Sayers then repeated the di se heavily with both hands, and folio» ed this up by one or two punches in the ribs, At length Grant swung ronnd his dangerous right, and caught Master Tom a tre- mendous whack on the left car, which staggered htm. Grant then closed, but Sayers declined to struggle for the fall, and fibbed away at his maa until he allowed bim to slip dawn. 7\. Sayers showed the effects of GrantT visitation to his left ear, which was considerably availed. ? Grant, looked flushed from the taps on the ni zzle. The latter led off. hut tras quito out <f distance, and Sayers followed his example by d. livering too high to be of any service. Ex- changes then took place, each catching it on the righi eye, Bayer's delivery appealing to be heaviest. In getting away Sayers slipped down. 8 Grant took tho lead, but was again stopped, and caught an awkward one on the left listener for his paiiiB He theo succeeded in planting his left on Tom's forehead Grant then bored in, but Sayers Btepped back, adminis- tering an upper cut, which led to a rally, in which some sbarp hitting took place, and Sayers scrambled down. " 9\. Both slightly blown. T< m stopped Grant's attempts to plant on bim. and then delivered bis left on the nose twice in succession. Grant again made h's right sound against the left side of Turn's head, and then sent in a heavy one on the ribs. Sayers, nothing daunted, was at him again, popped in his loft on tbo check and bis right on Grunt's left ear, and this bringlug thom to a struggle, layers let himself down easy. 10\. Grant tried to force the fighting by, boring in, bnt got it on the left eye rather heavily. Sayers, however, had not the strength to stall him off Be again went in. caught Sayers on the left ey, and io a straggle which followed the latter again slipped djwn to avoid being thrown. > 11\. Grant led off. got well home on Ssyer's left ear and then clored. and both rolled over together. ' 12 Ssyer's left car and the left side o'bis hoad were much swollen; still he smiled, and calmly awaited tbe attack, which was not long in coming. Grant dashed in, ard commenced 'hitting away with both banda; he drew bl >od from Tom's mouth by a heavy spank from bis left. S tyers delivered on the left check, and the round finished by both falling together nt tbe ropes. 13 Grant made his right willi severity on the ribs, get ting away from Sayers' return. Sawers followed him np . nnd some sharp hits were exclinngid left and -right, bulli catching it on the nose and cheek, and Grant at length got down. 14 Grant dashed in resolutely, but wai twice well stopped Sayers then delivered h¡B left and right on the nose and left ey.e Grant, not liking this, bored in, mida his right on Tom's left cheek, closed, but Sayers catching well bold of him, threw him a cross-buttock and fell on bim. 15\. B .th, anxious to got to work, led off at the same time, nnd each napped it on tbo left ejo. Grant was then neatly stopped twico in succession, but at length closed, and some sharp in-fighting took place. Sayers catching it on the left eye, and Brant on the left ear The round ended by both going to grass. (Forty minutes bad now eltpsed.and those who had backed Grant to win lu en hour began to look bine ) 16 A capital ronnd. After some excellent stopping and mar.ccuvering on both sides they got close together, nnd some sharp exchanges took pince, each catching it on the nose and left cheek, A close ensned, followed by b break away, and both at it again left and right, until Grant got down, somewhat blown, his want of condition ovidcmly beginning lo tell. 17\. Somewhat similar to the lett, each catching it se rorely on the side of the head. Tbe hitting appeare 1 rather in favor of Grant, who drew mote caret from Tom's mouth. Both were eventually down. 18\. Grant dashed in and closed for a fall, bat Sayers declined the struggle, fibbed him severely on the left oar several times, and Grant slipped down. lie lay on his back'where ho fell blowing like a grampus, notil time was called, when lie was carried to hts corner, from whence he walked to the scratch. 19 8ome good exchange«, Sayers on tho right eye. and Grant on the nose, removing the bark and drawing a fresh supply of the ruby. Quick exchanges, bnt both ap- parently hitting open-handed, were followed by Tom got ting down cleverly. 20\. Grant, whose left ear had been lanced, came np bleed- ing from that organ, which was mach swelled from the blows in tbe 18lb round, lie rushed in, bat Sayers caught him heavily on the damn god listener. Grant still deter- mined, persevered, caught Tom on theleftsldeof the head twice io succession; exchanges followed in favor of Grant, and atlast tom got down 21\. Sayors's left eye began to show symptoms of adopt- ing the early closing movement lie tried to lead off, but wes stopped by Jack, who made his left ngainon tho clos- ing peeper, and then closed. Sayers fiddled away athis IciK'sr until both were down. 22 and 23. Both fl JW, bot steady, and the rounds ended nfter a few exchanges io the men slipping down at tbe ropes. In the latter round Grant pursued Sayers, who ran round the nng"nntll ho got to his own corner, when ho turned sharp round, caught Grant lett and right on the nose and left eye, which led to tho close and fall. 24\. Grant came up bleeding from a cut over his left eye. Sayers nttempled to take the lead but was well stopped, Grant mBlung hu right lioavily ou his left car.ond bayer« fell through the ropes. 26\. Sayers was again neatly stopped, nnd in step- ping back from Grant's return, caught bit beel and fclL 26\. Mutual good Btopping. Sayers evidently the most active; ho caught Grant again on his left car, which was terribly swollen, received a heavy thump on tho ribs from Grant's right, nnd dropped on his south pelo. 27\. Grant dashed in wlih his left on the mouth, end thcD his right on tho sido of ti ay or D'S bead. exchanges Grunt drawing h)-od from Tom's »io«e. Home good in-fighting in favor of Knyers. nnd Grunt gut down, ÏB. Good counter-hits.-both catching it beauly on.(he nose, ll'ih no«/ went io.«oik in i-nniest; too htltttfg on both sides was iremendonB, bat owing to the cx.elleuco of Sayers's condition lie did not show it much, while .Grant who received princip«lly on the loft cur and no-e, lnuked rnasideiably the wura« fir wear. Eventually 'Sayers slipped lo a\uid Jack's friendly' bug, aod- Grant, who fell over bim, cleverly avoided touching him i with bia spikes 39 to 32. In theae rounds Grant led off. bat his want of condition preveuted bis being as quick aa be otherwise might have been, consequently he woo often stopped, and of course exhausted himself by throwing away his blows. When, bowevor, they got at-it, be gave as good a« he got, and the rounds ended by .Sayers slipping down. In the 32nd, however, Grant threw Sayers and fell heavily upon him. 33\. Grant came up bleeding from the mouth and le'l ear; hi tried to lend off bal waa stopped. Sayers popped in his left and righi ou the mouth and throat, getting it in return on the nose heavily, more of the bark being dis placed, and in the and both were down. 34 Grant planted both bands, but the steam was gone; Sayers teturuud on the mouth and ldft eye. A rally, Grant delivering on 'the damaged cheek bone of his ad- versary/and receiving another gentle tap on his smeller, which drew moro fluid. A closo struggle for the fall, and both down, Sayers under.-' '' ¡ 35\. Ono hour and u balf had now elapsed; and both np peared fatigued from their exertions Grant stopped se- veral well-intentioned deliveries, and -returned "ii Tom's left eye and nose, drawing blood from both. Good ex- changes led to a close, when botb were down. 36\. Sayers came .up weak, while Grant lind slightly.re- covered. The latter led off. was twice well napped, but ultimately sent home his right on Sayers's left chock, and tbo latter slipped. 37 Sajers, .whose left cheek and eyebrow were much swollen and discoloured, led off, and caught Grant oo the len ogle aud nose, but not Jteavily, andin'ietreating fell. 36\. Grant took the lead but was propped in the throat by loni's right. 'Grant, however; found out tim side of his head with effect. Exobonges followed, both receiving on the nose, but Sayers, who was weakest, gut down on the saving suit., 39\. Grant dashed in with his right on Tom's left cheek, wh J closed, fibbed him heavily on his damaged ear, and then slipped down. %. i 40 to 4¿, la those rounds bnt little mischief was done, both sparring for wind, and eventually Sayers got down cleverly. . I 43 Grant, who seoraod to havegot second wind, led oil quickly, but Sayers jumped away. Grant followed him up, caught him on tbe ribs heavily with'his right, and then on the lioso with bis left. Sayers returned on the throat, and some heavy deliveries on both sides took place, both standing and hitting away for some time without nn at- tempt at stopping, and there appeared to bo no decided advantage on either side; at length bayera slipped down exhausted. This was unquestionably the best round in the fight. The men appeared to think it was the turning point, and each wished to make some decided impression on his game adversary. ' 44\. Both were all the worse for their exertions in the last rouud. Gram's left ear boro marks of having been again severely visited, and, ive believe, his seconds again found it necessary to lance it. Sayers did not show such decided marks of Grant's bandy work, but ibis was mainly to be accounted fur by his excellent condition. Ills left eye was, however, closing, »ud his left cheek much swollen. Both unwilling to begin, and some slight blows having been exchanged. Sayers slipped down. 45\. Grant went into mill, but napped It on tho left car and nose with severity. Good exchanges followed, and Sayers again slipped down. 46\. Giant still brat to fight but was cleverly stopped by Sayers, who was getting more nctive They quickly got to ia- fighting, when, after a few exchanges, they rolled over, and Grant excited the admiration of all by the care- ful manner in which he avoided falling on hi« man with his feet or knees. 47 and 48. Grant took the lead in both these ronnds, but was stopped in each instance, and received deliveries from ¡Sayers's right ou his left car. He nevertheless suc- ceeded in each round in planting oti Sayers's left oar with his dangerous right, bat tbe blows had not that vigour wo have seen him exhibit on foimor occasions. Both vvero down ia tlicso ronnds. 49\. Some rattling exchanges took place in this round. Grant getting it on the throat and ribs, and Sayers on the chest and mouth, and eventually slipping down. > 60. Sayers mado playón the ribs with his left heavily, Grant returning on > tho noso with his left. Grant tbén stopped two attempts on the part of > Sayers, mado his loft and right on the nose and left cheek, and Sayers > slipped down. ' St. Grant again popped in a spank on Tom's nut, re- ceiving in returnson the smeller heavily, mid losing moro claret Good exchanges followed, when Grant rushed in and bored his man over the ropes K2 Sayers attempted to make tho running, but was stopped by Grant, who went into mill, nnd planted both hands, ono on the njse, and tho other on the left side of the bead heavily. Another i n tbe nose succeeded, which opened the claret jug again. Sayers only planted his left once on the cose, and slipped down. This round was de- cidedly in favour of Grant. 53\. Sayers made his left on the ribs, and tried to plant the same band on the nose, but was well stopped. Be received one from Grant's light on the side of his head ; this brought on on a rally, In which be caught it on tbe eyebrow heavily, and slipped down. _ 54\. Giant, thinking the game was now his own, again brushed in, but Sayers was with him, and in tbe ex- changes which followed he visited Grant's left ear with great severity, catching ¡t slightly on tbe side of the bead, and then getting down cunning. 53 Grant again first, but stopped; he, however, mado good Ins righi on the ribs directly afterward*, and then bia left on the right eye or layers, who sent home his right on the neck, and his left on the left ear. Grant bored in again, received one on bis left ear, which bled freely, and Sayers slipped down. 56\. A close, and Sayers down. 57\. No mischief done. Some slight exchanges, nnd Saytrs slipped down. 58\. Sayers caught Grant as ho carno In on the nose and throat, and then on tbe mnzzard heavily, drawing mora of the ruby. Grant then clo-ed, strnggled, and both fell heavily to tbe ground, havers uppermost. 59\. Grant, who seemed weak and exhausted, was twice stopped; but in a third attempt caught Sayers on the left ear with his right, and the latter slipped down. 60\. Grant led off, reached Sayers's left eye, received one on lils damaged listener, end slipped down. 61\. Grunt appeared determined t» finish tho matter off hand, rushed in left and right on Sayers's cheek and nose Sayers put in both hands on the left eye and noso, a rally, close, and short strugg'e,both again coming to the ground heavily; Grant ander. 62\. Sayers tried to lead oil", but was short; Grsnt just contrived to reach his nose, but the blow bad no steam ia it, and Sayers in getting back slipped down. 63\. Both slow to the call of time, and both evidently exhausted. Grant WHS first np, but he looked much flushed; his faco was much swollen, his nose anything hut Roman in its appearance, and bts left ear presenting a most plenBing spectacle (?) He rnshed in,but Sayers's good tempered mug still bore the ghost of a emile, al though nearly on the wrong side of his month, stopped him cleverly and got away; Grant followed him np, got home with bil righi on the side of his head, receiving, in return, on tbo left e«r. A cloie, and long struggle for the fail, which Giant got, throwing his man, and fulling hea- vily on bim. 64 and last. Grant came np looking very groggy. The falls in the few last rounds bad evidently shaken him. Be appeared to be suffering from eramp, but still was deter- mined. He led off, getting slightly home on Sayers'« left check bono. Tom retaliated on the left par. A few sharp exchanges were succeeded by another struggle for the fall, and ultimately both came very heavily to the ground. Giant undermost Tom falling across hia atomach. B'ith I were immediately picked np and carried to their corners, and on lime being called. Jemmy Welsh, on the part of Grant, threw up the «pongo in token ot defeat. On our inquiring into the cause of thi« rather unexpected termi | nation ot the affair, we were informed that Grant was se- verely suffering from cramp, and bad more-jr-or injured some part of his intestines in snch a manner that it was feared lie wa« ruptured, and he was in such pain that hu could not stand upright Sayers went np to his tallen but not disgraced adversary and shook h>m kindly by the band, and was proclaimed ihe victor amidst tbe shouts of bi« friends Grant was conveyed on a inilway>tiuck to a small public-homo in tho neig, borhood, where every at- tention was shown to bim, but bo continued in great pain for »time time afterward«. We believe wo may state that be ia not actually raptured, bat that bo tina received a lie- vre intcrnnl strain, which may cause him considerable un easiness for soma time to come. He informs u« that be met with an Bccident some time ago at Manchester, which ha« always rendered him weak in the muscles of toa sto- mach, and he considers that being not fully up to tho mark, ' bo was on Tuesday more than usually susceptible of in- jury. The fight lasted exactly two hours and a half, {To be continued.) 