LECTURE BY DR. BAILEY. : ' ? t Concluded, from our last.) ?The point of an exceedingly small needle, how ever highly polished, appears when observed ' through; a microscope, full of holes and scratches, and. as. broad and blunt as the end of a poker, and looks as if it had been only hammered on theanvil. Whereas, the sting of a bee or of a gnat, the proboscis of a butterfly or flea, appears to be formed with the most surprising beauty and ex quisite dolicacy. The Bting of a bee shows a polish without tire least blemish or unevennesa, and ends in a point too delicately fine to be discerned even by the microscope ; yet this is only tine. sheath of instru ments still more refined. The very finest lawn, looked at through a micros cope, appears like open lattice-work, and the threads seem coarser than ropes. Compare this, with any leaf of the forest or grass of the field, under the same magnifying power, and a most striking con trast will be seen. Inspect the edge of the keenest razor, through the microscope, and, behold, it will appear as broad ns the back of a thick knife, full of notches and furrows. Now let such works of human art be thus com pared with the operations of a puny insect, directed by instinct — the gift of its Creator's wisdom, and the contrast appears most truly curious and admi rable. The web of a silkworm appears perfectly smooth and shining, everywhere equal, and being only about the five thousandth part of an inch thick, is as much finer than any. thiaad which the most dexterous spinner in the world can make, as the very thinnest twine possible to be manufactured is smaller than the thickest cable. The web woven by a spider, is still more delicate. Each thread being about the thirty-thousandth part of *an inch in diameter, is many thousand times smaller than a human hair ; and a single pound of this fine- drawn substance is computed to be quite sufficient to encircle our globe of about 25,000 miles in circumference. In short, every minute hair and fibre on a flea, a ghat, a ft}', and other insects, is not only most smootli and beautifully polished, but, when magnified many thousand times by the microscope, appears as sharp atthe point as the very finest needle. How sink, then, the most elaborate works of man, contrasted with those of God. Wherever we apply the microscope; there, beauty, order, and perfection; are magnificently displayed. In all the countless varieties of insects which fly through the air, swim in the waters, or crawl along the earth, the exquisite arrangements of perfect symmetry,' proportion, and uniformity,' are every where perceptible. What a diffusion of colouring in all its diversified combinations ! How inimitable the delicacy and ' polish ! Azure, green, vermillion, gold, silver, pearls, rubies, and diamonds, fringe and embroider their bodies, wings, heads, and every other part. The most elaborately exquisite works of man betray, a poverty and inability in the workman j but the works of creation demonstrably prove that the hand which formed them was — divine. How unutterable, then, the glories of that bound less perfection, of which such are given to us as the material illustrative types ! ' ?? ?: : With entire truth did one of our own illustrious Irishmen, Sir Hans Sloane, the founder of the Bri f tish Museum — England's proudest triumph, of na tural science, in bis Natural History of Jamaica} say:— 'The power, wisdom, and providence of God Almighty, the creator and preserver of all.t appear nowhere more than in the smallest auimals called insects, which are provided with such senses as are necessary to bring them through their several changes to perfection. And notwithstanding their little bodies, and many enemies in every state, they are enabled to live, thrive, and propagate their kind, so that, since we have any exact history of them, none seem to be lost ! ' ', It is most tvue, we admit, that wonderful have been i the progressive advances of man in the arts. | : An author — a Member and Professor of my own [ University — one of that numerous crowd of distin I guished Irishmen whose intellectual labours in the B .various walks of human knowledge have bo added § Jto the enlightenment of the world— 7a man of most 1 .distinguished celebrity, and one, I beg leave to add, i in whose productions and career I myself feel a I profound interest — I mean the late Dr. Lardner— f ;has published much on this very point. One of the f 'recent mails brought us, the intelligence of the de I cease of this eminent writer at Paris. Dr. Lard t .ner's name is honourably known . throughout the I -civilized world in connection with his ' Cabinet I :Cyclopoedia,' and other brilliant publications of I European celebrity in science and the aits, amount I ing altogether ,to nearly 200 volumes. I repeat I ' 'that I entertain a deep, perhaps now a melancholy, interest, in this distinguished man. It was my own '.. ,lpt to ,have been closely .associated with th'at .gifted 1 1 man, at the University of Dublin, for several .years, ? as' one of his private pupils. Should these words ? haply reach any of that favoured band of his pupils ', .in this or the other-hemisphere, they will gratefully f ..unite their testimony with mine, to his extraordi nary zeal for the mental development of. those com mitted to his charge, and to the perspicuous elo .quenco.with which,. just as, in his written. publica- I ;tions, he made so attractive to their. minds themost I abstract and profound truths of philosophy. I i ', embrace this opportunity, though I fear in a di I ! gression, as the first that has publicly fallen in my !§ way, since his death, to offer this humble : but for.. 1 vent tribute to his genius and friendship. To him § I owe any love I possess for knowledge— or any if ' , moderate faculty I can lay claim to for its somrau I , : nication to others. In this very lecture, . as in , the S others I have been privileged to .deliver in this H . place, much of the general line of my arguments is $ ' ' attributable to his nrivate suseestions and profes sional instructions, the manuscript summaries of 1 which, some in his own hand-writing, I have now, ' after so many years, most happily. treasured up in '( my possession. Dr. Lardnor, in his usual rapturous praise of : ;human art,, has, in, one of his printed publications, ? thus stated— ' A ribbon of gold (says.he) six.yards long, and an inch and a quarter wide, is finally ex tended; by hammering, into two thousand leaves, three, three-eight inches square, or into eighty-books, containing each twenty-five leaves. The thickness of each,leaf is the one- hundredrand-nine -thousandth part of an inch. In the gilding of buttons, five grains of gold, applied a8 an amalgam with mercury, are allowed to each gross. In this case the coating left must be. the one-hundred-and-ten-thousandth part of an inch in thickness. If a piece of ivory, or a piece of white satin, be immersed in nitro-muriatic polution of gold, and be then plunged into a jar of, hydrogen gas, it will become covered with a surface of gold hardly exceeding in thickness the ten millionth part of an inch. The gilt-wire, used in embroidery, is made by extension over a surface of silver. Each grain of gold is made to cover a surface of nine thousand six'hundred square inches. Ils thickness is finally reduced by extension to the four or five millionth part of an inch. A wire of pure gold can, be drawn, the thickness of which shall not exceed the four .thousandth part of an inch. A wire of platinum (the heaviest of all metals) can be made of still greater fineness. A wire of this metal has been obtained of no morethan th,e thirty thousandth part of an inch in diameter.1' '' Most certainly such proofs of human ingenuity, here mentioned by Dr. Lardner, attest the wonderful progress of the arts— but how utterly insignificant a'nd contemptible in contrast with the displays of divine workmanship, of animate and inanimate nature, in the created works of God ! Again — really endless are the lines of beauty and sublimity everywhere overspread around us. What proofs — without number — could be adduced in the descriptions of every land ! The present Emperor Napoleon, in his late tri umphant entry into Milan, proclaims — ' I seek with pride to render free the most beautiful land in Europe.' Lord Byron says of Italy — ' The loveliest, and must ever be The master-mould of Nature's heavenly hand, Therein were cast the heroic and the free, The beautiful, the brave— the lords of earth and sea.' But all lands, as well as Italy, respectively ex hibit their own peculiar loveliness and grandeur. The inhospitable frozen regions of the North, equally as the delicious sunny climes of the South, furnish endless materials for beauty and grandeur — delightful and awful, most powerfully awakening and morally suggestive. Even when Nature's wide domains agonizingly heave, as it were, with internal throes and convul sive emotions, the sublime of the horribly beautiful and awfully vast, tbrillingly commingled with in spiring terrors and dread alarms, with irresistible grandeur, attract our attention. Witness the more than foul- hundrt'a glacierB, or ice-fields, of the vast Alpine range of mountains, covering one thousand square miles, from one hun dred to six hundred feet high — the devastating avalanches of Switzerland burying in their snowy masses whole villages — the flaming volcanoes, one hundred and ninety three of which are known to be in action on our globe, a startling memento of the subterranean conflagrations, necessarily extending, but providentially stayed by the arm of Omnipo tence—arid the engnlphing earthquakes, six thou sand of which already occurring, have been, lately, historically catalogued and published by the British Association of Science in London. . . ?.!;.- Behold the boiling geysers of Iceland, spouting but columns of boiling water, more than' 10 feet' in diameter, to the height of about two hundred feet, preceded by a loud report as of artillery— the raging hurricanes careering along, in resistless might, at the rate of some hundred miles an hour, uplifting sandy deserts in one country to deposit them in another— and the crashing thunder storms with the flashing gleams of fiery lightnings. Look at the floating icebergs of the frozen mmnna tvinro limn nnp thousand feet hiflrh. extend ing to about twelve hundred miles in length by two hundred miles in breadth, presenting amid their awful vastness and appalling associations the most romantic and beautiful landscapes, with imaginary castles, turrets, hills, valleys, houses, and .churches. Cast your eyes on the all-sweeping inundations of tides and rivers, the lustrous meteors of streaming Auroras in the north and south, with their sportive fires, and variegated colouring of transcendent beauty — the roaring cataractB gleaming with all the rainbow hues — and the absorbing suctions of swallowing whirlpools. Contemplate the subterranean noises-^the pro digious fissures of mountains— the arched rainbow's glittering circles — the mock suns brilliantly reflected on clouds— the huge caverns in the earth, magnificently ceiled with stalactites, nature's rarest ornaments — the dread crevices of rooks — the meteoric illusions, in frozen climes, of large shifting islands, wlih their ten tliousuiid fnrms of pWles. battlements, ships, and sails, but at last vanishing into empty nothingness — and the snow- capped mountains piercing the skies. Bear in mind the abiding remembrancer of some of Nature's horrific convulsions, in the stupendous magnificence of the thirty thousand basaltic columns of the Giant's Causeway, in our native land, form ing three piers, the longest running nearly a quarter of a mile into the sea, ranging from, forty, to fifty five feet hieh, all with severest geometric precision of a pentagoral or hexagoral shape, so closely united that with difficulty could a knife-blade be inserted between the crowded columns: corresponding to which let us not forget Fingal's Cave in Staffa, one of the Western Isles of Scotland, its walls, too, formed of huge basaltic columns, its arched roof like Mo3aic.work, and its floor the ocean waves — all of most enormous magnitude and another of crea tion's rarest and grandest curiosities. Consider the ocean's water-spouts, mounting up, with an impetuous. whirl of spiral motion, into the clouds, roaring, blazing, and smoking. Mark the fire-balls, dazzlingly effulgent, rushing through the air with a velocity greater than that of cannon-balls, amid a noise exceeding the loudest roar of artillery. Look up to the overhanging firmament of the heavens— to the mighty orb of day, -filling the vast concave with exhaustless streams of. effulgent light and genial heat — the source of universal life and endless beauty. . Gaze with solemn awe on yon numberless myriads of stellar worlds, somo perhaps millions of times larger than this earth, with other celestial bodies, visible and invisible, infinite aa space itself, relieving the darkness of night with gleams of such glorious loveliness, connected in the bonds of one universal harmony, fulfilling without fail the flat of their great Creator, and inspiring so oft the minds of men with such elevating convictions of the idle vanities of time and the sublime great ness of eternity. Bear in mind that this room, with, you and me, with all its living freight, yea, that this whole earth, has, since I have commenced thin lecture, been rushing onward with a compound motion, like a carriage-wheel, through space, with, a velocity, in one direction, in its orbit, nearly one hundred times swifter than a cannon-ball, and in another direction, onitsaxis, at the rate of some hundred miles an hour! Observe, in short, that an unseen power, regular and irresistible, has whirled onward this our flying globe, these last two hours, upwards of 130,000 miles, exceeding fire times the circuit of the whole earth! Ah! how few know, how very many are quite insensible to, these sub liniest facts ! Bear in mind the multitudes — the showers of aerolites, or meteoric stones, variously composed of earth and metals, some weighing many pounds, falling precipitously from the heavens down upon our earth. Lastly — pass not by the geological formations of the earth, those huge layers deposited with such regular symmetry and order. Inspect, within the bowels of the earth', those fossilized remains of huge monsters, that once had life, but now, with all their species, are utterly extinct. Examine those bound less metallic and mineral treasures — the most U6eful to man, such as iron, coal, and salt, providentially the most generally diffused — capable by human art of such exceeding beauty, and so powerfully contributing in ten thousand ways to the influence, the benefit, and the ornament of our race. How vast and mysterious that mighty laboratory of nature, containing forty-two distinct metals, so ad mitting of endless combinations ! Imagine the secret processes of nature, for ages going on, dis solving the coarsest materials of earth in watery fluids, succeeded by regular crystallization, reuniting the once rudest particles of earth in a solid mass, in perfect geometric forms, giving to minerals that exceeding brilliancy, transparency, colouring, and beauty, so valued and so admired. Thua, in the dark recesses of the innermost earth, Omnipotence consolidates the lucid drop for precious gems, just as He tinctures the metallic dust for gold and useful metals. In these obscure and hidden retreats are generated transparent diamonds, sparkling with a -brilliant.' water,' and verdant emeralds diffused in tiio perfect verdure of spring, and scarlet rubies glowing with a crimson flame and bleeding radiance, and azure sapphires decked with the fairest blue tinctured drapery of the sky— and golden topazes emblazoned with dazzling yellow — and glowing ametrrysts empurpled with the blushes of the morn ing—with crimson garnets and vivid opals, and all the other painted varieties of precious stones with which Flora herself, notwithstanding all her fabled variety of colouring, might wished to be decked. But; lo ! — the unutterably effulgent majesty of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords — deigning, with his own lips; to disclose, in moi tal heiring, in apocalyptic visions, the inconceivable glories of tlie ' lloly City Jerusalem,' of those cloudless man sion's~of eternal blessedness — clothes these, his last and' special revelation';, m figuntive emblems, taken' from the'darksomo caverns of earth and sea, as ''if ' they, only we're in iny measuie cipable of appropriately illustrating, by hum-in expression, the glorious things pi ocl umed of the City of God This heavenly city 'has, it is written, 'the gloiy of God; and the light thereof was like to a precious stone, as to the jasper ?stone, even as crystal And tlie building of the wall thereof zvas of jatper-siom , hut the city itself pun gold, like to pure glass And the foundations ofjthe wall of the city were adoi ned with all manner of precious stones. The fit st founda lion was jasper ;' the second, sapphire , the thud, a chalcedony;' the'1 foitith, an emerald , the fifth, sar donyx ; the sixtii; sauhus , the seventh, cht i/solilt. , the eighth, .beryl ; the ninth, a topaz the tenth, a chryspprasus ;'?' the] eleventh, a jacinth , the twelfth, an amethyst'.' : And the twelve gates are twelve pearls, ojHJ.fo coc7i; and. every scvoal gate was of one scieral pearl; and the street of the city was of pine gold, as it werp transparent 'glass And I saw no temple therein -for the Lord God Almighty it the temple thereof ', and' the 'Lamb. And the city hath no need of the'sun lior the mben to shine m it , for the gloiy of God hath enlightened it, and the Lami » the lamp thereof ,'? And the nation's shall walk in the light of it; and the Icings of the earth shall bring their glory .*i»/l-lui)ior info: it.*..'. .. . . Suclythen, are some of the prodigies of creition — with.inriumerable others, known and unknown — directirs us to the eternal, and furnishiner our minds with the inexhaustible sources of that ideal ijriagery, whereby ? as artists on the canvass, we may ever express burning, I had almost said, divine thoughts, pictured forth, in human language, for individual enjoyment and social edification, Now why, in conclusion, is all this effort to display the wonders of nature's beauteous glories? It is, that, in the light of holy faith, we may as cend in thought to the great Prototype of the universe of worlds — the one only unerring Source of all genuine beauty. As Christians — let us regard it as our delightful privilege — in humility and gratitude, to trace, the lines around us of nature's loveliness, as a suggestive symbolism, to men, of the ethereal loveliness of Him, without limit and without end; according to whose eternal thoughts the ranges of 'worlds were ushered into existence, as a theatre for the display of his gloriousattributes, in the omnipotence of creation, in the mercy of redemption, and in the sure and steadfast promises of everlasting glory. We have seen how mysteriously our Divine Sa viour is identified with the creation and upholding of the universe of God. How else, then, let us ask, could any other charac teristics than those of beauty, and harmony, and goodness, and mercy, and grandeur, be indelibly [' legible in this material volume of these his own works? How, otherwise, could his choice wind put forth its everlasting yearnings in the typical em blems of his own natural creation — of Him, whose name is lave, and all whose work is love in and throughout the ages of eternity— of Hirri; whom the Church, his own spotless spouse, in The Canticle of Canticles, addresses as 'chosen out of thou sands— all lovely '- — yes, lovely to the eternal Father, lovely to the celestial choir of angels, lovely to the beatified saints, lovely to the Church universal; and lovely to every regenerated soul. How beautifully, 111 slwStt, does the poet Cowper moralise on his own — ' One spirit— His Who wore the platted thorns with bleeding brows, Rules universal Nature! Not a flower . But allows some touch, in freckle, streak, or stain, Of his unrivalled pencil. He inspires . Their balmy odours. and.imparts their hues, And bathes tlielr eyes with nectar, anil includes, In grains ns countless an the sea-side sanda, The forms with which he sprinkles all the earth. Happy who walks with him !? whom, what he finds, Of flavour, or of scent, in fruit, or flower, Or what he views of beautiful or prand In Nature, from the broad majestic oak To the green blade that twinkles in tlie sun, Prompts with remembrance of a present God I' Let us then, as the privileged partakers of such boundless mercies, of both creation and redemption — so gloriously secured and manifested forth, for man's eternal peace, in his holy militant Church on earth — take up the rapturous hymn of the same divine Church, glorified in heaven : when ' fourand twenty ancients fell down before Him that sitteth on the throne, and adored Him that live th for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying — Thou art worthy, O Lord our God, to receive glory, and honor andpoiver : because thou hast created all things, and for thy will they were a-id have been created.' It is thus, Ladies and Gentlemen — members of the Christian Doctrine Society, in your own sacred Confraternity, as in Creation and Redemption and in all the divine institutions of the Catholic Church, you may at once perceive the vivifying principles of love and order and unity, everywhere prevailing and fructifying, for the greater glory of God and the eternal benefit of our fellow mortals. What more sublime precept could be conceived than that so oft .re-echoed throughout the vast limits of our Holy Church, to the uttermost boundaries of the world, and one which so beauti fully ever characterizes genuine piety, namely — ' to love God above all things, and our nchjIWfytk ouri selves.' - W Called into being, andgtjB^aWd in your labours by so noble a PreJJ*jt\\*^ zealously pursue your unobtrusive, tiim most important, work, of spreaduidfcjj^romid you the sweet influences of ^lfti8p«reharity, and the benign lights of Christian As. members cf.the Christian Doctrine Society, you shadow forth in your own mission and work the incomparably beautiful spirit of the Redeemer of the world, whose gracious benignity shed forth its divinest influences in regard to the young. When others regarded those weak and tender ones with unfriendly indifference, how did the divine Saviour act 1 ' They brought to him young children' it is written, 'that he might touch them. And the disciples rebuked them. Whom when Jesus saw, he tvas much displeased, and saith to them : — ' Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid tlivm not ; for of such is the Idngdom of God. Amen I say unto you, whosoever shall not receive the king ? dorh of God as a little child, shall not enter into it.' And embracing thein and taj/ing his hands upon them, he blessed them.' ; Now, where else in the holy Gospels can we find that the ' displeasure' of the meek and holy One was so moved? What an ineffable condescension is here apparent in this action of our divine Lord ! What a wondrous lustre is thus shed around the young, in being so constituted, in a spiritual sense, the patterns even for our own admission to the fruition of eternal joys ! How transcendently glorions, therefore, the mi sion of all those who, following in the footprints Df their divine Lord, communic&te; to the young the golden principles of that pure faith, that holy clnrity, and that sure hope, so essentially iden tified with His holy religion and His holy Church, whereby children, as well as they too who instruct, may be blessed for ever. It is needless to add how our holy Church, founded by Christ's divine authority, and blessed by His divine presence, and quickened by His divine Spirit, manifests the very same charity for the young as her Almighty Head. Your organization and constitution at once evi dencn this truth. Several of the Sovereign Pontiffs— by divine right the only supreme spiritual rulers of Christen dom, jout of the exhaustless gracious treasuries of the church, by solemn acts, have assured to the souls of both members and pupils, worthily performing their respective ilutios, Ihe priceless boon of many plenary indulgences. Besides, your society, according to your printed rules, is 'in all things, under the direction of the Most Reverend the Archbishop, and the immediate care and superintendence of the clergy.' Under the protection of this venerable and holy patronage, your rules, specially approved by our beloved metropolitan, with that deep earnestness of style and manner so characteristic of his Grace's spiritual rule, specify many truly Christian precepts, for the maintenance of the true spirit of Catholic charity and Catholic piety among yourselves, that you may be the more adorned with every Christian grace, and that others may receive, by your attrac tive examples, the greater edification. It would be a censurable neglect on my part, if, as your fellow- layman — as one so happily associated with you in the cherished enjoyment of those spiritual privileges we share in common, as parishioners of the Sacred Heart, through the spiritual functions of the beloved pastors of this Church, if I did not advert, with feelings of exul tation, to the extraordinary success, so far, of- your operations. Your zealous President, Mr. Stanley, in his kind answers to my inquiries, has enabled mo to be full, and accurate on this head. So very recently as in August last year you wore first established in the Sacred Heart, at the direct instance of the zealous and ever watchful zeal of the Rev. Father Sheridan. What has been almost the immediate result? Surely nothing less than unprecedented success. Why, though little more than twelve months estab lished; you now actually number nearly fifty members, about forty of whom regularly attend to give Christian instruction every Sunday, with an enrolment on your books of about five hundred children, and with an average attendance on Sundays of about four hundred. And, at the present time,' nearly two hundred children are under pre paration for the next Confirmation. Let it be borne in mind, that-all- these children enjoy, moreover,, the privilege of beirig^Jnder the more special spiritual supervision of the Rev. Father Walsh, as Chaplain of tho Society, aided by the constant attendance of those eminent Christians, whom the very separatists from the Catholic Church recognize, as realizing here below something quite of the angelic life — doubtless you recognize the allusion — the venerated Sisters of Charity. Thus every guarantee is secured, that the children shall be carefully instructed in all the holy doctrines and discipline of the Church — in the Sacred Scrip, tures — and other such religious information as may be auxiliary to formingjgood Christians and pious Catholics for tho- Church, -and useful members for the State. - ' Can such striking evidences of success require any comment of mine ? They speak for themselves. I was so surprised myself, that I was stimulated to make enquiries, and I find, that though your society has been organized but a few months, yet your atten dance of members and pupils more than doubles any other society, either in Sydney, or any other part of the Archdiocese. Perhaps, I may be found fault with for making any such comparisons. I am too fond of facts to bury them. I am far too proud — if in such a cause I may venture to use that word — as a fellow parish ioner and as a fellow-layman, to thrust the Ugla of such a triumph under any bushel. Besides, does not Christian charity itself tolerate at least one ap. parent violation of its spirit ? And I am only too happy to avail myself of this one exception in my favour, and that is, according to apostolic command — ' let us consider one another, lo provoke unto charity and to good works.' Nor can I deny myself the satisfaction of men tioning, as your worthy president has. informed me, that you are indebted for your present existence, as a privileged confraternity, to the Australian Catholic Young Men's Society. I understand that the same marvellous success of that holy brotherhood of love and enlightenment, connected with the Sacred Heart, first encouraged our beloved Pastor, Father Sheridan, to hope for a similar success in the founding of your Society. His hopes, let ifs thank Gc-a,- hare feccn thus realized' beyond all themost sanguine expec tation. What an advantage, too, must the Young Men's Society afford yours when, according to their solemn missions, as vowed, of active devotion to the glory of the Catholic Church, they, in the spirit of the command of their divine Saviour, go out to the hedges and highways, and oven compel the ignorant straying little ones to come in and partake of the truest of all banquets so lovingly prepared for them. Yea, it was thus that Christ himself journeyed onwards, wherever poverty pines in sor row, or sicklies wastes away, or even where baseness hides its head. Nor let n-ood children suppose that they too can not help onward this great missionary work. Yes, a pious Christian child; even as the oldest man, can be a fellow-worker with God, for God. Let me read you a portion from a French mis ? sionary publication, of great excellence, entitled 'Lettk.es Edifi antes' or ' Edifying Let ters.' This extract is part of a venerable Missionary's letter, describing with/ singularly beautiful feeling his holy work. The missionary writes home, from the Mahomedan regions of Arabia. The subject of his remarks is but a little boy of five yecrs old. This holy servant of God thus proceeds — ' The district in which we now are contains a great many villages, at the foot of a moun tain, which the Arabs call Jabel Chelc, that is, the mountain of the old man, a name which they give it, because, for the most part of the year, it is covered with snow. On our arrival, we went to the house of a convert, an acquaintance, from whom we expected a warm reception. -We were not disap pointed j he received us with joy and affection. As soon as ho heard that tho missionaries were waiting, he ran with haste to the door to receive us. He immediately took each of us by the right hand, which, after he had kissed, he placed upon his head as a mark of respect. He then addressed the priest by whom I was accompanied in terms such as these—' My Father, thou art welcome ; at tlie very time'thou'wert coming I had thee in my heart; the blessing of heaven has descended, and, together with thy friend, enters my dwelling in thy company. I look upon this moment as the happiest of my life ; come in, my father, come into my dwelling, where thou mayest command and must be obeyed.' After the first interchange of civility, wo wero con ducted to a large apartment, in which a great many persons were assembled. They kissed our hands in the same manner as the master of the house had done before. Wo took notice, among these Arab Christians, of a very young child, not apparently more than five years old, who, having come up to us, went an his knees to beg our blessing. His baptismal name was John, and ho was surnamed by his pa rents ' The Riohes of God.' It is tho custom of this country, for the head of the family to give each child a surname soon after its birth. ? The Riches of God' was ; one of those fine characters, in which nature and grace seem to have combined to impart, by his means, happiness and comfort to a Christian family. To a fino countenance and a charming ingenuity he addod a natural suavity of disposition and an ardent desire of information. He asked us many questions on religious subjects ; and with a pleasing importunity, which is always delightful to a missionary of God, he entreated us to instruct him. Being'aware that I was to be catcchist in this new mission, I was convinced immediately how service ablo he would likely be to me. Whilst my companion went to visit the sick and afflicted, I assembled the children, and taught them the catechism. ' The Riches of God' soon became a young apostle. He wont to all the places whore the children usually played, and collected them together. God gave an efficacy to the words of the young missionary ; his playfellows followed him. At the head of his little troop he came into the chapel, with his eyes cast down and hands joined. ' Father,' said he ' teach us to know and love the great God of whom you preach.' His conduct inspired all the rest with a degree of modesty and docility. I could scarcely believe myself in the midst of unsteady children. They were like so : many little angels, the sight of whom awakened*- ?? the most tender affections, and excited me even to tears. But we were Boon to separate from them j . more pressing demands obliged our superiors to withdraw us. I cannot tell the reluctance with which we parted from so precious a little flock, or their regret when we wero about to leave them. They bedewed us with their tears. The delights which we felt amongst them are some of those choice consolations which God bestows, even in this life, on those who labour in His service; more, however, to animate their zeal, than to reward their exertions.' May our own beloved Spiritual Father be favoured here with some such little missionaries as this Arab boy. At all events, grey hairs may certainly be edified by the sublime piety of such a little one. How all the proudest philosophy of the world seems idle vanity, contrasted with the heaven-born aspirntioiiB of one, so manifestly, though of such tender years, the temple of the Holy Ghost! One moro word of encouragement. It is my pleasing privilege to enjoy friendly intercourse with a certain Catholic family in Sydney. I trust, in mere consideration of my purpose, I may be ex cused for any seeming breach of courtesy I may bo deemed guilty of, in relating a private conversation. With what deep satisfaction, I lately heard this respectable family stating, that — 'any good thing ing on, is sure to come from the Sacred Heart.' There are the very words. But whose words were these — they were :iot the family's. They were the words of one who is pleased to honor this Catho. lie family with his private friendship — of no other than of his Grace the Lord Archbishop of Sydney : and his Grace so expressed himself to this family. Perhaps I have gone out of my way to repeat these words. I felt, however, that they were of too important a character to conceal them from you — for they are the appioving words of one who, next to the Supreme Portiff, will, I am sure, have the influence lo rouse and inspirit you— and us all — to further achievements of well-directed heroic Christian zeal. : And lastly— you' are aware that all the expenses, incurred by this Society, fall solely on the shoulders of the limited number of enrolled Members, that is, to be plain, the Members must both labour in this work of love, and besides they themselves must pay for it too. Of course you are aware that the chil dren pay nothing at all. My own humble labours are given, and most willingly given, this evening, that the small pro ceeds of admission may give some little help to tlie Society's funds. Various expenses are indispensibly incurred. It is much desired to provide some necessaiy School furniture, Prize Books, Library Books, Stationery, and several other needful articles. The Society also particularly wish to procure a large supply of Bibles — being so well assured^ that sound Scriptural instruction, under the faithful guidance and direction of the Church, is one of the ; -n most cherished of all spiritual privileges in the esti- j . mate of the Catholic mind. vj I have not been in any way directed to make this observation. I make it quite as a volunteer. But it really does occur to me, that the faithful laity should nobly at once by a general subscription — for if general, to each it would.be but the merest trifle —take this burden off the Members, and so enjoy the advantage of sharing, in the directest manner, in that precious blessing, which must so assuredly fall into the bosom of all those who help onwards such godlike works. Be it, however, as it may, let not the cause of these our little ones suffer any in jury from the unworthiness of my feeble adv.oeuoy. Let me consign the matter to your hand. ' : ?,?. -, : Whatever you do — or however you may assist, let the words of the adorable Saviour-^of Him -who shall be our supreme Judge — sink deeply within us — ' Amen 1 say to you, as long as you did it to one of these my lea ft brethren, you do it lo Mrj :' but how awful the reverse — ' Amen I say to you, U11 long as you did it iiot to one af these least, neither' did i/oit do it to Mr. !' _ ;,-- Aneodotb of Marshal M'Maiion. — At tl'c present lime (says Le Sport) when every oyo is turned towards the hero of Mngenta, the following anecdote respecting the illustrious marshal will not bo found wanting in interest : — In the month 1 of December, 1 831', a grand hunt took place in the park of Mnntjeu, belonging to the Count Ernest tie Talleyrand. 'M. Maurice do M'Mahon (then a captain on the staff) was one among the number of distin guished sportsmen who met on that occasion ; and whilst engaged in a difficult unhavbouring of the deer his horse went off atfull gallop, and pitched him some half dozen yards upon somo fragments of rock here and there scattered about upon the. ground. Up in mi instant, and into the saddle again, sprang the bold young captain ; and in a few minutes he had resumed his place at the head of the field. ' It may then have been about elevon o'clock in the forenoon. Well, darkness closed in, and the chiiBc had not yet come to an end, neither had the future marshal of France for a moment paused in_its hot pursuit. But at night he did not appea'? at '.tho supper table, and then only was it discovered that he had broken his collar-bone in his fall. Not less to the credit of the hero than the adventure itself, is tlie fact, that it was not a subject of surprise to any one. He was already one of- those happy individuals who seem to be priviliged with a command of tho impos sible. The Invasion qv EnoCiAnd. — Tho Court Journal says it is a positive fact, at this moment there is in the war office a plan drawn by the Prince (le Joinville for the invasion of England, mid Unit the Emperor of the French warned Lord Lyons, at the confurenue at Paris, after the Crimean war, ' That he might be goaded on by his army and the people lo attempt an invasion, fur he was but ihVir Emperor, ' ' by election, and might be driven to act against his will.-' ? 