ABSTRACT OJ/ SALES UV AUCTION THIS DAY. MESSRS. BURT AND CO.-At their Bazaar, at ll o'clock, Horses, Dogcart«, Gig«, Truoks, Drays, &c.; MR. C. .MARTYN. - At tho Bazaar; at ll o'clock. Horses, Carriages, Gigs, Dogcarts, Drays, Harness, &a.; ; al the Cattle Market, nt 2 o'clock, Unbroken Horses. MR.S. WOOr.LKR._At lils New Horso Repository, at ll o'clock, Horses, Carts, Gigs, Carriages, Drays, &c.; M ESS US. TURKIS AND LAMBERT.-At their Mart, nt ll o'clock, Gold and Silver Watches, Silver Snuff-Boxce, &o.; MESSRS. C11ATT0 AND HUGHKK.-At their Silo Rooms, at ll o'clock, Drapery Goods, Underclothing, nats, Caps, Velvets, Laces. &c.; MR. J. G. COBEN.-At the Bink Auction Rooms, at ll o'olock. Jewellery, l'npier Macho Trays, Toilet Glasses, Damaged Guns and Gloves. MESSRS. MORT AND CO.-At their Salo Yards, Parramatta Railway Station, at ll o'clock, Fat Sheep ¡ at their Tlooms, at ll o'clock. Geary Run, District of Wellington, with Cattle; Bramina RUM, Murrumbidgee District. MESSRS. A. MOORK AND CO.-At their Mart, at ll o'clock, Watches, Blankets, Cjunterpaner, Wearing Apparel. MR. H. D. COCKBURN.-At Mr. Baker's, pawnbroker, South Head Road, at ll o'clock, Unredeemed Pledges. Mr. G. M. riTT.-Al Mr. Fullogar's Yards, Western Road, nt 12 o'clock. Pat Wethers and Cattle. MR. W. FULLAGAR.-At his Yards, Western Road, atl2 o'clock, Fat Wethers. MR. J. T. RYAN.-At thc Fox-Undcr-the-nill, rrosDcct, at 1 o'olock, Fat Cottle. MESSRS. STUBBS and CO.-At their Rooms, George-street, at ll o'clock, Currants, 011B, Candles, Groceries, 'Weighing Maohine, Brandy, &c.; . MESSRS. W. DEAN AND CO.-At their Mnrt, nt 12 o'clock, Entiro Plant, Typ?, Machinery, &c;, of Empire newspaper, with Loase of Premises. MESSRS. BOWDEN AND THRELKELD.-At tho City Mart, nt ll o'clock, Java Rloc, Ale, Porter, Spirits, Cigars. MR. C. AD RAIN.-On tho Premises Mount Lachlan, beyond the Boundary Stone, Household Furniture, &o.; MR. HOTTON'S MEETING.-A public meeting of the electors of Bathurst in accordance with advertised notice, was held on Thursday evening, nt the Prince of Wales Theatre, for tho purpose of affording Mr. Kotton an opportunity of explaining his political sen- timents. The house was very full, and the meeting a very noisy one. After having amidst continued in- terruptions and marks of disapprobation gone through a programme of tho principal topics of the day, Mr. llotton was proposed by Mr. Farrand, ns a (it and proper person to represent the electors of Bathurst in the ensuing parliament. Tito motion was seconded by Mr. Parker. On the show of hands being called for by the chairman, in the usual manner, it was declared by him to be in favour of the ayes.-Bathurst Times. DEATH OP MU. SUTTOR, .SENIOR,-It is our melan- choly duty to announce in the obituary to-day thc decease of Mr. George Suttor, the aged and highly respected father of the ex-member for the county of Bathurst (Mr. W. II. Suttor). For some months past the deceased has been observed to bc failing in strength, although lie appeared to enjoy good health and spirits. About three weeks siucc Mr. Suttor caught cold and became ill. Ile continued gradually to sink until Thursday afternoon last, when he ex- pired.-Bathurst Times. GIIOCKOIBS.-stubbs and Co. beg to remind tho trade of their salo of groceries, this day, at ll o'clock.-A nv. TUB KMrtsR NKWsi'APf.n.-Auolion Sale This Day.-Messrs. W. D an and Co. request us to direct tho attention of capitalists, speculators, end others, to their sa'e. this day, at their Warehouse, "itt and O'Connell streets, of tho Empire properties, type, print ,'ng presses, fixture, hook debts, &c-12; o'clock prompt. See ad ,'ertlicmcnt-ADV. DH'U'I:IY.-This Day.-Chatte and Hughes havo requested us to reminu ourchasera of drapery of their large and unreserved sales for this db.'T.-ADV. WATCH " u'ld Clock Maker?, Furniture Dealers, deniers rn earthenware others, aro requested to ho punoiLnl lu ttclr j altendanco at i^e 8a'c8 uy .i Rooms, this day,' iVosday, i Otb May, 1859, at 11 o'clock precisely, I comistingof Jerome'".* tt!Ebral!>!¡ P'.ocks, Jewellery, toilet gjuif, I earthenware, &c-ADV.; THE REV. T. BINNEY.-On Sunday last, two sermons were preached in Sydney by the Rev. T. Binney ; in the morning, at the Free Scotch Church, in Macquarie-street, and in the evening, at the Baptist Church, in Bathurst-street. At the former service, the rey. gentleman took for his text. 2 Corinthians chap. iv. verse 18 : "We look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. " After some introductory remarks, pointing to the importance of noting under some regal and predominating in fluence, and that influence being a Divine one, he briefly noticed the two classes of things which were contrasted in the text. The " things seen " meant of course, whatever addressed itself immediately to our senses-which excited our passion and prompted to action. Amongst the " things not seen" we must refer, as first and pre-eminent, to God ; as the visible rested on the invisible, so, to the eye of faith, He was seen and felt in all things. No man had seen God and, in the same sense, no man had seen man, for the personality of man, the spiritual nature-that which makes him what he is, the sent of feeling, thought intelligence, religion-these, no man had ever seen! There were also comprised the things which God had revealed to faith-the developments of truth and righteousness indicated in the Scriptures, and, to be anticipated in this world, the fulfilment of the pro- phecies, the resurrection of the dead, and the eternal issue of all that had been done, and felt, and manifested on earth ; lastly, were included God's everlasting and spiritual laws which underlay all life. Mr Binney then advanced to notice the par- ticular kind of contrast that was intended by the Apostle. This visible world with the heavens, the sun and stars about us, though their antiquity baffled our arithmetic had, in the abyss of the past eternity, a beginning ; there was a time when God lived alone, and was, so to speak, Himself the universe, before He spake the worlds into existence. All our calculations of the antiquity of the material universe came to nothing when contrasted with the actual and literal eternity of God. To those who looked at " the things which were not seen," the universe appeared like a clothing of the garment of God, which He could take off and put away, but He would remain the same. There was a contrast, too, between the in- dividual and the race ; the individual was nothing compared to humanity, which stretched through many ages. "While that which was seen of man was but a vapor, he had that within which would live as long as God. All this was strikingly applicable to the invisible, but real moral and spiritual laws which un- derlay all life. All the various forms of humanity- fortune, fame, wealth, thought, action-weve tempo- rary ; they had a beginning and an end ; but the law that made them what theywere in the sight of God was as eternal as Himself. We might find humanity in various colours, with different habits and dress, but there was in all the same bundle of passions and faculties ; everywhere we came into contact with God's spiritual law-the law that every intelligent creature should love God, and should love every other intelli- gent creature. The posture of the Christian man in looking at the things not seen implied that he believed in them. This belief was not the conclusion of logic, but the recognition of Divine authority, and con- sisted not merely in an intellectual persuasion, but implied a moral impression. Out of this apprehension arose thought, feeling, action ; and hence the Chris- tian man meant, by looking at the " things not seen," that he pursued them and aimed at them, and that they gave the scope and direction to his life ; his grand aim was to keep himself in harmony with God, with the Scripture that he studied, and the Holy Spirit that was in him, and to lay hold on eternal life. The effect of these thoughts, when thoroughly believed and felt, was to take away the littleness of life ; everything we did might be associated with the infinite and the eternal, thus giving a character to all we did or were. The subject taught us to think greatly of the nature that God had given us, and which had been made still more great and wonderful by the incarnation of Jesus Christ ; and it also afforded us firm and solid footing to help us in duty and in re- sisting temptation. What was temptation but just the Devil trying to persuade us to take the temporary and immediate-to accept the seen instead of the un- seen? But when a man stood upon this text, he could say he did not regard the momentary pleasure or the immediate advantage, but he looked to that which was not seen, and he had strength and courage to resist the temptation, and to put it away. These thoughts; too, would strengthen a man with relation to suffering, aflliction, vicissitude, change. At the conclusion of the sermon Mr. Binney invited the assistance of the congregation towards liquidating the debt on the chapel, which was about £2000,In the evening Mr. Binney preached from Romans, chap. xiv., verso 17 -" For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." He commenced by explaining that the different antecedents of the Jews and Gentiles had induced corresponding moral and religious asso- ciations and habits in the Christian Church at Rome - the former attaching importance to ceremonial observ- ances, while the latter could do without them. Not content with this, the Jew condemned his brother for neglecting what he thought Divine services, and he was on the other hand despised by the Gentile for what the latter regarded as drivelling superstition. In seeking to put them right the Apostle did not deliver an authoritative injunction, but reasoned the matter, calling on them to exercise the feelings of living men, and advising them that in reference to secondary and ceremonial matters, the great thing was for a man to be persuaded in his own mind, and not to condemn others for that which he disapproved. The two most frequent meanings of the phrase " kingdom of Christ " were, first, the gospel dispensation, as distinct from external and carnal systems ; and secondly, inward religiousness ; these meanings here blended into each other. The term righteousness signifies the forgive- ness of the sinner, and also, a sanctification of heart and God-likeness ; the immediate object of Christ's mediation being to save him from punishment, and the ultimate object to produce subjective righteousness in him,-first to bring him to God, and then to make him like Him. There were also two senses of the phrase peace, blended together in the text ; it was the immediate relief from the burden of sin; and this also became a disposition, a ruling sentiment. It was difficult to catch the exact significancy of the phrases peace and joy, but in the latter there was some analogy to what was called pleasure or excitement ; so, while peace was a deep internal blessedness, joy was the temporary ripple or the surface of the mind. Now we could not speak of joy or pleasure in relation to God, but we could speak of blessedness-deep, calm, unagitatcd-that infinite ocean of blessedness, unruffled even with the waves of joy. But as we could have passing satisfaction and enjoyments, let it, says the Apostle, be that which can be sanctioned by tho Holy Ghost. In ex plaining what " the kingdom of God was not," Mr Binney said that the words "meat and drink" must be understood figuratively in relation to that which belonged to religion, and proceeded to show that the kingdom of God did not consist in religious acts or ordinances, or forms of church governments; these were the " meat and drink," and might be attended to by those who never entered the kingdom of God. One thing to be inferred from this subject was a great presumptive argument in favour of the Gospel as such an innovation upon Jewish prejudices was not likely to have been originated by such a cere- monial bigot as Paul had been, or to be readily accepted by other Jews. This con- ception of the spirituality and universality of the gospel, of tho Jew and the Gentile coming to love one another, and to serve God under a dispensation which was not " meat or drink," was a diviner thing than the Apostles themselves could understand. If the Apostles had made this gospel, they would at least have understood it. But they did not make it ; it came down to them from the bosom of God, with the stamp and character of His large fatherly love. The concluding lesson to be learned was, that of charity and mutual candour and forbearance on minor points of religion, and of preparation for the world where all externalisms and forms and different church govern ments and ceremonials would be done away with, and nothing remain but " righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." Mr. Binney briefly applied the subject to the special object he had been rcquested to advocate-the Baptist Foreign Missionary Society. A collection on behalf of this institution was made immediately after the sermon. At both the above services there were crowded congregations. INQUEST. -The inquest on Mr. Henry Wall, late coachman to his Grace Archbishop Poling, was re- sumed at the coroner's office yesterday. No further particulars respecting the cause of the accident beyond those published in our issue of yesterday were adduced. From the evidence of Dr. Nathan it ap- pears that when the deceased was admitted into the Infirmary on Friday evening he was suffering from injury at the base of the brain, and had symptoms of injury at the base of the skull. There was a contused wound three or four inches long on his forehead blood flowed from his left ear, and subsequently from his mouth; his case was considered hopeless from the first. The deceased was a native of Kildare, Ireland, was fifty-two years of age, and had been in the em- ploy of Archbishop Polding for six or seven years, Verdict, accidental death. 