GENERAL NEWS. .Ts;BarrlsTS. NAvY.-We l:nave spent upon steamships alone about £22,00 !,000 sterling ; and we have spent upon tle engines of those ships about 60,000,000 more, This, be it understood, is entirely exclusive of armaments of the vessels; nor does it even comprise the cost of use less and wasteful experiments. We mean, that. the steamshipsof various burdens now actually rated as belonging to the British navy, and disposable for the public service, have cost for mere construction and ma chinery alone some £28,000,000 of money \--The Times iEx?TRAOnDINARY ExuIlarTIoN. - A Mr. Lees Wilson, ia native of New York,is travelling through France atpresent with an exhibition of a u:ost extraordinary kind. He hts collected, throughout the four quarters of the globe, all the instru ments of torture and death which it was possible for him to purchase; and has thereby formed a museum, unique in its kind, illustrative of tue history of crimi nal. punishments. Among the objects is a complete guillotine s id to be the a entticel one whish was built by the learned doctor who gave his name to the instrument, and which was erected-and had hard work in 1703, on the Place Maupert, in Paris. The Chambers of tl e Inquisition, and the secret prisons of the Vehmg'ericht, are likewise represen:ed by a largUer number of hideous contrivances. The Courrier de Lyon, froin which paper we got these par ticula:s, says that Mr. L. Wilson arrived in that town a few days ago, with his ex hibition, packed up in two waggous of most gigantic dimns;ons.-fkrme NVews. 1MUsIC OF TIIE ..,IDDLE AOGEs.-'.ue Courrier de Paris contains a curious pice of news. Accoe'ding to this paper, one Anseline Schubiger, a German monk, has justC discoSvered the hitherto lost key of the church music of the middle uges. There are still numerous manuscripts of such compositions extant in the public li braries of the Continent, which might be highly interesting, if this information should prove true. Father Sehubiger is said to have been led to` his discovery by an ancient tract on the celebrated choris ters of Saint Gill, who is well known, flourished from tth eighth to the twelfth century.-- lbid. LoRD 13ROUGHIAM's GATLLANTRY. The C.itic thinks that the following story which it has heard of Lord Broughamn', "homage to beauty" wears a look of raisemblca ce:-As Lord lBroughain was leaving the House of Lorus, lie met a fiiend who was proudly escorting two very handsome young ladies. 'Alh! IJrougham,' was his greeting, '1 am sorry you are leativing, because my fair young friends laud made up their nllltds to Ilea you address the I-louse.' 'Then,' retorted Brougham, casting an eye of udmiration upon his ex pectant audience, 'they shall not be dis. appointed ;' and forthwith he returned into his accustomol place among the Peera., whilst the lathdies were escor:cl to the gallery. Lord Melbourne was then in office; and when the first pause in the p'oceedings occurred, up ,jtumps tIrougtham with a question upon soume intricate imatter of toleign policy. The poor Premier smuils amiably, but hopelessly ; he is not acquainted wiith the facts; no notice has been given of the question; he is very soruy, but must inquire for information. 'This was all that Brougham required. Once more he rises, but this time withl that terrible frown upon his brzow, anti that rugged voice with which he knew so well how to crush an opponent. A lphillfppic tagainst the incapacity of the .\iinister, tile negligecuce with which public affairs were conducteid, tile shuawefuli supineness and indifference manifestmmd by the advisers of the Queen, was poured forth with all the rough, strong, rapid, eloqiuece of which this man alone waits capaul, Lord Mcl bourno cowered in his seat; the rumour;' of this great speech brought loungers fromt thie Coualons to listen to what seemted the death-blow of the Ministry ; Queen Victo ria herself heard what was going ot, tand trembled for her amiable Mliisatemr. A leatding article appeared in next mornin'si Times, treatiung tthe spe?cu as soimethitig of' the last imlnprtancu; and it was only made, after all, to pleaso a patr of pretty wornua in the gallery, who to j it as they would any ottaer tribute of Itua;tguu t, their beauty-a? bouquet, a box at the opera, a whitebait diuner, or ta new boulllOt." 'f l?R ENaISir CLERGY A TIIOUSAND YEAts AGo.--8o illturatte ''ore even th, olergy of of England wnoii Alfred begat to r'elgtn, that " very few there wesre," tie lie hlas hitrself rectdodi, '' wio coulti undorstead tactr daily prhuer's ii English, or traualate any wrtting hfrom the Latin." lie adds, " I,- irdeed, cannot recollect one single intance o n tho south of the I'Lbe whien I took the kingdotr." But Lo ases turned his realm into an adult school, for he mnde even the poor old nobles ar to roed, as well as the clerks. Sl0r scholars doubtless tlhey were ; and tih King, like his s'e;ronothler, miust needshllll out nimany a pt iz in or der to stimulate thir tardy ambition. 'The learned mnen of the past day lihd almost all PI'ished to. gether with their hooks; and Alfred had to search :i1 England, and to send literary embassies to lfoetgn lands, in order to secure tgachrt. s for .hiself, and for his new Univresity of Oxford. Asser his future friend and biographer, was found somewhere in the westeirn part of \Vales Gritabuld, a learrred monk, h Lhoad treated with kindness the little Angle. Saxon Prince of four )ears, when he was travelling through France on his early mission to Rome, wasl sought and found. Perhaps Gribl ld's gift of sweet son, was e rmentbered after those manye tr.ubloub years. lie blecame one of Alfred's wurt. cougouenial companions, and used to soothe King with his melodoous foice. But it evas Asser who taugnht Alfred to keep i Common-place Book. The Welshman chanced to make a qurctatiorn which struck the royal ear. Alfred drew fiorn his bosom his little manual of devo'ion, and asked Asser to write it down, It was full, and so Asser proposed to make an album, which shoultd oceive the stray scraps of learning, that nothing might bh lost. ITe idea takes, and volume alter volume is stoned with fragmentary wvislom -now it is a text i'orn Holy Scriptur.; and then it is some fine classio thought, which tre royal scholar renders into hi own terse Saxon.-- litan. lNINsI LEA.tsrs.-T'he first mining lease itunder tlth new regulations h?ve been issued, the e ecipent being MIr. Ehlard Potts. 'IThis geentliemaa has the honour of being one of the earliest, if not the ear liest, quartz miner in the colony, and first comonu nced operations at .pectmen Iill, S:klcr's Gully, Forest Creek, about Christ: tnas, 1852: the achllinery lie then am. ployed being a set of stamper5, worked by manual labour. The landt now leased by the Crown consists of 105 acres of well wooded and watered country, situated near the Lone Star, G lordon goliflelds, and in-. cludes four reefs, styled respectively, Morris, hlorg'tn, Leviathan and Lona Star, The lease is granted for tn years, at a rent of £50 per annrum, and the lessee is boundl by the covenants to expand £05000 itl working the atrea granted and to have :£2000 Wrot tl of machinery on the ground wit!tin ia prio.l of two monthls frorn the date of tire lease being signed. Mr Potts is in treaty for the purchase of some ilt proved machinery, anti commences his un dertaking under very fitvourable auspices. There can be no doubt that the issue of these clases will inaugurate a new era in mining enterprise, since it will now be possible to combine labour and capital in a manntr never previously attompted. "I BEWARE Or' FALSE BRANDS."-.I notice bearing this heading, end warning the public against purchasing certain kinds of beer and spirits, the brands of which have been insit tteld, has been affixed to one of the. black boards outside the Police Court, joeechworth. It exhibits one of each of the kinds of labels lately seized in Locli-street, and at the foot is also ap, iended a copy of a recipe fobr the manufac. ture of port wine, which was f'outnd at the same tnie. The curious who lately may have indulged in some of the 'curious old port,' may go and judge for thezmselves of the noxious ingredients of which it was manuart ctur 'ed.-Constitu tion. \VRECKc OF THE BRIGANTINE '' VELOCITY."-- AII FAX (N.S.). January 19.-We have recolrd' a melanoholy disaster in the loss of the br'i;tiuo Velocity, Miller, of Sydney, off Pope's HIarbour, on the 18th instant. This vessel leIt Invaunal on 25th December, in ballast, for Sydnteyn ; ;-lhg experienced boisterous wealtler the whole passage.. On Staur. day, 8th instant, at four o'clock n.m., salhe struck ol the dry ledge of PIpa's Harbour. Sholtlv after a heavy sea struck her, seriously mairming thi second rlmate and the man at the helm. A lurc'l of tie vessel filled tie forecastle with w'ater. 'The cr'w arid In.ster' rushed to the qularter-tdeck, where they lashed the second mate, who was disabled, to prevent his being washed overbo:rd. In this fearful state they remained unhil daylbreak, when they forttnd tihe vessel hind cntted seawards, trntl was breatking asunder, Albout eight o'clock shIe Iloket in two, tir0 am:irlnrast f'llinrg ove' tire port sid", and the l'orettllrst over tho st~arboard. All halnids clung' to the foremnat except the second hIate. Thie piece to which te wnas nlashedl brokle loos,, and callried hiln witill it. On the daty Ihey were wrecked they were in the water for twelve houts. Tlrh e.psress givers the 1ollowirng list :-Saved -JItohn NicollS, of L'ith, Scotland, soet Inaa; 3lschnol Es:nonrl utd Richardl Budgu, both of St, Johln's, N.F. Diedl Danietl A1ililer, of Glasgow, Scotlastl, ci.litain; Churlls Prltrer' of St. Johl's N.F., tirst mate; T''homas Mitchell of L ith, Scornntld, secondl mat ; Johlrn Finlry oh El linblrghl, serrmaLnrt; O iarles OlCrk, (colot'udl), of larbadloese,cook, -jlitoCell' ,loaritime Regisster. ISTAKEN IIn:rTITrrr.--'ThIe person errt 10 tRagltin on ialticitn of beingtr t t alan Cole nllia, clharged wiltl the murdierlr of Mr. Young of thu Grrampiansn in tIe sprin, of 1855, har been dischlarged, it bhinrg slhowrni'that to I'loes not answere to thIe deocripition of the person twantd.-1leral. STtaw A Co?snucTon.--Thlo power of otrtaw ais e conductor' of electricity has ibeen utilised it tIe south ofl Fralnce~, no loss thioan 18 comttnunes in thre neiglhbourhlood of l'arbos having bheen irovilded tl ith conductora.co5" poCsedl of' strawR. hlxperimouts show tilatal electricaul shock sufficiently powerful to kill aneox may be disclharged by a singloestrae. -; y5 A oAn.-A correspondent J]U"nT Y SD t ch1hn?an has sent us the follo" ing Ot ?dun o ]dlast, April 2, a little boy n0 eI .artio 10 years of age, who was ending I?,rs on the stuiblo lands of Mr. tendig pgders was frightfully mangled George bandlhe aninal had strayed from by a boatr. s, and the child was at the oticr pith1ive l,im Iback, when th? : teorptinged upon hnt, and, but for timely boaistanc'o would certainly have devourej it vo nld seem that on tasting the lhis' blood the boar became perfectly fcildous and the united efforts of three men, who were providet:tally near and heard the screams of the child, was essuary to save him from being literally eaten up. As it is, be is covered with aenrful \ounds, and lies in a very pre feariofstate, little hope being entertained ofarios ... .o Mr. Sanders has caused the boar to be killed."--South Aultstaliana 1i ?s' o?-lAN.-FLEsIILESS DIaGER or IlunoLonT.A passenger friom Iu:n ld l says the T,initu J'ournal, relates that whent Captain Miesteo recently de stro ed an Indian rancheria, one of his n- ~,~lnclr Simith-entered a deserted hot, but cane out a great deal faster than t he I e went in, with eacLh particular bait en etd, and declalining' that there was a ghost within! Tihe jest of the others in duced the i ant to go back, but again he returned mote precipitately, and swore that thelre was a moving skeleton in the lodge. Afte'rwntds, tan opening wns made is the but, and a living skeleton was dis covered crouching under a basket-an oantnatedl natomy of skin sand bonesfive feet six high, which weighedr but siteen ounds ! ThLe thing is declared to be a cctlete embodimeiot of death, without a particle of flesh discoverable either on the limbs or fce,. and that it was small onought it toe rVaist of it to be spanned by a ean's and, yet capable of walking and intelli gent action. T'he prisoners employ the skeleton tmao in mixing bread, in which his long, bony claws exhibit cosideourable dexterity. So far as ths ctldtlity of our inforanut goes-and we have no reason to aestion lais verncity-the foregoing is no ioax; he declared that he hiad seen the skoleton which will shortly be sent to the s ?ttlemn?es as the greatest physiological heome' of the ageon. His captors believe that theo attenuated creature is the conse uence of some unknon disease which has slowly wasted the flesh without ex lehlino life ftom its ghastly tabernacle. If that be the sort of enemy which Mestec has to fight, we implore him to raise the siege and come home. SwtNnoLihoa.-'TIh Police Court was occu ierd inearly the whole of the day in the inves tigatiot oa charges preferred against a young manl nismed Lewis George, who has, for the past fifteen months been enganged in a whole sale system of theft from different soft goods warehrouses in the city. He was in the habit of making purchases and availing himself of avorable opporttnities to pilfir articles of value. Wheilst in the employ of the firm of John RIoss, hoe abstrncted several hundred pounods worth of valuable goods, for which, lntortunately, unotler young mrian in the stablishment wans blamed, and owing to the suspicion entertained against him had Ihis praosperit in lith in this colony ruined, and was comopelled to leave it in unmeorited dis grace. 'The firms of Watson and Co., Findlay and Co., with whom the prisoner dealt, were also victims by the prisoner pilfering habit to a large aomount. The prisoner was observed by a clerk in the firmn of Watson & Co. put tiong a roll of ribbon into his pocket, and upon a detective being called in, a qunntity of' lace eollars. also abstracted with the ribbon, were found secreted on hlis parson. The premises of the prisoner atEmeraild Hill lwhen searched brought to light the thefts committed upon other firms, for whiclh he was committed to take his trial.-Corres. Geelong Adv. PORT Cuirts.--1'hesteamer Euagle, on her last trip from.Rockharmpton to Sydney, brought with her 18 ounces of gaol. This fact proves that the few diggers re rmining at the Port Curtis gold fi3els are at all events doing something' ; but, as we have not any information of their num bers, it is impossible to mnake any estimate affecting the degree of success which these persevering men have achieved. From Rockbampton intelligence has been ro ceived of the occurrence of another of those melancholy contingencies which are incidental to bush life. A young man had been lost in the scrub, and up to the date of the last communications to 1race of his reaiains had been discovered.-Ierald. 