New Zealand. perform the Sydney Empire, August 4.] On the 25th July a public meeting was held, the Superintendent in the chair, for the purpose of presenting Dr. Rochester, of the Austrian ship Novara, with a purse of money, for the purchase of a piece of plate, in testimony of the public appreciation of his services in the geological survey of New Zealand. The purse contains £150. After the presentation and address, with a suitably reply Paora Tuhabre, a chief of the Ngatiwhatna tribe, who was surrounded by several of his fellow-countrymen, here stood forward and addressed Dr Rochester to the following effect (as interpreted by Mr W. B. Baker) : " Friend, I salute you, and am much pleased to meet you here, because I was the first per son who addressed the strangers who came hither by the Novara last summer. I was told that they were friends of Queen Victoria, 1 and that the object is visiting New Zealand was to make themselves acquainted with the people, and to examine the features of the country. They found a living in peace. War and dissention had disappeared from among us, and we submitted to the laws of our Queen. Thus it was that you were enabled to travel through the length and breadth of the land without fear of molestation or interruption. We recognised you as a friend ; we were told that you took a deep interest in our welfare and in every place you found a welcome. But now that you are going away, let me express my regard for you ; and, according to the custom of my ancestors. I address this farewell Bong to you : .? 'Whilst the misty clouds are rolling round the peaks of Tautari, Let me weep in silent sadness For the loved one torn from me, Friend, whilst thou wert near me dwelling How my heart's love cleave unto thee ; But to distant lands thou goest, Wandering like a ghost of night. Vainly did my best affections Tell me that thou wert my own ; And in midnight dreams I fancied That we never should be parted ; " Soon, alas ! thy form must vanish, Lost in distance Fare thee well-" Dr. Hocbestetter replied to Paora in Maori-of which his pronunciation was so accurate, that his native auditory said they thoroughly understood every word. We subjoin an English version : Friends, I salute you ! Friend Paora, I salute you, the Chief of Ngatiwhatna, who has ever been the friend of the Pakeha. I am much pleased to meet you here ; because when our frigate, the Novara, anchored in the waters of the Waitemata, you were the first of our race to welcome the strangers who were visiting your country. And now, you stand here to bid farewell to me, to the per person who was left behind. I also am about to depart; and then, all those whom you greeted with shouts of welcome, and the waving of hats, will have passed out of your eight. " This parting reads my heart with sorrow, And overcomes all other feelings." I have heard your friendly expressions ; let it be my duty and pleasure to convey them to my friends, who are now far away. Friends, the Chiefs of this place, and of other places, I salute you. Here am I, the only person who remained to examine your island, I have travelled through the country, from the West even unto the East. I have visited Kawhia, and seen Tamar there I have been to Mar kets, on the other coast, to the place where lies the anchor of '. Te Arawa j" there were the canoes in which your ancestors embarked, when they sailed from Hawaii, and landed upon Te Ika a Mary. I have climbed to the tops of the hills, and have descended into the valleys and I have stood at the base of the mountain which lies to the South of Tongariro and of Ruapehu. In all places whither I Journeyed with my companions, our ears heard the friendly greeting, '"Welcome! Welcome to the Strangers! Welcome!" The w hare punt were prepared for us, that we might sleep in warmth and comfort, the 'wives and daughters of the Chiefs spread before us the food most prized by the Maori. And my sight was dimmed when, looking back, I saw the smoke of your dwellings dis- appear behind the ranges of the interior. Friends ! it is well that I see you standing before me ; but others, our mutual friends, are dwelling at their homes. When you meet the chiefs of Waikato, of Mckau, and of Wanganui, tell them that I still bear them in remembrance. Tell the Chiefs of Whangaroa, of A area, of Kawhia, of Tauranga, of Maketu ; tell the men of Taupo, of Tarawera, of Both Iti, of Rotorua; let them all know how my heart rejoiced when I saw them living in health, and enjoying the blessings of peace, in their villages. I have seen the Pakeha and the Maori dwelling together as brethren, having on God, one Christ, one Law, and one administration of Justice ; being subjects together of one Queen. You have embraced Christianity hold it fast, Rock after those things of the Pakeha which will improve your condition, that you may live happily, and enjoy the blessings of civilisa- tion in this beautiful and pleasant island. These are my farewell words to the Chiefs of New Zealand. So long as the vapor eddies round the summit of Whakaari ; so long as rises the steam of Ngauruhoe in a cloud piercing column ; so long as the waters of Te Tarata and Otukapnarangi descend into Ro tomahana;so long as the sacred fire from Hawaiki burns on Tongariro; so long will I remember them. Farewell, my friends ! dwell peacefully in your homes. And when I am far away, remember me, even as I also will ever remember you. The native guests, at the close of this address, shook hands with Dr Hochstetter, and thanked him for his friendly farewell words. 