THE FORTHCOMING EVENTS. {To th.. Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser,) Sir,-I send you my usual "tip" for the two events of importance which come off on FriJay. I will give you the result of several conferences with the different stable lads, and peeping; through the ke.v-lioles. For the Borough Cup "Old Reporter'' is a dead certainty. " Waterworks" is considered by some of his friends as a sure curd, but I am inclined to believe the pinch at the Insolvency Corner will ruin him in the race. The ''Veteran" shows well, and will make it tight work for any otlier animal to take second place. The " Eureka Old Horse" is, so it is rumored, scratched, but if he starts there is no doubt he would make good play. The " Philanthropist' will run well, but I am inclined to believe cannot with his proposed jock be kept in the course. As to " Young 'International" he is all too weak for the job, and it was a violent mistake to enter 6uch au animal for the cup at all, and he had better be withdrawn Rnd reserved for some of the two-years old events. I place them thus " Old Reporter," 1 ; the " Veteran," 2 ; " Waterworks," 3 ; " Philan thropist," i ; and " International," o, THE MANDURANG STAKES. The four entries for these stakes are, with the ex ception of one instance, not likely to produce much satisfaction to the sporting ooiomunity. There can be no two opinions about " Gas." He stands A1 in the betting, and must be landed a winner. " The Doctor" is entered, but has not yet arrived. If ho goes for tie stakes he may attain a second place, but in the doubtful state of affairs, I will put down " The Smelter " as No. 2, though his dangerous skittish temper renders him very open to run amiss. " Serpentine'' has not the ghost of a chance, unless the "Smelter " should disqualify, and " The Doctor" not arrive in time. I send you therefore, subjcct to alteration, as men tioned-Gas, 1 ; Smelter, 2. Forward P.O.O. as before, and believe me Your true LEICESTER-SQUARE PROPHET. P.S.-Since writing1 above, I hear "Eureka and " The Doctor " are both declared not to go. 