GXEA.T MEETING AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. A great publio meeting of the United P/esbytari&n; Church of Victoria, was hsld in tha Exhibition Building yesterday evening, in comnamiration of the union. Th? building was filled at all points. The platform was occupied by tho clerical gentleman whoso names were sigued to tho document given in the report above. Mr Yuhb actcd as choir leader. Lhe uev. Alt UEriiuiiitfOT.iK ope led tne service by rea 'ing the 10'th Ps.vlm, which w is sung by full cho'r wi'-li in orgn aaompiniinont. He then read a passage fr.m St. Paul's first cpistti to tho Corinthians. Prayer fas ott'sred, and the prelim'.na-y scrvica was concluded by singing th? 24th Psalm. Tho MrtDZitvroK of the United Presbyterian Church of Victoria, the Rev J. Clow, then rose and s iij : Ladios'and gentlemen, the occasion of our present meeting is one of tho happiest and most important that can bo conceived. In past timos our groat differences of opinion ssp iruted us from one another, and we furmed ourselves ioti distinct bodies; to-diy, how ever, we nro preienting that delightful spectacle of Dnvnr.,1 HS ri-t ! ,1 r. hnrlioc unifo.l in nm. lU.urnh ? nnrl mn are thereby assuming a poiition moro consonant to the holy spirit of our religion, and bettor adapted ft r pr~ imiingits interest. To mo pert,onully the occasion ofthis meeting is one that affords tho most sincere gratifi cation I have witneejed tho p-ogress of t lis colony for upwardi of twenty-one years; in all that timi, notwithstanding tho very wonderful nnd diversifiei natnie of the things that have occurred, there is not I onceive one wh'ch will bear comparison with tho union that has this day been consummate l. I n#w feel that tho church, thus united, is ndmirnb'y fitted to promote tho highest and most permanent interests of the colony. Tlie truth of tho assortion 1 feo. confi dent will be apparent to nil of you after you have heard the ad tresses which are this evonins to bo presented to you. It would be presumptuous in mo to detiin vou longor with any observations of my own. I *vill now call upoa the Ilov. Dr. Cairns tj add-ess you. The Tlrv. Dr Caiuns then said-. Were it not that u . i- 1. .1.., . .... .u ? ... .1.,, , l,-„ .1, c finest music w is pleasant 10 tho tar, he should bo well contented to forego his speech, and sit quietly down to enjoy the solemn strains to which he had listened with delight. (Applause.) Ho had been asked to address them upon a subject which was specially interesting to them, namely, lUo Divine warrant for Presbytery— whether, in fac, Presbytery was uf Scriptural origin (applause); and in submitting to them a brief it itoaieut, ho would call their attention to tbo leading principles of their eceU-siaitical system and Church polity ; aud in doing to, ho was anxiou* not to say anything offensive to other Chris.ian bodies, but rather to speak iu terms of civility and respect in reference to all tho b-anchcs of the great C itholiu Church of Christ. Ho desired to live on terms of fellowship with all who loved tho Lord Jc3U3 Christ in sincerity and tru~.li. Presbytorianism : I Wi-i so called to distinguish it from prelacy nn the ono hand aud independency on tho other. The G'cik prcsbutcros iguiScd leader. They found the word to be synonymous with tho word bishop or oversrorof a flook, and as the minister of the sanctuary used to minister its affairs. Upon « careful study of tho Scriptures they would bo convinced of two things. In the first place, that the grand principles of ecclesi astical polity or government aro there distinctly revealed. They, as Presbyterians, wero con vinced that this momentous matter had not been left a quostion of expediency or ono to bo determined by mere caprice. (Applause.) Ia their opinion they were clearly revealed by an autho rity which admitted of no doubt, and with a clearness sufficient to satisfy the man who was no' blinded by prejudice or ignorance. (Applause.) So far as tho 1 substantial verities of the gospel were concerned, there could be no douht about, the principles, organisation and form of Presbytery, which was the body of Christ's visible church ; and in saying that they had 110 hesitation in. declaring the spirituilness of their Presbyterianism. Secondly. The dogma of apos t - ical suciejsion, was not only without a warrant in the riivino word, but it was plainly repugnant to tbo letter, tha genius, and the spirit of Chris tianity. _ (Applause.) The apostles were an ext'aordinary race of ministers. To bean apostle a man must have seen the Lord himself, and must hive been divinely inspired ; ho must have possessed the power of working miracles, l'hero could be no apostles without these powers ; honce it was impos sible that any set of men not possessing those attri butes could lay claim to apostolus succession. (Applause.) They might ga back to very remote antiquity, and they would find that a system of Pres bytery existed in the Jewish Church ; in fact it arose out of tho necessities of tho eocial state of the Jewish people. And the system of Church Government which was necessary for that people was equally necessary for any society of God's people at the present day. (Applause.) Their model they thought they discovered iu the arrangements of tho synagogue— to each of them there was attached a company of elders, then there was a pre sident »f that company who was the angel of the church. By these elders or rulers of the people justice was adminlitered, and nu appeal lay from them to the great court of the synagogue, which sat in Jerusalem. Tho apostles, who wero Jews, very naturally introduced into tho government of the Christian Church tho ecclesiastical polity with which they had been conversant all their lives. Now, aVha spoke in the presence of persons who were well ac quainted with tho Scripturcs, he would ask them whether the words presoyter and biihop wero hot used interchangeably throughout tho whole of them. Take, for instance, thi 17th verse of the Aots of the Apostles, chap. 20. St. Paul, in sending to Ephcsus, addresses the ciders of tho Church. And again, in the 28th verse of the samo apostle, ho again addresses them, telling them to take heed unto the fact that tho lioly Ghost hath made them overseers. In the epistle to Titus I., 5, the apostle instructs him to go to the said ciders ; for, said he, ' tho bishops must be biamoless as the stewards of God.' Now let tiiem suppose that thh large assembly were jmt to send an address to the city oi' Melbourne tolling tho people to t ike every possible c no to elc ct as their chief magis trate the wisest and best citizen. Tho offico of Miiyor wis the oflico to which the highest responsibility at tached ; and what logician would dare to arguo the chief magistrate was an entirely different person from the Mayor of the city ? (Applause ) Yet this was r.r tl.o triml lnr-io u-hi»V- .m.l. .HOP ......... between the elder and the bishop. They read of elders who ruled over others ; and of t-ldors who had autho rity in matters of doctrina only. They had an ex ample of the latter in the Kirk sessions. (Applause.) Than upon thii he observed, first, that by divine direc tion a plurality of eldors was attached to each congreg ition, and no instance wis met in tho New Testament, in which a congregation possessed a single older ; then in the second piaco they could not find a singlo trace of pre-ominence amoug.st thosa elders or ovc-se3rs. (Great applause.) They could discover no such thing as prelacy or that there was any orie eldor vested with authori'y over another; they found it, on tho contrary, expressly forbidden. Thoy wero told that the princes of tho Gentiles had domin on over their subjects. And t..en again, with 1 egard to tho bishops, overjeers, or elders, the sime divine com mission was given to each and all. (Hear, hear.) There they found the elders collectively invested wi'.h tho prerogative of ordainiag, but there was not a single instance of that preroga tive having been conferred on an individual oider; the ordination wis always made by laying on the hands of the eldors collectively— (applause) — therefore, they might fairly conclude that the ofHeo of Presbyter was a subject of rovelation. (Applause ) Another order of the Churc 1 was, that of the deacons. In early ages they wero a very imuor.aut body of oifice-bcarurs in the Church of Christ.' The Ap03tles instructed the people to look out amongst themselves for peopfo of honest repoit, filled with the Holy Ghost and wisdom, to adminiiter the temporal affairs ol the Church To every congregation such an officer ought to be appointed. ( Applau-e ) He believed if every congregation in this colony had had such a body of temporal managers as those deacons— spiri- tual-minded men, and men of Christian resignation, —tho affairs of every congregation would now be in a state of prosperity, of which they had no con c'ption. (Applause.) The people were not a promiscuous body— they were a select company. Their proper name was ' sons of God '—holy persons— and it was because they were admitted to be members of the Church of Christ, they were numbered amongst the people of God. Now until they gave satisfactory evidence of their knowledge of Christ — of their faith in the Redeemer — they were not tho people of 'God. That people were a chosen body, and had an honorable place in the santuary. It belonged to them to elect all thoao who held office over them. Our Lord himself called upon tho people to elect a di» eiule in tho place of Judas who had betrayed him. I'he people electcd all those who held otfico over them, because the grcate-r comprehended the less. They (the Presbyterians) maintained that their system, if properly administered, prohibited oppression and ensured rational Christian liberty. (Applause.) Minorities wero somo 'IU« Il6 11 !? — ouuieumca nrunj. jib . re- . luembered to have hoard Lord Melbourna say that in his opinion minorities were always right; without iroing so far as that, he would say they might some times be right. A single individual might stand in tho position of a minority and yet bo right. Presby te-ianism provided that justice should be done to every individual as far as justice could be done by any human institution. If an individual member f«ilt dissatisfied he had the privilege of ca ryiog his ., ca«o away from the locality in which prejudicial , inflicnces might exist, and have it decided by persons who wero entirely uninterested in (.10 result. Eve-y individual might carry his. case bifore the highest court of the church, beforo which he might go and plead iu person for tho cause of truth and righteousness, or against some heresy with which ho raigh'. happen to be acquainted. (Ap plause.) Presbyterianism had always proved itself friendly to sound doctrine, in proof of which he might cite the Waldenses, the Piedmont Church of the Alps, and tho Westminster Standards. Their people baitiz instructed in tho word of God. thev had a sua rau'ec for tho soundness of thoir doctrine to an ex tent which he believed was greater than any other denomination. ( Applause.) It was friendly to tho ciuse of education, because their you'.li must be in structed and infjrmed in ths knowledge which made wisa nnto salvation. They were aware what their groat reformer said, tli'i property of tho church ought to bo divided into thro ? parts— one for tho poor, another forthe administration and ordinances of the gospel, and the third for tha building and endowing of giainmar schools, parochial schools, and colleges. If tho scheme of their grout reformer had been acted upon, they svould now have been ia a stite of en lirhtenmeut nnd prosperity which words could hardly describe. (Great applause.) Thar sjstvm had always been friendly to perfect civil liberty. (Loud applause.) Ona of their famous qaeeus schcined and plotted how she could fetter anil gag tho Church, and a leading member said to her, 'Take . away from us our elders and assemblies and tako away the gospel ' King James, who hated Bsseinblies as lis ha'cd all elso that was good, used to say— no bishop no king. Upon that maxim ho thought Presbytery incompatib'e with monarchy — hence that arbitrary power— hencj that despotism — heneo tlmt pride— hence his pnekod juries- hence hi; pers- c:i'.to:is -und hence the ignominy of his mer ruo.y. He would not countenance a rystem of Pres byteiianinn which was sectarian in its views. Ha hoped t.'m Prssbyteri vnism . which he and they loved, ' would ofi'irc! a mi.ldlc ground upon which episcopacy nnd independency might meet, aud that they might thus form a tripartite alliance. (Great applause.) The fulness of time would coma during tho next generation, wh^n a great advance would be made in tho unity nnd principles of true charity. Tho rev. gentlc m in expressed a nope tuat tie umo would come when lhey should not want a model. He pro feired their own freo prayers, but if others pr- ferrod n liturgy, provided it was scriptural, ho did not object to it. As to the bishops holding formal sway, although he held firmly by the doctrine of olli.inl purity of ministers, it would bo no groat matter if their Church courts were presided over them, if it tended to a moro complete union of the various chrMiaa bodies Independency would not only ba Faveil, but improved by adopting a portion of tho icclosiastical polity of Presbyterianisni. The rev. pi-ntlemaa then rcforred to tho chnracier and defcrip tio' of ministers required to meet the wants of the colony, nnd then continued: — Anr.thrr ciicumstimce was, that whero a bjdy was small — that was as to numbers— a profane or unchris | ti-ui mind or two mightnukoa world nf mi?chief. Ho might dictate his own term', and if they were not 1 complied with his humor, he, to uso figurative lan cungo, just cips'z -d the ship. To avert such evils in time was 11 most important object. IIa was happy to say thut on that cecasioa thsy had 00 ordained minis ters who attended to promote, heart nnd soul, the union now eonsumma'ed. (Cheers.) In a few years ? this number would in effect be multiplied by five, miking 330 ministers, and in a few moro years i-'tViy might confidently expect they would have one thousand in their ranks whoie live* would be devoted 10 preaching tho word of God ; and when that should c 'in a » ? p»« , whv, they could bear tho eccentricities o a few wronz heads without much annoyance. At , tha same lime it was over to be borne in min i tint rtieir (.artj would eUect nothing, if not quickened by D'via« Piov'.den e. For a Chutch wi hout the -piiit of (i ii and t'le g orious lamp of etern*! light, w u d never enjoy the leal elements of tha Christim fiith. For thit bleating, therefore, tiey iau ;t never oeaie to ]ray. Above all, a bind of Christian , timw.bjr anl love must be the bi«is of their union, for a church divided in fc.'liig ? amiug t ttfelf, waa of all things offennve to God, nnd odi-iu- to maa. \Vh*t would the nbcrnaelo hive . i een to David if devoid of all those circuma'anees «.- ? wh c'i nude it love tohis sight r This grace would bo K-ven to them if they only sought for it. Let it be . , their (ir«t c miideration thit their elders incut day after day to dedicate it to tha Lord's namo, the light , of w'aieh woul I ever bsas a golden candlestick, never Jto ba removed from it* placs. They would thus be . , as thi city aet on a hill. Ia conclusion, let them i:ray . tbaf the Lord their hea 1 would shed bis gmca ou ? the.ii, and that the work of his hand be established on tbeji. (Aoplauet,.) The ltev. Mr Ocjilvie said : It is with much pleu , aure that I rise to respond to the cill which you have mw made on me to address the meeting. I esteem it t a high privilege and honor to have had n part us , signed me in the programme of this night's proaeed . fnga. I have long looked forward to the union which . his now been hiFpiiy elfeoted, ns to an object which wai greatly to I e desired. (Cheers.) I think, sir, that X may, without presumption, be allowed to appeal . to yourself, whose friendship I have baen favored with for a period of no* nearly twenty years, that my effo'ta niv'- ever been directed towards preserving ft ad maintaining unian among tho Preibytoiiana of the cuiouy, a «u that when upon any occasion division und differences did arise, I was ever ready to concu- with those who sought to heal the breach and to tfFaet a ; re-union. (Applause.) These being the sen'iineiits which I havo ever entertained, I may perhaps be allowed to congratulate this meeting on tho happy union which lias now been eiFected. It is one to wtiicli I give a most hearty [concurrence, — -nto which , 1 do most unreservedly throw myself. I feel thai we are now in tha proper course— that we are now in the , path of duty. That we are in the way to which the leadings of Providence have been guiding us — in tlm , way which the great Head of tin Churcn has been ' , pointing out to us to walk in. For mytelf, I may be allowed to aay that I have, in a manner, aiuicipaieu , thia union; '.that I have been long at a loss to per ' oaive anything like sufficient ground for the Churches remaining separata. And, under this conviction, I . ' have deemed myself at liberty to j oin any of thu ,, colonial Presbyterian Churches, and to belong intci changeably und alternately to each. With regard t - the par;icular proposi'ion to which, as I understand . X was expected to apeak — viz., that the rresbyturian system ia founded on Scripture, and is admirably adapted to preserve the spiriiual liberties of a Chriuian people, and to promote the cause of Christ amongst all classes and uations,— I hope that it will not be deemed inconsistent with the maintenance und ?upport of this proposition, if I decl«ro myself a Unionist, above any uiatinotions of a mere denomi fttlonal nature; and that whenever I fall in with one who gives good reason to believe that he is u trot di-cip'e of Christ, there I recognise a bond of connec tion wUioh unites in a way that p ta entirely into the shade, and indeed wliul y annihilates, mera dononr national distinctions. And further, I feel assure I ' that you will deem it 1 1 be tqinlly cunsisten. wit'i the maintenance o- t'le proposition to which I hiv referred, to concode, as tin Presbyterian church hi» ever boon ready to concede, (lu clitin and tiilc ol other clraiches (not Presbyterian) to he portions of the true and universal Cliuich of Cnriit. Wnethi'- a time shall ever emu in the course of th i Chu uh'. history, when all deuomini' iuaal distinctions 6hall disappear, aud whsn Christians shall tee, eye to eye. . on matters ol Church government und discipline, a ihiyteeon the leading and rsfentinl ductiino ol the Go-pjl, I cannot take upoa na.to fay But I oin well understand how, thit when the minds of men come generally to be pervaded with an eariust de-ire and sincere love of the truth, and when thit love operates in prr ducing a more universal and hear - felt regard and love for each other, they will come t ? the csnsideratioii of all questions ufTaoting tlie consti tutiou of the Church of Christ, anil involving the interests of his kingdom, with minds divested of muoh of that prejudics and p.opuatessioi with which su^ questions have been in former limes and still are re gar dad, Bui lie in now o ipea't mora directly to the proposit a i which I have bean called oil to suppiri, I have no doubt but that you have been well aati-fiad, from tne arguments which D.- Cairns has adduced, that the Presbyterian sy»tem linn tho solid basis of Scripture whereon to rj*t. That its essential fea tures, viz., the pa ity nf rank of its meaibjia, the oBlca of its ruling uliler, its government by the p.esbj tery and other Church laws, are all drawn from, auj founded ou Scripture— that the word 'bishop' or 'overseer ' and the word 'presbyter' or ' elder' are u-ed to decide one and the same olass nfpe sons, and that tliure is not u single passage that e in be adduced to show apostolio or toripture authority for the constitution and maintenance of a class of pen- ons who are known as diocesan bUhopi, having the owe - i aiglit, not of a ibok, but of a Im Iv of meraWi within a particular district or diojese. Upon that part of t o' proposition which regards the Scriptural lu-i-, on which tha Preabyteria.i sys'oni is Jounded, 1 will not attempt to add a word to the argjmems vvlitc i have been employed by Dr Cairns. And as to the remain ing part of the proposition to which, as 1 understand, I was mire particularly expected to spuak, if you are eanvinced, as I doubt not you are, that t'lo Presbytt riaa syitem is indeed founded on ^ciip'.ure— that it haa the authority and s inction of the great [lead of theOh'irch— then you will penult ma todra\vthi- corollary or inference, that it is, and must he, emi nently nnd admirably adapted to preserve tho spiii tual liberties of the Christian people, aud to promote the cause of Christ among all olasass and nations. Now, in order to per ceive how it it that the Presbyterian system operates in producing these results, consider the uature and tlie worki'ig of tho syUsm. It is a system of gOTsrrun nit for tha Church, for a {.eculiar siciety ohoion out of the world, composed of tha wholo body ofbelievers in Christ, itbeloagsoffightunderthe Pres byterian sya em to the members of this body to have an eff ctiva voice in the »ettl.iuant of their minuter-. No minister without \ violation of this right can be forced upon ati unwilling people; and the minister when called by the people, and inuueted in the vunrgD^is iho uiituor miuwu in me uuuruu Tho associates on Mi equal footing with his folluw minister*. There i* no superior olllue bearer to exer cise authority or government over him. He and bis fellow ministers, along with ruling elders, elected by and from among the lay members of the church, ex eraiae the solo authority aud government known iu the Presbyterian aytt'iu. Thef -atureof the ruling eldership ia one which I beiieve is peculiar to the Preabyterian Ohurjh, and it is one which is clearly founded onScrip'u;e, The distinction between elders who simply rule and elders who, besides ruling, labor in word and (loc.rine, is expressly recognised in the Word of God. And now observe how the existence of this c'ass of churoh olilcers operates in preserving the spiritual liberties of the Christian people. In the flrst pltoe the mainhers of tlie C. lurch are not ruled over by u hierarchy. They are not subject to tho go vernment of a body of ministers, of a court or assem bly of ministers. The npiritual affVrs of the congre gation are under the management of the Kirk session —a body of men elected by and from among the lay members of the Church, tf which body the Minister is the moderator or president The lame element enters into the constitution of the Presbytary, the radical and characteristic oouri under this form of Church government. And ii I eouallv nflrviwlea thn fivnnil -. i) or lii^inlr i-nnrlj nf ill,. Ohuroh. Observe, also, in regard I - the elder-, thai they are eleotod not by the mere sitters in the Church. Such have no voioe iu the eleclion of the eldership The election is by tho inomhora alone, and all the members of every rank and o million havt an equal voice iu the elec ion. IJjdoi thit system of Churoh government, il can not but ba that the npiiitual libortij* of the f'hri tian people will be effectually maint lioed And il thia system wero to be universally adopted and dif fused, the oause of Christ would iudeed tie promoted among all olasses and u nions. Ou lhi» list portion ol tho proposition which I have to maintain, via., the promotion of the eaus? m Christ through the instrumentality of a Church, framed ou tho Presbyterian kysteni, 1 again i-evevt to ni) former remark, that il that system lie a «nri[i ural on' it mil '? be eminently tit. ed to fulfil the great function of a Cliurch, viz , the promotion of tho oause of Ourist throughout the wurld When we consider, however, Iioy litt'e has been done for several hundred yeirs by tho iliuroh in the way of ag^reasivn movemenu upon l.e ithen nations and when we contrast her conduct iu thia l-esptct, with that of the earlier Cmiroli, which, cumuuilcius: at Jerusalem, so thereby difl'ised herself throughout Syria, A-ii .vlinor, ligvpt, Northern Afrioi, 'ireeo. , Italy, aud the rest of Kurope, we must he convinced that ehe has been fearfully dellcient in fu'tl'ling one of tha great evils which sho was lilted anil designed to promote. At this stJgo of the proceedings the symptoms of impatience amongst the meeting had bacome so tutui feat that the rev. gentleman beoanie almo»t inaudible. The Ch.uuma.y rose and -a! I : 1 have particularly to request that you wilt hear the gentleman out. A voios in the distance: The gentleman speaks in auch a low tone of voiae that we cannot understand him. Tho Ciiaiuva.v : I ain sorry he it not heard by the meeting gmarilly; but hi now informs m« that he is about to conclude. The Rev Mr Ooilvib resumed: I was about to remjnd the meeting of iho t tt'ort8 uladu by tho early Christian Chu oh. I'he command, as originally given 10 her by hir Head and Lord, wai to go and make disciples of all nations. That oammund co lati tuted what the late Duke of Wellington inchirao teriitic and expressive Ungua^e called ' the maroMng orders of the Church.' It wis the parting comm and of our Lord, given at the very moment of his n«cen *ion. It was a command given then ; it is, I *u'i mi', a command given ii'iw And if so, theis «e have his own exhortation, to which wo do well 1 1 ui»e heed,—-' If ye love me, keep my commandment I now sit down, by submitting to you the proposition that tho Presbyterian ay-tern is founded on Scripiu-e. and is admirably adapted t- preserve the spiii'.ual liberties of a Christian people, and to promote the cause r-f Christ among«t all claasca and nations Dr WlLKIK said it was with great pleasure he hid | come there to witness the oelcbration of the Presbyte rian Union. Aa a member of the Synod of Vioioria, he might say they were all moat cordial and uuini uious in their approval of this Unir.n, nnd ihty r^ g?rded it as an important event to the causn of I ree byterumsm throughout the world, and he felt assured their rejoicing on that occasion would mjet with ihe heartiest congratulations and sympathy from their co religionists ia all parts of the world. It wai very gratifying that the influence of a divini ar: ' Chris tian character should now so manifest itself amongjv all classes, and he confidently expected tho happiest, results. Tli« past condition of the Pres byterian Church must havo been legarded by i.ll seriously minded mon with pain. In Scotland, such differences were perhaps more excusable than liore. In that country tho Preabyterian Church, from its earliest history, had always been subject ta the inter ference and persuasion of the State ; but in this colony they had always enjoyed the most perfect liberty, aud it would bB impossible for tha State in any way to interfere with their privileges. Wlion leaving their native country, with possibly their rela tives or families, to tako up their homes in a far ofr country, why not leavo behind thein those sectaiiau doctrines which prevailod amou; tu. ir brethren in Scotland, which they were under no ob i gation to adopt or perpetuate ? Iu laying the found i tion of a new empire in Australia, why should they not have regard to laying the foundation of an &ustr;*li in Church, while at the same forgetting tho secta rian differences which it was to ba hoped thev hid left in Scotland, and in order that they might be able to hold out the hand of fellowship to Preshy teriaus throughout the world. It augured will for the futaro of the Union they had met to celcbrato, that so much mutual forbearance had been sho.rn by the different synods which had entered into the Union. It was well known that the United Prer byteriaa Church had long maintained a strong op position against State Aid, and yet the minister ot 'that Church had consented to the Union leaving the State Aid question to be settled in Parliiment. lie could have wished that the Free Church had been present, for he felt when they really had a Union of all the Synods, they would call forth the admiration aad sympathy of the whole Christian world. It was to be hoped that the congregations which had de clined to join, would be brought to do so; thus there would be a glorious future yet iu store for the Church (Applause.) The ltev. Mr J ahuktt hoped he would not be charged with presumption in appearing on that nc cision, as he hail been requested to do so, in the ub'unce of a minister, who it was understoo I would attend. The topio he was about to speak on was to havo been spoken to by a minister who had failed to perfoim the part that was assigned him. ('Name, mme.'J lie had since been requeated to parfonn that part; if, thereforo, in hia observations therd should appear a want of due consideration, his ex cuse mu t ba the shortness of the time a. lotted to Uiui The bubjj'jt was 'The Union, as it afiVted ths prosperity of the Church it elf.' Pirit'y, whit did tliay und ratanil oy Union f Perhaps between union and uniformity there wis a dMinction, witlnut an apparent diff. rence. It was possiblo that a e iu nunity might out ivardly agree on doctrinal points, and yet there might be great ddlV'i ences of opinion, thuiu being no real harm -ny of feeling. S ich was not their acceptation o! Oiris ian uniiu, nor was such union proinotftl by a m-ire agreement as to dogmath statements. Such an agreement rni^lit contain the exact Shibboleth of d igmatio views, and yet it might be fir separated from Chri'tian love. Thty must gather tht-ir ac ceptation of Christian love from tho life of llim who was lltted to exemplify it. The words of our Lord given before leaving hia di disciples were, 'Father, that thoy maj be one ai we are one,' It was therefore not mere unanimity ol sentiment, and a dry u ihesion to doctrinal points, although an agreement in sentiment was absolute') necessary; bit a o irrespondinj uuaniinity of Cnri.s tian feeling in the mind - t - be in miud ns one with the Lord. Thev had had t -o lonir an exhibition of the other view of tho question iu the spectacle pre sented by the Presbyteiian Church in this colony hitherto. Ho earnestly prayed thit the Union that had now been consummated, would be one not only ns to the great doctrinal pjinti of scripture; bat that they would desire to emulate its .Master himself. And if they considered a Union suoh as he desoribed, they might be fur ther aided by tho reflectioi of the standard of its opposite. Had not the whole body of profes ing Christians been scandalised by tha iliU'sronoB of opinion which had existed amongst those professing the same religion ; nad had they not found that while it oxiitml, it was hopeless to expect that a real C iri tian spirit would operate throughout the world. I'hise causes of soinilal takon out of the way, were they not in a position to go foi th to the WJrid, und say, we have arranged all our dill'ifonce.s, as they hid | done that day, and they would now iu Christian har ' mony labor, us oircumstauccs might diotate, in ex tendinj the Oospol throughout the world. It must be admitted that at list they were hut one body, united for the honor of their Divine Master, There was one subject he would mention that had often seriomdy cngag-il hia attention, and he might say of those around bin, it was that, in the interior of the co'ony, in some l-inalilios many cUii'chca were crowded to gether of congregations t rofessing the sumo doctrines, whereas iu others there were none, although uiuoh Winted. The Cniun would now be in a position to nuke better arrangements in this matter for tbo future, anil localities would be occupied according to heir importance. But the moat direct and p.owoifu! itiflaenue which would be directed on tho Cuurch j itself, waa that they were nvw in a position t) unite tog-tl:er to pray for the blessing of the Head of the Jhu cY An individual believer mi/lit expect to b 3 blessed iu his poraonal eapaoi'y buthowciuld a Church cxpict to be blessed in its collcc ive cipaoity, if among its members many were opposed to one umtlier ? Therefore, in order to be blessed with an all-pervailiug spirit of Christian love, it must ba by a spirit of charity and fervent love amaug themselves. And, as they wera aware, it was not the foundation of accurate logical doctrine that u oisiiiu.eo me Mi-Cess o» me ouuruu, nor was H merely the tores of eloquence, but an infusion of tho Holy Spirit. In conclusion, he huped that the Head of the Church would pour out a measure of his grace on the labors of their Union. (Applause.) The 23rd psalm was then sung, after which The llov. Mr UALf.AN'rir.VK addressed the mae ing. He aaid : Christian brethren, I e3teem it one of the happiest ci'cumiianoes in connection with my history in the colony, that I have been enabled to take an aotive part in the various negotiation* wh'.aii havo at length led to the happy consummation of a Union bet ween tha difi'eroiit branches of the Presbyterian u'nurch of Victoria, and also in being permitted fo take part in this even'ful commemoration fcene. As I mingled iu the solemn events of this day, my feel ings were at times almost overpowered, and frequently I could have wept toars ot happiness and joy to see dissension and disunion give place to reconciliation and joyous unanimity. (Hear, hear.) When I gaze itroaud this platform und in those pews, and behold fillers and biethren, ministers and people, elders and deacon-, th it up to this day have baun kept apart by dei.omio t.ional birders now happily agreeing to bury in oblivion past controversies and dissensions, blending their sympathies and their pruyurs together with their uuiio.-t and continued ttf irts iu ouo new Church. I I'Hel my heart bounding with pr.ii.se und exaltation within me, and 1 cannot but believe that heavenly angels look ng down from their starry throne', must feel un atterabl* j -y aud deli, lit at such a sight And f the spirits of those ancient founders of our faith are -ver peimiited to revisit thesB earthy soenes, how must tha swelling bosoms of a Rutherford, a Knox, a Gillespie, and a - luimera beat with joy unsi-e4kable and full of glsry at the scene ho now witnc-.sad 1 liie.ir, ueir j i suu in mis union uiui, would will (ill wuh j -y the hu.rts of brethren at him i. I «ee hi ibis Union a fulfil mam of miny prayers espeeiilly -f thit len ler nnd itlfecfing pi f i'ion of our blessed Lord himself, a prayer fall of love and afV o:ion — ' Chut tiioy may bo one even as we are one ' \\\ra tire all members of ons family, w.i nuy havo been separated for a thus by minute an s iburilinate differences, still the grand leading linea ments of tho family may bo distinctly traoed in all of us, aud they had iioiv ull c one t-gether a^'uiu to dwell mice more under oue roof; lie would then say, ' Peace bo to Jerusalem, thoy shall prosper that love thee; for lily brethren and compiui ins' sake I say peace be within thee.' I am consoi -us I am unable t - do full jus'ica to the importaut to, iio on which 1 have been requeated to address y m, viz.: ' I'he in fill line of union in tho Churoh on ths wo ld with out.' There have been thousands in every age ; there are thousands now ; and thore will be doubtless thou sands in succeeding genera ions yet to conn, who!e only es imate ot leliuion will ho formed from the aetions and lives of its professors. You may tell thiiu that this is a daritprous, a false test, and an uusafe mode of judgment; you may refer them to the grand fouutain head of our religion, tbo Bible itself, und tell them to examine for themselvesthedoetrinas therein contained You may point to the glorious and unstained life of its founder, our glorious Uodeuuier, but they will not listen to you, and you will ba imatile to pursuade them to do so ; the only evidence tie world will read ia that contained iu tho life aud conduct ot' thu profes sors and supporters of that religion. What opinions then are uieu of the world aud infidels liltely to forra, when they witneis tho sad dissensions that have oc curred— and arc oojurrin* ia tho Ciiri. tian Chu'oh. Will they not point tha fijger of scoru us f an t | tay look how those Christiana quarrel. Is this Ciiri - j tiani'y i I know llicae quo.tions miy be aniwerei, j and llieso o'.jditioiia met to the satisfaction of the ! Chinch i'si.lf, but not to the world. I licy (tho f w irlrt) point tu the dimensions which exist, bui titbit | g'orious Union which haa existed, and, thank God, s still dojs f tis: am mgst the Chuichca, and which, spi'o of nil ob-tacles, hai accomplished so much in Cliri* tianiiing the world. They point to the time of adveriity, but not to that of prosperity; like ally feeding on garbage ue^ltctiig what is pure anil beautiful, they point to tho dark side, but overlook the bright one; they touch upon too excrescences, but altogether ne^lacc the symmetrical body. Let tbe Church theu improve its prone.-.t opportunity. Instead of jealousy and dis se uiou let there be eoufileuce aud unanim ty, sym pathy, concord and love an mgst tlu brethren. Let minor points be placed where Chiist intended fht-m to bo, subordinate to the vital principles of their cjmmun Christianity, and Ut it be mtide manifest ti the world th.'.t meu differing perchance an fco-ne ai.iur points are still capable of being knit together iu tho bonds of unity und love. This will mike the ?hafts of sarcasm and infidelity t* -11 harmless and ic:lf--c:ive. Another important result of this ujity of parpoje and feeling wilt be, that more compact and foicible action will bo brought t) bear upon the world for its evangelization The Church will then be more powerful — there wid bo more ardour in hnr spirit, more influence ia her position, and moro funds in lior exchequer. What would have been tho fate of ('to lar's legions of old had thoy been arrayed on tbe Held of battle without inilitsry skill, or with out any c mcentrated pi in; or supposing them to have been tno.-t admirably arrayed, still what would have been their fate had there boon no directing ipiri:, nnd had hundreds of diffirent orders b?en given f Would thef hive over conqujrcd (as thi-y did) nearly the whole of the known world r No ; but the drat shock of In' tie would have sent them scattered aud flying over the plains ; CnmrVs glory would have been dimmed, sail Home's proud caglo laid low in the lust. So, my friends, is there every need for tho church to prepare tigurously lor her wn fare, sy tain itic illy, and with a union of purpose. In order th it s'ae may success fully contend with sin, Papal delusions, t'le world and the devil, her forces must bo properly managed aud ju liciously arranged, or she may en counter a defeat when thero should be only conquest and a glorious victory You all remember the re ma-k of the soldier to his general on the general's remarking to him that the city thoy were abou-. to attack had no walls for its defence. ' Sir,' answered tho soldier, ' the valor ail I concrd of the oilisuns is a wall of def nee to tho city.' So is it with the Churoh, in the cincord existing within herself and her union with her great Head exiita her chief, her only strength. When wo seo tha infidelity that exists around us, the profanity of t'e land exemplified in oaths and blasphe mies at the corners of the streets, the deserte 1 saaatuariea. the desecrated Sabbaths, the worship of mammon, tbo soul-destroying delusions, and the various formi of licentiouinesa spread over this fair land, aurel] it is high tune mat too groatcst unity snouiu prevail amongst the Church, and that she should arise anil put on her beautiful girinonts, go forth strong as the sun, -and fair aa the moon, conquering anil to con quer, uitii the kiii;(doji- of this world become ilia Kingdoms of our God anil of His Christ. (Applause ) Thu llov. Mr M'Xicol then came forward. lie suid : Mr Cliiirman aud Christian friends, I yield to no one in the joy 1 feel ou this au-pici out occasion, and in this happy union which this day haa bcun so gloriously consummated. This union he b-dieved ti be in answer to many fervent aspirations mi l sincdre prayers, especially to oue of our Lord himsolf, thit his . people may be one. That heart must be old indeed that could remain un moved and untouched amid the soul stiniug scene i they had that day witnessed, where — 'Grace like tha morning dew tliitils, And all the air is love.' I iiiu-t say even at the risk of being called weak minded and foolish by nun of the world, that I never expcct to experience greater happiness or more solid enjoyment oa tM» side of tho grave than I to- Jay felt when lilting side by side with my brethron, and com memorating tha death of our blasted Lord and Re deemer ; it seemed indeed a foretait? of heaven, an I 1 oould say with the poet — ' Aty willing soul would stay, 111 such a frame us this ; An 4 *lt anil sin? herself away To everlasting bliss.' TUo'igh I regard it as an honor and a privilego to be perm.ttad to address so Urge and respectable a i as sembly on such 'an . occasion as the present, suu a «uu;a inuun rutner nave re mained in my seat aul listened ta to those 'vho I kuow are far abler than myself for the performanca of so important a duty, especially when coming after those who have alrea iy addressed you, f ir my thoughts are liko the man's horse, hard to oatuh, and worth very little when caught. The sub ject I have been requested to address you on is, ' Personal piety, the true basis of Christian union.' The Church is a tree, thero aro many branches, but tliay all proceed from one stem. It is a body com pactly and beautifully fitted together, the bead of which is Christ Jesus. It is a templo incomplete ut ptesent, bat gradually, surely, and steadily, rising to it» truo grandeur. I ho Church is a building of whioh Jesus Christ himself it the cornet stone. Jesus Unrist is tho vine, his people are the branches. Per sonal piety is the 0110 essential to the success of the Cli ireh. If there be not personal piety, thero can bo no Christian union ; ?the semblance m-y exist, there miy be the appear anco, huoBrllciul ooservors may be deoeived, but tho reality will bn found wanting, and all will.be hollow aud deceitful like a wliited sepulchre, Who are the individuals that ino-t frequently produce schisms nnd dissensions iu tho Church u f Christ? Are thoy those that love the Lord their God with all their heart aud with all tneir souls, and their neighbors as theiu Klllvna ? A r« tbpvflililll :it urn iinr In ha ntf.winm. r.F evil, but overcome evil with good? Are they those who, strong in C irist Jesus, strugglo with the angel till break of day ? No! it cannot bo; these would be the last who would uid in tearing to tatters tho seamless coat of our bluised f.ord. If the miud takes up with trifling objeots it will most likely become a trifliug mind. If the mind takes up with sinful things, it will, in all probability, bi'cmie a sinful min i. It tha mind is suffered to dwell with pleasure on ileeds of cruelty, it will doubt less become a omel mind, and harrowing deeds of revolting cruelly will not shock it. So if the mind be brought into oontaat with holy things, it will become a holy m'nd ; if permitted to redact ou great things, it will beoome a great mind. Communion with holy things must uesessarily induce a righteous disposi tion. As oar minds are brought into contact with tin Liaaab, so shall wo become like unto him. Ic is surely impossible lor any individual to follow Christ and not partake somewhat of his spirit. Let us, my brethren strive earnestly lor this spirit— for this personal piety. Death, says Sbneca, falls heavy on that man who is too much known to others, uud not enough to himself. I say life falls heavy on such a one. Call such a man 11 pillar of the Church ! I call such a one a beam, aud a beam so heavy as frequently to boar with crushing Wei jlit upon tho pillars. Let us, as ministers, especially cultivate the sjiirif of personal p oiy. Let the members become members of the nystical body of Carist, aud our adherents adhere to the Cross of Christ ; then indeed we shall have a real, a soriptural union. (Hear, hear.) Oh, for tho piety of tha Puiitans of lSni-laiid ! Ob, for the piety of the uld Covenanters of Scotland, that piety which sus tained them in the midst of their peisecutions, and wh cli enabled them to worship tho Lo al their God iu their own mountain fastnesses amid the thunder of their enemy's cauuoti. Let us, my brethren, ntrive to become thoroughly endued with this spirit of personal piety, then shall we sit dowu with those that come from the north aud the south, from tho east nnd Iho west, with Abraham and with Isaao in the kingdom of our Go I. The reverend gentleman conclude 1 his address amid much appliusB* The 12 inil Psalm Wtt3 then sung, aud uli3r a vote ol thanks had been passed to the chaiunin for his able conduct in the chair, The Uevereul Mr Clou* pronounced the benedic t.ou, and tbe meeting separated. 