[ TH« Wprarr OF THR BI.âOKW4TTLB BWAÚP I î * '"* [BY àM ATJilBAXIA* tftroixjTAWO ," I TH* title of thii veritable bit of autooiegrapoy wm, .doubt', erase' yoong gentlemen; who affect pbilosc 'arid lemon-coloured kid gloves, to smile, tad n young ladies'of vivacity «nd decided ideas, «jr sc thing satirical about " the times of their grandmotbi I cannot help it. Benjamin Disraeli says, the ag versification is past-men of every shade and til mind-except tho rascally Bappists-say that trans dental spiritual phenomena is all moonshine. Not« standing this state of opinion and feeling, I am enough to believo,that good rhymesters will last SB 1 as our language; and that all ghosts have not yot 1 scientifically laid-'* between the froth and watei modern pbilosopliio illumination. The thing of course, now-a-doys,-assumes new pho It is not now as it used to be. Tempora mutanter et as the reader very well knowB. No doubt it is hare call upon us for tbe sacrifico' of a sensation when enlightenment and politeness of the age have left u few, and that the sensation of ghostly appr'ebens whioh bas stood so deservedly high in the list of telleotual pleasing pains, as the assembly of ten thous oiroloB round tho ..fires of fifty yearB. ogo-I writ oourse. of. traditions-while the winter-storm re without, for the mere purpose of indulging iii the di bus horrorBof spectral narrations, sufficiently establisl Besides, to all persons of imagination; a belief ' in embodied spirits was , an' exquisite 'stimulus, stron cheaper, and more elegant than sal volatile itself. Fa tho delight of your ruined abbey, where you are ion mah aqd horse, to take shelter from the tempest. Fa your thunder- storm, the waving boughs of the traditi ary Yew, the dull toll of a bell, so faint that the beat of your own heart almost prevents it from being audi Listen to tbe monotony that floats'over the »nc; graves-the mouthful musioof, tho rain-driving gusta the long dark aislé of that .solitary ruin; ' What deed blood .is about to be disclosed.? What injured nun,,v one finger oh her pale lipB and a lamp in her livid hi .-7-btt't why proceed ?,' 'All these-dèlioious honors of '"'night-side of nature'" are nowjnp more.' ' ? But, although the spiral-staircase period rs, thank t art, at an end-although the noisy Bpectros of old bi aro go no-let' no one be so incredulous SB to doubt appearance of another kind of disembpAied present Should any one so doubt.lat him list, towy ¿xperieno , I am about to tell yan one of these modern ghost stor: and I will endeavour to;Uo-so in the .quietest'mani possible, vlf the'sequel doea not satisfy, the' reader, bas to blame my y unearthly visitant*' not myself. ' There is, or there was, some fifteen years ago; ?on 1 north-east side ?tit 'the "Lyndhurst 'estate (.Glebe), ara nifioant native,,fig-tree, .lt sunk its vast roots and lc fibres deep into .tho soil, and down into tho clefts of i rooks or round grovel boulders of caloin'ed sand-'stoi near it stood, in all »heir queenly pride, two delia Norfolk Island pines, with their >dark-green eones, a one of.the Koréton 'Bay' species -with its filmy corom A long patch of green'trees, with thick undergrowth native shrubB, stretched away to, the we on : 'tbe i .east ' lay bold brown 'Pyrmo and between it and my fig-tree, a.. tiny, fa forest of «oangrove'treea, with'eneor two skeleton blai wattles.'Standiog grim and desolate on »its out«r edge. ,, I was a dreamy'boy and somewhat 'melaooholy, .! exceedingly quiet. I liked few'juvenile ¡games or ga ¡bois;', FishiDg, indeed, dione-on! some-crag or noak .the Pyrmont'rooks ; swimmiag. unobserved in a qu spot in; Johnson's Bay'; .taking solitary walks in t bush; vabove all, seatod in my' fig tree-Jin a cozy ipla formed by tho separation of. three great limbs spring! from tbe parent trunk,-'Mese were my chief ' dcligl and recreations. Tbo'flg-tree was the scene of-my'fi experience of the spirit-world. 'I mast add, that 'I h at tba time no'ftced religious principles or ideaB. .fl motlier died when I wos/yery -young. My father ma money-sent me to a 'mixed boarding school-cai little about strict opinions- died suddenly-and left i a.considerable'fortune. 'However.iLàra anticipating.: was'before my 'fathet's death, that tho grim visitant fit appeared to mel '..'.' . . !'.,". .' Ai*AnirioN.^-iI. , , _ Irecollect'tho afternoon perfectly, well-*for. it .-se in tue afternoon. The summer sun shone powerful onlBalmain and Pyrmont-turning their dingy'.russ .intoa rich golden brown,.which strongly,contrasted.*! the cool ¡purple shadows, that lay . along, the wood, western shore -of ."Johnson's Bay. ? I was seated rather reolined-in .my fig-tree. Tho waters flashi gaily-the cicadas ohirped cheerily-«the shrubs_gaveoi « delicate perfumo-.tho chequorod light fell through tl .foliage pleasantly-andil<£elt happy-revelled in a quit unimpassioned,, delicately - sensuous happiness-wb« suddenly,a cloud, or something like a oioudiobsoured, i -seemed to obscure (therreader will perceive how, precise am) the sun. I started-for Bunahino was the atxnospbei of my feeble soul, and, on looking ¡round, saw an obje whioh filled rae with inoffablo terror. Not uve yare from me stood a tall -woman- more than six foi high, dressed in decpestblaok, which,'together with hi cold, blue-black, shining .pair, brought her pale <whil face horribly out. Her.eyes were dade and.ioy. Hi lips compressed, and colourless. .¡Her. total exprassic aoveio in tho highest «logreo. I need not attompt- o impossibility-to describe,roy ¡terror.1, In faot, when : think, of'tho soene oow,ilu:ealiso some' of ',my boyia .horror. I «hat my eyes and groaned in anguish/; <bt ?before doing so I .could;, not help giving. another loo] and noticing that sue,wore a wreath 'of faded, flowoi and shrubs <on her. i bead, and that > she boro on he breast the .single, word,.''I^üMEUOE;",printed .in re letters in a-eimioiroular, form. , I certainly read , th: word, for, even now, I distinctly remember ; the shape < the detters,; they were bold and massive- paving non of the light lines of the Roman alphabet-but all of on uniform thickness.* .' I felt on the point of fainting-of sinking down-dow -through.the bmnohos of my beloved.tree-when; I sar pose through the ánstinot of self-preservation,. I flan out my right hand and grasped something, -1 starte again-'like ono awaking from a dream-and found th horrible, .oold; wan .woman, with the steely, eyes, as have sinoo described her to : myself, thad ¡departed. - Th air was luminous again-tho cioadas.once moro ohirpoi oheerily-the shrubB .gave out their .delicate breath a perfume-the light, ¡filtered through , tbe gloBsy foliage was rioher and softer than ever. - I soon recovered Iron tho shock.'. . Two days ofter I heard .of my father's death, and ¿ha Ï was alone (welloff) in tho world. . ': -? The only person I ever-.previous to > my present nar ration-told tho Btory of this apparition to, wasmyyouni friend Bob Elworthy, now a respectable physician, wht laughed heartily at me and -"my delusion," and said .ii must have been Long Nancy Snell ! bad seen-a half crazy creature, who WBB wont to play occasionally strange pranks throughout tho. neighbourhood. I did not fool very well pleased at such unreasonable scepticism However, the lady with the cold eyes sod severe face wat not the worst apparition I havo had. Let me give my second " experience." i , : H APPARITION.-2. Seven years later?I was living in London.11 had in tho meantime sounded-like' most philosophera-tho depths of mast worldly vanities. I bad lived-that is to say eat (the best viands procurable), drank (tho choicest drinks abundantly) had raiment (more olotbea than would clothe twenty men) and enjoyed myself , in the standard dissipations. I had lived for years thus, and at length began to caro little shoat life, when à soft bright glory roso over my shadowed lifo. I loved and wai beloved by a fair mild maiden. The crowning day of our destiny was fixed 1 The virgin daughter of a proud house'was about to becomo my bride I I WOB nt this time a resident-in a lonely part of the suburbs of London ; thc house was ocoupied by a largo family, including four or five, domestics. Nevertheless, as several daring robberies, some of thom accompanied with murder, had spread n paolo through tho neighbour- hood, the inmates wera desired, by tue master of the house to carefully seoure their ohombors at night, whioh injunction I, in common with tho .rest pf,the-family, took good caro to obey. It waa about'tho beginning of January ' when the ovont I . am ,- about ' to relate ocourrod, . and I porfeatly remember, that it woB . on a Sunday night. "* Tho ' family were at rest, and I hod ' been asleep about, three hours, when I WOB awakened probably by the cold whioh as an Australian I keenly felt. The weather waa extremely severe. I.first glanced towards the window, from whioh I bohold tho fleecy-clouds, oareering before a strong galo aoross the orb of à bright frosty moon; while hore and there'the breaks in" tue satiny masses exhibltod; in1 strong contrast to their ovyn snowy, purity, tba deep azure of tho ,firmament, whore » few stars sparkled with a keon brilliancy. On the opposite sida of the street, I saw the roofs and ohiranoys heavily laden with snow, while tho only sounds that struolt my ear wore the whistling of the gale amongst the few leafless poplars which stood bofore the house, and the tramp of tho watchman, whioh more rapid than usual returned that dull .crisp sound produced byi trending on tho snow. AB tho guardian of tho night poBiod our door, ho oriod in his ofinraotoristlo recitative, "Holf- past ono o'olook." I could hear him flapping his broast and taking oaoh stop with a stamp, BB ono contending furiously with tho cold and doter, mined to overcome it. I mention thoso trivial matters to show that what followed was no dream in tho oommon acceptation of that term. As there was nothing very profitable in contemplating tho moon-it was too chilly for tho most sentimental.poet to wrlto Bonnets on hor * I havo singe If arne;] Uiii kind of lottor li cnlloil Egyptian., ~ ?ai a« cha w aoeV« («rill clari«" aa» not likely to aaa for a couple of boara, I resolved again to address tnyi to alee«« I tornad in, gathered together a good greet blanket! and counterpane, and wrapping myself well i ley with «yat closely ahnt, aa If, by this bypocriti mimicry of somnolency, to imprison the treacherous g of sleep. It was in vain. I aoon commenced abifti from the right aide to the left, then from tbe left to 1 right. In performing these evolutions my eyes of com glanced across the foot of the bed (where the curtai had been left open), and where I beheld-O, miserai humanity! what a apeataolel, I started half up, su on my back again, with my eyes horribly dilated. Rif at the foot of my bed stood a figure more than six fi high, clad in blaok:robes, bent slightly forward tower the bed,' its cold; dark-blue eyes ? peering, at me. was the figure of a.man, but baving all the blan/ ing' features of the spirit of the Blaok-Wattle Swan I recognised them at onoe, albeit they were élorged o' intensified in expression. Tho drapery was noto broup, over the hand; and instead of compressed lips, t upper teeth were, buried in the lower lip. The mo .threw-or soemed .to throw-a full light into tho ops ment. One thing was certain, the figure stood out sharp and decided relief against the'shadowy'bac ground.'- I cloned ray eyes.' I ' thought1 of ; 'the-,-tia speotre of my youth-of:its sudden departure. I look up again ; but, alaB I alas 1 no, respite now. ; Thora] stond-still-bent forward-its eyes fixed 'in ono' stoa stare', 'juli, at nie.' O' horrible 1" I wished it to mot If it bad moved, I think it would have given rae relie but no, there lit stood ¿tark,' dark, gigantic, motio less, ? :and , voioeles«, ; as.i1;oiie,..pf.1, the, mysterio statues which, awe the,,traveller,,tn., the .'BÓlitódesi . Thebes dr Luxor.' I once or twice endeavoured to spea but I oonfess, that besides' feeling a sensation'in n throat, whioh I 'Conceive >af inan would experience < swallowing,a couple of ounoes of? saw-dust, I was afra to bear tbe .sound of. my, own.voioe,.and.laboured und , a dread misgiving as'Jtó'tné VéiTaót it mi,;ht'produce ; s gradually; BB tho only otbcr course to bo adopted, lard my legs stealthily np ns Tar as I could, sank my . bet slowly beneath the onuntorpane; and, assumed, as near as the human-form-'aivTno will .permit, the position of ho lgebog when ho ."bears the near yelpings bf half dozen terriers. It was luckily freeling., -or I should har boon snflorated;- Aa it was, thé f ountninletB of my for bead were,opened, «nd while my heart,kept beating mest remarkable tattoo within, I .waa externally sufluBt . by the .worst glow ;eï arainy'day, 'in'., the" Morel on" Bi ; territory, and' then again visited by snob a shiver' as shower-bath offór&s; in the month of January ia Englan All, this, I was conaaious, was very weak and pussiM Tiimous.. Btit |the,, recollection df ,the .scene, at rn Lyndhurst '..'fig-tree, ' roso . op , '.'vividly.' '. Agatí .1 ' 1 heard ' ,the '. tramp' ljdf '' the'". ;'watohmh as he passed fhe'door and erfoH but lustily, " Half-pa two o'clock1'-the'very sound of a humrn-voice-wi cheering, and inspired me "With «courage to "break throng this hideous 'balluoination-IbT iuob, just then, T cot eidored it. .1 would' Ibdk Mho phantom "in the Tace, opened myeyes; ' There-there-stood 'the 'figura, jul as I had. shut it from my sight, still,-Staring, giganti .and a« palpable sa the.Silver moon,which gleamed i throuáh'the window, or the'rurnituro which it délicate! illuminer! in the room. -T'trled to ascertain-positive!; and without leaving suspicion of doubt- whether I we really- awaked ' Bamming my knuckles two or tbre tiraos:into; my.¡eyes, 'smartly pinching my arms, an other .. sharp Vmanipumticms, convinced me that I wa really wide awake. This faot received confirmation fror my 'senses generally. T. still -ssw the clear-moot the -''White 'olonds ' drifting -rapidly - 'over- .th j heaven«, the" few. «vivid stars, "twinkling, and tb I roofs ofthe opposite bouses with their' thick-vesture c j virgin- snow. I still heard the gaunt, ' bare pop!ni * sighing-snd creaking "iii the/gale, and the trdking-of-tb , large'honse-'oloik on'the-Btairs. in short and in faot, : was irt'vaiato try,'««persuado myself that 1 was asteo and dreaming. -The phantom. grassy-eyed -and enlarg ing, still stared,at nie. " Oh Ged'! O Heavenly Makei spare me, wretoh'trrct T am'!" I hoarsely mtrttored. Tm 'Tonro, ri thought, at these words,'moved. A word.ii .massive red letters- glowed on.'the dark breast of it .garment. That one word was FAUOTIE.". <l agaii olosed .my oyes'in an agony, of terror. Wbeo'tbe watch man' announced " three o'clockI assayed ¿ sdlitan glance :rthe apparition had rawiBhodM' i<:' > On the following-morning T examined im y door-tb window-the room generally. > ,All was-seenro agains intrusion from without. 'I -endeavoured 'to.discover > whether anything 'in the- apartment** could han cast.', a shadow at all > resembling' m; spectral visitant, ll saw cletfly that it was impossible 1 > gave upnn despair some attempts to imagine anatura solution of-the > apparition-; and at length -beoamo eo as- sured of having been actually face > to'faro' with somi " spirit of health or gobiin -damned''1 (though whethei > it came " with intents wieked-or charitable," it was foi rn?, just then, > impossible to determine), that a sudden gloom entered-my FOUI -and rested > there. T 'began tc thiaki was'the object of a terrible madness-or the victim > of cn unnatural punishment:-tbat a holl-on-eartb doom awaited me. 'Blacker > grew -tho cloud-moro olosely moro completely did-it-onwrap.rae. A full-week > of this hldetiUH woo-relioirod only by an nrmasional. memory (which rose > lifeothe purest light in tho serenest heaven?' of my angelic Lina-succeeded. > I determined at length to see my queen-«tho thought gave me new life-4 > .mounted my borao-rode rapidly to bor fatbér'e residence arrived,there in a > state of wi'd.excitement. *"?. . * There was a crowd shuffling to and fro in the hail and oourt-yard. There was a steady, painful light in every eye. Tbere was no -dolour on any oheek,-ia any lip. There waa a low murmur of voices in tho rooms and cor- ridors. There was something stealthy and catlike in the motions of tho servante. My Lina did not run to meot mo. It carno at last-the whole mystery was olearod np -ay, cleored up with lurid light. ' It' reod thus : " Yorm LINA- is DEAD. SHE WAS ¿DaowNED YESTERDAY." YOB, I remember something 1 There .was a noise of ca- taracts in my ear. There was'a feeling of fiery serpents stinging me in the throat. ' There was a volcano of b'as phemy, rage,'despair, woiking in my heart within. That voloanoo burst : I know little of ' the effeots of its irrup ; tion.-.'v : v.- ;; ' .:? .,' . .orO; 