CHURCH UNION. The following letter, lrom the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in reply to the letter of the Hev. Thomas fiinney, published in our issue of the StU instant, lias been forwarded to us for pub lication :— Dear and Reverend Sir—Wlien men differ in religion or polities the sooner Ihey gut to understand the prin ciple or supposed priociplc which divides them the sooner a-e they likely either to agree or differ irrecon cilably. So Jar, therefore, from bsing * offended by the observations" which you have made on my second letter, I am thankful to learn from so competent an authority "themocLs of thought and feclin? preva'eat in the non Episcopal denominations;" and "the way in whieh they look*at certain ecclesiastical subjects." In England it always seemed to ine impossible to dis engage those snbjcctB from the surrounding medium; to separate them from extraneous matter, so as to look at them simply in the light of God's Word interpreted by spiritual understanding. In this colony, on the con- 1 trary, where the great offence to your co-religioniats of a State Church does not exist, I thought religious ques- I tious, and among them that of Church Union, might be ! approached from all sides clear of that" mirage" whk-h deceives the explorer by exaggerating or distorting object*. Nevertheless I have observed from time 10 time invidious references mode to past abuses or present difficulties of the National Established Church of Eng land, as if they were of the essence of Episcopal disci pline, and not the accidents of an establishment inter <roven with the State for more than one thousand years; while, on the other hand, the isolation cf our clergy from non-Episcopalian ministers, not so much personally as ministerially, has not been referred (as you now truly do) to its real cause, viz., their conscientious holding f&6t that which they believe to have apostolic and scriptural authority, but to the mere pride of social position, or the domineering spirit of a State-favour^ Church, or a Baronial Episcopate. Had it been all along seen, as you now clearly see, that we cannot recognise your orders (though we do not take upon ourselves to reject as ineffectuous your minis terial acts of baptizing in the name of the Father, Sun, and Holy Ghost), I should not have been asked, as I have frequently been, to admit non- Episcopalian minis ters to officiate in oar churches, burial-grounds, school rooms, and to co-operate with them in works essential to the prophetical office of the ministry, such as distri bution of religious tracts, missions to the bush, Sunday school teachers* union, and lately to open our pulpits unconditionally for their use. The rule, however, on which we act has been plainly laid down for us. Wc do not forbid non-Episcopalian ministers to "cast out devils by preaching Christ's name and Gospel, because they follow not ta tut neither, on the other hand, do we find auy warrant for " following" them. Compelled, then, from time to time to refuse each ap plications, I was not sorry to seize the opportunity pre sented by your arrival in South Australia of making it quite clear utcky," and "why only," we ho.d our selves minwferiallyaloof from noa-Episcopalian ministers, though, as with myself, so with my brethren, our private and personal" feelings often kick against" our solemn convictions and pledges. I would simply ask yon to read the following extracts from the Preface to our Ordination Service, and theT weuty-third Article, in order to judge fairly of oar position:—• "It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the Apostles* time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church—bishops, prierts, and deacons; which offices were evermore had in such reverend esti mation, that no man might presume to execute any of them except he were first called, tried, examlued, and known to have such qoalitl.s as are requisite for the same; and also by public prayer, with imposition of hands, were approved and admitted thereunto by lawful authority. And, therefore, to the intent thai these orders may be continued, and reverently used and es teemed in the United Church of England and Ireland, no man shall be accounted or taken to be a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon iu the United Church of Eng land and Ireland, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and ad mitted thereunto according to the form hereafter fol lowing, or hath had formerly Episcopal consecration or ordination." Article XXilL—Of Ministering in the Congregation. "It i3 not lawful for any man to take upon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacrameuts in the congregation, before he be lawfully called and sent to execute the same; and those we ought to ju ige lawfully called and sent which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send ministers into the Lord's vineyard." As a matter of history, it stands recorded that Whit tingham was deprived in 1679 of the Deanery of Durham, and Travers of the Lectureship of the Temple, because they had received only Presbyterian ordination at the hands of certain ministers on the continent ot Europe. Could I then, as an honest man, invite yon to preach in our pulpits ? Bat as I could not do so, I felt" pressed in spirit" to show.yoa how I and multitudes of others in the Church of England valued piety, eloquence, and ability in non-Episcopalian ministers; and how much we wished that they would reconsider those points of discipline which they number with " things indifferent but which »eare bound in conscience to hold fast as being of apostolic origin and possessing scriptural authority. Neither Lutherans, nor Calviniefes, nor Wesleyans, nor even "independent" Independents, like yourself, assert Episcopacy or Creeds to be unscriptnral or unlawful, though they maintain that they are "not of obligation;' Non-Episcopalians then would violate 110 role of con science by adopting cither one or the other; either a freely-elected Episcopate in its primitive form, or a form of sound words, whereby **the sunk fence" of which you speak, between the Episcopal and more recont Denominational Presbyterian Churches, would so far be filled up and disappear. If it Bavours of " assumed superiority" on my part in venturing to point out for consideration this condition of union, it is a superiority forced upon me, and not of my creating-—emanating from former acts of non-Epis copalian bodies. I cannot reverse the history of the Church for eighteen centuries; but I neither "dictated" nor "offered" terms of union. I simply stated what we believe to be our "scriptural and apostolic" rule; and asked non* Episcopalian ministers, in these days of free thought and "independent" Independency, to consider whether future union of41 evangelical Churches" on cer tain principles were possible. I am not sorry that some few eager spirits, who at tempted to clear the "sunk fence" at a bound, should have stumbled and fallen therein; or, to adopt yonr military metaphor, they have not blown in the counter scarp of the ditch, and planted their.banners on the breach of a ruined Episcopacy. That fortress we cannot abandon, because we believe its bulwarks to be of apostolic origin and to have the sanction of Scripture. And if our non-Episcopalian friends cannot join it and form part of the garrison, let them believe and give us credit for acting "conscientiously" in maintaining our ministerial reserve. Let them cease to talk of "domi naut Church," " intolerant hierarchy," £c„ as the cause of disunion. Wo have as much right to remain Episco palians as they had to become non-Episcopalians. The foxes in the fable were justified in declining to reform th»mRelv0R liv a " frat^rniil onrfoilmyanf >* themselves by a " fraternal curtailment.' Nor was ft merely with a view to remove " the midwall of partition" between the Church of England and those bodies which have dissented from it that I thought the rcadoptiou of the Episcopate an indispensable prelimi nary to Church Union. If oneness, outward as well as inward, formal as well as spiritual, be the normal state of Chrises Church militant as well as triumphant; if we may hope "the Gospel and true Church of God" will finally emerge from Tridentine, Medieval, or Patristic error, then the "idiosyncrasy" also of the Eastern and Greek mind, as well as of Southern Christian Europe, mnBt be taken into some account; and it certainly would be a greater "miracle" to reform those Churches— Greek, Soman, Syrian, Russian—down to tUe platform of John Knox—than that you and other evangelical ministers Bhould be willing to sit side by side with Bishops in some Council like that of Jerusalem, when Paul and Barnabas and Simon Peter, with James pre siding, gave forth the decree assented to by the elders and the brethren, condemnatory of a Jndaiziag Christianity. Whether a more extended "fraternization" might not thus result, not only between the clergy of oar Church and non-Episcopalian Dissenting ministers, but Luthe ran, Swis3,and French divines; whetheran unscriptural *'denominationalism"—"lam of Paul, and I of ApoUos, and I of Cephas"—would not thus help to fill up the "sunk fence" between us, and render access to a church catholic tn form as well as spirit easy on alt sides; whether Heathen and Mahometan Antichrists, or those within the Chnrch itself, viz, the unbelief which denies the Lord that bought us—the Father and the Son; or that which exalts the creature—sacraments, priest, or saint; so as to keep less in view the Saviour himself (a wiUaBonhip which He ordained not); whether, I say, such enemies of God and Christ will give way more readily if union were rendered possible by the spirit of love leading us "to walk by the same rule, and in honour to prefer one another," I do net presume to decide. I have simply proposed the question for con sideration. But I am reminded by you that something more than identity of church government, or subscription to tbe orthodox creed, would be necessary to open yourpulpits te tbe Anglican clergy. I return then to this second preliminary condition, viz, subscription to a creed, which you pronounce to be ineffectual to procure doctrinal parity in pulpit ministrations. , Ton describe some clergymen of our Church as Soman in ail but name, and others as Bstionalists, neither of whom on any account would you suffer to preach in your pulpit. Neither would I suffer them to preach in mine. But I proposed nothing of the sort. That preliminary condition of subscription to a creed might remove an existing barrier, but would compel no exchange of pulpits. Liberty might bave been gained, but no com pulsion introduced. Certain conditions being pre supposed, it seemed possible that like Peter Martyr and Bucer in the 16th century, so in these days, IFAubigne or Neauder, Chalmers, Camming, or yourself, might be beard (perhaps to advantage) in St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey—a position for Christian influence which tbe pastor of the Weigh House might not altogether despise, though he might think it beneath him to covet. From the fact, however; that in spite of cur Articles there ate Bomamzmg and Barionslist clergymen in our Church you draw the conclusion that formularies of the faith are useless. You also state, as a matter of fact, that tbe exchange of pulpits between non-Eplsoo palish ministers, Congregationalist, Weslejso, Free Kirk, And Baptist is far more carefnfiy guarded than is access to those of our Church. Now is it not owing in great measure to the Thirty-mine Articles themselves that these Bomaniring and Rational izing clergymen are tested and found out I Your argu ment, from the Abuse of creeds, proves too much; for there ore Unitarian and Papists; .despite ot the autho rized version of the Scriptures and the Latin Valgate, which led Lather to justification by faith. If creeds and articles cannot prevent error, neither can tbe Scriptures I - Are the latter, therefore, needless and useless? " The unlearned and unstable wrest St. Paul's Epistles and other Scriptures to their destruc tion." I do not know that the blame rests with St. Paul for writing his letters to the Churches! Besides, who commanded the Baptismal Creed belief in tbe name of tbe Father, Son, aad Holy Ghost, as necessary to salvation? "He that betieceth and is baptized shall he saved!" Who required belief in himself as the Son of God before the Eunuch could be himself the Son of God before the Eunach could be baptised? Wig did St. Paul deliver firtt of. all to the Corinthians that which he also had reoeived, that "Christ died tor oar das according to the Scriptures, that be was buried and rose again according to the Scriptures?" Why did he tell Timothy to "hold tost the form of sound wordsand "to commit the same to faithful men who ehsold be able to teach others f" Look to the history of Protestantism itself! What Protestant Church did not, at the Reformation, pat forth its Confession ? Is that of Aogsborg a dead letter? Not until the Helvetic Confession of Calvin's Chorch had been, abrogated by the Rationalistic Government of Geneva as a test for its State Clergy did a new evangelical reformation, inaugurated by DlAubigne and MalaD, become necessary there. Let me further ask what has become of the orthodox; of the old Presbyterian Churches in England? ' Whst is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of Antrim ? Was it not from the absence of a creed that the Lad; Hewiy Charity came to be dragged into a court of law? Did the absence of articles prevent the "Rivulet" controversy, and preserve the fountain of Gospel truth pore and on defiled? Not long ago I had the pleasure of receiving from yon a sermon, entitled "The Apostles' Creed." Now, if the Apostles bad a creed, that is certain truths indispensable to the Gospel of Salvation, and If sou have endeavoured to define those truths, surely a creed In itself is neither useless nor needless, "yourself being judge." I might refer also to yonr friends, the Wes ieyans, whom yon onoe offended, by plainly telling them " that they mast be either Dissenters or Schismatics yet ibeg have a creed and a tolerably long one too—one also of pnrely uninspired composition, which nevertheless yon yourself have morally subscribed before you preached In their chapel! I know not whether you are an Arml nian or Calviniat, or neither. Bat every Wesleyan minister is boond by Wesley's model trust deed to preach no " doctrine or practice contrary to what is tou tained in certain notes on the New Testament, commonly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley, and in t&e; grsfc (oar volumes of sermons, commonly repgtpd to be wtitteii and published by him." Talk of 1'opezy and the Council of Trent* and of the iniallibility of the P«)pc! thofc are *'motes'* not more huge tbig Wesleyan beam, I did not ask you or oih^r non-Episcopalian ministers to subscribe t»the Thirty-nine Articles and the JBook of JfomiUea before you could preach in cur pulpits, but simply to a creed in accordance with the fhcene Con* fessiom If this will not secure absolute immunity from doctrinal error, it may da something towards it. I be lieve in charts and lighthouses, although .in spite of them some master mariners contrive to run. their ships on shore. 1 believe also as much as you do, that watches, clocks, and even dials must be adjusted to (be suu; but the examples of adjustment .which you have selected, and which you describe as giving44 great relief to the clergy aud members of the English Church,*' no more affects them than it does you and other nou- Episcopoiians. Von state that the hand of the clack (that is from the context the English Church clock) poiutcd to this 44 Children having been baptized, if t&y; die, are till undoubtedly saved; else not. The pointer was put back two two seconds, utxi *c\so not* disappearing, ceased to rule. But what a mighty difference was made by that little change I luatead of being obliged to hold the positive destruction of all unbaptized intents, the clergy and members of the English Church are allowed to believe in their possible salvation." 1 am sure that it will be a "greit rebel" to yon to learn that this statement^ however designed to comfort us, is (so far as the Church of England is concerned) quite unneces sary. -v The first Liturgy of Edward VL, a.z>. 1519, has this rubric in the office for confirmation:— "And that no man shall think that any detriment shall come to children by deferring of their confirmation, be shall know for truth that it is certain by Go$'s word that children being baptized (if they depart out of this life in their infancy) arc undoubtedly saved." The words 44 efise not" do not appear in our first reformed Liturgy, and therefore could not have been omitted, \- But to fflaVo it quite clear that the doctrine you incor rectly fasten upon the English Church was not held by her leading reformers, t&ke; this declaration from the chapter 44Concerning Baptism,44 from the ".Reforma tion of Ecclesiastical Laws/4 a treatise drawn up by Commissioners appointed in the reigns of Henry VHL and Edward, ef whom Craumer was the first in rank 44 Theirs also ought to be considered a scrupulous superstition who so completely tie down the 'grace of God and the Holy Spirit to the sacramental elements, as explicitly to affirm that no intent of Christian parents can obtain eternal salvation who dies before it can be brought to baptism—an opinion far different from o«rv,n 44 Quod lougc secus babire jadleamue." An expression indeed which had found its way into the baptismal service of the first Liturgy of Edward VL, 1649, from that of Luther, through the Latin reformed service of the Arcbbhliop Herman of Cologne (1643) was omitted in the second Liturgy ef Edward vl, in 1652, It is in the prayer before baptism which ran thus:—44 That by this wholesome laver of regeneration, whatsoever sin is in them may be wasied cieau away; * that they, being delivered from Thy wrath, may be received into the ark of Christ's Church, and so saved from perishing Thi6 prayer is not to be found in the ancient offices of the Church, of Rome, bnt seems to have been originally composed by Luther, though it is not hi accordance with his sentiments expre»sed elsewhere. "Although inlants/4 he remarks, 44 bring into the world with them the depravity of their origin, yet it is an important consideration that they have never trans gressed the Divine commandments; and since God is merciful, He will col, we may be assured, suffer them to fare the worse, because, twithout their own fault, they have been deprived of baptism'* So that this chance expression of Lathers—contrary to his own sentiments, aud which escaped notice in the baptismal service ol our Liturgy from 1649 to 1662, but was then omitted, and which never existed in the ancient offices of the Church—is small ground enough on which to express your compassion *4 for the ministers and clergy of the English Church,44 in the M great relief' they must have experienced! In conclusion, let me observe that while minds capa cious and independent as yours labour under such mis apprehensions in regard to the Church of England and its doctrines, the hope of Church Union wiU remain 41 Ideal." But if Episcopalians and non-Episcopalians will honestly, and in the fear of God, try to learn with accuracy wherein they do essentially d ffer, and why, then possibly both may be able eventually, through the grace of God, to adjust their clocks and watches by the sun-dial of His revealed will. I aw, rev. Sir, Yours faithfully and respectfully, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Bev. T. Binney. Hie Lordship also places at our disposal, for publication, the following letter received from Mr. Binney, which he is not specially authorized to publish, but which he thinks will only do justice to Mr. Binney's sentiments and Christian feelings :— Glen Urquhart, the Green Hills, Victoria, December 29,1858. To the Bight Ber. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. My Lord—In a last revise oi the letter which 1 had the honour to transmit to yonr Lordship by last mail, I withdrew the eentence which 1 have marked in the enclosed piece of proof. There is nothing in the wordB hnt what logically follows from the power which a Congregational minister has over his own pnlpit—the jealonBy with which we guard it against the intrusion of doctrinal error, from the importance we attach to - evangelical troth—and the conviction>e have ofSerious departures from that truth, in different direct!(ml, by many of the clergy. The worda contain nothing but what follows from these things—whether oar views of the Gospel (evangelical truth) be scriptural or not, or whether our " conviction" respecting the various forms of clerical opinion be right or wrong. Still, for many reasons, 1 thought it best to withdraw the words re ferred to. Your Lordship, therefore, will do me the favonr to regard them as withdrawn.* 1 was very unwell while visiting at Teorak last week; I was obliged to abstain from all public doty last Sunday; I am now between 20 and 30 miles away from Melbourne, at a retired station, in a beautiful locality. A celebrated philosopher and metaphysician used to say that ail his great and difficult problems, nice distinc tions, and fine theories seemed to vanish into thin air after he had had a good dinner, and was in the company of warm and genial friends. There is something, how ever, better than this. In the deep solitude of the bosh. —God's beautiful world spreading and swelling round about ub—His glorious blue heaven bending over us all —one's heart feels the blessed softening humanizing influence, and goes forth in tenderness and love towards all God's creatures. How little one heeds the noise bf the world of mat afar off—the struggle of parties, the clashing of opinion, the controversies, political or reli gions, which seem so important when we are in the midst of them! I wish yonr Lordship was here, sitting, with me in the sunlight; bow soon we should be able to put everything right! May we meet in that world- - where there will be nothing to put right, and where we shall have something better to do than cither to mend or mourn over the evils of this! Wishing yon, my Lord, in the language of the old conn try, " the compli ments of the season"—all the blessings we wish for one another at this happy time, I am, truly and much. * The words which Mr. Binncy wishes to withdraw are the following"There are many among the clergy whom 1 would not Buffer to preach to my people—the substance of their teaching being, for the most part, as I believe, either chaff or poison." 