EXCLUSION OF IRISHMEN FROM THE EXECUTIVE. [From the Times 17th Left.] There is only one kind of warfare in which the belligerents are ignorant of the weapons which may be employed in the conflict. It is true we have lately found in China that pits in a mudbank may be made formidable means of defence, but in general when we fight with any nation we have a pretty good notion of the implements which will be relied upon to gain the victory. With any civilized enemy we expect a liberal use of long range guns, rifled muskets, rockets, shells, and the bayonet. The C iffre has his Assegai, the Affghan his bulwark, the Arab his matchlock in fact, in all physical war, refined or barbarous, we need only fear combination of steel, of gunpowder, of lead, and of iron. Far different is it in political combats. One of the peculiar disadvantages of a chief in these battles is that he may be attacked by weapons of which he had never dreamt. He may post his pickets as he will-he may guard his flanks, his front, and his rear, and yet some strange missile, invented at the moment, may plump into his crop, and although on examination it may prove to be but a fungus or an aerolite, there is for the time a little wonder among the host at the new projectile. On the other hand it is no small boon to the Davies who go forth to slay their Goliaths that every brook is' open to them, and that they may gather their weapons where they please. Lord Stanhope, refreshed by a long repose from party encounters in the pleasant woods of Chevening, has gathered some strange stones in his scrip, and has flung one which we may examine with innocent curiosity. We know that pyrites are sometimes found amid the snows of volcanic peaks, but the age of their production is past. Lord Stanhope, however, seeks to revive them, and, emulating the range of the Armstrong gun, he has discharged a shot, which, considering the quarter it comes from, is singularly far-fetched, against the present Government. Indeed, it was necessary to go to Ire- land to find it. He has recently been visiting some property which it is his happiness to possess in that portion of her Majesty's dominions, and in con- versing with persons of all classes he has discovered in a very general and just resentment at the entire exclusion of Irishmen from any share in the new appointments of Government a percussion shell, which he carefully put in his pocket, and discharged the other day after dinner from Mute-park, in the presence of a thousand Conservatives of West Kent, against the fortifications of Downing- street. The quarter from which the missile was discharged gives it its strength and its weakness. Its strength consists in the surprise of the garrison at the new line of fire, and at the strangeness of the projectile j its weakness is derived from intrinsic causes. In Ireland there will be, no doubt, a general jubilation, but the on thusiastic population of that ancient kingdom, owing to the late temperance movement and the depressing influences of general prosperity, have now acquired a habit of looking at their shillelaghs before they met them, and they will scarcely accept with confidence this boomerang from the woods of West Kent. Had it come from indigenous groves, had it been neatly pared and cut by Celtic hand?, both they and we could have taken it up without comment. But here is Lord Stanhope putting on the war paint of John Mitchel, taking up the sword of Meagher, and, with the wampum of O'Brien round his waist, dancing to the sound of " Cromaboo" of " Erin go bragh before the Conserva- tives of West Kent, as if he were figur- ing before a monster meeting at Tara or exhibiting for the delectation of Concilia finished). This nobleman, the representative of a great historic house and name, justly proud of his descent from the great Minister of the Union, does not consider it unbecoming to catch up the expiring cry of the smallest and - most paltry of factions, and to assail the English Cabinet with the ghost of a lamentation which died out before the, Special Commission at Clonmel Can Lord Stanhope point to any Irishman who has been excluded from this Cabinet or from this Government because he was an Irishman ? Can he lay his finger on one man who was shut out from office because Swift's curse was upon him Is it the fault of those who have to direct the administration of affairs that they cannot find men in their ranks who happen to be born in West Britain ? What Prime Minister, when called upon to form a Cabinet, says, in making out his list, "I " will take A because he was born in " Scotland, or B because he was born in England, but I will reject O because he was born in " Ireland ?" It is quite true that there was an Irish nobleman at the head of the Irish office under Lord Derby's Administration, but we will put it to any of the party to whose anti-English tendencies Lord Stanhope, the descendant of William Pitt, appeals to say if they would accept him as the representative of Irish nation- ality. Without meaning any disparage- ment to the mediocrity of Lord Naas, we will ask if there is any Irishman of any class or sect or party who will assert that he administered the legitimate functions of Chief Secretary with more ability than may be reasonably expected from Mr. Cardwell. It is true, too, that there was in Lord Derby's time an Irish nobleman at the head of the Board of Trade ; but did the manufacturing classes of Ireland, the merchants of the North and of the South, the flax growers and linen-exporters of Belfast, feel their interests more secure under Lord Donoughmore than under Mr. Milner Gibson ? It is true that Sir Hugh Cairns was Solicitor-General for England, but it is not true, as Lord Stanhope asserts, that he was an " Irish lawyer." He is an English barrister who has won at the English bar a position which entitled him to the choice of Lord Derby for the office, which he filled, as we are all proud to admit, with distinguished ability. This is not our analysis it is that which has been suggested by Lord Stanhope. The Irish- men in the late Government were fair specimens of their party, but it is no grievance to Ireland that the present Administration is not equally fortunate in its Irish adherents. In the studies which gave to the world a new history of England, and to Lord Stanhope a place among noble authors, he seems to have stopped short at the time when there was a real rivalry of race, and when religion and nation were the tests of fitness for office. Happily, those times are past, and in a fair way to be forgotten. england now welcomes with open arms, Iron any shire, from Ireland, from Scotland, or from Wales, any man whose capacity, acquirements, or social or Parliamentary position give him a claim to a place in the Government of the country. If there was any party which had sought to check that impulse, and to place a bar in the way of an Irishman as such, it was that of which Lord Stanhope is seeking to re- vive the worst traditions. In every walk of life, in the arts, in the army and navy, in the legal profession, in medicine, Irishmen achieve success in England, not because they are Irishmen, but because they possess the acquire- ments and the industry requisite for success. I' they fail, it is not because they are Irishmen, but because they have not the qualifications to attain a high position. The names of Judges on the bench, of Generals and Admirals of the very es-Solicitor- General whom Lord Stan- hope mentioned, of many great artists, of several physicians of reputation, assert their merits, and disprove the theory of exclusion. Besides the special and restricted field of their own country, Irishmen have open to them all the prizes which Englishmen can gain in England by the exercise of their genius or their perseverance, If there are some offices denied to them in their own land, there are some in England which have been closed to Englishmen. We have sought our reigning races more than once from foreign lands. No English or fish noble, no matter how high his rank or ancient his race or blood, can aspire to the hand of a lady of Royal blood, nor can a Prince of the Blood marry the loveliest commoner. If Lord Campbell were unfortunate enough to be a Roman Catholic he could not be permitted, to keep the Queen's conscience, even though he belonged to the most northern of the parts of the realm which lies north of the Tweed. The exceptions which press upon Irishmen do not the less bear upon their fellow-subjects in England. Will not these facts console the Kentish Peer for the melancholy condition of his friends The grievance of exclusion is at least as real as that which he seems to have discovered in his recent Irish tour. 