THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD BILL. The Church Sentinel makes some pertinent reflec tions on this bill. We confess (says the Sentinel) that we are credu lous enough to believe in religious liberty. We believe in its regenerating power. We believe that national advancement is just in proportion to a na tion's attachment to the principles of religious liberty. Wo do not think that the many battles, both bloody and bloodless, which have b';en fought during the last three hundred years by the elite of the Christian Church under the banner of religious liberty, have been fought m vain. Tt is very easy to perceive the many political advantages, and the great political convenience of a most stringent re ligious uniformity, but it ddes not therefore follow that it is in any way right or desirable, or even ex pedient, to invoke the coercive power of the civil ma gistrate to secure this uniformity. So likewise it is not only expedient, but necessary, to provide for the discipline and good government of a Christian Church, that all things may be done decently and in order; but it does not therefore follow that the compulsory power of secular legislation ought to be applied, under any circumstances, to secure this discipline and order. It is observed by Archbishop Whately, that 'as men advance in civilization, instead of becoming more and more disposed towards the system of placing the religion of the citizens under the control of the civil government, the direct reverse is found to take place.' In accordance. with the sentiments thus expressed, the Bishop of London, in his Primary Charge, says, 'I think the impression is gaining ground that we have had of late almost enough legislation for the Church. What we want is, to take things as we find them now ordered, and make the best of them. What we want }s, that our machinery, such as it is, be worked in the best possible way.' In other words, we are suffering from superabun dance of secular legislation, and not from any deficiency thereof. And though there be no legal enactments restraining the free action of the Anglican Church in these colonies, as it is les trained at home, yet it must be remembered that we are fectered by deep.rooted prejudices, and the strong laws of habit and custom, which legal enact ments originally implanted and cherished. The statute law we ha«e left behind us in the mother country, but the prejudices, which that law has created, we have, brought with us. Hence with some there is a morbid craving for secular legislation in the affairs of our Church. It is impossible, they say, for the Church of England to hold together unless it be compressed by force of law. Hence the Bishop's Bill— hence the petition of Cr. Barker and Dr. Tyrrell that it may be placed on the statute book of New South Wales. We confess that we are surprised that the Legislative Council should have yielded to this morbid desire for secular interference with matters, of religion and conscience — but we are even more surprised that Mr. Deas Thomson should have consented to take the initiative in proceedings, which can add nothing to the lustre of his own po litical reputation, nor in any way increase the popu larity of that branch of the Legislature, of which he has hitherto been so distinguished an ornament. .We very. much question the propriety, not to «ay legality, of treating as a private affair, a bill affecting a religious community, which numbers about, a hundred and fifty thousand souls. It is easy to say that the bill will not affect any one who does not choose to be bound by it — but the question is, what will be their legal status under the bill? Will the Legislature make a special clause, reserving to those who do not choose to be bound by it a pro rata share in the temporalities belonging to their Church, for the endowment of a Bishop and Cler»y of their own 1 or will they forfeit their share by the the non-acceptance of the bill 1 Or will they be graciously allowed to attend Church, and to pay up to Church fands, and all that sort of thins, while ln other respects they occupy the legal status of dummies ' and ecclesiastical helots. There seems to us to be a little difficulty about these matters, which the proposed bill does not meet in its present form. ' r Again, has the Legislature any constitutional right to pass ah arbitrary ex parte law, which shall affect many persons who object to the law, and to impose on them restrictions and dmhilities,' which are not equally imposed on all their fellow-citizens t It seems to, us that -the legislation demanded by Dr. Barker and Dr. Tyrrell, on private grounds, is encompassed with innumerable and insuperable dif ficulties on public grounds, and it is not easy to see, if the Synod Bill becomes law, how the private episcopal interests of these right, reverend geri:le men can ba reconciled with the public and general interests of the whole body of the Anglicau Church in this colony, except by the summary and irregular process of sacrificing the individual and collective rights of the Christian congregation to the un righteous and exorbitant claims of the hierarchy. If Bishops Barker and Tyrrell are reall y and truly incapable of conducting the affairs of their Church without the assistance of secular legislation, we would suggest the propriety of their resigning an office whose duties they avow their incompetency to discharge. The Church would then be able to provide for itself a truly scriptural remedy for all our ecclesiastical difficulties, without the intrusive help of the civil power. The rule laid down for such cases in the Acts of the Apostles, chap. vi. ver. 3, is far more simple, far more explicit, far more to the purpose, than the Bill of the Apostles' pretended successors. ' Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.' The spirit of this rule was applied in the early Church not only to deacons, but to bishops. Let us revert to ancient precedent — and let Mr. Deas Thomson and ' the Lords' be spared the perplexities of ecclesiastical legislation. We wish the inmates of Schedule B to enjoy their ' otium cum dignitate et nummh' for the term of their natural lives, which they possibly might not do, if they identify themselves too closely with Schedule C and the obnoxious system which it supports. . In another article in the same paper occurs the following : — lat. It is implied that the bill ought to receive the sanction of the Legislature, because ' the Church Bill for which this sanction will now be asked, was the work, the unanimous work of the Morpeth Conference.' This statement has more ingenuity than ingenu ousness. The Synod Bill was not the work of the Alorpeth Conference. All the real work of the bill vras done at Sydney, and there was no unanimity about it. It was opposed in its most essential clause by 14 clergymen and 32 laymen, representing, in the aggregate, several thousand members of our Church. Admitting the obsequious unanimity of the 'little' Conference at Morpeth, it cannot be pleaded before Parliament that the Synod Bill was the unanimous work of the Anglican oi».noh in Nc« So.uth Wales; and this is'the real question which Parliament has' to consider.' The' unanimity at Morpeth does not bind the consciences of dissentients elsewhere. 2nd. It is said, that the bill will he introduced into the Legislative Council as a private bill, be cause it does not concern the whole community. _ This is not correct. It is introduced as a private bill, only because the Government will not allow it to be_ introduced as a public bill. Properly speak ing it should he introduce! as a public bill, at leastitshould.be, if it ba necessary to have any bill at all. Our Bishops and the Dean say that the Queen's supremacy exists in this colony, and that they cannot, and will not, meet in Synod 'without the Queen's consent.' This is a ques tion which affects tho whole community. For if the Royal supremacy inhibits members of the An glican Church from meeting in Synod in this colony without the Queen's consent, it also inhibits non conforming communities from holding 'convehti- cles,' and pronounces them 'schismatic and ex communicate'1 for so doing. If the Royal supremacy exists in this colony, so far as to make the Synod Bill a legal necessity for the Church of England, then the following Canon of the Church of England regarding Dissenters is also in force. Canon xii. — Maintainers of Constitutions made in Conventicles censured. 'Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, that it is lawful for any sort of ministers and lay persons, or either of them, to join together, and make rules, orders, or ^constitutions, in causes ecclesiastical, without the King's authority, and shall submit themselves to be ruled and governed by them, let them be excommunicated ipso facto, and not be restored until they repent, and publicly revoke those wicked, anabaptistical errors.' When our Bishops insist on the necessity of a bill on the ground of the Royal supremacy existing here, let it be borne in mind that our Parliament cannot grant a bill on this ground, without setting its seal to the Canon, which declares that every member of every denomination which does not re cognize that supremacy, is excommunicate from 'the Cnunoit,' abandoned as (our High Chnrch Doctors teach) to ' the uncovenanted mercies of God.' I-;1. ; 3rd. It is argued that the bill will affect only those person* who choose to submit to it of their own frea choice. This argument proves too much. To de mand a law, which shall .be legally binding upon nobody, is an absurdity, of which we should not sux pect even a Bishop of being guilty. We cannot suppose that the Bishop of Newcastle is so utterly ignorant of the facts of the case as to believe that the bill would not take effect in any way apud iiwitos. The Bishop argues that 'the hill will affect only those persons, who, of. their own free choice, attach themselves to the society incorporated and regulated by tlie bill.' But he seems entirely to overlook the fact that there is a spiritual incorpo. ration preceding this projected legal incorporation. The Church of England teaches, that we become incorporated members of her communion by baptism —and that her clergy become officers of the incor poration by ordination. Will the proposed'.fe«-Jnr law release the clergy from their official character '? Will it release all members from their baptismal ? connection with the Church?. If it does not release , them, how much more, than absurd is it for any Bishop of the Church to pretend that they may cast all these solemn and sacred engagements to' the wind ? Nay more, we dare affirm that any Bishop who can lightlyargue the nothingness or looseness of these spiritual obligations, merely .because the argument suits his own purpose of the moment ? wa dare affirm that such a one is more than unfit for .his office. He is an unfaithful steward of a most sacred trust. . 4th. It is argued that this bill will not affect the members of other communions. This is simply ' untrue. If the Queen's Supremacy is once ad mitted by local enactment— if the Bishop's Letters Patent are once confirmed by the recognition of tho Colonial Parliament— every person in this colony, not a member of the Church of England, must henceforth be content to occupy, at the feet of my 'Lord Bishop,' the position usually assigned to 'Ichabod the dissenter' in the pious aristocratic romances of High. Church novel writers. '. ''' 5lh. The Lord Bishop observes that a 'voluntarii compact' would prore a mere 'rope of sand.' It ! appears to us that a law affecting oniy those, who choose to be affected, could not possibly be anything more, if carried out bona fide. But the Bishop knows perfectly well how 'the free choice' legal enactment system could be worked to produce a ' good legal rope of orthodox legal dimensions/sum'. :' ciently strong to hang any layman who might object . to kiss the toe of the Protestant Pope, or anyrecal citrant priest, who might venture to refuse his Holiness' license. ' 6th. It is argued that the minority is bound to yield to the majority, and that the discussion of the bill should not be renewed in Parliament. No man's conscience is bound by the'eonscience of another. A just cause is not less' just because - there is. a majority of two to one against it. There is a proverb which saith, ' Magna est vlritas, et pravalebit.' Eut that the proverb may be fulfilled ' itis necessary thattruth go forth to battle, even though the odds be greatly against her. Had the Apostles ' obeyed the maxim of Bishop Tyrrell and respected the decisions of the majority, Bishop Tyrrell might have been the High Priest of Jupiter, or the Chief of the Druids, but he could not have been, what he now believes himself to be, a veritable successor of the Apostles. In no cise, civil or ecclesiastical, is the minority so bound by the decision of the majorityas to make it improper fortheminoritytoattempttosecureamajori ty. The Bishops have triumphed in the Conference. Be it so. We hope to triumph in the Legislature. The majority in the Conference bound the Con ference. The majority in the Legislature will bind the Bishops and their obsequious Conferenoes. Yes, my Lords Bishops, you have appealed to the Legislature, and you must accept .the decision of the majority, even though it be against you, as it most undoubtedly will be. 