The House of Assembly nearly committed suicide on Thursday. Indeed the House of Assembly did commit suicide, but was fortu nately galvanized into life again by a dexterous effort on the part of the Speaker. We have all heard of the resuscitation of persons sup posed to be drowned, and of the. recovery of peraons after being hanged (and who, as born to bs hanged couldn't b3 drowned) ; ?we have also heard of the Egyptian, mummy who was suddenly electrified into life by some mysterious process at a meeting of the Philosophical Society. To these memorable instances of the rekindling of the vital spark after it had fled must now be added that of the rekindled fires which were suffered to die out upon the altar of the colonial St. Stephens. We shall never again believe in the mortality of Parliament, — at least so long as the present Speaker lives to collect the scattered embers of its extinguished fires. The House of Assembly met, on Thursday, at the usual hour of one, and at twenty minutes past one adjourned for half an hour, in order to afford time for the Speaker, and other hon. members, to carry up the reply to His Excel lency. At ten minutes to two the Speaker was again in the chair, but the charms of what the hon. member for Encounter Bay calls that 'highly picturesque' spot adjacent to the Houses of Parliament, or perhaps the exigencies of lunch, had the effect of drawing away the greater part of the House from the scene of duty and glory. The Speaker took the chair, and bestowed occasional glances at the four or five members who were seated before him. A bell was then rung to summon the loiterers, and a few answered to the call ; still, there was no quorum, and after waiting the appointed time, the Speacer declared the House adjourned till 1 o'clock next day, and immediately left the Chair, followed by most of the hou. members then present, and by the re. porters of the press, who quitted the gallery immediately on the adjournment being declared. And now arose the diflieulty. The usual for mality of moving ' that the House, at its rising, do adjourn till ? ' the next or some future day, had been omitted, and, consequently, the House of Assembly was legally defunct ! In vested with the power of adjourning its sittings from one day to another, the Legislature has no power of calling itsslf togetner if once sepa rated other than by adjournment. The Assembly had clearly given the coup de grace, — had shuffled off the mortal coil of ths session at its very out set, and had become really nothing more than the ghost of a Parliament. But the Speaker. — to whom the Soyal Humane Society should award its gold medal — by a few judicious passes galvanized the dead, but not cold body into life. The hon. gentleman took the chair again, a proceeding which had the same effect upon those members still lingering in the precincts of the chamber as the retrogres sion of the sun would have upon the animal creation, supposing that orb to wheel round the chariot of day immediately after having driven it into tha domain of Ifight. ' The Speaker is in the chair ;' hon. members could not under stand it ; one afcsr another ran to see the sight, a ' house' was thus formed, and business was entered upon, greatly to the scandal of the Standing Order3, and, as events proved, much to the discomfiture of the Commissioner of Public Works. Tha defunct Assembly being revivified, the first act was to achieve a defeat of the Government. Our readers will still want to know how it happened that after tha Speaker had de clared the House adjourned its sitting was resumed. We have already . stated the real object of th} re-assembling ; namsly, to restore the suspended animation of this branch of the Legislature. But it will still be asked how the Speaker could do so ? Well, we believe the story is that the bell rung in uni formity with the rule of the House had lost its clapper— at all events it told nothing, and the Speaker (we believe) ruled that a bell which did not ring had not been ruug ; and that as it had not been rang, the adjournment was premature and irregular. A pretty story of a bell, doubtless ; — but not quite satisfactory, though it would too much savour of red-tapisai to complain that the Speaker, in raising to Ufa a d?ai Parliament had done so 'irregularly.' We must excuse the mode of operation in honor of the deed itsslf. There i3 a story of a tyrannical Bashaw who fell overboard, and on being saizsd by the pig-tail ju3t as he was sinking for the third time, signalized his rescue by ordering th.2 immediate execution of the unfortunate wretch who dared to insult that awful appendage. We must not evince a similar spirit toward ' Mr. Speaker,' — but it is an undoubted fact that he declared the House adjourned, dispersed the m9mber3, scattered the reporters, and contrary to all rule and order, was sitting in the chair a quarter of an hour afterwards, presiding over the deliberations of the adjourned session. Me. Selwtn, the Government Geologist o Victoria, is now in this colony, having been invited by the Executive to spend a month or two in the examination of the gold-bearing and coal-bearing strata of South Australia, the Government of Victoria — whose permission was necessarily required — srave immediate and cheerful sanction ; and Mr. Selwyn is now pre pared to place two months of his valuable time at the disposal of this country. We are most happy that this arrangement has been effected ; for even should no practical result follow, it will be at least a matter of peculiar satisfaction to know that the metalliferous and carboniferous indications of the colony have been carefully examined by an officer possessing the eminent scientific knowledge and practical experience united in Mr. Selwyn. The gentleman whose name we have men tioned is now inspecting the country around Eehunga and Hahndorf, and will return to town in a day or two for further ordere. It is not yet decided as to the particular route to be taken by Mr. Selwyn, but we believe no time will be lost in despatching him on one of his main trips. The Commissioner of Crown Lands stated in the House on Wednesday, that the intended jour neys would embrace both the northern and the southern districts. We trust that the predictiens in His Excellency's speech, relative to the mineral resources of the north, will be verifiad by Mr. Selwyn's examination of the locality, and that the result may be such as to stimulate capitalists to address themselves with adequate spirit and determination to the development of our hitherto hidden treasures. Teinitt Boaed Expenditure. — The follow ing is the Trinity Board estimate of aid re quired for lighthouses, buoys, beacons, and moorings ; also of expenditure for coast and harbour service, for the year 1859-60 : — Light- houses, 2,OO0Z. ; buoys and beacons, 300J. ; moor ings, 750Z. ; at Port Adelaide, time ball, 100£. ; atPort Wakefield, repairs to buoys and beacons, 20Z. ; at Port Elliot and Encounter Bay, Harbor Mastsr, 200Z. ; boat hire and harbor expenses, 150Z. ; at Port Robe, Harbor Master, 50Z. ; boat hire and harbor expenses, 20Z. ; at Port Wil lungs., Harbor Master, 50£. ; boat hire and harbor expenses, 100Z. ; at Port Onkaparinga, boat hire and harbor expenses, 501. ; at Yan kalilla and Second Valley, boat hire and harbor expenses, 100£. ; on the River Murray, signal man, 150Z. ; shifting buoys and beacons, repairs to ditto, and expenses, 2001. ; and at Port Augusta, beaconing channel, 100£. Total re quired for Trinity Board, 4.340Z. Me. Davis's Petition. — The motion for printing this petition created no little merriment m the House of Assembly on Tuesday. It did, however, something more thanthis ; inasmuchas it led to a very distinct enunciation by the Attorney General and other members, as to the impropriety of private individuals being allowed to print their personal fancies and prejudices at the public cost, when no question of public policy is involved, and when no action on the part of any member of the Legislature is intended to be ^ak'en. National Bank of Australasia. — Conse- quent on Mr. Maturin leaving for England, he has resigned office as a provisional Director of this Bank, and the Hon. Captain Bagot has been appointed in his place. From Captain Bagot's high qualifications for this post, coupled with the fact that his private affairs are in no way likely to clash with the interests of the Bank's cus tomers, we expect the appointment will be a very popular one. Postal Reform. — It will be perceived from the Chief Secretary's reply to the Hon. Mr. Forster, in the Legislative Council on Tuesday, that arrangements have been framed in order to obviate that very absurd and most undignified practice hitherto in force in Melbourne of de- tainiug South Australian letters posted inad vertently with an insufficient number of stamps, i We are sure that the central post-office in each city could easily collect for the other whatever deficiencies may arise on this score. 