,'/ ' ,THE.' CATHOLIC AND PROTESTANT ' \- VERSIONS OF THE BIBLE. A LECTURE BY BISHOP O'CONNOR, OF PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA. A Lecture on the .above subject wns delivered on Sunday, evening, June 30th, at the City Assembly Rooms, Broadway, New York, by Bishop 0'Connof, of-;Pittsburgh, to an immense audience. Long be fore Right Rev. Lecturer made his appearance the building was crowded to its utmost capacity. The proceeds are to be devoted to the benefit of the Pittsburgh Cathedral, which, it will be lemembered, was destroyed by file, at the instance, as is supposed, sf the Know Nothings, some two years since. The Slight Rev. lecturer was greeted with loud applause, vzhichwas repeated several times during the de livery of his discourse. The Right Rev. Bishop commenced by saying :? The great mass of Protestants, though never avow ing it in words — not even' formally, I am sure, ae { knowledging it to themselves — -would seem to en tertain,, and to act on the conviction, that the English Version of the Bible, which they use, came down from Heaven, polished and prepared in its present form in all its details. For them it is the Word of God. They will brook no opposition to it. They ennnot understand the possibility of its being rejectedlon any'other ground than want of faith in the Scriptures. And as for rejecting it through respect for th'e Scripture, through love and zeal for the integrity and purity of God's written Word; they look upon the thing as almost paradoxical. Yet the identity of the Scriptures— of those truly entitled to tho name — with the version they use, is far from being a matter of course. Though God has provided the food by which the body is nourished, yet before it is fit for the palate and stomach much preparation is necessary. This not unfrequently unfi's it for the very purpose for which it was intended by the Common Father. Sometimes poison is added and it appears delightful to the eye and agreeable to the palate, yet carries «^»n» *v niw oj oibiti t? I11U1I Jk WHO UulUUlULcU IO nourish. In like manner, what men of God, in spired by tho Holy Ghost, committed to writing must undergo many changes before it is prepared for the world : while in itself perfect, in this process it becomes compounded with by the work of erring man.. The last results frequently bear the impress of his weakness, his ignorance, his prejudices, and his errors— nay more, it is made at times the instrument of his malice, being perverted to diffuse under a dirine garb the fancies of his own brain,, the corrupt designs of his own heart. The subject of his lecture would be to show the spirit in which the work of/translation had been conducted during tho last three centuries. We should see how far . the versions produced were subject to the charges he hinted at. He thought he should be able to satisfy the audience that the anxiety of the Catholics for the exclusive UBe of their own version, among their own people, was not, as some imagined, without good ground ; that their objection to certain other versions was net. only con sistent with, but a necessary result of, loyal attach ment to the pure Word of God. A correct transla tion of any book should be an accurate transfer — ns the word implies — of what is contained in oue language into another ; it should clothe the same ? idea's in other words ; neither more nor less than is contained in the original should be found in it. If the original, was ambiguous, the translator could . not select one .of its meanings, iu preference to anotlier, without'being a commentator. If an am biguous sentencb was inserted, a positive injury might be done. If the translator modified the sense to suit his own views he became a downright im postor. The popular opinion to which ho had alluded arose from ignorance of the difficulties thai beset the translator. Many imagined that because the words bread, water, and the like, correspond in overy tongue, the translator of a book has nothing :-. more to do than to substitute the words of one language for words of equivalent meaning in another. Words, particularly the most important ones, did not always coincide in their meaning ; words of a doubtful import must be replaced by those of fixed meaning, and a choice must be made by the trans lator of words which will bo intelligible and Which ho considers to have their meaning. A whole change must be frequently given to the form of a ?entence, which was often done with the best inten tions, but the translation necessarily bore ths im P^w of the mind and of the opinions of the translator. ? Ho should merely allude to a special difficulty in making a correct translation of the Sacred Scrip tures — that of procuring correct copies of the origi nal. We have neither tho original productions themselves, nor copies that could be telied upon. Catholic and Protestant critics had devoted much labor and skill 'in comparing the various readings found in different copies. Omitting those of little orn° consequence, several thousands remained of greater or less importance between which it was dif ficult, and sometime* impossible, to say which was correct. It w.is true, and he made tho remark with pride, that the number of those readings not only did not affect the truths of faith, but afforded a pow erful argument in favor of the purity of tho text, and of tho truth of the substance of the narrative; yet they were frequently of great importance, as everything affecting the accuracy of the sacred text must be. The best critics allowed that tho . words, ' For.Thina is the power and glory,' &c.;, after the Lord's prayer in Matthew vi., was an in terpolation.' These readings frequently affected tho ? I ? *??' proof of the most important dogmas. He referred to the subject for purpose of protesting against the notion that tho Hebrew or Greek text found in our printed copies is the stand-point and only reading ?f to which all versions must conform, as well ns to . protest against the idea that a text correct in all de ' tails -n the original, or in the different versions, is \- within the reach of every one. Far more serious were the variations which arise from the bias of the mind of the translator, when consciously or unconsciously he makes the text reflect his own private opinions. In endeavouring to shuw how far this had been done by Protestant translators, he would first refer to examples drawn from the old Englith translation!!, now abandoned by our separated brethren, or from versions of other countries difK-ring from theirs. By this : course he should be able to illustrate a principle of the gieatest importance, without oocupying tho potition of an ussailaut of what was prized so dearly' by those among whom wo live. Nay, in any condemnation which he should call for, justice would entitle him to their sympathy. Having disposed of the more ancient production^ be would consider tjio versions commonly in use among Pro testants of -this day and of this country. It°was a ? common idea amongst them that the spread of the Reformation in the sixteenth century was duo to . the translation and use of the Biblo in the common tongues. Without examining this in other points of view, ho would undertako to show that the Biblo used iu the early days of the Reformation was in tentionally perverted for tho purpose of giving currency '.'to preconceived errors. This could be proved by.irien occupying positions in the reformed churches themselves.':' Luther^ translated the Bible which Zuinglius denounces as corrupt. He said — 'Thou corruptest the 'Vv'prd of God, oh I Lnther ; and thou seemest to be a manifest- per verter of tho Scripture. How mvcb are we ashamed of thee, oh! Luther, to be such a' man.' Another learned Protestant divine, Leusdcn, said of Luther's version, ' It is full of faults,' and the Synod of Dort formally condemned the Dutch version, and .ordered a new one to bs made from the original. The spirit in which he made his translation may he Been in the language he used when convicted of wilful interpolation : ' So I will, so I command; let my will stand for the reason,' was his bold reply. ' The word alone must remain in my. New Testament, though the Papists run mad.' CEcolampadius and other divines made a transla tion rlso, but Beza laid of it, ' It is in many cases wicked and differing from the mind of the Holy Ghost.' The same great scholar calls the transla tion of Castallio wicked, and Mollineus Baid of Calvin, ' That he makes the text of the Gospel'1 to leap up and down, and uses violence to the letter of the Gospel, and, besides, adds to the text.' Beza himself made a translation, which ^exercised a powerful influence on the various Protestant translations made afterwards. .Of, him Mollineus' .said-he actually changed the text. M'Knight, a learned biblical scholar, said of him, ' That he had mistranslated a number of texts for the pur pose, it would scorn, of establishing his peculiar doctines and confuting his opprnents. Nevertheless, Beza having acquired great fame as a -linguist and divine, men who afterwards translated the New Testament were too much Bwayed by bis opinions.' It would be superfluous to produce arguments to prove the estimation in which the early English translations were held by the Protestants them, selves, when they had time to examine them. The fact of a new one being required and adopted in 1G11 is sufficient proof of their distrust in the former one, for it was not through a desire for a more elegant composition that this was undertaken. It was tho result of strong and continued remon strance on the part of the ministers and the people, who declared the version they possessed to be incor rect and corrupt. The ministers of the diocese' of Lincoln declared the version in common use to bo absurd and senseless, perverting in many cases the sense of the Holy Ghost. Broughton, whom Strype called the greatest scholar in Hebrew of his day, said the published translation of the Scriptures per-, verted the Old Testament in 818 places, and caused millions to reject the 'New Testament, and run to eternal flames on this ground. He demanded that a new one be compiled. It was true that this crim ination and recrimination were the result of their idea, that the versions they condemned were calcu lated to injure the systems to which they were res pectively wedded. But this only proved what, he was endeavouring to establish, that they were made for, and calculated to foster, sectarian views.' But he would now pass from general statements and enter into details, and see how the gentlemen alluded to twisted and perverted and corrupted the sacred text. All were acquainted with the addition made by Luther to the words of St. Paul to the Ro mans, 3rd chap. 28th verse: 'We account a man,' said the Apostle, 'to be justified by faith without the works of the law.' He is made by Luther to say ' by faith alone,' or to follow the order qf the German, 'aloes by faith.' .-It was in defence of this word alone that he made his apologetic expres sions already quoted. The passage was thus trans lated to establish the doctrine of the sufficiency of taith alone for justification. The Rt., Rev. Bishop did not admit that such a consequence flowed from it. Man was justified without the works of the law, and without any other works that he could perform before receiving the gift of faith. Could he by works of his own strength merit grace, it would be no longer grace. Such was the doctrine of the Ca tholic Church. The Apostle did' not condemn works performed in faith and through faith; ? It was unnecessary to quote the passages where an eternal reward was promised to such works, or to show that other dispensations were necessary. 'Unless you do penance, you shall all likewise perish.' ' Unless a man bo born of water and the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter the kingdom of Heaven.' Repentance therefore and love are ac oessary to our reconciliation with God, The Apostle said we were justified by faith, because faith is the first essential disposition for this purpose. It was, as the Council of Trent said, ' the fountain and root of justification.' It was a common, thing in the Scriptures, as in ordinary conversation, to attribute an effect to one, and especially to the prin cipal one of many causes. But- why shoald Lulher insert the word alone ? It wa3 evidently done to deceive the unguarded, and make them believe the new dogma was contained in the very words of Scripture. Yet this unwarrantable addition, which no other Protestant version he was acquainted with had adopted, remained in the German Protestant translations, circulated at the present day in this and other countries. In the famous text 1 Tim., 2d chapter and Sth verse: ' There. is one God, and one mediator of God and men.' Ho found the French Protestant translation, printed in 1843 by the Bible Society of— Paris/ inserting the word only, making it ' one only mediator.' The French translator interpolated the word only. In the sense in which Christ is mediator there cannot be more than one, while it was admitted in principle by i-.ll, that there are other mediators, i^otjrtjjeayen, at least.on. earth, in the same sense' in which Catholics admit of what is called tho mediatorship of creatures. This passage, notwithstanding the boastful use made of it, presented no difficulty to Catholic doctrine. Was .not such tampering with Holy Writ truly shameful t The reformers, in setting up a new religion, found it necessary to resist and separate themselves from tho whole church — it was a bold undertaking. It was as much opposed to the instincts of the Christian people as to tho Saored Scriptures, to suppose that Christ could have abandoned His Church, and let her become for ages the mother of abomination. He himself built His Church and promised ' that the gates of hell should never prevail against it.' Ho became the heatl of this Church. He loved it and delivered Himself up for it, that he might ?sanctify and cleanse it by the laver of water in tho word of life, that he might present it to Himself a ] glorious Church, not having a spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and j without blemish. The Apostle did not hesitate, both , on account of his constancy . and her fidelity, to I present, the union of the Church with Christ as a ? model of the unity which should exist between husbands and wives. If the -Church were destined to becomo faithless and adulterous, she would not have been choBon by Him as such a model. It was ' necessary to blot out the great promises from Holy ' Writ in order to conceal tho sacrilegious character ! of tho work proposed by tho reformers. The words ' of Christ no longer read, ' Upon this rock I will build my Church, and tho gates of hell shall not prevail against it:' they became, ' Upon this rock will I build my congregation.' Tho communion of Christ with His Church became a communion with His congregation. It was n glorious congregation that Ho presented to Himself. Notwithstanding tho reasons alleged to justify the translation, the word congregation had already a definite and limited mean ing. The promises of Christ were therefore frittered away, and the people were forced to seek some inter pretation which excluded the great plan adopted by God to communicate to man the knowledge of the Gospel. This translation subserved another purpose. It was calculated to form a now theory regarding the authority of congregations as distinct from their pastors, Christ was made to command .the people to bring their complaints before the congregation, ' And if he will not htar the congregation, let him be to thee as a heathen and a publican.' In some passages, for instance Acts, 14th chap., 22nd verse, where it was said Paul and Barnabas ' had ordained for them priests in every Church,' it was made to read ' They had ordained elders for them by election in every congregation.' And in a French transla tion it yet read ' they had established elders in every Church by the advice of the meeting.' As the pre sent authorized Protestant version, with the.excep tion.of retaining the word elders, has given Up this tampering, and these additions, and. adopted our version, it. could be seen at once how urtwafc$intable was their insertion. The Catholic doctrine'of the vene ration of images was one of the points assailed, and pictures and statues were destroyed with a zeal that would have done credit to the Jews of the strictest sect. The principles and practices of Protestants in this respect were now softened down to the dic tates of common sense. They had come' back to the Catholic Church, in this respect they made images ; aye, and . they respected them, too. For what other purpose were they made but through respect for those whom they represent. It mattered nothing by what name thpt respect were designated ; whether the knee be bent, or the head be bowed, or a respectful glance be cast. The internal act which wan expressed by these was essentially the same ; the war could be kept up against us only by first misrepresenting our tenets and then attacking the phantom that had been raised. But the reformers in their Iconoclastic war^ngainst all and every use of statues and sacred 'pictures, by adroitly inserting the word image into certain passages for idols, as in the 2d of Corinthians, 6th chap, and 16th verse, and 1st John, 'chap v., 21st verse. The first was made to redd, ' how. agreeth the temple of God with images.' This answered the purpose of the reformers' wonder fully when they undertook to break down and cast out of the church the images of Christ and Hi* saints amidst the excitement'bf tho mob whom they had maddened with this cry. The second passage was made to read, 'Babes keep yourselves from images.'. This was written unscrupulously on the walls of the churches to warn the faithfujagaihst a returning to their former practices. It would take too long if he were to dwell upon the rainy tenets upon which the Scripture were made to ': speak against flogmas and Sacraments — Baptitm and the Holy Eucharist. He would allude to but a few in stancesof this kind. The old translations carefully retain tjie words tradition where it is spoken with con demnation ; whereas when it is spoken of with praise, though the same Greek word is used, instead of tra dition they used the word instructions and ordinances. Such is the case in 2d Thes., 2d chap., 14th verse, and:3a chap, and 6th verse. . Tradition' was' thus destined to become odious. The word 'Altar,' which implies sacrifice, just as the word boat orship means a thing to float on the water, was changed to 'table.' After referring to several other passages in which the meaning of the original text was perverted in the ' old version,' the Right Her. Bishop proceeded to speak of the present Protestant translation known as King James's version, which, he said, was pub lished injfirl, by order of King James I,', of Eng land, upon the truth of which millions of our coun trymen stake their salvation. He would not speak of its merits as a piece of English composition. It took up and gave predominance to the Anglo-Saxon type, which, modern scholars value so much, and are so anxious to reproduce. Whatever its merits are in this respect, they are no compensation if it be found wanting in faithfulness— in presenting in their purity the oracles of God. Having corrected many of the ancient errors, it is not subject to all the charges made against them. But he thought he should be'able to satisfy them that many-others re mained, and where flagrant corruptions are ' not found, a bent is given to the text, making it conform to the peculiar views of the translators. He would begin with passages with regard to which the truth of his remarks would be verified by the copies in circulation amongst Protestants. In tho 1st of Corinth., 9th chapter and Sth verse, the Apostle says, ' Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other Apostles, and as the breth ren of the Lord and Cephas?' This would seem to imply that the Apostles actually had wives, and that St. Paul claimed the right of having one, if he thought proper. He need not tell them that the Church selects her ministers only from these who bind themselves to perpetual celibacy. The original word, gunaika, which is translated wife, primarily meant woman. It might indeed mean wife, but this was a restricted moaning, and thero should be something in the context to require re strictions before its- use in that tense could be warrantable. A practice prevailed among the Jewi to take women with thorn to minister tojtlieirjwants. A number followed our Lord himself as well as the Apostles. It wai to this the Apostle evidently referred, to avoid the most remote breath of scandal. In other Protestant versions, in Acts, 1st chapter and 14th verse, the Apostles were said to be in prayer with the ' wives ;' but here tho author, ized version had changed the word ..back to ' women.' So manifestly is this translation un necessary, that in the margin of many Protestant editions we find a note opposite ' wife,' saying, ' or woman,' thereby confessing that this is o proper term. But if it were even admissible, why not trust to its natural force, and hot foist its sectarian view into the text? In Heb. 13th chap, and 4th verse, tho Protestant Bible reads, ' Marriage is honourable in all.' This, too, is quoted against Catholic discipline. In this passage the word is is confessedly an addition; its being printed in italics was evidence that it was an addition ; that it I was not a necessary and proper addition .might be proved from the context itself. The next verse read, ' Let your conversation be without covetous ness ;' there the words let, your, and be were italicised, which was evidence that they also wero additions. The meaning of these two passages was distorted, for the verses immediately preceding them showed that the whole paragraph was an exhortation. Why, then, should the translation be made to express an affirmation, unless it'waa done for certain purposes ? In Hebrews 10th chap, and 38th verse, the Pro testant version reads : ' The jUBt liveth by faith, but if any man shall draw back my soul shall have rib pleasure in him.' flThe ;words 'any, man' are; italicised, which is an admission that they have been added by the .translator. A cursory reader might' suppose that they made no great, difference, but they had an essential bearing on the doctrine of the in admissibility of Grace. The text literally translated would read, 'The just shall live by faith, but if he draw back my soul shall have no pleasure in him.' Thus is implied the possibility of the person who lived by faith afterwards drawing back and incurring the divine pleasure. Tho ' drawing back' .referred to a different subject, and this destroyed the whole text. He then quoted Campbell, Adam Clark, the great commentator, and others who condemn severely this rendering of the text. Every one was familiar with the denunciation of the Latin tongue in our public Liturgy. And in condemnation of it is commonly quoted the 1st of Corinthians, chap. 14, where the display of an '.un- known tongue' in the assemblies of the faithful was condemned by the Apostle, and yet it would hardly be believed that the word ' unknown' . has been wantonly added, as the italics in which it is printed are an admission that it has. This admitted addition was found to occur no less than five times in this ; chapter— in the 4th, 13th, 14th, 19th and 27th verses. The addition of so important a word was certainly unjustifiable. The object proposed by the addition wras well understood by its 'use. ? '' .'. He had already stated that words and phrases' were sometimes capable of various meanings, qf which one must be selected by the translator. It was at times neceisary for the translator to be guided by the analogy of faith in order that he might select a meaning conformable to the doctrine of revelation. One who had formed a theory on this subject would naturally be influenced by it in his selection. It was a matter of choice which depended upon his view of the original. He had no doubt that in this way the high predeslinarian views of tho English Protestant version had been very much strengthened by the frequent use of the word shall rather than will, which was evidently a matter of choice and depended on the translator's opinion of the meaning of the original. A text translated under influences of this kind is likely to receive a secta rian bent. Words indicative of office, had in all language an application, understood in the commu nities for which such offices are created ; and it ' would be absurd to make the powers, the rights, or the duties of those who hold them depend upon the etymology of such names. There are in the Church persons who hold certain offices, called by the nameB of Deacons and Priests, set apart by the imposition of hands. We found also Bishops whom the Holy . Ghost had placed to rule the Church of God. The ?literal meaning of these words is Servant^ Elder, and Overseer. In the Greek they are Diaconos, Prn byterot, and JSpiscopoi, agreeing with the Saxon Bis cop. He showed that these words were interpreted wrong ; the words, had several meanings in the seve ral senses in which they should be taken, but in relationlto the Church they had but one meaning. The word Servant would be a ridiculous one to in dicate the office of a Deacon. The word Overseer as indicating a Bishop is equally improper. In the very passage in which it is used this was apparent. It would take him too long were he to relate all the passages that were made to suit the peculiar views of the translators. Many were now restive under the present one. The Baptists would like to blot out the word baptism'-and -rasert immersion in its stead. If they could bring this about, the contro versy about baptism might be said to be closed. If that were done it would be a counterpart of turning Priest into Elder and Bishop into Overseer. It would be amusing, if it were not terrible, to witness how many if not all the great passages regarding the. divinity of Jesus Christ, and the Triune God, disappear under the pen of another set of transla tors. Any one acquainted with their steps knows how many specious arguments can be deduced to fritter down almost any passage. He should merely glance at a few more passages in the common Protestant version. He would not dwell on the insertion of the word Image in the translation of the commandments in the 20th chap ter of Exodus, and the use of the words, 'bow down 'to them.' He would merely remark that while giving it a certain direction, the word limits the commandment, which refers to all graven things aB well as images, while the words ' bow down,' by giving an etymological meaning, would make it refer to a mere ceremony and not to the adoration that can be directed to God alone. Christ, speak ing of a certain virtue, said, ' all do not receive this word,' and the Apostle, on the same subject, Bays, ' If they do not contain themselveB let them . marry. King James's version reads, ' If they cannot contain themselves,' which implies the impossibility of practising celibacy, and favors those priests who at the Reformation took to themselves wives. In 1st Corinth., 2d chap., verse 27, it was Baid, ' Whosoever shall eat this bread, or drink the chalice of the Lord' unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and of the blood of the Lord.' Catholics were in the habit of appealing to this to prove the propriety of the use of either element. -Instead of this it is translated in the Protestant ver sion — evidently to do away with the force of tho argument — 'Whosoever shall eat or drink un worthily,' &c;, a change for which I am unable to see an appearance of a justification. It is made in the Protestant version to serve a most important purpose, in relation to the Lord's Supper, as in Matthew, 26th chap, and 26th verse. As they were eating, it was said, 'Jesus took bread and blessed it and brake it and gave it to his disciples and said) Take eat, this is my body.' The word it is itali cised in each place, and is therefore admittedly an addition to the translation. He need not undertake to prove it. It might seem of little consequence, but it naturally led the reader to believe that not only when He took it it was bread, but that it re mained bread when He blessed and brake it, and gave it. to the disciples. The original, literally translated would read, 'Jesus took bread and biassed and brake and gave to his disciples and said, Take eat, this is my body.' A strict ad herence to this reading would show that what he took was bread, but tlie remarkable omission of noun or pronoun would seem to require a suspense of judgment as to the nature of that which was broken and given to the disciples — tap words He used immediately after telling them what it was — ' ' This is my body' — the contrary effect produced . by tho addition of it would be neutralized. The insertion of the word it, referring back to the bread, not only destroys the force of this reflection, but makes the Evangelist designate as bread what was given to the disciples, and goes far towards giving an anti-Catholio meaning to the text. The reader of the Protestant version is thus led by this small interpolation to an auti-Catholio conclusion by what the,y are pleased to call the pure Word of God. If the translation of a will or any other docu ment from n foreign language were taken before a Court of Justice, and faults were proved to exist in it such as I have pointed out to you, by and in favor of the parties who produced it, would not the whole documont be thrown out of Court, and a now translatiQn.ordered? Should.the ITfistarnent/of our Lord and .pur, God alone be i»o,abused, and they who refuse to receive it in such a form be described ns its enemies. Do not speak to me of versions without' note or comment. There are no such things to be found ; and, above all, King James's— the one in common use among Protestants now-a-dayo — is not such a version. It not only contains the trans lator's views where choice is unavoidable, hut ;it goes out of its way, with wanton additions, false translations, and admitted interpolations, to make the. text speak the sectarian , views of its . authors ; and when CatholicB object to its use, nill men. not' find in their objections rather a proof of loyalty to the truth, instead of opposition, as, is represented by many. Our poor separated brethren .read this version mistranslated, as I have shown you, which throws a veil over the oracles of God, and distorts their meaning, and yet imagine that in doing so they are in communication with Heaven itself; while at the mercy of King James's translators, although in their graves, they think they are only asserting Christian liberty by resisting the interpretation of the Church of Jesus Christ — the Church that was established by God for the purpose of doing this, and to which Christ said in the persons of its fitst pastors: 'He that heareth you heareth Me; he that despiseth you despiscth Me; and he that .des piseth Me despiseth Him that sent Me.' He said it was now time to speak about the Ca tholic versions. There was an idea afloat that the translation of the Bible into the common languages was due to the Reformation, yet this was an untruth which did little credit to those who propagated it. Not one but several translations were published of the Bible in Germany, France, Italy and other countries before tlie Reformation was dreamt of. He himself took notes of several in the Italian languge, which ho found in the public library of the Protestant city of Stuckhart, in Germany. He must, how ever, confine himself to the English version pub lished at Rbeims in 1582, and the Old Testament at the English College at Douay in 1610. Hence the names of Douay and Rhemish Testaments. To form a proper idea of this it was necessary to go back to the Latin Vulgate version, which it was in tended to reproduce for the English reader. This had been in use from the earliest ages and .received the highest sanction from the Council of Trent. It was objected to the Douay version that it was a translation of a translation, that it was subject to a double set of mistakes. The remark had only an apparent force. It might have some were each an ordinary one. Were we to translate from a transla tion without being able to look at the original, the old mistakes might remain and new ones be com mitted ; but when a translator used a translation of the highest value, and when both the translation and the original were before him, the imperfections and obscurities of each were removed ; and when the reading of the original was doubtful, probably lost, and the meaning of words was uncertain, as was the the case frequently with regard to the Old and New Testaments, it was invaluable to have a version in a language better known, made in a day when the ori ? ginal was better understood, and which received the highest -sanction. To reproduce such a version as faithful as possible, was more useful than to attempt iu ma&e; a new unc wun less periecc means. The English, iu the same manner as the Vulgate version, hid been the model of many other trans lations, acting on the sam? principle, whi«h had, in our case, a more wprthy application. The theologians of the Douay College translated into English the old Latin Vulgate version, which is due to tbe labors of St. Jerome, towards the close of the fourth century. The whole of the New Testament, and a great part of the Old, he merely revised from what was called the Italic version, the exactdate of which is aot known, but which is, certainly, not later than the beginning of the second century. Walton says that it probably existed from the beginning — even from the Apostles' days, and he mentions with respect the opinion of those -who attribute it to one qf the Disciples. Any one acquainted with the character of Saint Jerome will admit that one could ?not be found more competent for this grand under taking. Thoroughly versed in classical literature, he applied himself with assiduous care to the study of the Hebrew and Chaldaic, under some of the most learned Jewish doctors who were then living — a man of the most austere piety, penetrated with the spirit of God, he studied and translated in prayer, and dived into the very depths of the meaning of the Divine Word. His work was not less the tesult of assiduous toil than of long and hearty prayer from a.soul filled with God ; but the piety and learning of Sf. Jerome were not the only pledges of its accuracy. The teaching of those who are called Fathers in the Catholic Church was respected not merely on ac count of their own merits, they were what we call representative men. It was the fact of these works being hailed by the great and good men of their day, as an echo of the faith of theirtimes, thatgiveg them weight and authority with us. It was thus with the version of St. Jerome ; his own learning and piety gave it a value which no writer of our day can aspire to. He said that the Council of Trent adopted St. Jerome's version as the standard one, and quoted many Protestant authors who speak highly of its merits. He said the authors of the Douay versions, though men of gigantic minds, having been forced to receive their education and live in a foreign land, did not give their work as much perfection in the purity of style as their English rivals brought up in the splendid universi ties which their Catholic forefathers had founded at home. But what was elegance of language com pared with purity aud value of truth ? The in spired- writers of the New Testament had used a language that was subject, more or less, to a similar charge, hut who would undervalue their productions because they abound with Hebraism and other barbarisms of style? The purity and eloquence of their language was far inferior to that of Sophocles and Demosthenes, Yet, such as they were, we should be glad to avoid the imperfections, and avail ourselves of the labours of tho Douay translators. He said Archbishop Kendrick of Baltimore, who had already translated several books, was still continuing his labours, and the learned and polished Dr. Newman was also pre paring a new translation for the press. He then quoted passages from Scrivener, Kelto, and other Protestant Writers, who state that the Rhemish translators were never convicted of any wilful mistranslations, which iias something that all Catholics could be proud of — especially in viow of the corruptions which the reformers lay to the charge of one another, and of which they stand not merely charged, but convicted. The Catholic ver sion is printed with notes and comments. Who will venture to blame them ? every sect has pub lished notes; when not printed they are given out in the Sunday School and from the pulpit, and in the daily intercourse of life. I will venture to say that.no one- reads,.or can read,- the most important doctrinal passages without such comments being present to his mind. Is it not wise that the Chris, tian should know what meaning the Churoh attaches to the word of God. The learned Bloomfield tells us that the 3rd chap, and 20th verse of Ga Utians had no less than 250 different interpretations; more than 100 different interpreta tions have been given by Protestants, to the simple words ' this is my body.' The most important passages in. relation to the divinity of our Lord have been twisted ; can it bo a crime, then, to make sure that the unlearned know what the Church look upon as certain amongst these con. flicting interpretations. You now see what kind of Bibles are in circulation. Amongst those in circu lation the Catholic version is not as limited as it is imagined. Several editions of different size Bibles have been sold by the Sadliers, Dunigan & Bro., Donahoe, Commiskey aud others, amounting in al to several hundred thousand copies. The Right Rev. Prelate closed as follows : My object has been to show you in what spirit the work of translation has been conducted within and with, out the pale of the Catholic Church, and to give some reasons lor our anxiety in adhering to our owji version — to one made in an orthodox spirit. Though I have occupied your time much longer than I' wished, the subject has been treated but briefly when we consider its importance. I trust, however, you will tod in what I have said some good reason for adhering to the course we have adopted. On returning home after his duel with young O'Connoll, Lord Alvanloy gayp a guinea to his hackneycoaoliman who had driven him out and brought him baok. The man, surprised at the large ness of the sum, said ' My Lord, I only took Vou, to ? ? ? '_ ' My friend,' interrupted, .Alvanwy,, 'tlie guinea it for. bringing mo back, not. for takiug( mo.' — Rogers' Table Talk. i 4- correeppncleneo has .arisen, put of \a .r P,us0y its .publication, called the ZXrecloriurn ??/£'-/' - licanum. -Many of the olergy.of :tho dioceso. of 0x- p ford,.rofuting:Puseyite imputations lately cost. ppon them, say in an address to tho Biahop of Oxford : ' — ' We conceive from the oxtraots yre have seen- ? from it, that Mr. Purehas's hook .is. a . vory unwise qnd mischievous publication. Wo .are strongly ; opposed to .all, attem pts to altor in i any. 'respects the ritual of .our reformed .ohuroh, of which wo .are, : as , our fathors wero before ub, Joyol ,.and affectionate sons. -Wo are confident, -from :our oxporiencoiof your episoopal rule of fourteen years .amongst .us, that these are also your convictions and principles [ of action; and many of us know instances in' whioh, whoro young and inexperionced mon hare '. been led in this direction, you have : kindly Jjut . firmly restrained 'them and -corrected their errors.' Tho'Bishop says in his reply : — ' You well know that I have o jealous 'dread of evory Romanizing ? tendency, and that I have not tho slightest sym- . pathy .with thoso who wish to restore among us such a ritual as Mr. Purchas describes, — for that, in mjr opinion, -such attempts both .breed, on the one side, in some weak minds a longing, first for - the gorgeous ritual, and then for the corrupt doc- . trines of Rome, and on the other tend far mare widely to alienate our people from Bound Ohuroh of England principles, and give -occasion to such calumnies as these whioh you'have condomned. . . . Tho diocese is, I rejoice to believe, indeed, ' the 'centre' of a great 'movement.' But that . movement is not Romeward. It is really a move mont towards that whioh Romanists havo always found to be the strongest guard against the intro duction of their manifold corruptions — a move-' : ment towards a heartier, more self-denying, more- '.'-,/ laborious, and more devout maintenance of true Chirch of Englagd faith, and carrying out of true Church of England practice both among our clergy and our laity.' The late Superioress of Notre Damb' Content, Mount Pieasant. — Thursday morning March the 26th, the mortal remains of the above respected lady were conveyed to their last resting place, in St. Oswald's Old Swan. Previous to the removal of the body from {ho house of mourning, the Very Rev. Provost Cookson sang a solemn requiom mass, assisted by the Revs. J. Nugent ' and E. O'Reilly, with, the Rev. Dr. RoBkoll acting ' ~ as master of ceremonies. The deceased was only forty-three years of age, and her premature death is regretted by a large circle of the religious. The scholars attached to the schools have many reasons to mourn their lose, for the deceased was a lady of great intelleotual powers, and possessed of many endearing virtues. Though a native of Belgium, she has been engaged in the education of the poor of England since 1845 ; and what speaks volumes in her regard is, that her labours were orowned with singular success. At the time of her death between three and four thousand poor little ones were reeoiving the benefit of education at the hands of tho Sisters of Notre Same. — Zdveiyopl Daily Post. ? ' 