MISCELLANEA. REVIVAL IN PORT GLASGOW.— The Greenock Advertiser, in noticing the number of conversions that have taken place at Port Glasgow, says that many of the most stalwart working men have been prostrated under the irresistible power of the Spirit, and compelled to cry out in agony of soul: and this not at the meetings. but in their own house. For some time at first these strongly marked cases appeared to be confined to natives of Ireland. But shortly after at one of the meetings a woman was struck down, and cried out, ' O Lord Jesus, come come the moo !' There was no mistaking what countrywoman that was. It is almost too soon to speak of the general remit of the movement in Port Glasgow, but the fruit has already appeared to some extent. With regard to the effect on the community at large, an undoubted impression has been produced. In the public factories, where loose talk, especially among the females, was indulged in to a great extent numbers have been convinced of sin, and their careless companions are evidently under a restraint which keeps their tongues from ranging to the same excess of riot. Street walking and drunkness, so far as we could obtain any information on the subject, appear to have diminished, and most certainly the town has been quieter than usual during the last two or three weeks. Another thing certain is that there is great readiness on the part of the masses to hear the word, that the attendance in the churches on Sabbaths has sensibly increased, and the congregations exhibit unwonted seriousness and attention. The brief testimony of a milkman to the change which has some over Port Glasgow within the last few days is worth giving. He says—" I ken this, that I has gotten a guid wheen bawbees that I had gi'en up for bad debts.' CUT IT SHORT.— A certain barber, having great gift of gab, used to amuse his customers with his long yarns, while he went through his functions on their heads and faces. One day an old codger came in, took his seat, ordered a shave and hair cut. The barber went to work, and begun at the same time one of his long stories to the no little dissatisfaction of the old gentleman who, becoming irritable at the barber, said, " Cut it short," "Yes. Sir," said the barber continuing the yarn, until the old gentleman again ordered—" Cut it short, I say. cut it short !" "Yes, sir." clipping away, and gabbling the faster. "Cut it short, cut it short I say" said the old gent "Yes, sir." said the barber, going on with his story. " Will you cut it short?" bawled out the old gent, in a rage, "Can't, sir," said the barber, "for if you'll look in the glass, you'll see I've cut it all off!" And, to his horror, upon looking in the glass, the old gentleman found all the hair cut off from his head. SPEECH MAKING — Who has not known a pleasant party utterly done for — every element of its pleasantness extinguished — by the demon of speech making throwing its wet blanket over it! The interesting conversation the smartly maintained argument, the quick repartee, the good humoured badinage, all paralysed in a moment by some unhappy speech maker who rises from the chair like a ghost through a trap door, and in a faltering stolid voice asks permission to propose a toast ! It is granted of course. You know that all is over, the blow has been struck — enjoyment is lying sprawling under the table, dying or dead. You may as well take your bat and go home disconsolately in the rain : you know what will follow. You know that the wretch is going to propose your host's health; You know all that a creature of the kind says; he is always sure the toast he is about to give requests no eulogium from him to make then all do that toast due honour. All the commonplace cant of compliment is duly gone through, and the deuce of it is that the matter don't end here. The toastee (there it no law against coining words as against coining half-crowns), is in duty bound to return thanks, which process he performs by disclaiming seriatim all the flattery lavished upon him, and too often winding up by plastering it more upon another, who in his turn repeats the interesting operation. And so it goes round; the mania is as catching as the small pox. Everybody proposes everybody else's health. It would be an insult to leave out anybody, received to be left out by every- body. Conversation, amusing or interactive, gives place to a vapid round of compliments neither instructive nor amusing, nor sincere. You no more mean what you say when you make an ordinary buttering after-dinner speech than you do what you write when you finish a letter with "your most obedient servant" and address it to a fellow whom you mean to kick the first time you can catch him.—New Monthly Magazine. THE JEW AND HIS PURSE— A Jew residing at Lyons lately lost his purse containing 1,200fr. and he advertised the loss in the usual way. The next day he received this letter :— Amiable Israelite,— It is I who have found your l,200f., and you may weep for them for you will never get them back again. I am leading the life of a Sardanapalus. Here is an account of what I have this day had for breakfast and for dinner (A detail of the two meals was here given.) I shall continue to live in this manner, gracious Hebrew, until your 1.200f. are exhausted and I wil1 finish by drinking a glass of wine to your health.' LITTLE THESIGER "A MIDDY"— Some very good jokes art told of the late Lord Chancellor's youth ; take the following as an example :— "What, little Theisger Lord Chancellor?" said the other springing to his feet, with great animation. "You don't say so? Climbing aloft came easy to him, it seems; and so now he is on the truckehead, and got a Chancellor a wig on, eh ? Well, I am right glad to hear it. Dear me." He continued, resuming his seat, ' it seems to be only the other day he was sky-larking in the cock-pit, and up to all sorts of pranks and devilry. I recollect we once took a Spanish prize, loaded with cigars, snuffs, and all sorts of raw and manufactured tobacco. Of course we youngsters helped ourselves most liberally. The snuff was in bladders of the size of footballs ; but as none of us used that, we amused ourselves by shying it about at each other. The captain's clerk, who messed with us was a sneaking sort of fellow, and used to carry favour with him, by reporting what was going on in the cock pit. So in order to punish him, one night, Thesiger and I took one of these bladders, cut it open, and spread its contents gently all over his hammock. When he came below, and turned in, as usual, with a spring (for he was as active as a cat), he sent up a cloud of snuff that set him coughing, crying, sneezing, and swearing like mad ; but the worst of it was, it nearly chocked the whole of us middies, upon whom it had the same effect ; and when the officer came below, to inquire into the cause of the row, he tchee-hee'd and tchaee-hee'd as bad as any of as; and as soon as he opened his mouth to speak, down went the snuff into his throat, and nearly suffocated him with coughing. He could do nothing but swear, stamp his feet, and shake his fist at us. There was a precious row, as you may suppose ; but the best fun of all was to see the young, sucking lawyer threatening to report the clerk for trying to stifle as all like rats, by attempting to conceal the stuff in his hammock. Dear me, how I should like to see him again. Oh, colonel, those were happy days we passed afloat. I always regret having left the navy.'' LAUGHABLE INCIDENT. — We have heard of a very laughable incident which recently occurred in Limerick. A gentleman,, who belongs to the society of Freemasons, had for a long period been pestered by a friend to communicate to him the secret by which members of that confraternity recogniee each other. For a long time he resisted; but at length he informed his tormentor that the sign of recognition was made by placing the thumb of the right hand to the nose, and moving the fingers up and down as if playing on an imaginary cornopean. The latter's prurient curiosity was satisfied, and a few days after, as he was standing with a lady in the Limerick terminus, he was pointed out a gentleman who, he was told, was a freemason. Determined to utilise his knowledge of the mysterious art, he placed himself in the gentleman's way, and, as he passed him by, he made the sign of recognition, as explained by bis friend. This individual so saluted stood for a moment, and con that the amateur's object in placing his thumb to his nose was to insult him, raised his cane and was about to thrash him, when the object of his hostility apologised, and saying that he took him for a free- mason, walked away amid shouts of laughter. — Waterford Examiner. A BAKER'S LIABILITY. — Strange questions are frequently raised in the City Sheriffs Court, London. An action was recently brought there by a poor woman against a baker for the loss of her Sunday's dinner, in- trusted to him to bake. The baker pleaded that the dish was " cracked before." The judge — Is it usual for bakers to pay for such accidents as these? Mr. Buchanan — Not when the dish flies, in the oven. Baker — The dish was slightly cracked ; and as to the supper being spoilt, I have the man in court who ate it, and he will tell you how it was. Accordingly, in old man stepped forward into the witness box, and said he remembered the supper in question — rather. (Laughter.) He should like such a one every night, especially at the price. (Roars of laughter.) Mr. Buchanan — Did you eat it ? Witness— I should think I did. (Laughter.) Mr. Buchanan — And found it good ? Witness — Beautiful, and very cheap. (Laughter.) Judge, to the baker — You must pay the poor woman. You have eaten her supper. Baker— Who? Judge— Yes, by proxy. (Laughter.) Mr. Buchanan— She refused to take it away, and he got rid of it. Judge— The baker ate it by proxy, and enjoyed it very much, and must pay plaintiff and costs. Biker — I think it very hard. Judge, laughing— Your own witness thought it very tender. (Roars of laughter.) The Athtenæum tells the following Hindoo story : — A poor Hindoo, having been released from the cares of this world and from a scurvy wife, presented himself at the gates of Brahma's paradise. "Have you been through purgatory ? " asked the god. "No ; but I have been married," he replied seriously. '"Come in then ; its all the same.'' At this moment arrived another man just defunct, who begged of Brahms, to be permitted to go in also. "Softly, softly ! Have you been through purgatory ?" "No, but what of that? Did you not admit, a moment ago, one who has not been there any more than 1?'" "Certainly, but he has been married." "Married ! Who are you talking to? I have been married twice." " O, pshaw!" replied Brahma. " Get away. Paradise is not for fools ? " HOW TO WIN A BRIDE — The Sultan's favourite dwarf, a little man about forty yean old, and three feet high, bestrode his horse with as consequential an air as any of them. A few years ago this man took a notion to marry, and applied to the Sultan for a wife. The latter gave him permission to go into his harem, and take the one whom he could kiss. The dwarf, like all other short men, was ambitions to have a long wife. While the Sultan's 500 women, who knew the terms according to which tbe dwarf was permitted to choose, were laughing at the mannikin, he went up to one of the tallest and handsomest of them, and struck her a sudden blow on the stomach. She collapsed with the pain, and, before she could recover, be caught her by the neck and gave her the dreaded kiss. The Sultan kept his word, and the tall beauty is now the mother of the dwarf's children. A NOBLE REPLY. — It was a beautiful turn that was given by a great lady, who, being asked where her husband was when he lay concealed for having been deeply concerned in a conspiracy, resolutely answered she had hid him. This confession drew her before the King (Charles II.), who told her that nothing but her discovering where her lord was could save her from the torture. "And will that do ?" said the lady. " Yes," replied the King, "I give you my word for it." "Then," said she, "I have hid him in my heart ; there, and there alone, you'll find him ! — Starling's Noble Deeds of Women. GEORGE THE THIRD AND THE BUTCHER.— The National Magazine has a characteristic anecdote of George III.; It is taken from at lively sketch of a meeting of literati at the Star and Garter. Windsor :— "The only thing for which I ever heard this house much talked about by my old father (a tradesman loquitur) was in connection with King George III,, when be was a little bit cracky. One day, before they made him downright mad, he came in here— into this very room— and being dressed more like a farmer than a king nobody knew who he was, and never dreamt that it was George III. Well, down he sits, and enters into the talk that was going on. Presently the King says something or other which one of tbe company, a butcher, disputed. The King, however, held to his opinion, whereupon the butcher says to him, 'Look here, my good fellow, I'll bet yon a bowl of punch on that matter.' 'Done,' says the King. "Done,' says the butcher. 'Now who will you refer it to? ' 'Anybody you like,' says the King, who knows anything about horses.' ' Well, the head groom at the royal stables!' says the butcher. ? 'Yes,' says the king; 'but you and I must get under this table when the question is put to him by a third party. He must not see either of us, as he may be known to you, and you to him,' ?Agreed.' says the butcher. Well, sir,a messenger was sent off to the head groom, and down he comes to settle the question; and be settled it against the King. Whereupon the King crawls from under the table, and looking at the head groom, who fell down on his knees, he says to him 'why it was upon your authority that I made my statement. and now, upon your authority, I lose my wager.' 'Forgive me, your Majesty,' says the head-groom. As soon as he said 'your Majasty,' everybody threw down their pipes, and paid him the respect that was his due as the Sovereign of England." TO PRESERVE A NOSEGAY—When you receive it sprinkle it lightly with fresh water, then put it into a vessel containing soap suds; this will saturate the roots and keep the flowers bright. Take the bouquet out every morning, and lay it sideways (the stock entering first) into clean water, keep it there a minute or two, then take it out and sprinkle the flowers lightly by the hand with water, replace it in the soap suds, and it will bloom as fresh as when gathered. The soap suds needs changing every three or four days. By observing these rules, a bouquet can be kept bright and beautiful for at least a month, and will last still longer in ? passable state. MEN AND WOMEN AT HOME.— A lady of my acquaintance gives it as her sine qua non of domestic felicity that the "men of the family" should always be absent at least six hours, in the day. And truly a mistress of a family, however strong her affection for the male members of it, cannot but acknowledge that this is a great boon. A house where "papa," or the "boys" are always "pottering about," popping in and out, at all hours, everlastingly wanting something or finding fault with something else, is a considerable trial to even feminine patience. And I beg to ask my sex generally, —in confidence, of course, if it is not the greatest comfort possible when, the masculine half of the family being cleared out for the day, the house settles down into regular work and orderly quietness until evening? Also,it is good for them, as well as for us, to have all the inevitable petty domestic "bothers" got over in their absence; to effect which ought to be one of the principal aims of the members of a family. Let them if possible, return to a quiet smiling home, with all its small annoyances brushed away like the dust and cinders from the grate—which, en passant, is one of the first requisitions to make a fireside look comfortable. It might be as well, too. If the master himself could contrive to leave the worldly mud of the day at the at the scraper outside his door; however, as these chapters do not presume to lecture the lords of creation. I have nothing more to say on that score. But she who, the minute after an unfortunate man comes home, fastens upon him with a long tale of domestic grievances, real or imagined—how the butcher will never bring the meat in time, and the baker keeps a false account of loaves —how she is sure cook is given to drink, and that Mary's "cousin" had his dinner off "our" mutton yesterday—why such a lady deserves all she gets : cold looks, sharp speeches, hasty plunges into the convenient newspaper : perhaps an angry cigar—a walk, with no invitation for her company— or the club. Poor little woman! sitting crying over her lonely fire, not owning that she is wrong, but only that she is very unhappy and very much ill-used, might one recommend to her notice one golden rule? "Never pester a man with things that he cannot remedy and does not understand." Also, for her own benefit as well as his. a harmless rhyme true enough of minor vexations, whatever it may be greater griefs it so philosophically disposes of:— " For every evil under the sun, There is a remedy—or there's none. If there is one, try and find it. If there isn't, never mind it. And when he comes in again, honest man! perhaps a little repentant, too, there is but one course of conduct which I recommend to all sensible women, viz, to put her arms round his neck, and hold her to him! Woman's Thoughts about Woman. A CHINAMAN'S REVENGE—A case of the most shocking cruelty has recency occupied the attention of the court at Singapore. A Chinaman being indebted to one Goah Jee, his servant, for wages, and the latter becoming importunate, he determined to relieve himself of his presence in the following manner: Having secured the services of four other of his countrymen, they seized the unfortunate Gosh Jee, and having suspended him from a tree— his feet not touching the ground— they beat him severely with poles,and then proceeded to gouge out his eyes with a piece of bamboo. Having accomplished this, they with an iron nail severed the eyes, which were hanging suspended down his cheeks. After this he became senseless, and having bound him with ropes, they finally threw him into the neighbouring swamp hoping he would there perish. But it was not so, for returning to consciousness he managed to grope his way to a friend's house close by, and gave information to the police of the whole affair. They were all seized and brought to trial; the ringleader sentenced to be executed, and the others transported. 