METROPOLITAN. GOSSIP. > "(Fronrthe Liverpool Albion). Tnmlnn Saturday Evening, August 13. L ," str¡m^7"iñ"searcli of a parliamentary sentiment H?B S would fiftd himself in Palace Yard m the KWMSÏOTO'B' belated traveller in the Stilly St who?« treads alóneseme banquet- hall deserted ; W'll «re dead, the guests are sped, and all but he tXo P°HcemeV] deported." At four p.m., the &feUoPn; the chattering .fantoccini and the mur 'turtainiui themselves senators and fancying themselves statesmen, who, for the last six OSh vc heen running in through one lobby door toonuis. u» . , b t ag uoa meanmg and r ?I re uU as ti squirrel in his cage at the end of feÄ "'ming to a standstill where he started, ' r "wOlootz or Mnzzini. To one person, and one rtë (S One, the folly has been wisdom, the ÄÄ ^eKthWelusioínofraud, the stillness r«r?e He ¡>ttS humoured Noodle, and he has Kldta. itoodlo, and he has circumvented Coodle ,flI bewildered Quoodle, because he has allowed !rl, to suppose lie is one of them, ho having as much 1 '12¡with cither as with the llama of fc,ih ndceu a good deal less, for Tiverton has KkoÄi'ty for a Tartar, being the only Briton Knows what to do with one when caught ; and Ure mayhap, his partiality for the pastime, like the Ltlemen who prefcircd cobra pie to eel ditto, ns ES"mor. piquant. Well, Greek though he t Owis Ramanus is Ultimtu Eomanornm after all, D when he is gone, if go he ever should the sur Kvinï pismies may mourn over a buried Titan, and Line the airs of giants themselves in virtue of Lin» been once his cotempornnes. In nil the busi U of to-day, and it was curious and varied, bögin Lat half-past twelve in the Commons, and wind ¿,Up at half-past three in the Lords, he was not nîv the dominant figure, ns ho over is on all occa iouble and heir, at the other side of the table, the ?ember for Bucks, who was not in the House to-day, ferine; retired to Hughendon, and there, " from jut tile loop-holes of retreat," watches with the idmirin« eye which kindred genius ever fumines at sight of consummate dexterity in hood Hnkin", the completion of that career he himself lopes to follow, and lias every qualification for folio w l«" for it must be remembered that even now Disraeli I "very few years older than was Palmerston when aero iras placed in his hand that foreign key which ¡docked the mysteries of the world, and has since ide him master of the situation at all times and in 1 places, the mest so when seemingly the least so. at there is no need for keeping up appearances now ; ¡is what he seems and seems what he is ; " the in itable man," ns Thiers called him some sixteen as ago; and being recognised as inevit£.blc, there's i more to be said. The governmental nobodies took their extinguish ¡nUith the cozy quietude of Sancho Panza when sured of his supper ; ns if they had never dreamt, id never intended to dieam, of castles in the air ns te as the Downing-strcet larder continued to bo ithoric of provender acquired by that freest of free aces and knight of the jovialest of countenances, inry John Templo, whose seeming Quixotism is ever le sa«est philosophy, and who never tilts at wind As without bunging somebody's nose instead of his m to the grinding stone in virtue of his chaff, while (carries off both the meal and the malt. Gladstone i not present, the Homeric scholar, as the Last of ÍÍ Barons calls the "romantic rhetorician," to use e latest Sidonian soubriquet, having no taste for hibiting iljshcs of silence, which would have been e only permissible performance to-day. The example ¡(the Ionian was followed by the translator of Mul K Dorians', Cornewall Lewis, the nome Secretary g an absentee ¡-getting ready to bo off with the ncen to-day to the Channel Islands, probably to have peepatCherbouig, and perhaps intent on devising me new vocabulary for the recess, inasmuch as his ice well-known work on "The TTse and Abuse of olitical Terms," is now wholly useless, black being "te, and white the ghost of its former self ; whig ¡nifying tory, and tory it does'nt signify what ; ftile conservative signifies nothing at all, and radical ¿y half that. The other cabinet common-places were : their posts with the assiduity of puncti )us sticks, which mediocrities alwajs are. Wood fas one, of oouise ; and early as it was, went through lb ro!c with exemplary animation. What is it? awning, opening his mouth like the Seven Sleepers gether on the point of awaking after their prolonged mnoddviicfttion. That seems to be the sole purpose x which Sir Charles is a Secretary of State ;-if lere be any bther his friends would much oblige the immunity by making it known, for his own modesty early won't allow lum, and ,the public will never herwise find it out. His congenial colleague, Sir G. rey, was aleo there ; and, on the petition point, Jemnified himself for the taciturnity he has been insigned to bil the session by rabbling to .day as he dy can ; the forcible feeble's volubility rushing out i that weak (washy everlasting flood which was wont i be the terror of the reporters and the torture of llenera when he was a leading member of that clique [cousins who governed us because each was brother i-law to the other, or had a son-in-law who iped to be so if his sister didn't prefer Gretna reen oatcake and whisky, to St. George's, Hanover [u_e, truffled-chicken, maraschino, and an oppor aityof picturesquely crying her eyes out in one of e late Jane Clarke's nine-pound-nineteen-and sren.penny-point-lncc-pocket-haudkerchief. Cardwell, tpo, was there, sleek, oily, and demure as pet fox, with the same rcynardiahly furtive caution \- downcast diagonal-cut optic, as if he were tho- ugh!» up to'trap, which there can't be a doubt he is, ongh really>one might well think he had not only it-tail, but his head, in being captivated hythe Mia bait.. Yet observe howreadly he adapts him f to the becomingness of his position. He is already the Hibernis.Hiberniones brigade, a Briton more -than the Irish themselves ; not, however, like a -dine or . a: Desmond ; by no means ; but like a litical economist, whose cardinal point is Number ie. Being Irish Secretary he carefully keeps out of ilsnd; and,, if that bo not racy of the soil, a dioughly Irish way of doing business, why, in the \- of the Angel Murphy and his shamrock saints, \- is ? Indeed Cardwell himself, who never had «most distant' glimmer.of a joke before, is begin fg to appreciate the drollery of his appointment to u office, and to relish Palmorston's humour in «ling him tóit, though at first he must have been rribly cut up at discovering that the quizzical inuter_ had 'put him there, solemn and didactic «rrinaire that .he is, always enunciating " immortal »tha"of the'two-and-two- make-four 6tyle of pro- bity, for the, purpose of laughing at himself, or "wg others to do so. .' However, plasticitv is the «acteristic, and the only one, of a Peelite". Ac wiagly, the fright honorable Edward yielded to the Mure of circumstances, and now goes through ''«kröth a delightful consciousness of his total »me- for it that pre-eminently marks him in the T^l01086 ekilletl in tIle art How Not to Do It. Mea, though, endowed beyond most men with a motion of his own capacity for everything, he ant tempt fortune too far, and feels that there are T things too much for him. He is right in eschew Uubhn Castle. He could not look Viceroy Car M n j and keep his own countenance .--few «j», tardwclliprobably never laughod in his life, [j, Plfor thesamereason that the gentleman in Joe wer doubted whether he could play the fiddle, inas i«f «, . 1ever tried' Now> asiu tlle instance of «MU» judges before whom Curran was pleading, »roowas capsized on the bench in cachinnatory muions at .one of the wit's pleasantries, though «nmownto smile previously, when a grave man ^»«Pa» to gwaff he goes off like an Orsini bomb, *TaB consternation among horse and foot, J«« and quadrupedal, mole and female, crinolined d rB;«>pped, Conceive this sort of thing, ir* _? ""-»lest conception in the world ii J.?* Southcote's, on the port of Card "aflu C^Um St P-triok'B Hall ;-explod ms oÄ^Carl,'?Ie caPerinK like a tarantula, in ^lone-tinted poplin pantaloons, lava tabinct waist »ffvhenfl^""^y-lowing physiognomy, and a luliw , d " be ---edtbat the consequences í-_3uAendou?> l?volvin- the squelching of the X" Äand the re5Lcal of the union ? No tdw_i._?ft8,de8,,-ttof Palmerston in appointing te r«i h A B.Plcndld covp-de-Paddyiohach it would Ûed (h* v "u '< for> once thc union was re «ld'in_t uh- W(?ld have deland, or Ireland feqp__l S. btm8 h,a,d °y I'ranoe ! and it would It Z n. 0n hu hand8 he would be ruined out ?.érable M J"T*»*« of his hil, and tie as , TW"f 7? had three mothers-in-law at __- isTMion 6 *ere would have been an end of fcZffi and we_ might go- to bed o' _Ki» îriA - 1 apprehension of waking in the nMatM'«0^thr°at8cut, as was the falhion in k thereof. ,r~n0t th° throat-cutt_g, but the ^T,Tooki^Mt was. another °f the Cabinet present WBBÄ.*-0?? f if he had been personally Ni fcS_3?fg Tli* the barrel of an Enfield rifle, ««uiaitaboretoget out again. Buttoned ' ii ;>!to the'throat in black frock, with a, napless ven | tUàting beaver, andan elongat'ed'dusky 'aspect, he has i the air of a regulation ramrod going to be photo graphed, lespeciftlly when speaking, which he 'does with a sort of wet blanke'ed ardour.'lilte blank' caxt ' ridge firing. To-day, in answer to Elcho, with whom tho feu devcrbiar/e was evidently a pre-arranged thing, i he spoke muskets, but used none, and didn't seem 1 in the least inclined to do so, though giving reports from General nay that it was well to take a steady 'aim in small-arm practice -a canon of wisdom that didn't exactly need the par- ticular enunciation of the General to recommend it. But, then, officials must say something^ or rather must say nothing in such a manner that it shall sound like something ; and that is just the sort of circum locutionary bosh in which our rose- wateretl Mars, the super-civil civilian War Minister, excels either of his last two predecessors, especially that doubly pruden- tial pict who not only took care of Dowb himself, but insisted on the Commander-in-Chief taking care of him too. Herbert is as nimble a wordmonger as any in the Ministry, Gladstone himself scarcely excepted ; but, like that metaphysical volubity, he has not the art of saying the right word in the right place, or the yet rarer art of abstaining from saying the wrong , word in the wrong place. Therein, a\ in all things else, the pair are incomparably inferior to their chief, who has not only the skill but the audacity to say, at all times and on all occasions, exactly the right thing ; for it is the thing that serves his purpose for the moment ; and the moment is to him eternity, as it is to everyone like him who uses it as such, and who despises thoso that don't. To-day, he rose after Herbert had boggled out a sort of rejoinder to Elcho's reproach that the Premier had ridiculed the volunteer movement ; and brazenly told the noble carper he had never done any- thing of the sort. Everyone present well knew that the First Minister hid done precisely as was alleged. But what did that mutter ? What did ho care what any- body knew ! He denied it ; and there an end, for the prcicnt, his present, us already said, being perpetuity. After ho had done this, there was no more to be said or done. Mr. Speiker left the chair, waiting till summoned by Black Hod to the Peers to assist in the formalities of prorogation by commission. Many M.P.'s, of whom there were proba- bly about 150 present, availed of the puuse to creep off, especially those on the Treasury bench, leaving not one Cabinet Minister to support tho Pre- mier in seeing the session out with decency. But that didn't weigh a jot with him. Turning to Lowe, he began playing at high-jinks, or other Isthmian wag- gery, if one might judge by the expression that came over the ns frontis of that not very sprightly anti- podean. After a while, he poked some fun at the Irish ul tramontane Attorney-General, Fitzgerald, probably about that Vaticanicif bull which prevents churchmen who ATe not prit sts going through a little purgatorial exercise in this woild by getting married, like " Mr. Banvy O'Crnzy, who wanted a wife to make him uni)'/}';" but there is no exttacting sunbeams from cucumbers in these days of the declension of Swift's countrymen ; and the jocund Viscount had to give it up ns a bad job, and bud indeed must that job he which he aban 'ons. He next amused himself a while with that carious commodity, little Forster, of Walsall, who is perpetually peiigrinating nil over the house, ns if he hud lost his wits, and hadn't sense enough to set about looking for them, or to know that they could be no possible use to anybody who might hive the mis- fortune to find them. This pastime, too, having ter- minated, Palmerstono set off to kill blue-devils in some subterranean fashion behind the chair ; perhaps by banteringly condoling the Speaker, concerning the dreadful destiny of one so versed in the precedents and practice of Parliament being obliged to put up with the miserable stipend of £6000 a year, and a house, and no end of odds and ends, with a peerage and pension looming in the future, the qualifications that have acquired all this being about equal to a third-rate clerkship in a fourth-rate City counting-hous°. Be this as it may, he was away some twenty minutes ; and those few he left behind improved the occasion to canvass what had been done just before, not so much perhaps the dis- cussion that had taken place on the Pontefract elec- tion as the moving of the writs for other places. Some surprise could not fail to be felt, though it was a natural red-tape thing enough, nt that for Herts, con- sequent on the appointment of the Premier's stepson, Cowper, to the Vice-Presidency of the Board of Trade, vacated by Wilson, whose pre-Ruphaelito pro- file will assuredly ostonish the Hindostaniu mind, if anything occidental can. The vacancy at Liskeard was already known by lucky Ralph Grey's clutching of n post in the Customs ; a poor thing perhaps, after .ill, for one who has been private secretary to two premiers, as wall as to a colonial governor-general. But the most surprising thing of any was that Brand, Secre- tary of tho Treasury, should move, and in a very hoity-toity tone of voice, as if to lend significance by the superciliousness, for a new writ for Berwick, in consequence of young Ralph Eurie taking the Chiltern Hundreds, preparatory to taking some thousands somewhere else, where or what for is not yet known to the uninitiated. Earle is only five and twenty, and was secretary to Disraeli all through the Caucasian's late custody of the Exchequer, and was a flaming Derbyite, and that he should now be a backslider, allured from the Mosaic law-giver by the flesh-pots of the Egyptian, is indeed enough to make a riure Conservative sep hardim sit down by the waters of Babylon (the penny boat pier at Westminster Bridge), and weep. Well might the sensitive Darby Griffith bleat for the lost mutton, and demand that the wolves in sheep's cloth- ing should exhibit the golden shears wherewith they hud clipped the precious fleece, ne opposed the issue of the writ, ¿requiring explanations of the ground it was asked for ? Brand was wholly unprepared for this. He, perhaps, knew no more about it than the man in the moon, and, if he did, he durst 1 not tell. This was just after the House met, and there was no one present whom he could ask for instructions. All that remained to him, theiefore, was to exercise that talent for silence which had hitherto so eminently distinguished him, and, accord- ingly, he said nothing, which was the best thing he possibly could have said, under the circumstances. Griffith called for a division ; the telegraphic bells rung throughout the building, electrifying all hearers with tho unprecedented sounds at such a time for such a purpose ; the sounds of the glass on the table ran out ; the doors were banged to, and the Speaker again rend the nvtion from the chair, when lo, the obdurate Darby gave way ! The writ went forth, remitting the burgesses of the border borough to the privilege of another tournament among the chivalry of the pot wollopocracy, whose oriflame is a mud-coloured fist with a five pound note between the finger and thumb. Much meditating, mayhap, on the ratting of Earle, and other perfidious mutations in mon and things, little Pakington, sole occupant of the front opposition bench, and only member of the late Government present, for Walpole, who was quite in the rear, cannot be so called, was busy with a sheet of foolscap on his knee, for about halt an-hour, puzzling the spectators as to what his pen- manship portended. At last the mystery was re- vealed. After the electioneering hubbub, in which he took good share, had -ubsided, Sir John, who has made awful exhibition of "himself in the Contract Committee-room, in the non mi ricardo line, a la Ma jocci, being unable to recollect anything that it was convenient to forget, gave notice of a motion for next session that such committees should for the future be constituted impartially. Impartially-constituting a House of Commons' Committee impartially ! Why the greenest schoolboy, fresh from Nepos and Plutarch, would'nt talk such nonsense. As well move to establish the millennium by uct of Parliament at once. You should have seen the Palmerstonian physiognomy then ! Well might he believe in original sin, when hore he had a cunning old tory baronet, who had had three wives, and encountered all sorts of wickedness, snares, pitfalls, and Beelzebub only knows what, actually proposing to provide for impartiality in a place the very essence of whose constitution is the opposite, everyone who goes there being sent there expressly to be partial, and prejudiced, and biased, and factious, and everything ho ought not to be, and would be kicked out at the first opportunity if he were other- wise. No wonder there was a general titter as the Droitwich Aristides [thinking of Captain Carnegie the while] walked up the floor and put the notice in the digits of Mr. Speaker, who looked at Sir John as if he should very much like to commit him for contempt in endeavouring to hoax the House into the belief that he would be in earnest in putting so preposterous a proposition. . While cogitating on this head perhaps, the voice of the Serjeant-at-Arms reverberated through the apartment, proclaiming the advent of Sir Augustus Culford, Black Rod, who, twice as stiff as usual, not from increase of gold-lace and self-conceit, bnt gout, lumbago, rheumatism, and other entertain- ing attributes, strode up to the table, and summoned the faithful Commons to come forth and hear what their sovereign lady V. R. had to say to them, through her most gracious Majesty's commissioners. Having so spoke, the bedizened herald strode, or rather stag- gered buck again backwards, and the Speaker pre- pared to follow, pieceded by the gilt mace, that Crom» wellian" bauble" glittering like a Bude light, as the sun fell upon it, reflecting the rays all over Lord Charles Russell's bead, till the noble Serjeant looked like Solopon's eagle with the dish tof firer on)-his cro>vn, in ¡Poole's picture of the Plague of London. The First Lord of the Treasury stepped after the train 'bearer, with quipS' and cranks,' and wreathed smiles, as usual ; and so he eiontinucd all the way to the bars of the Lords, where lie kept np the same sport the whole time the long proceedings there lasted, occasionally causing Clifford nearly to bite the gold head off his wand of office to keep from bursting out into a hee-haw that would have produced there is no saying «hat sort of effect. There were upwards of ninety bills to receive the royal assent ; and as the title of each was read over, and Lefevre, the Peers' clerk at one 'side of the table, and n corresponding functionary at the other, bowed and scraped and grimaced ns the queen's approbation of each measure was ciied aloud in the old Norman-French of the first Plantagencts, the spectacle waxed alternately gro- tesque and wearisome in the extreme. The only peer on the Ticasury bench was Vernon Smith, who was determined to prove his fire-now title to the barony of Lyvcden, and stretched himself out, and brushed his white hat, and tapped the toes of his patent leather boots, and caressed the tips of his lemon coloured kids in a manner wonderful to behold,- con- sidering what is the theory of the conversion of such uncommon commoners into hereditary lawmakers. The only two peers on the opposition benches were Lord Beauchamp and Lord Redesdale, begging the pardon of the latter noble lord's canary-coloured waistcoat, which is always much the most important trait in his composition, he being known by his waistcoat, always tlie same all the year round, and not the waistcoat known by the wearer. The commissioners were first, Campbell, Lord High Chancellor, and very high and mighty he looked in- deed, but somewhat farcical withal ; for he had his thiee-cocked hat awry, much in the manner of the portrait of that estenmed sovereign familiarly" known as Old King Cole, whom the historian records as having a partiality for tobacco, triple X stout, and a trio oi Paganinis, and who is generally depicted in a cobtumo of an unstarched and unsophisticated charac- ter in keeping with theso genial proclivities. 2ndly, the descendant and representative of the Lord Pro- tector Someiset, the present First Lord of the Admi- ralty, and the sight of whom, thus attired, and stuck upon Slinkspenre's Cliff at Dover, would scare all the Gauls in France out of their wits and into Bedlam with laughter. If it didn't, then there's, thirdly, Lord Sydney, similarly accoutred, and, fourthly, St. Germans ; and if all these should fail to galvanize the I frog-caters into hysterics of hilarity, there is, fifthly, Earl Granville, who alone would suffice to kill off his imperial friend, M. Bonaparte himself, for the Em-' peror would never ¡ret over the apparition of the fat and fair-faced Lord President in his mediaeval tailory, a sort of cross between a crusader and a beadle, with a dash of the harlequin ; trying to look sub- lime, but attaining in the next thing to it with stupendous success. Campbell read out the speech with íeally wonderful emphasis, if not altogether the soundest discretion. He didn't read it in the hum- drum st>le such things are generally cackled through, but recited it, as it were, in the manner of "My name is Norval," or " So stood Eliza on the wood-crowned height," or some elocutionary exeroitation of that sort. Every word was heard all over the house ; and his dramatic inflections of voice and melodramatic upraising of the eyebrows, and pauses, and nods of the head, and what not, produced an effect equalled only by his speech on the Aehilli business, or when he juridically, suggested that the way to get rid of Wiseman's aggression foolishness was to prance a polka on his Eminent hat. In short the whole reading of the speech and all the accessories ac- companying it were a grand histrionic ovation in honour of Plain Jock by himself, and he got through it con amore. Palmerston himself, who isn't astonished at trifles, seemed as- tounded at the vigour and vivacity of the forensic octogenarian, and stood up with an unusual erectness, and folded his arms, and twisted hiB cravat about, and plucked his shirt collar round, as if to assure himself that 75 must be the age of a mere stripling when a young fellow of 82 [Mem.: Campbell is known to be 91, and is believed to bo another score] could be thus airy and energetic with the thermometer at 80 degiees, and a cataract of horse hair on his head enough to give Solomon himself water on the brain. The speech over in the Lords, and a very good speech it is, particularly the part that talks of a plenipoten tiaiy going to Zurich, for it rives hope that we may get rid of some our viseacres on that wild-goose mission, the Commons, a more finished body indeed, walked back to their own chamber, where the Speaker read the speech aver again. Then ensued hand-shaking with leave-taking of that per- sonage, not a singlo M.P. being on the left to repre- sent the conservative party. But the ambidexterous Premier shook with both hands, which did for the two sides ; and if there had been a third or fourth he would have done duty for all with his elbows. His only cabinet colleague present at the finale was Milner1 Gibson; whom he slapped on the back as he pushed him on to bid good-bye to Denison ; and so the grand, old Cagliostro finished one more scene of the bám boozlement of the British nation, Saturday, August 13th, A.D., 1859. Vivat Regina Victoria ;-and rio money returned on any account. FOREIGN JURISDICTION AND THE EX- TRADITION OF CRIMINALS. (From tho Spectator, August 6.) Tun law on some branches of this subject is unsatis- factory and unsettled. Sir George Come wall Lewis has undertaken the useful task of developing its chaotic state and furthering its practical amendment. His pamphlet on the subject* is a full and able expo- sition ; a little too diffuse in the statement'of the laws and decisions (sometimes obsolete) on the minor branches of the subject, but on the whole clear, fair, and exhaustive. It begins with a summary ,of the five classes of extra-territorial jurisdiction for crimi- nal offences. Of the law as established in respect (1) of offences committed in ships on the high seas; triable solely by the country to which such ships be- long ; and (2) of the mixed jurisdiction, under treaty' for offences on the high seas (such as trading r in slaves), little is said, and little need be Bald. The law respecting each of these classes is alike clear and just. Equally so as respects (3) the class of piratical offences. Such ships have no national character, and being "hostea humani generis," are lawfully assailable hy the ships,of all nations alike, for they are on the high seaa, which ia" the highway of all nations, and of none, moro than' another. Pirates are therefore tried and dealt with by the law of the nation of the capturing ship, and in' its own Courts. The fourth head of offenses comprises those triable by permanent local tribunals, under treaty in Ma- hometan or baibarous countries for offences committed in those countries ; such as occur in the consular jurisdictions over British subjects ia China, Siam; the Ottoman Emphe, &c;, and at Constantinople, ' In lesser British communities the commercial factories exercise similar jurisdiction. Of each of these Sir G. C. Lewis speaks as " a feeble and defective instru- ment," and he adds that the tendency of these juris- dictions in the Turkish empire is stated in general to bo " the impunity of the European criminal." There is no doubt that to a groat extent this ia so ; though the upshot of the conversations published on this point in Mr. Senior's interesting journal is that improvement in the effectiveness of the system is feasible ; and the general impression his remarks left on our minds was a less unfavourable one to the system than Sir G. C. Lewis has conceived'Of it. In settlements where no civilised tribunals exist, offences and cases which must-be speedily tried really admit of no other mode of adjudication, and it is greatly within the power of the home Government and its own agents to render them effective. None of these first four classes of jurisdiction need further comment. I It is the fifth class of extra-territorial jurisdiction which the author justly says "is open to the most serions doubts.'' It is that of the trial by a nation at" home of offences committed by its own subjects abroad, under ordinary circumstances. Nearly all countries adopt this practice. Sir G. C. Lewis specifies _ the special conditions under which each civilised European State exercises this power, but they differ only slightly. England confines itself to treasonB of the graver crimes. We agree with Sir G. S. Lewis in the conclusion he arrives at after a lengthened statement of the facts-" that, as a general principle, resting on grounds of the most enlarged expediency, a criminal law ought to be local,; that the Sovereign ought to enforce it with respect to all crimes committed within his territory and in national ships upon the! high seas." His chief grounds are, that the country where the crime ia committed is better^ enabled to get evidence, and more interested in checking und punishing crime in its own territories. This is quite true. At the same time Sir G. C. Lewis greatly diminishes the importance of furthering any alteration in the law aa affects ourselves J for, in i speaking of the 9th George IV., c. 31, which makes murders 'and manslaughters committed abroad by' Englishmen, and being accessory thereto, triable here-he says, and quite truly, that this Act is . "On Foreign Jurisdiction mid th.? Extradition of Criminals." By the Highx lion. Sir George CurncwitU Lewis, Birt., M.P. Published by John W. Parker and Sou. ?' ,.,"'. . Y,"," Ti. ''is " Jts best defence." nearly irioperhtiVel-;atfdrthat tntw ' tr¡c¿ under it, Only 'three', cases have-.beOn . ^ pr0bably as, Recorded in the, Law Reports', H-i ; --«rst was several of minor note, have occurredi -the ... that of Rex v. Holkham, an Irish gentleman whf) sno Lieutenant Crowther dead nt. Boulogne "* a du.el *., 1880\. /There was n0 valid doubt (as ßir Ci. Uliowjs has been m'sled to believe by Carrington and x ayne s Reports) that Helsham was a British subject f »na there would have been no miscarriage of justice on that ground f but the French waiter so grossly exag- gerated the time during which Helsham was taking his aim after the 'signal given, that the jury dis- believed his entire evidence, which was material to the issue, and they therefore found a vcidict of not guilty-as they might equally have done in a French Court. ' No great abuse seems to îcsult from this statute ; and ns the Legislature has followed the same principle, and extended the same power by the " Mer- chant Seaman's Act," it is scarcely prudent to remove it from the Statute-book. We do not concur with Sir G. C. Lewis' dislike to " tying the entire criminal law of a country round the neck of a subject," and making him everywhere liable to its operati ui. This may be " to convert the crimi- nal law into a personal statute, and to put it on the same footing as the law respecting civil status ;" but if so, eui malo > Is not our criminal law good law, and may it not be of salutary effect that some mon should feel that they do not escape from its penalties on leaving our shores5 Such has boen the established jurisdiction of our Courts over our subjects abroad by Act of Parliament ever since the 83rd Henry VIII., " Et nolumus AnglicC leges mutari." The existence of the power by no means necessitates its constant ex- ercise. It is commonly left to foreign courts to try the offences of Biitish subjects, and the " general principle" of local criminal jurisdictions is fully enough observed. Themain branch of the subject which Sir G. C. Lewis has broached remains to be noticed : it is the tradition of fugitive criminals. As n matter of right this cannot, be demanded. As a matter of practico very various usages prevail. First, as regal tis offond ers charged with ordinary crimes. France, Belgium, and Switzerland deliver them up for serious offences only, if non-political. A special treaty between France and ourselves, concluded in 1813, has become almost a dead letter. Another was signed between Great Britain and the United States in 1812. What are the results ? France from 1853 to 1859 (both ex- clusive) applied for seven offenders only, obtaining none of them. America applied for cloven, and ob- tained six. Since 1836 no applications seem to have been made by France. Similar results have been ex- perienced in other countries, the hitch being the difficulty of giving such evidence of the crime charged ns shall justify the foreign country that the fugitive alien is probably guilty. But before examining the modo in which this difficulty may be surmounted, wo will give Sir G. C. Lewis' very vivid reasons for facilitating and extend- ing the practice of extradition. " In considering the principles which ought to govern the extradition of criminals, we may, in the first place, revert to the maxim already laid do that the administration of criminal law is essentially local. It is the peculiar interest of the district to maintain order by protecting person and property. It is on the spot where a crime is committed that the proofs of a criminal's guilt can be most effectually, most easily, and most inexpensively obtained. It is at the place where a crime is alleged to have been committed, that the accused person can best establish his innocence, if he bo falsely charged, or prove any extenuating circumstances which may exist in his favour. It is equally conducive to the repression of crime and to the protection of innocence, that criminal trials should bo held near the place where the offence is alleged to have taken place. "If, therefore, a corni tv of nations for the enforce- ment of criminal law is desirable ; if there ought to be a combined action of independent States for the repression of crimes ; it follows that the proper mode of attaining this end is, not by an attempt to exercise a criminal jurisdiction upon the territoiies of foreign states, but by extraditions. If an accused man is fried at home for an offence committed abroad, he is withdrawn from the neighbourhood of the place where the crime is declared to have been committed, and is transferred to a distant tribunal; wheieas extradi- tion remits the accused man to his natural forum, the forum of the district which was the scene of the alleged offence. It is generally acknowledged, both by text writers on the law of nations, and by practical statesmen, that there is a presumption in favour of i extradition, provided that it be restricted within i certain limits and guarded by certain conditions." , As regards the extradition of ordinary criminals, but Blight difficulty besets an international orrange meflt. Some disparities must, however, be effaced as to the classes of persons to be surrendered. Between Great Britain, France, and the United States there is in the' Treatiesrno reservation of native subjects, whilst the jGerman States except th"ir own subjects from- extradition according to tho principle laid down by Bernard that " every man has an innate right to remain on tho soil where he was born; and that a man's right to his own home is of Divine origin." One result of this shockingly human twaddle was, that''a wretch living in a French village murdered his sister and brother-in-law in a neighbouiing Prus- sian village,, and walked for vears nfterwards inso- lently about the streets of the French village in per- fect impunity ; as the French Government does not surrender natives to the German states. Sir G. C. Lewis advocates the extension of extradi- tion to all such cases ; and in order to obviate a pre- vailing obstacle, suggests that " the amount of proof and the formalities required should be as small as is consistent with the prevention of abuse." He pro poses that a foreign State should-" Through the accredited - diplomatic channels, give a reasonable 'proof that there has been a proper investigation by the officers of police and the functionaries conducting the preliminary stages of judicature, and that this investi- gation had led to the conclusion that the person in question is guilty of the offence charged against him," and he" adds1 "it is desirable that the extradition should take place upon proof of identity of the pjrty, and without, any. full investigation such as a magis ,trate would make for the commitment of a prisoner in this country." He rightly consider^ that the possi- bility of injustice arising from national disparities of criminal jurisprudence, by no means outweighs the public benefit of general extradition ; and he adds that ,'-,',Thßirecognition of the criminal law of a foreign State, and the confidence in. its regular and just ad- ministration, which is implied in a system of extra- dition: thus" carried into effect, is paralleled by the established practice of this and 'other countries with respect to'thoi civil law. * * Between the recog- nition of that part of the criminal law of a foreign State which docs not relate to political offences, and the recognitioh of its civil law, there does not seem to bo any material difference. There is no apparent reason why its lato- of homicide or forgery should not be as consistent with sound principles of jurisprudence as with the laws of marriage and those of bills of exchange." All these matters seem to us capable of compara- tively easy adjustment. The great States of the world haVe cast aside most of the hoodwinks and prejudices which blinded their vision in the perception of such interests as affected their mutual common weal in matters non-political. Discussion and diplomacy mayde the rest.1'The great difficulty arises where extradition is sought to he applied to political offenders, especially between countries of discordant institutions and conflicting views of political liberty. The laws Of hospitality, and the extreme risk that auch an extension of the right of extradition would minister to the persecution of foreign despotism, entirely forbid the attempt to infringe the well-recog- nized immunity of political refugees. But then comes the necessity of taking proper precautions lest refugees should abuse the rights of refuge by acts hostile to the tranquility of their own country. In this respect our law is deficient both for preventing and punishing such offences. We agree with Sir G. C. Lewis, that the mode of dealing with such cases should not be by enactments treating attempts on the lives of foreign sovereigns as ordinary attempts to commit murder. Such offendeis are no ordinary criminals. They may be no better than more assas- sins, or they may bo actuated simply by motives which they deem patriotic,-guilty, like Harmodius and Brutus, of rebellion and treason, rather than of simple murder. The only safe principle to act upon isthat laid down by Lord Lyndhurst, viz., totreit the offence as one tending to embroil the Government of her Majesty with that of a foreign country ; but even to make such an abuse of asylum a statutory felony' would requiro very delicate and cautious handling, otherwise great injustice might be done, and the law be made the instrument of tyranny. 