METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. From the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday Evening, September 24. The talking Englishman's best friend, or the best friend of the Englishman who will talk to wit, the weather, has been particularly propitious for chatter to-day atmospheric antics being preternatural enough to suggest that the British lion must have been superseded by a capricorn. At cock crow the sun began to "flame in the forehead of the morning sky and the caloric went on crescendo, in the most i hydrophobia fashion, as though the dog-star raged, till towards six o'clock; by which time the thermometric quicksilver stood, or rather sim- mered, at the poached egg point, and hasn't recovered its autumnal coolness since. We may look in i Monday's papers for numerous instances of female coups I de soleil, or female instances of coup de solid, if you object to neuter nouns having a gender, though Malmesbury says that sex in grammar is, like one of his own " immortal truths," altogether an indefinite article, and not worth talking about. The coup in this case, however, may be expected to be brain fever, brought on by fury at the premature casting off of summer bonnets. Shaftesbury would do well to make a timely note of this fact ; else he will be _ attributing the increase of craziness, in his next lunatic report, to the new hysterical revivalism, which impels ladies to try to jump out of their skin and really if they would only confine their efforts in that respect to crinoline, one could wish every success to the interesting gymnastics, and would subscribe for spring heeled boots to facilitate the performance. So sudden an augmentation of temperature, after a week of miscellaneous squalls, cold, rain, drizzle, and meteorological blue devils, ought to portend something pleasant ; but omens, just now, have to be interpreted, like the dreams of the lyrical Hibernian, by their opposite and accordingly, we find another Cabinet Council in full confab all the afternoon, deliberating the First Lord knows why and the last lord [Finality] knows on what. Not that Lord John is present that would be so proper and becoming a sort of thing that any occupant of his office would be sure to do it in the ordinary course and therefore he makes a point of not doing it, or how could he sustain his reputation as being essential to the working of the British constitution? The actual, _ if not the only business of government just now being foreign affairs, and he being secretary to the same, he keeps, or is kept, 500 miles away from all these cabinet deliberations thereupon and probably derives his first knowledge of what has been done in Downing-street when the faithful Rhenish Becker unlocks the Prince's Balmoral bag of a morning, and the Consort lets the Coburg cat out to be mused upon by the great little Briton. Just, however, as these qualities had completed their cogitations to this effect, led, or misled, by the fact that his lordship dined at the royal table yesterday, it appears that he really has come up this evening, bringing Elgin with him, or Elgin bringing him and leaving Argyll as the only Cabinet curiosity in the north. Passing, however, from small fine sers to great designers, the sunshine of the day is clouded by the gloomy tidings that Brunel is about to be followed to the undiscovered bourne whence no traveller returns by a yet more eminent engineer than himself. A complication of diseases, dropsy and jaundice, has brought to death's door Robert Stephenson and there now hangs on the frailest of threads the life of himself who " o'erleaped the pea, and spanned the midway air " with the Vathek-like fabrics of the Britannia and Victoria Bridges. Unlike Brunel, Stephenson has lived to see the completion of all his gigantic concep- tions, and to hear them landed equally for their practical economy as well as theoretic originality and magnificence. Unlike poor Brunel, also, he was the idol of his profession, and most popular in private, though of a reserved and retiring manner. A bachelor, without a family, of simple and inexpensive habits, indifferent to money for money's sake, though punctilious in the exaction of terms commensurate with his status, he was a man. of great wealth, and made a noble, but altogether unostentatious use of it for the same modest pride which led him to scout the trumpery knighthood proffered half-a-dozen years ago, as an insult to science in the person of its highest illustrator-led him also to disdain the vulgar notoriety of emblazoned munificence j and hence the knowledge of his generosity only casually transpired through the gratitude of some few of its innumerable recipients. Above all petty jealousies himself, he was scrupulous in the avoidance of everything that could wound the amour propre of the C.E.s, who are about the most thin-skinned race on earth, though they ought to be the contrary ; but this arises, perhaps, from so many of them being originally of rude and humble training, and not able to shake off early habits in afterlife "The mess wine gets in their head, as Wellington said when showing the inexpe- diency of endeavouring to fabricate an officer out of any other material than a gentleman. Though Robert was the son of George, and George was the very roughest of rough diamonds, Robert took the polishing admirably, and showed that it does not always require three generations to make a gentleman; for he was one in the conventional as well as the abstract sense and looked and bore himself, and had the indefinable ease and self-possession proper to the character _ as naturally as any tenth transmitter of the most foolish of faces in the manufactory of hereditary countenances. Of course, in his parliamentary evidences and otherwise, Stephenson was often obliged to affront the vanity of other engineers ; but he did it as inoffensively as possible, though with firmness, for he was emphatic in his condemnation of what he believed to be quackish or untenable and results almost invariably corroborated the wisdom of his anticipations, as in the atmospheric railway hallucination, the steam-gun crotchet, and other chimeras. At the same time, there are things taking place now that may well dis- turb the accepted infallibility of his judgment for according to the balloonamaniacal aspect of affairs, we seem, at least the Yankees do, on the eve of realising what Bishop Wilkins, two hundred years ago, said would be the case, that a man would call for his wings as readily as he was accustomed to call for his boots a notion that even the satiric Tear'em at one time seemed to endorse, for he brought in a bill to promote aerial navigation. It seems to have been a kind of kite-flying or wind raising bill, however and not being able to get puff enough to lift it, fell to the ground. There it has since remained ; but perhaps now it may be floated again, with John Arthur himself for the feather headed chairman, as he has a passion for presidential chairs, but is somehow or other, always falling between two or more chairs. Stephenson took much interest in the M'Clintock Franklin expedition ; but, had he been in a state to attend to such matters, he would have been mortified by the article in yesterday's leading journal, in which not one word is said of Lady Franklin's heroic exertions, wherein she spent almost every penny of her fortune (£25,000), the inference from the article being that Government had done all, whereas Government did next to nothing, the least possible that sufficed to save appearances. They said this expedition would be a total failure ; it has been an eminent success, alike in a scientific and philanthropic point of view and certainly, in either case, the self- sacrificing wife of a husband who sacrificed himself for his country should at least be now reimbursed in her pecuniary outlay. These are the days for testimonials to everybody for everything. Here's an opportunity for a national subscription for something the nation may be proud of. The ladies of England alone might undertake it; and doubtless the Queen would head the list. The Prince of Wales, too, being still a legal "infant," might become an honorary member and his quota would be sure to be something handsome, for he has a genuine Hal-like openness of hand, if we may judge by the £500 he has just given to the Rev. Mr. Farrer. This liberality will perhaps not be particularly tranquillizing to the Financial Reform Association, who are ruminating on II. R. H a. Civil List and etceteras for 1860 ; but it may tend to expand the contractedness of these people's ideas on this head to inform them that the last Prince of Wales got £100,000 outfit, and £50,000 per annum, besides that 213 ooO a year from the Cornwall revenues yet that didn't prevent his being over head and ears in debt perpetually and what wonder, when one item was a farrier's bill of £40,000 saying nothing of fabulous sums for " Perdita " and other cattle, whose allowance was cut off by the commissioners on the ground that there had been no valuable consideration for it. Coming back to the engineers, Brunel, though in the receipt of a very large income, is said to have died poor always living up to his emoluments and most of what he did save being spent in the launching of the Great Eastern, and other expenses connected there- with. The most prudential of all these professionals [save perhaps one, who, being still alive, it might be unbecoming to mention] appears to have been the late Mr. Rendell, and he was no engineer at all, if you believe his brethren, any more than Barry is an architect, or than a certain brazen-trumpeted stage-player is an actor, in their respective circles, all the stereotyped clack of sycophant cliques to the contrary notwithstanding. About Brunel's abilities, however, there never was a question, though one noisy engineer connected with the big ship, and who has traded largely in his brains, had the good taste to snub him while on board, just before the trial trip, as he had done frequently during and since the launch-an indignity which Brunel much felt, though he disdained to resent it. He is known to have had small appreciation of the Scott Russell paddle-engines to have said that they never would work in harmony with or up to the screw engines of Boulton and Watt and to have predicted that they would have to be removed-a prophecy not unlikely to be realised are very long. There are good reasons for believing that the Board of Trade examination will be most rigorous, ere they give a certificate of seaworthiness and certain hard swearing on the inquest will prevent any mere verbal assurance being taken for anything, consequently everything will have to be tested are approved. By the time that is done we shall not be very far from the spring of leap year, if indeed we shan't have jumped over it, at least as far as the 1st of April, when the first dividend will take place, and at a rate becoming that day. An admirable likeness of Brunel was taken the day he left the vessel, by Mr. Nottage, of the Stereoscopic Company, Cheapside, by whom also a series of extraordinarily minute representations of the effects of the accident has been secured, as indeed of nearly every portion of the ship ; together with portraits of the captain, _ officers, directors, and most eminent guests and visitors, a room on board having been allotted as a stall for the t sale of these productions, which carry the sun-paint ling art far higher, in point of execution and case of application, than it has yet reached, the total absence of vibration in the ship enabling the operations to be conducted with the nicest precision. It is to be de plored that impressions of certain of the physiogno- mines at the time of the explosion could not have been caught ; as they would have given us notions of the human os fronts that Lavater had never dreamt of, and which the ghost of Grimaldi in Mother Goose could not have equalled. It won't do, of course, to name names ; but names are named, and that pretty freely, of individuals, and some with handles to their names to, who so shook and shivered and quivered, that, if they had been on shore, and within reach of a physician, they would have been inevitably ordered a pint of quinine apiece instanter, under the conviction that they were in a paroxysm of certain ague, and were doing three weeks' shaking in as many minutes. Say rather, hours, or days; for some of them haven't left off the aspen attitude yet ; while a few have superinduced another kind of tremulousness, in their eagerness to supply the deficiency of natural spirit byBatnvian vivacity, otherwise Dutch courage. It is to be hoped that there really wasn't a French commissioner, or a Russian spy on board ; otherwise the report of the indescribable poltroonery of some of the exhibitors would inspire those dear allies of ours to double the exertions they are making a sweep Britannia off the face of the waters, might and main. What would our French friends say if he heard that an old crony of his own, an experienced yachtsman too, and one bearing a name most deeply indented with sword on the Casque and buckler of cuirassier at Waterloo, cried aloud for the boats, and pulled a handful of his copious moustache out in the nervous- ness of his terror at thoughts of going down. This ' scion of chivalry of the Norman stock only recovered 1 on the polite request of old chairman Campbell (who took the whole business as tranquilly as if auditing the accounts in Leadenhall-street] that he would be good enough " not to make such an infernal jackass of himself:" a variety of the donkey genus not particularised in Cuvier, but which was nevertheless fully appreciated in the quarter it was addressed to, and whence followed a horse laugh, the like of which Rarey never heard, when all danger was over. Let us hope that the nephew of his uncle won't hear this of his old fellow-player at Aunt Sally and apropos of the potentate, as we have been rather censorious in certain particulars of late, let us now do him justice in other matters of some consequence to him and to truth. In reference to the stories lately going the rounds as to the cipher figure the Emperor cut at Magenta and Solferino, his being a mere marionette in the hands of the marshals, dependent on Niel, M'Mahon, and the rest, for the knowledge of what was going on, and giving a parrot-like sanction to all that was submitted to him, nothing can be more entirely opposed to the truth. There are plenty of proofs of its falsity available, but one, from, the best of all sources, may suffice. A constant companion and attendant of his Majesty is the present surgeon-general, Baron Larrey. This is the son of the famous Larrey who was made Baron of the Empire on the field of Wagram, and held the same post his son now holds for many years in the old Napoleonic wars, Bonaparte immortalising him beyond all his followers by the pithy addendum of nine words to the St. Helena legacy of the 10,000 francs, namely-" He is the most virtuous man I have known " This, too, at a time when the caged eagle was specially stung by the perfidy of many of his most favoured proteges, who, not content with taking service under the Bourbons, were incessantly villifying their former benefactor and when Larrey himself had also become a Bourbonic functionary, but only in the interests of science and For the sake of his profession. He never forgot that he had been esteemed by the greatest celebrity in the | world, any more than did Talma, who ever remembered how his schoolfellow had invited him at Erfurt to play before a pit full of kings and the actor, with a magnanimity worthy of the real Romans whose mimetic impersonator he was, disdained to exhibit before those crowned puppets when subsequently placed in the boxes. Larrey won Napoleon's respects in many ways, in one instance especially by vindicating the French soldiery from the stigma of being weary of the wars of the empire. After the murderous fights of Wurtzschen and Bautzen, the last of the victories that gilded the Gallic standards, it was suspected that the unusual number of wounded was owing to self-mutilation, and great eagerness was displayed to have the supposed culprits visited with the prescribed punishment of death. Napoleon, sharing the general wrath, ordered some 1200 of them to be put aside, and shot if it should prove, on the examination of the surgeons, that they were guilty. Larrey, bearding the rage of the lion, and expecting to be sacrificed to it, made a most emphatic report, proving the untenability of the calumny, and vindicating the libelled troops in the warmest terms. This so pleased the Emperor that he sent him a letter of thanks and a substantial present, and placed him on the privy purse pension, with 3000 francs a year. In common with a good many other qualities, the Third Napoleon seems to possess the First's faculty of attaching, if not exactly the military, at least certain civilians, and especially the sons of those who served the uncle, and in the instance of the News and others, the military affinity appears hereditary too. It is especially noteworthy in this case of Larrey for the present Baron holds not merely the same official, but the same private, relation to the sovereign as did his father to the elder Napoleon. He is constantly beside the Emperor whenever the latter is in the camp or the field, or engaged in military matters of any kind and having nothing whatever of the politician or intrigue in him, and being absorbed solely in the requirements De Chirurgie Militaire at Campagnes, Snow followed for three generations in his family,] he has access to empress, ministers, clergy, and all dignitaries of the state at all times. Now there have lately I been on a visit to Paris certain eminent British members of the medical faculty, who, it may be remarked, have returned filled with admiration at the wondrous continuous improvements being made in all those sanitary regulations of the French hospitals that minister to convalescence even more than does the cleverest pharmacy, and are in themselves the true bases of the hygienic art. Situation, drainage, ventila- tion, baths, and every restorative appliance of the latest and best kind, on the largest and most liberal scale, characterise the French hospitals, and the Maisons de Sante, these latter being institutions to which we have nothing comparable, as in them invalids are treated at their own expense, at every rate of accommodation, from about three francs a day, [including food and lodging, to a far larger sum. With us it costs nearly as much to print a blue-book disclosing the imbecility of the choice of a pestilent site, and the abomination of management in an hospital, say the latest and worst, and therefore a model one, Netley, for example, as is expended in a twelve months' vigorous and sagacious administration in a French hospital Such at least is the admission of one of the most experienced and distinguished medical men in England, just returned from a comparison (not the first by many between establishments of this kind in the two countries. There is nearly as much difference between the two as between the English prisons of the present day and those of Howard's time, more especially in the military hospitals, and likewise in the barrack accommodation. For many of the more recent of these French improvements the credit mainly belongs to Larrey, to whose suggestions the Emperor ever lends a prompt ear and ready hand and the consequences are such as astonish our veteran habitues of Guy's, Bartholomew's, and St. Thomas's, as much as these latter do the peripatetic apothecaries of a British village dispensary. Larrey, who had a horse slain under him at Magenta, for he holds to the paternal prescript that immediate amputation is the first canon of practice in gunshot wounds, and therefore loses not a moment in the performance, reports to his brother English Esculapius that the Emperor was exposed to the hottest possible fire in the two great Italian actions, and that he exhibited a mingled sang froid and alacrity of perception that couldn't have been surpassed by any general of the Old Guard, after a case-hardening of half-a-hundred battles. There was nothing melo-dramatic in his indifference to danger none of the Franconia ostentation of dare-devil 1 la Murat ; nor was there any of the Dutch stolidity and phlegm which, according to certain versions of his bearing, led him to grant out a monosyllabic approval of each movement the sides de-camp of the commanders required his assent to. He was the commander, and every command issued from him, from him alone. He, the amateur and the recluse, the solitary eight years' Ham dreamer of dreams about ideal battles, he who had never set a squadron in the field, and knew no more about real fighting than a Tyrolean mountaineer of Atlantic navigation, taught his practised Algerian and Crimean captains the right way to react in a twinkling, a foe the most renowned in Europe for strategic sagacity as well as tactical finesse ; familiar with every inch of the difficult ground ; strong in numbers, in position, in the initiative of the assault, in everything but the one thing, namely, that genius which confounds ata stroke all the elaborated concoc- tions of humdrum and respectability. This is the testimony of a witness than whom it is impossible any could be more competent, and equally so that any could, be more truthful for there is nothing of the courtier, much less of the sycophant, in Larrey. But, surely, it will be said, no degree of intuitive aptitude for soldierly exigencies could supply the absence of all acquaintance with the formula of generalship- could atone for the ignorance of essential details of manoeuvres ? True ; but there was no such absence, no such ignorance. He had ground himself in all the rudiments of war, on the largest scale, short of actual conflict ; had familiarised himself with evolu- tions in every arm of the service, and in nearly every circumstance of hostilities, save siege and pontoon operations at the Chalons camp and so thoroughly, that almost the only genuine difference between fest vious campaigning in champagne on the Marne, and serious ditto in Italy on the Po, was merely that between injecting and imbibing grape, otherwise between blank and point-blank firing. Be it inspiration or be it merely cleverness, beyond all doubt L. I. B. is master not only of the situation, but of the military art of keeping himself so and well the marshals know it, and tremble at the knowledge. Although Pelissier did sneer at the instructions per telegraph from the Tuileries how to bombard Sevastopol, and did take the Malakoff at his own time and in his own fashion, the Chalons camp business has brought him to a more accurate knowledge of his master's ability and his own want of it, and of the former's perception of that want for it is pretty well known that the army of observation on the Rhine frontier was simply an affair of holiday promenade, involving no contingency calling for qualities such as the oldest denser Arab roaster does not possess, he being much more of the Augereau than of the Massena type of fighter. Hence he was kept away from Italy, where head-work was required and that work was executed by the brain that conceived it, the whole plan of the campaign being as exclusively the Emperor's as was the peace he in- terjected into the middle of it, and whereof no mortal but himself can make beginning, middle, or end, and the end is assuredly not yet. 