LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IPSWICH — This handsome and substantial addition to our public buildings is fast progressing towards completion, and by the end of the year it will be finished. It is entirely built of cut stone from the quarries of Mr. Fleming, on the Bremer, with the exception of the tracery and sills of the window's, which were prepared at the quarries of Mr. Petrie, at Mount Jones, on the Brisbane. The length of the building is 104 feet on the inside. The nave is 56 feet long by 28 feet wide, and the transept is 60 feet by 20 feet The chancel is 25 by 22 feet, and will be ceiled, but the roof of the remaining part of the church will be open woodwork. Height of the walls from the top of the foundation to the eaves of roof.20ft. 2in. ; the gables are 41ft. 11 in. high. The contract was taken by Mr. Petrie for £5600; but the substitution of slates for ironbark shingles, and additional tracery and niches in the gable of the nave will cause an additional outlay of some £200 to £300. The floor is to be of hardwood. The tracery of the windows is completed, with the exception of those at the gable ends, and displays not only beautiful workmanship and design, but is a proof that in the freestone quarries at Mount Jones we possess a material capable of being wrought for the most delicate purposes of the architect. We are requested to state that the late appeal made to the public for funds to complete the work was most cordially responded to by all classes of our community, and that the subscriptions amounted to nearly £1800, in addition to which the Government grant of £1000 has been received. As an indication of the kindly feeling which prevails in our community, between the members of different creeds, may be instanced the fact that on the last occasions when aid has been sought from the public for the Protestant and Catholic Churches, the most liberal among the con- tributors to each have been members of the opposite faith. Such, at least, is the assurance of collectors for each, and is a proof of the disposition " To do to others as we would that they should do unto us." IPSWICH SCHOOL OF ARTS — The Rev. J. T. Wara- ker delivered a lecture at this institution. on Wed- nesday last, before a numerous audience, on " Man's instinctive belief in the Supernatural." The le- turer sketched rapidly and humorously the forms in which this tendency had been developed, instancing Witchcraf, Ghost Stories, Spirit-rapping , and Table- turning. and mentioned the names of Benjamin Franklin and Samuel Johnson to show that credu- lity on these subjects had not been confined to the weak-minded and ignorant. This belief by man in an influence extraneous and superior to himself, prompted to the exercise of his higher attributes, and the perception of the unseen and intangible, unconnected with ignorance and debased into super- stition, was the source of the purest motives and the origin of the most praiseworthy actions. The lec- turer was attentively followed throughout his ad- dress, and the thanks of the audience were unani- mously given for the pleasure afforded them. AURORA AUSTRALIS. — On the evening of the 29th ult. our attention was called to the very remarkable appearance presented by the sky in the south- west, extending from the horizon upwards about 20° towards the zenith, which appeared of a bright roseate hue, and a dull haze prevailed to the east and south-east, rendering objects invisible at a short distance, but to the west and north-west the hills were visible for miles; large bush fires were seen along Little Liverpool Range, and a bright reflection in the direction of Mount Hullen indicated a large fire near that locality. The red luminous appear- ance was attributed to the light from fires, but on reference to the Sydney papers the cause must be ascribed to the Aurora Australis. The telegraphic wires were deranged throughout the day, so that communication was impeded between Sydney and Melbourne. THE ADVANTAGES OF BREEDING GOOD SHEEP — The local paper states that Mr. N P Bayly, of Mudgee, has sold and delivered, within the last four weeks, 126 sheep, for which he obtained £2079. ORCHARDS ON THE DOWNS . — It has more than once during the last few years been marvelled at that no attempts have been made to grow English fruits on a large scale on the Downs. We are happy to be able to announce that the experiment is about to be made, and an orchard of apple trees planted forth- with. It cannot fail to prove a most profitable in- vestment. Fruit of any description is so greatly sought after in the northern districts, and besides being a luxury is so conducive to the general health of a people who, through their own apathy,are re- stricted, or nearly so, in their average dietary to beef, mutton — mutton, beef, that the mouths of every one of our readers ought to water at the bare idea of Ribston pippins and other rare descriptions of apples. There can be little doubt, if any, that the climate in the immediate vicinity of the Main Range is admir- ably adapted for every species of English fruit which has been cultivated with success in Tasmania, and although we could not advise the investment of capital in orangeries anywhere near Drayton or Too- woomba. we can most unhesitatingly express our conviction that apples, and perhaps some other English fruits would prove a most remunerative crop to those through whose enterprise they are brought in any qnantity into the market. — Darling Downs Gazette, September I. GROW AND EAT VEGETABLES. — One of the very strongest arguments in favour of the culture of vege- tables and fmit. and tbeir consumption in the family. is the fact that such consumption prevents disease. We are by no means strictly vegetarian in theory or practice, but we know by experience tbat fruit even at large prices is cheaper and far more profitable to purchase than the services of a physician, and that if the former are not consumed as an article of every day diet, the services of the latter will be required We have seen it asserted recently by a medical writer tbat the introduction of the tomato upon the table has reduced the severity of certain types of summer diseases to a noticeable extent, and yet in a book, not a dozen years of age, we saw it asserted that this same tomato is a "most unhealthful and innutritions fruit." As soon as we learn how luxu- riously we can live with no increase of cost, and a great increase of health, by the consumption of the produce of our gardening ??????? gardens will be found on every homestead ???? Journal. The following from the Germantown Telegraph fol- lows appropriately in this connection :— Dr. Bennet. a professor of some celebrity, considers it an invalu- able article of diet, and ascribes to it very important medical properties. He says it is one of the most powerful aperients of the in???? medica, and that in all those affections of the liver and organs where calomel is indispensable, it is probably the most effective and least harmful remedial agent known to the profession: that he has successfully treated diarrhoea with this article alone: that when used as an article of diet, it is almost a sovereign remedy for dyspepsia and indigestion ; and that it should be used either raw, cooked, or in the form of a catsup with our daily food, as it is a most healthy article.—Ibid COMMERCIAL — Mr. Cockburn reports the sale of cows at from £1 5s. to £5 per head, and of heifers and steers at from 11. to ??s. per head; station hides at 12s. each ; station skins at 7d. per lb. ; oaten bay at £10 per ton ; and maize at 5s. and 5s.6d per bushel. The following produce has been received and forwarded: — From the stores of Messrs. G. H. Wilson & Co.,— 4 casks tallow, TW& Co.; 11 casks tallow. BD ; 1 bale skins, 8 bundles ditto, TBS ; I cask tallow, BD. 