?\\)î litutrüwr. ADELAIDE, THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1859. The Bishop of Adelaide has written in reply to the last letter of Mr. Binney. Our readers will remember that letter, and especially those powerful passages which laid bare the true reason of the inability of Episcopal Churchmen to frater- size with the ministers of other denominations. We must confess to having read the Bishop's letter with feelings of pain. All who are acquainted with the history of this most extraordinary attempt at Christian union will at once recollect the warm and inviting terms in which the Bishop first courted the acquaintance of Mr. Binney. The ardent language of his Lordship naturally led Mr. Binney to believe that the hour of fraternal union had really arrived. That ardent language, also, found a glad response in the breasts of numerous members of the Church of England, who had long wished for the demolition of the miserable barrier that separated kindred spirits. That ardent language awoke a responsive echo from the lips of His Excellency, from many persons of high and commanding influence, from the press in all its sections, and from no mean portion of the South Australian public. Delusive hopes ! The voice of opposition was heard ; the Bishop was alarmed at his own outspokenness. His clergy called him back ; he hasted to retreat and as he retraced his footsteps, drew arrow after arrow from the quiver of controversy to show why he ought not, as a minister, to recognise the orders of another minister, in whose favor he had a short time before made so enthusiastic a demonstration. "We are desirous not to be misunderstood. We fully admit that the clergy of the Episcopal Church have as much right to insist upon the essential nature of Prelatical ordination as the non Episcopal clergy have to insist upon its indifference. We will also do the Bishop the justice of saying that he argues well for the new ecclesiastical position he has now taken up. Perhaps he may say that it is not a new position that it is quite compatible with the impassioned language he originally addressed to Mr. Binney. Then let it be so. We have no wish to show that the Bishop has affirmed direct opposites, either in facts or arguments. But this we insist upon, that the effect of the Bishop's reasoning at first, and of his reasoning now is totally different. At first the question was Why can we not unite? Now the question is How can we unite ? At first the Bishop could not see what separated himself and clergy, ministerially, from Mr. Binney. Now the Bishop cannot see by what means he and his clergy can ministerially co-operate with Mr. Binney. At first the Bishop's language stimulated every liberal element in the Churches. Now his language chills every liberal aspiration and reanimate the soul of torpid forms ; the cavilling spirit of antiquated maxims. At first the Bishop's language excited popular hope in the Millenium of Christian charity ; now it dashes that hope to the ground, and compels the unwilling belief that Christian Churches and Christian Union are incompatible terms. Addressing Mr. Binney, the Bishop says " Had it been all along seen, as you now clearly see, that we cannot recognise your orders (though we do not take upon ourselves to reject as ineffectually your ministerial acts of bap- sizing in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I should not have been asked, as I have frequently been, to admit Non Episcopalian ministers to officiate in our Churches, burial-grounds, schoolrooms, and to co-operate with them in works essential to the prophetical office of the ministry, such as distribution of religious tracts, missions to the bush, Sunday-school teachers' union, and lately to open our pulpits unconditionally for their use. The rule, however, on which we act has been plainly laid down for us. We do not forbid Non Episcopalian ministers to cast out devils by preaching Christ's name and His Gospel, because they follow not its,-' but neither on the other hand, do we find any warrant for following' them." His Lordship then justifies repudiation of Mr. Binney's ministerial status by means of the following quotations : [From the Preface of the Ordination Service.] " It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the Apostles' time there have been these Orders of ministers in Christ's Church Bishops, Priests, and Deacons ; which officers were ever- more had in such reverend estimation, that no man might presume to execute any of them except he were first called, tried, examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for the same, and also by public prayer, with imposi- tion of hands, were approved and admitted thereunto by lawful authority. And, therefore, to the intent that these Orders may be continued, and reverently used and esteemed in the United Church of England and Ireland, no man shall be accounted or taken to be a lawful Bishop. Priest or Deacon in the United Church of England and Ireland, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and admitted thereunto according to the form hereafter following, or hath had formerly Episcopal consecra- tion or ordination." The twenty-third Article : "It is not lawful for any man to take upon him the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the congregation before he be lawfully called and sent to execute the same ; and those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send ministers unto the Lord's vineyard. The Bishop, fortified by these quotations, then remarks : " Could I then as an honest man, invite you to preach in our pulpits ? But as I could not do so, I felt pressed in spirit to show you how I and multitudes of others in the Church of England valued piety, eloquence, and ability, in non-Episopalian ministers; and how much we wished that they would reconsider those points of discipline which the;) number with things indifferent,'' but are we bound in conscience to hold fast as being of Apostolic origin and possess- ing scriptural authority. Neither Lutherans, and Calvinists, norWesleyans, nor even independent Independents, like yourself, assert Episcopacy or Creeds to be unscriptural or unlawful, though they maintain that they are we of obligation Non-Episcopalians then would violate no rule of conscience by adopting either one or the other ; either a freely elected Episcopate in its primitive form, or a form of sound words, whereby the sunk fence' of which you speak, between the Episcopal and more recent Denominational Presbyterian Churches, would so far be filled up and disappear." In other words, if Mr. Binney and his co-religionists will become Churchmen, then, and | not till then, will Churchmen fraternize with them. We do not blame Churchmen for holding this sentiment ; but we do think that if such was the opinion of the Bishop when he wrote his first loving letter to Mr. Binney, he allowed his affections greatly to preponderate over his judgment. The cause of complaint is not that his Lordship entertains such views, but because entertaining such views, he originated a movement based on the supposition that his views were widely different. His Lordship thus felicitate himself upon the discomfiture of those " eager spirits " who, foolishly following his guidance, have found themselves left in the lurch : I am not sorry that some few eager spirits, who attempted to clear the sunk fence at a bound, should have stumbled and fallen therein ; or to adopt your military metaphor, they have not blown in the counterscarp of the ditch, and planted their banners on the breach of a ruined Episcopacy. That fortress we cannot abandon ; because we believe its bulwarks to be of apostolic origin and to have the sanction of Scripture. And if our non-episcopalian friends cannot join it and form part of the garrison, let them believe and give us credit for acting 'conscientiously' in maintaining our ministerial reserve. Let them cease to talk of dominant Church,' intolerant hierarchy,' gear, as the cause of disunion. We have as much right to remain Episcopalians, as they had to become non Episcopalians. The foxes in the fable were justified in declining to reform themselves by a ' fraternal curtailment' '> Passing by the elegant reference to curtailed clergymen, we next quote the Bishop on creeds. His Lordship says : " Look to the history of Protestantism itself! What Protestant Church did not, at the Reformation, put forth its Confession ? Is that of Augsburg a dead letter ? Not until the Helvetic Confession of Galvin's Church had been abrogated by the Rationalistic Government of Genoa as a test for its State Clergy, did a new evangelical reformation, inaugurated by D'Aubigne and Malan, become necessary there Let me further ask what has become of the orthodoxy of the old Presbyterian Churches in England? What is the faith of the Presbyterian Synod of Antrim? Was it not from the absence of a creed that the Lady Lawley Charity came to be dragged into a court of law ? Did the absence of articles prevent the 'Rivulet' controversy, and prevent the fountain of Gospel truth pure and undefiled? Not long ago I had the pleasure of receiving from you a sermon, entitled The Apostles' Creed.' sow, if the Apostles held a creed, that is certain truths in- dispensable to the Gospel of Salvation, and if you have endeavored to define these truths, surely a creed in itself is neither useless nor needless, ' yourself being judge. I might also refer to your friends, the Wesleyans, whom you once offended, by plainly telling them that they must be either Dissenters or Schismatics ;' yet they have a creed, and a tolerably long one, too-one, also, of purely uninspired composition, which, nevertheless, you yourself have morally subscribed before you preached in their chapel ! I know not whether you are Arminian or Calvinist or neither. But every Wesleyan minister is bound by Wesley's model trust deed to preach no doctrine or practice contrary to what is contained in certain notes on the New Testament, commonly reputed to be the notes of the said John Wesley, and in the first four volumes of sermons commonly reputed to be written and published by him Talk of Popery and the Council of Trent, and of the infallibility of the Pope ! These are moves' not more huge than this Wesleyan beam.' " Again, we say, that all this is very good ecclesiastical argument against the union of High Church and Independence but surely the Bishop knew from the beginning of the correspondence what his own convictions were-knew what the views of his clergy were-knew what the Episcopal body generally believed-knew the general tenor of Mr. Binney's sentiments and the general sentiments of the non-Episcopalian denominations of this colony? Surely he knew all this and, if so, why did he raise the standard of union, if only to trail it in the mire with his own hands as soon as an enemy approached ? Was he not the standard bearer ? Was he not nobly supported? Yet has he disappointed the hopes of those who thought they saw in him the leader of a new religious reform. The Bishop has lacked the moral courage to carry out his own first ex- pressed intentions, and he now retires from the honorable position which he once occupied, condemned by those whose hopes he has deceived, and mistrusted by those to whose objections he has sacrificed his first and better thoughts. 