Fairy Meadow Races. — Those sports take place to day, at the rear of Mr Lysaght's Hotel. Soothers IUiAWARitA MimcirAL Movement. — Wo would -remind the membors of tho Committee that, ac cording to ndjonrnment, a meeting will bo hold this day, at 2 o'cloe.k, at Ulliott's Fig-tree Hotel, to reooivo tho lists, ana to arrange as to sending m the pennon. Fairy Meadow Hoad Trust. — It will bo seen toy advertisement, that a mooting of parties favorablo to tho ? continuance of t.lie Road Trust Act, will bo held at Lysaglu's Hotel, Fairy Meadow, this day, at one o'clock to consider the present position of tlio Trustees. Tiie Attendance of Kehiesentatives. — It is to bo hoped 'that those members of the Assembly who have. Confidence ir. the presont Ministry will not allow the les son of last week to go by unheeded. If Mr R. Campbell, Mr Marks, and Di-. ^.ldcorn had beon present, or any two of them, on Tuo'day, tho wholo ' bubble bubble, trial and trouble,*' which must have tried tho temper and natienco of ovcry membor of the Assembly, except the leading factionists, and v,'hic!i has puzzled if not1 disgusted tho country, could not havo occurred. Their presence and votes would havo outweighed even tl.e vehement eloquence of Donaldson, tho thundering i terrorisms of Plunkett, and tho religious quotations of the high principled Martin. Bettor than this — it would, have saved three -precious days of wrangling and faction fighting over the vanishing ghost of State Aid. However, : thoy arrived in time 'to turn the scale, and, to save the country from tho disgraoo and folly of having the Reform . Bill practically ushered into being by those who did all, thoy could to render it an abortion. Now they are there,: it will be their duty, we conceive, to stop until the session is brought to a close. They may depond upon it, ; that oven a temporary absence will be'lea'ving tho Ministry ' open to the tondor mercies of tho Opposition. The Weather has been exceedingly H'nriablo during tho last weok, and on several days rain has fallen. As the harvest is almost all stacked or housed no harm :has been done. _ I The Grand Tontine.-— Our readers will observe prospectus of this afl'air in another part of our paper, j It is, ns will be seen, a plan of ?securing a lifo annuity j after the expiration Of either 10 or 21 years. A con temporary savs : — ' A now system of investment has just been' introduced by one of our citizens, under tho : dnsinnnf.inn a(' t.lin ft -? ii nil fivdnev Tontine. Tho lironertv. which is to bo disposed of in £1 shares, is decidedly valuable, comprising a large block cf land running from Pitt-street to George-street, near tho Gonerul I\\-st- oflice. On both frontages are built several excellent houses, some nearly new, and commanding good_ rentals. That portion of tho property at presont occupied is bring ing in £1000 a year. Between three and four thousand shares havo already been taken, and applications aro fast pouring in.' ? A Warning. — Persons of the laboring class who may be thinking of proceeding to the Ciyde River in search of employment would do well to wait awhile, if, a i we have every reason to believe it is, the following be true. A respectable resident of that place writes thus ' I beg permission to say a faw words respecting poor families coming to the Clydo township, Nelligen, for work. I have had, to my great iuconvenienco, for some time past, two families 1 v'ing on the -floor of ono of my rooms. Thoir husbands, finding they could not get work here, took to 'Ci)iivey'ineir'little'tfap r.o Brnidwood. ft is too well known that no land has been sold horo yet, nnd until it is, no work will be found hero by poor people.11 Another ' gentleman confirms this stutomont orally. It is to be : hoped tho authorities will loso no time in putting the land up for sale. When this is done, thore can bo no doubt but Nelligen will be a profitable field of occupation for -all sorts of mechanics and laboring persons. In reference to tho land sale, we could not too strongly urga on the Government the propriety of having it held on tho ground, and not nt Moruya, as oar correspondent fears it will be. 