S MARYBOROUGH MUNICIPAL ELECTION. The annual municipal election takes ptaee tbe week after next, but little or no attention seems as yet to be directed to it. The three retiring members are Messrs- M'Laadress, Fowler, aid Taylor. Tbe firstof these will, we presume, not offer himself again, as he it about laving the district. The remaking two will probably again solicit tbe votes of their fellow-townsmen, and the able mmnw in which they have discharged their duties, as well as the popularity they enjoy, justifies ns in believing that they will be re-elected. The vacancy left by Mr. M'Landress's retirement is one that has many special features of interest. Since Maryborough was erected into a municipa lity, be has occupied the position of Chairman, and before that time be was distinguished for fab untiring advocacy of the interests of the town. The best testimony to his services u his re-election a< Chairman, and tbe universal respect and esteem with which be fa regarded by his colieigu^ and coustitueaU. It is rumoured that he f f e S ^ C t t i U t f district at the ensuing election for the Assembly, when other opportunities will be afforded us of dwelling on the services he has rendered. To fill liis, place in the Council will not be an easy task, and die electors should bestir themselves at once to look fin- bis substitute. There is not a more healthy sign of a prosperous municipality than a well-contested election ; it Aows that the electors have both its interests at heart, and a stake in its advancement. We would gl&dly; Boe tbe forthcoming election bravely battled over by generous antagonists, who whilst they will glory in a victory, will not be too much 1 by a defeat. is one point which it strikes us should be strenuously insisted on. No candidate should find favour with the electors who does not distinctly pledge himself to use his utmost exertions to provide for the grevious want of Water which the town and district suffer from. This is tbe question of questions for Maryborough, before it everything else sinks into insignificance. At the last election the candidates were eager in their protestations of attending to the matter, and tbe whole of the Council seemed of the same mind. A year ha« psst, and scarcely a step haa been made in advance. It fa true it has frequently been discussed, numberless projects considered, and countless communications written to tbe Government, but little or nothing practical has been done. We are aware that the gaol question, and other matters have occupied the tins of the Council, and do not to indulge in reproach, but we how ask on the part of the rate- payers that the undivided energy and «aIof the Council be enlisted in the subject, and that no effort be gparwl in «u>yfag it to a successful issue. When tbe question was first started we expressed doubts whkber it would not be as well tar tbe public to take the matter into their own hands. The Council, however, prefered to charge themselves with it, and It is toolate to mate any alterations. We trust that this subject Will be well ventilated at the election. SLTCETOG MtK.—I'l.ESHLKBS DLGORB 0F fiCM- BOLDT.—A passenger from Humboldt, says the Trinity Journal, relates that wbeu Captain reoentfv destroyed an Indian rancbeira, one of his men, Hank Smith, entered a deserted but, but eaipe out a great deal faster than be went in, with "ea«h particular hair on end," and declaring that there was a ghost within. The jest of die Others iuduoed the man to go back, but again he returned more precipitately, and swore that there was a maviog skeleton in the lodge. Afterwards an opening was made in tbe hut, and a living skeleton was discovered crouching under a basket: animated anatomy of skin ana bones, fivefeet six inches high, which weighed but sixteen pounds 1 Tbs thing is declared to be a complete embodiment of death,without & particle of fleshdiscovered either oh the limbs or the face, ahd that though there was not fleshenough at the waist to be s ned by a man's hand, yet it was capable of walking and intelligent action. Tbe prisoners employ the skeleton man in Mixing bread, 4n which his long bonyclaws exhibitconniderablfedBXterity, Sofaras the weduKty of > our informant goe&. and we have no reason ts question bis veracity, the foregoing is no hoax. He declared that he has seen the living skeleton, whio}Mwill shortly bo sent to i the th« settlement* as. die grettbjjt physiological pljeno menon of theage. USsj|%>iprs believe that the attenuated creature is tbe'ttonseqnenueof some tin-. known disease which bas slowly wasted tbe .flesh witbeutexpeUing life from its ghastly tabernacle. 1 