BALLARAT CIRCUIT COURT j Monday, \7th October. (Before His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth.) The Circuit Court for the District of Bal larat was opened this morning, at ten o'clock precisely, by his Honor Mr Justice Moles worth. Mr Brewer prosecuted on behalf of theOown, and after the long panel had been called over ¿nd a jury empannelled, the trial of prisoners was proceeded with. UTTERING FORGED KOTES. . ' John Wanagan and Joriai Southward were indicted for uttering a forged £5 note, pur porting to be of the Union Bank of Anstralia, at Smythesdale, on the 20th August. Mr Brewer stated the case for the prosecu tion, and called detective officer Daly, who deposed to the arrest of the prisoners, on the 31st August, on the charge laid in the in dictment, and Sarah Parker deposed that they came into the Black Swan Hotel and asked for some drink, which was supplied them, and for which they tendered a five pound note of: the Union Bank; ßhe sent it out to get changed, but the person she gave it to returned saying it was bad. J. W. - Bobinson, barman at the Black Swan, gave evidence similar 'to the last, and Samuel Corcoran deposed that the witness-Parker gave him the note to get changed, but tue parties to whom he took it refused to change it, as it was bad. He returned the same no*e to Mrs Parker. A. Patterson deposed that' in- the month of August two persons passed à bad note on her at Monkey Gully, but she was unable to identify the prisoners as the persons who gave her the bad note. A witness named Qibson ? identified the note received by the lost witness, and Edward Bradley, manager of the Union Bank of Australia, deposed that the note in question was a forgery, and very badly exe cuted. His Honor said the evidence was very slight against the prisoners, and in fact there was no evidence at all against Southward. The jury then consulted for a few moments and returned a verdict of not guilty, and the pri soners were discharged. UTTERING a FORGED NOTE. William Johnston was indicted for having at Ballarat, on the 6th of September, uttered a forged £5 note, purporting to te af the Union Bank. Florence Price deposed that on the day mentioned in the indictment the prisoner came to her house in Esmond street, and said if he had any silver iu bis pocket he wonld give it to her to keep the children from crying. He asked her if she could change a £5 note, and she «aid, no. He then seat her oat for the change, and Mrs M'Gregor changed the note for her, and when she went back to her own house she counted the notes to the pri soner, end he then lian ied her £1 for her trouble. She identified the note which she received from the prisoner. Janet M'Gregor deposed changing the note in question for the last witness, and gave her five one pound notes of the Chartered Bank for it. At the time she took the note she re marked to Mrs Price that she did not like the looks of " the fourth figure" on it. Francis Smith, a licensed victualler, de posed, that the prisoner gave him a £5 note for some drink, and he gave him in change, £i 17* 6d. He gave the note to Mr Nippen, but he returned the note to witness as bad. Thoa. Kippen deposed, that he received the note from the last witness, and gave it to Mr Anstis/the butcher. William Anstis deposed to receiving the note from Nippen; and taking it to the Union Bank, where it was marked across as a forgery. He and Kippen returned the note to Smith. Edward Bradley deposed that the note in question was a " very bad forgery." Detective Officer Bailey deposed to the arrest of the prisoner on the 7th September. His Honor then summed up the evidence. The jory found the prisoner guilty, and hi« Honor said, a few yeats ago the crime of which the prisoner was found guilty was punished with death, but now a more mer ciful code waa in existence. He would therefore sentence him' to four years penal servitude on the roads. The same prisoner was then indicted for a similar offence, and requested another jury to. be empanelled. Subsequently he withdrew the plea of " Not guilty," and pleaded " guilty," and the Crown Prosecutor informed his Honor ¡ that there was a third charge against the prisoner. His Honor having read over the deposi tions said, that in 1856 the prisoner had been sentenced to six years penal servitude, but the Government had remitted part of the pun ishment, and he seemed to have made up his mind to spend his whole life in gaol. He should sentence him for the second offence to four years penni servitude, to take effect from the expiration of the former aentence. The third indictment was not proceeded with. ' CATTLE SXEAUHO. John Leonard waa indicted for stealing two head-of cattle from Francis Brien in the month of August last. Francis Brien, examined by Mr Brewer, deposed that he had a cattle station at Port Glen Heme, Heathcote. In the bitter end of the month of August 30 head of cattle were stolen from bim; «nd at the Western Police Court, on Ballarat, he was .shown the skins of two cows, and fae identified his brands on the skins in question, and also on the horns. The cattle were tiie joint ut upeUy of witness and rina brother. {The prisoner here re quested the postponement of tiie case until the arrival of bis counsel, Mr MDennott, who was engaged at tte Ponce Court.) To bia Honor-The cattle were stolen con secutively, and he did not sell the cow, the brands on the skin of which he now identified. : His brother was not in the habit of selling ! i*e cattle, and i» had no manager. He saw but one head with the hides which he iden tified. Mr M^Dearâtt&erenrrived;, and s«dd the brief bad been pot into bia hands that mo* ment, «md trie prisoner woaia withdraw Ida plea of not guilty and plead guilty. His Honor accepted the plea, and Mr McDermott called Donald MTjean, %bo deposed that the prisoner had worked fpr him, and he had never known anything against his character. Richard SeUsr deposed that he had known the jprisoner, whoresided-at Warrenheip, for the last fbnr or fire months, and he believed that he bórea goód character in that locality. He had awife and Arree children. \- His Honor, -addressing the prisoner, said that affairs of the kind to which he pleaded rgruTrywere such as'would call for a severe punishment at his hands, -; He should there fore sentence him to'be kept to penal servi -tud^on tberoa^to six^earSi ? nríiiÑo>ñBOD) CHÈQUE , Robert Fetston, tate a\çlerk in the Resident Warden's office, was indicted for forging the name of Mr Sherard to a cheque for £25. Mr Dunne ftpp»ared for the prisoner, and pat in a plea of guilty, and hoped his Honor would are reason to mitigate the punishment of the prisoner, who had pleaded guilty by his ad vice, and had hitherto occupied a very re spectable position in" society, and bornean excellent character. His Honor having read over the depositions, askel Mr Dunne if he had any evidence to give. Mr Dunne said no. (fis Honor addressing the prisoner said, the position which he had occupied was an aggravation of the offence which he com. mittèd. He was _ employed in a public office, and he should, therefore, have known that the offence which he committed was ex tremely criminal, bat he did not gain any benefit by the act. There. «ere some extenu ating circumstances however, in connection with the offence, ano he believed that the prisoner committed the offence'when pressed by a creditor, and intended to take np the cheque the d ay after; He appeared from the first to have confessed his criminality, end to be sorry for the offence. He should there Tore sentence him io only two years* impri sonment, which was the lightest sentence he c mid pass. The prisoner was then removed. STEALING PROM A. STORE. John Doyle, Elita WUson and Charlotte Smith alias Miller, « ere indicted for stealing twp silk dress s from the store of Mrs Tuckett on the Main road. A witness named Barthrow deposed to the prisoner's coming to the shop on the 2nd of September to purchase some articles of dress.- The witness identified two dresses, which were stolen 'from the shop on that occasion. Wm Harris deposed that on the night of the robbery he was residing at the Fountain Head Hotel, and about s| o'clock some person shouted out "Stop thief,** and he ran after the prisoners,' and he saw one of the female prisoners drop a dress, which he picked np. Identified the dress in question, and the man who he then saw running away. Isabella Irwin deposed that Ehe resided at the Fountain Head Hotel, and on the night of the robbery she heard persons knocking at tile door of Mrs Tuckett's shop. She went to the door and saw one man and two women there. Identifies the male prisoner as one of the persons whom she then saw at the door. She saw the women throw ont some dresses, and the maa and one of the women ran away with the dresses. Richard Phillips, a saddler residing at the corner of Feel street, deposed to the finding of a silk dress in his yard on the morning after the robbery, which he took to Mrs Tuckett's store. Elias Trimlett deposed to being in the house of the prosecutor on the night of the robbery. He identified the man and Wilson as being in the shop at the time of the rob bery, and the second female, from her general appearance,-he believed to be the other woman who was present. The wife of the last witness corroborated the testimony of her husband, and in addition identified Wilson as being in the shop at the time of the robbery. Constable Edward deposed to seeing the three prisoners together near the Formtain Head Hotel on the night of the robbery. Detective Officer Hyland deposed to the arrest of the prisoners. . Smith addressed the jury for 10 minutes, with the view of showing that she had no thing to do with the robbery, and called John Thomas Chettle, who deposed that the prisoner Smith waa in the Charlie Napier at 25 minutes to 9, and he never lost sight of ber until she was arrested by the detective officer. To Mr Brewer-If it waa not Smith it was her ghost. I am conductor of the room at the Charlie Kapier. There were about 100 persons there, and he WWB keeping his eyes on ber all the "evening, io order to pre vent ber going to any other house. This was his business. He was looking after hts buei - ness. Was master of the ceremonies. There were some other females there. His Honor-Do you mean to say you were watching her all night ? Witness-I was paying her attention, and arranging mattera about the room. His Honor-Giving her drink f Witness-Oh no. Ge'ting partners for her. To Mr Brewer-There is a bar there ; I had my eyes on it all the evening. A man named Baker was there. George Baker deposed that Smith wss in the Charlie Kapier several times during the night of the robbery. Edwards, the constable, was then recalled at the request of Smith, and id reply to Uer lie said t hat Mrs Tuckett or some person in the bouse would not give her in charge. To Mr Brewer he said lie had no doubt whatever but he met Wilson and Smith near the Fountain Head on the night of the robbery in company with the other prisoners. Mr Brewer recapitulated the evidence for the Crown, and his Honor having summed up the jury found the prisoners guilty of larceny. Doyle wai sentenced to six months hard labor on the r ads, and Smith and Wilson were sentenced ta four months imprisonment with hard labor. 8TKALLNG A WATCH. John Millón was indicted for stealing a watch from William Porter on the 13th Sep tember, »nd io a second count be was indicted for receiving it, knowing it to have been stolen. William Porter deposed that on the diy men ioned he had b»en drinking, and hail a watch valued at £8'wlnch he 'dissed from his person. He subsequently saw the watch now produced st the police office, which he identified. Abraham Citron, pawnbroker un the Main Road, deposed to the prisoner pledging the watch with him on the 13th September, for £1 6*. Themas Bragg depos d that prisoner - nd prosecutor had been drinking together on the day-of the robbery Detective officer Bailey deposed to the arrest of the prisoner. His Honor recapitulated the evidence, and She jury found the prisoner guilty on the second count tn the indictment, and he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment with bard labor. The Court then adjourned to this day, when the following list win be taken : Ah Hing, larceny Wm. Woodward, stealing in a dwelling George Lawson, do do Freak. Thompson, housebreaking j Wm. Camina, horse stealing Anne Kemp, stealing in a dwelling George Brown, do Ah Yaoung, larceny j Ah Kemin, rape Benjamin Hawen, wounding with intent j Dr Seydell, manslaughter Wm. Orr, stealing in a dwelling Anne Pitt, stealing in company Daniel Davis, do dp Thoa. Ferró, do John Mortimer, robbery . 