FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION. (From tbe Tiroes, 17th Kor*uiler.) The Ghost of Old Protection, exerc:sed once more from the realms of Chaos and Old Night, to which! with other lumber, we had hoped it was dually con signed about six tears ago, has been walking the earth dnring the last few weeks with'suHi effect on the minds of those who have encountered it as such apparitions are ordinarily said to produce. It has frightened a Minister of State back to Protection, end a Member cf Parliament almost out of Free Tiade. Proud must the great magician who eroked it from its resting-place be to see the effect he has produced on the convictions of one man aud the nervous sensibilities of another. We have all read of the lady who was an unexceptionable matron in all other respects, but whom'the presence of a mouse had the power instan taneously to convert into the est out of which she was made. Such, we fear, is Lord M&lmeshury; when brought into contact with the question of Free Trade. He enacts, hot without success! the part of a liberal Minister on all other topics. He boggles neither at property qualification, Jewish emancipation, nor Nea politan coercion; in fact, acts the part so well that one is on the poiut of forgetting that he was not hrqught up to it; when suddenly an evil chance flings in his way the plaintive wailings of the British ship owner, and lo! &e; metamorphosis is complete and instantaneous, and our Foreign Secretary, such as he was in his days of nature, stands revealed before us. We had thought, at any rate, Lord Maltoesbury and his colleagues had made a decisire and final election; but it would now seem as if they were not indisposed to take what'etedit may be bad for being Free-traders against their' will, and by mingling their tears with those who mourn for the fine old. English Navigation Laws to attract to themselves whatever unappropriated sympathy the last of the Protectionists mar have to spare. 1 The Greenock Chamber of Commerce had memo rialised tha Foreign Office ou pie subject of the unwillingness showu by foreign nations to return , in kind (he liberal policy of Great Britain, urgiug no doubt, that as they were foolish enough to tax their general industry fur the purjiose of encouraging their shipping interest, it was highly unpatriotic in us to pretend to be wiser than our neighbors, and that we ought to lose no time in following their eumple. It was not a bad opportunity for Lord Malmesbury to air his new princ pies, only he availed himself of it to ventilate his old ones. He directs Mr Hammond u to state to the men of Greenock that he regrets to say that tbe apprehensions that were entertained by many l*oous of the proj>ahle effegt of tlje ftbolittyn pf tbe Navigation Laws have .realised, and that the efforts of Her Majesty's Government hare hitherto proved unavailing to obtain for the shipping of England that reciprocity of the liberal measures she has granted to other nations which she was enti led to expect." We must be permitted to say that (his official state ment contains a complete misrepresentation of the real .nature of the .controversy with regard to tbe repeal of the Navigation Laws. Any one would suppose, from Lord Mulinvsbury's triumphant regrets at the too speedy and painful realisation of all which that prophetic sagacity for which }ie b so justly celebrated foretold, that the real issue oa.which the repeal of the Xarivatioa Lacs was decided was whether or no foreign countries would follow us In tue example of liberality we set them, the Free-traders urging that they would be sure to do so, and the Protectionists that they would certainly not The real controversy was whether, even »u .posing that foreign countries were not • nllghtened enough to follow our example, u was only too likely to be the case, we did not gain as a nation by their competition jitd the conaequ-ift lowering of freights, even though tbrV might n >t be wise enough to secure a si-mlar advanug - for tbrm-elvts. The question of recipro city or Co reciprocity was of the highest importance from the Protectionist view, end unite luimauri&l; to the Fre" Trade argument. Our hotectiouUts turn FrvtroJers, and then reproach us with a collateral result of the new j»olicy width ould only be important when viewed from tbe Protectionist point of view which thev profess to discard. The mouse has come, end the matron is a cat again. _ Nor is the revival of rids iropaJatebie topic without a certain amount of tribulation e\en to staunch Trcv trader* -Protection being no longer a party cry, bavin*7 in fact,vanished from the region of politics,can now be introduced without difficulty by constituencies to the a'tenrio:; of their Members. It has sunk from Vin" a grwt Mblic j»- rtion U the m-.re dininatire .limrtisiinsof» rr;v.iej,l; sach a job as mduciiUal •uynort'TS mavask.and perhapscomplusant Members concede. It fell to the lot of Mr Ingham, the liberal and conciliatory member for South Shiehls, to attend a meeting ol his ship-owning constuuents, at which the reciprocity grievance srtas w have been full) ventilated, and then tin' opinion of the Member dis tinctly asked. It is to Mrlnghaia'-i credit that,though sorelv pressed and dreadful* aoiious to conciliate, though with some apologies art} apparently not with a few misgivings, be di l contr.ve to maintain his principles, and to refuse any j romisc, express d or implied, that he wculd altenip: to reverse the policy of Free Trade. He was sanguine es to the future and complimentary as to the past; he deeply respected one gentleman'! knowledge and another Gentleman's r | talenti; all that man could do he would do to pot is ihattrw WK&iotr;* tfaut (Bight U wtica 1 eould indaeo foreign Governments !o enter into the flowery paths of jvcijiiodiY; but. his alliance, Co Free Trade he altogether reserved, wad could not by any means be trough*, whatever pressure was applied, to. give any-hope, of surrender 011 this poiot. Mr GreenboVwas oomplimeated for his. excellent pamphlet, and the shin-owners cere condoled with for their depressed condition, bat Mr Ingham showed even from that excellent pamphlet itself that from 1818 to"1857 British tonnage had increased 57 per cent.; entrances and clearances8U percent.; in fact, from 12,500,(500 tbns'io^.OOG.obO. What was asserted in the navigation law controversy was, not that foreign tonnage wonld not increase, for it was the very object of the measure that it should do so, bat that while foreign tonnage, increased British tonnage wonld in* crease also; and we regret to say, as Lord Malmesbury has it, that the apprehensions of those who feared an opposite result nave been signally falsified. In this matter we most say the Commooer seems to come better oat of-it'than the Peer.* Lord Malmesbury, while deriving every advantage which is to be goi from the adoption ot Free Trade, relapses on the very first temptation into Protection, while Mr Iogham, though sorely pressed, cannot be induced to com; promise his allegiance to Free Tra. e. After all, there is Some difference between veneering and solid wood,— between deep-seated conviction and. enforced con version,—between a policy which is the result of opinion and an opinion which is the result of policy. Rev Mr. New.—TIus distinguished preacher will officiate at the Baptist Chapel, Aberdeen street to-morrow, Sunday, the 6th February. From what we have heard of this gentleman since he commenced his ministry in Melbourne, we hare authority in stating that a more eloquent and able preacher does not exist in the territory of Victoria 