SIR JOHN SHERBROKE AND GENERAL WYNYARD. These gentlemen'" were, as young men, offi cers in the same regiment, which wob employed on foreign service. They were connected by similarity of tastes and studies, and. spent to- aether, in literary occupation, much of that vacant timo which was squandered by their brother officers in those excesses of the table, which some forty years ago wore considered among the necessary accompliihmcnts of the military character. They were one afternoon sitting in Wynyard's apartment. It was per fectly light, the hour was about four o'clock : they had dined, but neither of them had drunk wine, and they had retired from tho moss to continue together the occupations of the morn ing. It ought to have been said that the apartment in which they were had two doors in it, the one oponing into a passage, and the other leading into Wynyard's bedroom. There was no other means of entering the sitting room but from the passage, and no other egress from the bedroom but through the sitting room, so that any person passing into the bedroom must have remained there, unless he returned by the way ho entered. This point is of con- quence fo the story. As these two young officers were pursuing their studies, Shcrbroke, whose eyes happened accidentally to glance from the volume before him towards the door that oponed to the pas- sage, observed a tall youth, of about twenty years of age, wlioso appearance was that of ex treme emaciation, standing beside it. Struck with the prcscnoe of a perfect stranger, lie im mediately turned to his friond, who was sitting near him, and directed his attention to the guest who had thus strangely broken in upon their studies. Aejsoon as Wynyard's eyes were turned towards the mysterious visitor, his coun tenance became suddenly agitated. ' I have heard,' says Sir John Sherbroke, ' of a man being as paic as death, but I never saw a hu man face assume the appearance of a corpse except Wynyard's at that moment.' As they looked silently at the form before them — for Wynyara, who seemed to apprehend the im port of the appearance, was deprived of the fa- cully of speech, and Sherbroke, perceiving the agitation of his friend, felt no inclination to ad dress it — as they looked silently upon the figure it proceeded slowly into the adjoining apartment, and, in the act of passing them, cast its eyes witli an expression of somewhat melancholy affection upon young Wynyard. The oppression of this extraordinary presence was no sooner removed, than Wynyard, seizing his friend by the arm and drawing a deep breath, as if recovering from the suffocation of intense astonishment and emotion, muttered in a low and almost inaudible tone of voice, 'Great God! ray brother!' ' Your brother !' repeated Sherbroke, ' what can you mean, Wynyard ? there must be some deception — follow me;' and immediately taking his friend by the arm, he preceded him into the bedroom, which, as before stated, was connected with the sitting room, and into ivhich the stranger visi tor had evidently entered. It has already been said that from this chamber there was no possi bility of withdrawing but by the way of the apartment through which the figure had cer tainly passed, and as certainly never hadreiurn- ed. Imagine, then, the astonishment of the young officers, when, on finding themselves in the centre of the chamber, they perceived that the room was perfectly untenanted. Wynyard's mind had received an impression at the first moment of observing him, that the figure whom he had seen was the spirit of his brother. Sher broke still persevered in strenuously believing that some delusion had been practised. They took note of the day and hour in which the event had happened; but they resolved not to mention the occurrence in the regiment, and gradually they persuaded each other tbat they had been imposed upon by some artifice of their fellow officers, though they could neither account for the reason, nor suspect the author, nor conceive the means of its execution. They were content to imagine anything possible, ra ther than admit the possibility of a supernatu ral appearance, But though they bad attemp ted these stratagems of self-delusion, Wynyard could not help expressing his solicitude with respect to the safety of the brother whose ap parition he had either seen, or imagined himself to have seen ; and the anxiety which he exhi bited for letters from England, and his frequent mention of his fears for his brother's health, at length awakened the curiosity of his comrades, and eventually betrayed him into a declaration of the circumstances which he had in vain en deavored to conceal. The story of the silent and unbidden visitor was no Booner bruited abroad, than the deBtiny of Wynyard's brother became an object of universal and painful inte rest to the officers of the regiment ; there were few that did not inquire for Wynyard's letters before they made any demand after their own; and the packets that arrived from England were welcomed with more than usual eagerness, for they brought not only remembrances from their friends at home, but promised to afford the clue to the mystery which had happened among themselves. By the first ships no intelligence relating to the story could have been received, for they had all departed from England previously to tho appearance of the spirit. At length the long wislied-for vessel arrived ; all the officers had letters except Wynyard. Still the secret was unexplained. They examined the several newspapers, but they contained no mention of any death, or of any other circumstance con nected with his family that could account for the preternatural event. There was a solitary letter for Sherbroke still unopened. The offi cers had received their letters in the mess-room at the hour of supper. After Sherbroke had broken the seal of his -last packet, and cast a glance on its contents, he beckoned his friend away from tho company, and departed from the room. All were silent. The suspense of the interest was now at its climax ; the impa tience for the return of Sherbroke wus inexpres sible. They doubted not but that the letter had contained the long-expected intelligence. After the interval of an hour Sherbroke joined them. No one dare be guilty of so great a rudeness as to inquire the nature of his corres pondence ; but they waited in muto attention, expecting that he would himself touch upon the subject. His mind was manifestly full of thoughts that pained, bewildered, and oppres sed him. He drew near to the fireplace, and ! resting his head on the mautcl-piecc, after a pause of some moments, said in a low voice to the person who was nearest to him, ' Wyn yard' s brother is no morel' The first line of Sherbroke's letter was, ' Dear John, break to your friend Wynyard the death of his favorite brother.' He hud died ou tho day, and at tho very hour on which the friends had seen his spirit pass so mysteriously through the apart- mcut. it might huvo bcuu imagined that these ovenls would have been sufficient to have im pressed the mind of Sherbroke with the con- viction of their truth ; but so strong was his prepossession against the existence, or even the possibility of an preternatural intercourse with the souls of the dead, that he still entertained a doubt of the report of his senses, supported, as their testimony was, by tho coincidence of vision and event. Some years aftor, on his re turn to England, he was walking with two gentlemen in Piccadilly, when, on the opposite side of the way, he saw a person bearing the most striking resemblance to the figure which had been disclosed to Wynyard and him self. His companions were acquainted with the story ; and he instantly directed their at tention to the gentleman opposite, as the indi vidual who had contrived to enter and depart from Wynyard's apartments without their be ing conscious of the means. Full of this im pression, he immediately went over, and at once addressed the gentleman ; he now fully expected to elucidate the mystery. He apolo gised for the interruption, but excused it by relating the occurrence which had induced him to commit this solecism in manners. The gen tleman received him as a friend. He had never been out of the country ; but he was the twin brother of the youth whoso spirit bad been seen. The story is related with several variations. It is sometimes told as having happened at Gibraltar, at others in England, at others in America. Tho»o oru al30 differences with res pect to the conclusion. Some say that tho gentleman whom Sir John Shorbroke after wards met in Loudon, and addressed as tile person whom he had. previously seen in so mys terious a manner, was not another brother of Genoral Wynyard, but a gentleman who had a strong resemblance to tho family. But, how ever, the leading facts in every account are the same. Sir John Sherbroke and General Wyn yard, two gentlemen of veracity, were together present at the spiritual appearance of the bro ther of General Wynyard : the appearance took place at the moment of dissolution ; and the countenance, and form of the ghost's figure, were so distinctly impressed upon the memory of Sir John Sherbroke — to whom the living man had been unknown — that on accidentally meeting with his likeness, lie perceived and acknowledged the resemblance. — Ennemoser's History of Mayic. The Lady Anna Boleyn, Her Unplea sant Habit of Laughing.— We are disposed to think that in a very early stage of her inter course with Henry VIII. she had irritated the king by one indication' of mental imbecility rarely understood even amongst medical men —namely; the offensive habit of laughing pro fusely without the least sense of anything ridi culous or comic. Oxford, or at least one of them who shot at the Queen, was signally dis tinguished by this habit. Without reason or pretext, he would break out into causelees laughter, not connected with any impulse he could explain. With this infirmity Anna Boleyn was plagued in excess. On the 2nd of May; 153G, the very first day on which she was made aware of the dreadful accusations hanging over her good name and her. life, on being committed to the Tower, and taken by Sir William Kingston, the governor, to the very same chambers in which she had lain at the period of her coronation, she said, ' It (meaning the suite of rooms) is too good for me ; Jesu, have mercy on me ;' she next kneeled down, weeping a great space.' Such are Sir William's words ; immediately after which he adds, ' and in the same sorry fell in to a great laughing.' A day or two later than this, she said ' Master Kingston, shall I die without justice?' — meaning, it seems, would she be put to death without any judicial exami nation of her case ; upon which Sir William replied. ' The poorest subject the king hath, had justice ' — meaning previously to such exa mination of his case, he could not b"£ regular course of justice be put to death. Such was the question of the prisoner — such the answer of the king's representative. What occasion was here suggested for rational laughter ? And yet laughter was her sole comment. ' There with,' says Sir William; she laughed.' On May 18, being the day next before that of her execution, she said, ' Master Kingston, 1 hear say I shall not die afore noon, and I am very sorry therefore, for I thought to be dead by this time, and past my pain.'' Upon this Sir William assured her ' it should be no pain, it was too Bubtile ;' meaning thattthe stroke of a sword by a powerful man, applied to a slender neck, could not meet resistance enough to cause any serious pain. She replied, ' I heard say the executioner was very good, and I have a little neck after which she laughed heartily. -Sir "William so much misunderstood this laugh ter, which was doubtless of the same morbid and idiotic character as all the previous cases, that he supposes her to have had ' much joy and pleasure in death,' which is a mere miscon struction of the case. Even in the very act of dying she could not check her smiling, which assuredly was as morbid in its quality and ori gin as what of old was known as ' risus sardo- nicus.'— Thomas de Quincy. A Leviathan Brewery. — There is at pre sent in process of erection at Burton-on-Trent, by Messrs. Baker and Sons, of Stangatc, a brewery, which, when completed, will cover nearly four acres of land, and present one Jacude of more than a quarter of a mile in length. This brewery, which has been desigu- cd for Messrs. Samuel Allsopp and Sons, is intended for the exclusive production of East India pale ale, for which beverage the demand, both home and foreign, has of late so largely increased that all existing means of supply have altogether failed. In proof of this fact it may he mentioned that recently, when the Council for India invited tenders for 36,000 hogsheads of pale ale for the troops in India, only about half the quantity was competed for, and that portion chiefly by London brewers. Messrs. Allsopps, new brewery adjoins the railway sta tion at Burton, and will form an important ad dition to the industrial establishments of that busy town. There are at present nearly 500 artisans employed upon the works, which are to be completed under a heavy fine early in February", The contract for tho shell, or first portion of the building, amounted to £83,400, that being the lowest tepder of thirteen Bub- milted by the principal Loudon houses. Tho architects are Messrs. Hunt and Stephenson, the Government Surveyors, of Parliament- street, who aro assisted in the engineering ope rations bv Mr. 11. Davison, of London-street. — Times. Postponement op Land Sale. — The land sale advertised to take place at Maldon, on the ICth, 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st inst., is postponed until the 25th aud following days, iu consequence of the Court of Mines and County Court being fixed for the days first named. - Lands for Selection. — Lands arc advertised as opon for selection iu the district ofCastlcmaine, at Mucklcford, Elphinstonc, Holcombo, Guild ford, Baringhup, Franklin, Tarnagulla, Glcnlyon, Eglinton, (at Mount Greenock Creek), Yandoit, Harcourt, Faraday, Bradford, and Maldon. 