TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1859. We aro borry to find a Christian minister, whose high office, whoso scho- lastic attainments, and whose porsonal character, entitle him to our respect, condescending to stigmatise as " infidel " a political doctrine from which ho happens to dissent. llomenibering Who was crucified on a charge of blasphemy, we think that Ilis followers should fcsl great hesitation in alleging infidelity against those who entertain opinions at variance with what aro assumed 'to be the orthodox faith and tho orthodox interpretation of Holy "Writ. In commenting upon tho passage oitod from W.'Von Humboldt, the Bishop of Molbourne seems to have fallen into a confusion of terms, and to havo con- cluded that a limitation of tho activity of the State (the word being used as synonymous with Government) in tlic direction of religion, implied a national negation of belief, and would involve a prohibition of all punishment which .would ho otherwise incurred by certain classes of offenders. Such a conclusion is illogical, and directly opposed to tho las't clause of the proposition quoted. We do not feel it incumbent upon us to do fend tho German philosopher from tho imputation of being an " infidel," or of promulgating "infidel" doctrines, but wo may remark, in passing, that few persons could road his "Essay on the Sphere " and Duties of Government," without being strongly impressed by tho olevatei morality and natural piety of its tone. He opposqs the interference of the Stato with mattors concerning religion, for tho following reasons :-1, because tho Stato itself would be obliged to supply som.3 definite interpretation of fjhc terra rou giousiiess, before it could apply it ui airy way as a clear rule of con- duct;""^, because ho absolutely de pies tho possibility of any Stato interference in roligious aflairj which should not be more orless charge- able'with encouraging certain distinct opinions, and did not thereforo admit the application of prinoiples and argu- ments dorivable from the supposition of such a partial tendency; and 3, be- cause no such interference could talc» place without the implication of sonó guiding and controlling influence-some drag and hindrance, as it were, upon the liberty of the individual. But if our right reverend correspon- dent objects to tho testimony of the German philosopher, perhaps wo may Le allowed to call into court a digoitarj of the Church of England, and to ousts 1I10 published opinions of the Rer' Sydney Smith upon the point at issue: " To go to church," lie observes, " is a dut/ of tho greatest possible importance ; and on tin 1 Insphemy and vulgau'ty of swearing there 011 bo hut one opinion. Mt such duties an no1 fe objects of legislation; thoy must bo left to tin general f,tato of public sentiment, which senti- ment must ho influenced by example, by tin exei lions of the Pulpit and tho Press, and, abova all, by education. Tho. fcav of God can nover he taught hy constables, nor tho pleasures of i eligion bo learnt from a common informer." Similar in effect is the protest re- corded against an illegitimate inter- ference with the rightful liberty of the individual, by Mr. John Stuart Milu, who remarks that " The only ground upon which restrictions 011 Sunday amusements can bo ended, must he tli at they aro religiously wiong; a motive of le- gislation which novel can be too earnestly pro- tested Jagainst. Dcorum injuria: Diis eural. It remains to he proved that society, or any of its officers, holds a commission from on high to avengo nny supposed offonce to Omnipotoaos, which is not also a vv 1 ong to our fellow oroaturei. The notion that it is ono man's duty that another should bo religious, vins tlio foundation of all the religious persecutions over perpotratcd, and if admitted would fully justify thom. Though the fooling «liich breaks out in the repeated attempt» to stop rnilway travelling on Sunday, in tho re- sistance to the openiug of muséums and tho Hks, lins [not tho cruelty of tho old persecutors, the stato of mind indicated by it is fundamentally th 3 same. It is a dotenninntioti not to tolcrnto otlioraiu doing what is permitted by thoir religion, bocauso it is not permitted by tho persecutor's roligion. It is a belief that God not only nhomiimtos the act of tito misbeliever, but will not hold us guilt- less if wo loavo him unmolested." The Bishop of Melbourne objects ti the running of Sunday excursion trains, that they compel the railway officers and others to work on that day, but, aï Mr. Mihi» has very well put it, " the " useful recreation of many is worth the " labour of a few, provided the ocoupa " tion is freely choson, and can bo freely " resigned;" and wo should think there is nothing to prevent the railway autho- rities making such arrangements as Mould exempt the drivers, guards, porters, and others, from duty everj other Sunday, and as would enable those who felt conscientious scruples against w01 Icing on that day to refrain alto- gether from so doing. "Wo cannot imagine that any officer in the railway department would be called upon to make the choice pointed out by our correspondent, or be subjected to the " in " tolerable tyranny" to which he refers. Ai to the case of tho." pour draymen," that is widely different; and it would be no doubt a far more edifying spec- tacle to witness a general halt of these colonial caravans upon the Sunday, and io sec those who have the charge of thom resorting to thoir respective place ? , of worship, if any such were accessible. Hut wo must take leave to remind our light reverend correspondent that of the 250 loaded drays which are reported t) li ave passed through Kyneton on ¡1 certain Sunday (when, it is fair to presume, the enumerator was not observ- ing the Sabbath so strictly as ho ought to have done), four-fifths were, in all piobability, owned by their drivers,who vt ould, therefore, be disentitled to the compassion solicited in their behalf, ia OMUuoh as they wore free agents in the matter, and prosecuted their journey from choice, and not of necessity. It is our firm conviction that no legis- lation, much less that which is of a Sab- batarian character, will drive men to church, or that, if you could drive them there, they would be the better for it. Suppose the ministers of religion were to try the experiment (institutedby ths highest authority) of taking the churcli to the people. Suppose they endeavour to convert a Sunday excursion to the holiest of uses, and preach to the mul- titude from the greon hill-side, where " Tho gtucious prodigality of nature, Tlio balm, the bliss, the beauty, and tho bloom, Tho bounteous Providence in ovory feature liecnll the good Creator to his orcaturo, Making all earth a fane, all heav'n its dome!" Tlio present method of remunoratiug the Official Assignees is not altogether satisfiiotory. Tlio law only directs that they bliall be paid out of the assets of insolvent estates a reasonable compensa- tion for their sorvioes, which is to ba assessed by the Chief Commissioner, whoso assessment, however, may be re- viewed and varied by a judgo of ths Supreme "Court. Different minds will, of course, entertain very different no- tions ol' what constitutes a reason- able remuneration, and the Assignee? must bo accounted very moderate and unselfish in their views if tho oroditor* aro commonly found to agree with them. Nor is it easy to lay down any general rule of reasonableness. The soale of paymont which is fair in one instance may he quite inadequate or quite exor- bitant in another. According to the usual custom, if wo have not been mis- informed, the Official Assigneo is al- lowed in each case a per-oentage, which ranges from threo to eight pounds, upon tho total valuo of the insolvent's property; and whorovor the scale fluofcuates, the higher sum, weneíd hardly add, will ordinarily bo preferred to the lower. But a little reflection will show that, a per-contage upon the total assets, oven if it fluctuates according to the quantity of work performed by tho Assignee, and that quantity oan be accu- rately estimated, will press somotimes too heavily and sometimes too lightly upon ,the creditors. If the Assignée is to ' be compensated out of their pockets, it' secnia but just that they should reward him in proportion to his trouble. Yet, compare the collection of an estate which consists of a large stock of merchandise, and a few heavy debts, or almost entirely of unencumbered land, with the realisation of the assets of a "etty retail dealer. In the first case, there is not much more to be done than to make an inventory of the goods. The debts ave owed, probably, by a few rich and respectable firms, and are forthwith discharged on demand. The land is brought at once to the ham- mer: the title is good, and buyers come readily forward. But the customers of the small shopkeeper all owe him about five pounds a-piece. They are very slip- pery customers, and it requires more iatienco and perseverance to extract five pounds out of any ono of them, than it takes to persuade a young spendthrift *to squander his whole fortune. On the other hand, if the actual labour of the Official Assignee were alone con cidcred, ami he received so much for every Eum due to the insolvent which ho on deavourcd to gather in, the small estates would bo unable frequently to bear this heavy burden. It happens, indeed, but too often, that the insolvent never in fact possessed a single shilling which he could rightly call his own ; or that he has continued to strugglo on until all his moans have become exhausted, and nothing is left to be distributed amongst his creditors. But occasionally his schedule may exhibit a multitude of trifling items on both sides of the ac- count, and the liabilities may bo as minutely divided as the assets ; and then, if the claimants upon his estate are mon of very slender resources, they cannot afford to bestow a largo slice of the dis- tributable fund upon the most diligent ¡md energetic functionary. Moreover, it is of no slight importance that the servant of the court should be stimu- lated hy some powerful motivo to exertion. Self-interest is the most powciful motive ever yet discovered for that purpose; but neither the system of rewarding him by a per-centage upon the sum total of the insolvent's property, nor upon the sum totil of the debts which may be due, can develop that motive to its fullest force. So far as* the outstanding debts alone are concerned, the spur to his activity will be far greater if his remu- neration is made to depend upon his success in collection. But the plan of giving a premium upon each debt collected, cannot, it is clear, be applied where lands or goods have to be sold, or trouble and responsibility arcincuircd in winding up a business; and wherever the plan is adopted, the rate of premium, to bo equitable, must rim upon a sliding-scalo, rising with the amount of the debt. The question has of late years boen much discussed in England, whethor the Official Assignees ought not to be pid by fixed salaries instead of by fees, Mat present. The prevailing opinion, lo« ever, is in favour of combining loth these modes. The combination ifould preserve the encouragement to industry which is so much desired, while ii would at the same time abate the vio- lence of those fluctuations in thoir iu «imc, from which the Assignees them fdves have grievously suffered. And can vrc solve the problem better than by accepting the solution which English ciperieucc offers to us ? In London, the Official Assignees are obliged at, all /fines to maintain an efficient staff of cle-ife, and almost every one of them lins in some year or other expended moie money upon his establishment of subordinates than he has derived from the profits of. his charge, although the average of their united incomes has seldom fallen much below the standaid of from fifteen hundred to Ino thousand pounds. Our own Victo- rian functionaries will, wo trust, know bow to dispense with a costly body of clerks for a long while to come, notwith- standing the very painful whitewashing sickness which is just now raging in commercial circles. Nevertheless, they will not probably regret, nor will the public, we should think, object, to see a competence provided for them; and the salary may bo adjusted so as just to furnish thom with board and lodging, and no more. The Kalo of fees must be revised and breed ; and if a scheme can be devised which shall unite the principle of hold- ing out an inducement to zeal and ability in the Assignees, with that of for- bearance towards petty oreditors, a very great hoon will be conferred upon the mercantile community. Both branches of the Legislature nssemblo to ihj, after tho adjournment. Tho meeting of the législative Council will only bo pro forma, asno hfiness can be transacted, Wednesday being tamed in the sessional an niigomont as the first ¿V of tho week ou which tho House moots for tlic despatch of business. The adjournment ratilto-dnywas an error, which was not ascor UitiDd until after tho question liad been pul and "tried, nnd could not, thoroforo, be rectifiod. íbero is ,i most formidable notice-paper awaiting Ihc attention of the Assembly, embracing almost Wnj political question at present beforo the (nmtry-from a Land soliemo on a basis pro ptcil by Mr. Loader, to tho recognition of tlio ejIiHiours system by Mr. Don, and payment of nimbéis by Mr. Barton. Tho change in tlio Aiiiiinistiotion, mid the knowledge that the Go tomment aro prepared to deal with many of the Questions bioachcd, will probably inditoo the ton. members raising thom to postpone thoir » tfidcration in tho meantime. Mr. W. Ji, Bell has issued an address to tho «ltctors *f Evelyn, announcing his intention of tuning Í 1,1 ard as a candidato for the ropreson t*t¡cn of tlut district nt tho next election. Mr. 1'iancis, the Commissioner of Public Works, Wi his maiden levco yesterday. A deputation ?'w Sandhurst waited upon him, for tho purpose, tf persuading lum to placo on the Estimates a 'no of monoy-about £2,000-to rcimburso tho ttwicipaüty of that district for the amount thoy kd expended in clearing a sludge channel. Tlio Mutation dwelt upon tho hardships of thoir tue, and tcforrod to sundry promises nmdo by »'. Duffy, when that gentleman was in ottwjo. *>, no« ever, no record of any previous interview? »tho subject had boen preserved, Mr. Frauoia ^ht that ho was not justified in acceding to T""> gioundcd upon verbal promises only, ospo ."ty«, fiom Mr. Simons' (tlio leader of tlio Rotation) own showing, tho former Government "& evinced a great disinclination to entertain *V of his requests for reimbursement, "'.Francis took occasion to remark that, " 'he Estimates for tho onsuing year virera **% lu tho hands of'/tho' printer, no "utioii cuuW be made to them, but (¿U»i (lu ;&&¥? / deputation bad the power of asking their rcpre sentatives.tomovefornsumof money to bo placed on tilt? Supplementary Estimates. Tho City Council sat yesterday till 0 o'clock, transacting, though not without a, most irregular and unnecessary amount of talking, various im- portant matters of Corporation business. The Public Works Oommittoo, which had been " in- structed" to make largo reductions in tho depart- ment pf salaries, sent bank their former roport j unaltorcd, and after several attempts to frustrate j its adoption, by Counciller J. T. Smith, it wai carried. Tho by-law for tho regulation of boat | men appears to havo given offence to tho lattsr I in some particulars, and was sent back to the \ Legislative Committee for re-considoration. The ¡ Mio for the new fish-market is to he at Prince's Bridge, and the Corporation are about to apply to the Government for a grant of the necessary land. The Council decided ou offering a strong protest against tho construction of a bridgo at the Falls, gil ing the preference to the Spencer-stroot site. The question of the seworago of tho city fell through, owing to the Council boing 'countod out at 0 o'clock. | A meeting of the shareholders of tho Victoria Coal Mining Company was held last evening, at tho Criterion Hotel. It lins unanimously agreed that the company should be at once dissolved, ' and that another, to bo tormed tho "Viotorii Coal Company," be substituted, tho capital to consist of £25,000, in shares of £5 each. It was further agreed that tho now company should apply to Parliament for a Bill, and tho fol- lowing provisional directors were appointod : Messrs. House, Quartorman, N". Levy, J. M'Orae, Vf. Clarko, jim., Butters, and Thompson, with power to aeld to their number. Yesterday Victoria lost a genuine sportsman in the person of Mr. Redwood, tho owner of Strop, Miss Bowe, and Io. This gontleman, although but a short time in tho colony, has, by his un- affected simplicity and storling honesty, gained "golden opinions from all sorts of mon." He leaves, wo aro convinced, with the rogrot of all who have mot with him personally, or havo had any opportunity of knowing what manuer of man lie is. Though unfortunate in his venture-lie must have oxpended botwocn £2,000 and £3,003 on his horsos, first and last-Mr. Redwood loft Melbourne as happy as ho lauded. It reflected but little credit upon our sporting men that hardly a gontleman known upon the Victorian turf wa i on tho Wharf yesterday, to say " Good-byo"whei the City of Sydney cast off. We learn that the 200 German masons who arrived in this colony from Hamburg, in the Olympia, on Saturday last, have been visited by delegates from the Masons' Society, mid that, in consequence of the representations made to them, they have refused to adhere to the contract signed by them in Germany. They have, nevertheless, been permitted to come ashore, and it is probable that they will think better of their resolve; the more so that, as far us we can ascertain, the Masons' Society have made them no offers of pe- cuniary assistance. The first batch of Germans who came out under a contract with Messrs. Cornish and Bruce, and who were influenced by the Union to break the terms of their agreement, have, almost all of them, returned to their work, and are now employed on differents portions of the railway. In the meantime, the legality of the question is about to be tried in one of the Courts. Tho Municipal Council of Hotham Ward hold their weekly meeting last evening, Councillor Davies in tho chair. Among the letters read by the Ton n Clerk were copies of tv. o letters from the Council, one to tho Chief Commissioner of Polico, and another to the Attoruoy-Goneral, ap- plying for tlio establishment of a Court of Petty Sessions in the new municipality. No answer bael as yet been returned to the applications Councillor King brought up a roport from ti o Filíanos Committee, which rocommonded the payment of £93 17s. Od. for sundry picliminary expenses. The report was itdoptcd. It was moved by Councillor Cat- tanach, seconded by Councillor Flannagan, and resolved-" That the Public Works Comimttes be instructed to examino mid repoit upon a pro por cito for a town hall and markets, with a view to apply to the Board of Lund, and Public Works for a grant of land for those purposes." It w is movid by Councillor Cook, seconded by Coun- cillor Cattanach, and resolved- " Tlint tho Com- missioner of Hoads and Bridges be communicated with, und his attention called to the necessity of raising a portion of the Flemington-road, between Blackwood and Wrcckyn streets, in order to turn the storm-water into the latter btreot, instca 1 of info private property." It was moved by Coun- cillor Flannagan, seoondo oy Councillor Bunde, anti resoliod-" That application bo mado to the Poslmuster-Generul for two oxtra ycceiving-boxos for letters, iinel that a Blanch Poil OlTtco bo established in the municipality." Tho Council then adjourned. Considerable ilissatKfaction exists in Fitzroy, at the attempt on tho part of the Municipal Council to levy an " eigliteon-penuy" rato for the ensuing year, and a publio meeting is called fo .. this evening, to protest against tho impost, The pi oposal raines the question of tho soundness of the principio on which tho Government grant in aid of municipalities is distributed. In the prä- sent caso a greatly improved and comparatively ?wealthy municipality seeks to levy a heavy rate, for .tlio purpose of securin a larger sum from the Government than it would otherwise obtain, obviously to tho disadvantage of poorer mid less populous districts, which hart» extended boundaries and miles of ' houseless streets nocossary for tho traffic from one part of tho suburbs to the other, but maintained ntt great cost to tho municipalities in which thoy are situated. The Council of Fitzroy havo boon accused of oxpending the imiuenso sums ivhioh pusseel through their hands hist year somewhat lavishly- at least so say'ji large portion of the ratepayers, who nppeal to tho tonantless orcction. called Fitzroy Markot as a proof. The requisi- tion requesting the Hon. Mr. Vaughan, the Chairman, to convene tho moeting this evening has received ii largo numbor of influential signa- tures. The Municipal Council of Emerald Hill met yosterday evening, Dr. Palk in the chair. Ths only question of general interest brought before the members was that of the cession of a certain ' portion of the river frontage claimed by lümcral I Hill to the municipality in embryo of Sandridge. It was arranged that the matter should bo siu mittcd to a publie meeting of the ratepayers, to be held in tho Mechanics' Institute on Woelnosday evening. It was agreed that drinkiug-taps should be affixed to the lamp-posts, as in Molbourno, au I that application should be made to the Govern- ment for a quarry, at Williamstown or elsewhere, from which to got road-metal. Two applications for exemptions from assessment were brought before the Council, the one from the Sewerage and Water Commissioners, claiming freedom from toll on the Sandridge-road ; and the other from the Chinese Joss-house authorities, requesting that the building usedl as a "Chinese Church" might be exempted from rates. With the former application the Council decided they had no power to deal ; and as regards the latter, several members, stated, from their own know- ledge, that the Joss-house was not a place for religious worship, in the usual acceptation of the term, it being made to serve the purpose of a boarding-house, store, and general registry of prices current for Chinese produce. The relief prayed for was accordingly refused. The Brunswick Municipolity, with a nn,t praiseworthy perseverance, have nguiu urged their claims upon tho Government. Yosterday ¡i deputation from that district waited upon tin hon. tho Commissioner of bunds mid Survey, 11 petition him to induce the Government to remo i j the tollgate at the south end of the municipality. On referring^ vurious officiai records, Mr. "crude dlstttveiyi'Uhat tho,saiuo requci'tliml fre- quently leuuma'C-tu hh..jni!iJfccei_or«, and lui always boen negatived; lie thereupon expressed his surprise that the deputation had not prepared themselves with somo.more cogent argumenta than those adduced by them, inasmuch as thoy did- not in the least diffor from those placed on. record. The deputation dwelt at great length upon tho grievances they at present suffored, and tho lamentable stato to which, through oppressive tolls, thoir township would shortly bo roduced. Mr. Service, however, refused to hold out any hopo to them, and stated his intention of abiding by tho decision of former Governments. Wo aro informed that on Saturday evening,, during the progress of the performances at tho Thcntro Boyal, a sum of £31 was abstracted from the pockets of Mr. Sherwin's ordinary habili mon Is which he had left in his dressing-room. Tlio dotectives wore promptly apprised of the circumstances and, as we understand, search warrants wero issued, with the view of securing the ¡recovery of tho property. Tho return match between tho Abbotsford and Koyal Park Cricket Clubs took place on Satur- day, when Abbotsford won by 35 innis. Murphy, M'Donald, and Stephen appear to havo been tho great guns on tho winning side. Upon the other Ellis carno nearest to malting a double figure. ' . A littlo boy named Hill, whose paronts reside .in tho rear of a houso in a right-of-way opposite the Morning Star public-house in Littlo Bourke Btreet, was yesterday found drowned in a tub of water on the premisos of its parents. Tho child, who was only two years of ago, and had boon seen playing about, being suddenly missed by its mother, wa found by hor a abovo described. At Fitzroy Police Court yesterday William, Nelson was fined £10, with 20s. costs, for attempting illegally to remove proporty. It ap- peared that the defendant's brothor had been in partnership with a Mr. Pitchiorth ; thoy quar- relled ; and tho defendant, espousing the cauio of his relative, proceeded, accompanied by assistants, at an early hour yesterday morning to the premises occupied by the copartnory, and forced an ontranco, for the purpose of removing some of tho proporty, which he alleged belonged to his brothor. A policeman was sent for, and ho was arrested. Tho defendant assumed tho responsibility of the acts of his subordinates, and wns fined as stated nbovo. j Last ovoning, shortly before 12 o'clock, a firo broko out between Stoke-stroet and Railway- ' plnco, Sandridge. At first' it was supposed by people in Melbourno to bo another caso of ship burning, and the lurid glare which was reflected over tho city gave the appearance of a vory largo conflagration. The firo, however, was confine I to two weather- boarded houses, tho proporty of Mr. Firth, of the firm of Mason and Firth, ono only of which was occupied. The tenant was a man of the name of Robinson. Both houses wero completely destroyed, in spite of the oxertions of tho mon working the engino belonging to tho United Insurnnco Com- pany, kept at Sandridge. Tlio Melbourno and Emerald Hill Brigades were promptly on the spot, but their services wero not called into requisition. At present the origin o£ tlio fire is not known ; but it is said that it com- menced in the unoccupied houso. Fortunately, the premises were detached, or, owing to tho high wind blowing at tho time, and the fact that the only supply of water was that afforded by carts, tho damago dono would no doubt hare boon much greater. The spoctaclo of " Aznel" was produced last night at the Olympio Theatro, deriving more than ordinary interest from the presence of the " six living camels," which aro becoming quita an "institution" amongst us. Tho principal characters wore supported by Messrs. It. Younge, Bellah, and Webster; and by Miss Rosa Dunn. Miss Rose Edouin mntlo a vory eftectivo Lia, and tho littlo Julia Edouin an unexceptionable Spirit of tho Desert. . Mr. W. II. Maddock«, a tragedian recently arrived in the colony from tho London and Dub- lin theatres, mado his first appearance at the Princess's Theatre last night, in tho character of Hamlet. Although of years moro maturo than thoso nt which it is generally supposed tho part can bo sustained with perfect vraisemblance, Mr, Maddocks played with nn ability which satisfied tho audionce, and mot most of tho requirements of correct tasto. Ho is unusually tall, and possesses a good sttigo address. His voico is powerful, and well modulated, but there is occa- sionally a. tendency to drag tho toxt too slowly, and a dropping in tho tone, which operates disad vnntngcously. Mr. Maddocks is ovidontly an ador of considerable oxporience, and his intelli- gent and natural stylo is not likely to romain un- appreciated. Miss F. Morgan was the Ophelia, nnd fully sustained lier reputation. Mr. H. Edwards played tho Ghost well, but withal a littlo monotonously. Tho tragedy gonorally was effectively cast. 