TIIE" CONFESSIONAL IN THE t SCHUROII OF ENGLAND. \- i usroaTANT runLla USaTIna AT DuanY. q On Tuesday evening, 30th November, a a public meeting of nmembers of the Church of England was held in the Temperance p Hall, Derby, to consider certain resolutions to be proposed protesting against the pra- e. tie' of Auricular Confession and Priestly I Absolution in the Church. The chair was occupied by T. W. c Evans, Esq., M.P., who on ascending the c platform was received with cheers. t After prayer by the Rev. J. Wilson, a The Chairman observed,-Theywere all a aware, and there was no occasion to dis- t guise the fact, that during the last thirty I years serious innovations had been intro- d dduced, or attempted to be introduced, into t1 the Church of England. Some persons I considered them important; others did e not. So long as he had not considered n them of vital importance he had not con- a sidered it necessary to eater his public I protest against the proposed changes, t though he had never hesitated to express o ,his conscientious opinion in private, as he tl :r was willing to allow that liberty to others t which lie claimed for himself from those I who differed from him. But the occasion a on which they had met together that day ii was not an ordinary one. Tile innovatio ii now attempted to be Introduced into thlt Church was no mere question of altar tl cloths or surplices, but ol vital importance, o affecting in a 'great degree tihe morality p of the country, and affecting, above all, p that religious liberty they so highly prized. v (Clleers. lHe wished to guard himself C froin being misunderstood. In the first t1 place, he wished it to be understood that a he did not intend to make any attack on ti the Church of Rome. What they had tl met for that night was not to upset a foe a from without, but an Insiduous attack from I within-(cheers-and therefore if he found v it necessary to make allusion to the Roman b Catholic Church It would be because that fi in the practices insisted upon by that p Church he could find better illustrations u than he could do anywhere else. He be- ih lieved the passages on which this system o was endeavored to be founded were two- v one being in tlhe Communion Service, and fi the other in ithe Visitation of the Sick. a In the first place, with regard to the pas sages in the Communion Service, (which he C read) he thought it could hardly be interred ii from that that tihe Church of England sane- J tioned private confession except upon & occasions specially mentioned; but what it he particularly wanted to maintain was ti this, that Ihe thought it a strange wresting o of language for any minister to suppose Ihe t had authority to administer privateconfes- n sion from what was there stated. In the other passage, in the Visitation of the t Sick, alter the minister has exhorted the I sick man, the rubric proceeds, " Hero shall p the sick nman be moved to make a special confession of his sins, and if lihe feel his conscience troubled with any weighty 1 matter. After which confession the priest - shall absolve him (if he humbly andi heartily desire It) after this sort." Now c It should always be remembered that the a Reformation in England took place some- t what suddenly, and that immediately on the ctoange being mnade mty tpersons.felt acrul tes at ottitting certain thinis whichl heed been laid down as their duty before. It was i somewhat singular that its the earlier i edition of the rubric, that of 1549, this e passage was left-" and the same form of c absolution shall be used itn all private con- f fessions," but that when the Prayer-book was altered and revised in 1552 it was I struck out, because it savored of super stitiont, and because it had been left in thiat 1 the change should not be effected too sud denly. (Blear, hear.) But after all, what 1 could be made of the passage before re ferred to? It merely appeared from it that if a sick person was troubled with any n weighty matter he be exhorted to make a t confession of it, and that the clergyman I perform absolution. Now lot them con trast this with the formularies of the Church of Iome, where the directions I were minute and particular beyond all belief. In the Church of Rome confession was surrounded by all kinds of safeguards. No priest was allowed to perform the oflice unless he had a license to do so, and he was bound by an oath of secreay. If confession was introduced into the Church of England as matters now stood, it would be far more dangerous than in the Church of Rome. Mr. Evans then referred to the Catechism which had been found in circu lation in the large parish of St. George's in the East. From this catechism he quoted remarks upon the commandments and ite ordinances of the Church, and also the various questions to be asked of conmmuni cants, tile very form of the words appear ing, he said, to follow as closely as possible those contained in the catechlism pf the Church of Rome. lie had nowvendeavored to show that the system which it was sought to introduce ttto certain parts of the metropolis, was not in accordance with the articles of the Church which they all so deeply loved. But, taking higher ground for this movement, lie raised his voice against Auricular Confession, because he believed it to be entirely unanuthorised by the Word of God; becatuse lhe believed the practice to be dangerous to morality, and subversive of thlat religious liberty which as Englishmen and Protestants they so deeply prized. Tile practice of Au ricular Confession was perfectly conlsitent with the Church of Itonie. They linhad their Auricular Confession from very early times, and by means of it they had placed the laity in a degree of subservience to the priests, but it was entirely foreign to the principles of the Church of England. ([lear, hear.) lie had been sometimes accusetd of not express ing his religious principles strongly enough. Certainly he had never joined ia the "No Popery" cries, and the reason was, that is he prized religious lilhrty hitmself, he was anxious others should enjoy it also. Before he sat down he would express his hope that none of them would magnify the danger by endeavouring to exaggerate it. Tlose who sought to introduce the practice in question were a very small minority it the Church, and it had not met with the approval of the laity. At the same tinc, Ithe considered it the duty of those who opposed It to enter their protest in time. 'ite lev WV. F'. Wilkintson, B1. A,., vicar of St. Wcrbourghs, Derby, on risiug to move the first resolution, was received tl with loud applause. Ies said-I feel that n it is eminentl) an emphatically a laymen'sp question. "And this is implied in the ob servations of the cbairman, for those into- vations to which he has alluded the preaching of the doctrine of transubstantia- tion, the bowings, and turnings, and genuflexions, and mutterings, and mum- meries, by which the solemn and simple service of our reformed church has been caricatured; the alter cloths, crosses, candlesticks and candles, and other decora- tions of churches-have been felt to be matters within the province of the clergy alone; they could introduce these innova. tions whether the laity liked them or no. a But the case is very different with Auricular Confession. For this innovation the concurrence of the laity is necessary. You are no longer called upon to be hear- ers or spectators only, but actors. This nefarious and treasonable plot against our national church and our national Protestantism cannot succeed unless you, the laity, will become accomplices. It is of no use establishing the Confessional the people will not come to confess: And this I trust you will not do. And further, I believe that when the laity of our church are fully aware of the dangers of this introduction they will rise as one man and insist that those of the clergy who are chargeable with it shall be deprived of their functions as ministers of the Church of England, and banished to thoe proper pale. (Applauso.) In speaking of this practice it is natural that we should ask whence is it derived, on what is it founded ? One would expect that persons calling themselves ministers of the Word of God would allege the authority of Holy Scrip- ture for any doctrine or practice for which they contend. Now theological learning and biblical criticism in the Church of England might to our great advantage be very considerably improved, but men who have received an education in preparation for the ministry of our church--in our public schools, our common schools, our universities, and even our theological col- leges—are too well acquainted with the ordinary principles of interpretation to venture to bring forward a single passage from the New Testament as distinctly authorising the practice of secret or private confession. I am aware that Roman t Catholic divines allege various passages in its favor; for example, the words of St. James, " confess your faults one to another," &c.; But who does not see that this is an injunction to those who have given offence to their neighbor, to acknowledge their offence to them ? So clear this is that the text has been abandoned by some of the most eminent writers as an authority for Auricular Confession. Then they adduce the case of the ten lepers, to whom our Lord said, "Go, show yourselves to the priests," as a proof that we must go to the priests of their church for cleansing of sin, forgetting that, before they reached the priests, "as they went they were healed," -healed by the grace of the Omnipotent Saviour alone. Again, the interview of our Lord with the woman of Samaria is a alleged as a case of Auricular Confession, s because she said to her fellow-countrymen, "Comie, see a man that told me all thinigs that ever I did." The discovery of her iins by the omniscience of Christ, y it is maintained, has its parallel 1 in the priest's discovery of sins by the I confession of the penitent I And, againi an I argument for the practice is found in the fact that the woman taken in adullery I1 was left alone with Jesus, aind that then n he pronounced the absolution of her sins. I Such miserable perversion's of Holy Scrip- a ture may pass current for theology in St. t Omer, in Stoneyhurst, or in Mlaynooth, C but those who know what an ordinary good a English education is, will not dare to pro- F pound them in congregations which ma n comprehend a few boys fitmiliar with the l common rules of the construction and in- Ii terpretation of language. But the practice of Auricular Confession is said to be justified, if not by Scripture, yet by cer- t tain passages in the formularies of the c Church. These have been already nioticed and explained historically and critically s by our hon. chairman. And I would re. t for you to the admirable charge of the c Bishop of London, from which ihe has quoted, for satisfaction on this point. Let c ie only say with regard to the office for the Visitation of the Sick, which provides I for the confession of silns, and retains a t form of absolution, that this office was I never intended to be used.in secret; that I it is plain fiocm the language of it that I other persons are expected to be present besides the sick person and the minister, and that therefore there is in it no autho rity for private, secret confession (hear, hear). Again, there ore in it several specialities which should be remarked. lirst, it is special to the case of sickness; the second special point is that the sins to be confessed must be of a very grievous character, so that the confession is like that which we all naturally wish a male factor to make before an execution ; the third specially is that these grievous sins must be a burden on tihe conscience which cannot otherwise be got rid ot; anid, fourthly, the absolution is special, only to be administered if the sick person shall " humbly and heartily desire it." But I acknowledge that I do not care to pursue an argument in defence of this service. Framed to meet the scruples of those who were only half reformed from Rotmanislt, we do not need it now that our Church is, on oUouT To uE, entirely reformed. And therefore, If in the judgment of impartial men this service appears to countenance the practice of Auricular Confession and priestly absolution, LET IT nE nEvlsED; .LET IT a? ALTEIED ;. I.ET IT IT E X PUNGoD. Hlowever, for the present there it is in our Prayer Book, and we must make the best of it; or, we may make the worst of it. 1We may make the best of it if our sympathlies are with what is good, the worst of it if they are with what is evil; the best of it if we are on the side of Scripture, the worst of it if wve are on thle side of tradition; tile best of it with thie liomily, and Hooker, and Bishlop T'ait, or the worst of it withl the Roman isiug clergy of St. George's and St. Bar nabas. lht again I asck whence is tile practice of Auricular Confession, as lately ictroduliced among us reallyderlved P It would ie a very sifferent thing front whatt it sla if taken honestly and exclusively from the formularies of our Church. Bu3t t is c, not so derived. It Is derived bodily, in II principle antd practice, in its whole sub. a stance, form, and methellod, and in its ti minutest details, from the formularies and tl manuals of the Church of Rome. You o have heard from the chaireman the testi. I morny of the Blshop of London as to the tl mode of its administration adopted by t some of his elergy. Ile hlas also read to a you from the Catechism In circulation In p the parish of St. George's it the East thie t instruction given as to tlhe form in which tt corfession Is to be made. These are al- n most precisely tbesante with what we find at in Roman Catholic books. I have here ' another publication circulated by the pro- al moters of Auricular Confession in our fe Clhnrch, called a " Manual for Confession," fe in which the same fact is abundantly Ce apparent. On the first page it stares that ti " in this holy ordinance (confesslon) our cl Saviour Christ has deposited his most in precious blood to be a life-giving fountain ca to wash our souls from the well of sin. . ci Christ's most precious blood is thus up. n0 plied to all those souls who come to con- it fesslon with proper' dispositions." As to ti the form of confession, I read at page 28 p. the following directions-"In confessing, tl you may follow this method : when you p kneel down say secretly, In the name of tc the Father, and of the Son, anti of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then aloud-I con less to God Cite Father Almighty, and to IHis only begotten Son Jesus Chriht our Lord, and to God the Holy Ghost, andl before the whole company of heaven, and w biefore you, my father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, a through my fault, throuth my own fault, it through my owve most grievous fault, by," w . As to the nature of tihe confession P inculcated, we are told-" The confession P must be entire. You must ot thide any sins whleh you can remember, not even Ii those which you may consider light sins 81 much less any great and deadly sins. To conceal wilfully any deadly siln is most grievous sacrilege. Whatever lies at all cI upon your conscience must be confessed. 0 Be as exact as possible as to the number of times each sin has been committed, re- tl lating also any circumstances which may have aggravated theo sin.- . . . If you b should fad difficulty in confessing any sin, tell your confessor you have something on your mind which you find it hard to toll. a Soels persons from a fatse shanle conceal b the very thing which is gtnawing them to c the heart, &c.; Tell your confessor of this 1 viper which is in your bosom, and lie will assist you to draw it out." (Laugbter). t Then, again, in another part of the book, " If you know any serious offences, it is d best to Iegin with them, explaining dis- a tinctly the kind of sin, the number of f times you have been guilty, and telling such circumstances as atny aggravate their guilt." Mark. now, how c thte necessity of entire conies- t slon Is insisted upon, how it is reiterated. That there must be full confession of every particular, all circumstances, number of times, every aggravation with a.purpose as I shall show (hear.) Further, to the I same effect:-" If you have no grievous u sin to confess accuse yourself of silns of 1 omission. . It is not ill to nmake mention in such case of some'great sin in your :past life." In accordance with all this, woehave the admission of one of tile incriminated clergymen in the diocese of London, that, knowing the character of a certailn person's sins froum her own acknow ledgment, lie exhorted tlat person to attend hitiu n private and state to him the i particulars of her trtausgressions. And t another admitted that tie had for some time adopted tihe practice of systematici examination of persons whom he virited upon the Ten Commandments, enquiring 1 particularly into the sins of thought, word, I itnd deed committed by them ngainst each. Now, I am speaking to many who front t history and general reading are well acquainted with tihe form nid Imethod and nature of the usual confession enjoined by I the Church of Rome. God forbid that any 1 of you should become acquainted wit it f by your own persoult experieuce And to i such I appeal whether the directions in 1 these books, and tile admissions of these clergymen, do not necessitate the concin sion that those who are promoting Auri cular Confession in tile Church of England follow, in all its parts, the practice of it as 1 developed in the nuthorised manuals of the Church of Rome. (Loud cheers.) And noaw-though bearing in mind the wise and charitable admonition of our ben.i. chairman with relerence to that Church I must refer to those manuals. If we are to put you on your guard against Auri cular Contfessionl, we must tell you what it is. But how shall I bring before you tihe contents of these books. If it were neces sary for me, for any special purpose, to produce to you a mass of material filth that could be compared to the pollution of these writings, I could, by the aid of a long pair of tongs for myself; and some gallons of cllloride-of-lite for you, venture to exhbilt it in your presence. (Applntuse and laughter.) But I know of no mental tongs ; I know of no moral disinfectant which would enable me to utter, and you to hear, what the directories of the Romish Church contain on this subject, without contamination. Were it possible for us, who by the exigencies of controversy have been obliged to examine these books having in this respect " fallen" indeed " on evil times,"-were it possible for us to repeat to you what is found therein, the effect upon yourselves would be what I have myself experienced. (Ilear, hear.) It would make your ears tingle, your flesh crawl, your blood run cold, your whole soul shiver and sicken with disgust and loathing. In these manuals, written in Latin, and compiled by great divines, accredited by the authorities of the Romish Church, stamped with the imprimatur of its censors, directions are given for the examination of all those who come to Con fession in all the circumstances and actions of their lives, in thought as well as deed, from one week's end to another, from morning to night, and from night to morn- ing. 'The investigation is conducted, as expressed in this manual, for use in our \- Church, from which I have quoted, by questions on each of the ten command ments. And the most elaborate ingenuity is employed, the most minute and detailed inquiry made is to sins committed or con ceived to be committed against the seventh commandment. Ant Inquisition is set up to search out the most secret and private actions and feelings which have reference to such sins; an Inquisition more cruel than that which stretched the bodily form on the rack in the prisons of Madrid and Rome; an inquisition more tyrannical than that which penetrates into the anne- tuary of the domestic hearth and tears away the child from the bosom of its parents. But be it remembered that both these inquisitions, that which enslaves and tortures tie bhotly, andl that which enslaves and tortures the soul, are the inventions and characteristics of the Church of Rome. Why, in these books instructions are actu. ally given for undermining and overcoming feminine delicacy in order to extract from females in confession the acknowledg- ments required. Suggestions are offered to the minds of young persons, of mere children, of vices with which I believe the majority of them, certainly In our own country, probably even Roman Catholic countries, would not otherwise become acquainted. When I think of the priest in the Confessional addressing these ques- tions, making these suggestions to some poor shrinking girl, I cannot but remember the description which our great Protestant poet gives of the first approaches of the tempter to our mother Eve. There lie sits ' Squat like a toad close at the ear of Eve, Essaying by his devilish art to reach The organs of her fancy." Talk of the confessional as a remedy for what is called the "great social evil !" Why it would exaggerate and agravate it a thousand fold. It would not rescue the tempted, nor restore the fallen; hut it would pollute the innocent, and defile the pure; it would instruct the seducer, and prepare the victim. These books, direct- ink the practice of confession, render intel- ligible the revelations of history as to the state of the monasteries at the lime of their suppression under Hienry VIII. They render credible all the most fearful dis- closures that have been made of the nature of the intercourse between monasteries and convents, between priests and nuns. And they explain the low state of morality which existed in tile countries of Europe before the refirmation, and the present low state of morality in those countries which are still under Papal domination, as compared with those which enjoy the blessings of a reformed church. Here I cannot but pause to ask, do the men of the Roman Catholic laity know the questions which their priests in the confessional are trained and instructed to ask their wives, their sisters, and their daughters? If they do not, it must be .because the priests are afraid, as in this country I believe they are, to propose such questions-and in that case the priests are unfaithful to their vows-or because the females of that church, though compelled to hear and reply to such questions in the confessional, dare not, are ashamed, to breathe them in the ears of their husbands and their fathers If the men do know what these questions are, and do not apprise the priest that, on pain of personal corporeal chastisement, he never shall venture to ask them of any member of their families, then I stand aghast at the demoralisation-the stale of tmoral debasement in which the Roman Catholic laity must be sunk. But do I mean to say that ally divines of the Romish Churcht—any priests, individually, or in coclavecs-for mere love of mischief, or from the prurriency of a morbid imagination, or for the purpose of corrupt ing and polluting the minds of the people, have invented this practice of auricular confession, and compiled these instructionta? No man, no body of nen, was ever so wicked. One more wicked than men has c been the originator and deviser of this practice. The influence of the author of evil is indeed discernible in tile whole sys tettt of that church " The trail of the serpent is over it all." -(hear, hear)-but here are more manifest than Iu any other portion of it the slime, the stenclh, the polon, andt thie sting. (Loud applause.) But it will be said, if the practice of auricular confession is so bad, how could it ever succeed, or how coultd it stand its ground? Herein lies tle surest proof that it is indeed the master- piece of Satan. It is so had that it cannot tIe expounded and disclosed, so intolerably had that itcanoot lie brought into the light of day. To say all in a few words-the protection of the confessional is its im- purity. This is the system whlicl aln attempt is now making to introduce into the discipline of the Church of :England, And by whom ? Not by Jesuits-at least not by protessed Jesuits-lot by active proselyting priests of the Church of Rome, but by persons calling themselves ministers of our own Protestant and reformed church. These are members of that party which has introduced all those previous innova tioas of which mentlion has. been made. 'lhese are they who assert and claim for themselves and us the Apostolianl succes- sion. And it is in virtue of their'claim to the Apostolical succession that they main- tail their right to set up thie practice of confession and priestly absolution, allirmt- ing that they have the power to forgive < sins because it was said to the Apostles I " \Vhosoever sins ye remit they are remitted I unto them." Well, I grant them an a Apostolical succession--but a succession I from which ofthe tewelve Apostles? The sanser is supplied by our chnurel in the collect for St. Matthitas's day-"O 0 Go, who into the place of the traitor Jrulas i didst choose Thy faithful servant Matthias, grant that Thy clhurch may alway be,pre I served front false Apostles." I admit that I they have an Apostolical antiquity ; they tare exactly described by St. Paul in Swriting to Timutohy as existing in hIis time : "Of this sort are they which creep into a louses, and leadl cative silly women, laden f with sills, led awny wilth divers lusts." a Such is their spiritual ancestry, and Judas Sis the patriarch of the riace. I know Ssometheling of te hiory of te history etwo of those twhio were concerned in promoting these S 'iracices ill thie pari.hl of St. Geanrge-itn the-Ellst, tihe rector of lwhic parish was s also formaerly known to tie, andt whont I r believe, withi all his errors, to be a sin Scerely pious anld cotnscientious man. Oie of thlese was n clergyanit, tie other a S1youn1 man of tile University of Oxfaird, I wsi joined the missiis it that parish, es a -preparatioln for the muilistry of thie Clhurchl Iof lEuglund. What are they now? What they ought to be. What all the agents of th that mission ought to be. What all the Cn confraternities of St. Barnabas, St. Paul, lo and St. George, ought to be, and would be an if they were really honest men--members h of the Church of tome. I am inclined to o0 believe that the introduction of this prac- thi lice of nuricular confession is bringing ou a pn crisis - most salutary, indeed, but most ce painful, tl the history of our church. A In very intelligihble test is now afforded - no a standard given-by which we may try th who are the true and faithful sons of w the Church of Enuland, and who are they he the tendency of whose principles is to make wi that Church a diocese of the Church of do Rome. It Ihas been asked of lato by the bi leading journal of the day, is reference to an this queslion, Where are the Tractarians si now These men it is said are thle debris, p the mere ruins of the Tractarian party. A The meaning is, that only these are rightly as to bhe reglrded as Tractarians. But I take do leave to extend the application of the name. wl All those are Tractatians who in any way di tamper with this Auricular Confession- an all who justify it, all who defend, or ex- PI cuse, or sympathise with those who prac- hi tiso it; all, in fact, who screen them, ki whether under black silk or white lawn. int All are of that class and party who con- ci scientiously promote or unconsciously G follow this movement; If consciously they so are conspirators, if unconsciously, they are w dupes; but whether consciously or uncon- ti sciously, they are all banded together in a vi common assault against the morality, the ot religion, the civil and spiritual liberties of is England. I have now to apologise for to saving detainsed you so long. I feel that Je language has failed me, and must fail- lot fail, did I say?--language refuses to de- gr scribe the unutterable horrors and sborit- lI nations of the system of Anricular Con- ru fession ; and language must utterly fil if I " attempt to adjure you by oil that is most C dearl to yosu-all that is most sacred-all at that is most pure-to protect yourselves, Je your families, your Church anli your of country against it. As you value your au English clarecter and English liberty, as m you value your Protestantism, as you In value your Church, as you value your Christianity, if you regard the boner of or Goil, and would vindicate from blasphe- p mous usurpation the perogatives of th Omniscience, if you earnestly desire the pa salvation ofimunortal souls, and as earnuestly I deprecate their everlasting ruin, then I say u to you solemnly, in the name of God, and it as in the presence of Godl-denounce, re- tl pudiate, resist, anathematize, drive back to ti Rome the unhallowed and accursed Con- se fessional. is T'he following resolution was then pro- posed to the meeting: That the auricular confession of sins as practised in the Church of Rome, and as recently attempted to be introduced into the discipline of the Church of England, is utterly repugnant to the religion of Jesus Christ as revealed in the Holy Scriptures, and cannot be practiced in any nation with out serious injury to both the morality and the liberty of the people. The Rev. J. D. oassiingham, in second Ing the resolution, said, I have been antici- t Spated lu somle of my remarks. The very passlge iu the Homilies-the same Trac- tarian Catechisim-the same texts I had selected for quotation--have already been brought forward. And s tlhis has been done in a more able manncr than I could have done it, I heartily thank the preced- ing speakers. I can understand (even while I abominate) the sacramental system of Rome --where a supernatural feud of grace is supposed to be vested in a sacred corporation, and handed down in conse- crated depositories, is the only appointed channels of its distribution; and who, therefore become as so many demi-gods; but I cannot understand how professing members of a Reformed Protestant Church -a church which teaches that all sacrificing priests were done in Christ, just as Araron's rod swallowed up all other rods-can espouse a mongrel creed, and nix up together contrary theories. The religion of protestants places spirit above form ; that of Rome form above spirit ; and whenever any place an undue stress upon outward forms, they are in a fair way for embracing a reliiiou of posture and iunpos- ture. You might as well strive to recon- cile braudy drinkers and teetotallers by a mixture of brandy and water, as to reconcile tjie sacramental system with the full and free gospel of Jesus. Some Trac tarians talked nmuch of antiquity, but who- ever found amongst ancient pictures one that represented Jesus. Christ, or one of Ilis Apostles, itn the confessional box? Sueh a curiosity was unheard of. Auricular Confession was a modern corruption, which took more than 1200 years after Christ, to be matured and settled. How is this error supported? I hold in my hand a pretended "reply" to the Rev. Canon Stowell's lecture on confession, by 1' A Churchmlan," and fromn this we may learn what its adlvo cates say it its defence. Let me consider its statements. They are grounded, iBrst, upon pretended Scripturnt authorities; second, upon pretended Prayer-book war- raunttes: third, upon tihe asserted tendency of the Confessional to check sin and foster purity and chastity; and, fourth, th ignorance of ally Protestant clergyman as to the practical working of the Con esstional. Let us then consider these points. First, os to the pretended Scrip tural authorities I need say but little, as they have already beenreferred to. How ever, I must mention one passage,-" Then said Jesus unto them, Peace be unto you: as my Fathler sent me, even so I send you. And when lie had said this, He breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive the Holy .Ghost: whosesoever sius ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained." Now, we know that the Apostles, as in spired of the holy Ghost, were able to de clare and pronounce in what cases sins were remitted or retained. We see it in the instances of Ananins and Sapphira, Simon Magus, Elymas the sorcerer, and these at Antioch against whom the Apos ties shlook off tle du-t of their feet. But tlese extraordinary powers ceased with the Apostles: there are no Apostles now, and we have only the authsrity to minister which they, as the heads of the Church, gave to those who succeeded them. Just as tile flower drops off thle tree, wheen tile fruit Is formed; so these miraculous at powers dropped off when the Church, as the fruit of them, was formed. The Church itself is a miracle, unless miracu lous apostolic gifts are conceded. For it is an utter impossibility that men should have been turned from fondly cherished opinions, to those which are opposed to their natural bent, without extraordinary powers. But these served their cnd and ceased ; and none, without blasphemy, can lay claim to them in these days. The next passage was - "And I say unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of' hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the tkeys of the king- dom of heaven, antd whatsoever thou shalt binh on earth shallbe bte bod In heaven; and whatsoever thou shald loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." And this power was afterwards given to all the Apostles. What means this ? The rock, as St. Augustine says, is not Peter, who ti denied his Lord, but the faith inl Christ a which Peter had confessed. The king- dom of heaven signifies the Gospel dispen sation or Church. The Scribes and Pharisees, and the lawyers, were said to hinder thosae.willing to cuter, and shut the kingdom of heaven ngaiust men, by impos- istg obstacles in the way. Peter, on the contrary, removed obstacles-opened the Gospel kingdomtn to the Jews, at Jeru- salem, on the day of Pentecost, when 3000 were added to the Church ; and also to the Gentiles when, taught by a special vision, he went to Cornelius, who, with others, were baptised. The " whatsoever" Is not "whosoever," and therefore refers to " things," not persons." Then, uas tihe Jews always understood "to bind and loose" signifies to permit or forbid-to grant or refuse-to declare lawful or un- lawful, it teaches us that whatsoever rule, or. rules, the Apostles made as to "forbidding," or " permitting," in Christ's Church, would hanv the sanction and approval of Christ. For instance, the Jews were formerly forbidden to go to one of another nation. This rule was " loosed," and Christians were " bound" to go to all nations. Circumeision, too, was formerly imposed; from this yoke they were "loosed" by the Aposlles; but never did one of the Apostles take upon himself tie power to forgive sins. Christ did; and that without requiring a conlession privately of all past sins; and Ieo proved Ilis power by healing. Will those who now pretend to have this same power prove it in the same way ? If so, they will heal the blind and lame; then we will believe their monstrous assumptions. As to the so-called Prayer-book warranties, the Iook is right enough, but the error Is in pervert ing its language. The absolution in the o service for the Visitation of the Sick is very strong in its language. There was a time when such a service was needful, and when those who had just renounced Popery wanted homilies because unable to make sermons; and this service, because unable to act of themselves. But now, surely, any maul who cannot go to a sick bed, read and explain, and apply Scrip ture, and pray for a blessing, without a Ihook, must surely have mistaken his voca tion. No preacher is bound to use the service, and as all are now licensed to preach, all are free. Besides, it says "after this sort," not "in these words;" and the absolution itself is made to apply Sto the remlission of ecclesiastical censures, I and not tihe forgiveness of sins agillst God; and the collect and prayers follow Ing bear out this view. Still, as these words are open to misconstruction, anti sadly perverted by traitors in our camp, I would we were ril of them ; and I do Ihope to see tie day when they will be removed from our Prayer-book. The rev. speaker then proved, from thie statistics of Itnmishl countries, tlhat instead of the confessional promoting chastity and purity the very reverse was the case, and we might as well expect to wash our face clean in sooty water, as to improve by the confessional. t He gave some very striking testimonies frsom toman Catholic priests (wlho had be come converts) as to the disgusting results of the confessionals; and concluded by call ing upon all manfully to resist the un scriptural, un-protestant, un-English, un manly, un-apostolical, and un- authorised innovation, which sonice few sought to in troduce into our beloved churclh. 1sir, W. .Whistou (solicitor), said he had been called upon to speak a few wods, but the subject before the meeting had been so fully and so ably discussed, that there was nothiug left for him to say. Seeing hosw ever, as he did, tihe importance of the question, ihe could not hesitate to give his humble support to the resolution, and lie trusted that every clurchman present would manfully do his duty by opposing in every possibli way tihe introduction into the ChurchE of Englnod of the objectionable practice of Auricular Confession. (Ap plause.) As a churchman and an English man, hie gave his most fervent support to the resolution. The Rev. R. Macklin said-Cardinal Wiseman asked, " What Ihas Protestantism done for the world?" IIe replied thiat it had been its salvation-that it had pro tected it from Satan's power to a great ex tent, and because it taught the Gospel of Christ, which was thie power of God unto salvation. Hle remembered well the tiame, and many of those present would remem ber also, that when he first raised his voice against Popery in Derby, it was said "'lhat man's mad. Ilow could Ie say such things of the meek and quiet Roman Catholics? Ilere is a man rousing up the population of Derby for a conflict when no enemy appears." But was not the conflict came, openly and honestly, he admitted, (and he praised them for it) from Rome, but Ihe despised the Tractarians, who re mained in the Church of England, and yet were its worst enemies. (Cheers.) The Tractarians did not call things by their right namtes-they wore the smoothest as faces of any body of men he knew. AMr. Macklin thenou dwelt at some length ulpon Auricular Confession as practised in the Church of Rome, denouncing the system, and giving examples of its appalling power which had come under his own kItwlvedge itl Ireland. IIc then said that te knew there were in that Ihall many of his re spected dissenting brethren, and hIe would tell them whtat lie wantted. IIo wanuted unity of action, determintation of will, and position to be maintained by every one ol thems as Protestants throughout thle latnd, so that they might give a bold, clear, and deflnite expression of their determination to drive out of the Church of England anytllilog which looked like a tendency to. wards itome, which woull rob them of the liberty they derived from the Reformation, or which would endanger the throne or the crown. It woult be n proud day for Englatd when meetings like the present were held throughout the length and breadth of the land, and the people unitedly declared that they would never tolerate the encroachments of Rome. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Macklin concluded, by tmoving the adoption of the following memor:al, which Ihe said would be sent round or lie for silgnatures some days inl Derby, and which lie hoped would be very numerously signed: MEMOnlAL TO THE QUBoaN. That the following memorial be adopted by this meeting, and that it be signed and pre sented to Her Gracious Majesty Queen Vice toria : That repudiating the practices of Auriclar Confession and Priestly Absolution, we have scan with grief rnd Indlgnatorio that not a few of the clergy of the National Church have of late been actively promoting the introduction of such practices among the flocks committed to their charge. That we desire to express to your Majesty our firm determination, as far as in us lies, and with God's help, to resist to the utmost the introduction into tho Church of England of practices so repugnant to the doc trines and principles of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the whole spirit of the standards of our Church, and likewise so fraught with danger to the spiritual and civil liherties of this Clhurch and nation. W,o are deeply thankful that by the constitution and the laws of this land there is vested Io your Majesty a wholesome power of interposition into the affairs of the Church. and with a lively sense and i grateful aneknowledgement of the effectual manner in which in times past, both before and since the Reformation, divers of your Majesty's illustrious predecessors have exercised that power for the correction of er rors and the removal of abuses which had crept into the Church, we would earnestly beseech your Majesty, in the exercise of your Royal prerogative, to take such steps as your Ma jesty may deem fit with a view to the doing away the scandal and offence caused to many of your Majesty's subjects by the practices complained of. And that it may please Al mtihty God long to preserve your Majesty in the full enjoyment of all your Royal authority for the well being of this nation, and for the furtherance of hIls own glory, is the earnest prayer of your Majesty's loyal subjects. The Rev. E. W. Foley. in seconding the adoption of the memorial to the Queen, observed-It was a very painful duty they all had to perform on this occasion; that, in the middle of the 19th century, with an open bible before them, in an age of light and science and general advancement and all these the fruits of our Protestant Christianity—they should be under the necessity of protesting against a foolish attempt to set up the abominations of the Popish Confessional in the bosom of our Reformed Church of England was painful and humiliating indeed. And to be told that this vile system was based on certain passages in our liturgical formularies, which have been distorted from their true meaning, was insulting. There was no need for hint to go over that ground, which had been occupied by the speakers who preceeded him, and lie would occupy a very small portion of their tinme. In any remarks he might make he begged them distinctly to understand that he entertained no unfriesndly feelings towards their Roman Catholic fellow citizens. (Hear, hear.) lie would not deny to them, what he believed their creed denied to us, the right of private judgment in matters of religion. To his own mnaster a man standeth or fall eth. In our free Protestant country the most perfect toleration was allowed to all whatever their religious belief may be. Whilst they raised their solemn protest against any man's creed which they believed to be unscriptual and inimical to the best interests of society, they should show love and respect to his person, andl endeavour to reclaim him from his errors in a kind and considerate spirit. They had heard what this system was, as taught by the Church of Rome, and sought to be revived by a few misguided men in our own church. They had heard what an unwarrantable asumption it was of priestly influcence and spiritual tyranny how it enthralled the mind and conscience, and how polluting and defiling its nature was. They met that night to raise their solemn protest against it, and to implore their beloved Queen to interpose her authority, and stem the torrent of evil which threatened them from this quarter. IHe fully sympathised in a remark which fell from the chairman, that the grounds of alarm on this subject were not so great as some imagined. They must not be sur prised that .such . assaults were made on the integrity of their Protestant faith. The Protestantism of England had been advancing with the growth of freedom, and Ihe believed more decided and deeply rooted itn the heart of the nation than ever before; whilstC the condemnation of public opinion, through the influence of their free press, was brought to bear unmis takeably upon any Popish ceremony or Sliractice within their clurch. Besides, the Church of England, in the hands of an enlightened laity and clergy, was rising to her highl responsibilities, and caring in earnest for the true interests of the people. SNever was site more active for good than at the present moment. Never did so Smany of the people avail themselves of a her ministrations when free from the trickery and folly of Rotnish ceremonial t and noensense. They must not, then, be Ssurprised if the great enemy of souls was both crafty and busy in his efforts to mar the good work ahich was going on, ham t peritg the energies and perplexing tlhe Stminds of God's true servants. Let men r he up and about their Master's work. Let it thetm all prove that they were true Pro r. testants, in heart as well as in profession. n Let them cling to the Inspired Word of o God, and rememulber the words of the im a, mortal Chillingworth, "The Bible, and the !r Ilible alone is the religiont of Protestants." ;e Bring every doctrine and every error to i this inhillible test. Ia all these contro versis in wihcls tishey were called to en d gage it these days, they did not sufliciently id ak. a "\\\'hlt did the MIster say P" and d " What did the MIaster do P" Hlow did the e Lortd .Jesus Christ treat the people wiho I, camie to Ilim foradvice, or healing, or d comfort, when He vwas upon theearth? Did Ile hid thenm g hoel, and think over all their sills, and thln como ngaln aod confess them to IIiln ? Nothing of the sort. Did Ito perplex their poor anxious hearts with subtle distlictions betweenll mortal and venial sills? Nothing of the kindl. Strive, ho ?esought them, and piIy that the love of Christ lnay he shed abroadl In their hearts. Like Hliml, go nbout doing good to the souls and bodies of men, shOowing true synlmpallthy with their wants and sorrows; thou shoulld thley have within them tile only true antlitid to all errors in doctrinle or inll practice. "Prove all thilgs; hold fast that which is good." " Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ Iath lmde us free, and be not entangled againl willth the yoke of bondage." (Applause.) The Rev. Phillip Gell wished to Idvert to an important point which had been touched upon by Mr. Willkinson In his admirable speech--viz., that these must not be understood to he the closing pro. ceedings ill resisting the progress of the Tractarian heresy. When Mr. Wilkinson spoke of meeting some of them again inl that place he referred to the revision of the Liturgy. lie (Mr. Gell) trusted that when that occasion shloold arrive they would devote the most careful attention to what ever might, under God, be brought before them. (hlear, hear.) The subject was most important and interesting, and itli mately connected with that in which they had been engaged. 'they had been speak ing ill tile spirit of conlfessrs rather than in that of petniletial consileration. If we searched into the matter, it would be found that the ligh Clhurchmen and Tractnrians were not so censurable, or so for removed from tile rest of their clerical brethren as some of us might imagine. They pro fessed to adhere to the Prayer-book, and so did we ;. hut we must remember that they pleaded what was ill the Prayer-book for all the abominations tilhey were spread ing amongst us. Now, ill considering how we were to attack the evils, we must go to the root of the matter, and we should find that for every error broached by the Tractarians they had something or other in tile Prayer-book to plead in its behalf. (Hear, hear.) This had been manifest ill tile recent proceedings in which Mr. Greeley and the Bishop of Oxford were concerned; and it was not only so in the case of absolution and confession, but in other points too. And here he vwould remark that what lay at the root of tile evils of confession was absolution, and this power of absolution, so far as the Trae tarlan was concerned, lurked in thlt Service for the Visitation of the Sick, and some of the preceding speakers who had touched upon this point could not help remarking that they wished they were well rid of the objectionable parts of it. Then there was the Baptismal Regeneration question: it was in the Baptismal service, and they had grounds for what they had advanced. So as regards the Real Presence ill the Sacra ment, their Catechism gave some sanction to the doctrine, and so was tile occasion0 of the Denison controversy. With reference to another controverted matter-that of Apostolical Succession-the evil lurked in the Ordination Service; and when the Bishop laid his hands on the priest and said, " Receive ye the IIoly Ghost-whose sills yo remit they are remitted, and whose sills ye retain they are retained,"--the very words made use of by our Saviour to his Apostles-none could resist the conviction that the meaning was that the Bishop did actually confer the Holy Ghost. The set vice ought to be altered-(hear, hear) and if they were really to make this a lay question, as well as the Confessional, they must adopt such alterations in the Prayer Book as, while they would compel the Puseyites to go out at one door, their dis. senting brethren might be able to come in at the other--(load cheers)-or at lea:st it should not bo because of nrrors itn the Prayer Book that they were prevented entering if they were inclined. 'This was the way to a National Church and to Christian unity (applause). The rev. speaker concluded by commending the whole subject to their calm consideration. The Rev. Sir C. R. Lighten (vicar of El lanton), said, he thanked God for that meeting. He regarded it as a great omen of good, not only for the town and county of Derby, but for the midland district. He had longed for some time past for a meeting of this kind, in which the people could speak out on these most impor tant subjects. It was only last week they had been celebrating tihe Ter centenary of the accession of Queen Elizabeth, and here they were in the middle of this 19th century obliged to stand forward to protest against tile intro duction of that wretched system which, three centuries ago, it was tbndly hoped, had been effectually arrested. In this country it was said there were no less than from 400 to 500 clergymen in the Church of England at present practising ConfeTs sion. The aspect of the times behoved them all to be up and doing, and to stand firm to their Protestant principles. (Ap. plause.) The rev. baronet concluded by moving a cordial vote of thanks to their respected Chairman, for his kindness in presiding on tie occasion. (Loud cheers.) '. B. B. anbrlgge, Esq., seconded tile aotion. The Chairman having very briefly acknowledged the vote of thanks, the proceedings were brought to a close by singing the National Anthem. 