¡TOPICS OF THE MONTH. -« (fBOU OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) London.Nnvfimriflr Iß. The principal occurrence dwelt ripon In laBt elter waa one that did not take place ; the Irlncipal occurrence to he recorded in this in. hat we do not know what to make of the Lsald thing, now it baa taken p ace. What . H' Mach ndo about nothing? No; Uer nothing about the mnoh ado-Bright ti Reform. I" «ao sense, the one Is nobody, L the other nothing. In another sense, the Ln Is everybody, and the subject absorbs Si else. Believe the leading Journal, and Lwill be persnaded that, if there be one tem of speclul insignificance in the concern Lents of the inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland-not Letting the Ile of Man, where human ÍndMStaDdinrj should rost upon particularly nmmanent baste, seeing that the bípeda Loo thomBelvcs on three legs,-It is Reform ; Irj if there be ouo man pre- eminently cal- culated to reduce that insignificance to more bfinltesiinal and hoincBopathic dlminutivo ¿565, it is the Qu 'ker member for flre-eatlng, Äarcossion cap, and bayonet making Bir ¿Ingbcm. On the other hand, and almost In 'fi» same btentb, the same Good Master Walter, Sir Ornóle, tells us there is a «"versal demand, if not universal necessity, JbiBeform ; and that the person to make such demand imperative, so to Imbue his fei" ¡owe with his own convictions aB shall enforce them upon tho country, Is the said ?Impetuous dltclple of Penn. How reconoile i'lhesa contrarietit s ? That ia for antipodeans ÍJoBay-bere it js wholly impossible ^Afavorlteapiculution with the writer of those "marks is thinking what those at a distance Bust think of 'he groat thinking-maohine of foe British Empire It is the doctrine of an «»nally parkeston), hut iofiuitoly moro íaiiglnsl and '.ess | edantic and affected per Ifcnsgetban Mr.ThmnaB Carlyle, that nowB jaspers aro contrivances forgarroting common flense; the Thugs of the fourth estato bo ¡lleving thomeelves all tho while models of intellectual nlllitnthropy, unconscious that tee propagation of opinion is the destruction *¿f judgment, though the two words aro used »convertible tormf, while In reality carrying 'fllsmelrlcally opposite meanings, or no 'leanings, as the case moy be ; and that is tho ifcge in question. If such ha the persuasion of Some of those in the midst of the process of ?eonfiiBloni6ing, participants in tbo illusions, victims of the delusions of the day, accll mated to artificiality, emasculated of mental "brtstnesB, so far ns to be passive units in 'fce agglomoroto of cypherhood, how must it, 'now ehoDld it be wilh far-off denizens beneath ihe Southern OroBS? Wo see the thing here '«very 24 hours, and familiarity with the pho iomenon does not exactly breed contempt, but insensibility i just like the man who winds the timekeeper at Greenwich, without any ¡kher Idea of the importance of having told tho world what's o'clock, than that It ia his dinner Sour. Yon open three score different diurnal ¿sues of the leviathan informant in a lump; fed in yonr search after the current of tho public mind at home, yon turn to that Mamoroua typography wheroin the plural ¡gnU, as Hood calls the editorial prononn, faost abounds. And what do you find? Woy, J I sort of Albert Smith's medley melody on the contents of Galipnani's Messenger, only in , jirose. Permit your correspondent to repeat ï definition he lately gave of ono, and only an Iveie.a one, of theeo eBsaya- for essaya they .re, and very admirable ones too, tho only Objection being that 3'ou can't make out what they ore nil about, still leBS what they are not .bunt ; end, on fiuishlng, you feel precisely U yon do after havina. diligently perused that inique chapter in " Tristram Shandy," which las neither beginning, mlddlo, nor ond. A 'leading article now commences with "a fcruiBition on the geological formation of the jjiobs; passes on to the Retreat of Xenophon lid the Ten Thousand ; pauses awhile at the discovery of tho mariner's cotnpaBS ; glances li Habeas Corpus and railway accident?. ¡Oraches upon the Decline of the Great Mogul] lidtheuprlBiog of Big Ben; wonders why fiance has not free trade in plg-lron ; thinks bat submarine telegraphs are useful inven - lons; doubts if the early Homans had a Crystal Palace, inasmuch as glass was not inventod Ë the S. P. Q. R. days ; and winds up with a hurricane of objurgation on Jenkinson, the defaulting Marylebone tax-gatherer for ah Bonding with laBt quarter's poor- rates:-such king tbo moral the- encycloprodiac erudition aforesaid is intended to point. For this tho cockneys pay 4d. every morning, or 6Jd. if ihiywlsb their conslnB in the country to be livdse as themselves. They ask, oxuliantly, Jas tho Uko of it ever seen before for the Boney? To which the answer must he, as Biredly not. Will it ever be seen again? To |h!ch, se BBsnrcdly, the answer is, it la to be honed not." PI Tila may sound absurdly, but the absurdity [nsound. What is referred to is notincon ¡fBelency, in the old sense of the word. IjflconeiBtency, if used as a term of reproaob, ifould Imply that there was something to bo minslitent about, which there is not ; hence plMnltlficatlon has become systematlsed, w It were; and, when handlod in the glodeindicated, is at least picturesque, if not |ttactly edifying. Having said so muoh by jfay of preliminary, as to tho dominant jUrector of our public, you will be prepared to I Ippraieo the utterances of the subordinate (¡¡¡hoes of the great bell-wolhor at correspond tog value. But hero a now phase has to bo recorded. The community is outrunning the press ; and it is the knowledge of this fact that invests Bright with a potentiality which UIOGO who take their notions from our news papera can as little account for aa appreciate. tot only aro all the old watchwords of party i obsolete as the slttDg used hy little druids Jhen they played at taw-in-tho- iing, at JSonohcngo-now some years ago, probably gffore even Palmerston remembers ; but tho Sid li, Sid party animus has wholly died out-that , «Diuung mo governing classes; and heneo aoseclaeeeB take it for granted that their ¡ra plcfetooth equanimity permeates the sbetratam of society, denser and more dense lyon descend. Herein thoy mistake. True, Surtlsm, and all the connate and analogous sr».»uuoiogics,and garclilcs, and ocracles ?»dead 0B nail in door, as Pistol reports ; but Smethlng else has taken their places. What la »W The consciousness of citizenship, »"ont suppose this is any fantastical gib ma for some nostrums ventilated by SZ?uD M Smitn' ^urgus Brown, íSA .I"T' 0r SoDosft Minson. gP«% of the sort. It is what Is; and ?«IU something in theBe times, when BO mu nothing. But it Is a fact, thouRh gU çsrcely recognised by those whose EfcÄ8 A ,B not mldnisht Bt i2 ihnd th ?, duByi thnt B Dew "PirIt h<» C v ° d bndy of onr »«yh-Mled |»rery skull of the hydra Is surcharged with brain, and would therefore outwit club-law were a hundred HerculeBes bringing actions for battery. It is only last week that this phenomenon met with anything like respeotable reoord, .the Chancellor of the Exchequer's weekly print announcing, in terms half commendatory half condemna- tory, that many score Gommltteee of working men all over the country were investigating the operations of diplomacy in the foreign relations of England and every other country, and seeking a restoration of International law, and of that sense of responsibility at home which provalled when Minis- ters expiated culpability in somowhat more serious fashion than walking from the right to the left of Mr. Speakei'a chair, and regulating their emotions in reference to quarter-day. These committees quite ignore tbo old formula of phrases once In vogue-never allude to division of property, equal representation, electoral districts, manhood suffrage, and so on. They confine thomselves to tracing the oauses of departure from right, demanding from the authorities, Premier to Under Secretaries, all of whom answer them, for they apeak by the book (blue book), why so-and-so has occurred here, or not ocourred there Î The knowledge tiiese men exhibit ia something quite extraordinary; they are fast popular- ising among the masseB the analyses of themes which none hut laborious zealotB in the recondite paths of politics thought of meddling with a few years ago, and were laughed at for their pains. The mental oondition thus exhibited is symbollo of the change throughout the populace, meaning thereby all above the rabble, and below what are conventionally called respectable clasBes -in fact, the people. Those are no longer excitablo-no longer to be blown about by the wind-bags of faction ; but they are resolute ; and without exactly as yet knowing their own mind, thoy have made up their mind not to be the sport of the mindless. That determination they have rendered so very evident, tacitly but unmistakably, that thero is now being waited for, with pationce, if not with deference, by the hitherto ruling classes, a process altogether without parallel in any country, namely, a private individual's working out of legislation of a most important and oiganic kind, at the solicitation of his countrymen, who have declared their constituted Executive and their Parlia- mentary competitors incompetent and untrustworthy for any such task. The individual is Bright, The task is a now Reform Bill. The framing of that Bill has boen solemnly committod to, and as solemnly accepted by him. On it he is now engaged. There is none of the "Three Tailors of Tooley-strcet" fanfaronade about this. No ono allégea he has arrogated more than has devolved upon him, or that those delegating it have usurped vicarial functions in tender- ing him the supremacy of the whole party of progress. The bulk of that party, as already intimated, aro not moved by the kind of feeling which wrought such spasmodic action in '81-2 ; they do not think if Little Stvlndleham bo disfranchised, and Great Flat rapenriched with theamputated two members thetailofthe British lion will be proportion ately elongated, and an Eden-like state o felicity overspread thelandinconsequence; bul they ara persuaded the days of the existing syBtem aro numbered-that the monopoly o; political power in hands Uko those hitherti wielding it is not to he endured. The exprès sion of this belief finds an adequate mouth piece in Bright, who has this singular ant unprecedented trait in his favor, that, uullki all other leaders who ever led, he himself ha no idea of reaching the ,'goal. He may con duct others to tho portal of office, but ther he stops. He enters not ; he doesn't want t enter. Everybody knows he wouldn't; on it is notorious ho couldn't, for many reasons one being this, that 4_ Acta of Purliiimor would not get him into a pair of knoehreeehe and put a Bword by his Bide. Without both < theso courtly appondages ho couldn't appes in the presonce of V. R., sayin nothing of tho Consort, who is twic as implacable on the score of tailor! orthodoxy in such particulars. Anothe: more serious, but not more weighty, reason I that,119 ho himself Bald, in accepting the dut of devising a Bill, he is not supple, ho is ne plastic, he is very unbending in adherence t his own views, and is not sufficiently amer able to the requirements of expediency to t of service in political tactics. All this, so fi from diminishing, has added immensely f his prestige, and he now fills tho extraordlnai rale of an impassioned tribune and a dlepa sionato arbitrator in what has become ti great problem of our timo-how to Infui democratic blood into our feud&leeque; coi stltution. That is the point; for the trul Is not contested that the constitution mu perish of inanition and atrophy, like ti vigor of Spain among effato hid&Igoes;, if the; be not a cross of a lusty stalwart Btook, wh though they may never hnvo hud gram fathers themaelves, are qualified to become i to an interminable posterity. This is now nn admitted truism ; the que tion Is one purely of degree. Bright prepared to go great lengths, jot not near! so great as you might suppose from the vagt Inuendoos abounding in some of the pape as to the changes he thinks of inaugurate I Derby is also dlsposod to go consldemb! leoglbs, and has told the assembled citizen at the Lord Moyor's dinner, thiB night wee that he and his colleagues are engaged i preparing all sorts of measures for next se I sion. Then comes Lord John Ruesell, bi tween whom and whose followers and Brigl and his followers a very cordial anderstem ing exists; so much so, that Bright was, an would still be, moBt anxious that his Lon ship should take tho Parliamentary condu of the movement, provided he would give i his adheelon to the Ballot, which Lord Joh will not, though hie own speeches of £0 yea ago, and some votes of members of the houi of Russell (including Lord Charles, Sergean at-Arms, who formerly sat for ono of ti Bedford boroughs), aro raked up in proof thi present squeamishneBS might relax a litt without any very un-Roman surrender - principle to expediency. Lastly, and oblef] perhaps, comes Palmerston, of whom, whose doings, or .Intended no-doings, nobot oan make head ortail. Itis felt that his gan is to Bpollt that of everybody else. The question Is, how he means to do it- how play off one section against the other so as to paralyse all, and render himself once more essential to the nation. The impediments even to a guess at the answer to this inter- rogatory are enormous, for there is no knowing in what direction,much less at what time, he may spring a mine under tho feet of each or either of the triumvirate. There is no saying how bis interest wonld be served, for there ia DO saying what hU interest is, ho himself being alone cognisant of it. Proofs are beginning to crop up now that he took very small pains to prevent his former defeat in March last, although ho clearly saw It coming; and there Béeras no doubttbat when i he was last in Paris, where he remained long time, he told several in the Imperial circle that he meant to be in again by Easter next, certain schemes he had in progress In various portions of the world being in the meantime consummated by his succors or warming-pans,-partly unconsciously, partly with their eyeB open,-the faot,indeed, being so palpable that even the Quarterly Review, Tory as It tries to be, and Conservative as It is, CUIIB upon Malmesbury to emancipate himself from the slavishness of following in Claren- don's steps. Alack ! little the reviewer knows, or perhaps Malmesbury either, that there is no option in the case ; that he is in a groove, and must go on, being as unconscious of his rate of progression ai we on the surface of the globe aro, that we are going at the rate of 160 ox press steam-engines the Lord knows whither and the Lord knows why. Just as wo were all wondering what Pal- merston would say, or, rather, what he would not say, and how he wouldn'tüsay it, at Rom- sey, Hants, near his seat at Broadlands, to- morrow, where ho was to have presided at one of thoso agricultural meetings from which, politics being strictly excluded, nothing but política are talked, ho atarte off, per invi- tation of Louis Napoleon, to assist him of Hum in hunting wild boar in the forest of Oompîèjne. When a gentleman cetat 75 sets out for voneatorial pastime acroBS tho Channel, lu the midst of one of the fiercest storms (now three days raging) known hero for years back, and in midwinter, we needn't bo particularly suspicious if we apprehend that there must bo other game afoot than lunatic male porker. Tho Viscount has taken a boro of his own with him-his late Foreign Secretary- though scapegoat would perhaps be a moro accurate definition, the noble Earl being his mere tool for the direc- tion of the odium or misdirection of tho credit of any transaction anywhere, it being quite a standing joke in all diplomatic circles that Clarendon is always intent on the exploration of mares' nests of his own creation, while unknowingly working out tho objects of his master. Mystery-mongering is the grand forte of thoEarl. He must have been in a state of perpetual envy uf the late 0. Smith, prin- cipal performer of murderers, ghosts, devils, necrcmancere, and other wild beasts, at the Adelphi. Tho trap door gymnastics, spasmo- dic apparitions, Budden evanishments, mystic I lookB, aBsaBBin-like sneezes, bandit aspect, and conspirator trappings of that enigmatic individual were quite after the heart of Clarendon, who conceives that a shako of the head and a portentous stare, are the two fundamental maxims of diplomacy. Palmer eton humors this fatuity, and lets his noble dupe fanoy that he MB pulling the strings of ali the thronen, dominations, principalities, and powers in creation, ha himself ull the while the veriest automaton in the Viscount's digits. This will account for his being t&ken; to Oompiègne just now. It is to mask somo ruse or other, of whose ramifications nothing will bo known till the planned denouement takes place; and then, most probably, we shall have ita fabricators declaiming vehe- mently against it, and demanding that Us concoctera be gibbeted to public indignation and resentment. The Palmerston trip just now ia peculiarly provocative of speculation. In the IlrBt place Louia Kapoleon has just perpetrated an out, rogo upon Portugal, most Indefensible in itsell upon any ground or under any pretext whatever ; for, never before in modern ti met has the offer of arbitration been rejected, and all overtures to negotiate borne down by armed force ; und, in the second place, the cause for which the Emperor resorted to these buccaueuring excesses was palpably to bolstei up the slave-trailo, though now, at the 12tt hour, after all the lawlessness, his tender hearted Imperially expresses a hope that thif may not be so, and desires his cousin, the Prince President of Algiers.^to inquire lute the merita of this man-catching on tbi Mozambique coast, and see if it really bo thi anti-Uncle Tom abomination all the work has proclaimed it. Two considerations aria' out of this. Constitutional Portugal is one o the three monarchic creutiona of Palmer ston, Belgium and Greece being the others Ho it was who, backed by Sir Charles Naplei (the Admiral-not tho General, whost brother, by tho way-Sir William, tho Penin sular historian- is at the point of death, anc leaves not a nobler nature bebind), expellee Aberdeen's and Georgo the Fourth's pet, Dor Miguel, and placed Don Pedro (a rather ia and fair little Gloriosa) on the throne of thi Braganzas. That the king or queen makint Englishman enould go to France just aft*: Buch a snubbing of his own handiwork by thi ex-proprietor of the Boulogne sauBage-oatini eagle la not a little astonishing, to Boy thi least of it ; for though he isn't officially in i condition to ring the changes on the Pacifia quackery of Civis Romanus and fot-faw-fum still he need not ostontutiously pay hil respects to the man who has jost practlcullj laughed at th it Thrasonical traBh by affront ing England in the moBt flagrant manner ii is possible for one Power to affront another through a third related to the second, ai Portugal Is to us. Then, again, the one polnl of domestlo Interest that Palmerston has eve: cultivated, or appoared to cultivate, has beor antipathy to the slave-trade. It has been bli Bpear and shield for 30 years, giving him tht command of Exeter Hall and the bishops, tlii Quakers and the military, the philanthropist! and the misanthropists, and enabled him te oajole and bully altornutoly, in the name ol God and the people, for the benefit of Beel zebub and himself, both of which lattei gentlemon have largely profited hi the joint stock dealings which now seem to have been carried on by tho adul teratlon process ; for if it were not, how ii it possible that the phllo-nigger par excellenc would go and shske the cat-o'-nine tail clan of the whlp-nigger in the fashion wo behold? Furthermore, at this particular time Bjna ' parte Is signalising his respect for univers« 8uffrage by gagging Press and speech na novei was the COBB before. The famons Count Mon talembert having printed In an obsenro Frencl periodical an article descriptive of the debatí on the Indian Bill In our Parliament, and praised our institutions, has been Indicted and is now being placed on his trial with th< stimulating prospect of Ooyenne before him for having said that Paris is not Parajisi under the present régime, and that Frerjchmer don't rejoice in having been reduced to tht level of dumb animals. The thing has causee a prodigious sensation. AU oyeB nre turnee to the trial, juBt as vividly and for tbo Bami reason au to the PrcBS doings of PoUgnac and Charles X. Our papers abound with porten tous headings, "The MadnesB of Despotism,' and the like. The Tima has printed thi whole pamphlet in throe successive numbon of its impressinnB. Numberless editions of li are springing forth In French and English and a oopy in Franco, where the police aro In furious aearch of it, commands 40 francs. What IB to be tho upshot no one can say, but all can Imagine. Failure or success is alike to be dreaded by the Man of the Second of I December, whose blood-stained anniversary draws nigh-. Cowar (Borgia's) ides of March are approaching fast as whirling time can bring them on, and doubtless he will meet his destiny, whatever it be, with a mailed hand and unfaltering nerve, though he may not care for the claSBfo arrangement of his robe as ho falls at the base of Pompey'a statue. Metaphor apart, however, the situation Is most perilous to the peace of the world and to him at this moment. The exceeding moderation of all that Montaient bert says is admitted by every one, and the inference le, that if truths so mild, and from a source so conservative, an enemy of republicanism, a friend of Napoleonism, ere j Napoleon seemed another word for Nero, inspire tyrannous terrors of this sort, how entirely honeycombed with disaffection must the whole framework of Frenoh society under the Empire not be, and how inevitable the catastrophe that must bury the throne of the sanguinary charlatan in ruins. Two liberal bishops accompany Montalembert to the bar, and he ia to be defended by the great legltlmiat Berryer- circamatancoB pregnant with suggestions, whose realisation you may hear of by next mall, though only a month off. It certainly would not surprise many people here if told to-morrow that a second edition of the tragl-comlco melodrama of Mr. William Smith, of Newhaven, late Louie Bourbon, of the Tullleries, was being enacted over again. Tbe ladies of uneasy virtue in King- street, St. James's, have a prophecy, in common with other gipsies, about the ill-looking gontleman who formerly inhabited No. 2, now the residence of Lord Naas, in that s:clal evil locality-namely, that he would be glad to be back there again some uno day; and perhaps that prediction Is nearer at hand than the nncrlnollned By bita themselves had a notion. A breath moy unmake bim, as a breath has made; though it is highly probable that the un- making breath will have to be a simoom, sirocco, and typhoon, rolled into one, and will blow great guns and small armB abont the ears of all the crowned heads in creation. Again, It is remarked to be a very Blngular time for tho presence of Palmerston ata boar hnnl in the foreBt of Oompiùgoe. Yet farther atllli an outbreak of a most ominous kind has just taken place in Newfoundland among our own fishermen, in conséquence of the French haviDg violently warned them off grounds at St. George's Bay, whero we have fished for 80 yeara, without the least an noyanco to anybody, except, perhaps, the Cod Family, and they were dumb as gudgeons. Ships of war have been ordered to the Bcene of commotion by Sir A. Ban- nerman, the Governor, who, be it observed, is charged by the Wanders with complicity in the frog-eaters' Interest, for he never gave notice of the Illegality of a certain French proclamation concerning a treaty negotiated with Palmerston, In January 1857, but which treaty waa rendered null and void, because the Newfoundland Assembly to whom it was referred, ignomtniouBly kicked it out. It Is well known that the French are moat jealous about those pseudo flshety-rights of theirs on that coast, pay enormona bounties for sup- porting a fleet of boats there, both for prose- cuting the fishery, and for manning the na- tional navy ; that there ia not a bitterer drop in the bile of the Haul than what is infused in this question, which Bonaparte has now undertaken to settle off hand to hiß own liking, just as he did the Portuguese affair precisely. Yet in the face of all this our Premier pro- claims, at the Mansion House, in presence of the Duke of Malakoff, whose bride, by the way, didn't appear, probably having enough of turtle work at home, that never was there a time in which France and England were on better terms. France would be anything but the polite nation she is were she other- wise than supremely satisfied, seeing that all the reciprocity is on the British side ; that she has only to ask for " more," like the horse-leech's daughter, or Oliver Twist, Esq., but without the least likelihood of experiencing the exclamatory negative which met that young cormorant's application for additional nutriment beyond the prescribed parochial measure of sufficiency. An addi- tional item of political complication is what practically amounts to a revolt of the Ionian islanders, who won't be protected by us any longer, and will insist on taking themselves off of our hands, and committing themselves to Otho of Greece ; the real meaning of which Is that they are inspirited to transfer them- selves to Russia, who has been multiplying her feelers in all this vicinage of the sick man for a long time back, and the hour seems at hand when the Czar means to close his grasp— and then open it who may. To the wonder of all mankind in this hemisphere Gladstone has been mesmerised or spirit- rapped himself into the acceptance of a com- missionershlp extraordinary to go and tell these islanders that they know nothing of their own affairs, and that the sooner they return to a sense of their own senselessness the better. If they don't they shall see what they shall see. So shall we, too, in due time, no doubt, if we live long enough. But what it is we are likely to see in this direction no man of woman born — that is, born of British female— has the ghost of a notion. If the whole case were as plain as a pikestaff, Gladstone is just the man to make it as crooked as a ram's horn ; but being already as crooked as the horns of a flock of the most eccentric of imaginable masculine merinoes, impenetrable and inconceivable intricacy Is the inevitable result. In fact, that is the case with all things amongst us at the present moment, and accounts for the other- wise unaccountable puzzle, that though every- body is said to have his pockets in a state of incipient combubtion from the incendiarism of the money burning them, it would appear from looking in people's faces, as if the coin were made of pieces of Wenham Lake ice, congealed beyond all possibility of being melted by any ardor that could be applied, above ground at all events. 