COCKNEY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. London, April 6th, 1859. SUMMER IN SPRING. Varium et mutabile semper is not only English woman, but also English weather. I begin my week's scrib- bling three days earlier than usual, to record the mar- vellous difference between this Wednesday and last. Seven days ago the snow was falling fast; to-day summer has come suddenly upon us. Cœlum, non animum, mutant, qui trans mare currunt. My classical quotations are recondite, says the Roman bard;--but "No," says your cockney commentator. Since I came across the sea, I have changed my mind in reference to British chronic cold, and begin to fancy that I have not changed my sky. Sydney never basked beneath sunnier, serener heavens than London has basked beneath to-day. Not factories and "above- bridge" boats alone (as, according to the Act, they ought, but don't), but all the myriad chimneys of the metropolis seem, for once in a way, to have consumed their own smoke. I saw the Surrey Hills from Upper Wellington-street as clearly as ever I saw the Blue Mountains from Windsor. Crowning the range of serial lavender stood the Crystal Palace, flashing back the sun-light like a Titan's mirror. When you can really see the architecture of London, you wonder that continentals have ever dared to sneer at it. I say nothing of such grudgingly admitted ornaments as the Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Pall Mall, St. Paul's, Goldsmiths' Hall, the palatial warehouses of New Cannon-street, and the Exchange, which to-day have shone forth in all their Gothic, Greek, and Italian beauty; but until to- day I had no idea of the scores of æsthetic resting places which the eye--when the atmosphere will suffer it--can find in the most humdrum thoroughfares of London. Certainly I never before properly appre- ciated the graceful spites of Wren. To-day they shot up like poems into the sapphire vault, their vanes-- ships, arrows, dragons, grasshoppers, and gridirons (I regret to add)--dazzlingly embossed upon the dazzling blue. Even buildings which the veriest Cockney must allow to be hideous--that elongated cruet-stand, the National Gallery--the murky Mansion-house-- the corpse-like Bank, "with eyelids sealed"--and that architectural Soulouque, the India-house, which, now that it has lost its imperial sway, seems to knit in sterner frown than formerly (if that be possible) its swarthy brow--to-day relaxed into a reluctant cheer- fulness, gave a Plutonic smile. The dial on Cree- Church-- whose pathetic appeal to the forbearance of its perpetually disappointed consulters, Non sine lumine, has so often moved my mirth-- was, at last, able, with a most ebon shadow, to tell the hour, for, peradventure, the two hundredth time during the two hundred years of its existence. The heat was almost oppressive. Stout gen- tlemen walked with unbuttoned waistcoats, and hatless, mopping their bald heads. The watercarts were out; recalling pleasant memories of far-off country gardens after rain, as the eye-and-ear refreshing showers laid fragrantly the hot, white dust. Every other shop had its sun- blind down. The fishmongers, in addition, barricaded their windows with newspapers, and con- tinually baptised their scaly goods, prone on the fast drying marble slabs, from lilliputian watering pots and fire-buckets. The street green-grocers had ever to be dipping their bundles of pink radishes into the renovating lymph. The street nursery-men, at the corners of tributaries of suburban roads, eyed anxiously their drooping pansies, primroses, and daisies. As I have said before, summer had come suddenly upon us. Hundreds of cage- birds, hanging out from first-floor windows, hailed its advent in songs of startled, half-plaintive joy--they longed for the fields over which they flew last year, poor captives! On the human race descended an almost universal thirst for beer--every blue-boarded and gilt-lettered tavern, and every yellow-boarded and black-lettered Alton- alehouse, was crowded to repletion. Homo sum, &c;,--another of my choice citations. Malting, at all events, alienum a me, mehercule, haud puto. I stepped into the luncheon-bar at Peele's, and craved a pint of half-and-half from the lady-like little Hebe who serves behind the counter. (N.B.--Port wine is what I like to drink at Peele's, for there you get the best in London--you ought to charge for this as an advertisement--but port and my pocket just now are asymptotic.) The draught imbibed, visions of a rural jaunt began to float before my fancy. "Shall I go up the river to Richmond, or down the river to Greenwich?" I ex- claimed,--"The Ship, or Star and Garter?" "What is the state of your finances?" whispered common sense; and the query nipped my budding aspirations, as a frost nips early apple-blossom. I drew forth my purse. It held a solitary florin--the "tenth part," the Mint authorities kindly make it inform us, of that "pound" which, at least, the trip would cost me-- and this was all I had to get dinner, beer, and 'baccy with, till Saturday. I sadly left the coin to slumber in its silken solitude, and resolved, as the nearest approach to the country, to go to Covent Garden. Passing through Temple Bar--thinking, as I looked up at the dingy arch, of big Sam guffawing at little Oliver's famous Forsitan miscebitur pleasantry; and of Sydney, as I glanced at the tiny barber's shop in the corner, for his successor informs me that the man who there whilom trimmed my wig now rears his pole beside the waters of Port Jackson--I ran the gauntlet of the shoeblacks, with their "Clinny boots--sir?" who congregate around the pillars of Clement's Inn archway, and entered the quaint, cloistered polyangle. The smoky old houses seemed ashamed of their black faces--the windows looked doubly dusty, the faded names upon the doorposts the very ghosts of nomen- clatures, in the rich spring sunlight; but the virgin foilage of the trees-- strange contrast to the grimy boughs it sprinkled--and the grass of the little lawns, gleamed emerald-like in the bright beams. The kneel- ing statue of sooty stone with its hands up to the dial on its head, like a nigger about to present a saucer to his mistress, de- spite the verdure round it, had a perspiring aspect. The pretty girl who came tripping down from Mr Parchment's chambers--what had the blushing little baggage been doing up there, I wonder--did not scorn (as English ladies, so protecting themselves, generally do seem) to be poking fun at the poor English sun with the point of her parasol when she elevated it. Ticket porters crouched panting in door- ways--flies buzzed about the hot window-sills, that would have blistered, had not their paint peeled off long, long ago. The old inn simmered in the sun- shine. I went out by the north gateway, and wandered in the labyrinth of squalid courts and lanes that lie be- tween Clare Market and Bow-street. However morbid my taste may seem, I must confess that I like that part of London. Its low publics, where smashers, pugilists, and burglars meet; its high houses, with a multiplicity of bell-pulls on every door, hiving as many families as there are rooms; its broker's shops, crowded with cracked china, fly-spitted engravings, and fusty furniture, its second-hand book stalls, where you may buy a handsome Delphin oracle for sixpence, and occasionally, amongst their heaps of mildewed rubbish, stumble on a real literary treasure, ticketed by the ignorant bibliopole at even a lower price; its den-like tobacconists, with muddy playbills in front and at the door, and naughty books and plates and astonishing relations of "Immorality in High Life" in the window, its oranges and oyster- shells, fried fish, black puddings, saveloys and rotting cabbage- stalks, its bull-necked, greasy roughs, lounging against posts and under archways; its pale, pock-marked pickpockets, watching you with weasel- eye; its horrid old harridans, brawny matrons, and brazen-faced (by courtesy ) maidens, all smelling more or less of gin; its foul, old-faced infants sprawling in the gutter, or squatting, toad-like, upon door steps;-- in fine, its filth, and misery and sin, have an historical interest for me. It has hardly changed a whit since Hogarth painted, and Fielding and Smollett wrote. Roaming there, you see--gas lamps excepted--the very London of our great grandfathers. As, however, you also inhale the very odours that made ancestral bucks, out on the spree in the locality, frequently dip their fingers into their scented snuff, and drink in the prophylactory fragrance of their perfumed handkerchiefs, such a broiling day as this has been is not the most favourable for one's anti- quarian researches. I was very glad when I exchanged those stinks more various than Cologne's-- according to Coleridge's oft- quoted jest--for the aroma of herbs and fruits, and balmy breath of flowers, that made Covent Garden a sweeter spot even than it was when Convent Garden. It possesses, at the present day, this additional advantage, moreover. Then it was monopo- lised by lazy monks: now it is open to any lounger-- in fact, as well as Cockney phrase, a "common garden." On one side, hook-nosed Hesperides watch, in oriental-looking sheds, the coarser produce of the "golden tree;" in company with Duke's-place dra- gons, breathing Manila smoke from their full-lipped mouths. On the other, British salesmen proffer the Brussels sprout, the Italian brocoli, and the Hibernian potato. The pavement at both ends is converted into a floral mosaic. Hardy English flowers of every hue, in pot and posy, bloom bright beneath the smiling sky. But let us enter the central arcade. Gigantic cucum- bers, sheaves of asparagus; pines like tufted Indians' heads; new potatoes, in moss-lined baskets that look like birds' nests; mushrooms in tissue-papered pottles; the patchy golden globes of the shaddock; the Maltese blood-orange, split to show its sanguine hue; every species of British and foreign nut; a dozen kinds of pears and apples (chiefly noticeable amongst them the red-cheeked, wavy, American ladies' apple, peeping from its silvery swathings like a babe's face from the bassinette); candied greengages--dried fruit, indeed, of all kinds; grapes of golden-green and bloomy purple; hundreds of flowering hot-house plants; bouquets in laced paper almost as delicate as the camellias that star their centres; dwarf cactuses in tiny red pots, on tiny green stands, that Tom Thumb might have made; huge bowls of gold-fish; vivariums paved with sparkling pebbles, draped with waving weeds, and tenanted by minnikin monsters of the deep--these are the items of the sight I saw, and a very glorious sight they made. Flora seemed to have emptied her lap, Pomona her cornucopiæ, at my feet. With the flowers and fruits, of the whole world before me, I no longer pined for the fresh violets of Richmond, or the lingering hips and haws of Greenwich. DISSOLUTION. The Times on Monday, speaking apparently by the inspiration of Disraeli (determined to injure his pro- phet by breathing into him a "lying spirit)," an- nounced that Ministers would neither dissolve nor re- sign. In the evening up got the Chancellor of the Exchequer to say that they would dissolve. "It's ill playing with edged tools--especially such two- edged tools as the Times. It cares nothing about the consistency of its principles, but it cares a good deal about the authenticity of its information. Benjamin will rue that "bam" for many a day. In the Lords , the Earl of Derby coupled his an- nouncement of the impending dissolution with a vicious hit at Viscount Palmerston, and a sarcastic sketch of Lord John Russell's career,--in the style of a celebrated "Political Biography." Palmerston re- plied to his Lordship the day afterwards in the Com- mons: his attack upon Lord John required no reply. It was very cutting, but Mutato nomine, de te fabula narratur rose to the mouth of every one who heard, or read of, Derby accusing Russell of restless ambition and factious scheming. The noble Earl seems to have fancied himself in the Lower House once more. His hot speech, spirting up in the frigid atmosphere of the House of Peers, reminded one of an Icelandic geyser. He talked, moreover, of "going to the Hustings, quite fearless as to the result!" Well, the ministerial mop is dipped in the parliamentary bucket, and in a week or two its contents will be trundled off to their constituents. How many of those who voted against the resolutions will return to St. Stephen's? Horsman will be unseated at Stroud--the rest of the renegade Liberals will be sent about their busi- ness--the Conservative party will be decimated. There is some talk of bringing Lord Stanley forward in opposition to Lord John Russell. As well might Astyanax have measured strength with Nestor!--a bad figure, by the bye, for, though Lord Derby is a Hector, his son possesses no sway in the City. The Tories must descend into the lists with delf tenne on their arms, for they have revoked their original chal- lenge. They strive to shirk now the question of Reform, and go to the country with a cry of "Lord Malmesbury and peaceful policy!" The nation, however, sees through their dodge --the word is Sir Hugh Cairns's, and, therefore, classical, of course. By their Reform Bill they must stand or fall. By striving to hold for a few weeks longer place, with its power and pay, they have secured for themselves an ignominious defeat, instead of an honourable retreat. But, says rumour, those few weeks are of much consequence to certain impecu- nious gentlemen! HOW, WHEN, AND WHERE? Peace, we were told a fortnight ago, was to be secured by means of a Congress, that Russia had benevolently proposed, but how this Congress is to be constituted, when and where it is to be held, is a secret kept most religiously by all the Cabinets concerned--most pro- bably they do not know themselves. That cosmopolitan, "Miles' Boy," M on Dit, has been very busy with his conjectures as to the locale of the assembly; with unconscious satire, giving a preference to places noted for hot water and bubbles--Baden and Aix-la- Chapelle to wit. He is silent at present as to the time of meeting; his original guess, that the very appropriate first of April would be selected, having proved a failure. In reference to the constitution of the Congress, our authority informs us that Austria objects to Piedmont, being present as a principal, but that Piedmont, backed by France, insists on having a finger in the diplomatic pie-- hoping to pull out a Lombard plum; further, that Austria refuses to speak of peace unless Sardinia lay down her arms--that Sardinia laconically replies, "Come and take them;" and that Louis Napoleon is going at once to send 80,000 men over the Alps to prevent Austria from accepting his saucy little confederate's challenge, &c.;, &c.;, for half-a-dozen lines. Meantime, M. on Dit, and with him M. Tout le Monde, believes that the Congress is a sham--got up to deprive Austria of allies, and to give France and Sardinia time to complete their military preparations. THE SALTPETRE SWINDLE. A certain Count was chairman of a saltpetre com- pany. The shareholders suspected that--maugre his nobility--he cooked the accounts, and were kicking up at one of their meetings what is vulgarly termed a bobbery, when the Board-room door was thrown open, and in stalked a General in full uniform. Comte Hudson innocently asked his business. "I come from the Minister of War," replied the Brigadier. "He wishes to patronise your enterprise. There"--throw- ing down a paper--"is his order; so large a one that of course both principal and subordinates in the affair \--the Minister, the War Office clerks--I need not add, your humble servant-- will expect a handsome douceur." The fat bourgeoisie, in their greed for gain, suffered themselves to be caught like tickled trout. No more did they think of lapidating, or rather ledger- ing their chairman. The General, like Virgil's vir- tuous man, had imposed the popular tumult. 30,000 francs were voted for the bribe. Carelessly stuffing the notes into his unbuttoned breast, the General bowed and left the room, clanking his sabre and jing- ling his spurs, smoothing his moustache, and nodding his plumes in the most martial of fashions. He was hardly outside before the police had nabbed him! No General he, but a creature of the Count's, dressed up for the occasion in second-hand finery from a cos- tumier's. The owner, fearing that it had been hired to cover some design upon the Emperor's life, gave in- formation to the authorities--and we have seen the sequel. The instigator and the actor of this barefaced fraud are now in gaol, but how very nearly they succeeded! Rotten, indeed must be the state of France when such a scheme should not strike the most avaricious of shareholders as an impudent attempt upon their credulity. Imagine an English company being gulled by a similar order from the Horse Guards! A MODERN ICONOCLAST. The altar-piece of All Souls' Church, Marylebone, was destroyed a few weeks ago by some mischievous monomaniac. In all probability the same fanatic fool his more recently amused himself by mangling West's "Nativity," which has long been the pride of the Rectory Church in the same borough--it having been presented to the parish by the great American artist, in commemoration of his having commenced his me- tropolitan career, and resided for forty years in Mary- lebone. The figures look as if cannon-balls had carried off their heads, and a volley of musketry had riddled their garments. The picture--save from the associations connected with it--is worth no more now then a broken sign-board. "Done to worship God and destroy rubbish" was the inscription that the pseudo-religious ruffian left upon his handy- work. A reward of £150 has been offered for his dis- covery, and it is to be hoped that he will soon be caught, and, retributively, consigned to the custody of the painter-saint--placed for life in the incurable ward at St. Luke's. We don't know against what gem he may next raise his sacrilegious hand, if he continue at large. If Royal Academicians were the energetic guardians of Art that Lord Lyndhurst makes them out to be, they would get themselves sworn in as special constables, and hunt the madman down like a mad dog. UMBRA NUNC PULVIS. A shadow may prove a very substantial grievance-- the shadow of your wife exposed, against your wish, to public gaze in the case of a photographer. I know that I should not like to see a lot of vulgar Cockneys criticising the "points" of my darling Hephzibah (I have got a Hephzibah now--at least, am going to have--and my word! ain't she a stunner?) That style of examination may do for a horse, but it is atrociously out of place when applied to a Houri. I therefore fully sympathise with one Mr. Mills, of Oxford-street, who, finding all his entreaties to have the likeness removed disregarded, took a stout cudgel, smashed the case that contained Mrs. Mills's por- trait, and pounded the same into pieces. It is a pity that he did not break the saucy pho- tographer's head as well. The magistrate before whom Mr. Mills was brought was obliged to mulct him for the damage he had done, but inflicted the very lowest fine possible; intimating moreover, that it is very doubtful whether an artist of any kind can legally exhibit a portrait contrary to the desire of the person so exhibited. Messrs. Dalton and Freeman had better look out. Some of the frights they show cannot, surely, wish to be the laughing-stocks of George-street! "A. B." Those initials stand for first-class ability, in songs as well as seamanship. Unlike Catherine Hayes, whose puffed up foieign fame has been ruthlessly pricked by domestic critics, Anna Bishop has grown in favour with the metropolitan and provincial public. The good Manchester people went mad about her. At the Crystal Palace and St. James's Hall she con- stantly meets with what gentlemen who "do the theatres" denominate an "ovation." During Fas- sion Week she is to be a Star in the East, having ac- cepted an engagement at the Standard. (Mr. Douglas caters for his oriental audience far more conscien- tiously than Mr. Gye for his occidental. Nothing but the cream of talent will satisfy the former, whilst the latter has opened his season and insulted the town with a meagre army of unmusical muffs.) The following extract from a letter that I received a day or two ago from Madame Bishop, will, I know, be right welcome to the eyes of thousands of her Austra- lian admirers:-- "Do, pray, when you write again, think of me, and say what pleasing recollections I have of the past--of all the good people in the colonies; and that I hope, when this new line of steamers from Panama begins to run, to have the chance of paying them another visit." Another reason for insisting on the Panama Route! A COMPOSER'S CAPRICE. The production of Meyerbeer's new opera, the "Pardon de Ploermel," has been long delayed at Paris. Why, think you?--one of the dramatis personæ is a goat, and scores of billys had to be tried before a sufficiently well-behaved one could be found to take the part. Some, instead, took flying leaps over the footlights into the orchestra; some butted irreverently at the maestro, and entangled their horns in the prima donna's hoops; the penultimate beardy, in the midst of a most pathetic passage, was suddenly seized with diarrhœa, and made no secret of the fact. At length, however, the role is satisfactorily filled--for the present, that is to say. The lady who leads about Herr Capricorn is in everlasting dread that his de- corum is merely assumed, and that he secretly intends in a few days, in some critical portion of the piece, to "bring the house down" in a way which, most cer- tainly, the composer never contemplated. Puniic OriMON IN TUANCF -Hie Ministerial journals are \crj indignant at the London news, papers for presuming to say that the grcit mass of the Trench people disapproie strongly of the impending w ar Yet that they do so is an undoubted fact One cannot go to souxc or dinner without meeting people who denounce this w ar w lth vehemence , at club and cafe almost ev erybody w ho has got anv thing to loic is against it, the bishops and clcrg) are enrncstl) op posed to it, not only because professional dut) requires them to be on the side of pence, but because they fear that war will endanger the Papac) , the clergj of the dissenting denominations are against it because it u barbarous and anti-Cliristian , the trading classes, be cause it is airead) the rum of trade , the peasantrj and the working classes, because it will diminish employ mont, and require them to be maimed and kdled I verdj belicie that if all Frenchmen w ere polled and to v oto honestl j, there w ould be found on the side of war -(1) the Emperor , (2) the Prince Napoleon, (3) the joungcr officers of the arm) who want p omotion the marshals and cider officers arc in favour of peace (4) a score or so of journalists, who would be glad to have evcitmg matters to write about m their papers lo) two or three hundred revolutionists, who think war may lead to that " grand smash m Europe for which they are seeking , (0) a do?en or two hack politicians who hate the Empire, and think that war is the best means of overthrowing it, and (7) the dis- reputable folk who pass their days in lounsmg in cafés, m playing dommocs and billiards, and in tal mg politics Ali the rest of the 30,000,000 of French people are for peace,-Paris Correspondent of the iw» Bin ADSTUI rs I> AMI Kiev- Hie Washington cor respondent of the New York Cornier a d Ewrer alludes to the compáratee prices of brendstiuts ui England and the United States -" The latest quota turns for wheat in London show the price of orena stuffs to be absolutely lower in the Englishmarkets,D some 15 cents per bushel than in the United -tates Hie reason, therefore, whj exportation m this unp« taut article of our foreign trade has fallen off is not abundance abroad, but scnrcitv here »e,T\e!V0 surplus, and pnce- of wheat and corn in our dome ti markets arc uiiusuallj high The truth is that to countr) issuffeimg grievously from a »early g ncral failure of our provision crops for three or four suce« 81V e ) ears Indian corn and oats w ere almost ruined lastrar by drought, and the wheat bj bast The sam¿ thing has happened three times since 18o3, w th th» additional calamity that potatoes and «otó gore rally have failed from'drought ever) season «nee 185 but that of 1858 No period of undoubted and an ínt d prosperity can le looked for throughout the United States until after at least two favourable sea Ss for cS and roots The condition of the c un trv in this respect is the same as in 1837-38, w tien » fore gn HcïZ banking house w rote vuth «ÜJ» 3prudence, that they did not care foi-un «tm$ m an agricultural country which imported its tero ïhe public revenue from Customs «ay revisor brief season, and commerce ma) d.splaj »JT^ooBC actuitj, but there can be no permanent "»prorfflW» ûntd eiüierwc are relieved from ^teT¡¿$$ manufactures or are enabled by a well-directed nu»» try to extract from the earth the means to pay w what we buy of them 