Whims Victoria and New South Wales are busy re-arrauging ministries and preparing for intercolonial cricket, their younger and usually less ambitious South Australian sister has betaken herself, it seems, to tho library and tho studio. We are told of an exhibi tion of local paintings in Adelaide, we are presented with a ' Gawler prize poem,' and we hear of a publisher in the sequestered rural locality of Mount Barker, hitherto un known to fame, havins brought out a novel, and wliat is more, sold all tho copies. We do not linow what tbeispictures may bo like ; the prize poem, is not indicative of any latent poetic genius in the sunny neighboring1 land of corn and wine ; but wo are informed, for we have not seen it, that tho novel, Australian in sub ject and incidents, is a very natural and pleasing production, and must be regarded as a success. Our neighbors are, it appears, re solved not to incur willingly the imputation of Bccotian dulnesa bo often attached to bu colic communities. This early premium on local talent is proof of earnest feeling in the matter; and however we may smile at the prize poem, or be sceptical of the art exhibition, there is some ching in the enterprise o£ the secluded but spirited Mount Barker Arcadia, which commands our respect. Tho occurrence is somewhat of a reproach to go- ahead Mel bourne, and comparatively ancient Sydney, so backward in the publishing wuy; for our local literature is still confined to the newspapers, and yet we possess a very considerable reading public. The multi farious population of Victoria comprises a large proportion of men of education — far larger than in any other now country on the globe, and families of wealth and leisure ar« numcroua er.uugh on tho continent. It would not be extraordinary, therefore, if the footsteps were already patent of the coming Australian muses, yet destined to constitute, like those of America, one more now and dis tinct element in British literature — on.9 more addition to tho several characteristic na tional elements which find expression in the rich and copious English tongue. A lan guage which excels all other modern ones in its diffusion over the globe, as well as in its inherent merits of breadth and flexibility ; and whose comparative superiority is still more apparent now than when Camdejt three hundred years ago so quaintly sounded its praises — over the Italian, ' which is pleasant, but without sinewes as a still fleeting water' — ' over the French, ' which is delicate, but even nice as a woman, scarce openiiig her lippes for fear of marring her countenance' — over the Spanish, ' which, though majesticall, is somewhat fulsome, running too much on the O, and terrible as tho divell in tho play' — over the Dutch (German) ' which is man like, but withal very harsh, as oue ready at evory word to picko a quarrell.' But it is not merely in the superior copiousness and variety of tho language that the literature printed in the British tongue has now tbe vantage ground. It is also in the fact of its comprehending the spirit and characteristics of different nations. Each of the coutinontal literatures is sui generis, but English is not only so, but likewise ombraces in its circle dis tinct schools, which present naturally and in considerable degree tho good points of which its several foreign rivals are proud. As the Athenaiutn has pointed out, there are four national styles in English writing, and excellence in each is best preserved by the writer's adhesion to that which is his native one. Tho native English writer, like the woll-dressed Englishman, is unadorned aud substantial, auJ exhibits those sterling qualities which Emerson praises. He does not deal in antithesis or metaphor, which tho men of the South find so telling. Terse and stoadfast Bacon and polished aud more circumambient 'Addison are different but excellent examples of that 'pure well of Euglish undefilod' which flows on to-day from many vigorous hands. Though the in habitants of Scotland are of mixed origin the lowland dialect is a genuine representation of the Anglo-Saxon, and that circumstance bus helped a school of whom BuitKa with his pith and power ia tho heart, and Gablyle with his germanc5quo quaintness the head, to revive in our language many valuable ob solete words and a strong original current of tho Teutonic expressiveness. The English language was not in use among any class of the population of Ireland until within tho last century and half, but since then her writers, from Sterne downwards through Magisn, have contributed a numerons body of pens and a style who3e chief characteristic has been tho same Celtic vivacity, grave or gay, which has always marked the literature of France. The Americans likowiso lean to tho emotional — the gift of their warm sum mers and hybrid extraction. Poe is as weird like as the gloomy fanciful Bohemian ; Wil lis is as lively in his sun-pictures as a Pari sion feuilletonist ; Pkkscott is at times almost as picturesque as Micuelet, and IiWiNG is a sentimentalist, though never out of bounds. He turns hia sentiment to uoble account, for instanco in his life of Columbus, which must bo regarded an the. most beautiful and appropriate biography in ' the language. Considering the incidents of American settlement and history, it is perhaps to be wondered at that a national literature was not there created sooner, aud that it ia not now richer. Au abundant field was beyond the Atlantic for the romance writer and the poet at auy rate. Compared with that of our transatlantic cousins the career of Australia has been so far prosaic enough. No re fugee Mayflower flight, no Pilgrim Fathers alone among the furious heathen, no.Poca hontas love-story, no Kentucky ' bloody ground,' no border wars with Frenchmen or Indian, no family jars with mother country. There was room for the cogitation of the antiquary in tho mysterious relic3 of Norse vikings on New England coasts, and in the still more inscrutable masonic rubs of somo by-gone civilisation, now overgrown by the forest. There was a grand field for the ethuologist in the multitudinous Indian tribes, with social aspect varying from the barbaric splendor of the Aztec, reminding you of Marco Polo's wondrous tales of Kubla. Khan, down to the nomad life of Mohawk or Mohican, who followed the elk and scalped his enemy by the Hudson or St. Lawrence. It was a marvel that there was no novel writer before Cooper, for that Indian was about the very best natural material for a three volume hero of any other individual on the ring of the world — a cross, as some one expresses it, be tween the stoicism of the ancient Roman au'l the stateliuess of the modern Spaniard. So polite and yet so savage— such a darling tiger of a man, as the^rwna donna in Geokgb Sands' novel says uf the terrible pandour Fhanz Tkenok ! Quite a ready-made epic in fact, only waiting to be streaked out in printer's ink — a telling daguerreotype, whether stalking in his war paint with noise less tread through the northern forests, or scouring on his courser, buffalo robeflutteriug behind, the trackless prairies of the far west. Then there were' pirates in ' the Gulf' like Captain Kyd, and French foemen on the frontier like dashing Montoalm. Then thero was the quarrel over the tea question — ' the beverage which cheers but does not inebriate' (we wonder how this incident has esjaped the notice of the anti-teetotallers) — winding up with a terrible clattering of crockery aud Bunker's Hill and stars and stripes. Surely here was enough of stirring matter for poets of every calibre from Homer to Haeuy the Rhymer — pabulum illimi table for all tho circulating libraries without any further sacreligious distiirbance of mediisval moulderiug bones and rusty armor, or auy more rummaging in the classic past — Kingslev, or Disraeli, or Bulwer fashion — in oearch of mosaic for a 'Hyperion' or ' Valerius' or denoue ment of Pompeii 1 From the Virginian cavalier striving for mere field-room on a sylvan seacoast, down to the fillibuster of the present day, lusting after the equator and a hemisphere — from Wolfe to Washington, from Postiao to Paul Jones thero was subject matter for an Iliad, for a set of Waverley novels, for a Louvre full of historical cartoons, for tho life labors of a Heuodotus. It is true Irving has recalled for us the curious old fashioned Dutch gables of New Amsterdam, and the equally stubborn aud angular dwellers be neath them. Hawthorne has ably taken in hand the era of the puritan pioneers so strong of soul and puarisaical witha], ? Cooper has led U3 out into the free air aud untamed life of the backwoods and the prairie. So much for painters with the pen. There was one great painter with the brush — Benjamin West — the first his torical painter of the English school ; but he flourished a hundred years ago, and he has not been ropeated. Moreover his maturity was passed in Europe and his subjects were sparingly selected from his native continent. The death of Wolfe and tho treaty of Penn with the Indians are his principal performances with a local meaning — the latter a striking subject truly, for are there any two individuals in creation so con trasted as the Quaker and tho Red Man, aud yet how well they agreed ! In historical writing Prescott has dealt with Mexico and Peru aud Bancroft with the United States. Iu the poetic way, melodious Longfellow, gentle Bryant and their compeers are pleasant singers, but no kings of song. There is no great national bard among them — no father of music, as the Mississippi is of the waters — with the echo of Niagara in his soul aud the sweep of theCamanche horseman iu Ihb verses. America has done well intellectually, but far short indeed of the material of inspiration lying profusely about on her continent and in the incidents of her career. Laws injudiciously affecting literature may be oue cause of this, but cannot be tho main cause, for the 'divine nfllatua' where it exists knows no law and bubbles up spontaneously and irresistibly as the spring. Australia has uot as yet picturesque local subjects for hei muse liko America, but that is no reason why she may not give birth by-nnd-bye to a richer, stronger aud greater literature. Holland with its rectangular canals, its fens and fat endlessly flat meadows, its omnipotent rix dollar, its men tbat sleep heavily raid lakes that slumber iu the storm, is not exactly the ground, one would say, uf inspiration, tand yet there are noble schonk of painting, Dutch and Flemish ! While on ths other hand Switzerland, land of grand St Gothard and mighty Mont Blanc, of the leaping cbamois, the larnmer-geyer and talisinanic Tell, is unrepresented in the fine avis. France, too, with hergrcat history, her fiery aud chivalrous heart, her fertile geuius producing ! great savants and statesmen, historians, dra I .matists and generals, ba3 no epic poet, for the I Henriadc is only the ghost, and a stage ghost I too, of au epic. On tho contrary, little Por ! tugal with her uueventful annals, after her ono brief spell of glory under Albuquer que, brought forth Camoen's. Tbe exist ence of genius and the production of litera ture are not solely dependent, we see, on J given conditions, and when Snorro Sturle son was a type of what was going on in far off snow-covered Iceland, at tho same time learned and froBt-bitten ; and when Euys dael, Cuyp, aud Van der Velde could take brush in hand and depict charming landscape in tho foggy atmosphere and on the monotonous banks of the Zuyder Zee, why should the infant steps of even an Albemarle street and I publishing trade in the South Australian bush astonish us, who have so much reason to bo of the nil adminu i school ? Though it will require time to form an Australian literature characteristic and racy of the soil, it is quite possible enough that there might j ho a paying local literaturo to-morrow. Whether there be talent sufficient iu the country for such beginnings we caunot vouch, but if really hero there is little doubt but that tho booksellers could turu it to a very satisfying profitable account. 