LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday. Tue SrEAKER took the chair at twenty-seven minute» past three o'clock. REMOVAL OF SILT TO FARM COVE. Mr. EGAN asked the hon. Colonial Secretary-" 1. Whether the removal of the silt from the dredge to Farm Cove, by steam-, was performed by contract during the lastyear or the present ? 2. If performed by contract, who aro the contractors ? 3. Are the terms of contract the same this year as they were last ? What are the conditions, anil what amount has been paid for that service up to this date ? 4. Have tenders been called for this year ; if so, how many were re- ceived ? 5. If no tender has been accepted, by what arrangement is the work performed ?" Mr. COWPER, in reply, said he found that the removal of the silt from the dredge was not done by contract but by agreement. The terms of the agree- ment were £2 10s. per diem less this year than the early part of last year. The conditions were, that the punts should bo towed to and from the Botanical Gardens at £3 per diem, when the steamer was so employed. The amount paid last year, namely, from June 1st, was £3G5, and up to February 28th, this year, £96. Tenders were called for twice, but no tender was received on the first occasion ; on the second, one only, and that for £5 per diem. The tender, being too high, was not ^accepted. The Treasurer ordered the Harbourmaster 'to make agreement as before (namely, at £3 per diem) with the tenderer, Mr. F. Mitchell, senior. The vessel employed was named the Aquarius. ROAD FROM WARWICK TO SPICER'S PEAK. Mr. HODGSON asked the Secretary for Lands and Public Works, " Whether it is the intention of the Government' to authorise the expenditure of a sum of money on that portion of the road leading from Warwick (district of Darling Downs) to Spicer's Peak (in the district of Moreton Bav) ? And, if so, what will be the probable amount : '* Mr. ROBERTSON, in reply, said that the distance of Warwick from Spicer's Creek was thirty-nine miles, and for the improvement of that road the special sum of £500 was allotted in 1857. That having been found insufficient to put every portion of the road in good order, another sum of £500 was allotted in 1858. The only part of the road which appeared now* to require repair was that approaching the peak ; and in the schedule of road expenditure for this year would be f(*gmd £1200 for the forty-eight miles of the same road " from Ipswich to Spicer's Peak ¡" and as that peak was not forty-eight miles from Ipswich, in that sum there was provision for the peak and a milo or two over it. PETITION. Mr. THORNTON presented a petition from certain proprietors and residents in Wynyard-square, com- plaining that, some ten years ago, they bought, at high prices, from the Government of the" day, certain allotments in the then so- called old Barrack-square, upon the condition that a portion of the land should be reserved by the Government for the purpose of forming a public square. Notwithstanding these pro- mises, the place remained in its original state, so far as the formation of a public square was concerned, and it had for some time past been made the receptacle of all the filth of the city. The petition prayed for a due consideration of these premises, and for that justice in behilf of the petitioners which they were entitled to. Petition received DISTRICT COURT ACT AMENDMENT BILL. I On the motion of Mr. COWPER this bill was read a third time. The bill then passed, and an order was made that, with the usual message, it be transmitted to the Le- gislative Council, requesting concurrence in amend- ments, SUPPLY. The nouse resolved itself into Committee of Supply. The postponed item of the further Supplementary Estimate for 1858 being first proposed, namely, £6000, to enable the trustees of the Sydney Grammar School to pay the debt incurred by them in the erec- tion of the building. Mr. COWPER, in explaining the mode in which the money had been expended, gave a detailed state- ment of the particulars, and stated that, although the Government were not strongly pledged to this expen- diture, he thought the trustees had afforded reasons which appeared to justify them in applying to the House. , Mr. GORDON considered that this item ought not to be voted without an expression of disapprobation of the-conduct of the trustees in spending th# money without PatUaawutary sanction, ' Sir "D. COOPER, as one of the trustees, »tated that if such waa the case, he, and he believed others; -oUld be inclined to resign office as trustees. He ex- plained that a great portion of the expenditure had been incurred in the erection of a porter's lodge and conveniences of decency for the boys. The expendi- ture of the establishment had been accommodated to the means afforded for its maintenance, and he be- lieved that, as complaints were made that the terms were too high for a popular institution, there would be a disposition to lower the amount. Mr. MURRAY said it appeared from the particu. lags given by tho hon. Colonial^Secretary, that he and the Attorney-General were present at a meeting when the unsanctioned expenditure waa going on and under consideration. How then could the trustees be to ' blame for what they did with the concurrence of two members of the Government ? He begged to move that the item he postponed until more satisfactory infoimation upon the matter was obtained by the committee. ^ Mr. PIDDINGTON said he should not be satisfied with a mere postponement. The most reasonable course was to negative the item ; and if the Govern, ment chose to come down next session for the vote he should be inclined to agree to it. The trustees should be taught a lesson by the temporary rejection of the vote ; but as to a notification to the trustees that their resignation would be acceptable, he did not much care. The House, however, ought to make a stand against the system which would possibly follow from the sanction of this expenditure. Sir D. COOPER explained that, at the meeting when the statement of accounts was made, the Colo- nial Secretary -was asked, in a jocular way, if the Government would sanction the expenditure, but he shook his head. (Hear, hear.) He was there as a trustee, like the rest, and they were bound by and responsible for their own acts, as officers of the insti- tution. Mr. HODGSON, referring to the complaint that the fees charged at the Grammar School were too heavy, remarked that he believed the institution was intended as a stepping-stone to the University for the : education of the children of the middle classes, for whom the fee was not too high, and that the National and Denominational schools were intended for the .poorer classes. Though he considered the trustees were much to blame for expending so large an amount of money without authority from Parliament, he was disposed to vote for the item. Sir D. COOPER went through a statement of the salaries and fees received by the masters and assist- ants in the school, and stated that they were only about two-thirds the amount paid to such masters in the other country. Mr. FORSTER said that, though he did not entirely absolve the trustees from blame, the Govern- ment had condoned for it, and had taken the whole responsibility upon themselves when they placed the item upon the Estimates, which ought not to have been done unless they were satisfied that the vote was justifiable. .He was in favour of a further postpone- ment until more favourable information as to the ex- penditure was afforded. Mr. PLUNKETT hoped a^better explanation would yet be ghin, for ho was anxious for an excuse for I voting the money, but unless it was shown that the unsanctioned expenditure was necessary, he could not vote for it. After some further explanation from the SPEAKER, Mr. MACARTHUR agreed with the hon. member for Murray, that when the Government brought down the item in the Estimates they virtually adopted the acts of the trustees and took upon themselves the entire responsibility. At the same time he should be sorry to see the sum rejected thus summarily, because he was afraid it might interrupt the progress of educa- tion for a time, and because there could be no doubt that the money would have after all to be voted. He therefore preferred to adopt the course pointed out by the hon. member for the Southern Boroughs, namely, to postpone the item in order to allow of further in- formation being afforded. Mr. MURRAY remaiked that he wished it to be distinctly understood that he entertained no hostile feeling to the Grammar School as an institution ; on the contrary, he had always been one of its most ardent admirers, and would be willing to do anything in a legitimate way to promote its prosperity. Nor did he think the salaries awarded to the teachers at all too high, considering the very important functions they had to perform. All that he wanted was that the Government should give information sufficient to justify the course taken by them in placing this matter on the Estimates. Mr. HART supported the motion on the ground, as he contended, that the trustees had shown abun- dant reason for the expenditure of the money. Mr. WEEKES objected particularly to the system linder which this institution was carried on, because it did not answer the purpose contemplated when it was established. That purpose was to afford a first class education to the poorer classes ; and what was the consequence ? Why, the fees were so high that the poorer classes were unable to send their children to the institution at all. Thus, all grades of the community were heavily taxed for the sole purpose of educating the children of the rich, whose means rendered them entirely independent of such assistance. The principle which he now advocated was the same as that upon which the Sydney Univer- sity had been founded, and he believed it met with the geneial concurrence of the colony. Neither did he agree with some honorable members that grammar schools should be confined entirely to Sydney ; on the contrary, lie thought they were more especially required in the country districts, inasmuch as in those districts the opportunities of affording a liberal education were infinitely more limited than in Sydney. Mr. DENIEHY expressed himself to the same effect as Mr. Weekes with regard to the desirability of grammar-schools in the provincial towns of the colony. He however censured the mode in which these institutions were sometimes managed, and agreed with Mr. Murray as to the expediency of postponing the item until further in- formation had been obtained. In saying this, he had no wish to have it understood that he entertained the slightest ill-feeling towards the Sydney Grammar School, nor did he find fault with the" rate of salaries awarded to the teachers, believing as he always did that gentlemen engaged in the scholastic profession should be very liberallv paid. ' In answer to Mr. DÈNIEHY, Mr. COWPER said that it was the intention of the present Ministry, should they remain in power, to in- troduce a complete measure with reference to educa- tion, one object of which was to establish grammar schools in all the more principal towns of the colony. After some further remarks from the hon. member, pointing out the uselessness of postponing the item for further consideration, The> amendment was put and negatived, and the committee divided on the original motion, which was carried by a majority of 20 to 7. Mr. COWPER moved the sum of £9308 6s. 8d. for public worship, to be appropriated as follows : Compensation for the loss of tbc addition to the ?Upends of the ministers of religion provided for under Schedule C . . .£5658 0 8 Compensation for the loss of stipends to tho ministers of religion, not provided for under Sohodule C. 3050 0 0 An objection was taken that the above amounts having been before refused by the House, could not be again proposed ; but it was overruled by the Chairman. Mr. FORSTER objected that no particulars had been afforded as tothepeculiar hardships or wrong done to the persons requiring compensation. The Govern- ment had the disposal of £28,000 for public worship under Schedule C, and they had been appropriated in an illegal way. The present application was in fact only the supplement to Schedule C under another shape ; a large portion would, he understood, go to swell the incomes of the church dignitaries. He objected to the acknowledgment in this way of the titles of those dignitaries, by giving them larger incomes to enable them to keep up their positions. He would not vote for compensation until he knew the class of cases to which it was to be applied. Until it could be shewn that an engagement^ had been made on the part of the Go- vernment with the parties concerned, he should de- cline voting any money to them. Mr. COWPER defended the appropriation com- plained of; the money was appropriated under Im- perial instructions ; there was no handing it over to corporations. The principle on which the present ap- propriation was adjusted was, where an addition had been made to the stipend, six months of that addition would be given ; and where clergymen were located with gold-fields they should have this year's income but henceforth they should have no* claim on the Government. This was a measure of justice, and was intended to be a final appropriation. Mr. WEEKES supported the vote.' * Mr. HART, though opposed to State aid, approved of the rote, referring to an act passed in the reign of George the Fourth, in vindication of the payment of clergymen according to their respective ranks. Mi. PIDDINGTON« agreed to the vote-under- standing that the sum was, given simply for compen I saturn, and in full of all demands, i Mr. PLUNKETT supported the vote, as a measure of justice to the "rler-rymen who had"been" unjustly deprived of parts oí their salariés. ' ' ' Mr. WILLIAMSON" opposed the vote. The ap- propriation had been caliea an act of generosity ahd justice ; but the money was taken out of the pocket» of the public against their will. Mr. BYRNES was in favour of the vote, consider- ing that great injustice would be done if the appro- priations were not granted. Mr. EGAN exposed the excuse for the present appropriation, that the Government pledged it should be final j they could only speak for themselves, and might not be in office in the next session. Mr. RICHARDSON opposed the Tote, and con- tended that every minister should be supported by lus own congregation. Mr. ROTTON was opposed to State-aid, but he thought with regard to this item no injustice would bo "done to any of the ministers, because they were al- ready enjoying the £28,000 that had been voted. The £14,000 that had been withdrawn had been voted previously only as a supplement to the £28,000, and as a temporary measure, therefore the ministers of the gold-fields who enjoyed salaries paid out of this sum could not blame this House for having negatived it. He should oppose the vote. Mr. JENKINS supported the vote on the ground that great injustice had been done to several ministers in consequence of the withdrawal of the sum of £14,000. Mr. FORSTER opposed the vote. He would, how- ever, say that if the compensation were to be given to those ministers whose salaries were under £200, he would have been inclined to accept this compromise ; but as it was proposed to give some of this money to mercase the salaries of the bishops and other digni- taries, he should Vote against the item. Mr. ROBERTSON supported the vote. Mr. PLUNKETT condemned the conduct of the Government in the course they took when they brought on the vote for £14,000, but was glad to find that they atlast intended to reform the act of injustice they had committed. Ho denied that this was a final settle raent of the question, and trusted that, as the Soli- citor-General had so well expressed himself on the question of State-aid lately, that he w'ould influence lüs colleagues, in alteiing their ^ decision with respect to this question. Mr. DENIEHY opposed the voto, on the ground that the compensation would not be divided equally «among the clergy. Mr. J. CAMPBELL was opposed to State-aid, be- cause he objected to supporting four differentreligions. Ile intended to vote against the motion. After a few remarks from Mr. FORSTER and Mr. DENIEHY, the question was put, and the House divided with the following result :-Ayes, 21 ; noes, 7. Ayes, 21. Noes, 7. Mr. Cowper Mr. Richardson Hargrave Flood Robertson Deniehy Jenkins J. Campbell Hart ' - Rotten Enan Forster ) Tellpr« Gordon -Williamson J leuer»* Piddington Hay Faucett Murray Jamison Plunkett Jones Suttor Dickson Oakes Hodgson Macarthur Byrnes ¡Tellers Weekes jlellcrs The announcement of the numbers was received with loud cheers and counter cheers. The following item was carried without opposi- tion : LrOI8L-.TIVB AsSFalBLT. To meet the expense of short-hand writers . £25 0 0 Mr. COWPER moved the following items. IiEOISLATIVB COUNCIL AMI ASSEMBLY. Increase to salary or the librarian, from £300 to £100 £IG0 0 0 Increase to salary of assistant librarian, from £201) to £250 . . . . «0 0 0 Total . £150 0 6 Mr. ROTTON opposed the vote. Mr. COWPER explained that this increase to the salary of the librarian was put down in consequence of a vote of this House. The motion was put and carried. It was then moved that there be granted a sum of £2000 to meet the expense of new postal lines within and beyond the settled districts. In reply to a remark by Mr. MURRAY, it was stated by Mr. COWPER that the lines were not de- termined upon at present ; the vote was, to some ex- tent, a contingent one, to meet applications that occa- sionally were made. Mr. HAY and Mr. MURRAY opposed the item on the ground that there was not sufficient information before the committee to show to what places the money was to be appropriated. The House divided, when there appeared a majority in favour of the vote, which was therefore passed. It was then moved that there be granted a sum of £lD5t 14s., to meet the deficiency in the amount voted in 1858 for assisted emigration from the United Kingdom. I ¡Agreed to without debate. It was then moved and agreed to that there be granted £208 for two runners in connection with the Shipping OlHce. The following items were then moved : Fouce, Country Districts. Deniliquin and Moama : Increase to salary of police magistrate for performing _ duty at Moulamein, from £375 to £530 ...... £155 0 0 Lang's Crossing-placo : Difference between palary of police magistrate acting as clerk of petty sessions, Moulamein, and that of a police magistrate ; to do duty also at Bal- ranald . . . . 50 0 0 Clerk of netty sessions _... . . 175 0 0 Chief constable . " . . 175 0 0 Three ordinary constables, at £100 . . 300 0 0 Furage allowance to Police magistrate ... * ,. 45 0 0 Callandoon : . Clerk of petty sessions . * . .; 175 0 0 Chief oonstablo . . . 150 0 0 Threo ordinary constables, at £100. ...... 300 0 0 Condobolin : > Clerk of petty sessions . . . 175 0 0 Chief constable . . . 150 0 0 Three ordinary constables, at £100 ...... ...... 300 0 0 Barraba : District constable . . *.", 114 0 0 Two ordinary constables, at £100 . 200 0 0 Eden: Forai-o allowance bo Police Magistrate for performing duty at Panbula, Bega, and Bombala .. . 45 0 -0 Pookataroo: " . - District constable . . . 114 0 0 Two ordinary constables, ut £100 . . 200 0 0 Binda : District constable . . . '114 0 0 Two ordinary constables, at £109 ,. . 200 0 0 Total .£3137 0 0 After a few explanations from the COLONIAL SECRETARY, the vote was agreed to. The undermentioned items were agreed to without debate ; Sydney G»ol : To meet deficiency in amount voted for stores and conlingenciesfor 185S... . . £708 14 9 Goulburn Gaol : To meet deficiency in the amount voted for provisions for 1858 . . . . 98 3,10 The Printing Office : To meet deficiency in the sum voted for wages to workmer. and apprentices, and for the purchase of additional type-1858 . < . 1823 8 1 Observatory : Repairs to the great circle of the transit Instrument further sum . . . 10 0 8 Allowance in lieu of house rent for tho Astronomer, from 1st January to 15th April, 1858 . 48 2 0 It was then moved that there be granted a sum of £173 7s. 6d. for lodging allowance to the brigade- ¡ major, at 9s. 6d. per diem. In reply to remarks from Mr. FORSTER and Mr. FLOOD, who opposed the vote, Mr. COWPER stated that a certificate was given, as required, de- claring that there waa not accommodation for the brigade-major at the "Victoria barracks. On a division the vote was negatived by a majority of 15 to IG. The following items were then agreed to :-? Charitable Allowances : > Ia support of the Establishment of the Benevolent Society, Sydney, further sum . .£3000 0 0 In aid of the erection of an hospital at Carcoir, on condition of an equal amount being raised by private subscriptions . . 650 0 It was moved that there be granted in aid of public institutions In aid of the Building Fund of the Sydney School of Arts, on condition of an equal Bum being raised by private subscriptions . .£2000 0> 0 In uld of the erection of the Newtown School of Arts, on like oonditktn . . . 500 0 0 In aid of the Ipswich School of Art«, on like condi- tion, until a building be erected. . 100 0 0 In aid of the erection of the Temperance Hall, Sydney, on the like condition. . . 1080 0 0 Mr. FORSTER moved the reduction of the; amount by £1000 (in aid of the erection of the Temperance Mr.WEEKES supported the item for a Temperance Hall. Mr. HAY said it was not because an institution was good that therefore the State should step in and support it. If such a principle wera right then all the arguments against State support to religion were wrong. To carry it to its fullest extent, the State | would be bound to support every institution which i professed to have a valuable object in view. ' Mr. WILLIAMSON ^aii the State support in the 1 one ewe was for sectarian purpose», b4 tola case it "waiT&T; an «"tnowledged and palpable good. He con tended'tV* V g"n»t»»g support to such an institution as this, theT" wouldr in a political point of view,, ser» both' a mond ftnd an economical purpose, inasmuch as they wouliJ m the one case promote the good order and moral well- being of the community, andinTthe other lessen the public expenditure for criminal pur- poses. The Committee divi_ed upon the motton for a re- daction of the amount for the Temperance Hall, which was negatived by st majority of 13 to 8 ; and the whole of the items were» agreed to on a further division which showed 16 in favour, and 5 against them. The Chairman left the chair, reported resolutions to the House, the report was adopted, and leave -ivas given to sit again to-morrow (Fridav.) r. MESSAGE FROM THE LEGISLATIVE , COUNCIL. Tlie SPEAKER reported that he had received the ' following Messages from the Legislative Council: One intimating that the Bill to amend the Law of Libel had passed that House; and another trans* nutting amendments in the Universities Graduates Bill. POSTPONEMENT. 3Ir. DENIEHY postponed his motion relative to the correspondence between the Bench of Magistrates at Armidale and the Government. SURVEY DEPARTMENT. Mr. JENKINS moved that proceedings before the Select Committee of last session, appointed to enquire into the Survey department, be laid on the table. Granted. WAYS AND MEANS. The resumption of the committee was postponed. POSTPONEMENT. The remaining business was postponed, with the ex- - ception of the Moreton Bay Assistant District Judges' Appointment Bill, -which was withdrawn by Mr. Plunkett. The House adjourned at twenty-fho minutes past eleven, until three o'clock to- morrow (this day). St. Matthias' Church, Padd-noto*.-The cere- mony of laying the foundation stone of a nevy church at Paddington was performed by the Bishop of Sydney, yesterday afternoon. The ground on which the new church is to be erected is situate to the right of the Waverley Road, and commands a fine view of the harbour of Port Jackson, Botany Bay, arid the surrounding country. The parochial school-house which answers the double purpose of church arid school- house-having been found too small to accom- modate the Church of England parishioners in that locality, it was determined by the trustees, about two years since, to enlarge the building. The enlargement was commenced and the work proceeded with for some time, but was subsequently abandoned, on the ground that when completed it would still be deficient in accommodation, and unsuited to the purpose for which it was" being enlarged. It was then deemed advisable for many reasons to erect an entirely new church, and this being decided, the Government were applied to for a grant of land, the site adjoining that on which the school-house is erected being unsuitable. The result of that application was the granting of the land on which the church and parsonage house are to ,be erected. It is an acre in extent, and is situate in a much more commanding and central position than that on which the school-house stands. Yesterday after- noon a large concourse of persons-many of them of the ¿lite of Sydney society-availed themselves of the beautifully fine weather to witness the inteiesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone. At four' o'clock, all the preliminary arrangements having been completed, the Bishop proceeded to the ground, and the service was commenced. Besides the Bishop and Dean of Sydney, there were present the Revs. Messrs. Brennan (the incumbent of the parish), Richardson, Croxton, Moreton, Hulton King, and a great number of influential lay members of the Church of England. The service was commenced by the Rev. Mr. Brennan, who read the 132nd Psalm ; the lesson from 1 Cor. iii., and the collect for St. Matthias' Day. Mr. E. Bell, the architect, then read the document, which was subsequently enclosed in a bottle and placed in cavity of the stone. This document contained the particulars of the date and name of the person laying the stone, together with the names of the trustees. These gentlemen are William Godfrey M'Carthy, Edward Bell, William T. Cape, Thomas Underwood", and John Humphrey. The stone was then lowered into its place, and the Bishop (in the absence of his Excel- lency the Governor-General, who was to have per- formed the ceremony, but, in consequence of tempo- rary illness, was prevented from attending) laid it with the usual form, pronouncing at the same time the following words :-" I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named the Church of St. Matthias, ond to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' ' More prayers were then read, and a hymn, having been (¡ung by the school children, the Bishop proceeded to address the assemblage. In commencing his address he expressed regret that hia Excellency Sir William Denison had been prevented by indisposition from taking part in the service in which they were then engaged. He hoped, however, that the illness was only temporary, and that ore long he would be restored to perfect health. He (the Bishop) had received a note from his Excellency, in which he expressed the sorrow he felt in being pre- vented from attending, and stated that it affoided him great gratification at observing the increase in the number of churches in the colony. The Bishop here took occasion to advert to the many valuable ser- vices which Sir William Denison had rendered to the Church since his arrival here as Governor General. Not only to the Church of England, but to other churches and to the various philanthropic socie- ties of the city, he had proved himself a liberal and true friend ; and ho (the speaker) most cordially agreed with the sentiments of the Rev. W. Cuthbert- son, who on the previous evening at a public meeting had pronounced on his Excellency an eloquently ex- pressed panegyric. After dwelling for some time on the more immediate obj ects contemplated in the erection of the new church, his Lordship retired, when Mr. W. T. Capo, one of the trustees, briefly addressed himself to the business matters of the present event. It appears that at present there is about £100 in hand ; this it was understood would be consider- ably augmented by a number of donations that had been promised, also from the proceeds of the tea (all the provisions having been furnished gratuitously by the ladies), and by collecting cards. As the church when completed will, of necessity, cost a very large sum, the trustees purpose at" present to erect the chancel transept, and part of the nave onlv. This will cost about £2200, and will accommodate 540 persons. When the nave is completed, the sittings, accordmg to the plans adopted, will accommodate 740 persons, for an estimated outlay of £3000. Should the population-or more properly the parishioners -of Paddington increase in number? so that increased accommodation should bo required three small galleries can be erected at a cost of about £600, each' to accommodate one hundred persons. This would swell the total outlay to £1200, and would afford accommodation to 1040 persons. The church is to be built in the Gothic style, and, when completed, will be a handsome edifice. The plans have been drawn and presented by Mr. E. Bell (city engineer), who also purpurses superintending the erection gratu- itously. At the conclusion of the service on the ground, the company repaired to a large tent (bor- rowed from the Horticultural Society) erected near the School- house, where, as before remarked, tea had been provided by the ladies connected with the church. The tables were bountifully supplied with tea. coffee, cake in great variety, and all the requisites of a pleasant reunion. The tent , had been tastefully decorated by the Misses Bell and M'Carthy - with flowers, banana leaves and other evergreens, which had a very pleasing effect. Justice having been done to the excellent pro- visions, the necessary arrangements were made and the Bishop took the chair. After a few appropriate remarks, the chairman called on Mi. Lownds, the secretary, to read a statement respecting their present financial position, a digest of which is incorporated above. The meeting was subsequently addressed by the chairman, the Dean of Sydney, and the Rev. Mr. Brennan. Shortly after nine o'clock the proceedings^ which had been deeply interesting throughout, were brought to a close by singing the doxology, and the meeting broke up, Lectuiie on PiniENOLc-aY.-A lecture on practical phrenology was delivered last evening in the School of Arts by Mr. A. S. Hamilton. The attendance was numerous, but not full-probably from the fact that a lady has recently letfured on a similar subject. The lecture was illustrated by diagrams, casts, and manipu- lations of the heads of several well-known persona from among the audience. Three aborigines were brought on to the platform by Ihe lctturer, who,- after manipulation, described the phrenological peculiaritie^ of their heads. The lecture was an exceedingly ao>. mated one, and seemed to give satisfaction to' r"tte assemblage, which testified its approyal i^ ^eqnent ewstfj of applause. 