THE RELIGIOUS REVIVAL IN IRELAND, , [From the Times 17 Sept.] The Irish religious revivals have been now for some timo exciting so much curiosity that tourists go to the North to see the phenomenon. Explanation has been more than usually ingenious, and psychologists have brought them 'under a particular head -- the genus hysterical, It has been observed that preachers pitch their note at a particular height, and go upon upon it, which note is ascertained to be the hysterical note, known to medical men as having a particular effect upon nervous systems, working them up to a sort of frenzy, if long dwelt upon. We presume this explanation allows some room for the force of doctrine and theolo- gical influences as well, otherwise a pitch pipe could work a religious revival. As far as we can make out, there seems no particular difference between this Irish and other religious revivals. These manifestations are perfectly well known facts of religious life. There are local revivals going on always in the Me- thodist districts in this country; it is only when the spiritual inoculation is on a particularly large scale that it attracts notice, as it does now. There appear to have been a great many of the common effects produced on this occasion, people struck in a moment with violent overwhelming impressions, which make them fall to the ground, where they lie stuplfied or uttering cries. The feeling which throws the victim into this fit is said to be an intense sudden conviction of sin, which in an instant lightens up the darkness within made visible by momentary glare. The sinner starts back in horror at the cavern in which he at once finds himself; he sees death straight before him; the revelation of Divine wrath is too much for the mortal frame to bear, and he becomes insensible. This is "conversion." It is supposed that the dreadful vision is never parted with, even when the victim has revived after the prostration produced by the first sudden sight of it, but that it accompanies him through life, and makes it, as it were, impossible that he should fall back into habitual sin again. Miraculous effects, marvevellous coincidences, second sights, sounds in the air, heavenly impulses, and mysterious visitings from the invisible world accompany these occasions, and the Irish revival seems to have its share of them. Young women are particularly favoured with these communications. The extracts from the Irish papers yesterday in our columns gave some instances. These miraculous impressions and violent effects are said, however, to be the exceptions, the main result of the movement being increased seriousness of the ordinary kind, crowded attendance at places of worship, and a general apparent awakening of religious feeling. It must be remembered that the Dis- senters have a different standard of con- version from that of the Church. Our seats and especially the methodist, look upon a "conversion" as a sudden thing; they do not recognize gradual conversion, taking place insensibly in the course of time, as the result of slow ordinary influences; individuals may think this "conversion," but the popular creed only acknowledges the other kind. The sudden conversion of the individual being the ordinary rule, we have only to add the gregarious or sympathetic principle, and we see imme- diately that extraordinary effects must be sometimes produced. So long as sudden individual conversion goes on in a scattered way it is a quiet thing enough, but the instant people are converted sud- denly, and also converted together, there is of course a scene, and a movement begins. All the conversions that would otherwise take place separately now take place congregationally, in public, amid the stimulants and excitements of the preacher's appeals; spark kindles spark, the whole effect is multiplied tenfold by sympathy, each case of conversion inten- sifies the one next to it, heightens its sensations, exaggerates its symptoms, and makes it more of a phe- nomenon. A Church of England con- gregation could never become a scene of this demonstrative sort, because if it were addressed ever so effectively and powerfully, if the preacher were not a Canon of Westminster, but an angel from Heaven, its standard of conversion does not allow suddenness, or therefore give room to the action of sympathy. Three thousand of them might be undergoing conversion at once, and nobody would see anything; it would be all noiseless and as invisible as thought itself. The glacier- like movement would not attract the slightest attention, and the whole mass would go out of the church, looking very much the same as when they went in, because the process in their case is long and steady, takes its time, does not hurry itself, and has no tangible and sen- sible climax. There is no fear, then, that either St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey will ever witness, after the most "awakening" succession of sermons in the naves, such effects as these. But where the'principle of sudden conversion reigns it must be always liable to an ex- traordinary development under the influ- ence of the additional principle of sym- pathy. The principie of sympathy will produce a scene, one scene will produce another scene, and so the movement will spread. It is difficult to measure exactly the praise or the blame of a whole religious revival like the present one in Ireland. Religion, unfortunately, hardly ever gets the aid of impulse and excitement without getting a great deal more of it than it wants, and being overwhelmed by its ally. But it does want a certain amount of this, and therefore when it gets it, even though the excess will be injurious, it will have gained an advantage to a certain point. A great many people have, doubtless, had serious impressions implanted in them at such times, which they never afterwards lose. Even the fanatical excesses of such a movement bear witness, amid their extravagance and their delusions, to the deep power of the religious principle in human nature, to its reality and life. The fault appears to be, when we sift the matter to the bottom, that they make a spiritual luxury and a dramatic excitement of a principle which was implanted in human nature as a motive to action. The sense of the supernatural is most excellent as a basis, something at the bottom of the mind which makes it act with reference to another world. But if this sense of the supernatural is drawn out of its modest practical place, in which it does meet real service and work up to the surface of things, and indulged in on its own account simply as having to do with the super- natural and invisible world, it then be- comes a mere luxury and excitement, just like any dramatic appeal to any pas- sion or sentiment. It is evident what an intense interest alll forms of allusion to the supernatural world, all conjectures about it, even the wildest fancies about it, when vividly expressed, create. Anybody who has heard a good ghost story well told has observed this. These revivals do, in a different form, surround people for the time with an atmosphere of supernaturalisin, with its characteristic in- terests and attractions. People feel as if they were relieved from the dry prosaic pressure of common life, and were trans- planted to a scene of spontaneous wonder and mystery, where deep impressions were the order of nature, and could be got and sustained without effort. These violent demonstrations -- the sudden pros- tration, the horror, the stupefaction, the ecstacy -- all speak of invisible influences at work around them, and impart the idea of belonging to another world. The idea is sustained professedly as a conscien- tious duty, but is really indulged as an unconscious luxury -- a spiritual luxury -- a luxury of religious sentiment and imagination. This is a form of pleasure and excitement which is not confined to medievalists, or poets, mesmerists, or spirit rappers; the rigid Puritan is as open to it as the reader'of romances, and the Irish Presbyterian, Baptist, and In- dependent Revivalist feels it in his way as much as the Romanist believes in Virgin's visits and Addoloratas. 