■PAST AND PRESENT. To the Editor of the Getlong Advertiser, Slit,—Several years ago, before gold iu Austra lia was the cry, the following conversation took j place in Old England:— AVell, Sir, are you really going to leave us, to | emigrate? Yes, I am. Sorry to hear it, but why are you going ? Tell me why you are sorry, anil I'll then per-, haps give you some of my reasons for going. All fair. I don't like losing good neighbours; some we could spare. Thank you; but don't you know how I have lost, year after year. The same tale: competition too much for one, working hard with hand and head what use Is it. I have detrrmiued to move while 1 can. There must be better opportunities of keeping your own, and with kss anxiety, in younger communities than here: and if I am to move at all, as regards my children, I would rather do so while they are young, that their ideas may form in accordance with the country that will most probably he their home. Well, X am still sorry you are going j but every one ought to kuowhis owu matters best, and I do hopo you will not bo disappointed. ItU uo joke to break all connections. The thought's enough for me. Where do you think of going to.' India again.' India .' Don't, my dear sir, talk of emigrating to India, its absolutely infra duj. Green wouldn't thank you to bint at turning his:crack vessels into emigrant sliips. People who- have Jolm Duller John Company to hack them 30 to India; but they don't emigrate there. Weil, I beg Iudia's pardon; perhaps America or Canada 1 Caijada; I am afraid of the cold, can't stand it, shouldn't like lo be froze. The States I rather liangto. liow about slavery ? There's the Cape. They are not all slave States in America; but I have uot settled yet where we shall go. As for the Cape, I don't speak Dutch, nor dou't want toleam it. 1 don't like the Kaffirs or lions. • Australia then, or New Zealand ? New Zealand, 110; and Australia I always jum ble with Botany Bay and convicts. AVell, God bless you, wherever you go. Good bye. . Good bye. So much for the conversation; the usual sacri fices are soon after made, and a few months Liter, without further taxing your patience, the writer with many others lands in Port Phillip, his entree passed but never forgotten. And now, with many of your readers, we start again "on common ground. I have always felt for those, more than any other class, who, used to comforts at home, have had to rough it bore; but hope beckons on. In those times, though slow things were sure. Living wa3 cheap, wants, few anxieties less. There was not the madness of the gold fever," we had 110 need to lie other than a living and a let-living community. AVe were not like harpies, ready to feast on each other; not compelled to kick and struggle to keep all others down, that we might float. The discovery of gold, however, is made, and by it thousands were drawn here whom nothing else would draw. AA'hat follows ? a run, a bound, a jump, and where are we i is it well with us now ? is A'ietoria a better field for emigration than Port Phillip was 1 Vain regrets are useless, we cannot say, as you were; Port Phillip's gone; and now we have our glorious political c ireer. Some of us may occa sionally sigh for the past, but more I suppose will whistle for the good time coming. It would lio called rank heresy to say we are governed to death, that a clever Governor with officials of less sound ing titles, would do our business better than self government so far has. Only fancy manhood suffrage begging to be governed by an Indian Laurence, a ghost of Jvapier or Malcolm, a Kajali, Brooke, or a Denison. Oh, no, we must have a House of Lords, and a House of Commons, a ministry in cs« and a Ministry in poesc; a Go vernor to read speeches, and all there to send for Mr Smith or be waited 011 by Mr Jones; Judges «(2 libitum, and Attorney Generals, and Solicitor Generals, and Port -Vaster and every other General. No wonder with such pickings the houses are crowded with men who wear the correct neck-tie. One word to Manhood Suffrage. If thing3 are right keep them so. The game will soon be iu your own bauds show yourselves fit to govern yourselves by the men you select to govern you, and the old colonists will congratulato you. Solve the problem, that America and France, your great cxamplers have made a miserable attempt at. Show that you want neither a mob to rule, or a military despotism, and tbeu you will prove that men not property is tho true foundation for the franchise. Don't, for goodness sake don't, by the approach ing elections, drivo the quiet and well disposed to think more than ever, that cither by front door or back door, chimney or drain, they must get into the house to share some of the plunder, or else again to emigrate. Sir, I claim notthe character of prophet, but if during a timo of hollow prosperity one warns their fellows as I did years ago, where their reckless sailing would lay tliem, pointed out dan gers and gave what common senso and observa tion would outline as a safe chart. Such a man though 110 candidate for the sull'rages of his | fellow colonists has a right to their ears. If my advice had been acted on, denyit or sneer at it who may, it would have been better for Vic toria as a whole, it would have been far better for many of us individually. Yours, &.c., 3.1 May, 1S5D. 