. MINISTERIAL BEAR-BAITING. 'iiVmñ'ho'en a aúbíéot ¿f, general «mw* «"'.* .».* BÎncei Forster baa been Premier, "nobody bea seen him. Tb^i anteroom of the Colonial Beoretarj'e office ñ conr¡ stantly crowded with viBÍtors, ell eager and anxious t¿; -offer their.advioe and assistanoe, but two of the atontes^ 'messengers ' ara oonatantlyon gnarí at the great man'« : door, and an ingenioua meábanlo has hed a lucrativa 30k' in plaoiog one of the latest improvementa of Chubb'» pitent lock ou that forbidden portal. The Premier ia¡ not come-at-able. Like Robinson Crusoe, he ia " ont 0! humanity'a reach." 'All-these precautions are accounted for and Bought to be justified: on the ground' oí the < fearful assaults to which Forster ïaa been; exposed since" he took obarge . of the ataté.shlp; ' On one liand.-Parkea has aubsidised all the unemployed newspaper ^winner's in the metropolis, who keep a.constant watch upon every outlet of the Colonial Secretary's office, so that nobody can pass in or out without their knowledge;. and on the first glimpse of the Prime .Minister,, they are to communicate with Parkes by elcotrio telegraph. Captain Martindale, from a feeling of personal.ifriendship, engendered when' Parkea and. he wera at Oxford together, having laid down a apeolal line of wire between Brldge-street and Government House, whero'Parkóa now resides, ' having: leen temporarily appointed an extra aid-de-oamp to tbej Governor-General. It is currently rumoured thatj Forster ? has - > disguised himself by gettiagt his hair combed, bat Pariesiis aware of this, and hasiiu-j structed his agents accordingly.' Nothing can elude His! sleepless vigilance, and the probability is that the head! of the Government will be compelled to capitulate on j Farkas's terms.' These are understood to be the pri-j! vate reviaion of all Gowar'nraaut measures proposed to be1 introduced, and a aeoret veto on all appointments, witbi an undisputed right of'nomination on his own past, Nothing can caora clearly show tba impracticability and obstinacy of Forster's character than bia unreasonable! resístanos of these moderate proposais, and if he per.] slats much longer in keeping.himself shut up, his dgnal discomfiture will be dbe well-merited result, for Parkes is resolved to starve him out, rather'than raise the aisge. Owing to tho.enterprlse. and, we. may add, the philanthropy, of Blank Porter, Esquire, the distinguished chimney sweep .of Maoquarie-atreet, who is naturally well disposed to all those gentlemen who have beeb in the habit of emitting large quantities of, smoke in his immediate neighbourhood, the Colonial Secretary has hitherto been kept alive by doses of blaok pudding, oonveyed down tho chimney,'by an enterprising cadet of Mr. Porter'«, who suggested that peculiar des. cription of food as least likely to ba spoilt in the transit.' '' 1 But the ptraaveranco of Parkea is not all that poor Forster has to oontend with. Windeyer has hemmed him' in on all ' .aldsa with a sort " of cordon inaanitaire, composed of - nume- rous ' followers whose heads are too big for,'their brains, and whose especial duty it is to keep an eye on the windows ... of , the Secretary's official apartment. Windeyer had long been strongly impressed with the belief that the country would never go on smoothly until'he had a band in ita Government, and now he knows it. He works for tba present with Parkes, but means to throw bim over as soon as begets a obanoe, being well aware that Parkes meditates tito performance of the same kind office for him. Windeyer has been several limes spoken pf in connection with office, but be is tired bf being a'nly apoken of, and considers that a Solioitor- Generalsblp in the band ia worth two Attorney Generalships in the bush. He has hithertomade capital trade upon a very respectable. name, but he, finds that something more than this is wanted, and is afraid that if he doesn't soon get s footing he stands a rea- sonable chance of being nailed to the counter aa a coun- terfeit-a connter-feat that he ia not at all desirous to be the object of. - An thia ia one of his own puns," we offer rio apology for insulting the public with it. If he can only get'hold of Forater be flattera. himself that he has snob superior powers of wind even to that fountain of elcquenoe, that he will be able to talk him to a stand-' still. It, does .not refleot much oredil upon Forster's courage that he evades this fair challenge, for he lias every right to bavé; confidence in the strength aôd en- durance of bis own lunga. However, it is certainly a desperate task* to encounter an orator'of Windeyer'a stamp, and Forater is said to have declared, to the senior moasenger, through tba key-hole, that he' would SB Boon pit himselOgainst the largest pair of steam bellows in Woolwich Arsenal, In the intervals of the more aotive reconnoitering sallies of Parkea and Windeyer, a tall and stately form is occasionally seen marching into the principal gate- way, straight up the step?, pacing the length of tba hall with imposing dignity, and ascending .the stairs with alow and regulated .steps. Arrived' at the top, he casts a Jofty glanoe around scowls upon the expectants in the ante-room, glares upon ' '' the terrified Under-secretary (who Is constantly waiting outside with a bundle af papera under hiB arm), sneers soarafully at the trembling messengers on guard, then elowlytturns upon bia heel and goes , baek again. These visita are ropeated BB solemnly and as regularly as tba midnight promenades of Hamlet's gbostj but the superstitions dread tbat has crept'over the underlings of the ofOoo in-eonsequecce of this resemblance, 4s totally unwarranted, as we have every reason ,to beliiwo that this mysterious stranger ia no other than Terence Aubrey Murray, ¡Esquiro-no longer, alaB, the honorable, since Donaldson's desire to figure as .a Privy CounoiUor has cost all tho ex^ainisters their prefatory distinctions. What Murray wants nobody knows. Like the ghost for whloh he is generally taken, bo will not spo.tk unless he 1B spoken to, and it would bo tho height of presumption to suppose that be would do so then. Forster has tried (bard to exorcise him, and fervently prays that ere long he may ba peacefully (aid in tho Bed Sea-along with tba Aden telegraph cable. But all these horrors, wbioh Forster has faced for tba benefit of the publlo.at large, are nothing in comparison with what he baa to encountor from Beit. . All tho world has hoard of Belt tba indefatigable. When General Wolfe scaled tho heights of .Quebec, great credit was given to that young officer for bis aklll in discovering a prac- ticable mode of ascent, and the popular belief is that bia auooesB was due to his own penetration and foresight j hut the faot la, tbot John Nicholas Beit, who was then in Sachem (since absurdly called Saok 'em, because Belt so often got the saok) with the Growler tribe of Indiana como to Wolfe's tent at night, revealed tba pass, and conducted his troops to viotor/. At the bottle of AUB terlitz, when the great Napoleon was on thc point of making a movement that must bave mined his army, a atout, podgy man oamo careering up, mounted on a twenty-four pounder gun, drawn by six splendid oroom coloured horsep. This was Beit. He had oap'ured the gun from tba Austrians, having slain all the artillery. men, besides sevi ral squadrons of dragoons who carno to their rescue, and he now oame to enlighten the Emperor-ora's be said " to put bim. up to a move"_ which in foot nettled Ibo fate of the day.. When Napoleon escaped from Elba, Bolt commanded tho corpa of secret auxiliaries engoged in facilitating that adven- ture. Ho was oblof or the staff of Prinoe Bluobcr at tho battle of Waterloo, but, serving under an assumed name he has not been generally recognised. When Guarios tho Tenth left Paris for England, Bolt drovo him to the port, being tben dis guised na an English hackney coachman 1 and when Loud Philippe waa under a similar naooFsity, tho indomitable Bolt, at contir'lorablo personal inconvenience, oarrled his Majesty and his umbrella fifteen miles on hie aboulders, and only govo in at last in oonsoquonoo of tho old liing using bis bair to hold ott by wbilo ha had a sleep. During tho lifo timo of tho lato Caar Nicholas, Bolt was deeii in his eonfldonae, and lie ia aald to havo diotatcd the mission of MchBohikpff to Constantinople, wbioh lod to the last Bmiian WBr, We aro compelled to drew * veil for tb« present overBeil'i'jiegotletJons between ber Majesty the; Queen »nd the Emperor Napoleon tba Third, . »> this great- 'diplomatist <."' ia ..looking -forward, with much interest tb,the arrival of-tbe European mail,; when he baa promised- to favour ns with tba latest con- fidential deapatobeanfjom St. James's and the Tuileries. Our present business is with his attack «tp'ôn Forster,: I who, however he maymiraculonsly escape other dangers,' is threatened with shipwreck upon the Belt rook-or, as: it may be more properly called, Belt root. ,As soon er Forster took hold of the political rudder, Belt marked' . him for his own, atd-set off for the Colonial Secretary's ofilce with bis carpet-bag and night-cap, «nd has been there ever since,-with tho exception of a few hasty minutes devoted -to 'hurried runs ap tho «treat, io the course of one of wbioh . . ho dropped. a note at Windeyer'a lodgings, aa a sort of feeler, knowing the soft side of that> young gentleman. Beit sleeps at the Colonial Secretary's Office, and nothing abort of police interference can remove him; but even the police are afraid of bim, and Captain MoLerie, who was sent for j eatly yesterday morning, in order to have a'peep at the intruder while be was asleep, was BO startled at an ab- rupt Bnore on the part'af the-slumbering Belt, that he made but two steps-from tba top to the bottom of the Blairs and bas not been seen in public-since. Forster is in a strange.atate of mind, as may well be supposed, and report sayB that ht» isxanxious to effect an exchange with any 'respectable tenant of the iTarban Creek Lunatic Asylum who maybo-disposed to swop; but unfortunately he has no ohance of communicating bia wishes, Tba greatest and most-serious. Ministerial criéis that has yet occurred is now present, and wall will it be if it pass . over ..without the intervention of the Coroner. 