GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) - __ ¡_ TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30. Mr. John McPherson, who is charged with at-' tempt to commit a rape, and who did not appear yesterday on remand, was placed in the dock this morning,'and some further though very unim- portant testimony was taken. The. apprehend- ing constablo said that ho had apprehended the prisoner, by virtue of a warrant, in a house in Coquette-street, Ashby. When he found him he was lying ona sofa, apparently just íecovering from a fit of hard drinking, and ho appeared vary stupid. The prosecutrix, Patience Jacobs, detailed tho circumstances of the attempt, juät na sho did on the first occasion ; and tho barmaid, Sarah Barnes, as fully corroborated her previous statement, entirely denying that of Jacobs. Barnes was subjected to a long and severe ex- amination by tho bench ; but she neither pro varicatednor faltered. Tho prisoner was ulti- mately committed to tako his trial at tho nevt Geuoral Session ; but tho police magistrate said tho bench felt inclined to allow bail, although tho amount was not then specified. There novar was a caso brought ' before the bench hore, nor do I believo' in any othc court, in which flagrant perjury was moro conspicuous than in this. It is impossible to supposo that a girl of tho ago and intelligence of tho prosecutrix could bo labouring under a simplo delusion as to what occurred on the night in question ; and it is almost equally as improbable that Barnes,'who appears an intelligent young woman, could so barefacedly and unbhisliiugly commit such vil lanous perjury, if her master wero guilty. How e\er, there tho case rests at present. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, THE GEELONG GRAMMAR SCHOOL. At a meeting of the Presbyterians of this town, held yesterday afternoon, at the Mechanics' In- stitute, and convened for the pul poso of agrooine as to tho terms on which tho amalgamation of that body with the Episcopalians of tho distriot should be effected, as relates to the resuscitation ?of tho Geelong Grammar School, Dr. Heape was voted to the chair, and the following report and correspondence were read : " Roport from a committee appointed at a mooting cf Prosbytoriaiis hold in Geelong, to oonsidor a pro- position from tho Bishop of Molbourno and the trustees regarding tho altoration of tho constitution and managemeut ol tho Geelong Grammar School. " The following la a brlof narrativo of tho circum- stances connected with tho proposod alteration In tho management of the Geelong Grammar School, which j our committee doslres to loy boforo tho Presbyterians of Goolong and tho Western Distrbt for thoir sorlous consideration. " In July last the following minuto of a mooting ol trusteos of tho Geelong Grammar School was trans- mitted to a gontleman now a momlior of this com- mlttoo, requesting that ho would tako tho nocossary stop» to lay the matter bofoio tho Proabyterlans of the town and neighbourhood : " 'At a mooting of tho trustees of tho Goolong; Grammar School, hold Tuosday, 11th July, 1880, present - The Bishop of Melbourne, Forster Shaw, and Charles Nantes. " ' It was proposed that an offer should bo mado to tho Presbyterian Church of Victoria to join with tho Church of England in tho proprietorship of the Geelong Grammar School. " ' That for auchpurposo the prosont school building should bo valued and paid for by oaoh body In eijual proportions. "'That tho constitution bo altered as follows, namely :-the governing body to consist of mombo» of tho Presbyterian Church nnd members of tho Church ot England in equal proportions. " ' Tho appointment of hoad master to rost with oaoh body alternately. " ' The remaining matters to bo made up, BO far as possible, from mombors of bath churches rospo: tivoly. *< ' Goncral religious instruction to ho given In tho Bible, the Crood, and tho Ten Commandments-spe- cial religious instruction by clergymen of oach body.' " Accordingly, on tho 21st day of that month, a meeting was held, at which wero present the Revs. A. Love, A. J. Campbell, and James Henderson; and Messrs. James Simpson, John Calvert, John Guthrie, James Balfour, and James Campbell. " Thoo gentlemen, altar cirefully considering the torms of tho foregoing minute, w oro Impressed with tho groat Importarco of tho proporitlon contained thoreiu. Thoy could not hut feel that tho ro-oponlng of tbo grammar school undor good arrangements waa most dcslrablo, and that, If this oould bo effected by an amalgamation of ProBbytehans with the Churob of England In the management, many udvautages would boseourod. Thoy wero not, however, so confident that the difficulties which presontcl thooiselvcs, both na to tho equitable adjustment of the present Uabilitlei incurred In erecting tho school buildings, and tho logal tltlo to bo obtained from tho Government for tho two liod't«, under Joint trusses, would bo e.vsily over- come, and they therofore appointed a Bub-comtnlttoo, to coufor with tho Bishop of Melbourno and further consider the matter. "That aub commlttoo not only communicated with Üio 'bishop hy letter, but also sent a deputation, who liad a personal intorvlow with his lordship, tho result of which appears to your cummitteo very satisfactory as regards tho pecuniary liability. Tho proposition j our commlttoo mado, and to whioh tho bishop as- sented, was to tho following ofl'ect, rlz. :-That in tbo ovont of tho Presbyterian» agreeing to raino a pro- portion of the cost of the buildings, and accept a joint management, the calculation should bo based thus : Cost of buildings Deduct amount received from Government as grant in aid.7,001) £7,030 One-half of which Is contributed by oach --- bpdy, viz.- .8,60) Of which the Church of England has already . paid . >.2,001 leaving to ha raised by thom still .. .. 1,600 And by tho Preeby terian» .. .. ' .. 3,600 ",Or, a» the bishop put It, lot tho Presbyterians contributo tholr £2,000, a Uko Bum already given by tho Church of England ; there will thou remain a dont of .£3,000, for which oacb body will bo equally liable, and the liquidation of which might bo accom- plished in this manner :-Lot each party raise £500 additional, In cash or discountable paper, reducing tho dobt to £2,000, which could bo gradually wiped out by tho profits of tho school, as Is the case of both tho Church of England Grammar School and the Scotch College in Melbourne. " Your commlttoo believo there would bo little diffi- culty in carrying out the foregoing proposition wero tho matter takon up with spirit by the Presbytorlaai of tho Wostorn District, to whom tho oxlstonco of a flrst-clasi Eohool, under such management as Is pro- posed, Ina locality so salubrious and BO convenlont, must bo of tbo h'ghost value. .r Your commltteo aro furthor of opinion that if tho property bo secured to the joint body and vested in trustees elected from each, and If tlio govcrnmout of tho school be conducted by an equal number of repre- sentatives from each, and tho election ot head master rokt » 1th each alternately-all of which Is proposod that tbo pecuniary part of tho stipulation Is just and equltablo. *' Your committee furthor wish to «tato that thoro iiniuro of about £2,000; alsoadobt on tho institu- tion incurred in tho management, which, howover, tho Presbyterians would havo nothing, to do with, a« it would bo wlpod off on tho part of the Church of England as soon as tho proposed arrangements woro completed. *' In rogard to tho title, about which your commlt- teo folt sonio misapprehension, tho following lottor from Mr. A'Beckett Is submittod, willoh appears to bold out a prospoct of that matter bolng easily ad lusted : " ' Blflhop's Rogistrj, Sept. 15,1809. " ' Sir,-I am dlrectod by tho bishop to acknow- ledge your letter to him of tho 12th lost, on the sub- ject of the Geelong Grammar School, and lu reply to state that, In tho ovont of tho proposed amalgamation billig carried out, ho fools that thcro Is ovory roaian to bellovo that ho will bo able to secure to tho Proiby terinn body tho samo rights and privileges with respect to tbo school as thoso of tho Episcopalians, " ' All that tho bishop feels to bo necessary la tho obtaining tho astont of tbo prosoiit mbscriboM to tho school to tho proposed amalgamation, to obtain which a nicotine must bo called, aud which will ha convoned GO soon as a dcllnitc proposition oan bo placed boloro them. On this consent bolng obtained, tbo bishop will otk that the grant be Issued to trustees approved of by both bodies, upon trusts to bo ogrood upon be- tween them. H" < lho bishop docs not Bee any necessity for obtain- ing an act of Council; for when tho money votod by Parliament for educational purposes was placed in his hands, as tho head of tho Church of England, ho should havo felt quito at liberty to liavo egrecd with tho Presbyterians to establish a combined behool with thom, and to havo applied tbo money handed ovor to him In carrying out'such auagrconiout ; and ho thinks thcro is nothing in the present stato ol' all'iSra to pro vent the Gorernmont from granting tho site of tho présent school as a site for a combined school, If re- quested to do so by him. " ' In conclusion, you have now to consider wholhcr the proposition Is a deslrablo ono for tho rrcsbylorinna to enter on ; and secondly, if co, lu what n ay tho neces- sary fundB aro to bo raised. And If theso (mettions oan bo satisfactorily solved, your committee will feel that their efforts in this preliminary stage of tho procood Ings havo not boon usoless ; and they well hopo thai tho rosults will provo most boneflc al to the Pres- byterians of tho district, and to this community gonorally.' " A debate ensued on a motion relativo to tin adoption of tho report, in which the Rev. Mr. Love stoutly opposed the payment of any money i until thcro were some better grounds than then existed of tho title to the Behool being legally transferred to tho proposed amalgamated body. Tao report was finally adopted, conditionally that tho committee to bo formed should tuko cara r that the said title should be indisputable. The J attendance was not very numerous. The following gentlemen form the committee : 1 \- The ministers of the Presbytery of Geelong; J. F. Strachan, Esq., M.L.C.; John Calvert, Esq.; John Guthrie, Esq.; Hugh Murray, Esq., Colac; Andrew Murray, Esq., Colac; James Cowie, Esq.; Dr. Hope, Batesford ; Dr. Stod- dart; James Balfour, Esq.; A. McKenzie, Esq., Belmont; James Campbell, Esq.; R. Adams, Esq.; Rev. James Henderson; with power to add to their number. James Guthrie, Esq., treasurer; James Campbell, Esq., convener and secretary. The opposition-if a desire to act cautiously may bo to termed - of the Rev. Mr. Love is not w knout good foundation, for on reading tho letter of Mr. A'Beckett it will bo seen that that gentle- man very carefully says, the bishop " has ovory reason to believo" that ho will bo able to accom- plish tho object in view. But the bishop may bo disappointed: his present reasons may bu blown to Hie winds; and if the money wero paid before the arrangements wero perfected, and tlirso latter happened to fail, how would tha Presbyterian money be recovored? The history of the Geelong Grammar School is not of that \ just and equitable character that would lelHÜ PrcsbytenanB to place imphcit confidence ¡! tff , statement .of any.person connected with'it . «?S when Buch statements are so strangely qualifia ashislordbhip's ore, I think the'neate« TT, .-^ rtibuld bo e^reiseà;indéal4^v|ffinfUtÄ6 already know howthe'trustees havo been twateîî and wo should have some guarantee that the position of the proposed new joint propriété will not bo so bad as was theirs. TJp to XT3 sent time the bishop has only " thought "C" "has had every reason to behove'' that the desired object moy be gained ; but Burely that fair* e^en with Bishop Perry, a sufficient 13 that the thing will be íctuaUyTfiectcd ^Ttafl? pojnt alone now hangs the success or failure rf the amalgamation. »»"ure ot The municipal elections are (»grossing ti» attention of nearly every one at preW'and» much excitement has not been displajed fS many years on similar occasions. 