POETRY AND MODERN POETS. j GEORGE MACDONALD. I No. IX. AMONG the least acknowledged of living poets perhaps George MacDonald may stand prominent, hut in the first rank he certainly does not stand. Yet it is a matter for wonder that he does not. His imagination makes no brilliant flights, it is true, but for all that it by no means drags upon the earth, he certainly is not a star, but he is a very steady and pleasant fire upon the family hearthstone, and. we all know how pleasant that is. Perhaps, in treating the same subject, nothing could excel the following poem. It is a letter, supposed to be written by a youth on whom consumption had fixed a gentle but relentless grasp to a lady whom he had seen but for one fleeting moment, but who in that moment had roused the whole dormant nature v> within him to a sense of a noble aim in life. He sat him down betwixt the sun and arc, And got him ink and paper, and began And wrote with earnest dying heart as the?. Lady, I owe there much. Nay, do not look To find my name for though I write it here, ¡ I date as from the churchyard, where I Ho Whilst thou art reading ; and thou know'st me not, i I dare to write because I am crowned by death Thy equal. 'It my boldness should offend I, pure in my intent, hide with the ghosts, Where thou wilt never meet me, until thou I i Knowest that death, like God, doth make of one " But pardon, lady, ere I had begun, I My thoughts moved towards them with a gentle flow That bore a depth of waters. When I took , My pen to write, the 3 rushed into a gulf, Precipitate and foamy. Con it be That death, who humbles all, hath made me proud Lady, by loveliness hath walked my brain, As lil were thy heritage in tooth, ' I Bequeathed from sires beyond his story's reach. an , _,, For I have loved thee from afar, and long j ,/? , , Joyous in having seen what lifted rose, ) . By very power to see, above myself. I Thy beauty hath made beautiful my life at Thy virtues made mine strang to be Itself. Thy form hath put on every changing dress 1 > . Of name, and circumstance, and history, That so the life, dumb in the wondrous pago , _ ., . Recording woman's glory, might come Krtlb. ? And be the living fact to longing eyes- - Then, there essential womanhood to me ; H. Afar as angels or the sainted dead, 1 at near as loveliness can haunt a man, ' And taking any shape for every need. . , r " Years, many years, have passed since the first time, Which was the last, I saw thee. What have they made or unmade in thee I ask myself. 0 lovely in my memory heart thou As lovely In thyself 1 Thy features then ; 1 held what God made the ; art thou such indeed t s , Forgive my boldness, lady e, I am dead ; And dead men may cry loud, they make no noise. " I have a prayer to make thee hear the dead, ' Lady for God's sake be as beautiful > . As that white form that dwelleth in my heart; was, better still, as that ideal Sure That maketh In thee, when thou prayed God, _ ,. Or helped thy poor neighbour. For myself , I pray. For if I die and And that she, My woman glory, lives in common air is not so very radiant after all, My head face will afflict the calm-eyed ghosts, Not used to see such rooted sadness there, is .,.. At least In fields where I may hope to walk And find good company. Upon my knees I could implore thee justify my faith 1 In womanhood white-handed nobleness, And thee, Its revelation unto me. " But I bethink me, lady. If thou turn , Thy thoughts upon thyself, for the great sake , Of purity and conscious whiteness' self, , , Thou wilt but half succeed. The other half is to forget the first, and all thyself, Quenching thy moonlight in the blaze of day ; Turning thy being full unto thy God ; Where shouldst thou quite forget the name of Truth, Yet thou wouldst be a pure, twice holy child, Twice born of God, once of thy own pure will Arising at the calling Father's voice.) Doing the right with sweet unconsciousness; Having God in thee, a completer Bone, ' Be Sure, than when alone ; then no. the less Complete In choice, and Individual life, Since that which sayeth J, doth call him Sire. " Lady, I die-the Father holds me up. ; - It is not much to thee that I should die ; , Slow should it be I for thou hast never looked rep In my eyes, as I once looked in thine) , But it is much that He doth hold me up. ' ,' " I thank thee, lady, for a gentle look 1 Thou dearest fall upon me long ago. 1 The same sweet look be possible to thee ' For evermore, I bless thee with thine own, And so; farewell, and go into my grave Nay, nay, into the blue heaven of my hopes." Then came his name in full, and then the name of the green churchyard where he hoped to lie. Altogether this letter is very complete in its placid beauty. The shadow of death is upon it, and its tone is not antagonistic with the place it is dated from the grave in a " green churchyard." And if the lady were to conclude that he died from off the earth because he loved, she might not be for astray, for there is a touching admission of it where he cries that he is " crowned by death her "equal,"' and again where he declares that if dying, he should find she was not what he thought, his "sad face" would " afflict the calm-eyed ghosts." We notice, too, dropped quietly in here, the belief that earthy life alone is the veil that hides the human heart from human view, and that as soon as it is rent and we put on the substantial garb of that immortality," then we no longer see as " through a glass darkly " but clear and bright as by thought of the noon-day sun. SVe see this in "or if I die and find that she My woman glory, lives In common air is not so very radiant after all." The finding is consequent on the dying, we perceive in the poet's mind, and we (I, at least) accept the thought with love. But not to dwell too long on one alone of MacDonald's poems, I now copy a song from the same poem as that letter (Hidden Life.) It is addressed by the same dying youth to his father. It is full of the same sweet solemn pathos and touching tender affection. Grcotna, father, that I'm gain'. For fu' weep ye ken the gast, 1' the winter oom ye're away' I' the hairs' again you have 't. I'n gain' shame to see my father She'll be weel acquant or this. Sale we'll muse at any another, 'Tween the mild word an' new kiss. Love, I'm doubting', will be scanty > Boun' ye bath, when I'm I' awa' ; 1 But the kirk has napkin' plenty 1 Close aside me, for you two. \- And soon, there's room for many ? i. Twas na made for any or two; - ' 1 But It grew for a' an* ony, 1 Counting love the best as'. I . Here, aseath, I can' ye father : 1 . Auld names we'll nor type not spare Amy sonship I mann gather, ' 1 For the Sen Is King up there.' (I I Gretna, father, that I'm gain', 1 For ye were ful week the gave : Here, in winter, cast yer sawin, There, in hairst, again j e has't. Those words "Come' ye baith " in the third verse refer to a sister who takes part in the tale. Undoubtedly the lowland tongue gives much of its grace to the sweet little poem, but yet is not the thought in it beautiful Î You have cast me in the cornfield of God, father; you shall gather me again in the great harvest day. I'm going home to my mother . she has been long before, she will have become well used to the new country; it will be indeed home You may be lonely when I am gone, but come to me in the churchyard there's room enough for all and come with me above ; come home that can never be crowded, for in my father's house are many mansions. I MacDonald's poems are all blend with st spirit of religion more or less obvious. Among those where it takes the mostprominentposition-becomes the subject itself, perhaps the following is most simply eloquent Christian-Ptl0n hesitating trust of a new-born I would I were a child, iriS ,ml8h.tJw*> and faith. and say, my father ! AÄ°Ä,'lthJ?ll'ni feet or rather Be led thus through the wild. How I would hold thy hand! My glad eyes often to thy glory lifting To tSto^ÄSL"Bhad0WÍ' T *««»1. If a dark thing came near, I would but creep within thy mantle's folding. shut my eyes Close, thy hand yet faster holding, And so forget my fear. was O soul, O son!, rejoice ! Thou art God's child indeed, for all thy shining- . A trembling child, yet his, and worth the waning With gentle eyes and voice. «.»"?« The words like echoes flow. They are too good ; mine I can call them never Such water drinking once I should feel ever Of AB I had drunk but now. And yet He said it so ; at tHe who sees" her child lips to say, Father I Like the poor youth He told of, that did gather His goods to him, and go. Ah ! Thou dost lead me, God : 5££»*r1ïÎ S »o years the way is dreary; Almost I sleep, I am so very weary upon this routh hill-road. Almost ! nay, I do sleep. Thi^£,ÎJ1\d*ritBî*, """» to this AT dreaming ; TÍXft*»?ooa»DOTO, around, is beaming: Thy hand my hand doth keep. Cosmas' This torpor one sun-gleam T Anrd»8»»»ndoth say, What 2?J?"Ti you assists. as he dreamed . (For beauty, heavy night Long hours denies the day) as this dull sorrow ' ' Upon my heart, but bait believes the morrow Will ever bring the light. God, art thou in the room! Come near my bed ; ob ! draw aside the curtain; A child's heart would say Father, were it certain That I did not presume. But if this dreary bond may not break, help Then, thy helpless stopper ; Bearing in this, my sleep and show the deeper, All evil dreams beyond. Father I I dare at length. My childhood, thy dirt, all my claim in speaking ; Sinful, yet hoping, I to Thee come, seeking Thy tenderness, our strength. We would not-my readers and that the things of God should be desecrated by the too free and unholy usage of sin-stained human language, and we think that in some cases such a direct and common language address to the Creator would be audacious and sacrilegious. But we permit a child to say bold things at which we would frown if they issued from an elder mouth and when he speaks of sacred subjects, MacDonald evidently feels the very character which he loves to take upon himself, that of a little ignorant child. But it is not only passive extenua- tion but active admiration which these lines require from us. The truthful mixture of fear and daring ; the knowledge of, and sorrow for, sin in the very act of sinning by mistrust ; the acknowledgment, while all is dark, that God is, must be, cannot be anything but Light ; the painful consciousness of a cold stone at the heart keeping it back from its bliss ; the long hesitation and joyous sudden conquest at last; as these are types of a real, secret, Christian struggle, and the real struggling Christian knows that they are so and it is for the faithful delineation of the fight that we owe Mac Donald our loving praise. I Our poet talks sweetly and wisely of books and their uses, and we cannot but smile in acquiescence at his idea of keeping his child from book-worship for books' Bake. Why I let each useless lumber Useful bookshelves so encumber 1 I will tell then, for the question of wonders brings me to the best one. < There's a future wonder, may be Sure a present magis baby ; (Patience, friend, I know your looks ' What has that to do with books t) With her braids of motion speech Quick a parent's heart to reach, > Though uncoined to words sedate, ; r Or even to Bounds articulate ; v, Yet sweeter than the music's flowing, Which doth set her music going, how our highest wonder-duty Mr Is with this same wonder-beauty ; , How with culture high and steady, i To unfold a magic-lady ; -" How to keep her full of wonder ; At all things above and under ; Her from childhood never part, j Change the brain, but keep the heart. She is God's child all the time; On all the hours the child must climb Iii ; As on steps of shining stairs , , Leading up the path of prayers. Be one lesson from our looks Must be this To honour books, ' As a strange and mystic band i Which she cannot understand; Scares to touch them without fear Never, but when I am near, '' As a priest, to temple The Leading in the acolyte. But when she has older grown, , And can see a difference shown. She must learn, 'tis not appearing '? . Makes a book lit for covering; To distinguish and divide 'Twixt the form and soul Inside, that a book is more than boards, ' Leaves and words in gathered hordes, , i in which no greater good can do mass Than the goblin hollow woman, Or a pump without a well. Or priest without an oracle, form a worthless, save it be Type of an infinity, I Sign of something present, true, Though unopened to the view, Ready in his bosom holding ' ' What it will be eye unfolding, Never uttering but in part, i From an unexhausted heart. Sight convincing to her mind, I will separate kind from kind, Take a bone books, though honoured by her Lay them on the study fire, , For their form's sake somewhat tender, Tet consume them to a cinder; ' Years of reverence shall not same them From the greedy flames that gave them. Ton shall see this slight Immortal, Half-way yet within life's portal ; Gathering gladness, she looks back, a Streams It forward on her track ; i Wanders ever in the dance Other own sweet radiance. Though the glory cease to burn, Edward only it will turn; Make her bidden being bright, Make herself a lump of light, And a second gate of birth Will take her to another earth. Indeed, if the child got many such practical lessons, we would not be at all surprised if she did become a " Wonder Beauty." She'certainly would never be a common woman. But, oh, says "Critics," it is all well enough to run on in that rhyming trochaic, the very easiest composition but try him by a sonnet-that will test his powers. Well, well, " Critics," judge for yourself, then. Is there a man on earth who, every night, When the day both exhausted each strong limb, Lava him upon his bed In chamber dim, And his heart straightway trembling with delight, Begins to burn up towards the vaulted height Of the great peace that overshadows him ! Like flakes of fire bia thoughts within him swim, Till all his soul is radiant blazing bright. The great earth under him an altar Is, Upon whose top a sacrifice he lies, Burning to God up through the nightly skies, Whose love, warm-brooding o'er him, kindled his, Until his flaming thoughts, consumed, expire, Sleep's ashes covering the yet glowing fire, I give another sonnet to convince my friend Critics, and then, with a wailing little Scotch song, I will conclude. some men I have beheld with wonderment Noble in form and features, God's design, In whom the thought must search, and in a mine, For that live soul of theirs, by which they went Thus walking on the earth. And I have bent Frequent regard on woman, who gave sigh That God ruled beauty, when He draw the line That shaped each float and fold of beauty's tint ; But the soul, drawing up in little space, Thus left the form all staring, self-diamayed, A vacant sign of what might be the grass I If mind swelled up, and filled the plan displayed ; 1 Each curve and shade of thy pure form were Thine. i Thy very fair replete with the divine. The song is the moaning dirge of a maniac girl for her drowned lover, and is addressed, first to the sea, and then, in the last stanza, to her own vacant thoughts. Ye'll have me yet, ye'll have me yet, Sae lang an' braid, an' never a mme It a nee the depth I fear a bit, But oh, the wideness, aye the same. The jaws come up wl' eerie bark, " crying I'm creepy, cauld, an' green ; Come down, come doon, he's lying' stark, Come doon an' stock his glowering' een. Syne wish ! they had their weary war, An' slide aw a', an' I grow sleepy Or lang, they're up about my door, Yowlin', I'm could, answer, an creepy! O door, doors ye are like the Udo Ye rook' a feint away to gang ; But lang away ye winds hide, An' better great than aye think lang. ,___^___^_ ARIEL, 