* . SWJEEPSXAItES. . ! Saturday, 1st Skitkmuku, 18G0. i m ,,,i,_Sciv South Wales : Tho Hon. E. DeasThom v Stewards « ^ Richard Jones, M.L.A.j Wm. 1 M Oiiade 'J P. ) J- H- Atkinson, M.L.A. ; and Georgo * n wlev Victoria : Mr. James Henderson. Now i r.nLiui- Mr. Ilurtlo Fisher. Judge— Mr. J. Lackey, * j ii Starter— Mr. \V. M'Quado, J.P. Hon. Sec— Mr S. C Uurt. ' The second great Australian race is non a matter of J . lgtor} . and whilst tho first of theso nnnual struggles i . the jquino championship was won in Melbourno by a i Victorian bred horse, Flying Buck, so the second grand 1 wntcst has been carried off in Sydney, by a New South ffnlcs tod marc- Zoo- Whilst' however, giving tho 3 ? old colony' every glory for belli;; the birthplace of tho Js u.Mm of tho south,' wo must not lose sight of the fjctof thocolony of Now Zealand having been her nur lerr- per must we omit to mention that tho second, ^fourth and fifth in this memorablo ongagoment woro 2 Ired in the land of tho Maorics. That our own colony ihoold play so poor a part, after so great ft victory last ?i e,ri ,,0 soroly regret j but that Mainstay did Dot start 1 WJJ J,o fauH of tho Victorians, nor would any person, wo f ihould tliink, consider tho ignominious defeat of tho !} quondam champion a sample of his true running. Tho » colony of Tasmania wus mt represented in tho Second I hUrcolonial Sweepstakes, nor was South Australia. '?J We have already gono so fully into the ups and downs ' I of the six'een aspirant* to the championship to tho day ' Wore tho race, and, in our task, we have recoived such valuable assistance from our correspondents, that we \- wrtlv deem it necessary to inflict upon our readers a twice-told yarn, vet a brier ' unvarnished talu' of n hat h iu occurred from the start, may not bo altogether un I welcome Even before tho verdict on the first trial had bten obtained, preparations had bean commenced for tho i |KOI](I, and from the middle of last September until tho i lotrics wero mado, tho Australian Jockey Club was well ^occupied in making tho necessary arra»geinents ' for the great September carnival. ilany 1of tho horses that wcro at first backed iirerc not entered, and on tho appointed day the I ttike closed with fourteen nominations, which on the ' * arrival of steamers wero increased, by the addition of '? Bonny Koso from among ourselves, and Sister to Zoe, ^'afterwards named Waimea, from New Zealand, to six jrf«n, at the head of which, though comprising most of t the celebrated animals in Now South Wales, Flying '? Buck stood out in bold rolief. Karly in April Mr. Bavin :'tooVhis colt to Sydney; and, after remaining a few ' \ daj» in town, established himself at Neich's Inn at Bur !f»ooil on the I'arramatta rond, with Homebush raco i cour o as bia galloping ground. At tho inaugmation I } meeting at Ilandtvick, in May, Flying Buck was en Pi ttrul for several races, and tho public, no less than his [ jtmer, looked forward with both pleasure and anxiety |i f to seeing him measure strides' with tho cracks of New rjf South Wales. All, however, wcro doomed to disap B/1 pointment ; and some threo weeks or a month hefuro IfS' the meeting Flying Buck had the misfortune to luino K:| himself in a gallop down Homebush Hill, which accl K|d-nt eventually caused him to bo blistered for shoulder |j| lameness, and prevented his putting in an appearanco at ItjBandwick. The Victorian thrco-yr-old. Mainstay, was Efcotlongin betaking himself to tho scene of the coming Ijfllruggle, and on his arrival in Sydney ho was also taken HftoXeich's, and tccupled a box contiguous t* tho ono »3 tenanted by the champion. Hero he was left in charge ft;', of Joe Carter, whilo Mr. Colemuu returned to Melbourne i|j to superintend the preparation of his other aspirant to ! championship honours, Uonny Ifoso. Of tho other -itran(,'cu, Cundeii, Strop, and Wildrako wero already in Xew South Wales; Deception, whoso deeds iu New Zealand, both,nt Auckland and Nelson, had already damped her as of the highest class, wus landed at Syd ney a week or so befoio the ltandwick races in May j whilst Waimoa, as it was supposed, remained at tome (or tbo purpose of receiving the allowance in weight nccorded to horses arriving in tho colony within two months of ' tho race. Tho EeetmRS at Camden and Randwick brought prmni tinlly before tho public soveral of the champion entries, from amongst which, somo wero at once spotted as having but small chance o( success. At Ihe former, tin pcrform 'ancei of Yeno and Gratis brought them into favour with their countrvmen ; whilst Mr. Tnit'a mare fell propor tionately into disrepute, the general opinion being that [ibe would never again bo the mare of her younger days. (At Randwick came out Mosi Hose, an immense favourite, flat her performances were sadly below par, and she »u easily beaten in both Maiden and Randwick Plates. 'Archer, another champion nag, and from ihc same 'liable, also showed at Kundn'ick, mid, on the strength Ma trial with Moss Rase, was backed considerably lor Siis first race. He made but a sorry figure, and at once [iiuppcared from the belting. The Don, also in tho f big Sweepstakes,' although he did win a race, created I very small amount of confidence ; ami the running of sGrntij, Veno, and Strop was of such n character as noi sier to improve their positions in tho market, nor to point In any way at their relative merits. Deception, .the Sen Zealand champion, made an nttempt at this ;trj!t, but was unable to score, partly from tho fact of in having lately landed from tbo ship, and £P'tlv from her having been very badly p|idd-a. When tho tings began to net into work, con KiideiaWe difficulty was experienced by some -of them in Kgttling pood galloping ground ; a commodity by no jsjuuos plentiful within c»sy reaih of Sydney. The Rliiglibourhood of Richmond seemed to be the favourite )«ale, and tliithcr repaired Flying Uuck with his coin !Jwion lied Deer, the stato of the Homobush ground »t that tiruo (beginning of Julv) making his owntr juifal of again trusting him down the hill, which had {MaJy proved such a stumbling block in bis way. loire also, or theroabouts, wero collected Deception, Mossllose, Tho Don, Archer, Mag on tho Wing, and ,.*''? Dnppii's two ; but on the arrival of their owner, ?Mot tho second weok in July, tho last named were pusfetrcd to Kandwick, at which placo the new pmng gallop ha J just been completed. Those that Jinuineil in the purlieus of Richmond wcro fortunato JJMgli to have good galloping ground during tho wet I'Ulier, an advantage which the fate* iltwied to Cum .J«,\\\iMrul!O, audZoentltandwickj and to Mainstay, imp, aud Waimea at Homobush. This want of work IM considerably on IVaimea; and, nlthough she had wn nicked at 10 to 1 beforo her arrival, eha was KBitmllesj when it bcotine known that she was so abort IK 1I0,rk- Veno and Gratis were kept very quiet under IS' f0'''-iJ care of Higgcrson at tiveniool, and K°»ng Morgan, who had been ? indulged with Ei 'Pell since Camden, tojk up his quarters l»«ng the others ' in the Windsor country. Krjnnoni to tho navm(-nr. nf tho hixmiiiI ilftr. E?°Br «'J3«. who had never quitted her homo, was En. TV °nd Archcr 'hot his bolt on the first of ?fat ,.' leavin8 the number of acceptors at fourteen; ISvin - i'y '''ys »'««'ards, Cnmdcn was scratched, Ittr.L I1,™1'11 ''own ns soon as ho comnienced strung ie th. u- e-'cu''J-lu was followed tho next day by Mag ?g,™ « ing, u young ludy of whom prejudicial reports ?Stfiiti y bt'cl1 circulated. Ity these accessions B» n eia wus reduced to twelve, but' although so near K ,, «O; few oflers wero mado. to back anything Mi « ? J.u, '? who oontinueil to hold undisputed pos B&lnl; I i ? Preinierahip up tu thu very day. About a Kn' Wore the race, a*' set' was mado at the fa ? ., ., ''oeonseouenllv rpi-i-it«.l fr.im ?;. in I m 7 in a. BSinejli1'/ 'ot of lo'B 'luration, aud ho speedily ru m-(X '.('''^Position. Hiiiiiu '' evening there wan quito a crowded K*»» l,aUtt'all'». but busliicsi aet.ned to bu very m t 1 Ju01,'2.06'''1 M.ln«,y, the former opening Kt iJ. ' c!os''K 't 5 lo 1 (olftrcd), whilst the doad Kieri'i Ka'lst Mainstay by onu JK-lbourno bookr HPt.nl '„„ ,','''' persons to believo that ho was already a ?ftfcu.lv 'j lho ''« porjon, about u forlinght pre Mu U& T bim 'P '- « 'o 1, and we evru heard of Bun. ,?K ^' tllk'-. »»?' thn ni.in.-v which h. had Ktt , ?, ° 3' m '« 5, ami so on. We also saw him Kg olhfi i 'Cr. lo ''atch a bet or 100 to 15. Zoc, «n mZT ,'?'d- Mln» illt0 K«-«f force during thu »«,; L , , r'u'* ''undri-dj were laid nyainst her nt ?fciithw °TitOllll(!r ownor uMn-i 1''' 200 to!i0 BP'Sli llim hi- flV0'rile it«0'l Very linn at 2 to I, I'oVl ,,i ' ,v''a 'trctcluil In one instimuo su far as ? Pilce » 1t10 ''y' of tho -'111^ »-«uU -'»' KO on ' at P'teimrkM ?''' KM '' atle»'l't '- 'da t» bring Graiis ¥'? lut ilf ' '\sl0B'3t lho '''iievon Vcuo»i lonKcr ' h ' Ct ';,r.of-!S3lu,nali' , wro ii.»i t.. bo lm.1. aud IB to 1G „, ol ' ng-iiint thn nui'.iidam champion vat jthln,, li „ 'md) »» 1U0 to 8 wint Iiol'kIiib about Gratis. fciug liu!X y1' '10 ?-'' lavouritcs for places loin 'tinnii, „„ .'i0' Ve''' nml ?Str'l'- There woiu a fu«r nit iuuA-, , I .' otllcr ove»H 'I tho day, but as thev ublcJ our , erest '10 Victorian piildii, we havo not rot^tu'rhwtorTor'1 'lcin- ''?' lnay l''rn ob r'''lu'tt I ,f °'r Bllort ''J'1'-' ''? Sy.ln.-y. the room a 'ai vcrv , ' ',''8t or'lu''ly niamii-r, mid tho chair '««i-l un.' '?''' '' llis ''ct.rmiuaii.,11 to admit into '''iriiv ' '..'onehut membera. We oliscr.cl one |-: : ,'?? :.:s' Calcutta Swm;,.,'1 m ::-.-.:i:i:;.-d at' «(.?« ? ,f. °( tho 8WCCp' *nd sUnd tho whoI° «f the' Srlw ?V.' 1?guab?Ut,th8 ,hor8° lh«y h»PP»ne4 to lmifif.) ''''f. bX-tho-by, add, that in SydAey, ona »hif ° 'T bU tot a horae 6°ea t0 th(1 Benefarfund, whilst tho other moiety is returned to the drawer of the LA.TEST BETTING ON FRIDAY EVENING J to lagstFlylnKlluoWk) 100 to 8 agst Strop (off),' Otto 8 „ Deception (olT) loo to 5 TIm Don ($- lOOlo 8 „ Young Morgan joo to 5 ' Malnstivr rtk (off) and ofT) A finer specimen of an Australinn spring morning could not lmvo been desired limn was that of last Saturday, and groat was the rejoicing throughout tho length ami breadth of Sydney, when people began to congratulate each other on tho gencroxity of the clerk of i ho woather. Towards noon, however, matters took another turn, and such a shower caino down iust as tho exodus from Sydney commenced, as made umbrellas or great coals a mcro jest, and must havo had the elTjiCt of keeping many a holiday man at homo. Notwithstanding this temporary disappointment, almost every vehiclo seemed hound for Randwick, nnd Indeed ordinary business iu Sydney on tho occasion of their great 'Isthmian Gamo' was about as much heeded as was ours at head quarters when nil Molbourno ro paired to Flcmington last October. The cour-o is a short threo miles from tho city, and tho road to tho races presented by half, past twelve as exciting a picture as is ever witnessed on a similar occasion near our own metropolis. Tho absenco ol tho familiar 'one-horso car' was very patent to us of Melbourno, its place being (lllcd hy tho 'Sydney han som, a vohiclo as much like its London namesake, al most, as a horso's shoo to a mare's. Thousands, howovor patronised tho ' marrowbone stage,' whilst tho fashion nblo drng, hacknoy coach, dog-cart, well-conditioned nag, ill-cunditioned ditto, and so forth, completed tho panorama. Notwithstanding that tho road is very narrow, anu traps ol all kinds were passing and rcpassing each other nil day, we heard of no accident worthy of record, and indeed wo nro hound to admit that on all nideB thcro seemed a desire to givo and tuko, and to bo have as becamo Her Majesty's colonists. The country in tho immcdlato neighbourhood of tho conrso strongly reminded us of Caulfield, and the enclosure itself is even more like a sea beach than is tho race-ground of that suburb. A substantial paling fence, upwards of six feet hiah, surrounds tho course, and a shilling n head is charged for all pedestrians who onter tho gates. Whilst on 'this theme wo may stato that for the Champion and Metropolitan meetings, tho Aus tralian Jockey Club realised as much as £1328 5s. from that source of revenue, tho booths, etc., bringing in an additional L141 10s. Tho course is a mile and a quarter, barring threo yards', and with tho exception of tho Inst quarter of a mile, thcro is, so to speak, no straight running. Tho turfing of tho running ground has I oen n most expensive affair, but the advantage of having good galloping ground rather than tho old breaking-down Homebush bill, must soon compensate tho Sydney turfites for tbo original outlay. On Satur day tho course was in excellent order, and If tho club goes on improving it as they at present propose, by this time next y«ar it will be inferior only to tho very best. Various points of Iho courao have been named, the last turn having been designated 'Tattenham Corner,' whilst just beyond tho first turn has' been called 'ths rocks,' from tho fact of a rocky sprinp existing closo by. Tho saddlinp puddock wo shouli estimate to be about an acre and a half, and the grand stand, which is of wood and holds about a thousand persons, is erected therein. In tho lower part of the 6tand are refreshment rooms, the stewards' room, weighing room, etc., whilst along one end of the paddock are horse- sheds, and the jockeys' dressing room. Altogether th- arrangements of the course were well conceived, and on Satntdny last wero well carried out by tho ofliccrs of the meeting. The police, especially, wero efficient, and without beim? officious, carried out their instructions to the letter. The number of persons on the courses at the time tho Champion Swcrpstnkcs was run wo estimated at about twenty thousand, about six or seven hundred of whom were on tho grand stand. At ono o'clock, His Kxcelloncy Sir Wllllqm Denlson, Miss Dcnison, and suite, arrived on tho course on horse back, and at once betook them to a reserved portion of the grand stand, a band playing ' God Save the Queen,' and the people cheering their governor right loyally. Hy this time old Sol was ngaiu shining, and every thing around seemed ' blythe and gay.' . And now let ua turn to tho unfortunate accident which happened on the Sydney and Parramatta railway, at tho Homebush station, which led to the withdrawal of Mainstay, and which only by a miracle did not end fatally both to man and horse. * Up to Friday evening Mainstay had been quartered at Iiurwood, about seven miles from Sydney, on tho lino of railway, and it had been arranged between Mr. Coleman nnd Mr. Itedwood that thoy should tnko their horses to Homcbusb, and send them in horse-boxes to Sydney, to be led from thence via Baptist Garden to the courso. In pursuance of this liarcemcnt, Mainstay was escorted from his stable to Homebush by Joo Carter, and, arrived there, was without much difficulty induced lo enter tho hox, in which was also lo. Wo may here remark that these horte trucks wero of the usual description, being di vided into three compartmen's; and of the ono in ques'ion. Mainstay and his equerry occupied the first, lo tho third, whilst tho second remained tenantleca. In another truck was Peter Possum anda stable companion, and as soon as these four nags had been stowed away, tho two trucks wcro ' shunted ' from the off line, which had been laid down expressly for ' vanning racehorses,' to the main line of railway, so that a third truck might bo got under weigh, in which to carry Stiop and Waimea to Sydney. JN'o sooner lud Mr. ICcd wood's two been locked up, than down caino the train from Parramatta, and instead of caBing off as tho sta tion was approached, the engino-driver, it appears, not heeding tho two trucks on the line, let tho train come into such violent collision with tho horso-vans, as to propel them somo threo hundred yards along the line, the vans themselves smashing to pieces, aud tho horses and Carter being all more or less injured. Carter, iu giving us his version of tho affair, informed us that he was hurled from the compartment in which Mainstay stood, right into the second, and that when ho came to his senses, he found Mainstay down in his box, with two of his plates cast, and his saddle broken in two. lo was not so much injured, but whilst she was being saddled for the Talttrmill'a Handicap, it was found that sho had received a severo bruiso on her back. All tho horses wcro brought to Sydney, and all betook them to some stabling in the vicinity of Baptist Garden, where a veterinary surgeon saw Mains'.»y, and pronounced him quito unfit to start for the race. The colt appeared to be terribly shaken ; ho had received somo injury in his near stifle, and his pulse was down almost to zero. We were present whilst the colt wan being examined by tho ' vet,' nnd can bear testi mony to the apparently exhausted condition to which this unforeseen catastrophe had brought him. Nothing moro could be done for the present, save scratching him for the rare, and just a fe\r minutes beforo the start that duty was performed. We cannot but deeply regret that a careless accident, to say the least of it, on the part of the servants of the railway, should have placed Aor« ilc combat the best conditioned horse of the lot, aud one of me two representative* oi mis coiony. jus s.uuie imu great faith in bim, and not only had ho been backed by liis owner, Mr. Boll, to win a largo stake, but the friends of the colt would have taken on the courso all the good money that could ba got ngsinst him, at tho price offered. Spoaking of tho condition of this unlucky son of Sports man, wo may remark that on tho Friday evening wo saw him in his box at Burwood, and it would lmvo been hard indeed to havo got him moro fit, so far as out ward appearances go. We were told that about ten days prior to our visit, he had been a little off, throuKh liU teeth troubling him a bit, but that during that week he had got round again, and was at that moment as ' right as the hank.' Indeed, if an empty manger, and ah anxious look after his supper, which Carter just then was preparing for him, bo any criterion, MainstnyV. backers fould not have boenanpre hensiva about him, on the score of his not taking kindly to Uia;catB. We could not learn that tho youngster had ever been tried ainco his arrival in Now Soul I. Wales, but those who had seen him gallopadmirc.il him greatly ; aud if time bo a truu test, hi.i pirty had every reason to pin their faith bii him. WhiU he was being led to tho railway station, he was so fresh that the groom could scarcely hold hinij and poor little Ilynn was awfully 'down in tho mouth' when, at tho Sydney terminus, ho saw that Mainstay could hardly move himself along. We saw the boy weighed tho afternoon before tho race, and with a three pound saddle, and including his heavy boots and clothes, he cuuld not turn Gst 21b; during the night ho took his final shyslcklng. and would have |ione to scale at least a pound below Gst, the re quired weight being 5st 1 lib. Whether any action will bo brought by the owner of Mainstay against tho rail way, wo lire not in a position at prcamt to s*y j but wo cannot but think that some compensation will be offered fur eo serious an accident. On tho horses for the 'great event' making their appearance in the saddling pudd.ick, there was a general move In that direction, and each in turn came iu for his or ncr title suirooi uiicnuoii. j-'yiuk iiuuk who nu.unw.y tho ''observed of all obscivira, mid around him there wits such a dense crowd that we cou',.1 only with difii culty get a peep at him. He seemed to us lo bo looking in fir.itratu fettle, and most penons whom wo heard speak on tho .subject wero of tho same opinion. Ho cer tainly hi» not grown or thickened muuli, nnd we thought ho seemed a little duller than was his wont. His party hti.l tlio greatest conlidencu in him lo thu last moment, nnd au1 highly did Iho public eilimate his powers, that at the start it was a. li.ir.l matter lo get I! lo '2 against him. l'uikiiiH, by dint of great ppr.«!Verauci-, hud reduced himself so as to ride, at the required weight, 8sl -lib, and rcpuricd lilmstlf strong into Urn bargain. As the little hnrso walked up Iho courso hi- w»s greeted with loud i-heei ipf?. und the Victorians thought tlieniselveA highly f.ivi.urii.1 in having such a horsn to represent their inte rests, i Hut no saoiier tli I the colt take his canter than their hopes wcro changed to ream, nnd before, he had gono half a mile in the raco it was vcm- -.?i-i.lei.t Mi foil -'!'? 'MB'. liulfad or il.,' I-.-ii.', i-iisy 6trulj i.E latt icis-on, lio went si ot ii'.d s'illv. itn'd lav. roiwo .lid 1m m-cn lo i-jM on .?!.? 1J11 TliVftirtlir !-?- n.-ni. ll.n furt!-. ?. r !;?? ;:..! Ixl.m.l, ;?'?! .?.?!! - .Vt; :;??-?, ;«!.?? ru:.'-d .:;, '?'?yn^ .Buck wan Actuallytlast.' What could have' been tht cauta of thin Inglorious i defeat no person knows less than his owner, who witli his trainer und jockey seamed almost paralysed by tho result. Zoo looked the very pink of condition, and those who know her best pronounced her nuny pounds a better mare than she wai iu Melbourne. Whcthorsuch he thocase or not, her victory wasregarded by her owner as by no means an unexpected turn up. He all alung considered his mare 'right,' and recom mended nil his friends to back her. For nearly two miles her jockey could hardlv hold her back, and nothing but Wildrake could mako her raco freni the jump to tho finish. Such a hurrahing as there was, when tho mare returned to scale, had neror been henrci at Kandwick before, and wo quo-lion whether more hearty cheering will ever bo given again. Ash worth to whom the honour of piloting Zoo had been conferred, is the sumo jockey who rode her during her sojourn in Melbourne; he has beau with her almost over since she loft this colony, and through his zeal and attention to the mare, ho has gained the confitlence and osteem of Mr. Tail. To satisfy the inquisitive, wo may arid Umt Ashwurth is an Englishman by birth, mil arrived in Now South Wiles in 1811, when quite a child. Veno, as a matter of courso, came in for any amount of favourable criticism, which his appourance fully warranted j and as he wa'kcd down tho straight running, on leaving tho paddock, ho was warmly wdcomed. Moss Rose looked anything but n mnro who cou'.d stay threo miles j and Gratis aoemed, as wo thought, to have had rather a bad night, and not to bo in any very great fettle for his morning's work, Mr. Kedwood's two, in consequence of the accident of which wo havo given an account else where, did not arrive until just before the saddling boll rung. Strop wns looking hard and gamo as usual, but the filly had nothing in tin way of condi tion or fitness to attract tho attention of her admirers. She is, nevertheless, a racer from top to too, and will yet do honour to her distinguished family. This was the first raco she had overrun, and tho fact of carrying thirteen pounds over her weight must have well nigh Btopped her, had she been ever so fit. Mr. Red woo. was, however, unable to procure & lighter weight than hia son, on whom he could depend, »nd stewards in the colony would do well to remembor Mr. Kodwood's di lomma, when they aro called upon to adjust weights. Deception pleased us greatly, and we quito think with Mr. Hargroives, that had she been us fit as Zoo, tho lat ter would have found her a most awkward antagonist at two miles and a half; as it was, it took Veno all his time to heat her for third placo. Young Morgan looked big, though from tho confidence of his party, he must have been guilty of a good thing in private The Don and Wildrako caino iu for only a small share of nolico, and when Snell donned tho blue, and white stripes, few expected to sco him bo close lo tho winner at tho finish. Wildrake proved himself a much better horso than, most persona down hero thought him, and must have been in topping form. Mr. Duppa h.id kept his horse very dark, and the general feeling of Wildrake being tho veriest out sldor was not lessened by the report that Snoll had re fused to accept Mr. Duppa's mount, Inasmuch as ho considered that Wildrake had not tho ghost of a chance. The description of the raco wo. give below, and as we havo there endeavoured to note every change In tho position of the nags from the start to tho finish, we have nothing to add in our introductory remarks. Poor old Strop, on entering tho saddling paddock after tho race, fell down dead. We hoard Carter tell Mr. Redwood that when ho called upon his horse, about half * mile from home, he answertd gamely, but that ho felt him 'give' uguin beforo ho had gone many yards. The veter«n raced home game to the last, and cficd a noble death, on tho field of battle. Congestion of tho lungs was tho immediate cause of his demise, and on the spot where the hero fell, thero will he bo buried. We havo not heard of any very heavy winners, nor do wo think that the 'ring' has' pocketed much by the fact of Zoo gaining the day. Al! the book- makers wero pretty full against her, and tho recipients of their bounty aro tho public. .Si-niNO SwKKrsTAKES, of 3 bovs each, with 75 sovs added. Ono mile nnd three-quarters. Weieht for age. Winners at starting of fiO eovs, 31b extra; 75 sovs, Mb extra. Second horse received 15 sovs from the prize. Entrance, L3 15s. Mr. T. Ivory'* cu in Flying Doe,-yr« ? 1 Mr. J. Hlnalo'8 ch ir Ben Holt, a^cd. ? a »r. J. Dicknon's b b Ilurkaway, ORed. ? o Mr. J. Onus's b g Shuinro-k aged?.... . o Mr. W. K. Hlackman's cl. g True Blue, aged ? o Mr.,7. .loses' b g Wonder, aged ? T ? ;. 0 Betting: 3 to 2 agst Ben Bolt *ud Shamrock; 3 to 1 agat Flying Doe; 0 to 1 each agst True Bluo and Wonder. Truo Bluo jumped away with tho lead, Shamrock lying second, tho rest, with tho exception nf Harkaway, well up. This order was maintained past the stand, nnd round tho turn, where Snell took Shamrock to the front and raced with True Bluo. At tho half mile post Shamrock was beaten, and nt the last turn Flying Doe ruined through her horses and look up tho lending position, maiutaiuing it without difliculty, and winning in a canter by two lengths. Time, 3 mill. 30 sec. Second Austiiauan Ciiampiox Sweepstakes, of 100 sovs each, half forfeit, with 500 sovs added ; the second horso recoived 200 sovs out of the stakes, and tho third received 101 bovs. Threo miles. Value of the stake, 2000 sovs. Mr. Tail's cli in Zoc, by sir Hercules— Flora SPIvor, sjed, 9st3lb ? (Ashworth) l Sir. Duppa's b g M'ildrakc, by Sir Hercules— Wood- QtUCK, O Jlo, Vat 11U..,, .. ,,,.??«; .,,????..?.» .(.SUCH) 1 Mr. lllggerson's ch g Veno, 'by Waverley^rPcrl, aged, sat Jib..' ? .......'......., (Ulgjjerion) 3 Hr. Itobcrts's b g Oral!;, by Sir Chtrles— Moonshine, aged, vdlUi ? ..........(Ilolmes) 0 Mr. Iicdwood'a b g Strop, by n Barblere— Jessica, aged, JsUlb ? ....,.;........ , ? (Carter) 0 Mr. Ivory's b g Young Morgan, by Meteor -Ladr Mor gan, ost Sib ? ...(Drlscoll) o llr, Loder's ch h The Don, by. Cossack— JenLy LInd, Syn\ »at4lb ? ..'...... ? (Murphy) 0 Mr. Hargrcavcs'a b m Deception, by Young Plover— Vanity, 5 yrs, 8st 13lb...... ? (Willis) 0 Mr. Bavin's b g Flying IMcfc, by Warhawk or Komulus— Wlluelmlnn. 1 yrs, 1st 41b ? (Perkins) 0 Mr. Do Mestre's b m Moss Itoje, by William Tell- Lady Morgan, i yrs, 8st2lb. ? (J. Cults) ? Mr. Kedwood's ch f Waimea, by Sir Hercules— Flora M-Ivor, 3 yrs, 6st «lb (carried 6st 31b).. . .(Itedwood) 0 BETTING AT STARTING, s to 2 agst Flying Muck loo to 6 ngit Gratis (taken IHtlyj too to 8 „ Strop 6 to 1 „ Zoo 20 to 1 „ Wildrako 6 to 1 „ Veno 2( to 1 „ Waimea too lo 8 „ Deception. 20 to 1 ,, The Von 100 to 8 „ Young Morgan 20 to I „ Moss Itose. ran race. Just beforo three o'clock, clevon of tho dozen on tho card went to tho three mile post, the absentee being the Victorian threo- yrold, Mainstay, whoso untoward accident al tho Homebush station in the morning we have endeavoured to explain elsewhere. The starter lounu ins great uusiness in iianu uy no means irksome, for at tho very first attempt all got away on the best of terms with each other, savo Zoc, who, however, rushed like mad to tho foro, awl ould hardly bo persuaded to givo Tho Don the honour of holding the first place round the last turn, or ' Tuttenhum Corner.' As soon as tho horses hud nettled into their places, The Don had assumed r- decided lead, Zoe, pulling doubly double, going along next, followed by Waimea and Yonng Morgan, Flying Buck filling tho fifth placo, and the roinnining half-dozen, all within a couple of lengths of one another, forminr the ruck. Coming down the straight running, Flying Buck slightly improved his placo, but it was evident as tho lavourito passed the stand, that he could not or would not stride as of yore, and that thero existed not the slightest, chance of his gaining tho day. By tho stand, also, Veno was many lengths to the rear, tho other three chestnuts leading the charge in the same order as at the start. Beforo ?' the rucks ' wore ncarcd, Deception passed Waimea, whilst Wildrako and Strop, both running well within themselves, wero sven gradually overhauling Flying Buck. Opposite thn stiind Young Morgan and Waimea were racing along neck uud neck, Deception having in tho meantime retired from iho heat of tho contest, and Flying Buck having been passed by Strop. Before they hail goue once round, The Don's sand was run out, and Waimea also found herself unable to keep company with Zoo, who was now in possession of tho load, and almost overpowering her rider in h«r repeated cfibrts to get awiiy from her opponents. A hollow in the courso, and ihocrowd of spectators nt Tattenham Comer, pro vented our seeing tho raco again until the straight running was enured, when Wildrako had commenced tj disputo the piciniership with Zoe, and shouts of ' Veno'a coming ' wero huird. Passiug tho stand Zoo was no longer held back, but was hnrd pressed bv Wildrako, followed by Veno nud Young Morgan, The Don an I Waimea being tho next couplo, and Strop, Deception, Flying Buck, Gratis, and Muss Hose making up the rearguard, in that order. Uy 'the rocks,' again, Strop mado play, and was closo on to Veno's girths, opposito the stand, Wildrake in tho meantime having all but deprived Zoo of Iho lead, Deception at this juncture being fifth, nnd Young Morgan sixth. It now became evident that In tho bauds of Zoe ami Wild rake Iho result of tbo raco lay, und great was the cxclto ment when it was ai-on that stride afier stride, tho mnro could net shnko off her opponent. Veno, ton, gamoly retained his ground, and hin friends begun almost to think that it was yet on tho card for him (0 pull through. For tho hist half mile, though, iheso threo rattled alone liko clock-work ; and despito tho exertions ! of Snell 011 Wildrultcnnd lliggerson on Veno, Zoo camo : iu the victor, without having once insted cither whip or spur, by llirre lengths. Veno was eight lengths be hind Wildrako, and throe- quarters of a length in front \ of Deception, and fitrop wus fifth, two lengths to tho r;ar of Diccpllon. Tniiug Mnrfon wa» .-Ixlb, Clrutl- seventh, Tim Hun ' «i-hlli, Wninifi. nlrtb, flyinjc !'.?'?:: t.'iitb. .it.il Mnis Ho-.-, who w.is |.nll-.-.l I'f- '- 'I- Oj.i-nt^ii^-llie .iail,llini; p,i,U,.-fc,. 6» see. 