^* ST. MARY'S NEW OHUROH. The il st stone of. the new Church of St. Mary's, West Maitland, was laid yesterday, by the Right.Rev. the Lord Biftop of Sydney, assisted by the Right Rev. the I ord Bishop of Newcastle, in preBonoe of n largo number ir íh« olorffv of the diocoso, and an assembly of some "ve hunáreTl persons, including. mouiborj of the various rollg o«s? denominations of tl,e, community. , The very Si foundation of the church bad previously been S |. « hiirbl Y creditable manner, by Mr. Sherwood ; ? S\boÄnyof the'visitof the Metropolitan to this ^oeese vvas obosen for commenoing the res.miption of ' Z work. The stone laid will form the first stone of the bSÄt the N.B.. angle of the chancel. It bear. », inscription' setting forth the" name of the'Church, and the date of the present ceremony. Divinó service was performed In the morning in the present church, when tho Kev. It. Chapman, the Incumbent, officiated, the Bishop of Newcastle taking part in the Communion service, and the Bishop of Sydney preaching from Isaiah xxvlli., 10. Tho church was crowded to exoess, and many persons were grouped in the porch. Alter tho conclusion of tho servico the congregation assembled around tho spot where tho shears for elevating the stone wcro ercoted, mid sang thcl76th hymn, appropriate to tho occasion. The 132nd Psalm was then read by tho incumbent and the, people in altoraato verses, after willoh the Bishop of Newcastle read the third ohapter of the first Epistle to tho Corinthians. A glass jar, containing a copy of the Mercury, and a parchment (the inscription on which is given below), was then prepared, and Imbedded in a cavity cut In the foundation stone. The Bishop of Sydney then spread some of the mortar, and when the stone hod been lowered, and adjusted to Its position by Mr. Blacket, the architect, struck it with the mallet, and said: I lay this as the foundation or corner-stone of a churoh to bo erected in this place, to bo called St. Mary's, and to be set up for the preaching of the right and catholic faith which wo hold | and confess, In flio nnmo of the Father, and the Son, and tho Holy Ghost. Tho Glorious Majesty ot tho Lord God be upon us 1 1'rosper the work of our hands upon us ; yea prosper thou our handiwork 1 in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Then followed tho Apostle's Creed, and prayers, after willoh Tho Bishop of Sydney, addressing tho Bishop' of tho Diocese, the Itev. It. Chapman, and tho members of the Church of England of tho congregation present,' said he desired to unite with them In returning thanks ,to God for the present auspicious commencement of their work, or rather for its resumption under such favourable auspices. He owed it to the kind arrangement of his dear right reverend brother, the Bishop of Newcastle, that his first visit to this diocese had been marked by an event of so great mo ment, and one in which he with them lelt bo deep an Interest, ns the foundation of a houso to be dedicated to the Most High God, and willoh would secure spiritual blessings to the town and neighbourhood, For the work in which they were engaged was not the foundation ot a material building merely, but of the hopes ot many lor eternity. He trusted that within tho walls of the building that was to be erected the pure word of God would be faithfully preached, and the Sacraments It or- dained regularly administered'; that many children might there be dedicated by baptism, and many hearts be consecrated to God ; that ninny purposes lor good might there bo strengthened, and many a good resolve bo made to bring-forth Irult; thatmnny might be cdtlled in their most holy faith, and that salutary blcs singsmightthusbcconfcrredongcncrntlonstocotne. Uefcltulso .that they were laying the foundations ol'truth and order, and peace, of.morality, and godliness. Sooicty rested upon, the foundation of religion; there was no sooiol order or.temporol frosperlty which did not rest on the basis of the Word of God. low could justice bo maintained but by suoh means? How, it had been asked, could the sanctity of an oath, how could men's relations to their neighbours and to God, how could truth and sobriety, be sustained, except by the influence of re- ligious ordinances,-for the observance ot which the work they hud commenced was undertaken ? Ho trusted that his licv. Brother would sec the completion of the churoh in accordance with its beautiful design, nnd that uercattcr ho would be per- mitted to preach within it the Word ot God, and to see the fruit of his labours in many witli whom he would hopo to meet the Judge, and say, "Hero am I, and the children whom thou hast given me." He ' congratulated his Bight Kev. Brother also on the event of tho day, aud on the numbers who joiued in celebrating it; and know lug that the desire of his heart was the welfare of his people, he trusted that that desire would bo fulfilled, and that lie. would see lu the completion of this work the accom- plishment of his pious aims. Ile congratulated the laity also that they had one placed over them as the shepherd of the told of the church, whoso life was devoted to the promotion of its welfare, and who, though meeting with somo difficulties and discouragements, bad seen his work prosper. Might this material building prove the gato ot heaven to many 1 As its walls arose, migut many spiritual stones be built up likewise, and thus the internal as well as the external workol the church progress. He trusted that ho might yet meet a congregation wltliiii those walls, and that the Divine blessing would rest upon them both now and for ever. The Bishop op Ndwcastle said he would not now detain them with many observations ; butit was incumbent upon him to express his sincere thanks, both on their part and on his own, to his Bight ltev. Brother for the kind part he had takeu in these proceedings. He trusted that what they had heard both Inside tile old church, and there on the foundations of the new one, would be kept In their minda and memories. He felt that It could not readily be lorgotten. Ho would then offer their united thanks to lils Klght ltcv. Brother for lils kind co-operation. To the clergyman and parishioners of St. Mary's, he would say, it was a great work they had commenced, ana lie trusted they would sec lu completion ; bat ho would ask them not to be over-sanguine. It would not be completed in a day. It would perhaps take many years to complete; but then they would feel that a great work bad been achieved, and one that would bo a blessing to their children's children for generations. To those who saw its completion, might it be really tho gate of heaven 1 might the prayers uttered within I it enter thu presence of God, and, lor the Saviour's sake, be accepted I might this great work be completed, and be a bles- sing to theni and to générations after them. The Bishop or Sidney having pronounced tho benediction, tlie assemblage separated, many of the clergy and others pro- ceeding to partake of a luncheon, provided with much elegance and amplitude, In the parsonage. The design of tho new church of St. Mary's Is one which, as was recently remarked, would satisfy the most fastidious con- noisseur In Gothic architecture. It Is of the decorated English period. Tlie building will consist of a navo, chancel, aisles, two Îtorches, vestry, tower, and spire; Its extreme length inside 112 ¡set, and extreme width 45 feet. The tower and spire will rise to a height ol about ISO feet. Tho aisles will be divided from the navo by five pillars of stono on each side, sustaining arches on which the walls of tho clerestory will rest. The Eastern window-a handsome one of live lights will face Church- street, and the tower will be placed at the north-eastern angle, lacing tho same street. The porches on the north and south sides will add'materially to the appear- ance of the building. Tho structure will consist wholly ol tho heavy close-grained stone of Ravensfield. Its site on the church land, scai eely a stone's throw to the north of the present build- ing, being one of the highest spots in the the town, will render the church a prominent lcaturu in the landscape, the view of which is commanded by the neighbouring hills ; and thus its proportions will be displayed to advantage. The cost of the ohurch will probably amount to £6O0O or £7000, of which a sum of about £600 has been expended on the foundation. The church will seat 700 persons. Tho parchment enclosed In the glass Jar, boro the following inscription, engrossed by Mr. Alsop, with much tasteful and elabóralo ornamentation : "Un Friday, the 7th day of September, A.D. 18G0, the first stone of St, Mary's Church, West Maitland, was laid by the Klght Kovcrcnd Frederick Barker, D.D, Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, assisted by the Bight Reverend William Tjrrcll, D.D., Lord Bishop ofNewcastle. Rev. R. Chapman, Incumbent of St. Mary's; Lord Uishop of Newcastle, E Hungerford, 1*. Green, Trustees ; W. Briggs, E. Hungerford, G Vindln, Church wardens; E. T. Blacket, architect" (the aboi c names being attached as signatures). The Implements with which thu stone was laid consisted of a level, a mallet, and a trowel, manufactured for tho occasion by Mr. Horablowcr. The head of the mallet, which was turned from colotilul rosewood, was ornamented with a carved Dower: the level was also ofcolonlal wood, its design and enrichment ol an appropriate character. It ia intended, we understand, to preserve these articles lor a place to bo allotted to them in the new vestry._ 