ANSWER TO THE REV. MR, MTNTYBlI to the Ediiort of the Maitland Mercury. . . "VERITAS DOMINI IUKKT I" Xnmm.« ^"",v,".T" , . . Aol.116. GENTLEMEN-Iam induced to appear bah», and the publie again, through «elf-resDeotT./00 of my causo, and the «soient mtnner ofrT "ni/0'' He, líke Hannibal of old, has sworn eTernÄuTt»» Romans. The long-threatened pamphlet hu.st It made its appearance; but every one seem, to '«»ni with the merit wbioh it deserves, that is, silent onnf«. i' It may be well said to have «fallen deadtrnfA press." In it he endeavours to hold up to public ,ii' the names of twenty-nine Protestant gentlemen »Ä all that lay in th.ir power to make hun desUt f±^ rash design ¡ but let me tell him their nsmei »ni k held in honour and respeot by the inhabitants et v.¡, land, as lows of peace and good will, when ii,»« of William M'lutvgwill be o? very slu.^VT the eonolusion of his pamphlet, he exhorts all « f» every legitimate means to arrest the desdlv aoUrîîJ,. the Catholic faith, and banish it from theW'fV earth "What presumption, to think of overturning tï. Rook of Ages! whereas, Christ said the gatts ofH.5 would pevor prevail against it. I wonder Eil shrivelM hand did not become paralyzed in writing the »TT He may be compared to an ant trying to pull downVu mountain and a oity built on the top of it " The m Burely cannot be in his right senses, that IndolirsiT suoh a mad strain a» this, and when hundred« after h.« dred« are flocking to and embracing Catholiolty wita has defied all that malioe and bigotry could invent f» the last three hundred years. He, in his imnoUn« would banish it from the face of the earth ! ^""""f But I must notice his letter«, wbioh productions tur be compared to " the fiery darts of the moatwioktd Ja» » with which 1 suppose he expeoted to wound na mu death ; and, indeed, were it not to vindicate the truth I would desist from answering such scurrilous and imnC. tirades, so unworthy one styling himself a minister of ti« Gospil. But this is the old "artful dodge," when not »He to meet the argument, to fly to abuse j and it is twl, Oalviniitio. I called upon him to apologize for tis grievous insult offered to the Cathou« oommnnity SEI) make the amende honorable; and bow does he do it but by repeating the insult. ThiB skiltul critio has taken me to task for my «nDl¡. cation of terme ; let us for a moment examine his famous Eroposition, "Popery is «baptized heathenism," and se« ow it will stand the telt of oritiaism. In that propo- sition how can he reooncile the term heathenism with the subject popery ; it is impossible, for they neutrshi* eaoh other ; they mean the vory opposite. Heathenism ignores the Deity, and implies a total wsnt of thekno». ledge of God. Popery, BB he tern« the Cathollo Ohnrsl believes in God and revelation, and makes everything subservient to the one true snd living God. What Ï confused brain that man must have, who could find air analogy between those terms ; to discover snob a genos as heathenism in regard to Catholicism. Ho» ti» gentlemen of Oxford snd Cambridge must laugh to toora such an unmeaning, not to say blasphemous, proposition Why, he could not apply the term heathenism to the system of Mahomet, because Mahometanism implies an exalted belief in God, and all his attributes. 1 am con- vinced, Gentlemen, every word I have written proves that the Catholic believes in God, and in every thing which he has taught; but the poor man seems to have a monomania on the subject, and therefore is more an object of pity than dread. He cannot understand in what sense I used the word au thentic: why it is plain from my letter that I used the terms authentic and genuine as synonymous, and they ire taken to mean the same by both Catholic and Protestant writers on the Scriptures. By many Catholic theologi- ans, that book is called authentic which has been written by the person to whom it is generally ascribed. I snslt give mv authority, for what is the use of testimony «¡ti. out authority, li Abba. Borgier, in hil Dictionnaire D» Theologie, vol. i. page 205, at the word Authentic»«, thus defines it-"On nomme livre auth.ntiqn», eels! qui a été écrit par l'auteur dont il porte 1« som, st anquel il est communément attribué." The Abbe Ber* gier wai a Frenoh Cathollo theologian. The «oíd authentic is taken in a more extended 'sense by Calooli« theologians, to signify, not only that the booklsgenniu, or written by the person whose name it bears, bat its integrity, orpnrity, and that the author would not, nar could not, state a falsehood ; and this gives a book ti« requisite authority. I take this definition from another eminent Catholio theologian and learned writer on ti« Scriptures. J. H. Janssen», in his Hermenéutica Sscrs, or introduction to all and every one of the books of tis Old and New Testament (it is a Latin work), thus laji down hil definition-" Liber auMenfieui est, qui soo toritatem faolt. Ad plenam libri alioujui autMntis% sen auctoritatem, requiritur ut lo. Conitet lilma sa«* genuinnm ; tono enim constat auctorem qnn aoribit soire potnisse ; nt 2o. Liber integer, s»n quoad eutiti alia inoorrnptus, extet ; et nt So. Constat auotorem to» verooem, sen mentiri noluisse, immo neo'potnisw."-1 was therefore quite comet in making spurious the oppo- site of authentic I did not refer, a» he states I did, ti» mistakes in translations to tbe genuineness of the book, but to its integrity, its truth, iti purity ; and had I* paid attention, he might have seen now I kept th« ts» properties perfectly distinct : but he was very glsd to get into a corner, and confuse my reasoning. My line of argument was this-that, by the principle of private judgment, he wa« bound to searoh in ordert» discover the genuineneet and integrity of the ooriptom, but that It waa the next thing to impossible for lim to do io, and absolutely impossible for the poor and ¡Hit*, rate to arrive at this knowledge ; and therefore ; le ltd no alternative but to fall back upon the unanimous con- sent of Ohriitiam in all ages and places- that li, ti« tradition and authoiity of the Catholio Church, horde to illustrate the extreme difficulty, after » coniiderabl» time, of knowing whether a book be written hy Lim to whom it ii generally ascribed, and free from error, let me take, for example, the late brochure- thit elegant production of a «plendio mind-tbe pamphlet tlutd .' Heathenism of Popery, Proved and Hllustrated." hip pose in a year or two it undergoes a reprint throughout the colonies, and the " Printer's Devil " at afelbetirni oontrives to piek out a word here and there, and alter the sense; again at Hobart Town the oompositor msiss it utter most strange things, more absurd and men- dacious, if possible, than now. By and by "theelect" think of getting it translated, to help in " preventing " the spread of Popery, not into any of the cultivated tongues-I will do them the credit to say they would never think of »noh a thing, the-production Is too maia -but into the language of the New Zealandor, of tie Feej'ee, or of the Hottentot; and the translators bspptn to be very deficient, «e that manifold are Ita addition» and subtractions. Other pamphlets make their appear- ance in the course of y«»r», purporting to have »en written by the tame individual, but not ni« production, and all varying. The " elect " with to find out whioh of them wai written by Mr. M'Intyre, that is, th« genuin« one, and whether it be without error, trntbfnl, pos- sessing Integrity ; in the meantime he ii dead, ind ti» gem, the original, is lost. Now, any one must »ee lw. extreme tliflioulty, after a number of years, of dlictriiog the genuine one from tho spurious, more especially if those who live in the times be as unobstrvsnt si Mr. M'Intyre has been in respect to the priest who official««» at Hinton. But to come to the prinoipal point. What I parti«» larly directed attention to In my last letter, snd which. he bas not attempted to oontrovert, was th» comraliuoa whioh our Saviour gave to the Apostles, in Matt, xxrul» 19,20, when hesaid : Goingtherefore, teaohyealinatlo»», &o.; ; whloh text prove» that a visible Church «si ««UM ¡shed by Christ as thegusrdisn of his word, ths mliislOT of whioh were to instruct the faithful in every tblngwUlen he had commanded them, and, moreover, tilt she »». endowed with the prerogative of infallibility, beean» he wa» to be with his Church " all davs, even to the con- summation of the world." Hs» he »bown by snr text or Scripture that Christ did not »ppoint an inraUiW» Church to direct man in matter» ot »alv»tiop, »nd MM the Sorlpture» were the »ole and whole roi» of faith . He, I firmly aiiert, ha» not. I will produce.other Urti in «npportof the divine authority of the Church. W» read in John xiv., 16, where Ohriit»»y», ¡n th« dlieonr»» after the last supper, "And 1 will ask theTather, and he ahall give yon another Paraclete, that h« m»y abUe with you for ever: the Spirit of Truth, Tm.T* world oannot reoeive.but you ahall ino» MB» becauso ha »hal! abide with you, and »ball be in you all. Luko x., 16 : " He that heareth jon heareth me, »nd lie that despiseth you dwpioeth me." Could words be more forcible than these to »how the divine »nd P«P»W»' mission whioh the Saviour gave unto thoa» »J10»," appointed to go and tcaoh all nation«, to tho «nd ol tn« worldi ' In hi« first reply he m»ke» nie of the word;. ' Might not God have enpplemented the Scriptures, by th» win« try of inspired teacher», until the Canon wai complet*. and have withdrawn auoh ministry t» ThUiimyinwer. Either Ohriit left an impired ministry, that . »n »»» HbleOhurob, or he did not; if he did, whit »uthority has Mr. M'Intyro for supposing It w»i wiin. drawn, in course of time, to m»ke room for the Scriptures t None whatever. l»ve'»?"3 above, that all the proof ii in favour of .» «W'1*? ministry, or infallibleTohuroh, continuing to the end « the world. If he did not leave »uoh a ministry, then tw early Christian» oouldnot b« intalHWy oertain a« to their faith, " since," he »ey«, " thoy were without Scripture«* without tradition.» Doe» it not itand to rea.« Ott» Redoemor would loavo to man an unerring guide m matter» of salvation, and not loave him der*««'DK!?r hi» faith upon tho written word »lone-a dumb DOO». wbioh cannot give ovidonco to itself, and Ji*blejo » interpreted according to tho whim »nd c»prlco of tn» individualf I» it not a fact, that you will "Wr».* ten Protestant» understanding one text of Scripture in the same sense. Luther, it is said, held thirty-six different opinions in regard to these words of Christ " This is my body ;" and eighty different interpretations are put upon the words by Protestants in general. The Free Kirk of Scotland proves from Scripture that the Established Kirk is Antichrist, and the Established If ric find from Scriptnre that the Free Kirk is I JiirK uno ««". .. K f T. , wn.,ia novar leave the Prôto/tant Ohtiroh," by the celebrated Bossuefc; and if öfter the perusal of that work he can reconcile the l^nifnlds- differences therein laid down and explained, it Tm be very strange. I have the book, and with much ^Lure I8halllegndit to him, together with Cardinal Woman's »«tores "on the prinoipal Doctrines and Practices of the Catholio Ohuroh.» He would make it appear that my object; was to unsettle thf minHB of the people, and destroy their confidence in the Divine Authority of the Scriptures. J had no snob »nrf in view. In regard to their inspiration, 1 asserted Te oonld not prove they were inspired; because Our &vioTr; did not promise that what tho Apostles wrote wJùld be inspired and tbot none of them lay claim to in«n ration, unless he can prove this, the saored books SÄtta" authority. Whatever certainty he oniyresj> ¡r . Teeard to the owrt fact» of their ZTnin«es andT integrity, how'will he come to the Cwkdge of the covert /acfof their inspira ion? It is ft;>!ln to atUmnt to prove this by internal illumination, ' f îrA¥w«on-"the power of; the truth made T"nlS«tin the soul by the Holy Spirit"-that is, trying Tmive a A »y another wnioí is more difficult of «TMf When he takes away the unanimous testimony of thaOotholio Church in every age, he destroys the only mounds upon which their inBpiration rests. He will We it that the genmneness and integrity of «koflnrintures can be proved by evidenoe distmot from Ä The Roman Catholic Church If there were such evidence, why did he not.produce itf The truth is, he' cannot- for the only testimony that can be adduced ia the agreement of theohurohos, in all ages, in comwinion with the See of Borne, that is, the tradition of the Ga holio Ohuroh : and if produced, I suppose he knew it could be made to prove Catholic doctrine with tel ing «ffoot In proving the Soriptures, what Mr. M'Intyre rmreients as neoessary is letttmony, and not authority. Now. this is only playing upon words ; for Rh$ w% re* Suire in the o**e ,ia demonstrative evidence^tostimony BDendiDg upon the oompetenoy.and truthfulness of him who (fives it. And what is this but the testimony of authority ? It may be called human evidenoe, but not testimony without anthority. "By human testimony," ISU.u.uu- UpO'^_ I propose to him the following syllogistic argument, and lot us see how he will grapple with it. A faith that is built upon human authority cannot be a Divine faith ; but his faith is built upon human authority-therefore, it oannot be Divine. .«..vi. We will suppose, for the sake of argument, that he has proved to his satisfaction the Bible to be the word of God-is he sure that he is in possession of the entire rule of faith ? No, he is not ; for I can show that many parts of the Bible are wanting. Oontzen, a learned author, in his preface to the four gospels, proves that as many as twenty books are lost. Let him look in his Bible for the following text-Num. xxi. 14. Where ¡B the book of th» Wars of the Lord mentioned there? This book is lost. Again, 1 Ohron., xxix. 29. Where is the book of Samuel the 8eer, and of Nathan the Prophet, "and the book of Gad the Beer? All these books are lost. Again (II. Ohron., ix, 29), where is the Book of Nathan the Prophet, and the others mentioned in the text ? Lost. There are several booka referred to in the New Testament wbioh are lost. St. Paul, in his first Epistle to the CorinthianB, v., 9, .ays, " I wrote to you an Epistle." That Epistle is not to be found. Again, St. Paul commands to be read in the Ohuroh the Epistle from Lnodices.-Col. iv., 16. That is lost» Therefore he bas not got the whole ot the Bible, but only a small portion of the Word of God. May there not be in those books which are lost some- thing neoessary to be known t They may establish the doctrine of the Infallibility of the Ohuroh and of Pur- gatory in words most confirmatory of the same. Where in the Bible is it laid down what articles are essential to be believed in order to be saved ? And does he not be- lieve many things as necessary to salvation which are not contained in the Bible ? For instanoe, I suppose he believes that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son. Let him show mp where the Script uros teach that doctrine. Does he believe baptism necessary to salvation ? Where in the Bible is infant baptism com- manded? Nowhere; rather it appears to teach that the person should believe before being baptised. He believes it necetssry to salvation that the Sunday should be kept holy. There is no command for this in the Scripture ; bat for the Sabbath, wbioh is Saturday, and not Sunday the last day of the week, and not the first. Therefore, all things necessary for salvation are not to bo found in the Bible, and consequently it cannot be sufficient as a rule of faith. Again, as he rejects all authority and holds by the prinoiple of private judgment, to be consistent, ne is bound tosaaroh and study the whole Scriptures, from Genesis to Revelations, to find out what he should be- lieve to form his faith. If he says it Is sufficient to read st part of them, I ask where it the text that states he is not to examine the whole Bible ? How are the thou, sands and thousands that cannot read to searoh the Sjcriptures, to find ont their faith? How are those of weak judgment to prosecute the enquiry, when so many things are difficult to be understood-which St. Pani says the unlearned and unstable wrest to their own destruction ? How are the young to judge of what they are to believe, in order to be saved, betöre they come to the years of discretion ? Are they to be without faith until they are able to judge for themselves from the Bible? Permit me to put two oates before him, to both of whioh I'll expect a direct answer. He is a married man -I shall not term him a tort of a married man, as he has called me a sort of bachelor. Now, supposing he has children, must they not, from the principle of private judgment, be without any faith, until they come to the years of discretion ? They cannot receive their faith on the authority of another: they must take it from the Soriptures. The seoond question is, how can he, on the principle of private judgment, convert the Socinian, who does not believe in the divinity of Jesus Christ? In vain will he try to convince the Socinian, from the Scriptures, that Christ was supernaturally conceived, and equal to God ; he will believe in none of the mysteries of religion, because they are beyond his comprehension, and not com- patible with reason, atid will tell Mr. M'Intyre that he has as good a right to exercise his judgment upon the text of the Bible as he has, and the conclusion he comes to is that Jesus Christ was not God. Tho Catholic Rule evinces the wisdon of God. It is plain to be seen from the Scriptures that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, established a living infallible judge to decide upon matters of salvation. The sincere enquirer surrenders his judgment to that tribunal, and all his doubts and difficulties are at an end ; he rests securely on the Rock of Ages, the Ohurch of God, the Catholic Ohurch, against which Christ assures him the gates of Hell shall not prevail ( Matt. xvl. 18.1 And Christ com- mands her to be obeyed and believed under the pain of eternal damnation | for if he will not hear the church, let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican. (Matt, xviii. 17.) In answering those questions which I have proposed, let him not indulge in buffoonery and his usual acerbity. If he looks upon the subject as the most important that could be discussed, should he not calmly, reverently, and reasonably answer the several questions, in the tone of a Christian gentleman. This I consider sufficient for tho present. In due time I shall reply to his remarks and sneers on the subject of Purgatory, and show that all roy arguments remain untouched. He has taken up nearly two columns of your issue of 9th instant with what I oan term nothing else but mere twaddle, endeavouring to (twist the texts whioh I brought forward in favour of Purgatory, to his own purpose, and in doing whiob. ho has proved nothing. But he has not answered my argu- ment, and informed the public at what time the doctrine of Purgatory was invented by the priests of the Catholic Church, and in what part of the world this wonderful innovation took place, and who those were of, the pure churoh that opposed it. Until he does this, all his gar- rulity must go for nothing. I have shown that the Catholic doctrine of Purgatory has been believed by all true Christians, since the first ages of Christianity, and is conformable to the Scriptures, and therefore must nave been taught by Christ and the Apostles. Nothing could be more absurd than for him to state that prayers for the dead does not imply a middle state, for, what use to pray for the souls of the departed, if it is believed the soul is either in Heaven or Hell, for then prayers for them could be of no avail. He says the Greek schismatics pray for -the dead, and do not believe in Purgatory. After this he is espablo ef assorting any thing | the statement is most falte, as I could easilv Îirove. Why, when tho Protestants of Franco, by the »mom M. Oíanse, consulted the Greek Ohurch as to their belief on certain points, the bishops in council assembled declared that they held tho doctrine of the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist, the doctrine of Purgatory, and the Invocation of Saints. I challenged him to pro- duce from the Scriptures a text as strong against the doctrine of Purgatory as I produced in favour thereof from li Mac. xii. 43, 4C. Has he done so? I was shocked, and many more, at his impious remarks upon the books of Machabees and of Tobith in order to destroy their authority. I could not but think, that had he been present when our Saviour " made clay of tho spittle, and spread the clay on tho eyes of the man who was blind from his birth," Jo. ix., he would have sneered at his Redeemer. Protestants in general respect the book of Machabees (and indeed all the books of the Apocrypha) and allow it historical credit. I shall cite in its favour the testimony of an eminent and learned Protestant . Dr, Jeremy Taylor writes thus-" We find by the history of the Macabees, that the Jews did pray and make offerings for the dead, which appears by other testi- monies, and by their form of prayer, still extant, which they used in the captivity." Really, gentlemen. when I reflect upon the many great and noble minds who have done all that intellect could do to disprove the Catholic doctrine, and have utterly failed, in what other light are we to look upon the silly reasoning of Mr. M'Intyre but as mere drivel ing . It is only a waste of time» and disturbing the public mind to no purpose, to notice his impotent and unholy attempts. He has no right to continue this con- troversy, unless he declares to the public what ore the articles of his belief We wish to know from him-1st. What grounds he has for supposing that the inspired Ministry—an Infallible Church-was done away with to make room for the Written Word, tho Bible ; 2nd, If he believes Baptism necessary to salvation ; and 3rd, If he blieves in the doctrine—that horrible doctrine—of Pre- destination. He should answer these questions, and the others I have put to him, and in doing which, if he keep to the points, 1 am confident it will mak him tire. Extingue flammas litium, Aufer calorem noxium, Veramque pacem cordium, Pax vobis. With many thanks, gentlemen, for your kindness, I remain yours, &o; , ¿so., JOHN KENNY, Catholic Clergyman. East Maitland, 12th June, 1860. P.S.-8inoe writing the above, I have come to the de- termination not to answer any more of his fanatical effusiona, whioh, in my opinion, are rather calculated to Bnggest arguments to the Infidel, and to Bet Protestant and Catholic by the ears," than to serve any good pur- pose. He may now, so far as I am concerned, rant and rave as long as he pleases. [ 3696 J. K. 