SAVOY AND NICE. tl'roin ilia Timas SO th I'obJ Sometimes there is complete notoriety, sometimes a close mystery, in the birth of mighty events. Now and then some fact which is to change all our destinies meets us full grown iu the high thorough- fare and at broad noon, and challenges ui to stand still and gape at it. Again, another which has its mission to make us ull rich or keep us all poor iniy be seen gradually rising from the ground, putting out leaf after leaf, and we watch it grow, not suspecting how big it will bo. Some come torth liku young croco- diles, hatched only by sun and sand ; some are steadily incubated by a staid old goose, or led about in infancy by a hen with many u cackle. But when they have grown strong it is impossible to ignore their existence or their power, we suddenly feel the. «reutest curiosity to discover their origin, and off we go, turning up every tuft of grass, and poking crooked sticks into every rabbit hole, to try and discover the fragments of th'e ejg-shell out of which this unquiet dragon which disturbs our slumbers originally emerged. The House of Com- mons was engaged in a Smell-fungus search of this kind last night. This very powerful Assembly, of which, although we must speak with unsleeping terrer, wu may yet venture to remark that it has not always the earliest of all possible information, has become aware that there is a rumour abroad to the effect that the Emperor of the French desires to annex Savoy to his other domiuions. Mr. Monckton Milnes could not help seeing it,' but proposed to take no senatorial notice of it, as it was " only a rumour." Mr. Kinglake had seen it for some time before, and he insisted that, ghost or -no ghost, rumour or no rumour, impalpable air or breathing flesh, he would seize it ¡uni examine it, so chut hct*eult'>i' the whole world might know what to think iib mt't. So he seized it accordingly, and last I night he dragged it up before the House ot Commons. Ile had ' extreme ililli« cuUy," us he told the House, " in discovering its otigiti." He noted that " it arose in u su auge manner." In fact, this Savoy annexation question was introduced to the House and received by the House as though it were a novelty ol' the very latest discovery. So lar as can be discovered i rom last night's debate, its ! eg» was first laid in a private letter written Irom Paris to Mr. Kinglake; which eoiiiniiied these oracular wcrda,-" Savoy und Nice, are to be annexed by Universal autUittfOi This Wa? tim Billin of ull i titi ¡-wie. m um m\A i»i f ¡.tbi to, walking, then running, then striding over the house tops, and next waa heard cluiiioifriifg for all the dusty old banners in Cliumbery and ' Nice, «ml calling the people together by beat of drifm. The object of Mr. Kinglake was to lay this wandering rumour in the Red Sea, or in any other Eastern gin trap ; and he handed him over at once to the custody of Lord John Russell, whose duty it was to deal with bim. Mr. Kinglake proved most distinctly and most conclusively that if this rit nour should ever become more than a rumour, and should ever shuffle on a mortal coil, becoming fleshy mid bony and palpable, it would be the duty of all men to unite und hunt bim down. His existence has been foreseen and proscribed. He lins been Interdicted by ti priori laws. Whenever he shall pass out of that middle state of existence in which he can hold communion only through a medium, and express his sentiments only by raps under a table, we shall, as Mr. Kinglake affirms, with much parchment warrant for what he I says, be liable to be called upon by Austria, t or Russia, or Prussia, separately and without joint action, to enter the list against bim. In plain English, Mr. King- lake very learnedly argues that if the Emperor of the French should annex Savoy wo are tied so fast by our treaties that wo should be bound at the demand of a.iy of the great Powers to go to war with Napoleon III. to compel Min to -desist«.- " As matters at present stand,'' says Mr. Kinglake, " it is competent to us to stund aloof from the great Conti- nental struggles, and to como to a calm determination as to whether wo should or should not take uny part in th)sc contests. If the proposed annexation, however, took place, uni' freedom of action would have depurtetl for ever, for no sooner would it have been accomplished than the cas'its faderis would have been complete, and Austria or Russia or Prussia might call' upon us separately, und without joint action, to fulfil our treaty engage- ments." This is a very alarming aspic, of affairs, seeing how very nearly that phantom or rumour, or whatever it may be necessary for the safety of senatorial dignity to call it, approaches to the substaucu and consistency of a hurd fact. Wo do not love ii more than Mr. Kinglake loves it. Perhaps we ure not so confident as he is that our own island security depends upon these Alpine valleys. Wn cannot repeat with him that " if there were one circumstance to which more than another it was duo that this happy part of the world bud not bean desolated by conquest, it was the fact that in a central part of the Continent there existed a mountainous district." Nor, with Mr. Albert Smith's experiences in view, can we share Mr. Kinglake's foars that, " if France were to become possessed ol' this department of the Mont Blnuc she would be in a position to march her troops across it with a directness which is not at present the case." But wo can quite go along with Mr. Kinglake and with Sir R. Peel in hnldiug that nothing can be more hate- ful than a pacte de famille which should dismember an ancient kingdom. Mr. Bowyer reminds us that in this case the circumstances of such a compact would be peculiarly hateful ; for by it the pre- sent King of Sardinia would not only hand over to au alien Prince the cradle of his own race, but he would actually I sell to him the bones of his forefathers, and the last resting-place of the old Counts of Savoy. Nothiiig'could'bc more dishon- ourable to Victor Emmanuel than such a compact ; and, although Sir Robert Peel, on the authority of Swiss statesmen, is prepared to assert its existence, and Mr. Kinglake equally believes it, it is at least satisfactory to know that, if it had been .1 'lie, it has not yet been publicly avoA'el. Lord John Bussell last night said .hat" both Powers have repeatedly denied that any such treaty exists." Sir Hubert Peel finds a coincidence in the circumstance that a communication was first made upon this subject by the french to the English Government on tim very day on which Mr. Cobden's treaty was signed, and the Opposition cheered this enterprising speaker when lie argued that the present Ministry were chaffering tariffs against territory, and encouraging Napoleon to correct at the same time his commercial system and his geographical frontiers ; but nothing has come out to show thut there is the least ground for uny such imputation. Tile discussi m w'hich has just taken place has not very much widened our knowledge of this matter. The design might be only a rum mr to the House of Communs, but it was a substance to the rest of Europe. The family c impact was suspected to exist, and is still only suspected to exist. The treaties of 1815 ure, of course, known to all, but it was not known what possibility there was of their provisions being brought out and arrayed against France with the force of un European law, backed by the détermina- tion of the great Powers of Europe to make it respected. The probability or improbability of this is as speculative and uncertain as ever. Sir George Grey tells us that thu "Government earnestly deprecates the annexation ol' Savoy ; not upon the ground of any specific interest which this country has in that annexa- tion, , but because of the consequences to which it would lead, aid the unseitlemenc of Europe which it would create." Lord John Russell uses the same "lunguuge, and believes that if Savoy should be annexed, even with the reluctant acquiescence of the Powers of Europe, it would be succeeded by a long period of distrust. But there is iu all this no actual declaration that the Powers of Europe are determined to stand upon their treuties, and to defend their public law. We com-j back very much to the old position which we have su'ofteii stated, that this .annexation of Savoy would be a robbery under terror ' of violence; but that ifNapolem is deter- mined to undergo the dishonour of such au,act, thu theft is not of such vital importance that we or others would go to war about it. No Englishman means to do any mure than this, ami none of us ought to say more. As to European complications und long periods of distrust, we dislike the phrases They mean War Estimates indefinitely prolonged; and, smarting as we now ure under those thirty millions, we are in a humour to feel that a long peace with a war establishment, is almost as great au evil as war itseli. 