' - '- REVIVALISM. ' ^(From the Teleeraph, February 11 th.) What has become of Revivalism and Revivilists ? Surely they cannot already bo stricken down to rise'no more ! And yet, where are we to find the . 'traces of that glorious millenium which this great : awakening was to uaher in ? Nevor before did a 'mountain after suffering such violent throes pro 'duoe so ridiculous a mouse, or rather nothing whatever. No ! we are wrong, it has engendered a last state much worse than its first. According to , a Northern paper the number of criminal cases ? during the week before last was forty per cent, larger than at the same period last year ; insanity »nd norvous affeotions have increased in a like ratio, whilst intemperance, idleness, and poverty, have . become alarming in extent. We hear no more of Ihe miraculous conversions and terrible convulsions of sinners suddenly become saints, and of profli gates motamorphosed into models of virtue and morality. The mutations are in short all the other ; tray, and, as we have said, the last state of these vessels of mercy has beoorae far worse than their ' first. Of course few bnt knaves, fools, and fana tics ever believed that these mummeries would end in any other way. But so intemperate was the zeal( so fierce' the fanaticism of those who originated the ridiculpus movement, that those who foresaw its evil ?oonsequences were not allowed a hearing at all, as Is uniformly tha case when superstition and bigotry leagued with craft, canning, and injustice, do seek .. to carry their vile. ends. Amongst the few olergy men of tho North who set their faoes against the '' ^movement, was the Rev. Mr. ll'Ilwaino. Like ? Archdeacon Stopford, he 9awthat physical affec itions brought about by stimulatory addresses and ?vohoment appeals to the passions wore in most in stances the cause and effect. Whenever the reli ? ?gioua , sentiment was not pre-exiatont, he saw that no moral or religious regeneration ensued, and where that sentiment had always been perceptible, no change either for bolter or worse followed the physical or hysterick convulsion. The Rev. Gen. tlcinan has, as we perceive by the Belfast Mercury, embodied these views in an able article published in the journal of Mental Science, from which we pubjoin an extract or two. as given by our ootera Jporary. The writer's condemnation of tb.03e jour nals who favored and encouraged the superstitions and injustice which characterized tho greater part of the revival cases is severe, but not more so than these' unscrupulous propagandists of the alleged religious awakening deserve : — Snob journalism was characterized by the most unprincipled exaggeration, and indeed unscrupulous misstatement, imaginable. To those who were cognizant of the Teal faots of the oaBe, the spirit cf, lying which prevailed became disgusting in the .extreme. Nor was this the only sample of laxity in i morals which the revival organs presented. 'Anger, wrath, malice,' vituperation, misropresen tation, and ' all unoharitableness' were the weapons of their warfare, wielded with all tho energy ima ginable in the case, against any who differed from Bevivalism. Some of the instruments, too, em ployed in the- production of this species of litera ture were curiously characteristic ; for example — [detailed histories of the movements have appeared from tho pens of individuals whose habits notori ously, oscillated between drunkenness and sobriety. ,-' Penny a liners' and sub-editors of professedly reljgious and respectable papers, exeouted their daily and weekly tasks in the same spirit, and with the same results, as regards veracity. ' But the Northern journals were not the only ' ..ones that indulged in rhapsodies on the movement and. exerted their influence to keep up the mania at fever heat— one or two of our Metropolitan organs contributed a tolerable share of effervescenoo to the Jiobby, and affected to regard it as little less than miraculous in its operation and results. The fol lowing is a graphic sketoh of the revival mania at Ibo period of its 'dog day exoitonaent' : — Viewed in the light refleoted by psychological Boience, the ' Ulster Revival' appears in an aspect ?at- once instructive and melancholy. During the height of its dog-day excitement (in the 'Summer months) a whole population presented the ap pearance of running after, and, in a sense, worship ping an idol, on whose temples and altars mi°ht be truly inscribed ' to the unknown God.' A change for the better, it was alleged, became sud denly apparent in popular morality. Vice was Sensibly diminished; drunkenness and profligacy ?were vastly, on the decrease ; and forthwith the con clusion was larrived at that all was right. It never occurred to those who so ruled that the test of time ought of necessity to bo applied; that thore wassuoh a phenomenon to be expected as one form of excitement temporarily expelling another, while the substratum of character, in the case either of the individual or of the community, might remain essentially unchanged. ?? A judge hero, and a bench of magistrates there, a synod in this place, a presby tery or a general assembly in another, a dignitary of the establishment or a roving incumbent else where, pronounced tho whole movement marvellous, nnd moreover of divine origin — therefore it wao so. It is perfectly fearful and revolting to read somo of the scenes whioh were onaoted whorevor the people had been inoculated, as it were, with this frenzy. Mr. M'llwaine gives us the following par ticulars of one of theao. saturnalia :— -During the earlier part of tho excitement a Scottish gentloman (Mr. Feter Drummond) of Stirling), on his return to Scotland, not only put into- extra circulation a journal avowedly as an organ of revivalism, but travelled to many places giving viva vocc accounts of what he had seen and heard in Ulster. Speuking at a large public meet ing in the city of Glasgow of ' the striking down' in terras of approval and thankfulness, Mr. Drum mond thus proceeds, as reported in the Glasgoio Herald .— ' Somo of the convict od see in thoir visions a black horse, others sco a black man ; others see Jesus Christ on the one side and tho Devil on tho other, and they cry ' O Jesus Christ, save me from the Dovil.' I do not say that all these people are converted, but I say that such a state is hope ful. We hav'ono right to find fault with tho way in which.tho Lord may be plenaod to work. It is very foolish and daring for any, good 'people or others, to quarrell with such things as these.' ? It would be difficult to parallel the state of the looality whence I now write during the height of the revivalmania (for such it actually became) in the whole history of similar popular delusions. Every day tho town and country teemed with tho most marvellous acbount of the supernatural. Music was hoard in tho air, angels woro'seon hover ing over congregations, and attending the converts ds they sang on their way home, after midnight, through the roads and streets. A butterfly hovers Dver the congregation in a Presbyterian meeting houae, and it is believed to bo tho embodiment of the Holy Spirit. Largo crowds are drawn together nightly to witness a man who hud oomo to preach to them ' with a bluo hand.' Ho does not appear, and his hand is blue (whether from the process of dyeing or not it miikfia no matter), ho raises this marvellous member, and girls fall, eoreatn, are carried out, sung and prayed over, and so pro nounced converts. Tho article in anothor place dwells with great truth and force on the part taken by clorgymon in keeping up the excitement arid favouring the de lusion into whioli the peoplo had been led. Were tho faots not notorious and prored on th« most re liable ovidenoe, ono oould'soareoly believe it possi ble that cduoatod and rational men could so far forget tho dignity of thoir Bacrod oalling, nnd tho responsibilitiea connected with it, as to give expres sion to sentiments such as tho following : — In tho month of July last, whon this delusion Wai at its height, and numberless unhappy young eroales were falling victims to these hysterical pa roxysms, one clergyman of the Established Church addressed his congrcpation from the pulpit, in this town, as reported in the publio Journals, in these words : — ' The physical manifestations were complained of. Were they to determine how tho Holy Ghost should work? The physical effects would pass away, and tho bodily strength would be renewed, and the sinner, in most instances, converted. The Christian man, he believed, would pause before he attempted to put down what was producing such blessed results. It was said to be hysteria. Then he -would say hysteria for us all, when it produced such results. Anything to arouso the soul. He would thank God if any member of his congrega tion should be so affected, rather than that any of them should remain in deep torpor of soul and go into everlasting destruction. Ho believed the work was entirely of God.' What have been the consequences of such inco herent and inflammatory harangues as this we have already stated. Crime and profligacy, neglect of every duty, abandonment of ordinary avocations, and a consequent loss of the means of subsistence for themselves and familioa, and add to these the crowning catastrophes — sickness, insanity, and ruin. These, with all thoir sad concomitants, are the result of the Northern Revivals— a result to which the aberrations of Protestantism, in its varied phaaos and teachings, easily expose its fol lowers, but which could nevor occur amongst Catholics, when they are duly instructed in their religion and well directed by their clergymen. 