MISCELLEANA. GALLANT CAREER OF ONE RIFLE FROM RANES— Intelligence was received by the last mail from India of the death of Captain Lawson, of the 22nd Highlanders, resulting from a wound on the knee received during the suppression of the mutiny. The career of this gallant soldier is worthy to note. Captain Lawson who was a native of Lanark, entered the army in 1837, having before that time been employed as a ploughboy. He served as a non-commissioned officer for nearly 16 years during which period he gained for himself the confidence and respect of his superiors, and the affection and esteem of his fellow soldiers. In 1854 he embarked with the regiment for the Crimea, was present at the Alma, and passed unscathed through all the hardships and perils of that memorable campaign. After Inkermann, along with a number of deserving non- commissioned officers serving in other regiments, he received his commission as ensign. In March, 1655, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant, and for some time previous to the conclusion of the war acted as captain the late Land Transport Corps. On his return to England, in 1856, he rejoined the 42nd, and shortly after received the appointment of instructor of musketry to the regiment. At that time also the magistrates and council of Lanark (his native town), in consideration of his distinguished conduct, agreed to present him with the freedom of that ancient burgh ; this honour, however, the gallant gentleman never bad an opportunity of personally receiving. The outbreak of the Indian mutiny called him again to the field, and in August, 1857 he left England with the head-quarters of the regiment for Calcutta. In 1858 he obtained his commission as captain, and shortly after received the wound which,on the 18th of August last, ended his honourable career. Captain Lawson commanded the picquet of the 42nd, thirty-seven in number; which was engaged in the terrible fight on the banks at the Suarda, on the morning of the 15th of January, with upwards of 3,000 rebeld. The little band of Highlanders defended themselves with extra ordinary courage from the sunrise to sunset, until relief arrived from General Walpole. Captain Lawson was honourably mentioned in the general's despatches for the manner in which he acquitted himself on that day. Steps are being taken to promote the erection of a suitable moment the memory of the late Sir John Franklin, at Spilsby, that being his native town. A drinking fountain has been erected on a suitable site of ground near the church at Brixton by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. They have also put down water troughs for horses, beasts, and sheep, on the road, which are found to be of great benefit. GARIBALDI'S WIFE— Garibaldi thus tells how he became a married man : —" I one day cast a casual glance at a house in the Burra (the eastern part of the entrance of the Juyuna, South America), and there observed a young female whose appearance struck me as something extraordinary. I saluted her; we were soon acquainted and I found that the hidden treasure which I had discovered was of rare and inestimable worth. But I have since reproached myself for removing her from her peaceful native settlement to scenes of dangers toil, and suffering. I felt more deeply self-reproached on that day when, at the mouth of the Po, having landed, in our retreat from an Austrian squadron, while still helping to restore her to life, on taking her pulse I found her a corpse. and sang the hymn of despair. I prayed for forgiveness, for I thought of the sin of taking her from her home." The rest of the lady's story is soon told. She accompanied her husband in his dangerous adventures, fought by his side on sea and land, received a ball through her hat, which cut off a tress of her hair, and travelled alone from Caritabani to Larges, sixty wild miles. '"Anna passed that dangerous way by night and such was her boldness that the assassins fled at the sight of her, declaring that they had been pursued by an extraordinary being. And. indeed, they spoke the truth ; for that courageous woman, mounted on a fiery horse, which she had asked for and obtained at a house, on her way where it would have been difficult for a traveller to hire one, she galloped, in a tempestuous night among broken rocky ground, by the flashes of lightning. Four of the enemy's cavalry, who was posted on guard at the river Canvas, when they saw her approaching, were overwhelmed with fear, supposing it to be a vision, and fled. When she reached the bank of the stream, which was swollen by the rain to a dangerous mountain torrent, she did not stop or attempt to cross it in a canoe as she had done when passing it a few days before in my company, but dismounting, she seized fast hold of the tail of her horse, and encouraging him with her voice, he dashed into the water and swam, struggling through the foaming waves, dragging her with him. The distance which she had thus to pass was not less than five hundred paces, but they reached the opposite shore in safety." Four days hard riding and only a cup of coffee. Flying with her husband from the Austrian army, after the great French treason of 1849, she landed with him at Msoda, and died exhausted on the beach. — Life of General Garibaldi. AMERICAN ELOQUENCE— The following ia said to have been delivered with applause at Bardstown, Ohio. —"Barbarity spread its blood-stained banner on every breeze— hung its tattered canvas in darkening folds from the spray-crowned billows of the Atlantic to the surge- beaten coasts of the Pacific. Forests trembed with the dirge of warring tribes— waters blushed with crimson hue—earth groaned beneath the load of long- gathered corruption. Heaven frowned at the awful picture. But heavings of civilization in the Old World were not to be confined by the terror of surrounding space; the hardy tars of the East were bent on a wider range, and in the mighty struggle of magic power scaling the briny surge, and the mountain waves, broke the terror of the ocean's waste in the talismanic grapplins of discovery — rent, in twain the mystic veil of nature's deep archane, despoiling; a world of its gloomy curtains, ▪ ▪ ▪ The nations of the world beheld with rapture the onward march of America to grandeur, glory, and fame. The lion of Britain's realms, the dread monster of nullification, gazed with indignant frowns upon her developing wonders and opening advantages; affrighted and startled from his dark and polluted air, hither became, wringing his gory looks and shaking war and death from his horrid mane. ▪ ▪ ▪ But, at universal solicitude, and she is about to become what the kingdom of the world have never accomplished ; that which nations have never done— continue to exist. Nothing could remain to ruffle the fair plumage, to impede the heavenward march of our country ; but she must onward and upward urge her eagle flight ; around her laurel chaplet of earthly greatness twine immortal wreaths aloft on gilded pinions soar the towering eminence of fame, clad mountains high, and strike the dread summit that man has never reached, where ragged steeps and frowning cliffs baffled the gigantic powers of the mind in every age." ELOQUENCE OF A YANKEE ADVOCATE—The following plea of a spread- eagle lawyer needs no comment.:— "Gentlemen of the jury—The Scriptures saith, 'Thou shalt not kill! Now if you hang my client you transgress the command as a slick as grease, and as plump as a gem egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murderis murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do no! No such thing gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do his duty ; but that will not exonerate you! No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day? Who, freemen—who in this land of liberty and light. Gentlemen, I will pledge my word, not, one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfume of cigar cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my unfortunate clien't. and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and glory goblins of despair Gentlemen I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you in the name of Woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you for the love you have for the succulent and condimental gusto of out native pumpkin to do no murder. I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country ! I adjure you, by the American Eagle that wipped the universa; game cock of creation and now sits roosting on the majestic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigation, to do ot murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you—if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo— and to sum up all if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking loafing, rascally, cut throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctibility, acquit my client and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. — Ontario Times. A DEATH GRIP—A sea captain related at a prayer meeting at Boston, a short time ago, a thrilling incident in his own experience :— "A few yew ago," said he, "I was sailing by the Island of Cuba, when the cry ran through the ship, "man overboard." It was impossible to put up the helm of the ship, but I instantly seized a rope, and threw ft over the ship's stern, crying out to the man to seize it as for his life. the sailor caught the rope just as the hip was passing. I immediately took another rope, and making a slip-noose of it attached it to the other, and slid it down to the struggling sailor, and directed him to pass it over his shoulder and under his arms, and he would be drawn on board. He was rescued, but he had clasped tha rope with such firmness — with such a death grip, that it took hours before his hold relaxed, and his hold could not separate from it. With such eagerness, indeed, had he clutched the object that was to save him, that the strand of the rope became imbeded in the flesh of his hands." The managing director of the Oriental Inland Steam Company made a report with reference to the navigation of the lndus, and the "steam trains" which the above named company have established on that river. He speaks in high terms of praise of the undertaking in which he is engaged, and hopes for great success. In anticipation of the probable increase of Winchester School, owing to the eight annual scholar- ships of New College, Oxford, being thrown open to the commoners, the authorities, have sanctioned the opening of private houses on a similar plan to that pursued at Eton, Harrow, and Rugby. A PUFF FROM OUR PIPE. — A pipe like a quack medicine, is worth nothing unless it is puffed. 