FURTHER EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. FROM THE MONITEUR DE LA FLOTTE, or Tim 27TH JP SKrTI-.JtUElt, AND OTHER LATE FnENCItpAl'EIlS. Translated for the Sydney Morning Herald.) ADVICES from Rome on the 17th of September state that General Count None had then the honour of presenting to His Holiness the Officers of the 22nd Regiment of the Line. Pius the Ninth had readily acknowledged the compliments of the General in the following words : " I thank, you, General, for the expressions which you have addressed to me, and for the visit which you have made me, in company with the brave officers of the regiment recently arrived in Rome. *' All the world admires the courage and discipline which distinguishes the French Army, and I hope, nay rather, I feel convinced, that this regiment will, for itself, also merit the same admiration, I am pleased, moreover, to see in you the sons of that nation which is proud to own herself as the eldest daughter of the Church. It is that you may be worthy of that title that you have come to Rome carrying out the ideas of your Emperor, to sustain and defend the rights of the Church. And herein be well aware, my dear sons, that the Church has no occasion for anyone to sustain her in her spiritual sovereignty for in that, directly protected and enlightened by God, far from having need of sup . port of the powers of the earth, it is she who sustained nations and empires. Since, however, God has thought fit, in the present dispensation of his providence, for the freer exercise of her spiritual sovereignty that the Church should also be endowed with a temporal power, it is the defence then of that power, my very dear sons, that you are called upon to maintain. A great and glorious mission ! As for me, if I am persecuted that is no reason why I should be abandoned. God who holds in his hands the rights of sovereignty and of peoples, protects m?, and his defence, I feel assured, will never fail me. You will protect me-you, who, for this object, have come to this central point, the capital of the Catholic world. In that intention (con quests intmdimetto) my very dear- sons, I raise my hands to heaven to bless you and your families, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The following is the order of the day addressed to the Division of Occupation, by General Count Goyen, on the 18th of September. " Officers and Soldiers, " The Emperor has deigned, by an imperial decision, dated the 12th September, to direct me to resume my old command, and so I return once more to you with a joy which is at least equal to the regret I felt at leaving you. "Called upon again, and by circumstances yet more grave than those of the past, to protect the interest of Catholicism in the person of the Holy Father, who is its most legitimate and highest representative, and also to guarantee the security of the Holy City which is His See, we shall be all equal to the importance of this noble mission, and really, if required, for every sacrifice to see these ends accomplished. It is with such sentiments that we respond like French soldiers to the will of our Emperor, and it is thus that we no longer envy our brothers in Cochin-China and in- Syria the glory of defending a great and noble cause. I know that I can count upon you, and you know how to rely upon me. " Our forces have received an accession of strength, to meet the exigences of our situation. Therein. foreements, animated by an excellent spirit and justly proud of their antecedents, will be of great assistance to us. "The first brigade, commanded by General Count None, will comprise " 1. The 20th battalion of Chasseurs a vied. '. 2. The 7th Regiment of the Line. " 3. And the 25th of the Line. "This general officer will, moreover, fulfil the functions of commanding officer at Rome, and will have under his orders a field officer to act as Major de place. " The second brigade, commanded by General Ridouel, will comprise " 1. The 10th Regiment of the Line. " 2. And the 60th of the Line. "The other corps will remain under the direct orders of their own commander, and will be like the brigades, under me as chief in command. " (Signed) General Count GOYON, General of Division commanding the Division of Occupation in Italy." (Moniteur de la Flotte, 27th September.) We take the following from the Moniteur Imperial of the 23rd September : " As we announced yesterday, their Majesties the Emperor and Empress of the French) landed unexpectedly at Port Vcndres to avoid having to cross the Gulf of Lyons. Notwithstanding the rough weather at sea, and the storm, of wind which the Eagle had to encounter, the passage was made, without any accident taking place. " A great affliction has happened to the Empress. It was only when her Majesty placed her foot in France that she received information as to the death of Madame la Duchesse d'Albe. The Empress, however, will know how to support this painful trial with courage and with resignation. Their Majesties left Perpignan yesterday, at eight o'clock, and arrived at Saint Cloud at six. " The Emperor is in perfect health. The same paper on the day following says : " The first care of the Empress, as soon as she arrived, was to go to her mother to lament with her over the irreparable loss she had sustained, and to bring her to Saint Cloud. Her Majesty has expressed her desire that the body of the Duchess of Alba should be temporarily deposited in the Church of Rueil, so that it may become possible for her to be near" her sister until such time as it shall he taken away to Spain. This day, at eleven o'clock a.m., by the Emperor's commands, the Count de Galle and the Marquis de la Grange went to demand the body from the cure of La Madeline, who hastened to hand it over to them. Carriages belonging to the Court accompanied it to Reuil, where it has been placed in one of the chapels of the church, near the tombs of the Empress Josephine and Queen Hortense, 