CHAPTER II. "Twank was the Thersites of Geebung Argives (the adjective is a word of Twank's own coinage). Of all that came under the walls of the Parliamentary Troy, there was no talker of 'epea akosma' to compare with Twank. You have not seen him; well, I may tell you that Venus would never have effected his floral metamorphosis into ' anemone ' as she did for Adonis on the score of his personal charms. Twank was decidedly not a beauty. In fact he would have made a capital little Mormo (you recollect the small nursery devil of the Greeks). But Twank was a wonderful fellow nevertheless. He was our ' man of letters.' He could tell you off upon his fingers the names of all Jason's crew in the voyage to Colchis, not excepting the cook and the cabin-boy ; could give you the plot and structure of every piece of comedy from Aristophanes down to Tom Taylor ; could talk to you of the Spanish drama like the ghost of Lope de Vega ; and was as thoroughly 'up to trap' (to borrow, a familiar expression of Twank's) in modern European life as the Marquis de Foudras or Paul de Kock. Well Twank had a sort of Damon and Pythias friendship for a fast youth whom Twank called Tiptop. Tiptop and Twank were the dioscuri, but as there were no Lacedæmonians, Castor and Pollux had to celebrate their own festivals. Tiptop at that time believed Twank to be a kind of half-way man between Socrates and Albert Smith. Twank, who was never fond of praising anybody, had great expectations of a future for Tiptop. So you perceive there was Faith for Tiptop, Hope for Twank, and I think they divided the third cardinal virtue between them. It chanced that Tiptop, who to say the truth, had no more love for what is called 'public life' than Mercutio had for French phrases, was about this time in a very unex- pected and amusing way returned to our local Comitia. Of course Tiptop had not reached the legitimum tempus--was not of the consular age. As I think I told you before, Tiptop was a mere youth. People laughed. Tiptop tried solem- nity; found it would'nt answer: laughed him- self, and made friends. The news of Tiptop's luck reaches Twank in a remote country town, where he had exiled himself, and falls upon his ears as soft and grateful as the religious sweetness of the Adeste Fideles used to do in old Christmas times, when Twank was a good Catholic, which is a very different thing from being a political one--a novel form of Christianity which you will hear Twank subsequently adopted without success. Straightway Twank resolves to join Tiptop at the very earliest opportunity, and soon after Twank is returned without opposition, comes to the Comitia, embraces Tiptop, avec beaucoup d'effusion, and takes his seat. Thenceforth Twank and Tiptop become Parliamentary men, usually spoken of together and face- tiously alluded to as a stellar duet by the synonyme of 'The Gemini.' If you are partial to a kind of literature which some men find amusing, by the same kind of abnormal taste which justified Horace Walpole's enjoy- ment De Libri d'Andrea de Lorenzo Cavalcanti, and will consult the Tomes endorsed 'Votes and Proceedings,' you will find Tiptop and Twank always dividing together, which means, although the phrase doesn't sound so, that the two youths acted in concert. When Twank spoke to the Comitia, and as poor little Twank always used to say, 'to the country,' Tiptop de- murely did what the theatrical people call the 'business;' looked astounded, and startled his neighbour by some such extravagant eulogium of the oratory of his friend as Dean Milman's opening line in his Oxford Prize Poem— Heard ye the arrow hurtle in the sky ? When Tiptop spoke and Twank followed him the 'Comitia' was invariably furnished by Twank with a favourable criticism upon Tip- top ;—until, I believe the venerable body were rather tired of both youths, and were at any moment prepared to vote retiring allowances of an ample character to Tiptop and Twank for the rest of their lives, which—considering that both of the boys were being rapidly consumed by the fire of genius, and that in Twank's case the fuel was by no means equal to the flame—would not in all probability have been an extravagant or undesirable appropriation of a portion of the consolidated revenue. " Then Twank and friend were voted bores," interrupted Vernon; " is it so?" " Well, not exactly," replied the host; "but they were looked upon as young gentlemen who apparently knew a great deal more of each other than the world could find out. You know the story of the skeleton they found in Rome in the catacombs of Priscilla, some 50 years ago. The emblems on the tomb were of the ordinary kind, but there was an in- scription the beginning and end of which were wanting--lumena pax tecum fi—. Nobody could understand it. Well, a smart fellow sug- gests—and to suggest in such matters is to es- tablish—that the inscription should be placed in a circular form, which would give Filumena pax tecum. The lady was canonised under the title of St. Philomena, and the smart man rewarded." "The moral is, I suppose," observed Jack, "that Twank and Tiptop were constantly startling the world with Philomenas.'' "Precisely. And tho joke was, that, with one or two exceptions, the Comitia were never quite satisfied that the young gentlemen had any strong faith in their own discoveries." (To be continued next week.) 