METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. From the Liverpool Albion.) LONDON, Saturday evening, June 23. The proprietors of Doctor Locock's pullman it waters much to be in a condition to contribute lately to instalment of income-tax after the brass trumpet blowing, wry-necked life playing and throat Ztching hurrahing of all sorts that have resounded throughout the bills of mortality to-day. For like season so too ought all ear-cloctors, considering he drumming the public tympanum has been sub- iPded to a perfect tattoo and eternal rat- tail going on frew daybreak to sunset. And so likewise should Mr Eisenberg and the corps of chiropodists, or corn cutters, in consequence of the unprecedented peram- bulations of cockneys and country cousins all over the metropolitan pavements, from one extremity of the capital to the other, to behold what the grandfather of the oldest inhabitant never beheld the like of, I the Tlunteers saluting V.R. and snubbing j L N.B. The latter truth-loving individual must I think that the veracious Reuter is hoaxing him as that i wily Teuton Israelite hoaxes so many millions of man- kind all over Europe every day of his and their lives for the Emperor never can believe the telegram de fending to-days gathering, even though the dispatch be previously read by Petsigny, and professionally revised by the full-rigged French general officer on the ground. This has undoubtedly been a great day for England," and nearly all England seems to have flowed into London, from the man in the Eddy- stone Lighthouse to Mr. John Groat. The only thing to be regretted is that its significance wasn't doubled by the date being the 18th of June instead of the 23rd. Still, as the latter is anniversary of Solferino, our august and affectionate annexing ally may deem the selection a touching tribute to the entente cordiale; and probably he will mark his sense of the compli- ment by sending over a few crosses and ribbons of the order of St. Helena to the British colonies of the spontaneous cohorts whose shouts to day were as stimulating as ten years' application of unlimited Cayenne and all other sequences of a paternal government of universal votes and bayonets. The Queen is said to have been greatly affected by the inspiring spectacle. Well she might be. No man of woman born, much less a bond woman her self, least of all the feminine sovereign of free men, could look upon it unmoved. It was a sight that embodied the sentiment of Burke touching Maria Theresa and the swords of her chivalrous Hungarians leaping from their scabbards at the voice of their King-Queen. True, our swords havn't leaped yet ; but they are on the point of so doing the moment we tee which way the cat, meaning the tiger-monkey over the water, is going to jump. Perhaps he won't jump at all now ; but will try to do a little in the creep mousy line, purring on the domestic hearth, and confining his tortoiseshell tricks to the mesmer- sizing of Cobden, persuading the Unadorned that Adam Smith was a jackass, and that the first principle of political economy is to buy in the dearest market and sell in the cheapest, and to pay a handsome bonus to get your goods taken for nothing in case your customer should be reluctant to accept them gratuitously. The prime element in the day's doings, the weather, was everything that it ought to be and had the ghost of Murphy, the lucky almanack man, been directing spirit of thermometer and barometer the atmosphere couldn't be more precisely to the purpose flowering and cool, no rain and little sun ; putting umbrellas in all prudent hands, but driving the use of them out of the holders heads. Not umbrellas in the volunteers' hands, surely P. Mars and Bellona forbid ! No Eglington Tournament nonsense of that sort burlesqued the seriousness of the occasion. It may not have appeared particularly warlike that some of the soldiery proceeded to the field in omnibuses s for those vehicles do not vividly recall the war-chariots of that strong-minded female, Boadicea, who dealt a heavy blow and great discomfiture on certain other invaders some time ago. But, on the whole, everything wore a genuine unmistakable military aspect, and those who came to sneer remained to praise. There was nothing tawdry, gimcrack, or theatrical ; all was real and to the purpose. Full 30,000 men marched up Constitution Hill, and then marched down again ; but, unlike the celebrated promenade of the French King's 30,000, the result has not been barren. The Hill at least, meaning the Constitution, is considerably better and if there is no doubt on that head, let anybody ask what would be the reception at this minute of Peterloo Palmerston's proposition concerning a Conspiracy Bill, and the indictment of Simon Barnard for a hypothetical new-fangled offence undreamt of by Blackstone The men took two hours to march past the Queen, and their march was marvellous for precision and solidity, considering that a few months ago not one of them could make a step without putting his foot in it. At least one-third marched as well as English or German troops ; the rest fully as well as French or Belgians, loosely, but in good time, and it was a draw- back they had no music to keep time to, for the regimental bands didn't play the while, only the Queen's (Guards) at the royal stand. It is impossible to say which carried off the prize of popularity, so many had their special admirers for special reasons. One light cavalry corps, however, the Duke of Manchester's [Mandeville once found favour with the Lancashire witches, though they couldn't make a Liverpool M.P. of him], were the observed of all observers ; red hunting shirts, rifle slung behind, top-boots, splendid cattle they would have done for a grand scene in the circle in Fra Diavolo on horseback, at Astley's. The Six Feet Corps also shone out superbly and must have filled these little French fiddlers antiquarian, the Orphan- late, now over here to cater wal at the Crystal Palace next week', with amazement for they seemed veritable Titans, as if each could swallow a brace of frog-eaters at a gulp without attaining. The Artillery Company, 1000 strong, figured equal to regular grenadiers of the ' line, and well maintained the repute of the Train j Bands, so fit to do battle for their municipal privileges alike against Rupert's Cavaliers and the Ironsides of Nell. Next, perhaps, should be particularised the National Rifles, with the Duke of Wellington, in his garter ribbon, at their head, and looking astoundingly like the paternal ferruginous F.M. But, black, only looking like and therein lies the mockery of the whole pageant for as well have painted toy soldiers as mere legs and arms, however numerous, and however well drilled, to move like a Birmingham pipemaking machine or an Austrian brigade, if there be not brain and where is that ? Echo answers no where. However, sufficient for the festive day is the gala generalship thereof. Even Uncle Leopold, who has seen some stirring things of this sort in his time, is reported to have pronounced the performance excellent, and he has too much at stake in the fact to indulge in complimentary fiction even to please his niece, whom the truth alone pleases, as her Prime Minister can bear uncomfortable witness. Some awkward mishaps there certainly did take place, such as the unhorsing of General Peel, just as the Queen was starting; the fall occurring not far from the spot where his brother, Sir Robert, met his death from a similar cause this time ten years. Happily the accident was not serious, though the rumble was a heavy one the General being some sixteen stone weight, and about as agile as a sack of potatoes. Another not particularly imposing item was poor old antediluvian Combermere, holding his marshal's baton, perched like a mummy in the saddle, and finding it so difficult to keep there that his horse had to be led at a funeral pace by a groom in the royal livery. Nevertheless, though the spectre was not "imposing" in one sense, it was a downright imposture in another. For anyone not knowing who he was not aware that his bushy whiskers and crispy moustache owed their jet black to the same source as his copious wig, and seeing him frogged and braided and faced and braced, like a juvenile acrobat, would never imagine, and couldn't credit when told, that he is getting on for one hundred years of age, having sometime ago turned ninety j so that that other fossilized dandy, Lyndhurst, who also makes a daily two hours' Brummelised toilette as if he were five-and-twenty, is a mere strip- ling beside him. Combermere was one of the most prominent figures of the day ; but it had been in better taste were he conspicuous from his absence for though he has done a daring thing or two in his time, in history doesn't exactly abound in reminiscences desirable to be dwelt upon at so inspiring a moment as the present, and that last black business ofDyce sombre can never be whitewashed. Conspicuous from his presence, and long before any other notability appeared, two full hours in advance of a aT' was the Commander-in-Chief, the Duke of Cambridge, as fussy arid bustling as an the way of the Wellington funeral; galloping here, and <jBBfling there, and coveting about everywhere, like a demented capricorn. It was thought the advice he received after Inkermann, as to keeping himself cool is endeavouring to retain his wits about him the? desired effect; but it would seem not for his head still appears to outrun his discretion and it isn't comfortable to contemplate such exuberant common is sewers that contingency to arise against which is 58 NW are a practical protest. In contrast to this, the Prince of Wales was very self-possessed. 22 had a go""! deal to try his youthful nerves co rOUSh £1 eternal Saluting with Ewe and erect vivacity and equanimity, the whole day long. as I? i f*6'« he Wife the Cresseyfield blue ribbon, too But his steed perhaps quite as well on the Black Prince mayhap better, for there was no Rarey then ] to make a Bucephalus, that, is a Cruiser, as docile as, aDncrow pony, whom nothing could frighten from his oats, not even a Regent-street t tailor as a drum major, though that is an apparition that would make any horse with the least humour laugh like a hyena, <r like Mrs. Wilkins, in the "Wtcljvv Greensea much more cachinatory creature. I When her Majesty first came on the ground she, j didn't seem in very good humour. Something appeared to have discomfited her. The dancing at the ball the night before may have fatigued her. Perhaps the Consort, having precipitated his two o'clock lunch for the first time in his life, was rather inconvenienced, and didn't mind showing it, as even royal husbands, particularly when turned forty, sometimes will. Be this as it may the cloud soon passed off Britannia's brow, and radiant smiles and indications of deep and pleasurable emotion surcharged the monarchial visage to the close. She often turned to Leopold, wearing his British Field-Marshal attire, at her elbow in the carriage, as the men moved by, and evidently asked that knowing individual if he didn't think that were there to be another Waterloo there would be another cry of sauve qui peut from the same quarter as before ? What Uncle said there is no saying ; but he certainly looked in a fashion that the nephew of a certain other uncle wouldn't much relish to see and if he did see it he would think of Antwerp and a few other places in a mode that I might cause Leopold to think more of Claremont and his old lodgings in Pall-mall than he probably does at J present. The Queen drove twice along the line ; then I the regiments moved past, in lines of thirty; then I advanced in one long line of a mile and a half to pre- tent arms ; and finally cheered uproariously, which I indeed they did on all possible occasions all day long, and are probably doing ditto all night long too. When the whole body had filed off, Lord Alfred Paget, brown as a bottle of sparkling Burgundy and nearly as effervescent, showed her Majesty a photograph of the panorama, taken by an artist at the top of the principal stand and though used to these pictorial coups he soleil, she expressed much surprise at its comprehensive fidelity and speedy execution. The only Ministers in the royal carriages were long Sydney Herbert and short Lord de Grey there- in their official capacity to inspect the volunteers. The orders of admission from the latter functionary are said to have been forged in hundreds, and were for sale at three guineas last night. How true this is remains to be seen ; but certainly scores of persons were within the privileged space who had no business to be there and scores of scores who had business could not get in for love or money, both these appliances being made use of on a surprising scale. All this part of the affair was wretchedly managed ; the higgledy-piggledy genius of Balaclava proving as usual the lord of misrule. The programmes were quite useless, it was so difficult to perceive distinctive shades of difference in the uniforms at a little distance. The plainest uniform was one that might have been expected to be most glaring, consider- ing the wearer's prominence in the movement-that of Lord Elcho ; simple gray, without a particle of ornament. A distinguished figure in the front rank of the Irish was the bearded cross-bearer of the Cardinal, namely- Bowyer, and whose Knight of Malta vow of celibacy and continent it is to be hoped isn't eternally binding for it would be grievous that there should be no picturesque little B's to perpetuate the ancient and affluent British baronetcy of which he is the heir. One would give something to know what he thought of the Hibernian Brigade to-day as compared with the Paddy whack in Italia detachments to the Pope, and on which Lamoriciere's report is looked for with some curiosity. Perhaps Leopold's son, who was present to-day, the Count de Flanders, a zealous ultramontane, may communicate his opinion to Rome, and considering who is his father. Mother Church may not turn a deaf ear to his filial admonitions. 