JAPAN AND THE JAPANESE. TUE. Japanese archipelago and ifs inhabitants are attracting much attention in England. The opening up of a country of greater extent than the British isle3, and much larger population, cannot fail to exert a beneficial influence on British trade. Dr. Macgowan, Medical Mis- sionary, from Ningpo, delivered a series of in- structive and interesting lectures on Japan re- cently in London. Tho lecturer stated that his visit to Japan was in a non-official capacity, and that, the suspicions of the natives being thus disarmed, be became possessed of great facili- ties for acquiring correct information respect- ing them and their customs, those facilities being multiplied by his connection with a guild of seventy interpreters at Nagasaki, to whom he imparted instruction in the English lan- guage. He described the Japanese Archipelago, which consisted of not fewer than 3800 islands, there being, however, four principal ones, and their chief physical phenomena, as, the gulf-stream which rose in the Chinese sea, and imparted a warmth to the climate of tho coun- try,-the volcanoes, there being no part of the world in which these wore so numerous and ac- tive as in Japan, one of them being not less than 17,000 feet in height,-the earthquakes and consequent fires, which were so numerous that the native builders were wont to have houses ready made in case of the recurrence of such catastrophes,-the flow of three (and even more tides) in a day, whichho thought mightbe ac- counted for by the oscasional upheavals of the submarine crust of the earth in consequence of the action of the earthquakes, &a.; He enlarged on " the geology of tho islands, gold, copper, lead, and coal being plentiful ; their botany, the most im- portant tree being tho mulberry, the bark of which wa3 converted into paper, that again ' be- ing made with great skill into all sorts of useful . and ornamental articles, as overcoats, twine, parasols, &a.; ; and their zoology, the chief wild animals being monkeys, wolves, foxes, and hares, and the principal domestic animals being horses and cxen, the latter being exceedingly uselul, in transporting merchandise, tl)ero being no cunáis. The fox was accounted to be a "scini divine" nnimal, and, os it was supposed it " possessed" people and exerted a disastrous in- fluence on events, sacrifices were made to it. As to the poultry, the Japanese had a method of torturing them, that they might havo shapes of tho most grotesquo curiousness ; this habit, indeed, they carried to un astonishing length, oven as to their plants, which they made to as sumo the form of birds and other animals, and thoy wcro also fond of dwarfing them.. They wero clever in making sham animals, some of the most npproved mermen and mermaids being of Japanese manufacture, and one nondescript which ho (Dr. Macgowan) saw at Na- gasaki nnd dared to denounco as a fabrication, being made of ' a bat nnd a monkey, -which were joined together so elaborately that it was impossible to discover wliero tho bat began and tho monkey ended, nnd which possessed the strange substitution of an eagle's claws for the monkey's feet ! Tho lecturer then described tho inhabitants, ethno graphically considered, and their customs, such ns, the strnnge fashion indulged in by thc ladies there of shaving their eyebrows nnd blocking their teeth ofter marriage,-their headdress, which consisted chic fly of a number of hairpins most repulsively arranged, and presenting the appeurnnce ol a porcupino with quills creel-, and tho exceedingly economical size of their dresses, which, however, was made up to reple- tion in longitude ! The habits of the Japanese might bo described as utter contrarieties, when compared with those of English people ; us in- stances, a Japaneso carpenter pinned his wood toward himself, and a tailor would also stitch toward himself, and, instead of putling hi9 " goose'' into tho fire, would put thc fire into tho " goose ;" a Japaneso would say "Smith Mr." and Brown John" nnd not " Mr. Smith" and " John Brown," and, in- stead of bestowing titles of honour on tho de- scendants of a man of worth, he would bestow them on his ancestors. Their cosmogony was interesting, being somewhat related to that of the Chinese ; chaos took the form of an egg, tho thinner part of which floated upward and formed into tho sky, and the grosser pnrt be- came earth ; a tree then sprang into being, nnd it gave birth to the proto-parent, a woman, who j was reckoned to have been divino in her nature, and of whom the present Spiritual Emperor is the 12GT1I descendant in a diroct linc. Thc Spiritual Emperor was a kind of pontifcx maximus, and kept solely to hts spiritual duties, and hence, there was a double sort of govern- ment, spiritual and temporal, the Spiritual Emperor being so de jure, and tho Temporal Emperor being so dejado and a kind of effigy in the State, mattors teing controlled by a council of thirteen. There wore two systems of religion in Japan -tho Tsin-tu, or simplo worship of nature ; and Buddhism, having its nunneries, celibacy, self-torture, imagc- worahip, rosaries, holy witter, relics, Ac. He spoko of. thc prospects of intro- ducing Christianity into J. pan.'ond said-that the timo' cou!d not be far distant when tho people of that notion would gladly embrace it, and that all preparative means should bo ndoptcd by tho friends of Missions. Ile ex- hibited a largo number of Japanese curiosities, including a rosary of stone beads worn by the high priests, a shrino representing tho " Queen of Heaven," a newspaper published by himself in the. Japanese language, specimens of the now almost obsolete sort of feather working, musical instruments, lanterns used to drive nway tho ghosts, woodon pillows, bamboo shaving-brushes, horologes indicating the time according to the Japanese method of reckoning i", viz., by tho longth of daylight, and net in hours of equal length, &c.; Dr. Macgowan's Chinese assistant intoned an ode composed by him in his nativo language, descriptive of his feelings on visiting Buckingham Palace. It ia enid that Mrs. Ii , a lady residing in London, who ia a great believer in «pirita and their communies, tions, lately received a message from ber daughter, who died about a year since, begging her not to grieve any mire for her, as she was now perfectly, happy, and was just married to Edward the Black Prince. 