pickings frnm AM OS THE CABDS. 1800\. March 31—Tlie Prtsi newspaper announces that the Emperor of the French is bent on a new piece is otritrinir trs nhftiil tlia <*aocinn e\f of annexation, and is striving to obtain the cession of the county of Landau, which belongs to Bavaria, under the treaty of November, 1815. April 2—The Morning Post declares that the story is a canard, April 3—The Morning' Chronicle declares that the Emperor would not have Landau if it were offered him. April 6—The Spectator alleges that there is nosucb place as Landau. April 14—The Saturday Beetew refus e to believe that there is anything in the strry, because the Press asserts it, but considers the Emperor capable of any thing. April 16—The Morning Adoertiser raher hastily asserts, on the authority of the postscript to an invoice of some Bavarian beer, that the Emjeror has annexed the whole of Bavaria, which it describes as in Pr issit. April 23—Mr. Kinglake asks the Foreign Secretary whether he has heard anything of the rurno.r, and is desired to ask on auother night. A rii 24 —Mr. Kinglake repeats his question, and is told by Lord John Bussell that snch questions ought not to be asked. April 23—Mr. Kinglake renews his question, and is joked at by Lord Palmerston, who says he thinks it highly probable that the Emperor has oi tiered a landau to be bnilt for him in Long Acre. April 3D—The Times correspondent happens to have jusr visited Landau, and there appears a graphic de scription of it, and of Vaubatt's celebrated fortress, with its 8 cur'ains, 7 bulwarks, 3 redoubts, 7 lunettes, 1 fort, 3 whole and 2 half bastions, and broad moats. A sketch of its history is also given, and an account of .ts manufactures of calico, woollens, firearms, cooper, and vinegar. The Advertiser's notion that Landau is in Prussia is rectified by meution that it is in Rhenish Bavaria. Mayl—Thus instructed, several members of the House of Commons give notice of questions on the subject. Slay 3—"Sir Robert Peel makes a speech against the Emperor, and quotes a good deal of French. He demands whether lei on parte Francois is to be affixed on every country in Europe. May 4—Lord Jonn Russell requests that all the ques tions may be postponed until the next Friday. May 11—Mr. Kinglake reminds His Lordship of the date, and is told that he shall have a reply on Monday. M J 14—Lord John Russell states that he has re ceived a despatch from Lord Cowley, who makes no mention whatever of any imperial intention on the subject. May 18—Mr. Disraeli, on the motion that the House on its rising do adjourn to Monday, makes a speech, setting forth his perfect conviction that Lord John is juggiing and pott ring with the subject, and intends to betray Bavaria. He designates the. Ministry as cartographic regenerators. Lord John, in reply, de feuds his entire foreign policy, and deprecates offensive language towardB an ally. May 19—The Morning Advertiser annonnces that at Ihe Privy Council ou the preceding day Lord Palmer ston had read a secret despat.-h. stating that the King of Bavaria was going to abdicate in favour of the Count de Morny. I May 22—'The Morning Chronicle, shows that Landau | lif.ving once belonged to France, ought always to be long to her. May 24—The Morning Pott states that all the inhabi tants of Landau, except two, are eager to be annexed to France. ' May 26—The Spectator contends, that as Vanban was a French engineer, his works b Jong of right to his own country. May 28—Mr. Kinglake gives noice of motion that it is inexpedient that any landmark of Europe be further disturbed. Lord Palmer-ton makes an excellent joke about Landmark and Landau, and hopes the mo- j tion will not he pressed. Mr. Kinglake intimates that he will see about it. May 29—Mr. lunch invents a masterly cartoon, settiug out the whole questiou in the spirit of th: severest satire, mingled with tlte richest humour, bat it is evidently unfair to expect him to describe it here.— Office. £5. Fleet-street. May 30—The French correspondent of the Times gives a significant paragraph about the Minister of War having complained to ihe Emperor that the pro vince of RasRliein was in perpetual danger of invasion on its northern 'rontier. Consols drop :rom 9If to 91J 3 'June 2-The Times s'at»s that the Emperor intends a certain further annexation, ou the German side of France, and calls on the Ministers to remember they are Englishmen. Jui e 3—Lord Cowley reading this, calls on M. Thouvenel. who declines from religious convictions to talk ahcut anything except the opera, the day being Sunday. June 4—Lord Cowley ca'.ls again, and M. Thouvenel is ont. June 5 —Lord Cowley calls again, and M, Thouvenel i* invisible. having got a bad cold (rhume). •Tunc G -Lord Gowley calls again, and M. Tbouvenel is gone t j see his little boy at EtmeuenviUe. June 7—Lord Cowley evils &ga;:n. and M.Tboavenel has gone to adjudge the prize of virtue at Meaux. June S - Lord Cowley calls again, and M. Thouvenel is particularly engaged with a gentleman from Munich. June 9—Lord Cowley writes to Lord John Russell, that he thinks there is a *crcw loose. Lord John in* stantly telegraphs to His Lordship to lighten it. June 11—The Timts announces that Land&uhas; been annexed to France. June 11—To . a dozen questious in the House, the Ministers reply that they have had no such informs ti n, and that newspapers are not t> be depended upon, June 12 -The Sfoniteur announces that by the felici tous annexation of Landau, the last trace of Waterloo h 48 b en effaced from tbe map. June 13—The Jforninj Adcertiserl'ilzeTts tbe Emperor to the wicked Grecian tyrant, Caiigula June 14- Lord John Russell reads to the House, amid loud cheers, a capital despatch which he sent through I/Ord Cowley on reading the Timts of the 30th, but regrets to state that his remonstrances have doue no good, and he uobly denounces fraud and treachery, especially in sovereigns. June 15-The De ats S3ys that Lord John Russell's miserable insular instincts prevent his appreci&iing; tbe grander conceptions of those who work in tbe interest of humanity. June 1G The Charivari exceeds, if possible, its habitual stupidity, in a dialogue between Sir Peel and LordGSst'st-ne, June 18—(Anniversary of Waterloo J Mr. Stanford and Mr. Wyld, (M.P.) publish maps in which Landau is once more part of France. LETTER. TO THE CARDINAL'S CROSS-BEARER. Fieet-s*reet. Easter eve. My Dear Bowyer—You have written to the papers in order to take one rather good joke out of the very funny documents just promulgated by our most holy master. Pius «X, Y«-u say tint the signature ** Apos tolical Curser" i-hould be 41 Apostolical Cursor," and that Serafino is a kind of teraphic bailiff. 1 think you might as well have left the correction alone. Why spoil a laugh? But there is one thing in the excommunication which I should lite you to explain if you can. because it seems to me that our moLt holy master ha« been vic timized by some of the Irish priests about him. Look hero, my dear Crosvbearcr. O^rboly, &e.;, says that tbe people he excunmuni cafes, whom I take, my dear Bowyer, to be about every I rational person in Europe (except yourself, of course), | cannot be released or absolved of these censures by any one except ourselves or tbe Romish pontiff then reigning, except at the moment of death, but not in the ! event of their rcc ►very. What does the holy old boy moan, my dear George ? I need hirdly point out, even to you, that people who have readied the momeut of death do not usually re- , cover. It was in Ireland that the man dropped down dead and instantly expired, and I cannot help thinking 1 that a Hibenran bull has been fraternizing with the ; bull ot cxc> mmunic^tion. Has Infallibility been ■ putting its foot into it, &T.d; writing deplorable non sense ; or is it a joke to keep up the spirits of the [ faithful ? Write to me, my Bowyer, and tell Yours devotedly, George Bowyer, Esq.. M.P. Pcases. A TRAP TO CATCH LANDLADIES. Landlady—I beg t» tell you, Sir, that you are out of gin (produces empty botrie). Tenant—Impossible ; hut stop, I'll see. (Goes into bedroom, and returns with a full bottle.) I thought you wvie wrong. I mu«t te'l you I got these two bott'es at t' c same time. The bottle you hold in your hand I pnt in the cupboard for your special consumption — the bottle I have here 1 have kept under lcck and key iu the other room for rav own private us?. The truth is. you drink much faster than I do Where your bottle U empty, you seelhit mine is scarcely touched. You must excuse ine;it is not I that is out of gin, but rather yourself. £Thc landlady is most virtuously indignant, but evi dently guilty.j AN OLD RHYME, WITH A NEW REASON. Annexation is vexition, Division i* as bad; Thy rule, Louis, it bothers me. Thy practice drives me mad. "THE PRETTIEST LITTLE BABY IN THE WORLD." Tho only one point upon which the female sex Is ewr unanimous—the baby in every c-se bciug, of course, tbe lady's own. LATEST FROM ITALY. The Pope having excommunicated Victor Emmanuel, it is confidently stated that His Italian Majesty will take the ball by the horns. THE KOOKEES AND THE COOKIES. A correspond' nt of tbe CalcuttaKaqlishaian describes a recent raid attended with violeuce by a tribe called the Kookces. According to this story, wh'cli we believe to be no lie, the Ko >kees who reside in India are even worst pest? to society than the "Coo'rieF" hero in England, who have long been fairly ranked among the greatest pi 'gues of life. In both the tribes, however, there are strong points of resemblance, which the weakest mpntal eyes may speedily spy out The Cookies have propensities and passions like the Kooktes, and were a g/hFcnologi-t to take a head in each hand, we fancy he wvu'd find a simila ity of bumps. The organ of destructivcue?s is fully as much developed in the Cookies as the Kookees, as our weekly list of breakages is quite enough to prove; and were fur.her instance needtd, it would be enough to uote what rOGtfng fires they make, and how they vent their passion lor destruction on our c->als. Nor has the hutnp of cruelty less prominence with them than their foreign name sakes. Although our Cookies may not venture upon such a sudden massacre as ilmt above described, they keep killing us by inches with their cruelly bad cookery, which wc feel convinced will sooner or later be the death of us. Every dinner we sit down to we fancy we detect some fell design on our existence, and though tbe poisoning may be slow, we cannot doubt that it will be Mire in its inevitable result. The cruelties indeed which are practised by the Cookie* are more abominable than those wo have narrated of the Kookees, inasmuch as tliey are more protracted in their torture, and are wrought at the expeuse of those whom they afflict. We pay our Cookies well that they may minister to our comfort*, yet while they lire upon our wages they torment us. and tempt us to commit suicide, if they don't kill ub outright The agonies we suffer from a diet of raw beef and underdone potatoes very ofrcn make us wish that we were dead, and in tbe madness of dyspepsia produced by a bad dinner we almost feel insane enough to jump into the Thames. Moreover, in respect of their plundering propensities, it must be owned the Cookies bear marked likeness to the Kookees. Where our dripping goes is a question which the Black Doll, could it rpcak, might answer; and at shops where '* the best price is given for all kitchen-stuff," we might guess the destination of those pounds and pounds of candles which we weekly have to pay for, but strongly doubt if we consume. We have heard it hinted that our residence is haunted, and who it is that walk* off with our many legs of mutton we must confess that we have, not the ghost of an idea; although, from information vj have recently received, we feel somewhat disposed to conple their removal with the advent of a nightly apparition in our area, bearing likeness to a member of our vigilant police: Further proof, moreover, that the Cookies are as prone to plunder as the Kookees may to any thoughtful mind bo furnished by the' fact tliat the shadow of a soldier has, nbout the hour ot supper, been seen upon oar kitchen blind, which was in cautiously drawn down without the shutters being closed. The posture then revealed left no doubt that his substance was then quartered on our larder, and that at our cost he was making a by no means shadowy repast. Mereovcr, when the warrior wSs observed to leave the premises, it was noticed that the fine proportions of his fignre in® great measure were spoilt by the projection of his pockets—whence the inference atas drawn Quit- bis v gits to our Cookie were rewarded ,-ig- soma few eS. «h£t she calls her " pack wiiife." THE NEW RUSSELL SIX-POUNDEtt. W« Jive in days of wonders, both social and mecaa Of fabulous projectiles, of forces quite Titanical,., Of Lancaster and Armstrong guns, and Whitwortn a next,oat-topping them; mv. Till soon, it seems, our siiots will fly so far therell Dfl n stopping them. Inspired by the ambition to rival these inventors, ( Lo, next, on the arena, my Lord John Rnssell enters. And ancient limitations discarding as conjectural, Brings forward his six-pounder—the new long-range electoral. As Lancaster on early inventors made improvement, And Armstrong far past Lancaster has urged projectile movement; While Whitworth with his short-pitched screw, true piane, and haips-breodtb gauges, To throw a shot two miles for one of Armstrong's now engages— So in onr franchise-cannons we have witnessed the ex tension Of range, from time to time since Grey's first effort of invention, When Lord John, then powder monkey, being small and made some fun of, By way of compensation was allowed to let the gnu off. But since the day that he fired off Lord Grey's Reform ten-ponnder. Lord John of liis own trumpet has been unwearied sounder— And from having fired the gnn—(which he did,hut 1 half repented it)— Has talked on all occasions as if he had invented it. Till now, determined to on.do all that's heen since pro jected— From that five-harrelled gnn, of which the Chartists much expected (And the terror of whose bursting made forty-eight so nervous), I Down to Locke King's ten-pounder, devised for county service, And that very ill-planned weapon, Dizzy's late 1en pound brass cannon, Which the verdict of the nation has placed decisive ban on. Whose recoil, upon first firing, not only broke the lim bers. But floored the firing party, and shivered Dizzy's tim bers— Determined to outdo all these, and make himself im mortal, Lord John at length wheels his new gnn through Pembroke Lodge's porta]. It isn't more imposing in dimensions than its maker. And lo.iksharmless as the wooden gun, which Jack-tars call a "qnaker." But "FrontinuUa fide?' is as true of g*ns as persons; And reasons m ty be given (and tolerably terse 'una), ! Why Russell's new six-pounder—though its powers np- j pear so trifling— May go farther than we dream of, 'tis so well devised | for rifting. The propelling power's enormous, Ihongh the charge is but a tight one, Not a grain of force is wasted, the projectile's such a tight one; As for the cost of practice, that Lord John declares be'il not mind; But it isn't those who fire it first will have to pay "the shot, mind. Ferbaps the nev nix-pounder upon its present trial. Mayn't go the lengths some say it will, in teeth of all denial; But use it a few years, and (unless in. use it cricVd ib), I'm very much mistaken if it don't make startling practice. Then we may see it sending its holt beyond the lind marks That now boned England's practice ground, bnt will then be razed like Kandmarke, Till far past e'en the lar-off post inscribed with " House hold Suffrage," The shot still on and onwards speeds its ricochctting rough rage, To where a dreary tract, rude as a backwood clearing, The Universal Suffrage pole its rough-hewn arms is rearing; And there the shot may spend its force, and ere itself it bury, May work its last of mischief in what whalers call its " flurry." We may never see such practice .from this little gnn which Russell Has at last got in position by dint of tug and tussle. But others treadingin his track—though lords, they've nought to sty to— Will find a gun to reach the goal that his gun goes halfway to. EVIL EXCOMMUNICATIONS IMPROVE GOOD MANNERS. Should the Pope persist 111 driving his bull against Victor Em canuel there will be only this difference be tween him and Louis Napoleon—the one will be Mon sieur Communique and the other Monsieur Excom ju unique. VIOLETS FOR VOLUNTEERS. Exposed for sale in a window the other day, we ob served a scent bottle, labelled *■ Rifle Corps Bouquet." Surely the odour of this compound can be uo other than the smell of gunpowder. REFUGEES AND RAGS. What tyrants, do you, wanting gags For Britain's Press, deny us rags. In orderthat you may,by dint Of paper famine, check our print? Hags—ponder your resources well— You surely have enough to sell; For rags your policy creates, Chief produce of misgoverned states. Your rags, you'll own, with grins and shrugs, In your home market mu-t be drugs. Your slaves, debarred from use of type. Need paper but to light a pipe. Pursue, impoverishing your states, The policy which rags creates; Increase your hosts, your trade restrain, And beggar those o'er whom yon reign. The time will come when discontent Will overthrow your government; Of subjects when your ragged rout Will rise, rebel, and kick you out. Then, if your rags o'.d England lacks, I You'll come and bring them on your backs; Yourselves and rags you'll hther bear, | And. bundle all to Leicester-square. i THE SUFFRAGE AND THE SUPPLIES. If taxation without representation is tyranny, what else is representation without taxation? Democracy is as broad aa despotism is long. VERY EVIDENT. A discerning friend of ours told us a short time hack that in Iiis opinion there was nctbing like humbug in this world. This may or may not be the case. One thing, however, is pretty certain; if there is nothing like it, there is, at any rate, a great deal of the original article itself A FAIR EXCUSE. j Our fair cousin Fanny (we dare not give her sur naui'), says she really is surprised at the ridiculous complaints which men keep making about crinoline; for of course they must admit that the widest of wide petticoats cover but two leet. A Recent Negro Hunt in North Ame bic*.—The following illustration of the dt sperate hatred qf the negroes to.slavery, and of the readiness with which they are hanted lite wild toasts by the slave owning class, is from the Vevag News, published in Indiana, and evidently no friend to the oppressed:— "On Saturday night, November 12th. a negro man, the property of a gentleman of WcoJford County, Kentucky, encamped at a straw-yard on the farm of Mr. Sanuel Lo chman, in Carroll County, and to protect himself from the weather built a fire from the raila that sur rounded tbe straw-stack, leaving the premises as soon as tbe first streaks of dawn broke over the mountain tops. Mr. Leechman, t»n arising, discovered a smoke 1 up at the straw-stack, and went to ascertain the cause. On arriving at the spot he soon discovered that some one had spent the night there, and as snow had fallen he had no difficulty in tracing the footsteps of a mau. It readily occurred to kim that the tracks were those ol a runaway negro. He tracked him by the house of his neighbour (Mr, S. Craig), and Bering Mr.C. in the yard, informed him be was pursuing arunaway—would he not join him, to which Mr. Craig readily consented, after procuring arms, Ac. The trail wended ;its way thr-tugo the farm of Mr. Barrett, who also joined in pursuit. The traak from here led straight to the Ohio River; but the negro, b-ing hotly pursued, tu-aed back to the hills, hoping to clade his pursuera in the winding defiles of the Kentucky cliffs. This be nearly succeeded in doing by walking some distance in the bottom of a meandering stream; but, as all th-.ngs have an end, so did the stream have a beginning, at the source of which his tracks again became perceptible. Here, for the first lime, they discovered him standing on a high elevation above tliem, but be immediately disappeared over t oe hills. The track now being broad and plain, the puisuit was proportion ally rapid. From here the negro made directly for the Kentucky River, w th his wh te pursuers close on his heels. Arriving on the baok, he paused a moment, bnt seeing them coming up to seize Mm, he ran out on a log that projected into ibe river some 0 feet, and turned :.l b :y upon his enemies, exclaiming, * Gentlemen, I will not be taken alive. The first men" thateomCB out on this log after me will witness the ball pass through rrj own brain' (at ih: same time prestnting tbe muzzle of a pistol to bis bead). The party in pursuit was struck with the <l!tennincfi expression that his countenance seemed to manifest, and for a while paused to pari.y with him, but all to no i-ficct, however. Be repeated he would kill himself, if they attempted to come out after him. Two of the men* determined to test his vilou-, co.bed their piBtols, and comicehced walking the log towards him; bat their feet bad not more than touched the log when he pulled the trigger, and tell into the water. They immediately cangbt him ere he sank, and dragged him to the shoro. On examining the wound, they found that the ball had entered through the parietal bone, and ranged upward and ontward. During the examination he commenced breathing, laboriously at first, after a while more regularly, fiualiy opened his eyes, and expressed deep regret at his failure. He alii', sur vives. but can hardly be expected to recover." What Divebs Meet with Ujtder Water. —Wlicn the vessel has settled down in a sandy bottom, it is preserved for many months from breaking up; find its position may be much the name as it would be when floating in calm water, if it be not tilted over by any under-current drifts. The lUht, of course, depends a good deal upon the depth, and upon the nature of the bottom; hut where there is no chalk to give a milky thickness to the water, the direr pursues his work in a kind of gloomy twilight. By the aid of this he can see and feel his way round the aliip,.but when he as cends to the deck, and winds down into the principal cabins he finds everything pitch dark, and has nothing to guide hira bat his hands This is the most difficult, and yet the most frequent, labour he has to encounter; the danger being that in a Ia> ge \ essel, where the cabin stairs are ccep, aod the cabin* are long an 1 broad ho may get his air-tube twisted round some unfamilar projection*, and so squreza off his supply of life from above. In positrons Mich as this he requires all his nerve and self-possession, all his power of feeling his way back in the exact road that he carnc. He may have got the prec ous casket to which he has been di rected in Ills arms; but what of that if he die before he can find the stairs? The cold lielpess masses that barap against hie helmet as th y float along ibe low ro:f over his head, aie the decomposed corpses of those who were huddled togetherin the cabin when the ship went down. A few of the^e may be on the il-or unuer his feet, but only when pinned <1 »wu by an over turned table or & fallen chest. Their tendency is ever upwar.1, and the remorseless sea washes away the <ha *. infant from its dead mother's arms, the dead wife fircru her dear husband's embrace. If the wreck he in the Channel, the small crabs are already beginning to fatten on their prey. The diver disentangles himsel; from jMg silent crowd, and ascends the welcome stairs to the deck. The treasure he has rescued is hauled up into the attendant diving-boat, and he mriis again to renew his work. He seldom meets with an accident under water; never, perhaps, with death, and the chief risk he runs is from getting some heavy piece of ship lumber overturned on his long train of air-pipe. Even in this case he feels the sudden check and the want of air, gropes his way back to the obstruct ion, removes it. signals to his companions to be raised, and reaches tLe boat exhausted and alarmed, bnt not so much so as to - give up hi* place in the trade. His earnings mostly take the form of -shares in wliat he recovers.1 If fortu nate, his gains may be large; if unfortunate, tliey may be small; hut no man can grudg.*. him the highest prizes itis possible for him to win. May WhiUtable always, have the honour.of producing such bold and dexterous men as plentifully as she has hitherto done, and may they have the wisdom to keep what they set• —Diefc«w*# J.& tie Tear Be&td;* 