0CORRSPONDENCE. [W, are d.sour tinour columns should be regarded ao open to all parties,anowe are therefore willing to give Insertion to • t" oo"arlt otmrl. ' and intelligbly written letters on esnbeote of \- ,publo inlere,, evroen though thel opinionls advanced map be .dlametrlcall opposite to our own.] T[E MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. To oe Editor of the Goulburn Herald. S. S,-I sannot help observing with regret the dis position wlich exists amongst a certain class of per ,sons to roile, or treat with contempt, every colonial institutiol. Tho gibes and jeers against the repro. .sentotive of the people, in parliament assembled, are literallyworn threadbare, and consist of the same old futile wtempts at saentire. Of course, from the mild ooature of our Constitution, a shield of impunity .shelters these misdrable scribblers, who, under the .anak of an.assumed name, endeavour to drag every -institution'and every person down into the mire of -their.own dirty level. o,, ..?. ..,,,sy- oeme-lately, wO a, t ""t. Quul oburnite," has assisted to fill tilhe columns of your contemporary in last Wednesday's issue, with a sneering, spiteful diatribe against tile Goulburn mal -nicipal council, doubtless imagining it to be fashion able to abuse everything coloonial. He has so farox ceeded the bounds of moderation and truth as to as sail Alderman Sibley on the grounds of ioidolence and inattention to his municipal duties. "I believe that no pei'son, unbiassed in judgment, will agree in the correctness of such charges, for Alderman Sibley has been a most constant and at tentive member of the council, and has materially disregarded his own private interests to serve, to the utmost of his power, those of the Goulburn public. o Johnny-come-latoly ought to reflect that the .?unicipal council is yet in its infancy, that it has • been called into existence by the loudly expressed -desire of the people, and like other colonial institu ibons it requires time and growth to enable it to ·bring forth the much desired fruit. I think it a pity -that proprietors of papers should waste their space 'by the-admission into their columns of such splenetic and false assertions as those lately made in the 'Chronicle' by "a (self-styled) Goulburnite." That individual is evidently afflicted with the crcoelthes 'scri&endi;, and thinks himself capable of writing smartly, while the literary effusion to which I allude tis obviously but the ghost of borrowed or departed wit. Hoping that our munielpal. institutions may lourish and prove intrinsically valuable, I have the honour to be, Your obedient servant, '" 7 18FAIR' PLAY. Jell7' 1th;, 1860. 