THE TIMBARRA GOLD-FIELDS How long ago is it since we read or heard of these diggings. Have they become extinct, or are their trumpeters dead, or taken prisoners; or have they migrated to Kiandra, with peripatetic Andrew Kay ? Oh, no-but since that most impolitic measure of removing the Timbarra gold escort from the route, via Grafton, to the overland circuit by Jericho and Armidale ; these gold-fields have fallen into seeming oblivion amongst the diggings of this colony. Gold is still found, and more new ground prospected, but we have no reliable means of now obtaining approximate results of the ounces total at present washed out. These gold-fields, from their first discovery to this present date, have been sadly neglected and mis- managed. They have been constantly held in thrall-a kind of helot condition, to the inte- rests of Uralla and Armidale ; the Sydney Government have already seen unmistakeable symp- toms manifested, that the residents of Grafton, and soon the diggers of Timbarra, will not long quietly submit to be treated with disdain or held in unmerited contempt-and the district inhabitants expect nothing less at their hands. The time for talking is nearly past, the time for action is fast approaching. And only permit one question to be put - What have the Sydneyites or Sydney Government ever done for en- couraging the advancement of the Timbarra Gold fields ? We shall await one month for any answer. If put to the test, or subjected to examination, like the ghost of Hamlet's father-we could " a tale unfold," would rather surprise the public curiosity, who often, after all that is said about the intellectuality of the people, know about as much of the Clarence River and New England capabilities, as they un- derstood about the Diaphantine problems or conic sections. Nay, not many moons ago, a friend of ours was seriously asked in the metropolis by one of the noisy, know nothing politicians, whether the Timbarra river was not pertaining to Victoria the modest. After all the neglects attendant, these gold fields exist, or rather the persevering miners labour on, and indications of considerable success, like hope, aye, golden hope, stir them onward. The river bed, now that the period of floods are past and gone, offer strong inducements, and claims have been sold at as high figures as £150 each. In Millera Creek scrub sinking is carried on with high prospects of payable returns. The sinking rules at from four to about fourteen feet deep, and as en couraging remunerations as from ten and twelve grains up to a pennyweight per pan have rewarded the hard-labouring miner. At Pretty Gully the sinkings have been fully as paying, and we have beheld nuggets come from that place which rather astonished our optical, as well as rational, perceptions. From Boono Boonoo, along the the hills towards Wellington's look out, the true boundry between New England and Clarence dis- tricts ; eastwards to the Clarence River, nearly will, when well tried, be all found auriferous, and some day remunerative. It is to be feared, however, that these diggings are worked in a very unscientific manner, and that much fine gold is thrown away by unskilful operations. Many miners rush it in a very reckless way-the present is most particularly theirs ; the future, means strictly, " take no thought of to- morrow,*" which never arrives, and is always coming. All ranks of people are grumbling, regarding the dullness of the times-June, July, and August, are usually months of less activity than any of the others. We want some stimuli to rouse up our latent energies ; or do men, like some of the lower creatures, fall into a state of torpidity or semi-slumber, during the cold frost of our so-termed winter? It is a glaring instance of our New South Wales enterprise and activity, that whereas the greatest amount of Victorian gold is obtained from auriferous quartz ; scarcely an ounce is procured from the richer quartz rocks of the north. Those of Boonoo Boonoo are ascertained to be remarkably golden, yet no enterprising individual, company, or firm, have attempted to erect machinery for working those valuable deposits. Local attempts have several times been made to form a company ; prospectus after pro- spectus was drawn out and approved, but when the call was made to hand over the cheques, with true Australianism, they turned their backs on themselves, and backed out of the concern. The weather keeps cold and dry. Ploughing ad- vances rapidly in New England, and a fine sowing season is fully anticipated. The ground generally works freely, and a fine mould bids fair to indicate a good crop. Farming is a term in Australia which, like perfection and happiness, and a few other nouns, might very well be expunged from our vocabularies ; ergo, if those accustomed to plough and sow and reap and mow bunglingly perform their work, then how much worse will your agricultural citizens get through it, when everybody gets every thing by the sovereign panacea of free selection, and free grass as free as air and water- and freedom next, to take what they want, and keep what they take. Aurea oetas truly ; one wide -commonage-Owenism and all! As the milleniuim is predicted to come in 1866, and the squatter' tenures all expire, a Land law may probably be passed on or about that happy period, when we shall be all contented together. First, by suspending the law- makers (a fate not unmerited) ; and next, the lawyers. A new direction to the cattle trade is now com- mencing in this quarter. Instead of being driven to the westward and Victorian side, stock are now in demand for the north. Various droves have already passed into Queensland-and a strong probability is entertained that this northern market will stop sup- plies partially, if not largely to the south, A strong and well appointed party lately left this quarter in search of other homes in the far north. Several others had preceded them, and we learn that large tracks of country are already taken up. This is truly a wonderful country, yet this island continent will soon be too small for us. Australians " cannot be bound in nutshells, and deem "themselves kings of infinite space." THE PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY.-The monthly moot- ing will take place this evening, at which, after the business, announced by advertisement has been trans- acted, will be read a paper by Mr, Miller, one of the assayeiB of the Mint, on a simple practical method of . detecting spurious gold, as applied to the detection of the fpurious articles lately sold at Braidwood. Speci- mens of the manufactured article, and of the genuine, with the action of the test on each, will be exhibited. WOOLLOOMOOLOO PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.-The U6ual anniversary meeting of the Scots Free Church, in Palmer-street, Woolloomooloo, took place yester- day. The meeting, which was a tea-meeting, and as such delightfully festive in its character, was held within the church. The building is very plain and «vety simple in its interior decorations, but pleasing in 5ts proportions and arrangement. Its benches were thoroughly'filled, principally by ladies and little girls and boys, all of whom seemedto join with great zest in the meeting. Good tea, plenty of plum-cake', bis- cuits, and bread and butter, gave salutary enjoyment to those assembled, and they were so vi eil arranged that the tables looked like the concomitant of a little banquet hall. Lots of flowers added beauty to the meeting, and set off finely the shining smiling faces of the little daugh- ters and' elderly mothers who attended it. Mr. Cordner presided at the harmonium with his usual ability. A chpir, led by Mrs. Cordner, apparently amply sup portcdhim. In fact, we knownotfhatwehovc ever heard in this colony, on a limited scale, sacred music more successfully performed. Prayer having been offered up, the chairman stated that the object of the meeting was to celebrate the anniversary of the building of the church. He was íojoiccd to see so ninny smiling faces . mound him, and to assure thom that the affairs of their Chwch were prospering. The meeting was subsequently addressed by the Rev. Mr. Kent, tile Rev. Dr. Fullerton, the Kcv. Mr. Cuthbertson, and again by the chairman ; when, after many hallelujahs most delightfully sung, at a quarter-past ten tho very agieeable party broke up. REI'IIESEMAIION or Monrnin.-We hear that a very numerously signed requisition will be forwarded to Mr. Samuel Cohen, requesting that gentleman to come forward as a candidate for Morpeth, in lieu of Mr. E. C. Close, junior, resigned. Oui- informant re- marks :-" there is no doubt the estimation in which Mr. Cohen is held, as an intelligent, persevering, and energetic colonist, together with his large stake in the Hunter River district, is such that he will be almost unanimously chosen."-Maitland Mercury. SCONE, JULY 14 ."¿-On Thursday last we had a Blight drizzling rain, which passed away toward« afternoon, and since then the sky hag now and then assumed a threatening appearance. On. Friday and Saturday morning we experienced the sharpest frosts this_ winter, the middle of of the day being warm and genial, the nights raw and cold. Vegetation does not seem to be at all affected by these frosts, for our gar- dens and fields wear a cheering prospect, and feed on the roads tolerably good. Business very dull, and things generally flat, as has been the case for some lime.-Correspondtnl Maitland Mercury. "PRESENTED" 'AT COURT EY MISTAKE.-The London Gazette contains the following singular an- nouncement ¡-"Notice is hereby given, that the prepentation of Mrs. Duncan Stewart at her Majesty's drawing room, on.Saturday, the 24th March last, took , place through inadvertence." 