MR. BUCHANAN AT MORPETH. On Friday evening, Mr. David Buchanan addressed a meeting of electors of Morpeth, convened by advertise- ment, at the Morpeth Hotel for the purpose of affording them an exposition of his political creed. About one hundred and twenty persons, including a large propor- tion of the boys of the town, attended. Mr. W. G. Gardner was moved to the chair. The CIHAIRMAN, in opening the proceedings, said he did not identify himself with Mr. Buchanan, or his political views, not knowing what they were; but before the meeting was over, they would no doubt be known. After reading the advertisement, he asked the electors assembled, to give their support to Mr. Buchanan if his opinions agreed with theirs. If they did not, let them look round for some one else whose opinions did, and put him in. Mr. BUCHANAN then addressed the meeting. He said that, hearing of the resignation of their late member, he had been called upon to offer himself as a candidate for the representation of the electorate. He had done so, influenced by the belief that he was not unacceptable to the people; he had also been influenced by the pressing invitation of, he might say, almost the entire consti- tuency; and also to give an exposition of his political creed - which it was the bounden duty of every candidate to offer to the electors. Before going further, he would remark upon the requisition that had been pretty exten- sively signed to Mr. Cohen. He could not but hold up his hands in surprise at such proceedings. Mr. Cohen had not showed any sign. They did not know what his political principles were - whether he was whig, tory, republican, or aristocrat, no more than if he spoke in the language of the moon. But he (Mr. Buchanan) did not blame the poor people so much as he blamed Mr. Cohen for the attempt. The most brilliant statesman who ever swayed the destinies of England would not have dared to offer himself to the meanest constituency without a statement of his political views; nor did he believe that there was one constituency in Eng- land that was actuated by such grovelling crawling sychophany as to tolerate such treatment. Suppose the electorate returned Mr. Cohen, what would he do? Would he stand forward and fight for the cause of the people, meeting the aristocrats nightly on the opposi- tion benches, and checkmating their moves, antagonistic to the interests of the people? No; he would go and bring the weight of his transcendant genius for the purchase of needles and pins, and would buy here a boat- hook, and there an anchor, and when he had done what he could with such profitable investments, he would sit down and congratulate himself upon what he had done for his constituents. It had been said that the publi- cans had brought him (Mr. B.) forward, that they might sell a little more liquor. He denied it; and he would say that the publicans had acted in a more manly and straightforward manner than had the millers. Having now disposed of this person, Mr. Cohen, he would briefly explain his own political principles. From his boyhood ho had attached himself to the cause of the people - to the five points of the charter - and had narrowly es- caped the imprisonment which some of his companions suffered for their adherence to the same cause. He had advocated the charter with all the ardour of his nature, and in every way; but it was of no use -in the face of the overwhelming influence of the aristocraoy. That charter had been despised; but it was the cause which had raised America to her lofty position. In England, Sootland, and Ireland, the working classes were groan- ing under a political oppression that well nigh pressed them out of political existence. Disgusted with this, he carne to Australia; and what did he find? He found the country governed by a system of nomineeism. He attacked that system with all the force of which he was capable - with his tongue, and with his pen. And lat- terly that system had been brought down. Tbey now had responsible govornmont. But at that time they had neither vote by ballot nor universal suffrage. He wrote in favor of universal suffrage and the ballot; he attended political meetings, and questioned the candidates, and when they did not agree with those principles he opposed them. Ultimately tbey had got both universal suffrage and the ballot, and he trusted that every one would exercise the powers of the ballot on this occasion. There was one other thing they had not got, and that was State-aid. That question was well-nigh settled, but not finally. If he were returned, he would do his utmost to abolish it, totally, entirely, and completely. The only excuse offered for it by its supporters was that if it were abolished the shepherds and others in the interior would not have religious aid. He had been ten years in the colony, eight of which he had spent in the bush; and, while there, he had never seen the ghost of a white neckcloth. They might draw up at the door of a wealthy squatter, to have dinner, but he never saw them at the hut of the dying shepherd. But if the principle was admitted to be wrong - as it was by everyone - they could not continue it. Its total and immediate abolition was necessary. Let those who wanted religion pay for it; but let not a farthing of the public money go to such a oause. If they looked at Ire- land they would see that the people not only supported their own church by voluntary contributions, but tbey were forced to support the Church of England also, and they did it. Education was one of the most important things that could agitate the mind of a politician. He would be in favor of a large grant, for the education of every poor man's child; in fact, he would enforce parents to send their children to school. He would give secular education only, and would have the children taught reading, writing, arithmetic, history, and geo- graphy. But suppose a teacher had a class, and some of the children were Catholics, some Protestants, some Methodists, some Ranters, some Mormons - how could he teach all these religion? Better leave religion to the priests and the clergy of the religions to which the children belonged. The land question had occupied his mind much, but his views were not yet matured upon this point. He looked favorably, however, upon the bill which Mr. Black introduoed but unfortunately did not carry. The Upper House he would distinctly abolish at once. At the present moment it was a check upon the lower house, and its uncon- stitutional intrusion upon the Estimates was a thing that had not been done by the arrogant House of Lords. The only excuse offered for it was that it was a check upon hasty legislation. But those who knew anything of the proceedings of the Assembly need have no alarm on that score. They had hardly passed one act in the Assembly during the session. Hasty legislation! The thing was not known. Had they called it sluggish, it would have been more germane to the subject. The Upper House was a useless incubus, and worse than all, it was nominated. If they had one at all, let it be elective. As to the monied influence with members, there was far too much of it. Tbey had seen it in this little affair already. It was an extraordinary thing for one person to take another into his dining-room, and over some wine to say, "We must have you in"; and when the question was, "But what will the people say?" for the answer to be - "Oh, never mind about the people, we will ride roughshod over them." If the people would put up with such an insult as that, it would be better at once to give up their position here, and go over to the Czar of Russia. He thought he had now pretty well run over all the grand questions at issue in the house. He had not given his views at the length he desired. But he had been so completely absorbed in the way the people of Morpeth had been treated, that be put himself in his present position, and he trusted they wonld give him their support. If he went down, he would sit constantly, and give himself up to the business of legislation, and advocate their rights. It should not be with him an affair of a clique, of pounds, shillings, and pence, without any political principles at all. He was astonished that one who had always been on the liberal side should have shown himself moved by such sinister motives. He (Mr. Buchanan) wonld submit himself for their suffrages, and if returned, he wonld have nothing in view but the good and well-being of the people of the colony. He would divide the house night after night until the Charter was established, and when the Charter had been established he would turn his attention to the rights of man. These principles had grown with his growth; and to sacrifice them for lucre would be inconsistent with his nature. If they sent him in, he would discharge his trust with fidelity. Perhaps he was not in a position to do so; but he would bring in a bill for the payment of members. They would not then have the house counted out night after night. Members would not then come into the house merely to have a joke. But they would then have members who would meet to legislate and pass bills for the good of the community. As it was, men of wealth went to Sydney to do their own business, and never paid the slightest attention to the electors. If he succeeded in passing that bill, he would confer a boon on the colony generally. He hoped they would give him their support. He did not look to the rich; they were his devoted enemies; it was to the people he looked. There was not one rich man who would not give almost anything to defeat him. But he trusted that the people would join in one united phalanx, and be true to themselves, and put their opponents at defiance. He thanked them for their attentive hearing. He trusted that on the day of nomination he would see them all, and have also the pleasure of meeting the illustrious Samuel Cohen. This concluded the address, which was repeatedly interrupted by cheering. Several questions were put by persons in the crowd, to whioh Mr. BUCHAHAN, in reply, stated that he would bring in a bill to abolish the system of Chinese immigration. It was a wretched thing to bring in those barbarians. The rich were at the head of it, in order to get cheap labour, whilst the poor man could not got a crust. He would do his best to have the railwy extended to Morpeth. Mr. SMITH asked Mr. Buchanan whether he would be in favour'of Mr. Deniehy's motion, that the inhabitants of each town should have the benefit of electing their own magistrates. Mr. BUCHANAN said he would, most distinctly: nothing could be fairer Being asked what he thought of the Sunday work in Morpeth, Mr. BUCHANAN said he thought that was a question for the clergy. He would like to put it to them. It was most disgraceful. Captain PATTISON then proposed Mr. David Buohanan as a fit and proper person to represent Morpeth. The motion was seconded by Mr. W. WISDOM, and carried unanimously. Mr BUCHANAN begged leave to thank the eleotors for their kindness. He said he was glad to see so numerous an attendance, the room being literally crowded to suffo- cation both inside and outside. He reminded the eleetors of the powers of the ballot, the only thing that secured them, and he trusted that they would come early to the poll, so that his opponent might not have a majority at any hour of the day, and that at its conclusion he might walk in over his head. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, and much cheering, the meeting dispersed. 