ALLOCUTION OF OUIl HOLY FATHER POPF. PIUS IX.. Delivered in tiie Secret Consistory, July 13, 1860. Venerable Brethren — Xt is known and clearly visible to all that a most cruel war hath been lately stirred tip. against the Catholic Church by the sons of darkness. Inspired b'Jr a devilish malice, calling good evil, and putting darkness for light, and light for darkness, they try, by ail kinds of wicked schemes, thoroughly to destroy the Church and her sacred teaching, (as if it ever could be done), and to extinguish and utterly uproot every sense of Christian Faith, of virtue, and even of the natural law of justice, decency, and honesty. Every one knows how 'sad and unhappy the condition of our fnost holy religion in Italy is at the present time, by the widked conspiracy ana contrivance or tnese men who, Walking according to their own desires in impiety, and straying from God's path, strive to combat and ovortbrow both religion horself and all tilings sacred. Therefore, with incredible grief of soul, we are, forced to deplore the new and . very grievous wounds which have been and are daily inflicted by unjust usurpers of legitimate powers in Italy, upon our Apostolic authority, upon the Catholic Church, and her Sacred Ministers, pro perty, and rights. For in various parts of Italy unjustly subjected to Sardinian Sway, public schools have been founded, in which, to the greatest injury of souls, every erroneous, false and depraved doctrine, altogether opposed to the Catholic Church, is publicly and openly taught, and the Cburch is herself attacked.' All know' that innumerable pamphlets, newspapers, and writings of all kinds have been issued from the ? laboratory of Satan for the rain and perdition of souls, and published with most shameful and abominable pictures ; by which means these im placable enemies of religion, and most skilled artificers of guilt arid fraud, endeavour to despise and ridicule the pacred mysteries of religion, the precepts and venerable institutes of the Church, her laws and her censures ; to corrupt men's minds, and to turn them from thn Hatlinlin religion ; to encourage and foster a dissolute and licentious life, and even monstrous impiety ; to attack the Sacred Ministry and the Vicar of Christ on Earth with insults, calumnies, and re proaches ; to subvert the command of all legiti mate power, and to procure the destruction both . of the Church and of civil society. These enemies of the light, and of the truth, do not fear to lay violent and sacrilegious hands on the consecrated servant and the Patrimony of the Church. Fur, when the Sardinian Govern ment usurped the dominion of the Duchies of Parma and Piacenza, it wickedly expelled on the lttth of April last, the Monks of the Order of St. Benedict, dwelling in the Parmesan Monas tery of St. John the Evangelist. Again, by a decree of the 10th of last May, it ordered the Seminary of the Clergy at Piacenza. to be closed, in order to be revenged on the bishop of Piacenza, who had properly abstained from performing the sacred ceremonies which' were enjoined by the civil power. Next, tbis'most watchful Bishop was seized, torn from his diocese, taken to Turin, and sentenced both to imprisonment and fine. The same penalties were also inflicted on the Vicar-General of the Bishop, and on some of the Canons of Piacen'za. For the same cause, both in our usurped provinces of the (Emilia, and in. other places subject ti-. the unjust Sardinian rule, many illustrious Bishops, Our Venerable Brethren, and Ecclesiastics, and members of religious houses, have been grievously and most unjustly barrassed and exposed to a most severe inquisition, of whom not a few have been arrested and either driven into banishment or cast into prison. For the same cause, the Pro- Vicar of Bologna was torn from the side of bis Cardinal Archbishop, at the very time the latter was'giving up the ghost. He was put into prison, and after wards sentenced both to imprisonment anil fine. Moreover, when the most illustrious Archbishop bad departed this life, the property of the Archbishopric of Bologna Was immediately sub jected to the administration of the Government. For the same cause, by the same Government, our venerable brother, tne most pious Bishop of Faenza, was first put under military guurd in his own mansion, because, being afflicted with a dangerous malady, he could not be thrown into prison, and was afterwards sentenced to impri sonment and fine. For the same, cause have suffered your most distinguished colleagues, our beloved sons, Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church ; the Archbishop of Pisa has been ar rested by military force, torn from his fiockj-iind brought to Turin ; the Archbishop and BisArop of Iinok has bfien detained in military custody in his own mansion ; and the Archbishop of Ferrara has undergone a variety of persecutions. You know also the most Serious losses which religion and her servants have lately suffered in Sicily, by the acts of abandoned men, who have overthrown the government of the legitimate rulei1. Two Religious Orders, which have ren dered the greatest services to Christianity, have been suppressed, and the members have been driven into exile. It is especially to be deplored, venerable brethren, that some of the clergy have been there found, who, forgetting both their God arid their. duty to the people as priests, to the greatest scandal and indignation of all good men, have not blushed to lend their help to the eheihies of the Church and of all justice, arid to take part with them. Moreover, in our usurped provinces, several dioceses have been deprived ot their pastors, to the great. danger of the faithful, as the pastors, on account of the coriditions'imposed by illegitimate power, were unable to enter them. This among other things clearly shows what the chief aim of these men is, Vbo by most wicked and sacrile gious crimes aspire to usurp and destroy the temporal Sovereignty of the Roman Pontiff, and this Apostolic See, that when the temporal power and' Majesty 'ej the Pontiff, and of the See Mv'e beeti crushed and overthrown they may be more easily able to attack the Catholic Churoh. ,\Vje abstain from recounting the many other crimqs of the Bame nature, by which these men afflict and persecute the Church and its consecrated servants, while with perfidious wickedness they everywhere, and always' treacherously arid, de ceitfully, preach up arid extol universal liberty. You well kri'ow. Veriarahla Brethren, hnw bv 'these grievous crime's, committed to the greatest sorrow aiid indignation of nil good men, \Ve and Our Apostolic Authority and this Holy See, and your Order and Episcopal Dignity, and the wiipje Clergy, suffer injury, violence, and contumely.' But in this great distress We feel no small joy rn beholding with what brilliant' faith, patience,: and constancy both Our beloved Sons the Guv dinnR.of the Holy.. Horn an Churob, and Our .Venerable; , Brethren, .the Archbishops , . and Bishops, to the grent glory of their name, exult in bear.-ng all the trials, and misfortunes inflicted on them, without any just cause, and in strenu ously defending the cause of the Church and of justice. We rejoice, too, in perceiving how firmly, with few exceptions, the Italian Clergy, which is worthy of all praise and mindful of its vocation and duty, follows the illustrious foot steps of its Bishops, endures all afflictions and oppressions, and splendidly performs its duties. But while We are borne down with heartfelt grief, mindful of fJur Apostolic Office, We shall never cease with the support of Divine aid, from fearlessly defending with Our whole heart and strength the cause of the Church divinely in trusted to Us by Christ Our Lord Himself. Wherefore, Uplifting Our voice in this your most noble assembly, and before the whole Catholic world, We entirely and with the greatest possible earnestness condemn and reprobate these sad and never enough to he lamented .deeds; and We protest and Will -never cease from protesting against the violation of Ecclesiastical Im'niuftities, the contempt shown to the Caraihaliti'al and Episcopal Dignity, the affliction of all orders of Ecclesiastics, and the subversion of all the rights of the Church and of this Apostolic See. But for all this time of convulsion, for all this great war against tho Church, for all this trampling upon all divine and human laws, and contempt of the Priesthood, let us not lose courage, Venerable Brethren. For Heaven and Earth shall pass away, but the words and pro mises of the Lord will not pass away, and, as you well know, the most flourishing Eriipires, Kingdoms, .Nations, and districts riiay be dis solved, ruined, and destroyed, but the Church founded by Cbiist Our Lord, and constantly sup ported and 'enlightened by His Omnipotent Virtue, can neVer fail or be uprooted ; is not conquered by persecutions, nor lessened, but in creased and adorned with new and ever more brilliant triumphs. For this is the peculiar property of the 'Church, that she conquers when she is wounded ; she convinces when she is accused ; she wins when she is deserted. But let us not neglect, in all faith, hope, and humility of heart, day and night, with ever livelier zeal, to implore and. beseech the God of Mercies, that by the merits of His only begotten Son, Our Lord Jesus Christ, be would mercifully be pleased to have compassion on all prevaricators ; to flood them with His heavenly grace ; to enlighten, convert, and lead them back to Himself, so that all errors being routed, arid all iniquity removed, His divine religion and its saving doctrine, which is so conducive even to the temporal happiness arid peace of kingdoms and of peoples, may more and. more from day to day grow, flourish, and extend its rule over the whole earth. And now, addressing ourselves with heartfelt affection to all our venerable brethren, the Pre lates of the whole Catholic world, we again con gratulate them and the faithful entrusted to their care on their extraordinary faith, love, and obe dience to us and the chair of St. Peter. We openly and publicly acknowledge the grateful feeelings of our soul to our venerable brethren arid the faithful for the. wonderful zeal with which they do not cease, in every way to alleviate our. sorrows. We doubt not that our venerable brethren, with the piety, devotion, and sacerdotal zeal which distinguishes them, will persevere with still greater courage arid energy, together with the faithful entrusted to them, in defending with constancy the cause of the Church, and of this Apostolic See, arid in confidently approaching, together with us, the Throne of Grace with their most fervent prayers and those of the .faithful, and imploring the most powerful patronage of the Immaculate and Most Holy Virgin Mary, Mother of God, that this great and violent storm may be dispelled ; that the Catholic Cburch may obtain the peace she sighs for, and everywhere enjoy her own liberty ; that all wanderers from the path of truth and justice may ertter into their own hearts arid be converted to God, and, de clining from evil arid doing good, may walk in the ways of the Lord. 