THE GREAT SEA SEE PENT. IO TUB EDITOR OJ THE EMPIRE. ',, SIR,-The above animal wbioh all along bas been consi- dered, both by naturalists and ali right-tliinktag parsons, to bo . myth, or the oreationof a disordered fanoy,nas al laBt been fully set. at -rest as a reality. Some men ara '." " made famous by long yoars of roaonroh, and others by . , moro aooidenti lu the case of this groat ? wonder the) J litter has been the.oase, and,we h^vo,before us in print ' afull. and I dare Bay you will also say, a very..." portion. lar" account.' ' .. .'.« ..>.... . t i. »' . We have always looked upon the " sea' serpent" of;' Amerioan whaling oaptainR which , bave boon seen from limo to timo with great auspioum, .,. , , T, ¡We have also heard the report of ,tbe> ona whioh was , '. fired at by two respectable persons ot the Capo of Good Hope, at n milo and a half distnnoa ; this may bo truo or not, bat' we now Andi him in olosor quarters;doing a : deed that would maka .the strongest British heart 'tremble, ' ' '. ,. ,, . It has fallen to tbs good fortune of an Australian cap- tain to bring this great wonder to light in his voyogo last year to Australia. Ho is Haid to bo a " gentleman of un- impeachable veracity," and a Scotchman to boot. < What, J over may be the faults ot the dwellers north of tho Tweed, they can't be said to be pullers atXho longbow. ' So we will allow Captain Taylor, of tba British Banner, to speak for himself. i ? -i .'.'*.., "TUB SEA-SERPENT SEEN BX AN ORKNBV MAN I-Cap- tain Taylor, a nativo bf South Rbnaldshuy, and a génüo man of unimpeachable veraoity and great intelligence, sends us tho following extract from tho ' l«g.book'of his vessel, when on ber voyage last year to Australia:-' On the 90th April, in lat. 13 deg. 7 rein. S., and long I 03 deg. 03 min. E., with the SUD'over, the mainyard,. felt a Btrong aunsation as if tho ship was. trembling. Sent the second mate aloft to see what, was up; - The a latter called out to me to go the forerigging and look, I over the bows. I did so, and saw an enormous serpent . ! shaking the bowsprit with bin mouth. There was about thirty feet of tho sorpont out of tho water, ard. I oould soe his tail in the ' water abaft of . our stern. 'lt must have been at least about 300 feet long ; was about tho airoumferenoo of a very wide crinoline petticoat, with block - baok, ¡ abnggy mane,-horn on-the forehead, and large glaring oyes placed .rather near tho nose, and j*ws 'about eight feet long. ' Ho did not ob- servo me, and oontinucd , shaking tho bowsprit and throwing the sea alongside into a foam until the former same olear away ot the ship. The serpont waa pbwerlul enough, although the ship was carrying all sall, and going at about ton knots at the time he at- tacked us, to stop ber way completely. When the bow- sprit with tho jib-boom, sails, and rigging, went by tbe board, the monster,swallowed the forotopmast, staysail,, jiband flying-jib with the greatest apparent ease.. He also snapped the thickest of the rigging nnundor Uko thread. He Bheorod off a little after this, and roturnod appa- rently to aoratoh himself against tho side of .tbe .ship,. making a most extraordinary noise, resembling that on I board a steamer when'-the boilers are blowing off. A whale broached within a mile of tho ship at thia time, and the serpent darted off ofter it - like a tinah of light* ning, striking tho vessel with his tail, und staving .in. all the starboard quorter.gallery with its tail. Saw no more of it.-(Signed) WnxiAii TAYLOR, master, British Banner."-Northern Ensign. That may be said to bo pretty stiff for a man that was not a Yankeo, but still it must ba acknowledged, Scotch- man though be bo, H is a little in tbe Edgar Allan Poa line. Thero is some fun in tho Captain, when'ha - informs us that the monster came baok to soratob him- ' ' self, ho must have uiistnkon the unimpeachable captain's ship for: ono of the Duko of Argyle'* posts. I wander ho was'not afraid that Old Scratch would log hold of him for tolling »uah a ornmmor, Perhaps it all may be accounted for by tho fact,, when ho , tells ns that tba " sun was over the main yard," nnd "felt a strong souBnlioh," that ho saw what ho saw. When the serpent is able to..digest his littlo meal of the foretop. mast, staysail, jibs and flying jibs, and bring ovidanoe to that effect, 'we may give- William Taylor orodit for Bplvlng one of tho wonders tbnt Ballera eoe, when they go down in »Afp» in the mighty deep. Ynnrn Érnlv. GHOST OF CAPTAIN CUTTLE. 