[THE BENDIGQ ADVERTISE I! (PUBLISHED DATLT.) PROGRESSION, OOB BIGHTS, AND ODB RESOURCES. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY, J.lN. IS, 18G0. THE MINING- B0A11D REDIVIVUS. JUST when the interest of the municipal election, and everything couuected with it .was dying out, and there appeared likely to be a stagnation in public matters, the Mining Board has come very seasonally ou the scene to supply edification and amusement for the public. The sudden ap pearance of this body, after'so long a period has elapsed, during which it was virtually defunct, inspires a startling sensation like that which we may suppose to be caused by the appearance of a ghost. We had given the Mining Board up for lost, and had shed tears for its untimely, or as some people might maliciously remark, timely, decease, and lo! here it is again manifest in the flesh. Seeing that the body has lain quietly so long, what in the name of wonder causes it now to start up into active life? There is no sudden call upon its intelligence and its energies that we lcnow of. It has not been summoned to awake, arise, and rush to the rescue for the mining interest, or any other'interest. As far as any public benefit is concerned, it might have continued its Rip Van Winkle slumbers to the end of its term of office. The public would not have suffered any more inconvenience thau they have at any time during the past few months. In fact, it is marvellous how well they get on without the Mining Board, and the result of this experience may be that the Government will be requested to abolish that body altogether. Even during the ex traordinary period of _ the, mining mania, when the members of the Board, from the Chairman downward, were themselves specu lating in applications for leases, and even in some cases attempting to use their position to secure priority of survey, the Mining Board was not at all missed. Nobody thought of inquiring what had become of that great bulwark of the mining interest; and if the inquiry had been made, no doubt the response would have been, " Gone to look after mining leases!" However, not even that simple query was caused by curiosity con cerning the Board, and now it starts into active life without any sufficient reason for coming back again to frighten quiet people from their propriety. , Why is it that the Mining Board has made its reappearance just within two or three weeks, of its dissolution ? Excessively ill-natured people say .it is , because there is some money to be dis posed of, and the interest of the members in public .business is very much increased by the prospect of the scramble. . But such an ungenerous sus ' picion surely does injustice to the motives of our local legislators. We know their disinterested ness and public spirit, and cannot imagine that a love of filthy lucre has any connection "with their re- appearance. But there are some peculiar circumstances connected with the case, which, to say the least of it, are suspicious. We observe from the report of the meeting that Mi-. Evans, who attended for Mr. Wollaston, states that the minutes had not been made up since the 13th of December, but the Board had been ad journed from day to day since, and that there were members of the Board who had attended every meeting! Attended what ? Not meetings of the Board, for it was hopeless to expect that there could be any without a quorum, and a quorum was impossible with the members of the Board scattered to all points of the compass. Mr. Taylor, it would seem, has attended periodically, with the exception of one night, and we imagine that Mr. Taylor claims to be paid for those periodical attendnnces at which he smoked o cigar, and kicked his heels for twenty minutes at the Board Room. Who will venture to deny that he earned his money by such exemplary assiduity ? Mr. Nolau seems to have been a partner of Mr. Taylor's in these periodical attendances, .to judge from his sympathy, with him. These gentlemen were engaged in the laudable effort "to keep the Board - alive" - poor, wretched thing, struggling - against extinction.: These devotees were keepiug the sacred fire alive, and they were at the same time securing an additional share of the money voted. Devotion and an eye to pelf-how well they harmonise ! As; pay-day approaches, the whole of the Board seem smitten with the same peculiar devotion, and for the remainder of their term of office what exem plary regularity , shall we not find on their part. " We cannot refrain from noticing the. state ment. made. with reference to the .entry; of the Minutes, for it would seem that 110 Minutes had been entered since the-13th of December. ' What are the public' to understand from' this ? Have there been meetings of the Board since that date, tho Minutes of which have not been entered, and if not, why is such a reference made?' Mr. Wollaston'a discharge of the duties of Clerk to the Board have been by no means satisfactory, and on the present occasion we observe that he was not present. But it is unjust to hold him responsible for the entry of minutes of meetings which seem to have been very visionary affairs indeed. Such an entry, we suppose, should have been made in the following manner "Wedne-day evening, Dec. -. Mr. Taylor appeared in the Board room punctually at half-past 7, aud looked over the newspaper. Then smoked a short black pipe for some time. Quarter to 8 o'clock. Joined by Mr. Nolan, when they blew a cloud together. About 8 o'clock Mr. O'Keefe entered, and after a few minutes' con versation they adjourned till the following evening." Is this the kind of entry that has been neglected? Some difficulty arose about confirming the minutes, as they were not posted up to time, but Mr. O'Conor, with ready invention, got over the difficulty by the suspension of the Standing Orders! There's an ingenious plan for you. Getting over the difficulty of a defective miuute book by the repeal of the Standing Orders seems to us very much like getting over the want of a dinner by a repeal of the custom of eating. The business brought before the Board, and (vhioh be it remembered, has been accumulating for some time, was of a very un importaut nature, and oonsisted chiefly of requests for the advice of the Board; as if it was a kind of standing couusel. The everlasting Captain Mechosk, we observe) turns up again, at this time, more in a posit iou to find sympathy, as he is ill. A good word costs nothing, and so the Board recommends him to the favorable notice of the Legislature. Then there was a circular letter to the Mining Board Surveyors brought under consideration, which resulted in the subject-being referred to a select committee-in fact shelved. The plain truth is that the business brought before the Board was a mere nothing, and was only the ostensible pretext for an activity which has special refer ence to the division of the spoil. 