VARITIES —oo— Whether objects give rise to terror or not, depends a good deal on their colour. Ghosts would lose all their frightfulness, if they could only be induced to dress in black dress coats instead of white. The editor of the Woonsocket Patriot makes merry over the mistake of an old Shanghai hen of his, that has been "setting" for five weeks upon two round stones and a piece of brick! "Her anxiety," quoth he, is no greater than ours to know what she will hatch. If it proves a brickyard, that hen is not for sale." What is that, which Adam never saw, never possessed, and yet he gave two to each of his children?— Parents. A gamester finding luck rather hard againsthim exclaimed, "Oh, Fortune, 'tis true you make me lose, but I defy you to make me pay." " Is there any danger from the boa- constrictor?" said a visitor at the Zoological Gardens a few days since, "Not the least, sir; he never bites, he swallows his victuals whole.'' An advertisement appeared in the Times, the other day, announcing for sale "a winged wardrobe." As if our clothes did not go fast enough as it is. A shopkeeper of Vienna lately put up in his window a notice declaring that, "The proprietor of this establishment, wishes to enter into the marriage state with a well-conducted young woman or a young widow." "Since then," some of the local journals state, "it is quite inconceivable what a number of women of every age enter the shop to make purchases, but the would -be Benedict has not yet made his choice." As one of the Philadelphia line of steamships, with a large number of steerage passengers on board, a number of whom had died, was entering Delaware Bay, another of the company breathed his last. It was deemed expedient to bury him at once. but the stones for sinking the coffin were all expended. Their place was supplied by coal. After the painful duty had been performed, a coloured waiter came to the Stewardess and said, "It's awful misses, it's awful!" "What's awful, Peter?" "Why, misses, to think of a man going down and taking his own fuel with him!" A Dutchman up in Toledo, who keeps a large beer shop. has invented a shrewd device for putting an end to all bad debts. It is better than the old placard "NO Trust." He has posted over the counter the following: —-Gobbs owes this house 75 cents for beer. Nobbs had better come and settle for them beer and sausages: total 48 cents. Hobbs, why don't you be an honest man and pay up for your beer?—total 90 cents. Boobs owes this house two dollars ; gone away : teas scoundrel; total, two dollars." Gold-washing has proved so unhealthy an operation, that it may be said there is but one stop from the "cradle" to the grave. 