ABORIGINES AT THE GOULBURN. A correspondent from the Broken River sends us the following interesting account of a movement now taking place amongst the aboriginal natives : — "Sir — I do not think it is generally known what a stir the grant of an aboriginal reserve on the Upper Goul burn as created among the blacks. "While the natives of New Zealand are bearding the British Lion to his face, in defence of a few paltry acres legally disposed of by one of themselves, but which they consider the ina lienable property of their race, and rather than surrender them are risking their own almost inevitable destruction, our poor black fellows, are preparing to celebrate, by a ju bilee, the generous gift of a few stony hills in a very remote corner of their own noble pa trimony. As soon as it was known that they really were the possessors of a piece of land they could call their own, arrivals from va rious parts, including the Delatite, Broken River, Murray, &c.;, came dropping in to inspect their property and, as possum and game were plenty, and the novelty of the thing took their fancy, it is needless to say it met with their entire approbation. The staid and reverend elders, accustomed to the delightful freedom and excellent ventilation of a mia-mia could not be prevailed onto submit to the closeness of an in door life ; but the rising generation eagerly availed- themselves of the huts provided, and tho roughly appreciated the accommodation.: One day not long since, the peaceful colony was perfectly astounded, and, I must admit, horribly scared, by the sudden appearance of about a hundred fine stalwart well armed blacks on the hill above the encampment. These proved to he the Gippa Land tribe, who had also heard of, and come to view, the great federal estate. Straight as a line had they crossed the immense intervening tract of amost inaccessible country, on this their first visit to the great northern slopes of Vic- toria ; and right jolly fellows they proved themselves, after the first stiffness of intro duction was got over. A great game at foot ball inaugurated the proceedings, which were closed by a glorious corroboree at night. Du ring the fortnight which followed, the Goul- burn blacks had time to admire the wonder ful skill of the Gipps Land tribe in the use of the spear. Kangaroo were killed at incredible distances ; and according to the account of my informant (a Delatite black, who was quite full of his subject) they never missed their aim at the smallest objects. The Gipps Landers, in their turn, were astonished at the abundance of game ; and negotiations were commenced on their part for a final migration of their whole tribe to this highly favoured locality. The matter is to he arranged at a grand corroboree which will be held shortly somewhere in the neighborhood of the King River. For this purpose the Gipps land tribe have returned for their luhras and fa milies, whom they will bring over by way of Omeo to attend the meeting, and messengers have been despatched to the Yarra, Lower Goulburn, Murray, and even as far westward; as Bendigo, to summon all and sundry to: this monster gathering. It is expected sever- al hundreds 'will attend, which will be' the. largest assemblage that has been since the advent of the white fellow. It is making a wondrous commotions among the sable com munity. The night side of nature is all astir- and should the proposed event come off, I will endeavour to 'sendyou.an account of it. Yours truly, Broken River. P. S.— I should; strongly recommend storekeepers near the spot to lay in a stock of raddle and pipei 'clay, as these articles will be in immense request." — Herald. The Sludge OuRiTinN. — Thn Anh -for 'Amending the laws Relating to the Gold- fields 'brought in by Brodie and Mr Henderson! passed its third reading in the Assembly on Tuesday evening. The powers of the Mining Board are thereby clearly determined, and the defects of the former act are amended. Un der the new hill there can be no doubt of the power of the mining boards to levy an assess ment for the drainage of claims, and also to de legate to district committees, to be appointed by the board itself. The , passing of this bill will clear away one of the .difficulties in the way of the settling of the sludge question. — Bendigo Adv. Coroner's Inquest. — Dr Roche, the Dis- trict Coroner, held an inquest on Tuesday, at the Catherine Reef Hotel, on the body of Ste phen John Young, . the landlord of the Half way House, near Bullock Creek. From the evidence adduced it appeared that a person named Jones was on the road between Der- went Gully and Bullock Creek, on Saturday night,, shortly after dark, when he passed a cart upset on the road, and on looking closer he saw deceased with his neck underneath the wheel. He managed to extricate deceased and got assistance to convey him to the nearest public house, but every attention bestowed on htm tone ncnlaas nnunx l.Hnnth n>l ofAnu L. ,uauW8Uf. uu llwfCt UlCilliUCU dlliCl 11C was first seen; The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased was killed by being thrown out of a cart. — Bendigo Adv. Daring Attbsipt. — The Pastoral Times records the following atrocious occurreuce : — On Sunday evening, or early on Monday morn ing, the inhabitants of the lower port of the township were roused from their slumberB by piercing shrieks, evidently those of a female in distress. There being a party of blacks camped on the opposite aide of the river,- the cries were at first supposed to come from that quarter, but all doubt as to locality was soon dispelled by Mrs. M'Donald (wife of a fencer at present at Mr. lysons station at Deniliquin) calling upon Mr. Douglas, of the Moulamein Inn, for assistance. - Some ruffian, taking advantage of her unprotected state, attempted to get down the chimney of the hut, in which attempt he awakened Mrs. M'Donald and a little girl who usually sleeps with her in her husband's ab sence. Having dressed, she incautiously opened the door to ascertain the cause of the disturbance, and was immediately pounced upon by a man, who tried to throw her down in the hut, and failing in that, dragged her to the outside, and laid her on the ground, but immediately afterwards took to the bush. The girl in the meantime, had passed in the scuffle, and ran for Mr Burgess, giving tongue as she went. 1 here was soon a legion to the rescue, armed with every imaginable weapon— from a double- barrelled gun to a potato-bruiser — but search for the dastardly vagabond proved at that time unavailing, Kiiull's Insolvencv.— The first steps to wards the investigation of the affairs of the in solvent estate of Mr E. Khull, began on Tues day, by a brief examination of the insolvent himself. Dr Mackay, on behalf of a Mrs Price, the widow of a gold miner, proved a claim against the estate for £1000, which had been entrusted to Mr Khull for investment, and the interest of which was payable at the City Bank in London. Mrs Price went to England whilst there received a cheque for 401 d count of interest, but on presentiou it City Bank was, in the words of the 1p». S counsel "laughed at." Mr Price beine able to get either the principal or interestTf her money, had since returned to this conni but only in time to find Mr Khull iuaolve' ft appeared that a further draft for interest I. j since been forwarded to England, but the fidence of the creditor, or her counsel j.Av security, was so small, that in accordance wlti! the provision of the insolvent law,— A Squatting Case.— There is at present case in course of triol in the Supreme C t which necessarily leads the mind to indule"1 reflections upon the ancient days of the coin W ft is a dispute between Messrs. Wilson b"' thers and Ronald M'Lachlan, as to the h f" dary line which should properly divideth" squatting runs of Avon Plains and Rich Avo situate upon the Richardson River in the Av district. The evidence extends back to th year 1845, when Alexander Thomnson w,. since Mayor of Geelong,. and successiveli,' M.L.C., and M.L.A., in Victorian parliament, and — Horsfall, Esq., of the then infant ter' ritory of Port Philip, went out into the wiider." ness in search of " pastures new." In «. " days of " free selection," Mr. Horsfall toot I out some 200,000 or 300,000 acres, and D Thompson, a more modest block of' territory adjoining, and ihe question now is, where the one terminates and the other begins. t|ifi frontiers of these shephered kingdoms have grown indefinite during the birth and maturity ot a practically independent nation. Through the mists which roll between us and these re- mote Arcadian days, we discern the majestic presence of the lion. Sir James Frederick Pal. mer, not yet President of a house of Peers but a simple boundary commissioner, untitled,' and indeed not readily to be distinguished froin an ordinary man. We see the cbostlike of the shepherd kingB themselves, many of them since resolved into veritable ghosts, and others deposed from their regal state,' and dwelling amongst us, or in other lands deposed princes for whom the gentle sheep no longer bears its fleece. Truly there have been won- derful changes since '45, and inestimable is the privilege we enjoy in being permitted to behold the pioneers of Port Philip living and moving amongBt us as though they did not belong to another age and a condition of society which has for ever passed away. — Age. Pass-Books not Proofs of Bank Re. ckipts,— -A point of importance to bankers and commercial men was decided lately on an ap. peal to the H.iuse of Peers. The Lord Ordi. nary held that a banker's pass-book is not cod. elusive evidence that he has received the monev acknowledged therein. The Court of Session reversed the decision, and considered the en tries on the pass-books as decided receipts. The Lord Chancellor, again, holds that banker's pasB-books are only accounts current, liable to error, and therefore he adopted the opinion of the Lord Ordinary, reversing the interlocutor of the Court of Session. This is a serious con. elusion and requires consideration ; for, accord- iug to the deliverance, the customers of a bank and not the partners, are rendered liable for the honesty of the servants of the shareholders. In the dispute settled by the House of Peers in this matter, a sum of £80 was twice entered in iuc imeo-uuun. ui me uuuk. a customer, itie bankers (the branch of the Commercial Bank in Invergordon) did not deny that the entry had been made by their officials. They ad mitted, the making of the entry at the bank, alleging that it was an error, as they had only received one sum of eighty pounds. We pre sume, that the customer (John Rhind, farmer, Invergordon) believed that two sums of eighty pounds each had been paid to. his credit. In these circumstances, the bank proceeded to Bhow, by their books and witnesses) the re ceipts of one, and only one, of the two sums, and that a bank official had inscribed the money once accurately and once erroneously. Next, the House of Peers reversing the decision of the Court of Session, hold the bankers free of responsibiity for. their own error ; and regard as of no more importance than an account- current all ' pass-books, hitherto considered, and considered necessarily, by depositors in the' light of vouchers. — Witness. Me. spueoeour and Smoking.— Mr, Spurgeon was invited by a wealthy gentle- man in the country, some forty miles from London, to come to his place and preach. Awiviriff fcTinrA Tia -fVvrmrl a. eta forrfc owmf aA in the park with hales of hay arranged tier above tier for seats, a pile of bales for a pul pit, and three, or four thousand people wait ing to hear him. He preached, and the peo ple thought they never heard such preaching before. The service over, he retired to the gentleman's house to dine, accompanied by several ministers of his own order, and fol lowed by hundreds of his hearers. The con versation at table, in which the young prea cher took the lead, was on the sin of needless self indulgence, and the christian obligation of self denial. After dinner an old minister pulled out his pipe, seemed anxious to light it, but evidently felt somewhat embarrassed from the preceding conversation. He looked at his pipe, then at the fire, and then at Mr. Spurgeon. Again he looked at Spurgeon, at the fire, at the pipe. At length he said, " Brother Spurgeon, do you think it would be wrong for me to smoke ?" ' Have you any Scripture to justify the practice ?" asked the preacher, " Well, I think I have," ad ded the venerable father in Israel. " I shall he glad to hear what it is," rejoined Mr. Spurgeon. " Well, brother, David was cer tainly a smoker." " How do you make that out P" "W"a11 Tia anofllra ir/in fcnmr. in one of the Psalms, of going through the valley of Baeca ( Bacca ) ; and I doubt not that was a private plantation for his own particular use,' Spurgeon cast a funny side glance towards his host '; and keeping the serious half of his countenance towards the old man, replied gravely, "You con smoke, Father Spike- nard."— -Tho American Pastor in Europe. Buemese Sayings. — Riches are less wealth than learning, for wisdom cannot be stolen or lost ; it is therefore thy best friend, and thy benefit in life, nay, even after death. The riches of priests are moral precepts. Soft words make friends : hitter words make many enemies. Be thankful for the least, after partaking of it. One may have youth, beauty, rank and wealth ; but without wis dom a man is like a beautiful flower that hath no fragrance to the leaf in which it is folded, Associate with tho wise, and their wisdom will cling to thee. The foolish one can discern a fault in another as small as the least of seeds, but he cannot discover a fault in himself as largo as u cocoanut. Lay not a sin upon a child, but upon its paront. When a pupil takes to evil ways blame the teacher, When a nation degenerates into unseemly courses blame the rulor ; and when the ruler does wrong blame his ministers.— From tk9 NehiKyw, a Burmese public work. 