To the Editor of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sir,-Pursuant to notice a public meeting was held at Wiliams's, Tarrawingee Inn, for the purpose of establishing a company's flour mill. Some misunderstanding having been circulated amongst the people as to the time as well as the place, a great many people were disappointed, however, about 4 o'clock p.m., about 20 people . assembled at the Inn above mentioned, and on the party resolving to proceed to business Mr Kay proposed that the meeting adjourn to a larger house, but the gentlemen present considering the room large enough for the present meeting, they proceeded to business. I may here state that amongst the number present were some of the most influential farmers of Tarrawingee, Oxley, and Docker's Plains. Mr Chandler was voted Chairman. He having explained the object of the meeting briefly, a somewhat lengthened discussion took place afterwards, after which Mr McAlary proposed a resolu- tion that this meeting adjourn for a fortnight for publication, which was seconded by Mr Kay, and carried. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman, the meeting went into a social shape; the motions being for cheap grinding, good flour, and a good price for wheat. Amongst other sub- ]ects, the traffic between Oxley and Tarrawingee via Ovens River, upon which a lengthened discussion took place, upon which your Correspondent heard more enthusiasm than he heard for some time before. Whether it was Williams's "Peculiar," which was sold for sixpence per glass, and every one said was first class, or the eloquence of the speaker, I don't know, but I went to sleep and dreamt of a monster bridge, expanding from Oxley Plains to the Tarrawingee Inn, and awoke truly a disappointed COCKATOO. "RELIABLE" INFOBMATION - VEST. - A letter from Yass, dated the 22nd of Feb uary, appears in Monday's Evivire, which .fctatei '. Our town u denuded of the male population all off to the diggings, so the .parson, the doctor, and.t Aoor three ofu3 have to shepherd all the women." It is to be regretted that statements so grossly incorrect as the above Bhould be published in a respectable dary journal under the heading of "Latest from Showy River." It is scarcely necessary to ttate that the remark was. made in a private letter in-a jocular way,and as we are acquainted with the writer, we are in a position to say tliat.it .was not writ en with a view, to public cation.- Yass Courier-: NOT TO BE FOUND IX BOSWEIX.-'Isifc wrong. Doctor, to beiieve in ghosts V . 4 No', Sir, no mora wrong than believing iu y u. It may be foolish; but there being no subitance or foundation for the belief, the folly, Sir, ia quite immaterial.'-Mr Punch's Unpublished Anecdotes of Dr. Johnson. 