What is the policy which presides orer gold-fields legislation and the administra tion of mining affairs in this golden colony of ours ? Tlie question is more easily put than answered. Indeed,, the only answer which it seems to admit of is the declaration that it is the policy of neglect. The most urgent want of the eold-fields is recognised to be systematised management of all mining matters whatsoever, applied under sound and liberal laws, which should be embodied in a code, that would be within reach of all, and be intelligible to all. At the pre sent moment the ' parliamentary legislation applicable to mining affairs is defective, in congruous, andoften mischievous in its scope and operation ; whilst the Mining Boards' regulations; framed , under this same parliamentary legislation, are equally objectionable as , the latter, if not, ' indeed, more' so. Drawn up, often under - the' pressure of local in fluences and prejudices, and by men who cannot, or do not, raise their eyes beyond the | exigencies of the present time and place, these Mining Board ; regulations and bye laws which are applicable to one locality or j to , one particular period, are wholly inap plicable to another time and place. And frequently the bye-laws and regulations which are . applied to a particular kind of mining in one, district, are wholly different in character from those which are applied to the very same kind of miniiag in another district. In one locality leases will be en couraged, ih another they' will be prohibited altogether, or greatly discountenanced. In one district' ' deep-sinking' will be pro moted, by means of large and amalgamated claims on the 'frontage ' plan; in another it will be retard#d or put a stop to altogether by permitting the confused method of sink ing in ' block', claims, or by only allowing claims of the smallest extent and insufficient to remunerate the 'deep-sinker' for the time, labor, and capital lavishly expended upon ' the lead.' Again, surfacing alone in some districts, and sluicing alone in other districts, receive the favorable and careful, attention , of the Mining Board bye-law mutLors, uuu uli ilic uiutu iujuus oi mining enterprise' -are discouraged; whilst ' reeling' and quartz-claimB engross all consideration in other places. The re sult is that the entire body of Mining Board regulations forms a compli cated mass of colonial red-tape crudities and anomalies, which confuse, perplex, and dis gust the miner in his perigrinations from one.gold field to another, and keep him con stantly in the hands of a rapacious host of lawyers, agents, and bailiffs. A remarkable instance in point occurred a few days ago at Back Creek. Some four hundred miners were at work there on the Rocky Flat Lead, carrying on their operations by the aid of expensive machinery, 011 the ' frontage' system. On the 16th ult., 'the Judge of .the Court of Mines there, in some case that came before him, decided that 'frontage' claims were illegal in that district ; and on tkat same day, a numerous body of those I ' waiters upon Providence' v/lio had not been so fortunate as to get a ' frontage' claim to ' the lead,' immediately 'jumped,' that is, seized ' by,; force ; aiid violence upon the auriferous'.' ground, and partitioned it' amongst themselves in ' block' claims. The original holders of the ground, thuis de prived of their claims for the present, ap peal to the Supreme Court, both parties re maining idle whilst awaiting ' the law's 'delay.' And by the time the final decision, i. r .J....' , j — / L 'i ... V ^ i whatever^it inay be j whether 'for or: against the original hoklcrs, shall have been come to,-by ;,'f- the Court f ^bovQJj' -the golden harvest' ' expected ' from working ' the ' lead ' 'will have been mostly spent by anti cipation in lawyers' fees and costs of court ; and the unfortunate miner will.be just as 'poor as before lie bailed a bucket of water out of the wet holes of the Rocky Flat. We cite this, not because it is a rare, case, hut simply bccausc it is one of the most recent instances of the ordinary hardships and losses inflicted upoii the miner by the pre sent systemless state of things. The mis chief 'arises not only from, the, bungling, .un certain, andoftenmeaningless local regulations imposed upon mining enterprise by the bye laws of the Mining Boards, but also from ?the absence of any definite and properly administered system of, gold-fields manage ment and control, conducted under the cen tralised system, which is supposed to have its head-quarters in the Chief Secretary's office iibre lii Melbourne, 'but which, in fact, appears to have no head at at all, although its executive subordinates — the Wardens — are numerous enough. There are hands enough, but no head, to this invisible ghost of a department, which is seated somewhere ,6r other amid the tripartite administration of Messrs.. Bailey, Fyke, and the Chief Secretary. ' . , . - - Then.there's the vexed question of mining on private property. This appears to be ig nored altogether, although it is fraught with great peril to the public peace, and its neg lect, whilst it entails much loss and incon venience both upon . miners and owners of auriferous land, likewise retards the yield of gold. Mining partnerships,, too, are still a matter of mystery. Then there's. ithe-water .supply, of the mining districts generally. This is forcing itself upon public- notice, from the sheer necessity of the^case j.yet- no practical and definite scheme i» projected, or even thought, ol,- m omcial quarters, lor general application. Some small; attempt# in scientific matters, indeed, are being mad* by forming maps, plans; and reports of ex isting fields, ao as to give some gui%nce to the miner, either in. ' prospecting' or work ing.similar auriferous ground hereafter. But all that is done in this, respect is a, mere nibbling, at the. edge of a vast and difficult work, and is scarce worth mentioning. In fine, the' conduct of the gold-fields affairs, whether it refers 'to the laws administered, or to the technical requirements of mining: operations, is almost in the same crude un satisfactory state that it was in. the early days of -the gold discovery. And we have the strange and not very gratifying fact be fore lis, that neglect and mismanagement are chiefly reserved for that great and crowded industrial occupation, which' employs most of the manual labor and steam machinery iit the country, and which . produces ,that riahest of rich harvests, which has within a few -years precipitated into a world:famed nation this recently small' and obscure, colony at the antipodes. .. But this is hot the darkest part of the picture^ The gold,, which has hitherto been the generous life- blood, which' circulated and distributed in its course through the body politic, vita lity, vigor, and reproductive power, has be gun to fall off in its]^ abundant yielfl , and we have got neither laws nor administrative management, nor scientific machinery of a kind to make the experience of the past avail able for arresting this diminution of the source of all our greatness and wealth. This is lamentable; nay, it is contemptible, and utterly unworthy of a people who aro accus tomed to, ana enjoy tne advantages ot, seit government. It would have been o therwise, however, if we had had a branch of the general Government of the country organised as a regular depositary of power and respon sibility for the proper' guidance and control of mining matters, under a Ministerial head. At present all things relating to the gold fields, except the merest routine of ordinary Government, are in a state of chaos. The function of. a Mining Minister would be to produce order, educe experience, and mature the means of enlightened progress, where now all is confusion, darkness, and j doubt. We have n6': Cabinet Minister of the kind however; although, we liave got one to take charge of our petty postal ar rangements. And we See' the result in the ' confusion worse confounded' presented by mining affairs generally. Why should we not do away with the? useless office of Post. master-General, and substitute in its place that of a Mining Minister ? Without some such functionary to direct the collection, amendment and consolidation of the various conflicting regulations now prevalent at the gold-fields, ; to prepare a proper code and superintend its due administration, mining reform will never be obtained, because there will be no one . to undertake it. What's everybody's business is nobody's business, aa the old saw truly has it. And so we find it in this case. The work which is bandied about between Messrs. Nicholson, Pxtkb, and Bailet, and for which none of them are in dividually responsible, is work that, iB never done, because it is work, the performance of ?which is not directly incumbent u'pon them. It is put off, under , the pressure of other business, to a more opportune period; but that opportune period never arrives. It is riot too late, however, to put an end to this anomalous and unprofitable state of matters, .by the introduction of systemati-sed and res ponsible administration, such as can alone be .conducted by the head of a department spe ciallv nliara-ed with tluit fmm.tinrn. Anrl ws eaimot help thinking but that after many trials it will be found that that is alone the first step towards achieving (jood govern ment, scientific progress, ami permanent prosperity to the business of mining, and to the gold-fields' communities. 