INFALLIBILITY OF THE CHURCH.— A SERMON BY REV. DR. CAHILL. (Specially reported by Andrew J. Graham, phono graphic reporter.) The following is the sermon on the ' Infallibility of the Church' referred to and sent] to us by oui ♦ New York correspondent : — Dearest Brethren, I am now going to deliver a discourse upon what we call the Infallibility of the Catholic Church. By infallibility I* do not mean that no man in the Catholic Church can fail, bu!: that the doctrines taught by Christ to His apostles arestill* taueht iu the Church, and will be taught throughout all countries, and all time, to the end of the world. The infallibility of the Church, therefore, means this, that I having passed my examinations in college, taken out my degree, and being recognized and approved as a priest by my bishop, you may rely upon what I tell you with the same certitude as if you heard Christ himself speaking.1 I What a consoling proposition that is ! As if any man in this congregation said ; Dr. Cahill, I eend my wife to you on her knees in confession, but I would not let the wife of my bosom go on her knees to any man in the world but the priest, f I take my daughter, my spotless child that I love, and 1 will bring her to you, and will placa her upon her knees before you to tell you the secrets of her heart; such is the confidence I have in your order. But will you tell us on what grounds you base the doctrines to which I thus submit myself and my family ? I want you to give me the grounds of your faith, to assure me that I am right, to tell me the basis on which you rest your official position, and to make my family understand and me be convinced the rest of my life . that' what you say is not only likely to be true, but that I can be no more deceived by you than by Christ himself. I want you, as one of our leaders of the Church, to give me the grounds upon which I rest my faith, that I may leare you on this evening with a conviction of the certitude of what you are saying, that there can be, no possibility of mistake. I answer that I shal] give you the basis and the argument of that pro position. I will immediately reply to you by direct argumentation. If you do not have such a convic tion of what I am saying, you cannot have any faith ; for, surely no man can believe what hs doubts. We say that no man can have true faith in Christ, whose faith admits of the smallest possible doubt. We might say of Buch a person, that he has a high Christian opinion, but no faith. Suppose I were before a jury in your country trying any caBe of misdemeanor or any civil action ; and I should call the witness and I should ask him — ' On your oath is that the man in the dock who committed this crime 1' He says, ' I doubt it.' ' Is that his handwriting ?' ' I doubt it.' Do yon think the jury would convict a man on this statement? Do you think an assertion which would be insufficient before the lowest jury of your country would he sufficient for the tribunal of God? Do you think that the testimony that would not move the lowest jury in your country would be taken before .the tri bunal of eternity ? I have made these preliminary remarks to place before you what I call faith, as that which does not admit in its composition the smallest possible doubt. If it be doubted at all, it cannot be that firm faith which Christ commands as the essen tial principle of becoming a Christian. My pro position is that you can believe the prie3t approved of by the bishop, who speaks the doctrine of the Catholic Church, with the very same confidence with which you would believe Christ himself if He stood . before you speaking. You say, that is a large pro position ; it is, but I assert it boldly with perfect confidence, believing it as fiimly as my existence. I .have no more doubt of it than I have of the life, death, or resurtection of Christ. I shall endeavor to fully convince you of the truth of this proposition I commence by saying that Christ ought to make as good rules for the sonl as His Father has made for the body. You say, yes. The Father has established all the laws of Nature, and I want to know if any-of them have ever failed ? I think not, The sun has never been one second too late in his brilliant course since the day He said ' Let there be light,' and there was light. The tides have never ceased to flow since that time. The seasons have never failed — spring, summer, autumn, winter. The great -panorama over your head appears to move with perfect order and regularity. All the plants arise in their proper time, decay, and fall into their antumnal graves, and are lost until another season; and the youngbaby plant makes its appearance the next spring, and perpetuates the memory of its parents, and goes on through ages. It is the same with the bird and the fish trihes. The animal tribes still oarry out their instincts, and thete they are, family after family, and so it will be, through-ages to come. The vast variety of these philosophical phenomena are maintained with perpetual order and Knnntu Whfltlipr thi* rnnntrv tv«re Mahommedam Catholic, Christian, or Infidel, these laws remain the same. Do what- you will, you cannot cause an eclipse of the sun. . By holding up your hand you mayicast.a shadow on yourself, but you cannot do »way with the light of the great luminary. When . you and I have discoursed upon1 this subject — a' favorite topio of mine — I say to you: These are the laws , of the Father over nature. Don't you think there ought .to be as good a set of laws for the soul instituted by Christ, as these Jaws of the Father for nature ? What would you think' if two suns were made,, when only one would so necessary i i sayj no j it : cannot be ; it would cause. confusion. One sun is :the- proper plan j anything else would cause disorder. Everything Beems to have been estalv lished to be permanent— to carry out His great' philosophical: economy. You agree with me, de cidedly, that these laws are tho same whatever may. bt; the ?people1 in the world; these laws are beyond their reach; Now, if the laws of nature are not dc-- pendent. on the flitting opinions of men, how can it be believed that Christ instituted laws for the soul on any such basis, when the interests of. ihe soul are so much more important than those of the philoso phical economy? One soul- is worth a million of suds ; yea, worth all the Buns that could ever escape from the fingers of the Omnipotent Creator i because the- soul has on ?itiHis- ownimage. More, it has. the Mpod-of CHriBt upon it1; andorie .dropof *Hir blood is infinite in value. As compared with the in finite value of the sonl, all that he can ever create muBt be finite. I place that programme before you( and say that if you do not believe what I am going to say to you, you cannot believe one. word of Christ. Christ addressing His Apostles said, ' As. the Father sent me so I send you.' As tho Chancellor would say to the magistrate, in our country at least, ' As the Queen appointed me chancellor, I appoint yon a magistrate.' I do not think tbat there is any man that belongs to Great Britain or -Ireland ' that would not say that that man was appoiated by the Queen. John, chap. 20, v. 21 : 'As the Father sent me I send you.' The first thing that strikes me is this sending. Was He not God like His Father ? Why does He acknowledge inferiority of being sent? Could He not come Himself? This is the language of the Holy Ghost, the inspiration of the Holy Ghost through the pen of John, and every word of the text I shall read borrows omnipotent im portance from the source whence it proceeds. 'As the Father sent me.' The Father gives him a com. mand, when one would suppose that He requires no command. He receives this command in his media torial office. Mankind having sinned, and being all sinful and cast out, how could they recover their position ? How could finite men pay ^an infinite debt? How could fallen man restore himself? He had sinned against the Father, and Heaven was bolted against him, he was excluded, a rebel, ban ished, having lost all his position. How could he recover his position ? Being in Bin he is not accep table in the sight of God. But the Son of God — beautiful phrase,— -said, Father, I know that the blood of oxen cannot please you ; therefore, I go. It is written in the head, of the book, that I shall go to do thy will. What book ? The first transaction that took place in eternity, in the records between God the Father and God the Son; in the head of that book, long, long back, in early eternity, before he did anything else, as it were, in reference to man, you and I, Father, saw in our prescience that men would fall — long before the worlds were created, millions', and trillions oif years before you took out your imperial compasses to sweep out the limits of the wide' creation. In the beginning of the book, as the first transaction of eternity, I saw that in the coming time neither the blood of oxen nor of goats would please you. I said, I, Father, your equal, will pay the debt of man. Men cannot pay it. Impos sible ; how could finity be infinity ? How could crime be sanctity? how could darkness produce light ? The banished race can never pay the debt ; but ?I-ean.-I arn-your-owntqual. From this day forward^ I offer myself as compensation for their sins, I will become a slave in their place npon the earth, I will clothe myself in their rags, I will surround my hands and limbs in their chains. The pride that man had against you I shall repay by my humilia tion. I shall be spit upon in the Hall of Pilate, and buffeted, and mocked. Man's passions, carnal appetites, have offended you. I shall cause that flesh to be put upon my bones ; I will talce up his guilty nature ; I will put it on myself; and that flesh I will cause to be scourged ; I will even bleed . it ; I will bruise it ; I will break it ; I will have it crucified ; I will kill it j I will not leave a drop of blood in it; and I will pay to you tho debt of purity hy killing on the cross the flejh with its appetites, I know that man's will is the principal cause of his misfortunes in rebelling against you, preferring to follow his own will to your imperial commands. I shall pay for the irregularities of his will by the total prostration of my own ; and from the day I shall take human nature I shall have no will but yours. I, therefore, stand before' your imperial throne with my bare head; I have no will any longer ; and I stand here at your command to be employed as you think proper in the dischaige of this all- important, omnipotent duty. I will take his flesh, his chains, his rags — all but his sins, on my bare head before you ; and I shall pay the whole debt. ' As the Father sent me, I send you.' I go at the command from my Father; I givo you what He gave me; He' sent me into tho world to preach against sin, to advocate sanctity, to publish the gospel. I send you in the same office. Then as to the authority— so far as that goes you have it. The Chancellor does not appoint the magistrate to sit on the bench, hut he gives him power circum scribed by his office. He does not givehim power to sit in the chancellor's' office, to head the twelve' judges, to make and frame the common law in' his' place; but he openly appoints the magistrate to be i a magistrate; he gives him power circumscribed to his office. ' As my Father sent me, I send you.' My Father stint me with certain duties to discharge. My bishop pot that stole on my neck. He got it from a bishop. He was consecrated by another bishop before him'; and that one by another before him. It is' like the gas lights oil Broadway. If you1 follow them up, you win soon lay your nanu on me gasometer. No man can preach unless he has got a command from God, the Father, He sent Christ to discharge -this duty, and he subdelegates the power He receives i Himself. That is what I call the commission. But ,you may say, where did these men who preaeh to you get the knowledge to discharge his iwy. John, chapter 14, verse 15 : ' All things whatsover I have i heaid from iny Father I' have made known to you.' Recollect, every word of this must be weighed in its \- atomic value. I do not like to' be speaking Greek ?. to you, but the Greek is, I will make it perfectly .known to you. You have all knowledge. You , know that warrant is from God, so far as it goes. ' The commission conies from tho Father certainly; and the knowledge comes from the Father. Was : t'liis knowledge ' got from ; school-masters ? No. From posture-masters ?' Certainly not. From the elocutionist? Not at all. They may advance the telling of the knowledge, but the whole of the ?knowledge is from above. I send you with my Own office, I give you my own knowledge ; — exquisite warrant, title. . Mark, chap. 16, v. 15 : ' Go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature.' He does not say, ' I hope you will go.' Impera tive mood — 'Go.' Wheie? Into the; whole world.- ' I command youito go and, preach 1'. He I doas'not say; ' Ihopp you'Will'-prloaoh— it wiU be* good thing to preach ;' but he commands to preach. What ? The Gospel I hav'e published. To whom ? To every creature. You have my authority fully given me by my Father. You have all the know ledge you want for the purpose given from my Father. The whole world is your diocese— the field for your labors, all mankind your congregation. What .i great thought that. ' The atmosphere sur rounds the earth and feeds every animal and every blade of grass. The sun sends us floods of light anJ caloric all over the world, fecd3 ev«y living thing,' every blade of grass. My Father speaks in the imperative mood — ' Go.' Go, therefore, in consequence of your commission and your know ledge, go into the whole world. Do not leave a corner of the earih which shall not be the scene of your labors. The boundlessness of the whole horizon alone is the terminus of your exertions. Preach the Gospel to every creature. As we say in our theological course, particularly in disputatious theology, how could I be commanded to go and ipreach to every creature unless every creature was correlatively commanded to listen to me ? Would it not be foolish to go into the whole world and preach to every creature, unless every creature is commanded to listen to me? The Church, there fore, is commanded to send missionaries all over the world. All mankind, every creature of mankind, subjects of their official duties, and all mankind, therefore, clearly called upon to listen. The man who stays at home and reads does not discharge his duty ; he i.s not listening to the official man. I do not care what he reads. He is not in the order. AVe shall presently learn that it will not do. We have now gone so far as to show the commission granted to us,' and the knowledge that is com municated. ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations.' You are to do the whole command ; you are to teach to them. Do not allow any one to teach them without your control. You are the shepherds. Allow no man to feed your lambB without your sanction. Do not ask leave of tho wolf to visit your flock. Do not ask permission of the wolf to g'» into your fold. ' Go and teach all nations, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded to you.' By this time I think everybody begins to see that these men have the Gospel in their mouths, and that all are commanded to go and learn of them. It would be absurd to go and teach all nations, unless these were called upon to learn from them; so that the command to go and teach all nations, is the same as commanding all nations to learn from them, for there cannot be teachers with out learners; they are correlative words. It may, perhaps, be said that it is possible for me to go astray.- No,I:eannot as long. aa_ 1 hold my place under the bishop, and he is in communication with the Pope. Matt, 28 ; 1,9 - ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, teaching them to observe all things whatso ever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' Go, teach them; I am not the- teacher, but I am with you while you are teaching. He does not say I am with you in the present tense ; 'I am always with yon,' not a year or two ago, but ' until the consummation of the world.' This language is ex ceedingly important. All mankind is your congre gation, and llie tenure of your office until eternity begins — until my Father seizes the pendulum of time and stops the last moment of time, and eternity begins. What has the Father ever done like that ? Compare that with the sun, the moon, and the titles. I expect that this' rule will be as far beyond the Father's natural philosophy as the soul is beyond ithebody. ; ; ? :'': , Timothy, 2 ; 7. St. Paul said to Timothy, a Bishop, ' Timothy, I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, a doctor' of the Gentiles iu faith and truth.'' He had before. listened to Christ's doctrine. T am asked did the apostles understand Christ as speaking to them? Did they comprehend him perfectly in knowing that they were appointed to this office? Yes; St. Paul said to Timothy, 'I am appointed a preacher, [to the whole world of course] and a doctor in the faith and truth.' The priests may make a mistake in politics. Probably they will, because they are not educated in politics. But they cannot make a mistake in faith. ' Iain with you.' He stands by our side. Now, I come with double force to you. You take that: Gospel and read it at home, and you have no guarantee that; you cannot go astray ; but there is guarantee that the priest from whonv you are to learn cannot go astray.' He. is with him. He is with me while I .am talking;.; You come hare tolearn, and you have ia guarantee that I oannot make a mistake. :This is the place where the guarantee is given and nowhere else. 'Timothy, my associate bishop, 1 am ap-: pointed a preacher.' Paul was appointed by Chiist, of course. 'I am appointed a doctor, too, but I am limited to faith and truth ; I am appointed .to discharge all the duties that concern faith and, truth; The Gospel, the fountain of truth, is my; !thcsis.' Paul appointed otherH, and they, others ,'again, and here we are. ' Timothy,' he said again, ' the things you hare heard from me before many witnesses, the same commend to faithlul men who will teach others also.' The Father appointed Christ, two ; Christ appointed Paul, three ; Paul appointed Timothy, four ; Timothy appointed others, five; and they appointed others; six; and here in succession down to us. S Tim., 4 ;' I : ' Timothy, I charge you before God and Jesus Christ, who shall judge the living and the dead, and I chirge you by His coming and by His kingdom, preach the Word.'1 'Preach' — imperative mood. ' Be constant, in season and out of season, reprove and rebuke, but do .it iu all pa tience.' ' I call upon you in the name of the Trinity to recollect your primal duty, \o preach.' We see now the original power ommunicated from the Father, communicated all along by the regular links of a chain. 2 Cor., 5 ; 20: ' We are, therefore, ambassadors for Christ.' We stand in- His shoes, Paul was a scholar before he was called, lie leariied how-to1 writo well before the pen of inspiration was put into his hands. ' For Christ we are ambassadors.' What a beautiful phrase. - What is an ambassador?' Tho 'representative' of the Queen or King so '? far aj1 the authority is communicated. ? ' Go to Aine'rioaj'-' the Queen said to the ambassador, ' and! represent me. You cannot declare war and make peace, but so far as I give you power plenipotentiary, you have the power of the Queen there pro tanto.'- As am bassador of Christ, we hold His place. We aru all ambassadors, exhorting as if God spoke in our mouths. So we hold the place of Christ, and onr exhortation is the language and speech of God the Father. There is no more presumption for the bishop to say that he occupies such a position than for the chancellor to say, ' I am chancellor,' for the general of thf Miiy to 6ay, 'I am commander in--rtiief,' for tl'a -ran of the navy to say, '.' I am ch''*? -.dmiral aboard this fleet.' I have the power j I «in ambassador of Christ, and God speaksjin my mouth. Turn the whole Bible through you cannot find such another document. This is the fullest document in the whole Bible. Here ib text after text, title after title, power after power — an accu mulation of titles and warrants, for fear this great case should lose any importance for want of the largest amount of accumulative evidence. Luke, 10;' 10: 'He that heareth you, hearelh Me, he that despiseth you, despiseth Me.' Now the Greek is better than the English. It Bays, ' he who hears you, hears Me,' It is not ' who under stands you, understands Me.' The Greek word, akaua, signifies what falls on the ear. So perfectly are you identified with me in my office. The mo ment your words fall upou the ear of a man, he is to take them as my words. Hearing and tinder* standing in Greek are two words, '0 dfcovaw vficbv, f/JOi a/court kcu' 6 aderuiy vjia?, f^te dderet. 6Se cpe dderau, adtrei rbv dnotreiXavra, /te' The moment your words barely fall upon the ear of a man, that moment he hears My words. He who despises you despises Me. I am so identified with you that My words are your words, and a contempt of you is a contempt of Me. St. Paul uses a beautiful text, which you will not forget. ' Faith,' he says, ' comes by hearing.' He does not say, faith comes by understanding. If you look at that text there will be found more than at first strikes the eye. Faith comes by hearing. How can a man hear unless somebody speaks to him ? Faith does not come by reading, nor by reasoning. No ; it comes from the speaking of the accredited orator. Many converts whom I met in England, when asked how they came to be con_ verted, said : We heard a great deal said against the Catholics ; we thought they were maligned ; and, knowing there were eminent men in the Church, we began to read about the Church, and we read ourselves into it; but, generally, they said they got their faith during the Benediction. Now^ I will tell yV-u;a little tale of myself. I never said a word aboui%n man's faitb. I have always written with great strength, but I have not offended a man's faith. Therefore ull classes come to hear me. I used frequently to say to clergymen wherever I went : Now, I want to talk a long time to-night ; do not let us have the Benediction. Protestants do not like to be going on their knees. They honor us with their presence; and now give it up to-night. What a fool J, was! As soon as I heard from all quarters !' I- got my faith at' the Benediction,' I said I will' take gisat' care in future to shorten what I have to say.and let the Benediction go on. . Galatiaiis,,4;.]3 : 'I preached the Gospel here toforer and! you received me as the angel of God even as Chript Jesus.' That answers all the ob jections you'? can propose. Did the Apostles understand what Christ said? Yes. But did the people understand? Yes. Gal., -1 j 13 : '' I preached the Gospel heretofore and you received me as the angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.' Now, you have the warrant given by the Father and by the Son ; you have Paul's assertion of the link coming down ; and here you have the people understanding it. The people of Galatia received him as if Christ spoke. Now, have I got out of my way ? Have I said a word too much when I said you were called upon to bear me as if Jesus Christ addressed you ? - Not from any importance of mine, but from the office I hold. What the people of Galatia did, the people of Brooklyn ought to do. We have here the Galatians proving to your face my proposition. They received Paul as the angel of God, even as- Christ Jesus. Would they not receive Timothy in the same way, and the men appointed by Timothy, wherever that Cross is seen . :Mark, 16; 16: 'Go and preach the Gospel, and he that helieveth^andis baptised shall be saved, and he that uelieveth not shall be condemned.' Here wehavei Chiist saying, ' Go and preach,' — two commandments— ?' and ho that uelieveth and is baptized '.bIi&U; be saved, and ho that believeth not shall be damned.' Do you say that if the people believe the ! Gospel in ihe mouth of this man, that they are saved, and that if they believe not they shall be' damned'? Yes. Can there be any mistake in their believing ? No. How could God -attach dam uation as a' penalty, unless they were wrong in rejec ting it? Could that faith be fallible T No; how could .eternal fire be attached to disbelieving it, if it were uncertain or erroneous ? Therefore it is a clear case that since Christ attaches eternal damnation to the man who docs! not believe my words, that my words must be as- infallible as his own existence. How. could He punish you by an eternal penalty if my words could possibly lead to error ? Hew could He attach lasting punishment iu His imperial anger for not believing my words, unleiss my words were beyond all cavil, perfectly, constitutionally/ and metaphysically infallible ? Eternal damnation, therefore, being the pcnulty attached to any one not believing my declaration, proves that my words must .be as infallible as the very throne on whiou the '? Father sits'. rYou:hear it. . Argue with me, but do not reject what I say. Am I talking anything but what is in :the Gospel ? : i Matthew, 18 ; 19 : 17 : ' He that will not hear tlio Church, let him be' as. the heathen and the publican,' If lie will not ?'Hoar- the Church I command you to look upon him as a heathen and a publican— a man of trie most atrocious bad morals. Tho man who willnpthear the Church— that sole crime constitute! lumber so. a man destitute of all religion, a man of the most degraded character. '. Matthew, 16; 'Peter, who do men say that I iarn,. They say that you ,are Christ. Blessed art ithou, .Simon :Barjuna, because neither flesh nor i bloody told -you ;that, but' my Falhar who is; in' Heaven.' Simon was his name, but after he fell everybody doubted him. Oh, they said, Peter can never be depended upon, he betrayed his master. You recollect the text. Peter, said Christ, Satan attempted to take you from Me, but I prayed that your faith shall never fail. Your name was Simon \ I now call you Peter — Petros, a rock within a rock. Peter, you will betray me, and the world will think you are a coward, and not to be depended upon ; but I want to show you I can raise a man of the moth despicable character into the moat exalted por!Ci« j of a human being. ? . I will now satisfy tht world by changing your' name. I will lift you up and call you Petros, a rock within a rock. You can never be touched by the waves that beat against the rock. You are in the rock. I am the rock. Peter, thou art Peter ; I give you the keys of all my pos sessions. I give the whole flock into your hands . feed the lambs, the little children, and feed my sheep, the parents, secondly. The whole flock, the sheep and the lambs, are under your control' and ' lo ! I am with you all the days even to the consummation of the world, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against you.' PeJer, I have given that statement to all the bishops through Paul. I said I would teach them. I am now with you particularly. I give you a promise by yourself. I give you supreme authority over the whole Church. Here are the keys of the whole kingdom of Heaven, You have all the keys and all the flock, and lo ! I am with you always to the consummation of tho world. Peter, there shall be but one fold and one shepherd, and you are the shepherd over all my flock. The oneness of faith is the same as the oneness of God. There is no change in God, end there is none in faith, God the same yesterday, to-day, and forever; the same is faith. God, one; faith, one. No other idea in the whole universality of human thought can tell you what the oneness of faith is except comparing it to the one ness and unchangeableness of God himself. ' Lo ! I am with you always, and Ihe gates of hell shall not prevail against you.' I therefore put my document out of my hand, and I a6k you is the death of Christ itself put in stronger language than that ? No. Is it oftener expressed ? No. -Is it clearer ? No. If you cannot believe that, therefore, how can you believe in the death of Christ, or His life, or resur rection ? What do you depend on for salvation ? The death of Christ. Is it clearer than the docu ment I have rend ? No, Is it fuller? No. It is one plain, legal, constitutional, didactic document Do you believe it as firmly as the Cross ? I cer tainly do. Therefore, instructed according to all this testimony, the testimony of God, the Father, the Son, and-the Holy Qhost,_you must believe me or any man in my place. It is a plain statement, clear, constitutional language. He has given to the apostles His own power in preaching and teaching; they can't go astray. St. Paul says: 'He has given some doctors, some apostles, some preachers for the building up of the body of Christ, arid for the work of the ministry, and for the perfecting of the saints until He come.' Therefore, all the doc tors, preachers, and ministers, are continually build ing up the body of Christ. You fall away and new people come in your places. When this generation dies away, there must be new mem bers. Death throws down, and He builds. I therefore submit to you — Is the death of Christ, or His resurrection, or His cross, told with a more ac cumulated evidence than the clear infallibility of the Catholic Church ? You say, certainly not You believe, then, we are infallible ? I do. Now, I conclude my argument. I call the Pope, and 1 put him in a large chair, and I say, Sir, you will please take the presidency of this meeting. Then I call all the bishops, and I put them in one large congregation before the Pope. 1 say, there is Peter, and here are Paul and the Apostles, and all the bishops of the Church. Then recollect the promise that He is with them. The Father has given a particular promise. The Father has said it, the Son has avowed it, and the Holy Ghost declares it. Now I call upon that whole assembly to tell me what is tho faith. They do ; and when they have got up a document and signed it, I believe that is infallible as surely as Christ is alive. And if you can put tbat out of my head I do not believe one word of the Book. There is not a reasonable man who when he came to the Church did not Bay there is nothing better proved, and I must either believe you or believe nothing at all. I have given you the whole document, and you can clearly see that clean royal legislation comes from the throne of Godi through. the month of Christ. It is such a palpable, clear piece of legislation, that you say when you get that document, I rest my soul upon that. The Ca tholic, the best of all men in the woild, can say, Behold, if I am wrong, Jesus Christ, I charge you with my fault, with my perdition, because you spoke so clearly, and you appointed so clearly for me to follow. If I am wrong, it is because of the clear legislation which you caused and commanded to be delivered. If I am damned, I place my damnation at your feet. No one in the world can say that but the Catholic. ... In the 16th century a certain class of men called ' Reformers' said tho .whole Catholic Church was wrong. O dear. When did it begin to bo wrong? After all this document published by Our Saviour and handed down through centuries, I do not believe they could go wrong. The document says, there shall be one fold and one shepherd. Now, if we are wrong, there was no fold at all. ' Lo 1 I am with you always until the consummation of the world.' Therefore, if the Church wero wrong for a second, . the whole promise of Christ that I'hava quoted must have been u falsehood, a fraud ; but I can no more believe that thcro is a fraud in His words than in:the Cross. But you say we went astray ? ' Certainly we can all go astray.' ' But do we all go about oapital Catholics, and get up in tho morning all wrong ? ' No, you went astray by degrees,' When ? ' About the 16th century.' Where? 'O, it is not necessary to know where; we only know you wont astray.' When did we par ticularly catch your attention as beginning to go wrong ? ' O, it is not necessary to discuss that.' On what doctrine did we go wrong? 'O, it is not necessary to know that; we compare you with. what you were in tho early history of the Church, and we see you have gone wrong.' They neither give us the time we began to go wrong, nor the place where we began to go wrong, nor the doctrine on ? which we began to go astray. It is like arraigning a man, and the witness is asked, Is that man guilty 1 'Ycb.' Killed a man? 'Yes.' Where? 'I can't tell.' When ? ' I can't tell that ; all I; know is he killed a man.' What was tho man's name?. 'I don't know that ; it is sufficient for your Lordship to know he killed somebody. I dont know the men's name, the place he killed .him, nor when he Vfi±&& him.' [Ltnghter.] If we went ? . astray anywhere, who went in our places ? Girs me a congregation of you since the beginning of tha : . world. No one ever heard of your name. Who ? was the person that set us right ? 'I don't like to ' dwell upon that subject.' Was the man that killed five wives ono of the fellows that set us right ? [Laughter.] Was another of them a man who ran with another man's wife from Germ any ? [Laughter.] Was tho man that ran away with a nun another ? Was another the man who read his reoantation from us, and then came to us and read his recantation from you, and then went back again and read his recantation from us ; and then came baok again to us j and then went back again to you 1 [Laughter.] That is what might be called a rererererecanta tion. Does any of you doubt that the names of these men are names that degrade the puge.of. history ? These are the persons who are said to be the persona appointed by God to bring back the Church to its purity ! Therefoie, we say, it won't do ; reformers, reform yourselves. Six hundred and forty-one creeds have grown out of the Reformation . Six hundred and forty must be wrong ; si*, hundred and forty-one, perhaps. Evidently that cannot be the one fold and the one shepherd. How can you account for your palpable want of uniformity t Ten Roman emperors persecuted the early Christians. It is calculated that 11,000,000 of martyrs are buried in Rome. If one wore to make a calculation, I sup pose that it would appear that ten feet thbk is the: ashes of the millions of Christians buried in that city and the environs. And from that hour to this, has not our Church been abused every hour ? We have . resisted power — not the legal power, for wo always submit to legal authority. Nations rose up against us, and we defied them. The block was brought ' forward. We smiled in the face of tho executioners. We defied the terrors of power improperly employed, against us; and we conquered nations by our mar tyrdom. We flowed on from age to age and from country to country. We wero like a mighty river that rose from an inexhaustible source. Like waters that are dammed up, the stream went up higher, and, gaining resistless power, it swept through ths, nations. Wo have never' been overthrown. Soma particular outposts have besn conquered at different times, but tho enemy never reached our central ranks. * Despite all the power levelled against us, despite all the penalties against us, for 1800 yearn, here we are as hearty as at the first day, and likely to go on to tho end of time. No matter what the kind of government, the laws of the C.iurah are placed far above its reach — far more permanent than' those framed for the body, clearly proving my first proposition, the indestructible infallibility of tho Catholic Church. . This is the first timo I have had the pleasure of meeting you ; I hope it shall not be the last. I owo a great deal to my friend, Mr. O'Neil, and I shall be happy when he honours me by a call to come to his church. I pray that on the last day, not ono of his congregation may be missing ; and that God may grant him grace to sustain him self in his arduous duties ; aim that when God calls him on the last day, not one of the congrega tion now before me may be missing from before His throne. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, aud of the Holy Ghost. 