. MORDER ON BOARD TSE . V.8. SLOOP-OF. WAR ! BROOKLYN-REVOLTING CRUELTY. . '(From the Philadelphia Newt November 20.) ' "Wt bave been placed in possession, of a letter addressed to tbs sister of George Ritter, the young-mon frota, tbs city who was. cruelly beaten to death on board the United States' gloop-of-tvar Brooklyn while lying in Kew-York Bay, oil Staten Island. That such devilish 'acts of torture should be perpetrated on boord American ships of war, in the presence of naval officers, is . a burning shanie to our country, and a disgrace to tho flag weare wont ap proudly to boast of. The letter is signed by twelve of tbe men who were eye . witnesses to the revolting spectacle, and from, it we moke ?some extraits. ? ? After breaking to a sister the death of her brother, in as ( gentle words aa a sailor's warm heart can do, the statement is, that on the 7 th of November the deceased was ordored in confinement by lieutenant Mitchell, the officer of the deck. A marine, and the ship's corporal, named Charles Cooper, seized Bitter and dragged bim to theraain hatch, when Cooper took him by tho legs and pulled him down the hold of the ship, his head striking each step of the ladder as be waa drawn down. After this, sergeant Ray, of tho Marine Guard, struck Ritter in the face with his clenched Est, several times, and then kicked hita in the face, saying "You-, if I over catch you on the beach rfl 'murder you." Bay afterwards grabbed him by tho hair, 'beat bis head against the deck three times, and then ordored Cooper to bring him a gag. Tho order was obeyed, and Cooper refused to givo Ray tho gog, saying ho would «ag him. Cooper then laid Ritter's head on the deck, face upwards, and taking tho gag in both bands, tried to force it into his month. Not succeeding in doing EO, ho raised his clenched fist and struck Ritter several times in the month. He then raised his head, and putting hil knee lo tho back of his neok, forced his jaws upward with the gag. (The gag is about four inches in circumference and a foot in length.) The gag was then tied tightly arourjd Ritter's beau, after which he was thrown against tho bulkhead, where he lay for twenty minutes, having every appearance of a corpse. Acting-sergeant Powell subsequently came in and gave orders to the sentinels not to permit any one to interfere with Ritter, or remove the gag from Lis mouth. About fifteen minutes afterward, Cooper came tn, and vron told that Bitter was suffocating. He picked him up and looked at him, and he threw bim back against the bulkhead, saying,- "JD-n bim, let him lay." A seaman shortly after this touched Bitter and found him cold, which fact Was reported to sergeant Walsh- The gag was then cut from his month, and the dead body was then taken out of the double irons and tho surgeon notified. The witnesses to the transaction were kept in double ¡rons and not allowed to appear at the coroner's inquest, or communicate with any person whatever. Cooper, one of the principal murderers, was allowed to go on shore by \- Captain Farragut, and would have escaped had not the boat's craw called to the citizens on Staten Island to arrest him, os he was a murderer. Some of the citizens desired to detain the boat's crew as witnesses, but the officer in charge gave his word of honour, as an officer aad a gentle- man, that be would return to the shore with Captain farra- gut and the same boat's crew. Tbe boat was hoisted np as soon as it reached tho ship, and the latter immediately pro- ceeded to sea. The authorities of any city at which this ship may nrrire should cause the arrest of tho parties implicated in this atrociuus murder, and the Secretary of the Hairy w.ll, we trust, so sot in the' premises as becomes an officer who cherishes any regard tor bia honour and ? the cause of liu \- mani tr- " " : : '-'". ? The lady who bas written several popularbooks under tho name ot 'Holme Lee,' is Miss Parr, a Yorkshiro ady. .'- "? - - - . . » .. - - . -»THE NEWLV-rnscovEBiD M.S. OF THE BIBU¡ nc OM MOUNT ? SINAI.:-A letter from St. Fetersburgh >aj» ; . When the German Christmas waa approaching, Pro- fessor Tiaobendorf left here for S HOD;, bat assured the Minister of Popal ar Enlightenment, of Publio Instiuo ioa as he would be called in the West, that he would return in a few months. Tte greater the sensation he i xcited here, both at court end in other circles, by bis Oriental oolleotion, tbe greater was jae jealousy and cn h al be encountered from some other quar'ers. His Sinaitio M.S. of tbe Bible, for instance, was made th» object of a literary attack, particularly when it transpired that the Imperial Government was in treaty for its purchase, and that photography was about to be employed for prodaoing a fae Bimile. One academician, in concert with others, published iii the (academical) Gazette of this - city ian article tending to impeach its age and. value. The artiole was destitute of all pa'tc Jgrapbical acumen, and of all pretensions to textual criticism. It contained' merely vague insinuations, but sufficed, on account of the organ in which it appeared, to render many sceptical, as it was desired. Tisohendorf bas now replied to this aca- demical artiole, la which he proves that the Sinaitio MS. cannot be younger than the early part of the 4th century, and bis argument) axe ? so convincing that tba beattie critic himself now writes :-"It was by no means my in- tention to throw doubts on the statement of M. Tisohen- dorf respecting the antiquity of the Biblical MS. of Mount Sinai.' Tisohendorf himself re-asserts that ' in what concerns the Bible of Sicai, I place it beyond a doubt in the first half of the 4th century.' It'must j therefore be the oldest now extant in the world. Tbe Vatican MS. can only compete with it as to tba century, perhaps, but the latter ia deficient in textual complete- ness, seeing that it wants five wbole books of tbe New Testament alone, and altogether one-sixth of tbs entire Bible. After giving bis various arguments and reasons, with numerous quotations from the Fathers in support of them, the learned professor goes on to say that in his own 7lb edition of tba New Testament the text he bas used ia con fi traed in several thousand passages by the Sinai MS. mest carefully read through and copied by himself. Finally, having already published for the Christian world 10 folio volumes, with biblical deca- ni en ts 1000 years old, be claims the fullest confidence from the publio in the arrangements to be made far the publication of this MS,, expressing his conviction not only that the original, many centuries hence, will still be regarded in this capital of the North as a Christian national treasure, bat also that, tbe editio princeps of it will be received aa a worthy monument of Imperial munificence by all among whom Christian knowledge obtains." WIIXIAM HOWITT OM GHOSTS AND SnnrrrjAusM. Mr. 'William Howitt has written to tba Critic in refer- ence to tbe " Haunted House" alluded to in the Christmas number of Diokens's All the Year Round.1 Mr. Howitt asserts that the house is still in existence at Cheshunt, and that its reputation for being haunted rests upon the testimony of a family named Chapman, who formerly resided there, and their relatives, the present Mr, and Mrs. Kean. "The theory of apparitions," continues Mr. Howitt, "maintained in all ages and by greater minds than any we can boast among us at pre- sent, is bat the lowest fringe in the sublime mantle of mystery which wraps tbe universe ; but it is still a real fringe." " Spiritualism is but a re-assertion of the primal powers and privileges of the Christian faith. It is but tho assertion ' of our charter, as immortal beings, to enter daily into communion with God and His Christ, and with those spirits which every church, however formal, professes to believe are minis tering spirits to all those who shall be heirs of salva- tion. That was the faith, of George Fox ; that has always been my faith; it is nothing ntw with me, but has, I thank God, been most consolingly confirmed by tbe striking phenomena and beautiful revelations of spiritualism. But I value more ono simple and affect- ing communication of a departed brother, yearning tb atone for past injustice end unkindness, than I do all tbe sermons that were over preoohed and the literature that was ever penned. And if we have minds amongst us yet muscular enough to grasp the faith of Luther, of Milton, of Pascal, and of Fenelon-minds whioh are not completely emasculated by the frivolities of a liter- ature of mere amusement, or rendered deaf by the mere squibs and crackers of the poor pantomime of our superficial life, they may yet feel a sense of that tender spot left often in tbemo&t; callous end secularised heart, when they think of all the souls who have gone into eternity, who would give years, aye, oyóles of their ex- istence, to carry back to those on earth words bf recon- ciliation, confessions of forgiveness, or assurances of pardon ; to wipe from the Bacred ground of life the pol- lution they bave left there to fester and' become pesti- lence, to rekindle faith in the eouta of beloved ones whioh they have darkened with worda of materialistic death. Suah minds ra o y than oorjosivo, perhaps, why the poor despised table bas become in thousands of do- mestic circles a genujno family altar, through which still flow tbe oracles of God and ' the community of saints' so continually prajed for in our oburohes.. Why, thou- sands, and tens of thousands, by means of tbis reassured and confirmed faith, care nothing for the enters and mockeries around, because they hare heavenly light in their dwellings, and the. pease of eternity in their souls/' A. SECRET CHAMBER, ARD OTBEB BI'GOVXBIES TH WE3TM1N6TEB CATIXEDRAL.-On the inner aide of the door of the chamber below the dormitory, (now tbe library) I find, says Mr. Soott, tho architect, banging from beneath the binges some pieces of white leather. They reminded me of the story of tba skins of Banes, and a friend to whom I bad shewed them, sent a piece to Mr. Quekett, of the College of Surgeons, who, I regret to say, pronounced it to be human. It is clear that the door was entirely oovered with them, both within and without. I presume, therefore, that this, too, was'a treasury j and I have a stroDg idea that it then formed a part of, and that its door was the entrance to the Tyx Chamber, and it is possible that, after the rob- bery of the chamber before alladed to, the King, finding that tbe terror of haman skins offered no security, re-mödelled the ohamter, and entrusted tba safety of bis j treasury to the less offensive, brtt more proB.io defence of massive and doubla doors, and multitudinous looks. ,1 have one more tale to tell about this ohamber of mys- tery. There is between the wall wblob carries the stairs and tho wall of the chamber itself a long and very narrow interval, just wide enough to squeeze through. When I gained access to the chamber, now more than ten .years back, on geing along this narrow orevice, I found its floor heaped ap several feet deep apparently with stones and rubbish. While standing on this heap. I was puzzled by finding it spring beneath my fert, and stooping down and clearing away a little rubbish, what waa my astonishment at finding that I was stmdiog on a largo heap of parchment rolls I It proved, however, to be lesa bf a find than 1 first hoped, for it consisted mainly of packets of ancient writs from the courts of justice, interesting only from their age, which varied,I thinW, from Edward III. to Henry VII. There were also a number of fragments lying about of littlo turned boxes of wood. An unhappy accident intervened. I happened suddenly to bo called for a few minutes from this newly-discovered Becord Office, and, forget log to look the door, a party of Westminster schoolboys got in, and, unmindful of the human skins, made free with tbe parchments. A little disturbance ensued ; a fresh padlock was shortly afterwards put to the door, and I Lave been excluded fer ten long years from my treasury, though, as I understood that the parchments had been cleared away, I soon ceased to stand disconsolate at the gate of tbis dusty Eden. While preparing the present paper, however, I again obtained admission, when, to my surprise, I found my old friend the parchment heap still where I had left it in 1819. I now examined it quietly, and succeeded in turning up a number of the little bjxes, of whioh I bad before Been tbe fragments only. They are small turned boxes of poplar, or some other soft wood, not unlike an ordinary tooth-powder box, but a little larger. The covers are sewed on with a leather or parchment thong ; and on the underside is usually written a few words describing thecon tents. On opening them I found that each contained one or more little parchment deeds, with seals affixed ; they seem all to relate to the affairs of private individuals, and their great interest ia in the earliness of their dates, which vary, so far as I have ascertained, from the time of Henry HI. to that of Edward III. They are, many of them, in a perfect state of preservation, in fact, as fresh almost as when new, and are beautifully written, and tho seals are often very good. Amongst the parchments wore lying fragments of encaustic tiles, af beautiful patterns, similar to some of thoa? in tho Chaptrr-honFe, grid the glaze so frech ns to lead one to think they had sever been trodden upon. Since writing tbe above the whole mass of parchments, &c;, has, by direction of tho Dean, been carefully removed into the Abbey Library, where they will be duly examined and cared for. The lower part of tbe heap was one mass of decay. I have no doubt that they bad in fotmer times been carefully stowed away in the space belew tbe dor- mitory stairs, but had been turned out when this was converted into a wine-cellar; 'which, by the dates of the lots of, wine chalked up over, the bins, was at least sixty Jor seventy , years back.-Builder. . A contemporary says : '-Even the Ottoman Empire begins giving its quota of Htsrary news. - Dscherdet Effendi has just published st. Constantinople the first four volumes of bis ' History of Turkey,' and tba work is reported to sell-well. Eventa are traced in theBe volumes down tor the beginning of ? tba eighteenth cen- tury." . ! 