PLE UR O-PNE TJM ON I A . TO THE JJDITOH OF THE AGE. Sib, — Two com.'-; ?'acations relative to .th* above-named disease nave appeared of late in the Farmers' Journal paper; one from Mr. Stevenson, the other from Mr. Alex. Brock. Like the latter gentleman, I am quite at a lost to understand Mr. Stevenson's motive for at all meddling with tho subject. It is evident lie is not in expectation of a ' commissionership ' himself, (and that is a pity, as lie is, without doubt, more competent to discharge the duties devolving upon tnat office than are those gentle men who have been now for some time 'booked' for it) ; he ought therefore to refrain from dis turbing the even tenor of the way of those -who arc so diligently carving out such nice and lu crative billets. But the reason why I trouble you at all, is, that Mr. Brock says : — 'Any of your readers who may be sceptical on tlie sub iect may easily satisfy themselves in the same way that is, by mixing their sound beasts with those tliat are now said to be diseased. Now, Sir, I apprehend tliis is a very rational way of satisfying all parties — the country at large, indeed. And as I am sceptical, I take Mr. Brock, and those who act with him, upon their own suggestions, subject to the following conditions : — Mr. Brock will provide, in a suitable locality, enclosed pasture, equal or superior to that my beasts enjoy here. Thereinto he shall turn six of the diseased beasts, and I shall do so likewiso with six of my proof beasts. The twelve shall graze, camp, and water together for any number of months, not exceeding seven, that Air. Brock may choose. During the whole of this ' free grass' period .the beasts shall be in charge of a man of mine, and exclusively under my super intendence ; and the Farmers' Journal will ap point and send a competent person once a week to examine the state of the mLxture, and to ro port progress. Now, Sir, I think that is a fail' proposal, and I trust Mr, Brock will aot object to it, w h» is ?well knowr. to be a gentleman of large means, and now especially that he is happily becomc smitten with such a laudable zeal for the public ?welfare. I hold, too, that tliis test, if carried out, would bo much moro satisfactory to the country than the opinion of any professor, from Dick to Davie. However, tlio whole onus of tlie Ihing lies now upon Mr. Crock, and those who co- operate with liim. I shall take nothing short of my conditions aforesaid, and shall not listen to quibbling. I shall not send my beasts to the farm where the cattlc arc now dying — mine would soon die there, too. And I shall not take the beasts that arc dying to my farm ; that would at present affect the character of my beasts, from which I derive the support of my self aud family. + In courtesy to your readers, as I am not per sonally ' acquainted' with tho disease, I pro bably ought to assign some reason for my not believing in. its contagiousness. I shall briefly give two. In 1859 (dates are rnnuived). when I visited some of the most famous cattle-breeding farms in England, the best authorities there I found to pronounce it ' an atmospheric influence,' and ridiculed the idea of contagion ; and that after making various experiments, such as vaccinating, put ting the living beast into the stall of the dead one, and feeding out of its manger, &c.; I might hero cite names of aufhorities. (better than any professor) in abundance, but shall content myself with one ; and that because^ I am aware ft letter from the same party is in ▼cry respectable hands in the colony, that will bear mc out in what I now advance. The party I will name is the well-known English farmer and cattlo breeder, Mr. Richard Stratton. That is one reason. My second reason is, that I find men in this olony in 1860 (dates again) do not believe in its contagiousness. Tliis assumption is of easy proof. The men who are now trying to crcatc offices for its extirpation, forsooth, arc busv at the same time , endeavoring to get up a ' Cattle Show' in Melbourne, a month or two hence. If they believe in the contagion, arc they justified in getting cattle collected from the neighboring districts to a show in Melbourne? If they do not believe in the contagion, are they justified in troubling Parliament for situations and salaries? And here a:;ain, I shall have 110 evasion. For if 'Mr. Boadle's imported cow, in whichthe disease first developed itself, was five months away from England beforo she got ill ; and if Mr. Hooper's cows were ten montlis un affected after the destruction of Mr. Boadle's cattle, where is the man who can say what tattle arc diseased or the reverse ? Finally, Mr. Brock gives a long list of countries (with an. etcetera, which I presume means China,) from which he can supply authorities of the liighest order. But here, un fortunately, he commits tho very same blunder that lie so severely censures in Mr. Stevenson — he wholly and inexcusably omits dates. Now, Sir, I would undertake, if it were neces sary, to supply you with authorities df the very highest ' order, from all thoso_ countries, and from as - many more too, proving that ghosts and fairies are often seen^and conversed with ; yet Mr. Michic and the present generation would still disbelieve. ROBERT M'DOUGALL. Cona, 21st August, 1860. 