THE AGAPEMONE. VICE-CHANCELLORS COURTS, JULY 25. NOTTIDGE V. PRINCE.—JUDGMENT. THIS suit was instituted by Mr. Ralph Clarke Nolltdge, oí Newton Stowmarket, in tho county of Suffolk, at the admin- istrator of his late sister, Miss Louisa Jane Nottidge, who died at the Agapemone on the 21st of August, 1858, against Mr. Henry James Prince, now the head of that establish- ment, for the purpose of obtaining the transfer from the defendant to the plaintiff of two sums of Tl)roo por Cont. Annuities, ninountiug to'gothcr to tho sum of £5728 7s. 7d,, Three per Cont. An uni lies, formerly tho property of Miss, L. J. Nottidge. The case was heard on tho 4th, 5tb, Otb, 7th,. and 8th of last month, mid tho facts and arguments were theii HO fully reported in The Times die m diem that it ls unnecessary boro to recapitulate thom. Mr. 'Malins and Mr. W. Knox Wigram wore for tho plaintiff ; Mr. Uncnn and Mr. Smnlo fur tho dofondant. .j The Vice-Chancellors' in the month of June, 1848, the defendant, Henry James Prince, obtained from Miss Louisa Jane Nottidge the transfor into his own name of two sums; making together the sum of £5728 7s. 7d.; Threo per oonf. Bank Annuities. This stock was the whole of horromiilnimT fortune awl her whole means of subsistence. The defendant claims to be entitled to retain lt for his own use as a frao gift made to him by tliii làiây. bbe died intestate in tb» year 1888. Her anther, who h tba plaintiff, lia» instituted this »ult a» ber legal personal représentative, to recover the property as her personal estate. The bill »Yera that the alleged gift to tho defendant waa obtained by misrepresentation and deception, and was made under tbe influence of a gross delusion, inoulcaled and encouraged by himself for his own purposes, when sbeiwas incompetent to manago brr own pecuniary affairs, or effectually to apply her mind to business of any description. If these allegations are sufficiently proved tho dofehdant cannot be allowed to retain the pro- perty. Where a gift is made under the influence bf delusion, or deception it cannot bo valid. Whether the doluslon or deception relates to mattera spiritual or matters temporal is immaterial, for if tho gift bo made under tho influonce of the delusion tho right of restoration ia clear. 'There ia ample evidence that the defendant exercised a powerful and undue dominion over the mind of Miss Nottidgë and his other followers'by assuming a' false oliaraoler.'. The . character which he assumed, and whicb:ha induced this ladv to believe; that be really sustained, he has himself described jn his' oross-examinatiori in the following terms ' '' '. ' ?' "' "God has developed through mo bia oounsol.arid purpose which I have made known to others. I have "declared that' the 'Holy Ghost by ma did close tba day of grabe und in-; traduce tho judgment. -.'I bavo declared and! mean that the Holy Ghost spakoby, me." To rational minds it may seem surprising that any.human' being could be found, with an' understanding so weak and degraded as to submit to the influence'and guidance of n, person who thus speaks of himself. ' Bat it appears that; the lady in question,'Miss Louisa Jane Uottidge," and three of her sisters, the daughters of a respectable oountry gentle- man of considerable fortune, submitted themselves entirely to his dictation. He says— "The Nottidges called to see me of ter they, bod heard ot my ministry."'. 'Throe' of the' Mjss Nbttidges! married; They all married after'I became acquainted with, them. They all married persons who wera associated with me, and whose opinions were,tho same,as mino.;,; I .suppose I must say they married through my instrumentality, inas- much as they married through my telling thom that it waa, tho will of God that they shon'd so marry. . «'.' Their husbands procured their money with their consent, and they gave it to me. I think they ,gave me between,' £5,000 and £6,000 oacfy or thereabouts.'^ ' These passages, from the defendant's own depositions, are only a very small part of the ovidoncc, whioh shows beyond all, doubt that, by falsely and blasphemously pretending that he had'a direct Divine mission, he imposed on these weak .women and obtained a gilt of the whole of their, fortu.ei. As to the gift of £5728 by Miss Louisa Not-, tidge, which it is the object of this . suit to set aside,, tho case is very clear. This unfortunate Indyescnped thedegra-, dation of such a marriage as had been modo the means of conveying all the money of her slater« into tho pooket of tho defendant, Her complying disposition to part with her money, under tho influence pf the defendant and at his bidding, without recourse tb marriage, is .sh'owii by this fact that he at once obtained from' her'£60 merely by writing and sending to her a'lotter in these, wordaV-"The Lord hath need of £50,: to be used for a special purpose nnto His glory. The Spirit would have this madaknown to you. Amen.'* His own definition IIB to tiie gift to bim bf .the £5728 «took . iain these terms:—"LOUÍBB, at the end of 1845, or beginning of 1846, requested me more than once to 'accept1 her money. She believed that I had special revelations upon particular subjects. She gave me,all bor, money after she came out of the'lunatic asylum.'' 'These statements from the defendant's own mouth' provo .tho case of a gift obtained hy imposing a; belief upon' "the mind of a wenkj women that be sustained a supernatural charaoter. This successful imposture was the influencing motive fortbo gift; and therefore vitiates it entirely. It is, nocdleaa to inquire or speculate whether, the,defendant .,waVhimso)f also the viotim'of his own imposture. nThe most favourable view.of ' his conduct would be that nnder the ?influence o£a' dis- ' ordered imagination, he really fancied himself to be'sunb a aupernatural being as he mado these ladies, believe.- -Even if it wore possible to-tako this.lonlont .view ,of tjie defend] ant's conduct, whop, tho questionTs'as' to.tbe validity of the gift, it SB only 'neoctsarjr to show fiat it was bestowed snde^ the influence of a delusion. A great deal of tho argument« . of council on both aides consisted in discussing the doctrina of the Court as to the, validity, of gifts obtamod under the influence of a religious br spiritual ascendancy. ' Thè'grpss ness of the imposture in the present case has put it.''far beyond mere spiritual influence. But this gift must hove been set aside as obtained under, thejnfluonce of^apjrjtual domi- nion,' even, if the false character .'assumed hy the defendant had not been a part of the case. .No person'who stands in tho ,relation of special confidence to another,: '.ko ai ' to acquire habitual influence over bis . mind,, can , aef bept any gift or benefit fr'ra the person who is under the dominion of that influonoo, without danger' of having the gift set aside. If it can ho shown that'ia infli cient.proieoiion nos won înierposeu against tne< exorcise ot this influence there may be a case to sustain'tliis gift j hut1 tho principio prevails whore thoro^exists.a'relation, which ; naturally orestes' influence 'over'the, mind. - Therefore the doctrino extends; to^the relat ion of attorney and client,..of guardian and ward, of parent and child. But there 'does not: arise from any of these relations an influence so-strong os ' that of a minister of religion over n, porsori 'under his direct. spiritual charge. . Fortunately ; .the .exalted 'character of Christian ' ministers' in this country ? makes > the ooonrl . NorÇhingloii j in ,lho case of.'« Norton; v. Rolly'' (2 lüden 286), set aside a gift made by a lady to a Dissenting minister, he noticed that such questions seldom occur.. But tho principle is clearly established in this conrt. .The strength of re ligioúsinfluoñce is far beyond that of gratitude toagnardian, ' trustee, or attorney,'and the same ground of public utility which roquircs'this Court to guard against i shell influences baa its most important application to that influence wbioh ia tho strongest. 'In Roman,Catholio oonntrics, whore spiritual influonce has ita highest dominion, publio feeling bas ro qnire4 i tho interposition of an' absoluto t and1 'imperative oheok. Tho law of'Fiance, os stated by 'M." Tuthier, absolutory prohibits not only-alb-gifts hy o penitent, to i his confessor, but all tho gifts; to,, that religious community, of which'the confessoria a member. In,tho preaont case the grossness of tho, imposturo arid '¿bp" weakness of the' ' person who 1 waa imposed 'upon inako the - right of the plaintiff very clear, It is irapossiblo to over- look ono of the results of the dooroo, which must bo mad? in favour of the plaintiff.' Ile sues aa legal personal re- presentative and when the money is restorod it will ba distri- ' buted among tho noxt of kin. , Two of tho next of kin are still under the dominion of the defendant's influenoo, and victims of his imposture. Another is Mrs. Thomas, the wife of one of tho defendant's associates, whose mar riage was effected under the defendant's influence.' The dis- graceful conduct pursued towards her isr detailed in tho evi- dence. It is needless now to consider what hor rights are as one of the next of kin. When ,tbe money is restorod; to the plaintiff as legal personal representative there will bb sufficient means of asserting tho rights of all tho noxt of kin. In tho meantime tho dilly of tho Court is tb doblare' that, tba transfer into tho nemo of the defendant'of tho several sams of stock montionod in tho bifywos improperly obtained and must bo set aside. '. Tt)0 stock must, be 'trans- ferred to the plaintiff as legal personal representativo of Miss Louisa J. Nottidge, and, all the dividends which have accrued due on it since her death paid to the plaintiff.' The defendant must pay to the plaintiff all the costs of the suit. 