A REMARKABLE CASE. THE SUPPOSED MURDERERS PROVED INNOCENT. The following case of a conviction for murder whilo the parties were in fact innocent, and no murder had beon committed, is one of the most remarkable in tho history of the world. h . It háppenod, as will bo learned on a perusal of it, in Vermont, in 1810; and its singular de- nouement' excited extraordinary attention at tho time. We invite for it a careful perusal : . Mr.'Barna Boom and his aged partner were respectable inhabitants of Manchester, in tho State of 'Vermont. They were the parents of a son and two' daughters beside the unhappy Bio|>u¿u. onj .TOQOO, wHo-fis>»»v> lu - tito story we are about to narrate. . ! Sally, ono ,of tho'daughters, ; became tho wife of Russol Colvin, by whom she became-tho mothor of several children; all of which wero ' dispersed among their relatives, owing to tho mental- derangement^ of .their fathoiy which ren- dered him incapable .of ? attending to their family'concerns, und of .providing for them a necessary support. 1 Mr. Colvin was in tho habit of frequently; absenting himself, without giving any previous information, and rambling in. various parts- of the country. At- one time hè: was absent as long as'nine or ton months, after which he was found in the State of Rhode Island. Aboii.t'clovon yours after [his marriage to-Misa Boorolite, was again missing ¡ which", at'the time, caused little or no: alarm, as it was ex- pected ho would roi arni ns on former occasions. But aflora tap.se ol' savernl yonrs, nothing having boen Jioatd ol' him, 'surmises wero clroulatod that ho had licon murdered ; and suspicion rested oh his broiluira-in-law'.Stcphen and. Josse Doom, as hia lumtlorers. . This suspicion was. created by a reference to the frequent alterca- tion» that lind taken plncö between Colvin and tho Booms tirevinnH to tho disappearance bf.tho .fprmcr; .anet to KOIIIO unguarded expression of Hie laiter, afterwards, intimating'that Colvin was dead; and hy their occasionally Chowing somo signs of ooihuunction. A Mw Boorn, uuelo to Stophon and Jesse, a , gentleman, of rospootubility «nfl unimpooohablo character, droamod thi>t Russell Colvin came to lita hodside^and told.him that ho»h'nd been mur- dered, imd he must follow hit«, and he would lend him to tho spot where ho-was buried. Tliis was repeated th reo timos. Tho deposit was a' ?place talked of provious to tho dream, which was where a house hud formerly stood, and under it was a hole about four feet square, which was maila for tho purpose of burying potatoes, and than filled up. This pit was oponed," tind nothing discovered, but a large lin ¡io, aponlmi'o, and a hutton. Mrs. Colvin anterior to their hoing presented to her, de- scribed ,them accurately, and on seeing thom said they belonged to her husband, excepting tho sniallknife. A lud wn king from Mr. llama Boom's, at a smull dlsinnco, willi hin dog, a hollow stump standing near tho pu'li, ongugod thc attention of thc spaniol, which ran^oAtho plnoo aiid back nt>ain,-80voral times, lifting up hU feot on tho boy, with whining notes, us though to draw tho ultcntion ofilia littles mns'er to tho [»luce ; which had tho effect. A cluster of hones wero drawn from thc roots tif tho slump, by tho dog's paws. "Further examination wno made, and in the eivviiy of tho stump woro found two too-nails, to pppeiirnnce belonging to _woro discovered in n crumblod state, which, to appearance hal passed th.angil tho firo.,It was now concluded by many that sumo fr/.gmonla of tho body of Russell Colville woro found. Tho duster of bones woro brought before tho Court of Inquiry. They woro oxiunined by a number of physloian*, who thought thom to bo human ; ono of tho profosaioii, howovor, thought othor wiso.-A Mr. Salisbury,'about four ybnra pre- vious, had his lug ntnptittiicd, which was burled at tho diatnnooof four or flvo milos.- Tho limb was dug up, and, hy comparing,, it was univer- sally determined that the bonos woro not human. fTowovor, it was door that tho nails woro hu iniin, and 'so appeared, to all beholders. Tho bonos woro' in a tlcgroo pulvoritsod, but, some pieces- were ;in - a .tolerable - state - ol< preservation. . Suspicion» were excited. tbat the .'body was burnt, and;;;, some . parti not consumed, cast into. the stump, and other bones put among, them, forífleceptiDD.' Some time after the'.departure of Colvin,' a barn be- longing to Mr. Barna Boorn was consumed by fire, accidentally ; it.wds eonjeclured that the. body was taken up and. concealed under the barn, and moally consumed. About that time a log heap was consumed by the Booms, near the place, whore tho body was supposed to be deposited, it was though: by some that it was consumed therf. Tba Bubject occupied the attention of almost every mind in the neighbourhood. It seemed as if tho age of ghosts and hobgoblins had revived, and that every house was haunted by the ghost of Colvin. At length the murdered Colvin ac- tually appeared, in a dream, to a connection of Booms, and declared that he had been mur- dered by them, and pointed out the place where he was buried. Upon this miraculous re vela linn, all tho human passions were called into operation. Everybody rushed forth to behold the bones of Colvin. The valleys poured forth groups of wondering men and women, not a few ; the mountaineers descended from the rugged sides of the mountains to gaze, with trembling awe. and quivering solicitude, upon tho bones of Colvin 1 Timid females and men who think and act like timid females, un- doubtedly, from tho effects of disturbed ima-, ginations, saw the ghost of Colvin fliting across the declivities of the mountains, or walking with solemn step around the ; fields. Ab, all was consternation. Every - mouth was ready to exclaim-Murder! murder I Previous to the general excitement, Stephen Boorn, with his family, moved to Denmark, county of Lewis, in the State of New York, about two hundred miles from tho place of his nativity, whore they were comfortably settled, while Jesse remained in Manchester, where he was arrested and frequently brought before a court of inquiry. He at first boldly asserted his innocence, but after several days'confine- ment, and every art made use of to induce him to criminate himself and his brother, and being told that a confession ' would probably be the means of obtaining his liberty, as strange aiad unaccountable as it may appear, he did confess that his brother Stephen had told him that he (Stephen) had given Colvin a blow, and laid him aside where no ono could find him. Upon this the authority issued a warrant to apprehend Stephen. Captain Tru- man Hill, grand juryman for the town of Man- chester, Squire Baymond, and Mr. R, Ander- son, set out for Denmark, and arrived there in three days. They called on Mr. Eleozer S. Sylvester, inn keeper, who in the night, together with a Mr. Orange Clark and Mr. Hooper, belonging to the town, accompanied them lo the house of the supposed criminal. Mr. Olark went in first, and began some conversation> about . temporal concerns 1 tho others surrounded tho houso, and he was easily taken. The surprise and distress of Mrs. Boorn on this occasion are bot easily described ; they excited tho" com-, passion of those who had come to take away her husband, and they made her somo presents. Tho prisoner was put in irons and' brought to Manchester. Ho peremptorily as- serted his innocence, and declared that he knew nothing about tho murder of his brother in-law. The prisoners were kept apart for a time, and assigned to separate cells; Nothing mater'nl tronapivsdl'-nu confined in one room. Stephen denied tho evidence brought against him by Jessie, and treated him with severity. Both tho "prisoners were repeatedly admonished to pay the strictest: regard to truth. Many days were takon up in public examinations of the reputed criminals.. Circumstantial evidence was brought. forward which was much against them, and they were bound ovor to wait their trial at tho sitting of tho. Supremo Court, to be held at Manchester, lon the third Tuesday of September, 1810.' Josse Boom, after an interview with his brother, j denied that Stephen ever told bini that he killed Colvin, and that what ho reported about him' was fake.. Por some time they both continued to assort'their innocence ; but being told that .'they would undoubtedly bo convicted upon tho ! testimony already against them, and hopes of pardon being held out if they would confess the' crime, nt last Stephen wrote a statement of what ho said wore mets,, in which ho . acknow- ledged; he killed Colvin, deposited bim in the place'where the knife and button were found; that ho took tho bonos from .tba t plaoe and put them undor his father's barn, which was soon after burned, and-'- the body principally con- sumed. \ ' A person in gaol*with them, for perjury, tes- tified to a full confession of tho murder, made - to him by Stephen, and Jesse, o .nd it was so art- fully framed, so corroborated1 by other facts, that it had groat .weight witti the court and jury, though it was- wholly fa'ise. But- he had his ond answored-he got ball by this means, and wont off. ' ' During tho interval, the prisoners-wore fre- quently "visited by the Rev. Mr. Haynes, in his official capacity ; but they did not discovor-. any symptoms of compunction, persisting io. declaring their , innocence, with appeals to Heaven. Stephen,1 par- ticularly, afc. times appoarod absorbed in passion andtimpaiienco. Ono day Mr. Haynes introduced tho oxomplo of Christ under suffer-, ings, as a pattern worthy of imitation ; he ex- claimed, "lam us innocent as-Jesus Christ I1' for which extravagant expression ho was re- proved ; heroplied, " I don't mean that I am guiltless as he was, I know I nm a great sinner- ; but 1 am aa innocent of killing Colvin as-ho was." Tho court sat in Septembor, ond a judloious and impressivo oh argo was given to tho grand jury by his honor Judgo Doolittle, and a bill was presented against Stepben and Jesse Boora ; but as it was not a full court, the trlalco'uld not commonce.'. Tho court was accordingly [adjourned to tho aoth of October, 1810. It was with* much dim cutty that a jury was obtained. But few oould ho found who had not expressed their' opinion against tho prisoners. Tho Honorable Judgo Skinnor and Mr, L. Sargeant were oounsol for tho prisoners. Mr.,C. .Sheldon was omployod, I in hohálf of tho Stato. Tho counsel on both sidos dlsplayod ranch r.onl and ability. Tho trial commonced on Tuesday, tho 87th day of I October, and continuad until the Saturday night following. An Indictment was prcsontod, containing a . charge against Stophen and JOBSO Boorn for tho murder of Russell Colvin, to willoh thoy pleaded " Not guilty." The oconsion oxoitod unoommoh iutórost. Six hundred pooplo at- tended oneil day during tho trial. 1 Boforo tho introduction of any tostimony, Mr. Skinnor m «do a motion that, ns tho pri sonora had ploaded Boverolly Not guilty," they might bo allowed sepáralo trials. .. -. . ? j . The Court ruled -that S'.ephen and "Jesse Boom should be jointly tried , for the murder of Russell Colvin. .' .. . ' ? ; About fifty witnesses, were successively exam-' ined ; but as they 'were only corroborative of each other, all tending" to. provo "the leading facts, and too voluminous for this brief sketch, none but the principal testimony will here bo introduced. Thomas Johnson, being sworn, said-I was a neighbour to the Booms and Colvin ; in tho early part of the month of May, seven years ago last spring, I saw one morning Stophen Boorn, Jesse . Boorn, Russell Colvin, picking up stones ; they appeared to be in a quarrel ; I had a full view of them, although they could not see mo. JL nave never seen Hussen since; Stephen said he was not in the field picking stor.es at the time Colvin went off, but that be went off at that time ; Jesse, while in prison, told mo that he was assisting in shoeing a horse when Colvin went off ; Stephen said the woodchuck they had for dinner the day Colvin went off was killed by him when mending a fence for Air. Hammond. Having purchased tho land where this quarrel took place, the children found and brought home an old mouldy, rotten bat ; I knew it to be the hat of Russell Colvin ; in the cellar hole stood a thrifty apple tree, about three feet high, which was taken away the season after I noticed it. Lewis Colvin (son of Russell Colvin) said that at the time Colvin went off he was picking stones with him and Stephen and Jesse Boora ; that a quarrel arose between Stephen and Col- vin; that Colvin struck Stephen first ; that Stephen knocked Colvin down with a club, and that he (the witness) ran away, and saw no blood; that Stephen told him not to tell that he struck Colvin, and that he has never seen Col- j vin since. Truman Hall stated that he had the keys of the prison in which the Booms were impris- oned ; that he exhorted Jesse to tell the truth, and that if he told a falsehood it would increase his trouble; that he confessed that he was afraid that Stephen had murdered Colvin, and that be believed he knew very near where the body was buried ; that when the knife and the bat of Colvin were shewn him, he was much agitated. He said he urged Jesse to confess nothing but the truth. Sally Colvin, wife of Russell Colvin, and sister to the Booms, stated that about four years previous, Stephen said he knew that Col- vin was dead. Daniel D. Baldwin and Mrs. Baldwin, to the same effect, said that about-three years before, Stephen told them thut Colvin went off in a strange manner into the woods, at the time he (Jesse Colvin) and Lewis were picking up stones that Lewis had gone for drink, and when he asked them where Colvin was gone, one answered, "Gone to-hell;" the other, «. that they had put him where potatoes would not freeze." ? ,"? Numerous witnesses testified to the contra- dictory declaration of the-Booms in regard to tho disappearance or death' of Colvin ; but the testimony of Silas Merrill, to the confession of Jesse Booro,, was perhaps . the most extraor- dinary feature'of the trial. He testified that as Jesse was returned to prison from time to time from * the Court of In- quiry, that he had boon* urged to con ¡fess ; that one night, in the prison, they got up, .and Jesse said that Stephen knocked Colvin down twice, broke his skull, and the blood ilXlloViod. lYllt Í .t.Vlft* Kio feil»»»- o»iuc tltt?rti - several times, ands said "d-n him ;" that all throe of them took1 the body and put it into tho old'cellar, where father cut hts throat; that he knew, tho jack-knife to bo Colvin's;:that Ste- phen wore Colvin's shoos ; that about a year and a half after they took the bones up, .put them under a barn that was burned, then pounded them'up and flung them into the river; father put some of them into an old stump,.ito. Much evidence was introduced which was rejected by the Court as being ir irevelenr. The case-was given to.tho;Jury, after a short, judicious, and impressive charge by his Honor, J udge Doolittle, whioh'was followed by. a lengthy and appropri- ate one-by the Honorablo Judge Chase.. The jury retired, and within about, ono hour re- turned ; and, in compliance with a request of Mr., Skinner, they were severally inquired of whoiher they had agreed upon a verdiot ; and each agreed that they had found both of tho prisoners guilty of the-murder charged against then*;. Tho verdict was then publicly read by the clork. After a short recess, his Honor, Judge Chase, with the most tender and sympa- thetic emotion, whichello was unable to sup- press, pronounced tho awful sentence, that tho criminals be remanded'back to prison, and that on the 28 th day of January, between the honrs of IO and 2 o'clock, they should be hung by tho neck till they were dead ! praying the Bord to huvo mercy on their souls. None can express the confusion and anguish into which tho prisoners wore cast on .hearing their doom. They requested, by their oounsel, liberty to speak, which was granted. In sighs,and broken accents they asserted their, innocence. The convulsion of nature attending Stephen was so great as to render, him unable to walk, but ho , wns supported by. others and carried to prison. ;The compassion of- somo was excited, espe- cially towards Jesse, which inclined-thorn im ?mediatoty to sond>a petition to tho Legislature, then Bitting at Montpelier, praying- that the punishment of* tho criminals might bo com- muted to thatofimprisonmont for life. But few, however, sign ed tho petition in favourof Stephen. Tho Assembly spent several days on tho subjaor,, , and . finally granted tho j request of Jesse, yens 104, nays 31. Tho .request of< Stophen was negatived in the House, yuna Aft, noys 97. Tho- decision of tho Assembly was brought to Manchester by his Excellency,., Gov. Galusho, and immediately communicated to tho prisoners» Josse received tho nows With peculiar satisfaction, while Stephen was. greatly depressed, being wholly loft without hope, Josse- lamented that his brother could not share the same comparative blessing with him, and that they could not bo fellow-prlsonors together. Little did these brothers think that tho fate of Stophen would terminate moro favourably than that of Josse, and bo tho causo of a more speedy deliverance. "Pis often tho ease, that tho darkest dispensa- tions of Providonco aro prosages* of tho rising morning. This should toaoh us always to trust in tho Lord, and consider that although clouds and darkness aro around about us, jus. . tico and judgment are tho habitation of His throne. On tho 90th day of Ootobor, Jesse took a final farewell of his brother, of his friends and fivmllyint Manohostor, and was carried to tho State Prison nt Windsor, exporting to spend tho roraaindor of his Ufo thwro. Nono can express tho molanoholy situation of Stephen, the poor prisoner, separated from wifo and ohiUUon, paronts and friends,, under »bo son "tenca' bf *3éâtH, wUHqUt hope.~ Uri "Haynes visited him frequently with sympathy and ßriof, anet endeavoured to turn his mind on the things o( another world; tolling him that, OH all .human things had failed, he must look to God,. as the only way of doliverence. Ho advised him to read the Holy Scriptures, to which he con sèntetl, if he could be allowed a candle, as his coll was dark. This request was granted; and he was often found .read- ing, being at times calm, and again impatient, The interview of Mr. Haynes with him a few days bofore the news came that it was likely that Colvin was alive, was very affecting. One day ho said to Mr. Haynes, "I see ho way but I must die J everything works against mo ; but I am an innocent man; this you will know after I am dead." He burst into a flood of tears, and said, " What will become of ray poor vrifo and children ? they aro in needy circum- stances, nnd I love them better than life itself." Mr. Haynes told him that God would take care of them. Ho repl ied, " I don't wont to die. I vfish they would lot me live, oven in this situa- tion, somo time longer ; perhaps something will take placo that - will convince the people that I am innocent." Mr. Haynes was about to leavo tho prison, when he said, "Will you pray with mo?" He arose with his heavy chains on his. arms and legs, being also chained down to the floor, and stood on his foot during prayer, with deep and bitter signings. Mr. Taber Chadwick, of Shrewsbury, Mon- mouth county, N. J., brother-in-law of Mr. William Pülhamus, of Dover, in tho same State, where Colvin had lived, eyer since April, .1813, seeing the account of' the trial of the Booms at Manchester, wrote .that Colvin was still alive, and with his brother-in-law Poihamus, in Dover, forty miles from Shrewsbury. When the letter came to town, evory one was struck with consternation. A few partly be- lieved, but the main doubted. " It cannot be that Colvin is still alive," was the general cry. Hr. Chadwick's letter was carried to the prison, and read to Stephen ; the news was so overwhelming, that, to uso his own language, "nature could scarcely sustain the shock ;" but as there was some doubt as to the truth of this report, it tended to prevent an immediate dissolution. Ho observed that he " believed, had Colvin then made his appear- ance, it would have caused immediate death ; even now a faintness was created, that was painful to endure" Soon a letter was re- ceived from New York, stating that the man who was supposed to be murdered was probably still alive, and that Mr. Whelply, formerly of Manchester, and who was intimately acquainted with Colvin, had actually gono to New Jersey in quest of him. Thus there was increasing j evidence in confirmation of the letter. As soon as Mr, Whelply had returned to j New York, he immediately wroto that ho "had Colvin with him." A New York paper an- nounced his arrival also, and that ho would soon set out for Vermontr Notwithstanding all thia many gave no- credit to the report, but considered it a mero deception. Large bets wore made. Colvin wa3-unwilling to return to Vermont with Mr. Whelply, who was obliged to have recourse to stratagem. A youngwoman of Colvin's acquaintance agreed to accompany him, pretending that she only de- signed a-visit to New York. While there she, was missing, which excitod some uneasiness in the1 mind of tho oxilo. While Ray- ing a lew aays at New York, to prevent his returning;- Mr. Whelply told luna-there wore British men-of-war lying in tho harbour, and unless he'kept within doors ho would be kidnapped. This had the desired effect. Colvin, when ho set out fer Manchester, concluded'that ho was on his way home to New Jersey, and neyer perceived tho deception until he came to-Bennington, where lie arrived on the 22nd of Becembor, and saw-many people with whom he had formerly been acquainted ; which j filled him'with surprise. The County Court hoing then in session^ all I were filled4 with astonishment and surprise. The court suspended business for some hours, to geze upon one who, in a sense had been i dead, and was alive again. Many who- . formerly knew him, then Baw that theres could bo no - deception ; delvin could calb many of thom by name. Toward evening, tho-same day, he came to Manchester : notico being givon that bo was at hand, a cry was heard,,"Colvin ha8 coma l" , The stage was driven swiftly, and a signal extended; it was all bustle and confusion. The stage ste ppod at Captain Blnoks.inn. The village was all alive ; all wero running to obtain sight of a man who they had no doubt was dead-,.and had come, as a.kind of saviour, to ono who was devoted-to the gibbet.. Some, Uko Thomas, would not be- lieve : without tangible evidence. People ga- thered around him with such eagerness as to xendor it impossible to press through tho -crowd, or< obtain a sight of* him. Almost all Iiis old acquaintances he oould recognise, and call them by . name. Sevoral guns were discharged for joy; people ron to different-parts of the town to give notice. The prison door was unbolted, the news proclaimed to'. Stephon that Colvin had oomel Tho welcome recoption givon it by tho joyful prisoner, noed not bo mentioned. The chains on his arms wera' takent off, while those on his legs, remained being-impatient for an interviow with him. who had come to bring salvation, they met. Colvin gazed* ripon tho chains, and asked, " What is that for r " Stephon answerodi,. " Because they soy I murdered you." Colvin replied*. "You never hurt me." Stephen's wife anet friends, and people from, ovory part of tho town, wero col looted. Joy and gladness sat on every coun- tenance. Many ohouts of rejoicing were hoard, together with the discharge of cannon. Tho news having been spread that Colvin i had como to Manchester, tho next day there was a largo collection from, thc neighbouring towns,.who met to behold tho returned exile, and to : ojcpress their high satisfaction on tho ocoasion. Scarcely over was soon moro ex- ultation and tendor sympathy on any occasion., Not less than fifty cannons nero discharged, and at a seasonable hour thoy returned to then* places of abodo. Mrs. Colvin carno to seo her* husband, but ho toole but little no tico of her, intimating that she did not belong to him. Sumo of his children came to seo him, of whom ho nppoared somewhat fond. He won dorod how thoy carno th oro, as ho said " ho loft thom in Jersoy, and must tak'o thom baok." Ho fanolod that ho was tho owner of tho farm be- longing to Mr. PolharauB, in Dover; talked rauoh about his property thoro. It was observed, by thoso who formerly know him, that his men- tal derangement was much groator than when ho loft Manchester. Many things that took placo years before ho could recollect with accuracy, and describe with ,a dogroo of pro- priety. Ho discovered a. placid and hnrailoss disposition, * i tóer f»mUy .yßtb, w¿onvbe resided in; Now Jprsey, celng fóbd-of him, wished him tu,roturn ond spend ; seemed ; very desirous: ,i Accordingly,' oh the' SO th of ..Decemhér',he sot but from Manchester with Mr. Whelply for Now York,-who engaged to convey him from thence'to'his former .habita- tion in New Jersey, haying received remunerar tion from tho town bf Manchester for that pur- pose. Stephen was restored to his family, and Jesse was liberated as soon as circumstances would admit. 