MISCELLANEOUS. The ENGINEER-IN-CHIEF, Mr Higinbottam ar rived in Sandhurst on Wednesday, and has already commenced his inspection of the various Railway Works. . . . The Farmers in the Indigo district appear to be sadly in want of a flour mill, as within the last two years great additions have been made in that locality to the quantity of land under cultivation. A LiO.NOEJTON naDer aavii tlmt tv-« m ? i ? minister at Westbury has ..recently married three couples whoae united agea amount to the remarkable total of 303'yeara. Only one of the parties was uadec dO yeara, and all the bridegrooms were bachelors. Tub Polioe Coubt and Munioipal Chambers about to be erected in Ballaarat Wett, it is aaid, cost some thing like L4000, and are to be oompleted by next December, under a penalty of L« for every dov beyond tho etipulated time. The Uhportdkate Dbiteb who waa prcoipitat8d down a shalt at Billaarat the other day in company with his horse, a hearse and the dead body of a Chinaman, is according to the £allaarat Star re covering from the effect3 of the fall. ' Some Houkds, which were shipped from Knoland on the 22nd of Maroh, for tha use of the Ballaarat Hont Olub, are daily expected to arrive ; and their advent is looked forward to as the initiation of a new era in the sporting chronicles of the district. The abrival of the ship Atalanta at the Heads on Wednesday, with between threa and four hundred immigrants, affoida room foe muoh speculation aa to what is to be dono to . give employ ment to eight Hundred more hands in the present depressed state of the labor market. TWM Rnn.TPfTP t\t fkft !nnl.,../i «. ? 1 r. ... ? — - ? .*? wmw *\,\,vuit? tiuuuuuceu ior tins evening by tbe Committee of the Mechanics' Insti tute, la a reading from Shalispeare's ' Othello ' l»y Mr James Bobertson. The next lecture to be deli V,f£d b.l nlt Miolli'J &t; tUe same institution will be The Philosophy of Ghosts and Witohcraft.'' A deputation will wait upon the Commissioner of Lands and Survey at noon to-day, relative to the desire of the Caulfield District Board to obtain con- trol of two reserves within the Caulfield road district, known as "Paddy's Swamp," and "Leman's Swamp", with a view of converting them into per- manent reserves. The First Number of a new weekly journal under the name of the Ovens Chronicle was published in Boechworth on Saturday last. A local contemporary Bpeakiug of it states that the information for itsi columns is compiled prin=ipally from the Constitution but it has, nevertheless, eoine original matter. TUa priuting department stamps the publication with beine got up with care, and the information i8 Well classified. ' Rome Usder the Popes'^K form the suWect of a lecture, to be delivered WVi Francis' Hall on Monday next, the 4th inst., at haif-past aaven o'clock by the ltev. J. H. Dale, who propwes illustrating his address with some dissolving scenery, accompanied by music. Tho subjeor, comprising, as it does, ono' of the most interesting periods of tha history of tho ttoraan Umpire, possesses in itself, if ably treated suf ficient to arrest the attention of the most fastidious audience. Tub Hounds of tbe Western Huat will meet at sight am. to-morrow, at Wiggins' Bock's Held Hotel, Bellerine. We leirn from tho OcelonftAd* vcrtinr that, owing to the illneaa of tho huntsman the pack will be under the charge of tho vouug whip Jack Holly, mounted on the big groy, wrTo has been clipped for tiio occasion. As some reaideuta of the district havo guaranteed n cputfdy and suro find, a good day's spurt may be anticipated. Breakfast over sharp will be thu word, so that laggards may expeat no grace, r A Lecture on ' The Present Age 'wan given in the large room at thn rear of the Railway Ilotel, Fooln oray, on Wednesday eveniug hst, by Mr J. F. Hunt-. B.A., in aid of the Mechanics' Institute at t'mt place. The chair waa occupied by Mr C. Gordon, J. I1., aud tbe attendance wai numerous Tha friends of Mr Hunt received ao mucb gratification from tbe able manner in which that gentleman treated tbe subject that they bave thought it advisable to publish the lecture. It may not bo out uf place to notijo that a concert will b* held in tbe same building, also in ni-l of the Iostitate, upon Thursday next, tho 7th inst., and that a train will be laid on for.' the npecial acco tnojation of visitors from Melbourne. 