.LOCAL INTELLIGENCE.., BEE-HIVE ASSOCIATION.;—For some time past : a parly of -men have been, employed in a drive from the bottom of the engine shaft, and on Saturday last the perseverance-of the Manager was Tewarded by a solid and good looking reef being struck to the eastward; the face only is at present comeatabie, but so eoon as the necessary breaking -down has been completed; the reef will be'thoroughly tried, aud we trust successfiilly. The depth, is 218 feet. PfiKSEVKEASCB AssocutTiOK. — The returns, were -last week upwards of 20 ozs, with 8 stamps, at work;, the erection of the others is progressing rapidly, the'contiactobfor the drive north and -east, commenced yesterday morning,.and the formation of the large dam is Wing carried, on with Bafisfact^ry despatch. . •Ei.oiB HA.WK AssDOfA-TiON.—The two axles for the 'stamping machinery have arrived, aud aire pronounced-by i competent ,judges to be superb ^jedmens of J(3astiemaiu&'eastings; tiiese : are the most 'lessential JiJrtaO^sOf the required j6ia£lyn^y, and. the ,Board hope, that ip less than ^the time «pe«fied stamping and -causey .^ommeDce.• w.-w "ODWD.—The corpse of the unfortunate mart Raines ( dipwned in the Loddon last week j^foupd'on Sunday.; - Yesterday an inquesjt was hel^, and a verdict in accordance with the factB returned. A LABOE AIRO Vicrona IGUANA- Mr. 'Wtitson the.'siiine ;genflemaii who last week kilkul one of these reptiies of an extraordinary eiz% Miu Sitturday: caught one measuring five f^et jtwo inches. It has' a' iniist formidable setlof 1 t&th; aud;- -bit throuigh the four parts of a -thick feU hat and by dint of cheer strength drag5ed histor mentor several feet. • The creature being in-" 'gerous to keep was given' t0 Mr.. Stratford wjio either has or will cook it for eating as a dainty morsel " "' ' "' '""'" ! ACCIDENT.—On Friday last a miner named Charles Leonards of Welshman's Reef met wijth a rather serious' accident, he was at work in t|ie bottom i>f a shaft and by some nhe£|<laiiied. I cause, a large piece of quartz fell down from the top crushing fearfully the thntnb of his right i hand, he seems to be most unfortuiiate, it not being many 1 weeks since he recovered from a similar accident by which the entire hand was much mutilate). He immediately came in with amend'to Dr. Mason's and the wound was dressed; but there is great danger of gangrenous -inflxmaition setting in, in Which case ^ ^he^^da^^i^ttvs for;the.ihiimb Stp, be amputated.-' . .' •, . ' . .Accn>$NZ ur-IiOKG tGoxxx.^^Early-ob Satuiday Morning, as Mr. W."Manual, nephew ofthe Amalgamating machine Patentee, was adjusting. the cog wheels of the machine, his right' hand became entrapped in. the ^x>gs "whereby three fingers, were instantly crushed, to the bone, the sufferer at the same time losing a great quantity^of the vital fluid, Dr. Mason, however, has great hopes of-saving the fingers, in which cordially join. . • UNION Asssuuxiosr.—Last week 45 ounces was the relurn of gold. Tbe darns are- being enlarged, many inen are employed in opening up the ground, and an air of renewed satisfaction prevades the- ilaldon shareholders—there confidence"^ sufficiently shown in the fact that all the recently -created five thousand shares will be taken up by shareholders. THE CASILEM&IXE; EcBcrrofr.—So the country is again to be" put to the expmeof^a ]>oH to suit crack-brained buffoonery. Mr.- William Aberdeen- aspires to be made "honorable" by the hands of the Casdemaine electors. If Chapman had not been returned,:we should have' some faith in the cominoh sense of "Castlemaniacs," and say Aberdeen had not tbe ghost ofa-diance,but itis now hard, to imagine what such a constituency will a not' do. Let them return Aberdeen, and that coming so soon after the Chapman farce, should be sufficient to disfranchise the Electors. . GBOG LEAGUE.—A League has been started iii Maldon having for its purpose " Agitation for a repeal of the licensing laws." The members -pledge, themselves not to ^support any candidate for legislative honors who will not pledge himself to support their views. A large number of names are already down and we have no doubt that seven' eighths of the population will do likewise. We beg to warn all whom it may concern, that, it is rumoured steps are about to be taken by tbe police to seize all grog over two gallons.found on the premises of unlicensed persons. We can hardly imagine that Government will be-ridiculous enough 'to incur the risk of bringing the bid days of Ballarat riots back again, but we give the rumour as it has readied us. ALLUVIAL—As some sligtit proiif of the fact that the men who' are ^content to remaiu and work steadily at Old Sandy. Creek do get more than mere wages, may be mentioned, that O'Connor, an old resident, last week got a nice little nugget from the old ground, which was found to weigh ozs. It was taken from near Edesou's, find wc understand was sold at Mackenzie's store. '• HM^SMHC unkind fellow^,,last week, perpretrated what was intended to bo a joke on a gentleman who has -recently held a high office in Maldon,'and : who has in thj kindest and .most disinterested mamier taken a deal of trouble towards the formation of a Voluntee r Corps in Maldon, the other day he received, as per Cobb's coach, a parcel endorsed " with CoL Pitt's compliments ;" with pardonable elation the gentleman quickly tore open the parcel, and found —a penny trumpet and a pop-gun.— Where's the joke? \- :BEOWBEATING A >Wirir£ss.—At the Police Court yesterday a vritiiess named Adamson was giving evidence in a grog selling" case and we are reluctantly compelled to state that the conduct of the Police Magistrate was, to say the least, strange.' In other cases the policemen often fenced questions and were but lightly, rebuked, but this -witness who gave his evidence in a remarkably clear manner and merely hesitated when asked absurd questions, was threatened, in a very hot tone, with committal, in fact the magistrate jseemad to constitne himself Crown Prosecutor, although Sergeant O'Brifenwas 3 evidently quite 1st lu>me iii the latter.offi.ee. » " , ' , , , IRAILWAY EJCEEKEION.—As will be seen 'by our Conndl report^ the Maryborough Committee -have somewhat -modified their ,views respecting therailway route via Maldon, and upon heing convinced of'certain facts -will offer no opposition to Maldon. We direct attention to this -letter, and' cannot help 'thiiikiag that it : would read better if the Committee had said, that on being convinced of. their error they would cordially support our scheme, instead of sticking to their original petition simply because it had been numerously signed.. We ..cannot see the good sense in persisting iu ecrorafter that error has beenma<je manifest . , ; , . , ,j - , -.,- 