LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT. NEW COURT.—TUESDAY, MARCH 20. CIVIL SITTINGS BEFORE EASTER TERM. (Before Mr. Justice Barry and Special Juries of Twelve.) HILL V. BRUCE.—(CONTINUED.) This case was advanced to-day by the examina- tion of Mr. Copperthwaite, Mr. Bunning, and Mr. Bloomfield, the first an engineer, and tho last two overseers employed by the plaintiff on the work which is the subjeot-matter of the present litigation. Tho evidence of Mr. Black- burn another engineer, was also partially gone into, but, some confusion arising out of his figures, he was allowed to stand aside to make them more clear, and Mr. Hill, tho plaintiff, was again for a short time in the witness-box. The court adjourned till Wednesday (this day) at 10 a.m. INSOLVENT COURT. TUESDAY, MARCH 20. (Before his Honour Wriothesley Baptist Noel, Esq., Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates.) ADJOURNED CERTIFICATE MEETING, IN RE J. AND W. PATTISON. Sir George Stephen appeared for tho insol- vents. At the original certificate meeting, objections had been taken to the insolvents' application ; but since then Messrs. Levy, the opposing cre- ditors, stated that they had had an opportunity of inspecting the books of the firm, and such in- spection having been satisfactory, they now with- drew thou opposition. The certificates were then granted. FIRST AND ONLY MEETINGS. Meetings were hold in the estates of E. De la Fortaine, James Dron, J. A. Davis, Thos. Burr, Frederick Steele, Obadiah Potter, Thos. Roberts, and J. D. Aubrey. The three last-named were the only insolvents present. Dixon's and Davis's meetings were postponed until the 27th of April. In none of them did anything of public interest transpire. SECOND MEETINGS. Meetings were held in tho estates of Mrs. Kate Atkyns, John Jamieson, H. and A. Mac- kenzie, and Joseph Chadwick. Various debts were proved, but no business of public interest was transacted. IN RE J. McBEATH. Mr. Jacomb, official assignee. Mr. RIPON appeared for the assignee, and examined the insolvent with reference to a number of proofs attempted to be put in on the »ai t of the insolvent's brother and other mem- bers of the McBeath family, who appeared to be so many that his HONOUR remarked they seemed to be as numerous as Banquo's ghosts. Decision as to admitting the claims was post- poned. At the close of the insolvent's examination, the third meeting was appointed for the 20th of April. Mr. MACGREGOR, who appeared on behalf of the insolvent, requested an allowance for him ; but his HONOUR declined to accede to it unless the application were backed by two-thirds of the creditors. IN RE EDWARD DE CARLE. Mr. Jacomb, official assignee. Sir George Stephen appeared on behalf of Mr. Courtney, official assignee in another estate, and Mr. Windsor was for the insolvent, who was ex- amined regarding a sum of money received by him, which Sir George Stephen attempted to show had been paid over to the insolvent, whose estate Mr. Courtney represented, subsequent to his insolvency, instead of to the assignee. Sundry debts having been proved, the meeting then closed. THIRD MEETINGS. Meetings were held in the estates of Edward Jennings, Ewen Mackinnon, George Smith, and H. P. Musson. No business of interest was transacted, the last meeting being adjourned until the 27th April. SPECIAL MEETING, IN RE J. A. ISAACS, Mr. Courtney, official assignee. Sir George Stephen appeared for tho assignee, and Mr. Bayne, for Mr. Disher, to prove a debt for £280. It appeared that Isaacs had rented certain premises from Mr. Disher, who, on the other hand, rented them from Sir Daniel Cooper. When Disher assigned the lease to Isaacs, the latter covenanted to pay the rent, which he had not done, having become insolvent about three months after ho took the premises. Mr. Disher had had to pay the rent to Sir Daniel Cooper, and now wished to claim for the amount he had so paid, as rent during Isaac's and the assignee's occupancy. The meeting was ad- journed for the insolvent's attendance, until the 13th of April. NEW INSOLVENTS. Joseph Bird Burgess, of Sandhurst, musician. Causes of insolvency—Want of money, and ab- sence of employment, pressure of a creditor, and fear of imprisonment under Fellows's Act. Liabilities, £83 16s. 6d. ; assets, £55 ; deficiency, £28 16s. 6d. Mr. Courtney, official assignee. John Clarke, jun., of Tilden, Talbot, butcher. Causes of insolvency—Losses in business, falling off in trade, and pressure of creditors. Liabili- ties, £578 5s. 6d. ; assets, £505 2s. 3½d. ; de- ficiency, £73 3s. 2½d. Mr. Laing, official assignee. David Thomas, Sandhurst, butcher. Causes of insolvency—Depression of business, bad debts, and fear of arrest under County Court judge- ments. Liabilities, £321 7s. 3d. ; assets, £117 17s. 11d. ; deficiency, £203 9s. 4d. Mr. Laing, official assignee. Wm. Henry Taaffe, of Guilford, auctioneer and cattle salesman. Causes of insolvency— Losses in business, pressure of creditors, and exe- cution against the person. Liabilities, £1,629 17s. 4d. ; assets, £2,457 ; surplus, £857 2s. 8d. Mr. Jacomb, official assignee. Wm. Anderson, of Bacchus Marsh, farmer. Causes of insolvency—Losses by drought and pressure of a judgement creditor. Liabilities, £717 8s. 6d. ; assets, £770 10s. ; surplus, £53 0s. 6d. Mr. Goodman, official assignee. Julius Lewis, of Melbourne, storekeeper. Causes of insolvency—Pressure of a judgement creditor, seizure of goods, losses through removing to the diggings, and general depression of busi- ness. Liabilities, £477 12s. ; assets, £96 10s. ; deficiency, £381 2s. Mr. Goodman, official as- signee. Alfred Joy, of Melbourne, auctioneer. Causes of insolvency—Inability to realise property, and pressure of a judgement creditor. Liabilities, £433 15s. ; assets, £465 11s. 3d. ; surplus, £31 16s. 3d. Mr. Goodman, official assignee. 