??r'1 '.?;.?: hunting. ? :':',':'n IKE I/MI BY-BVI Wlin IHB hikjliioujijjk sioviros. J To the Editor of BcWs Life in Victoria. Deab J3ell,— On Saturday afternoon tho master gava the last by-run which deponent will have to record in the year of grace 18C8, for, thank goodness, tho actual season commences on tho day you publish this scrawl, and whilst many of those unfortunates of your readers, who aro con/lncd to desk cr office, may be conning your » colnmns, we moro lucky mortals s'hall be iianoping' across country or tumbling over fences to our heart*' content or bodies' complaint. Tho gathering plnco was at OaklciEli, nnd the timo to throw off declared nt half past two, but mine host had prepared a tempting feed, and advantage was taken of the spread without heed of timo. In fact, as it was known that a 'bagman' would bo turned down for tho sako of a certain gallop, thers was no occusion for any 'hurry, and nn hour wib cut to waste in cutting beef, and porter bottle wires. Thero wasa muchlargermustcrofhorscmen than tho master expected, tho notico having been short ; but over thirty follows, assembled to try tho nerves of selves and horses as a. sort of preparatory sweat for to-day. Tlio dingo was taken in chargo by a sporting attorney, who had volun teered to select a good line of country, and whilst ha was effecting tho conveyance, his clients took the benefits of the (publicans') act in sundry non-barrislorial refreshers At length tho horn sounded ' to liorso,'. and Mr. Watson trotted tho hounds forward to tho hiU, on the right of the township, when he threw them into, cover. In a brace of shake.', the pack opened merrily nnd dashed away, the field, following nt a rattling bat for about half a milo of grass land, when abrushfencs afforded a jump to the mettlesome, and & stopper to tha . cow-hearted. No sooner, however, bad tho first-flight men got a few strides into the paddock, than they began coming to grief like so many nine-pins, and tha ground speedily resembled a field of battle after a cavalry charge. The causo of this tumbling nbout was a quantity of narrow blind drains, which tho horses could not see, ond their fore legs going in occasioned tho. ludicrous though dangerous catastrophes. No more serious consequences ensued than lorn breeches and. mouthfulsof.dirt, and like the Guards at Waterlog the fellows were soon 'up and at it;' but in the centro of the aforesaid paddock was a grip that really required clearing, and very few of the nags funded it, so a second, edition of ' kissing'tho earth' performance was pcrpe-' trated. Three or four cavaliers, amongst wli*m were two tyron, escaped the general spill by moro luck than judgment, and, after getting over another easy fence,, found themselves close to tho hounds aa' they ran into, their quarry, after a short spin of a couple of miles. . Tho ' dons' had hardly got going before tho fun wos\ over, but they had to ' grin and bear it,' though vowing', vengeance for. the opening day. ' On the road homewards the master gave Ills papils «? little schooling, and several times empty saddles were to, bo seen, and rails flying ahead in halves ; but as some-, how or other, ono always rides better in ' pink' than ill', ' mufti,' I expect that to-day will witness moro per-,, feet equestrianism. As the Governor and. Mojor-Gono-: ral are going to honour us with their presence, there will doubtless be a grand muster at John Overman's, and.; you mnv depend upon it, Bell eh.ill have full particulars ? of the run and fun from NIMROD'S GHOST. 