I ' ¿To ,THE .EOITOR OT THE BHP1B8, I Sm,-"Your ortiole on the Upper House, in this morn- ings issne, is worthy of.your offioe BB " best possible pub lio instraotor," in as far.as it points ont the difficulties of the question.. A consciousness of these difBcultiesis, at all events, an .essential preliminary to its solution. But I cannot congratulate yon on the discovery of this solution in <the suggestion .yon make of an election of the Upper by the Lower. Chamber. To thia, as it appears to me, a fatal and conclusive objection presents itself in limine. A body so chosen should not, it is universally admitted, be a duplicate of »the Lower House. But, if chosen by the process you recommend, it would he some- thing worse ;-it would be the duplicate of a majority of that House. Instead of .checking, and testing, and revising the acts of that majority, it would be destitute e*en of tba .means provided for that purpose by the operation of the Electoral law oreating the Lower House; for tbe minority are there entitled, .atleast, to apeak and expostulate against measures they disapproved of, but they would be .without the power of .Bending to the Upper House a solitary member. If iberia single House tends, ss ali great statesmen have held.it does, and all hie-tory demonstrates it does, to an ' oligarchical tyranny, the creation of an Upper House, of the carpet nomination of the forty , fifty, or sixty tyrants so constituted, surely cannot tend to social and political .emancipation. It would only tend to rivet the chains of a Legislative system (being virtually that of one House) which Madison, one of the fathers of the American Con. etitatioD,.warned his countrymen against, as " the moat execrable system of government ever devised among mankind.'* Z am, Sir, TOOT obedient serrant, SCRUTATOR. Sjdnar, MarohilS. , A correspondence of rather carious character has I taken place between .Ur. William Howitt and Charles ¡ Diokens, on tbe suggestion of a writer in AU the year Round, that .ghosts were " thoughts," and had no ao tua),'independent existence. Mr. Howitt recapitulates many striking instances ,of the decided personality of these shadowy beings, and «aya:-"Whoever sets him- self to resolve all the ghosts that have appeared in this -blessed world, from Job's apparition, whioh made his, bair stand on end, or Brutus's evil genios, down to that i oftCapUin Wheateroft, which the other day compelled . the War Office to correct the date of bis death before : .Lucknow, in the offioiei return in to thought suggestions -.will leave Don Quixote and bis windmills amazingly farbebind." Mr. Dickens replies, vindicating the gen- uineness of the cases in AUJhe Year Bound, and states that ha.-bimself haB always taken a greatinterest in these matters (And baa even lived in a famous haunted horma ia Kent, now abut np ;) cat .requires evidence saan BB be has not vet met with, and " that when he thinks of , the amount,of misery and injustice that constantly at ! tend us in this world, wbieh a word from the departed dead could Bet right, he would not believe, eofild not believe in the War Office ghost without overwhelming .evidence." TEE FRENCH BAB.-A Bcene of the most extraordinary and, Z may add, scandalous character took place yester- day at the Palais de Jostice, in the Tribunal of Correo, donal Police, The case before the court waa that of M. Vaoberát, who was .prosecuted for the publication of a book called "La Démocratie,'* the seizure of which I informed you some time eioce. M. Vacherat's eounsel waa if. Smile Ollivier, one of the rising and most elo- quent men at the Paris bar, sod moreover the leader of I the Opposition in the Corps Législatif. The Procureur Imperial haring concluded a violent and acrimonious Bpeech against ibo defendant, whose main offence Be em 8 to be that he asea the word " despotism" in the course of bis work oftener tuan was agreeable to the authorities, M. Emile Óllivier rose to reply. He had merely said, I " I will not follow the example of the public prosecutor by appealing to passiens*'-when he was stopped short by the President, who informed him ibat " these expres- sions were an insult to the public prosecutor, and that he must retract them." Bf. Ollivier refused to retract I and distinctly intimated that the words incriminated» could not by any possibility be tortured into an insult« upon which the hearing of the case was interrupted, ani the President, after a short consultation with ihe other ju gea, suspended M. Ollivier for three mont.**!* from .be praotice of his profession. On this decision .''eing mada known, the whola of the bar present rose und em- braced M. Ollivier, who then withdrew. Thia scanda-' j lons abuse of power hs« created an immense sensation I among the bar. Ameetiog, I am informed, ia to take I place to-night, at which a protest will be drawn up and / ?taned by all.the members of the order of advocates.- I Pßrtt eorretpondenc* of the Exgrttr. 