METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) SOME tune «go à sensible fellow said that the next gene- ration of. Englishmen would deem tba people of tbii generation to hare been all fools, or to have cora mis r-loned the fools to write their history. ' If that wore true then, and.who says it wasn't, what is it now? Hore bat thia sage metropolis of ours, oentro of the universe, foons of Intelligence, capital of civilisation, and so on, been shaking ita pericranium till it got the megrims, about what ? The craoking of Big Ben ; arid, behold, Ben Isn't cracked at all, but is Bound as a bell, as any bell has any business to bo. Impossible I you exclaim, Very likely; but that ls just tho reason it has happened;-it is only impossible things that now coma to pass; and anything has but to be highly probable, and straightway it is sure never to take place. What would be the usa of universal newspapers If this were not the case? and what would bcoorao of tho thousan d and ono singular gentlemen who oall themselves " wo," and ere ready to leeture on astronomy beoauso they don't believe the moon to bo made of groen oheoso t Thia afternoon Ben began to boom, at first to tho con« sternation of all cookneydom, who thought tho French must bo coming up the Thames; and that tho hour of alarm was being atruok by Sir Charlea Barry distractedly knocking his head, or some other ligneous contrivsnoe, against the ruptured metal. A moment, bowover. sufficed to show that Barry oould hero nothing to do with it, so clear, distinct, and unmistakable was the sound, wholly free from muddle. Again and again Ben gave tongue with du'oet clappor, and the llstenors woro look-jawed with nutonivhraont that they had board nothing of it beforehand, through any of the nineteen morning typographio thinking-miebines whian tho londoners now employ to save them the trouble of refloating. How did tho bell getup? It had never boen down. How was it repaired ? It had never boen broken. What, after nil tho dsngonr and olapper-olawlng between Deni soi and Dont (bis ghost), and Mears, the founder, and the Jovino bolt-forger of Blackfriars, and all tho oam panologtoal uhatter-boxeB splitting tho publia tympanum with abuse of oaah othor theso lsBt throe months 1 Yes, evon BO; after all this, it ii now disooverod that the hullaballoo bas boen about nothing. And will nat Bull be sheep-faood with shame at this advertisement of his calf-heniodnosu? Not at all ; rather otherwise; for on Monday morning next wo shnll have half-a dor.en lead- ing srtiolos, from best poBsiblo instructors, treating the whole thing as a goed jobo, no highor moral ooourlog to any ono of them than what may be oonvoyed In the novel and profound oxolamation " Who'd hoto thought it I" And so it is with a b'ggor than Big Ban. Two months ago tho Groot Eastern wat a mirado of marino porfaolion, tho "faultless monster wbioh the world no'er saw" before, but then lookod upon with astoundedly admiring eye. Everything about bor was tho «orno of human oomprebensiveness in prlnolplo and ingonulty of dotail. Elephants picking up pins and pulling down oaks woro ridden to doatb In search of motaphors symbolio of her adaptability. Tho " Bpood of thought was in her limbs,' like tho un-Rareyflod stood of Mazeppa. Her aleoplng bertha woro alcovoa of hypnologlonl ecstasy; her kit ohons a paradise of frying-pans, an Edon of gridirons, an Elysium of copper puts; hor Hiato oabin a rooopllon room flt for Amurath tho Stupendous, or Solyman tho Magnificent; and BB for nen-nioknes«, pot an oma. tion of qualm was permissible io the mind, much less In the stomach, In prosonoo of suoh sumptuousness and skill. Well, in six short weeks this aqueous phenomen- on ls pronounced, by tho very samo hyperbolical en oomtasts, to be little better than an unwloldy tub, i whloh no rospeotsblo whalo would look tl ; «he li no use in a smooth se», no good in a rough one | her engines, Uko her .ng}naer,mofeiosUnint,!>ti pf pxplpded paff and, in short, everything »boat her ie the re Ter of what it ought to he, and sublimely ridiculous into tl bargain ;-e»ld bare-sin being that the best thing tb oan happen har is that she ahonld go to the bottom, tba only preservative against the swamping of the pr prietary. Not a word of lamentation or remorse uttered for all the misleading in tba first ioatani No tbaught of the kind ever oooura to the m leaders, nor any expectancy among the mis! that it should occur. And thia cornea our suporior enlightenment. Wo are so vory enlighten that wa can't see darkness, or at least can't say that ? do see it ; and we po on our way rejoioing that we ? not like other men, who k-.ve no Big Boos and no On Easterns to befool themselves withal ; and no free pr« to applaud the performance, and tell the performt that every man Jack of them is a Ulysses aUeast, two for the matter of that. But if W9 are going on our way rejoicing, wbioh way it f Is that a way to be rej doed at wbioh wo read of li to-day eonoeming the importation into France of Engli sixty-eight pounders from the Pilot, London stearne Wtiat guna are theao t Are they of that famous L< Moor metal which our economic government deem too dear far British use, preferring the patobed.up ri bish of wbioh 93 per cent, bursts at Woolwich mc than this tough Yorkshire stuff that c august ally is laying up illimitable atc of against the approaching. dey of rooke ing, when be means]1 to balanoe that small ontstandi St. Helena aooount ? . Mach it matters whotber or r '" riflemen form" if a preponderance of " arms of pre alon," throwing shot and shell two, three and more mill I aa at Solferino, be in the bands of the onemy, and au plied by our own bauds, least he shouldn't have t wherewithal for raking us fast enough. Why one these 08-pounders outweight* in war all the Engli contribution to Oaribtldra million muskets, inolndii the Ellenborough qiota thereto, the amount whereof yet a mystery. Mare mysterious still is " Dear Broug am'»" opinion of the revolution iry epistle of tho eoce trio Earl, pensioned son of tbe great Chief Justioe England, inciting to the purchase and distribution arras for the overthrow of powers wo are in allian with, and the extension of a demooratio pt paganda, « la Masantello, Not a word' aa, the- Lord Harry to this new dogma of oonstit tionalism, although he is just now overflowing wi j talk upon all things on oartb, and several things els where. And good reason why he says nothing;-fin I b oause he long ago pronounced against Piedmont ma! ing any attempt upon Austria, and, 2dly, because I < must sea that the Ellenborough proposition would evol other elements of fury altogether, and let in ne dangers upon England without doing Italy any goo Beside*, B. happens to be proprietor of the Cbatei i Eleanor Louise, in the department of Var ; and his oo mopolitan correspondence with Cremiiux in 1848, BB ' 1 beoorafng a Prenoh citizen in virtue of (hat possessio is tolerable proof of that Vaux will not countenani Carbenari lust his faoe be blaokened, as the Orienta say, in the eyes of the Emperor. It ia possible bis lor ship will be enlightened in a day or twoas to whatwou be ono eiffeot of the Ellenborough sóbeme, in ino ting oi combative brethren, of the sister oountry proffer thoir shillelaghs to the Holy Fath and the rather prodigal of an elder son tba church. Indeed thia was tho case In August let only Nono wouldn't say yes ; but his two negitivea no might bo «final to an affirm itivo ; and surely the er broflmerrt is irritant enough as it stands,'without adi ing Irish bubble and squeak to the hubbub.. Novar th less, fresh oommotioa and confusion pour iu ; and he is a sample of tbe latest ingredient in the witobe cauldron atidiaVlerie. A French advertisement in to-day's papers offers premium of a thousand franos for the first and two hut dred for tho aeoond best essay on the recovery, or rathi desirability of recovering, tbat brightest jewel in tb British crown, and also in the Gallic ditto, if the wearei of the reapeotive diadems and their ministers soo! troth a couple of yoars ago, to.wit, the entente cordial Has it been lost ? It oerlainly can't bo found and the mislaying has oooaslcned more con motion than if it had been burglariously . ravishe from the jolot-stook possessors, Inasmuoh as there is n telling whoas lathe fault of the non inventtis, The ad vertiser says the arbitrators will be three members of U Institute, ono being Thiers, a name whioh, consideric its anti- Anglo antecedents lu the matter ot Syria an Tahiti, prepares as tor tho locality to wbioh it is n Înested the essaya may be addrosiod, namely-Hanwel 'robably only inmates, of St. L'tke's will think of ooo peting for such a prlise, on such a theme, at suah a se son aa this, before snob arbitrator BB tbebollioose b ok of Mebemet Ali, and author of th.it History of the Cor sui ate and Empire which makos most exoruoiatingl obvious to Ibo humblest [Frenoh] comprehension thi Uncle Nap oould have easily done that whioh tb Nephew now means to do-if bo have the opportnnit Thiers, «rho boasts that he drew his materials froi tba state archives, gives a letter of Bonaparte to Cambaceres, his colleague in tbe consulship, in 180! when, s:ter incessant cxiosios at Boulognge, tho forme " wai animated by bavieg a glimpse of the coasts < England," and wrote thu ? :-" I bave had a Bight of tb shores as ooo sees cavalry from the Tuileries. I ooul distinguish the bousoa, and tho movement of bodies, 1 ia a ditch which shall be oleared when we have gatbere strength enough for the attempt." The strength tb Uncle then bad, or oould have ever boped to have hsc waa not one-third of what the Nephew now has ; an thoro was no steam; no steel-plated impregnable deton ating roaatadona of tba deep ; no bor'zontat sholl firing Again, Thiers, who io speaking of England brandishes i steel pen as ferociously aa a Zouave would a sword bayonet at the Lord M -yor's throat when howling fo the oity-purse and the silver-gilt turtle- spoons, givei another letter lrom Bonaparto to ' Decres ministe: of marine, - a very phlegmatic porsonsgi according to Thiers, charged with the hydraulic part o the machinery. In thia the Man of Destiny puts thit pleasant hypothesis as to our fato :-" It is very possible you will have to sacrifico about a hundred vessels, whioh will draw the onemy upon them, while the re- mainder, crowding all sail at the marnent these hundred are hoing attacked, will arrlvo without onoountorlng any obstoclo at the other aldo of the Channel." Foi crowding sall " read " put on all steam," and then think of the Threa Per Conta t Truly M. Thiers, who is a sardonio wag in his way, must relish the notion ol b-ing adjudicator on Hanwell prizo essaya for promoting British friendship with tho mau who has deolared hit mlssien to to be consummate tho anticipation embodied in the words of the founder of bia house, namely, " Bight hours of a night favourable to us will decide tho fate of tho universe," A contribution of a rather opposite character, though not without something of a Hanwell halluoinalionory stamp about it too, oomes from the Al dury Angel, a very aroh one indeed this time, namely-Mr. Hy. Drum- mond, M.P., in tho shape of a letter to the people of England. Od what BUbjeotf Wby there ls bnt ono; and erratic and outre as be is, even he oouldn't think of another that anybody would attend to, namely, invadion of course. With a frankness wbioh would have ptaoed other persona at othor timos in Newgate, he starts by assuring the " people" that he addresses thom because Qovernmont neither oan nor will takeUbe steps necosBary to provent ox ropel invasion ; and thor» he soothingly goes on to show that nooeBBity, interest, glory, present profit, future fame, overythiug, conspires to impel tho great conspirator to explode bis life.long plot on and upon this isle; and that hts protestations of goodwill for tts aro not loss a means towardB our dontruotlon than tb o materiel ho is hoarding up, and the floating furtrosa' a be la launching forth. A Job's comfortor indeed ia Drum- mond in our distress; but there ÍB a grim death's-head pleasantry about his portrayal of our destitute predica- ment that tiokloB while it Urrlflon, Describing tho split up departmental state of our oxeoutive maohine, he de olaies that even the notion of meeting an attack doesn't exist thoro. He Bays that if a strange sall were to ap. pear off Hastings, the coastguard would report it, and a telegram bo sent to the Admiralty, whure tba First Lord, 11 who does not know a stay from a halliard," would send a telegram to order some ships from Portsmouth to protect Hastings, whioh ships would not bo ready, and bafora they oould go tho Admirât would, find a Frenoh fleet off Portsmouth, whioh he must either leavo doionooloes, or disobey ordors. Tho oivil First Lord would writ J a despatoh to tbe First Lord of tho Troasury ; he, not having a man at his oommand, would write to tho Secretary of War, who would write to th» Oommander-in.Chief, who oould not possibly know what numbor of his f»w regulars ho could sond to tba South, or any placo olao ; and, while all this was going on, tho invaders would ba half-way to London, It doos not, theroforo, roijniro to bo n ptoflolent in strategy, oontiauos our oonsolor, to paroetvo that " tho report of tho goneral o (Doora on tbe national defonoo must bo oorreot, whioh doolaroa unanimously, tho Commander in-Chief, Sir O. Brown, and Sir De Lacy Evans hoing of the numbor, that If 10,000 men woro landed on any part of tho south coas', it would be impossi- ble to provont thoir coming to London, If ten thou- sand, wbot if ten tenB, twenty tenB, soma fow in Ire- land ? By way of sustaining Hibernian loyalty, Mr. Drummond fiamos hot salt sayings on ths bead of Poler and all thing Tiberino and Pontifical, in a fashion that wsuld perhaps bo lesa unbecoming bis years and magisterial status and spootral aBpoot if ho didn't happen to ba father-in-law to tho Bury St. Edmund's baromi of an inoonvertlbly Idolatrous family, Slr Thomas Gage, dsisandant of ibo fair Lady l'enolono Dare/, wno outdid the elder Penelope Jq (he disposal of her I suitors, for »he married them «ll I How so ?* Jo thia- wise:-Being rion.- and. beautiful,, she .was, wooed by three lovers simu'taneousl; ; and the knights, aa in ohivalry bound,- were disponed to contest the prise' with target and lance; but abe forbade the battle, soo naclng 'the disobedient with eternal displeasure, yet . promising joonlarly that she would have them all in turn. Sure t>nbngb, the turn of each came; andaba wedded, 1st, Sir G. Tronobard, of Wolverton. Dorset; Sadly, Sir J. Gage, of Firle; and 3rdly, Sir W. Hervey, of Ickwortb. No Smethurst in those days to mafco away with so monoyed a bride with antimony; or, if there ' bad boen, our wise ancestors were not geese enough to* pronounoa him an arsenionl assassin, condemn htm to death, ord- r him to ba hanged, let bim off lor no imagin able reason unless that banging was too good for him, and finally make him the hero of a polioe-oourt farce on a oharge of bigamy. But in tbe fair Lady Penn's days - there was no pnblio opinion : - there ia ? now; and what comes of it? Why that publie opinion . has extirpated private judgment; nobody can make UJJ hie mind to anything ; and aa sure - as anybody tries, everybody tells him be is a fool for his pains; and bids - him buy a penny newspaper. HedoeB; buys »ix ; con- sequently thinks half-a.dozen ways at once; and ends by not knowing whether he stands on bis head or his heels, . nor doea it matter which. The general obfuscation about invasion is one of the) - effects defective of this oau e ; and lucky would it be fox ns if it were tba only or the worst one ; but it isn't. . Far worse is the. amugVelf-satiafaolion that accompanies all we Bay, and all we fanoy we do ; and especially the unconsciousness that our sayings and deingsarenot every, thing they ought to be. Modesty is becoming an unknown commodity amongst ns; and it is not a little slgnifloant that tuts .very day there are two rather bulky booka out, ? orown each. . by. friends of the Friends on tbe deoline of Quakerism, in addition to Boveral others of tho Bame tondenoy these last few weeks. Time was when Broadbrim waa a mitch for any Ohristisn, or, according to Cobbott, for any Jew either;-and oven be of the new Hatti Honymsyan, Wilson himself, might doff his beaver to the oollarless oaloulators. But mildness is at a discount now, and mediocrity rides rampant. Nor isitaontent to do that without banging gongs,' thumping drums, and blowing opheoleides in addition. This sovereignty of mediocrity and tho abasement its despotism entails is treated with much ability by a weekly reviewer to-day, who, how. ever, rather barbs the mote and the beam proverb, for he announoes with oracular euroka solemnity what even so very commonplace a soothsayer as Sir Hobart Peel bad despondingly chronicled long before bis death, as has often been repeated: on his authority here, that the race of statesmen were dying out, and that none with the least pretensions to be so considered were ooming on the stage. What would ho say now ? The reviewer goes farther it is true, and says that the degeneracy is extending to everything, arts, literature, drama, Sus. ; and that while there is a murrain in metters mental, things sentimental are laughed at by young ladies, and would be by children too, only there are none, all being little tuen and women. Something of the same strain is taken up also to-day, but in a very different fashion, by a very different per- son. Lover, who, in the prefaoo to a . new volume oí " Metrical Tales,, end - Other Poems," bemoans, io bard-like measure, the flight of the ideal and the omnipresence of the real in this now dreadfully militai ian world. But Samuel ehows that, in his own person, at least, the spirit of tho prosaio hasn't garotted the genius of the poetic. The voiee-of the .» Angel's Whisper" of a quarter of a century ago ia still as musical as though tho utteror wera possessed of that Four-Le.ved Shamrook whose meglo he has sung Ut witohing numbers of dual enchantment, words and mUBio being alike a fairy-spoil, and the supernatural Sbakspeareanly wedded to the human ; for while the ear is tickled and the fancy stimulated, the heart is stirred, if not exaotly as with the blast of a trumpet, still as with a patent cornet-a-piston played by Koonig, to the double' qaiok time conducting of Maestro Jullien, in the resplendent white waistcoat days of that extinguishejd meteor. Lover's volume oomoo forth as a BUxptuous Christmas book, and may challenge the gaudiest of those wintry butterdtes in foolscap, so far as regards) glittering wiags and gorgeousness ol adornment. It ia \- printed on satiny-toned paper, voluptuous as Utrecht' volvet, and of regal amplitude of margin for Vizettely'a telling illustrations. While the oontents,. being en« Itirely original, gives it a seasonable superiority to the other, "annual" ephemera, whioh are now almost wholly reprints. The poems are of a longer > and moro ambitions kind than Lover . has hitherto put in typo; but they are characterised by all tba distinctive traits that render the Bory O'More aird Widow M'Gree b Dads so universally popular ; namely -singular clearness of story, felioity of point, whether it be grave or grotesque, and a harmony of cadenee - in the rhythm that ensures it immediato and endur- ing plaoe in the memory. The legends are all Irish, and no native WSB ever born more to the right manner of telling them piquantly than ha of the " While Horse of the Peppers." Thu first is the " Fisherman," a wild and weird sea narrative 'of homoly patboB, Bueh as Lover's works BO muon abound in ; and,, like them all, having a substratum of matter- of-fact for Che fanoy fabric) of fiction. The second, and probably 4me that will be a greater favourite, is "Priest Roaohe/'also sn " o'wer true tale," showing how a secret of the ooh fessionsl, though disolosing the murder of the oonfes sot's own brother by the assassin, was kept for twenty years, but the criminal returning from beyond seas, and' casually telling his guilt to thu Padre, was by him- [a moit-1 muscular pastor of the Kingsley athlete cierto mould,] seized on the spot, and given to justfoe,'lhere being no longer the ooolesiastioal seal of seoresy on the hearer's lips. Unlike B mira, in whoso deepvand fervid vein this inoldent ia oonoeivod and oarried ont. Lover ia no ultramontane, but stiff-necked in resist- ance to "Italian priest" as ia the most Established ' of the lieges of Y. B. Eid. Def. Consequently,'.711 is from no predilection for ¿bo unorinolined Sacábante of Babylon that he Bets forth this instanoo of the working of the inquisitorial tribunal; but for suoh sample of obarity ho may, howevor, count upon absolution even from Exeter Hall, saying nothing of tho Puseyite*. The ' " Blacksmith" is another touching versified version of>a tragedy ia humble lifo, wherein both praotioal and poatio ' justiso is done on the delinquent, to tho satisfaction :of tbo reader. Tbero aro numerous smaller pieoes,the cbief being the " Nymph nf Niagara," a stirring composition in . tho horoio strain, and rising to an allitudu and HtrongtU not nnwort ty of the theme, tho poom having boon written on Like Ontario, immediato'y aftor a visit to tho Falls. The concluding pieoe is Love and Death, in which ia - diBOUBsrd, aa only Lovor himself, or his congenial 1 countryman Prout, oould do if, the problem " which-is - most perplexing, to be too young to die or too old'to - love? In the solution of tho enigma application'mU9t be made to the volume Itself, than which a moro graceful ono outsido or a more charming ono within won't bo mot with this sido of New Year's Day. t ff) A aooD story is told of an Irish ostlor who waa'se'nt.to tho atable to bring forth a travollor's borso. Not' know- ing whioh of the two strange horses in tho stalls bo|orjgod to tho travoller, ho snddlod both animals, and brojtgbt them to tho door. Tho travollor pointed to' bls ^n horse, saying, " That's ray nag." " Certainly.yeV honor, I know that very well; but I didn't know which,was tho othor gentleman's." " SKYE TctmiEns AND HOYAHV.-From tlmoB unre anrJod until about twenty years ago, tba Skye:ferrier awaited confidently his summons to tho sphere of-ratrk and fashion. About that tim« tho day, whlob^as tho proverb figuratively informs us, lt falls to tho lot of oaoh individual or tho canino raoe to enjoy, bogan'to shine out brightly for tho deg of Skye, the first rays of it that reaohed him being refleoted from no loss a luminary than the Crown of Gwat Britain ; for it was among tho Scottish fanolos of England's Queen to adopt as ai prime favourite this hitherto obscuro quadruped. Beckoned until that timo- if anybody took tho trouble of comput- ing him nt all -as ono of tho ugliest of his recocho at once found himself invested with all tho attributes ot a canina Adonis,~>a very Adrulrabto Orlohton of 'dogs. psrfoot in Intolloot, faoo, figuro, and the hyperion luxuriance of I is copious mane and tail. . In our youth, we know-and hated-a small, unmitigated snob of.a dog oallod the Pug, a kind of work.basket'bulirdog, diminutive iu slzo, dyspeptic in temper, dlsegrscablo.to contemplate, nnd distressing to bo ob igod to admire. One of tho missions In society of Skyo-terrier-,#ho, when going beforo a high wind, boars no Unapt rojemblaneo to a mop or a .wisp of tow-was to mop up Png, and polish him off tho hearth-rug of fashion l a misson whioh ho appears to have at least partially accomplished. For, now tho blaok musslo - of (Pug is but seldom to bo seen protruded from oarrisga wlndow, biding his time for a snap i at tho first ktd.glovod finger that wags within rnngo'of bis overlapping tusks in waving salutation to his dowager mistress-for, of the dowagers, sbovo all, heiwas.ona ot the chronic oalamitlos. Oftener, now, are the,weil oombod whiskers and mmtslaobos of Skya dog . toHM reoogniaod. dropping «vor tho drawing-room «lni»»-T" or framod, Uko a portrait by Landseer, in «"« P"»W* sash of tho barouche, out of which he gases nsnsWeli with tbe impressive speculation of tho true ßantur-*-? tea, for as men of fashion aro, BO aro their dog«; add so also or ibo fighting butcher, who ovor bas his counter- part in the fighting bull-dog that glowers from bis goff ZtmU,-« Dog-talk," in .fti.dlton.fo MontMy.v^n Ä V ,f'l\ol 