MR. MICHIE'S LECTURE. Tho Mechanics' Institution was densely crowded last night, on the occasion of Mr. Michie's lecture upon the "Philosophy of Ghosts and Witch- craft," with notices of the late apparition revivals in England. The chair was occupied by Mr. Gillbee, the president of the institution, who, without any preface, introduced the lecturer. Mr. MICHIE, who was received with loud cheering, spoke as follows:— Is there any one in this company who has en- tirely outgrown his belief in ghosts ? if so, has ho not lost something whioh has left behind it some regret? He may be wiser; he may have read physiology, he may have studied insanity and the various forms of delusion springing from morbid action of the brain, but he has lost for over the supernatural shudder, tho terrifically delicious creeping of the hair, and tho heart coming up into the mouth, attendant on his lia- " toning to, or reading of, for the first timo, a good authentic, and by justices of peace attested, ghost story. Time was, perhaps, when most of us, being good, credulous, simple- minded little boys and girls, would much rather have walked a long way round than a short-out through a church- yard at midnight. Where are now the old haunted castles, where tho long gallery in which the ghost of tho immoral baron did his walking matches_ his 1,000 miles in a 1,000 hours-by moonlight ; where the clanking of mysterious chains, ns the clock in the turret struck one : where tho clang- ing of distant dungeon doors, the whistling of tie' wind through tho battlements?-all, all gone with the irrevocable freshness and trusting simplicity of early youth. Ghosts seem now literally run to earth. All decent respect for them would1 appear to bo dead and gone. Even in the thea- tre, where we give some rein to belief, I posi- tively, the other evening, saw a most respectable' ghost in the Garrick Club's performance descend through tho trap-door, clucking and crowing so as to make any reasonable person think he must have gono mad, and confounded himself with the cock. Whence this wonderful change from the beliefs and the manners of our ancestors ? Are we so much wiser? Has science ejected for over the fairies, the witches, the ghosts, tho Little Red Riding Hoods of our forefathers? Because Pinnock and Mangnall are wise, are there to be no more haunted houses? Be- cause the cineritious and medullary substances of the brain maybe more or less excitable under tho brand of Martel, and other extraneous in- fluences; are we not to be allowed to frighten ourselves to death in our own way ? Where is ourselves to death in our own way ' Where is the liberty of the subject, if, at the arrogant bidding of science, we are all of us forthwith to give up our ghosts? Thus should 1, pro bably, at any time on tho sunny side of 20, have stood up for that ancient, time honoured, cosmopolitan, shadowy, ubiquitous vagrant, tho ghost Alas ! how these early dreams give way before reading and investiga tion-how we are obliged, at every turn in life, to be exchanging sentiment for science, imagina lion for reality, palaces in tho air for slab huts on earth Most of us now find ourselves utterly unable to believe in any ghost whatsoever. A months solitary confinement in Westminster Abbey would, had we only blankets enough, dis turb us less than would the turning us for a week on to tho Snowy River Gold fields without the same provision So strong is the general more dulity on this point, that I feel satisfied that most of us, were we to see a ghost ourselves, would only bring an ejectment against him with an antiphlogistic pill At the same time, 1 may be told all ages and all nations have had their beliefs in ghosts, to which the answer may be given, that all ages and all nations have had stomachs to be disordered, and that Julius Caesar had sick headaches as well as you Still at tho same time-as Addison formerly, and William Howitt in our own day, have urged -it is possible there are ghosts, though doubters think it probable there are not Well, it would be very unbecoming in poor finite creatures like ourselves positively to assert that there are no ghosts, and, therefore, I am not going to assert anything of tho kind lhere may, doubtless, bo as much of the spirit of fanaticism in hard, coarse, uninquiring un- belief, as in the commoner disposition to open your mouth, and shut your eyes, and see what any charlatan or impostor will send you At the same time, there is no indecorum in offering some reasons for withholding belief in such things. I think all history of man, and of his opinions and beliefs, shows us a tendency in him to impersonate any phenomenon he cannot under stand The savage and undisciplined imagina tion tries to account for everything which baffles or eludes tho reason And thus we find, that superstition is great as knowledge is small. Take a familiar instance. Who can ever forget tho mysterious delight with which he listened for tho first time to a good echo ? Nay, even when he had got tho explana tion, and had mastered all tho properties of sound, did ho the less delightedly shout against tho mocking rock, and with as keen and child- like a pleasure as that Wordsworth so beautifully describes in the words - ' My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow In tho sky? Tho bodiless voice of the echo, tho invisible mocking spirit floating m tho air, scorns hko a mind with all space for its habitation, coquetting about taking us into its supernatural companion shin Whv wonder thnn tW fl « « ~.».«. ship. Why wonder, then, that tho ancient J made a deity of echo 1 Tho simple and untaught mino, thus imporsonatos overy form of apparent power, from Echo to Jupiter the Thunderer. Tho taught man «n-porson ates (if I may make a word), and abstraots, and cross-examines that sublimo and self contained nature, speaking to us only in hints of falling apples or flashes from summer clouds. But until ho.conquors hor secrets, and gets thom into his books of natural philosophy, superstition transforms and deforms at pleasure, Hence, as I think, tho original materiel of ghosts, witches, and the rest of tho numerous supernatural family ; and morbid imagination can do the rest. Nevertheless, let us go into the subject dispas- sionately and judicially. William Howitt says there are ghosts-the man of science says there are not, and thereupon issue is joined. Tho affirmative and burden of proof are on Mr. Howitt, and a logical objector calls on him, we may suppose, to define his ghost. What is it ? In every appari- tion I have read of, it is invariably dressed in some way or other. Can there be tho ghosts of Mr. Lush's coats, then, going about the world.' If not, how much of any apparition is the ghostly essence, and what is tho rest ? It is not so very easy, then, to define your ghost. Gene rally speaking, it has been found more convenient for tho ghost supporters to deal in generalities. Suffice it to say, they will tell you, that your orthodox ghost can walk through brick walls and rubble- work; can be in England one moment, and in Melbourne the next ; dislikes tho sniff of the morning air; starts at the crowing of tho cock ; revisits the glimpses of the moon; is extremely reserved, never speaking until he is spoken to ; a mysterious, pale, book muslin-looking customer, the very thought of whom scared Addison's soldier, who had marched up to the cannon's mouth without a fear. The philosopher, called upon to define motion, got up and walked. Called upon to define our ghost, we do so by giving some of his attributes. Ii this will not content you, take tho following : "An apparition may be defined," says a writer on this subject, "as a spectral illusion involuntarily generated, by means of which figures or forms not present to the actual sense are nevertheless depicted with a vividness and intensity sufficient to create a temporary belief in their reality." By tho above, you see that this modern com- mences by assuming the whole subject in debate. He calls the ghost " an illusion. ' He knocks him on tho head at the very outset, with a logical club. This writer has no respect for the Witch of Endor : for Dido's little plan for haunting Æneas with her umbra; he cares not for the demons or genii of Greece or Rome, for tho good and evil spirits of tho Jews, for the set-to's of Luther with the Evil One, or for tho Bodach Glas, or grey spirit, which walked before Fergus M'Ivor in the gloamin', on the evening before the Battle of Culloden. "Nothing," says Burke, "is so hard- hearted, as your thorough-bred metaphysician ; nothing so hard-headed as your thorough- bred logician. He believes in nothing which he cannot see, or taste; or touch ; or which he is unable to handle by his logical forms ; and what aggravates handle by his logical forms ; and what aggravates me still more is, whilst I have such a sneaking kindness for all my old friends the ghosts, I can- not help feeling that the doubting logician is right, and that the very best ghost in our whole collection is only an illusion after all." But is this any reason why tho ghost is not to be lectured about ? Surely not. Sweep away all illusions and shams, say you will not discuss them further, and consider how much you diminish your stock of conversation ; abolish shams, and how many places you may disfranchise, how many billets, civil and military, make vacant 1 We cannot spare our illusions. We may think to reason them down, but they will not be reasoned down. The marvel-moved mind demands, and will have its excitements, and the ghost which was laid by philosophy yesterday has been raised again by William Howitt to-day, and probably will be laid and raised again and again alternately, to the end of time, or, at any rate, of man, in such mild revivals as now-a-days seem alone to be possible. Ghost seeing and ghost feeling,, no doubt are, after all, quite human; nay, a privilege of humanity. We cannot absolutely assert that horses, goats, or pigs, never see the ghosts of thoir friends, but I think it probable they do not. Only, indeed, the largely conceiving nature of man can properly feel the sentiment super natural. ' Children, partly bold,- partly timid, will glance into dark rooms, and run off with the vague but sublime terror no, inferior nature-can. know. Adults, equally the creatures and subjects of imagination, will in like manner play at snap dragon with the mysterious and tho unknowable. These feelings in many constitutions are beyond the control of reason. Mrs. Siddons rushed in | terror from her midnight study of Lady Macbeth, and flew up stairs from her own imagination; and that element in her nature which made her j do so, also made her the real Lady Macbeth on the stage, and conferred on her the power only she possessed (and exercised without knowing it) i of drawing all human hearts from reality into ' diablerie and dream-land. The Omniscient has created us so, and, wo may be suro, wisely. It is perhaps at the root of that faculty, or spiritual appetite, within us, which seems to be always crying out "onwards" and "upwards." We push on from tho known to tho unknown. We puisue the illimitable. We all have a feel- ing that " thero aro moro things in heaven and I earth than aro dreamt of in our philosophy." The wisest men, therefore, have loved to dally with these subjects, and they will never cease to interest whilst man is constituted as he is. Only the other day, my attention was called to soma good papers on this subject, entitled "A Physi- cian's Ghosts," in Mr. Dickens's ,now periodical of All Hie Year Round. The writer gives several apparently not-to-be-argued- nway ghosts, and yet he does not seem to believe in them himself. Ile renews the theory-possibly older than, and certainly as old as, Lord Bacon, who suggests it distinctly- that there may bo an unusual energy in a dying brain, which enables its owner, at the hour of deathj to appear spiritually to any relative or fnond for whom tho dying ! person may have had a strong affeotion. But,' we ask, what appears? Why should it appear? What good or harm does it over do when it does appear, judging by the recorded instances ? But noxt, what reliance can we place on ihö'Soi-disant physician and his ghosts any moro than wo can place on Do Foo, and his ghost of Mrs. Veal, about whom yro shall have a word to tay presently ? We feel we should like to cross examino that physician and his informants. It is plain the contributor has not convinced his puncipal, Mr. Dickens, who by the last accounts was actively engaged in haunting, Mr. Howitt's hist ghosts, who, on their parts, disgusted with Mr. Dickens's scepticism, had struck business altogether, and refused to hauntj anybody. Not \t ithstanding, however, this turning of the tables on the ghosts, wo can, for tho rea- sons already suggested, easily sympathise with the largo belief of Mr. Howitt. A phre- nologist, perhaps, would summarily settle tho whole business by saying that "mar velousnoss" was largo on Mr. Howitt's Bkull, and that there was no moro to bo said about it. Leav- ing, then, the variously-developed bumps of our mlinitely various heads to bear with each other ai thoy should-for they did not make thomsolV03 -lot us take up that illusion theory where we dropped it a minute ago, and piooood with tho subject. The principal writers among the illusionists aro Pinol, Drs. Brewster, Ferrier^ Bekker, Hibbort, and Sir Walter Scott. One and all of these writers urge the illusion theory adumbrated in tho passage just quoted, and it is in tho face of all thoso authorities, and of tli3 vast body of evidence they present, that Mr. I Howitt sticks to tho genuine old ghost of our unscientific and all-believing boyhood. But for such instances of the occasional ascendancy of the imagination over tho reason, even among men of the talents, it would be, perhaps, diffi- cult in these days for a reading man of sound mind to come to any other conclusion than that ghost-seeing is a disease. Dr. Hibbert's book is probably the best wo have on tho subject. There, as in the previous work of Dr. Ferrier, wo are made acquainted wit'i numerous ghosts and ghost-see-ers, but in Dr. Hibbert's work wo aro duly and carefully in- ducted into the scientific treatment and progrès? of men's different enses and cures. We read how, as brains recovered health, thoir apparitions be- gan to fade, and with convalescence disappeared altogether. Wo find how thoso ghosts winch can be lut into a man by brandy, can be turned out of him by blood-letting. Thoré is nothing very ne y in all this, it is true, for Coleridge had alroady tuggested that Luther's contests with and throw- ing of inkstands at tbo head of tho devil, all arose from Luther's indigestion and consequent nervous irritability during a long imprisonment. But you may ask. how comes it that a man be lieves he sees what is not, save in his own brain? This, no doubt, is an oxcessivoly in- teresting inquiry. It launches us at once into the general functions of the brain, aai demands an examination of the constitution and working of the nervous system. That is, indeed a great study in itself ; at which, in the limits of our time and spaco, wo must only glance. De. llibbert contends that the organs of sense are ' the actual medium through which past feelings aro renewed, and that, whon, from extrem 3 ' mental oxcitemont, ideas havo become as vivid tis the original sensible impressions, this inlonsity re-acts on tho very organs-the oyo or ear, for instanco-on which sensation deponds. Dr. Brewster, also, in the /edinburgh Journal of ¿science-article entitled " Observations on the .Vision of Impressions on the Retina,in referenoi to certain supposed discoveries respecting visions announced by Mr. Charles Bell," Vol. II., p 1 - ,iajs, that, "when the eye is not oxp'osed to tho impressions of external objects or when it is msonsiblo to these objects, in. con- sequence of being engrossed with its own opera tions, any object of mental contemplation which lins either boen called up by the memory or created by the imagination, will be seen as dis tinctly tis if it hadljeen formed from tho vision . of a real object. I havo found," ho continues, " on 1 examining thoso mental impressions, that thoy follow tho motions of tlio eye-ball oxactly like the spectral impressions of luminous objects, and tint they resemble them also in their apparent immo- bility, when the eye-ball is displaced by an ex- ternal force. If this result shall bo found cone lally truo by others, it will follow that the objects ot mental contemplation may beseon as distinctly 03 external objects, and will occupy the sama local position in tho axis of vision as if thoy had beenlormed by tho agency of light." This passage from so eminent a philosopher, is extreraoly ince lesting, as thero ie moro scientific ghost-laym» in it than can bo found in any equnl number of words _ elsewhere. What Dr. Brewster hore lays down is this-if without presumption I may von turo to throw into still moro familiar laiiiruarre the substance of nts statement-viz. : that the cyo at times sees as well through the ajroncv of tho idea within, as through tho object without . that the idea, though only the copy of the original sensation, wiîï, in certain exoited states of tho brain, become as distinct and defined as the actual object which originally furnishod the idea-that in this rmm HA «T ..T .1.. . 1 idea-that m this caso the oyo sees the idea a» the object, and hence all the tribes of demons witches, ghosts, good and evil genii, wator kel- pies, &c;, &c;, which have been poured forth .Iront that teeming factory of such stuff the human brain. A vory few familiar experiences of your own will satisfactorily illustrate this posi- tion of Sir David Brewster. How often in reverie have you seen visions in the fire ? How coromonlv when travothng at night havo you mistaken stumps of. trees for human or other fizures » How easy ra it, as you lie in bed at moonlight, to tguio anything out of drapery/or curtains, or any other object indistinctly seen, and which, there- fore, loaves to fancy to supply the outline to the details? " But/you will say, "areal lou? best and most authenticated ghosts as by law es tabhshod to bo explained away and got rid of bv tho same summary process ? Are you to down with Caesar s ghost on the samo terms ? Aro you thus to deal with Dr. Donne's vision of his wife with tho faculty of second sight, with that awful party the Witch of Endor ?n I am inclined £Í think that there is but one way for all The doctors aro the universal exercisers and ghosthood seems no longer able to stand before thom. But those who «fn"i out with William Howitt for'the veritable eK ístenco of ghosts will not be BO satisfied. Their say there is abundant evidence for ehosts . thai ghosts are too well-established an intorest in the world, and have too many respectable backer! ^SPFf'jS' '»«iveway boforo Brewster'si Optic? or Hibbert's Explanations. We aro asked whv upon such reasonings, Brutus's belief in his own" yiBion is to be rejected? Why, we ans»«/ it was rejected at the very time by CaS to whom Brutus first told what he ha^ seen, 'in deed, Cassius saw how it was with poor Brutus as you may see from the account of that celebrated vision. I extract as follows from ¿SffiSÍ Plutarch :-« When they (that is the "my headed by Bru us and Cassius) were about "D leave Asia Brutus it is said, hod an extraordi- nary s ppantion. Naturally watchful, sparte* ia his dot and assiduous in business; he a lowed himself little time for sleep. In the áay henewr slept, nor in the night till all business WM° ver and the rest being retiredj ho hod nobJyVcZ' yorse with. But at this time, involved ai he wa, in the operations of war and solicitous for the Í event ho only slumbered a little after supper and spent the rest of tho night in orderingTÄst urgent affairs. When diese were despatched he employed himself in reading till the tffidwrtoh when the tribunes and centurions came to hini for orders. Thus, a little time before ho left Asia he was sitting alono in his tent by ad?« light, and at a late hour. The whole armv lav in steep, and silenco, white the general, wrant ií meditation, thought heperceiveasomeiinÄer us tent. Turning towards the door ho saw a horrible and monstrous spectre, standing silontlv by his side 'What art thou!' said ho, bold l Art thou God or man? And what is thy huí: ness with me?' The spectre answered, 'IT tíiyevil. genius, Biutus! Thou wilt seo moat Philippi.' To which ho calmly answered 'I will meet thee there.' When the annariW"»t will meet thee there.* When the apparition wai gone, ho called his servants, wlo toídWnt that they had neither heard any noise n£ had seen any vision. That night he d?d not go to rest, but went early ¡n S* . morning to Cassius, and told him what had han" .pened. Cassius, who was of the schoo ofEnl curus, and -uspd frequently: to 'dUpnte'&. It is the opinion of our sect that not every thing wo seo is real ; for matter is evasive, and sense dccoitful. Besides, the impressions it recoivos aro, by the quick and subtle influence of imagination, thrown into a variety of forms, many of which have no architypes in nature ; and this the imagination effects as easily as we may ranko an impression on wax. The mind of man, having in itself the plastic powers, and the com- ponent parts, can fashion and vary its objects at pleasure. This is clear, from the sudden transi- tion of dreams, in which tho imagination can educe from the slightest principles such au amazing variety of forms, and call into exercise all the passions of the soul. The mind is rierpotually in motion, and that motion is imagination or thought. But whon the body, as in your case, is fatigued with labour, it naturally suspends, or perverts, tho natural functions of the mind. Upon the whole, it is highly improbable that there should bo any suoh beings as demons, or spirits, or that, if there were such, thoy should assume a human shape or voice, or have any power to affect us. At the same. time, I own I could wish thero wore suoh beings, ' that we might not roly on (leets and armies, but brid the concurrence of tho gods in this our sacred and glorious enterprize.' Such (says Plutarch) vi ere the arguments ho mado use of to satisfy Brutus." And, considering how many centuries havo rolled over sinco, it is amusing to find how much greater a resemblance thoro is between the philosophizing of Brutus and of Brewster, than betweon Bvowster and somo of tho ghost-rovival ihts of tho presont days. Now, in the abovo ease, many of tho conditions existed for seeing visions. Brutus was abusing his nervous system; was over-working his mind and neglecting his body. Ile was oppressed witli all tho anxietios of state affairs, and a struggle was approaching-the orisis which must decide his own fate, and in some degree that of the Roman Commonwealth. He was an imaginativo man, too, prone to superstition-for Plutarch shows that Brutus, in ". disputing " with Cassius, must havo in " disputing" with Cassius, must havo affirmed that which the latter denied- viz. the existence of good 01 owl genii, and knowing what we now know of tho natuie and causes of these affections, theie can be no doubt that what Brutus bebet ed ho saw, vas only the coinage of his own excited main. In like mannei may you most pio bably aocount foi oveiy othoi stoiy of the liko lund, and this, too, .upon stuctly itasonablo as woll as natural principios. Granted, you perhaps say, in such cases as that of Brutus, as somo ghosts only appeal, according to some authorities, to one person at a time. Tor the simple reason, let us rejoin, that no two minds can e\er at tho same time be under the same de- lusion in all its particulars But you may dis- pute this illusion theoiy by citing cabes of ghosts seen of many at the same moment, and .' how account," you say, " foi apparitions of such a chaiactei?' To put this point faulj, I extract an instance from Su Walter Scott's work, which shows how difficult it is sometimes to account foi an apparition, and yet how obvious the explana tion is whon it comes " An apparition, ' ho saj s, " which took place at Plymouth, is well known, but it has been differently related, and having some íeason to think the following edition correct, it is an incident so much to my purpose, that you must pardon its inser- tion. A club of persons connected with science and literature was formed at the great sea town wo have named. Durmg the summer months the Bociety met m a cave by the sea- shore, ¿mung thoso of autumn and wintoi, they convened within the premises of a tavern, but, foi the sake of privacj, had their meetings in a summer house situated m tho garden, at a dis- tance fiom the main building. Some of tho membeis to whom tho position of their own duellings îendercd this comenient, had a pass Ley to the garden door, by M Inch thoy could enter the garden and leach tho summer-house without the publicity or trouble of passing through the open tavern. It was the rulo of this club that the meinbors presided alternately. On ono occa- sion in the wiuter tlio prestdont of the evening eli meed to bo very ill, indeed was reported to be 1 o lr.n41 lol mi " "i u T"* "" " .1 chanced to bo very ill ; indeed was reported to be on his death-bed. The club met as usual, and, ii oin n sentiment of respect, left vacant the chair which ought to havo boon occupied by him, if ia .his usual health. For the same reason, the con- versation turned on tho absent gentleman's .talents, and the loss expected to the society by Ids death. While they were on this melancholy theme, the door suddenly opened, and the ap .pearaneo of the president entered tho room. He v\oro a whito wrapper, a nightcap round his brow, the appearance of which was that of death itself. Ho stalked into the room with unusual gravity, took the vacant place of ceremony, lifted the empty glass which stood before him, bowed around, and put it to his Ups ; then replaced it on. the table and stalked out of tho room as silent as ho had entered it. Tho company remained deeply appallod. At longth, after many obser- vations on the strangeness of what thoy had soon, thoy resolved to despatch two of their number as ambassadors, to seo how it fared with the presi- dent, who had thus strangely appeared among them. They went, and returned with tho fright- ful intelligence that the friond after whom thoy bad inquired was that evening deceased. The asto- nished party thon resolved that thoy would remain absolutely silent respecting the wonderful sight .which they had seen. Their habits wore too philo- sophical to permit thom to believe that they had actually seen the ghost of their deceased brother, and at the same time thoy were too wiso mon to wish to confirm the superstition of the vul- gar, by what might seem indubitablo evi- dence of a ghost. The affair was therefore kept a strict secret, although, as usual, some dubious rumours of the tale found thoir way to tho public. Several yoars afterwards, an old woman who had long filled the placo of a sick nurse was taken very ill, and on her death-bed was attended by a medical member of the Philo- sophical Club. To him, with many expressions of regret, she acknowledged that she had long be- fore nttended Mr.-, naming the president whoso appearance had surprised the club so strangely, and that she felt distress of conscience on account of the manner in which he died. Sho said that as his malady was attended by light headeduess, she had been directed to keep a close watch upon him during his illness. Unhappily, she slept, and during her sleep the patient had awaked and loft the apartment. When, on her own awaking, she found tho bed empty and the Îiatient gono, she forthwith hurried out of the louse to seek him, and met him in the act of re- turning. She got him,Bho said, replaced in bed, but it was only to die thero. Sho added, to oon -vinco her hearer of the truth of what she said, that immediately after the poor gentleman ex- pired, a deputation of two members of the club came to inquire after their president's health, and receivedforanswer that he was already dead. This confession oxplained tho whole matter. The doliri . ous pationt had, very naturally, taken the road to the club, from some reeolloctions of his duty of the night. In approaching and retiring from tho apartment ho had used one of tho pass keys already mentioned, which mado his way shorter. On tho othor hand, the gentlemen sont to in- quire after his health had readied his lodging by a more circuitous road ; and thus there had been time for him to return to what proved his death- bed, long bofore they reached his chamber. The philosophical witnesses of this strange scene were now as anxious to spread the story as they had formerly boon to conceal it, since it showed in what a remarkable manner men's eyes turn traitors to them, and impress them with ideas far different from tho truth." I havo given this story at length; and in like manner, and in the some work, you will find other ghosts traced to rat-traps, to the magic-lanthorn, to ventrilo- quism, chemistry, and other equally natural, and satisfactory, causes. But, you may urge, is it not curious that ghosts have flourished equally among ancionts and moderns, under pagan as under christian dispensations? Doubtless. As universal as indigestion, and rascality and igno- rance, so universal, the ghost. The ghost seems always to have accommodated himself to the times. A regular trimmer, with no strong opin- ions of his own, no theological difficulties in tho way of his becoming a sort of post-mortem citizen of the world. ' Your good genius among the Greeks or Romans was your spectre next friend or attorney, who warned and looked after you, free of charge. Your evil genius, like Brutus's, meanly, when you were most anxious and least comfortable, came to make you more uncomfortable still. With the foundation of Christianity ghosts abandoned all their old clas- sical tricks, and turns, and fancies ; and as cor- ruptions began to grow in the Church, ghosts entered into partnership with the clergy of any denomination. The clergyman alone could lay a ghost. Had you derided or doubted the existence of ghosts or witches, even as late as 300 years ago, you would have probably earned the honour of feeding a Smithfield fire. If you read Dr. Bekker's remarkable book on this subject, you wal learn how potent and cheap an army of ghosts and other such recruits priestcraft for, centuries kept on foot for the sub- jection and management of credulous dupes, cheap indeed they were; for ghosts and witches ate no rations ; they wore no substantial clothes, they required no quarters, demanded no pay ; these legionaries of tho air had no mortal weak- ness but one-they were shy. They shrank, and paled away, and disappeared under the liabilities of publication. Indeed, Mr. Howitt himself admits this shyness in his favourites, for, with a sort of subdued humour, ho lately said (excusing a particular ghost in England for not entering an appearance when demanded by Mr. Dickens and his doubting and defiant friends), "How could it be expected that any ghost of common ghostly character would show out under such offensive circumstances?" There is something in this little "bit which induces a suspicion that William Howitt is only " making believe," after all,—for, had he any solid or well-founded confidence in and re- spect for his ghost, such as we all probably once entertained for tho ghost of Hamlet's Father, he -would not speak of his ghost in these light, and half-satirical, terms. And yet you meet with very sensible people who cry, " Why, it's curious ; Mr Howitt believes in ghosts, and everybody knows that Mr. Howitt is a very superior man, and altogether above the weak superstitions of the credulous and tho ignorant. It would be indecent . in me to impugn Mr, Howitt's judgement, but, without reading all through Sir Cornewall Lewis's book on the subject, we can account for the late frequent citation of Mr. Howitt by our daily observation of the weight which authority has even in matters of opinion. Few care to think on all subjects for themselves ; and whether it be on the subject of ghosts, or marrying a wife, or protection to native industry, the human mind seems too frequently to have a tendency to go on the crutches of other men's opinions. And as this seems to bo inherent in men, we cannot altogether refuse to look at the subject in this direction. If Mr. Howitt is urged as a thorough believer, you will find most, if not all other, educated men either doubting or dis- believing. Lord Bacon doubted ; but, as in every other subject, that deep and patient searcher into nature's secrets said " inquire ;" " collect instances :" reason from experience." We have heard much lately of Shakspeare. Have we any means of judging as to what his opinions were on this subject? Ithink we have. "Horatio," in " Hamlet," was a scholar, and the school- fellow of the Prince himself. In a scene I shall presently quote, I cannot but think that if Shaks- peare expressed his own opinions at all, he has done so through tho medium of Horatio. You will not fail, either, to remark, as we pass, how in Shakspeare's day the grandest dramatic effects were achieved by the ghost, operating as he did upon the large, and unquestioning faith of those Globe Theatre audiences in Southwark: See how Shakspeare marches and counter-marches his ghosts-" enter ghost" here-"exit ghost" there ; now, as " Old Truepenny," encouraging the habit of swearing, as he commands from the " cellar- age" in "Hamlet;" now taking the chair altogether uninvited at Macbeth's first state dinner. Think how the following (the opening scene in "Hamlet") must have been received among audiences who believed in ghosts as heartily as they believed in Cheapside. And mark especially what Shake- speare puts into the mouth of the scholar Horatio:— ACT I. Scene 1.--Elsinore : A Platform befbre tho Castle. Francisco on his post—Enter to him Bernardo. Ber_Who's there? Fran.-Nay, answer me : stand, and unfold yourself. Ber.-Long llve the King. Fran.-Bernardo? , Bor.-He. Fran.-You come most carefully upon your hour. Ber.-It Is now struck twelve ; get thee to God, Francisco. Fran.-For this relief much thanks ; 'tis bitter cold, and I am sick at heart. (How beautifully is supernatural fear sug- gested here; a fear the speaker will hardly whisper to his own heart.) Ber.-Have you had quiet guard? Fran.-Not a mouse stirring. Ber.-Well, good night; if you do moot Horatio and .Marcel) us, tho rivals of my watch, bid them make haste. Enter Horatio and Marcollus. Fran.-I think I hear them. Stand; who is there ? Hor.-Friends to this ground. Mar.-And Hegemon to the Dane. Fran.-Give you good night. Mar.-0, farewell, honost soldier; who hath relloved you? Fran.-Bornardo hath my place; glvo you good1 night. (Exit FrunciBco.) Mar - Holla, Bornardo ? , Ber.-Say, what. Is Horatio thoro? Hor.-A nlooo of him. Ber.-Welcome, Horatio, welcome, good Marcellus. Mar -What, has this thing appeared again to-night ? Esr.-I have seen nothing. War.-Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy, -And will not let belief take hold or him, Touching this dreaded sight twice seen of us ; Thcroforo 1 havo entreated him along "With us, to watch tho minutes of this night ; That if again this apparition come, He may approve our eyes, and speik to it. Hor.-Tush ! Tush ! 'twill not appear. Ber.-Bit down awhile,— .And let us once again assail your ears That are so fortified against our story, What we two nights have seen. Hor.-Well, sit we down, And let us hear Bernardo speak of this. Bor.-Last night of all, Whon yon samo star, that's westward from the polo, Had mado his courso to Murrio that part of heaven Whoro now it burns, Maroellus and mysolf, .Tho boll then boing ono Mar.-Peaco, broak thoo off; lookwhero It comes again! (Enter Ghoät.) Ber.-In tho samo figure, like the king that's dead. JIar.-Thou art a scholar ; speak to it, Horatio. Ber.-Looks it not like the lung's. Marie It, Horatio. Hor-Mort Uko:-It harrows me with fear and wonder. Ber.-It would bo spoke to. War.-Quostlon It, Horatio. Hor.-What art thou, that usurpest this tims of nicht. Hor.-What art thou, that usurpost this tima of night, Togothor with that fair and warlike form Jn which tho nmJeBty or burlod Denmark: Did sometimes march? By Heaven, I charge thoo, speak. (Exit Ghost.) Mar.-Tis gone, and will not answer. Bor.-How now, Horatio ! you tromblo and look palo; Is not this something more than fantasy ? What think you on't? Hor.-Boforo my God, I might not this bollove. Without tho oonsfblo and truo avouch of mine own oyo3. Mar.-Is It not Uko tho King 1 Hor.-As thou art to thyself; Such was the very armour lie had on When he the ambitious Norway combatod ; So frowned he once, when in an angry parlo, Ho smote the sledded Polaok on the ice. 'Ila atrango. Mar.-Thus twice before, and just at this dead hour, With martial stalk hath ho gono by our watch. Hor.-In what particular thought to work I know not; But In tho gross and scope of my opinion "i his bodos Boroo Btrango eruption to our state. Marcellus after this demands why this watch is kept up so; why such warlike preparations by land and sea are making; and the party draw from tho well- informed Horatio explanations bio- graphical, historical, and international, to ac- count for these strange indications, introducing this fine speech of Horatio, touching the appear ance of what Bernardo calls this " portentous figure:" Hor.-A moth it Is to trouble tho mind's oye. In the most high and palmy state of Rome, A little ere the mightiest Julius fell, The graves stood tenantless, and the sheeted dead Did squeak and gibber ln the Roman streets As stars with trains of fUre and dues of blood, Disasters in tbo sun, and the moist star, Upon whose influence Neptune's empire stands, Was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse ; And even tho lUko presclonce of flerce events, As harbingers preceding still the fates, And prologue to tbo omen coming on, Have heaven and earth together demonstrated, Unto our climaturce and countrymen Re-enter Ghost. But soft ; behold ! Io, where it conies again ! I'll cross it, though It blast me-stay, illusion ! If thou blast any sound, or use of voice, speak to me i If there be any good thing to be done, That may to thee do ease, or grace to me, Speak to me : If thou art privy to thy country's fate, Which happily foreknowing in»y avoid, 0,speak I Or if thou hast up hoarded in thy lUfe, Extorted treasure in the womb of earth, For which they say, you spirits oft walk in death. (Cock crows.) Speak of It ;-stay, speak Stop it Marcellus ! Mar.-Shall I strike at it with my partizan? Hor.-Do, if it will not stand. Ber.-Tis here I Hor.- 'Tis here ! Mar.- Tis gone ! We do it wrong, being so majestical, 1 o olTor It the show of violence ; Fcr it Is, as the air, Invulnerable, And our vain blows malicious mockery. Ber.-It was about to »peak when the cock crow. Hor.-And then it started Uko a guilty thing Upon a fearful summons. I have heard The cook that Is tbe trumpot to the mom, Both with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat, Awake tbe god of day ; and at his warning, Whether in aea, or Uro, or earth, or air, The extravagant and erring spirit hies, To his confine ; and ef the truth herein, This present object inaio probation. Mar.-It faded on tbe crowing of the cook. 801110 say, that over 'gainst that season comes Wherein our Saviour's hirth ia celebrated, Hie bird of dawning Blngeth all night long; And then, they say, no spirit can walk abroad ; lhe nights are whslesome ; then no pianota strike, Ko fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charra, So hallowed, and so gracious is the time. Hor.-So have I heard, and do In part bollove lb But look, the morn in russet mantle elad, Walks o'er the dew of yon high eastern hill ; Break wo our watch up ; and by my advice Let us impart what we havo seen to-night Unto young Hamlet, for upon my Ufo, This spirit dumb to us, will apeak to him. Bo you consent we shall acquaint bun with it. As needful in our loves, fitting our duty? Mar.-Let's do't, I pray ; and I this morning know Where we shall find him most conveniently. Now, the above scene, apart from the exquisite poetry and the dramatic power which pervade it, is a most interesting one in many other par- ticulars connected with our subject. It is diffi- cult, of course, from any dramatic form of com- position, to extract the author's opinion upon the subject he treats of. And yet, it is hardly too much to say that tho above scene shows that Shak- speare was not an absolute disbeliever in ghosts ; neither was he a believer. He simply doubted ; as legitimate and natural a state of mind as abso- lute belief or absolute disbelief. "So have I heard,"says the scholar Horatio, "and do in part believe it." " Thou art a scholar ; speak to it Horatio," say Marcellus, it being an opinion in those days that ghosts were only effectually exercisable or manageable by Latin—the un- translated Liturgy ; though why any and every ghost, the most illiterate, should become so deeply sensible of tho merits, and efficacy of the Latin language, while neither by sight nor sound was one word of it known to that ghost when in the flesh, may be a question for the curious in such things. We now merely call attention to. the ex- tent to which one great intellect was apparently disposed to believe possible these supernatural phenomena. But no playwright of our day would. have either faith or courage enough to start a new ghost. The drama, therefore, which works through terror and pity, has not the same grasp af agencies as in the olden time. It has now only ano instead of two worlds to work in. The here, shorn of tho hereafter. A new ghost would be in great danger from tho gallery. It is very curious to observe how gradual this change towards ghosts has been. You may trace it in our literature. In the libertine, profligate, unbelieving days of Charles the Second and Rochester, ghosts were scoffed at amongst the courtiers, but they never lost their hold on the populace. Coming down to the time of De Foe, we receive from that cele brated author and most original, various, and prolific genius, an entire work on the subject, entitled, " The Secrets of the Invisible World Disclosed ; or, a Universal History of Appari- tions, sacred and profane, under all denomina- tions, whether angelical, diabolical, or human souls departed, showing, first, their various re- turns to this world, with sure rules to know, by their manner of appearing, if they are good or evil ones. Second. The differences of the ap- paritions of ancient and modern times, and an inquiry into the Scriptural doctrine of spirits. Third. The many species of appari- tions, their real existence and operations by Divine appointment. Fourth. The nature of seeing ghosts before and after death, and how we should, behave towards them," &c.; Various other heads of chapters are given, but this fourth one (how we should behave towards ghosts) is the richest of all. De Foe here assumes not merely the existence of ghosts—angelical, dia- bolical, and human-but also a fixed and re- gulated commerce with them, as unquestionable as that of diplomacy or of tho Royal Exchange. Books of etiquette you have had on all subjects how to behave at your marriage, or at tho dinner table, or how to take off your hat to a lady in the street ; but hints on etiquette for the other world, seem to carry etiquette a long way, and to stand on points of etiquette with the devil. I do not believe De Foe would have done in actual practice any more than did Luther or Dr. Faustus. Apparitions were a favourite subject of De Foe, for you have all read, or read of, his famous "True relation of the apparition of one Mrs. Veal, the next day after her death, to one Mrs. Bargrave, at Canterbury, the 8th of September, 1708, which apparition recommends the perusal of Drelincourt's Book of Consolations against the Fears of Death." This publication, as you are aware, was written by De Foe for "an adventurous bookseller (as Sir Walter Scott calls him), who had ventured to print a considerable edition of a work by the Rev. Charles Drolincourt, minister of the Calvinist Church in Paris, and translated by Mr. D. Assigney, under the title of "The Christian's Defence against tho Fear of Death with several Defence against tho Fear of Death, with several directions how to prepare ourselves to die well." But however certain the prospect of death (says Sir Walter in his note to De Foe's work), it is not so agreeable (unfortunately) as to invite the eager contemplation of tho public; and Drelincourt's book being neglected, lay a dead stock in the hands of the publisher. In this emergency he applied to Do Foe to assist him (by dint of such means as were then, as well as now, pretty well understood in tho literary world) in rescuing tho unfortunate book from the literary death to which general neglect seemed " about to consign it." . . . . . . De Foe's genius and audacity devised a plan, which for assurance and ingenuity defied even the powers of Mr. Puff in tho Critic; for who but himself would have thought of summoning up a ghost from the grave to bear witness to a halting body of divinity? And so Sir Walter proceeds in a long and amusing note, which, however, to give entire will cost too much time. You will read, perhaps, if you have not already road, De Foe's own most marvellous, sustained, circumstantial, affectedly candid, and professedly evidence-sifting fabric of truth-like lies. The narrative makes Mrs.Veal's ghost, the day after that lady's death, visit Mrs. Bargrave, the latter being under the im- pression, until afterwards undeceived, that she had been conversing with Mrs. Veal in the flesh. In the course of a long conversation upon things in general, the old friendship, tho violent character of Mrs. Bargrave's husband, &c;, comes the pas sage for the assistance of the bookseller. You. must not forget 'tis Mrs. Veal's ghost speaking. " Then Mrs. Veal reminded Mrs. Bargrave of tho friendly offices she did her in former days, and much of the conversation they had with each, other in the times of their adversity ; what books they read, and what comfort in particular they received from Drelincourt's Book of Death, which was the best, she said, on that subject ever written. She also mentioned Dr. Sher- lock, the two Dutch books which were translated, written upon death, and seve- ral others. ' But Drolincourt, she said, had the clearest notions of death, and of tho future state, of any who had handled that subject. " Then she asked Mrs. Bargrave, whether she had Drolincourt. She said, 'Yes.' Says Mrs. Veal, ' Fetch it.' And so Mrs. Bargrave goes up stairs and brings it down. Says Mrs. Veal, ' Dear Mrs. Bargrave, if the eyes of our faith , were as open as the eyes of our body, we should see numbers of angels about us for our guard. The notions we have of Heaven now are nothing like what it is, as Delincourt says ; therefore be comforted under your afflictions (Bargrave, to wit, I suppose), " and believe that the Almighty has a particular regard for you, and that your afflictions are marks of God's favour, and when they have done the business they are sent for, they shall be removed from you. And believe me, my dear friend, believe what I say to you, one minute of future happiness will infinitely reward you for all your sufferings ; for I can never believe (and claps her hand upon her knee with great earnest- ness"-an action, I take leave to say, with all deference to De Foe, not replete with either feminine or ghostly grace-"claps her hand upon her knee with great earnestness, which indeed ran through most of her discourse) that ever ' God will suffer you to spend all your days in this afflicted state ; but be assured that your afflic- tions shall leave you, or you them, in a short time.' She spoke in that pathetic and heavenly manner, that Mrs. Bargrave wept several times, ' sho was so deeply affected with it." And so Da Foe proceeds, with much more in the same vein, " and "with a circumstantiality not exceeded by Dame Quickly's famed gilt-goblet speech, or by ' evidence from a witness-box. In an age like that of De Foe, when the highest were not too enlightened, and the masses were grossly igno- rant, no wonder De Foe's imposture was a great success. Mrs. Veal had seen, and more she ought to know. Backing up, therefore, as she ' did, Drelincourt, as a sort of Murray's Hand- book for the other world, no wonder the book sold. Sir Walter Scott says, "The copies had hung on tho bookseller's hands as heavy as a pile of lead bullets. They now traversed the town in every direction like the same balls discharged from a field-piece. In short, the ob- ject of Mrs. Veal's apparition was perfectly at- tained." Now, if we would learn from literature how the ghost interest is prospering, skip the Cock-lane ghost, and all such short-lived impos- tures, and come down at once to Mr. Dickens's ghost haunting tho lawyer's chambers in the " Pickwick Papers." You remember " the little old man's" stories in chapter 21; about the ro- mance of the Inns of Court, and the strange his- tories conneoted with them. He has just told startler which makes Mr. Pickwick in- voluntarily exclaim, " 'Funny.' 'Yes, funny are they not?" replied the little old man, with a diabolical leer; and then, without paus ing for an answer, he continued, ' I knew an- other man-let me see, it's 40 years ago now— who took an old, damp, rotten set of chambers in one of the most ancient inns, that had been shut up and empty- for years and years before. There were lots of old women's stones about the place : and it certainly was very far from being a cheerful one; but he was poor, and the rooms were cheap, and that would have been a sufficient - reason for him if they had been 10 times worse ' than they really were. He was obliged to take some mouldering fixtures that there were in the place, and amongst the rest was a great' lumbering wooden press for papers with large glass doors, for him, for he had no papers to put in it; and as to his clothes, he carried them about with him' and that wasn t very hard work either. Well, he had moved in all his furniture-it wasn't quite a. truck full-and had sprinkled it about the room so as to make the four chairs look as muoh like a dozen as possible, and was sitting down before the fire at night, drinking the first glass of two gallons, of whiskey ho had ordered on credit' wondering whether it would ever be paid for and if so, in how many years' time, when his eyes encountered the glass doors of the wooden VW*-A AK 8??s he' "«* I hadn't W " obhged to take that ugly article at the old broWsvaluation, I migEt have got something comfortable for the money. I'll tell you what if )WU.«««.ui mu mgiiuy. I'll tell yo.» "un .u is, old fellow," ho said, speaking aloud to the press, having nothing else to speak to, " if it wouldn't cost more to break up your old carcase, [ than it would everwo worth afterwards, I'd have ' a fire out of you in less than no time. He had hardly spoken the words, when a sound re- sembling a faint groan, appeared to issue from the interior of the case. It startled I him at first, but thinking, on a moment's 'reflection, that it must be some young fellow in the next ohambor, who had been dining out, ho put his feet on tho fender, and raised the poker to stir the fire. At that moment the sound was repeated, and one of the glass doors' slowly opening, disclosed a pale and emaoiated figure in soiled and worn apparel, standing ereot in the press. The figure was tall and thin, and the countenance expressive of caro and anxiety ; Tout thero was something in the huo of the skin, and quaint and unearthly appearance of tho whole form, which no being of this ' world was ever seen to wear. *' Who are you," said the new tenant, turning very pale;, poising thopoker in his hand, however, and takarnj .'. a very decent aim at 'the countenance 'of tto ' figure;-"Who aro you?" "Dont throw that poker at me," replied the form, " If you hurled it with over so ¿ure an aim, it would pass through mo'without resistance, and expend its foroe on the wood behind. I am a spirit." " And, pray, what do you want hero, faltored the tenant ?" " In this room," replied the apparition, " my worldly.ruin wa3 worked, and I and my children hoggared. In this press, the papers in a long, Ion», suit,which accnmulatcdforyoars, werodeposited. In this room, where I had died of grief and Ion?- I deferred hope, two wily harpies divided the wealth for which I had contested during a wretched ' existence, and of which nt last not one farthing was loft for my unhappy descendants. I territieu them from the spot, and sinco that day havo prowled by night-the only period at which I can revisit the earth-about the scenes of my loag Îirotracted misery. This apartment is mino, eave it'to me." "If you insist upori makin' your nppoarancB hero,"said the tenant,'who hil had time to collect his presonco of mind durin» this prosy statoinont of the ghost's, " I shall givo up possession with the greatest pleasure ; but Í should like to a&k; you one question, if you will allowmo." "Say on," said the apparition, sternly. " Well," said the tenant, " 1 don't apply ttia observation personally to you, because it is equally applicable to most of tho ghosts I over hoard of ; but it doos appear to mo somewhat incon- sistent, that when you havo an opportunity of visiting the fairest spots of earth-for I supposa space is nothing to you-you should always return exactly to the vory rilauo whoro you have baan niOBt miserable. " Egad, that's very truo . I never thought of that before," said tho ghost. " You see, Sir/' pursued the tenant, " this is ii very uncomfortable room. From the appoaranoa I of that press, I should bo disposed to say that it is not wholly free from bugs ; and I really think ! you might find much moro comfortablo quartern, to say nothing of the climate of London, which U extremely disagreeable." " Yon are very right, ! Sir," said the ghost, politely ; it never struck in! till now; I'll try chango of air directly," and, in fact, he began to vanish as ha spoke; his legs, indeed, had quite disappeared; " and . if, Sir," said tho tenant, oallin" after him, " if you could havo the goodness to suggest to the other ladies and gentlemen who ara now engaged in haunting old empty ¡houses, that I thoy might be much moro comfortable elsowhero, ' you will confer a very great benefit on society." " I will," lopliod the ghost ; " we must bo dull I follows-very dull fellows, indeed ; I can't ima- gine how we can have boon so stupid." With these words the spirit disappeared : and, what is rather remarkable, added the old man, with a shrewd look round tho table, ' he never cama back again.' ' That ain't bad if it's true,' said the man ' in the mosaic studs, light- ing a fresh cigar." Now in tho above passage, exquisitely ludicrous in its way, wa have the ghost scene in " Hamlet" burlesqued. The laughter with which you have received Mr. Dickens's grotesque mode of tackling a ghost is another evidence that there is but one step from ¡-.iiother evidence that lhere is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous. It marks also the extent to which' our belief in ghosts is weakened, as compared with the belief in Shakspeare's days, in those days, it is quite possible that such levity as Mr. Dickens's on so solemn a subject would have met with rebuke, instead of laughter. Is it matter of gratulation, or otherwise, that our generation are thus easy and comfortable on the subject of supernatural agencies? Surely, all things considered, it is matter of gratulation. "But," it may be urged, ''why should not ghosts exist? ' Why, if we believe in the existence of tho disembodied soul after death why should belief in ghosts be more difficult to us?" " Believe in the existence of ghosts, if you like," the natural philosopher will say, "but do not believe you can see with your healthy bodily eye any thing which is not material. The healthy retina must have some thing (not some nothing) from which to ' receive the picture of that thing to be transmitted to the storehouse of the brain. It is a question of optics. As a social question also, it is one of very vast consequence indeed. Who ever heirs now, except in some part of the mother- country from which, as yet, the schoolmaster and railroads have failed wholly to eradicate the local superstitious-who ever hears of a ghost who is proof against a Times correspondent? Furthermore, who ever hears of old women being in peril as witches? The evil eye is no longer known, Selling one's soul to tue devil is now a contract altogether obsolete. Second sight we aro told has been laughed out of Scotland- although, apparently, tho faculty, or hoinothing like it, has taken rctugu m Melbourne, and is advertised in The Argus, under tho alias of clairvoyance, or somo such titlo. It is enough, however, for modern comfort that old womon aro' now safe. Thoy are unsuspected of riding on broomsticks by moonlight. Thoy may pet cats without fear of being burned at the stake for it. They may even possess beards, and escape. This is some- thing. The world moves. You will find men to stand up for the wisdom of our ancestors. Such champions of the post will tell you that the pre- sent generation may havo more knowledge, but not moro wisdom, than our predecessors. Yet, wisdom does in somo dogree-not, perhaps, in equal degree- increaso with knowlodgo. It by wisdom we mean the habitual subjection of our conduct to our instructed reason, then, I say, the Srcsont,genei'atian is wiser than its predecessors, [o old woman in the present day could oven ba put through ahorse-poud tosea tvhethershoiloatod guiltily as a Witch, or sank and drowned inno- cently as an ordinary old woman. Look at thoso excellent ancestors of ours. There are no very satis- factory means of ascertaining whether Romanist) or Protestants have in England done most in the witch-burning line. But it appears that the first statute against witches was the 33rd of Henry VIII., and the 6lh of Elizabeth pronounced witchcraft to be folonv. Jamen T ntl" «f n>« IA..., ..nu 1...V, urn ni xjiuuutiiu prououneod witchcraft to be felony. Janies I., one of the most royal idiots that over reigned, encourage! the persecutions of witchcraft in a work caned " Dialogues and Demonology." It is calculated that in 200 years the murders committed under pretext of witchcraft amounted to about 30,000. That noble enthusiast, Joan of Arc, was burned as awitch by the English in the year 1431. A vory celebrated judge, Sir Matthew Halo, sentenced to death in the year 1U04 two poor women a j -witches, who were burned according!}', the cele- brated judge arguing, that " there must bewitches, because there nore Acts of Parliament to punish them." In the year 1712 ono Jane Wenhara was found guilty ot witchcraft at Hertford, against the charge of the judge who tried her. She had been committed by au absurd justice of the peace to Hertford gaol on the charge of conversing with the devil in the shape of a cat. The parish parson, the Reverend Mr. Brugge, in his evidence st the trial, declared, '? on the faith of a clergy- man," that poor Jaùo was a witch, whereupon the judgo protested " on the faith of.a judge, that ho, llragge, was no conjuror." So late as the year 1710, a Mrs. Mary Hickes and her daughter (the offspring of a witch, of course), being a little girl only nine years of age,ítiero tiiod at tlio.Huntuig don Assizes, and executed on Saturday,' the 28th of July, of the same j ear. In short, in most of the assize towns throughout England, from the 15th to the 17th century, trials, convictions, and" executions for this nnaginery offence were so common as scarcely to oxcite any popular sensation. Similar monstrous proceedings took place in our American colonies, in Mas- sachusetts a"nd Pennsylvania, three judicial murders during the years 10415 and 1G83, being unusually numerous. Nor were the people of the Continent a jot wiser, or less suporatitious, One historian ' states that 500 witches wore executed in Geneva in about three months about thVyear 1515. Hundreds also were burned in Como, Lorraine, and other less consider- able places. One of tho most note worthy cases was the burning of Grandier, the parish priest of Loudon, in the year lu J i, for bewitching a whole convent of nuns. The Aats of Parliament against witches were repealed in tho 10th of George tha Second; maiiy'people, like Sir Matthew Hale, being of opinion'until that repeal that there must bj witches, as there wero laws to punish them. Who has'not seerr/'in England, in town SB well a? country;' horseshoes nailed upon the threshold) of houses ás! 'infallible specincs for excluding witches ? Trie ¡superstition, therefore, still lin- gers in seclrided parts of tho old country, but no formal complaint! against a witch has been made later than"tho year 1834, and that'was to the Mayor of Yarmouth,, requesting him to have up an old lady "to examine her for pro Tenting 'the''complainant from getting any sleep' night1' dr day. 'Snob, 'things would ba hardly'credible bj- us of tha. present day, but 'that they -'are'as well Ttuched' for as tho oxist ,enc6 of' Sir Matthew Hate'hlmwlf. You won . der why''old'women should have been so run upon' in this- line of burning. A very natural wonder,1 forr what oan bo more harmless, aud, indeed, frequently what can bo more interesting, than your old' lady where' she knows how to be old (as Rochefoucauld says), and is intelligent and can be good humoured and reminiscent? At what age did a' woman become qualified for a witch? The woman, burnable as a witch at 70, had probabiy been a beauty and a goddess at 17. Odes to her eye-brow for 17 ; *horseponds and Smithfield 'fires' for 70. Some warm fancied 'l'homas Moore of those days, might perhaps think,' and say," if ho did not sing to that in- toxicating 17,~ ' iii " Bflievc me if all thoso endearing young charms i Which I gaze on so fondly to-uay, ' Were to fade by to-morrow and fleet in my arms, Like fairy gifts fading away. . i Thou would'st still boas dear as this moment thou i I '' art, J bet thy loveliness fade as It will, And around the dear ruin each wish of my heart. Would entwine ilbelf verdantly still." " Beautiful !" ',' Oh, delicious!" cry all the yetto* ladies; and of course all the old ones, if there aro .myola ones, 'endorse the doctrine. So do I ; but let us go a little furthor. ,Wait until 'those *' endearing' young charms have become endearing old charms. "'Wait until Nora Creina is married.' Wait until she is a mother and a grandmother. Wait until she has lost all her teeth, and dentists aro in vain. Wait until the fine complexion is gone, and wrinkles haye ploughed up that once alabaster surface. Wait until the now poor old woman, bent double, and walking with a stick, is brought to the easy-chair and the chim- ney corner, and until possiblo neglect of chil- dren may have drivon her in some degrae to cultivate tho society of-cats! Where ii our sobriety thon? Whither flown? Drunk once with beauty, we may forgive the soberness which follows upon that beauty departed. But what are we to say to the disgust an I the persecution whioh follow upon the former IOVJ and admiration? Would it not be gross slimdor of that paragon of animals-man-to insinuate for au instant that his judgements or his conclu- sions can ever bo the slaves of his eyes? Yet, for little other reason, that I can see, than that the old lady is no longer young, that she sits on one side of the fire and her confidential cat on a chair at the other side, and that the old lady mumbles something to the cat, and the cat purs in return, and arches his back, and seems to con- duct himself like a witch's private secre- tary, describing with his pleased tail various figures, as if mysteriously writing with it upon nothing, aro the old ladies once fascinations and conquests to count for nothing ? And is thero no better fare for her now than til'* horse-pond by way of preface, and a Smithfield fire as the conclusion of that once-brilliant career? This sounds extravagant, doos it not? I think it does. And.yet, in tho very coolness of my reason, I say it is the mere unexaggerated, thousands of times repeated, literally accurate history of many thousands of old women amongst our forefathers and forcmothers. In short, in the intense ignorance of those ages, when a witch was wanted, an old woman, to the popular apprehension, looked the character better than a young woman; and she was hauled forth and dealt with accordingly. lu those days no man's mother-nay, no man's mother-in-law,able as tlw latter class of females have been reputed for taking care of themselves- was safe. And yet you will every now and then come across some remarkable, and I had almost said stupendously idiotic conservative, who affects to mourn our degeneracy, and sighs for the " olden time" and " the wisdom of our ancestors." But I trespass on your time and patience, and must tlr.nv rein. For my own part, I rejoice that my arrival on this planet has been deferred until tho 19th century. I congratulate you on being in the same position. It is truo, perhaps, that imagination has at first sight less to work in than of old. But that lesson- ing of our means is merely superficial. What we have lost in breadth, we have got, or may got, in depth. What is lost in sensation may be gained fin thought and passion. Shakspeare was so great, and profound, and universal, that had he been born in our day he would not have felt the want of ghosts. Ho used ehosts becnuso thev worn of ghosts. He used ghosts because they were acceptable to his time. Be this as it may, the ghost has had his day. No revivalists can ever restore him as ho once was. Ile has been swept out of the instructed world, together with witchcraft and many other forms of absur- dity, ignorance, and superstition. It is true, I have heard of a haunted house at St. Kilda ; but I cannot but think that the report has been got up by somo dealer in soft goods, in the vain hope to get the premises at a reduced rent. For all practical purposes of life, and the drama, then ict us consider the ghost as no more ; and that there are no witches now save those that are young and beautiful. Let us rejoice with each other in this ; and if we are compelled to look out for fresh dramatic excitements, is not this better than that old women should be perpetually com- pelled to look out for themselves? Lastly, let it not disturb our reasonings or our opinions upon this subject, that very many wise men have believed in ghosts, and that many old ladies have lived who have actually pleaded guilty to the crime of witchcraft. When we read, as we do, that Sir Matthew Hale believed in witchcraft; and that Sir Thomas Brown, tlio author of Vulgar Errors, ltcligio Me- dici, ka., himself gave evidence against witches on their trials ; and that many other (for those days) well-informed and accomplished men were subject to such superstitions, we aro at first very apt to look down from the heights of modern science, and to regard even theso eminent persons as, after all, very little better than so many intellectual children. You wonder at those ancient soothsayers, whon they looked into tho entrails of birds for the issues of battles be- tween great armies. You laugh at oracles, and evil-eyes, and omens, though Dr. John- son did touch all the posts as he walked ulong Fleet-street, and Rosseau did stake his salvation on the hitting or miss- ing a tree at which he aimed with a stone. Exquisitely diverting is it to us that Scottish farmers of some centuries back should have set out " the gudeman's croft," or their farms, as a Bort of pre-emptive right for the Devil to amuse himself with when agriculturally disposed-a form of superstition whioh shows a prudent resolve to stand well with both sides. You no longer say, " God bless you !" when your friend sneezes ; you care not a farthing for the spilling of tho salt, for tho crossing of tho knife and fork, for the howling of the dog under your window at night, for the 13 people at the dinner-table, or for lucky or unlucky stars. We certainly wonder somewhat when we lead of instances of ancient ladies occasionally resenting doubts of their powers to bewitch, showing how superstition can be backed by vanity, even at the risk of life, and that receiving credit for the possession of power has been sometimes sweet to woman, though that power be exercised in partnership with the Devil himself, and no limited liability. It is well known-the story is told by Lady Char- lotte Bury (not very creditable to the teller) of her former mistress, Queen Caroline-that she was in the habit of modelling little figures as much as possible into the royal shape of George the Fourth, and then burning or piercing them -with pins, &c;, believing that as the paste or waxen Royal Georges were well worked in this way, the flesh and blood one would roar with tho torture. Now, given such a faut us this, that a foolish woman believes such nonsense, she may, without much further difficulty, believe, and con- fetis herself to be, what other ignoraut people fess herself to be, what other ignorant people call her. As to confessions, easy enough is it ta understand the confessions extracted by starva-. tion, by darkness, by torture, under which means a poor old victim has declared that, abandoned as a witch by husband, children, and friends, con fession was tho best, when life was a burthen and death a relief. I fed no complacency at our own superiority to such enormities, but am awed when I read of such things, and of the superior people who have believed in them. In- deed, it seems clear that no intellect, however vast or penetrating, is able to rise entirely above and out of the errors and prevailing superstitions into the midst of which it is born, and which that more individual intellect is always hearing respectfully mentioned, and seeing generally acted upon. Every mind is born into a sort of moral prison, and must procure wise freedom for itself as best it may.. It would be most absurd, and unphilosophical, therefore, for any of tha present generation to look down upon the credulity of a Sir Matthew Hale, a Reginald 'Scot, or a Sir Thomas Browne, for we have only one advantage over them- we came into the world later. We co-exist with universal printing and with electric telegraphs. For the rest, it is certain that our sympathies and our weaknesses incline us to believe what other pea pie believe, or say they believe. It is not easy to believe that any old lady ever rode out by moon- light astride upon a broomstick, as that respect- able femule friend of our boyhood-Mother Ship- ton, in a red cloak and high-crowned hat- was always represented to be doing in those portraits of her prefixed to her collected works. Dut even this is nearly as easy of belief as that a loo-table should dance without a partner, or that Jones should be able to say what is passing in your mind as distinctly as you know it your self ; and yet, many people, even now, pro ress to believe in these things. But those beliefs are classed among the wonders of science, and are not properly superstitions. At any rate they are harmless, and threaten no one's life or safety. Not so with superstition. That 'is cruel, ignorant, knowledge-resisting, and ra morseless. Resolute honest thought can alone root it out ; that habit of independent thinking which came in with the discovery of printing and the Reformation, and which makes the world so much less dangerous to live in than of old. Fancy, if you can, a mechanics' institute like this any time before the reign of Henry VIII. Had any Mr. David Blair then adventured a lecture " on the Vestiges of Creation," his audience would pretty soon have made a vestige of him. Had Mr. Richard Birnie then tried his hand at " Personal Recollections of London Cele brities," it would have been at the imminent risk of becoming merely a personal recollection him self, after being roasted as a dangerous celebrity in the centre of Smithfield. Even Mr. Gibbons's phenomena of colours would hardly have been safe ground in those days. But now, in every part of the British dominions, tho liberty to think and to speak is ours ! What it has done for us may it do for all; especially for all poor struggling Italies, and other juggled and outraged nation- alities, now struggling from tho darkness towards tho light ! May those most terrible of all trades' unions, of despotisms, clerical and lay, soon be swept out of the world, and become merely great corporation-ghosts themselves, to excite the wonder of future historians; and may all en- lightened and liberty-giving Kossuths, and Maz- zinis, and Garibaldis, and Victor Emmanuels go on with their patriotic and benevolent work, caring as much for the ghosts of dead tyrannies and super- stitions as you and I do! Old bogies (however otherwise named) and literary mechanics' insti tutes cannot possess the earth together; and as it is not convenient for us to go, why the others must. And with this inevitable conclusion, til 'thanking you for your sustained attention, I take my leave of these ghostly themes, and, lest ''witching hour surprise us, now say, " Good f night " (hand and protractted cuooriog.) 