GOLDEN DELUSIONS. EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. SIR,— It is painful to see with what tenacity the old Van Diemonians abide by the gold de- lusions of this land. One says, "Lo here is gold!" Another says, "Lo there is gold!" A third says, "Well, now there is gold, and no mistake about it this time." On the strength of these very intelligent representations away goes Patrick with his swag and his mate, and Bridget behind him. He is of to the diggings. All the way to Mangana they go, repeating the stale cant that has been used with a sickening fre quency the last two years. They are going as "alluvial diggers" In search of "auriferous depo- sits." There are the "mining operations," "the gold-bearing quartz." "The mineral resources of the colony must be worked out" (Albeit they must be worked in first). These are the mis- leading modes of speech which represent a state of things which has no positive or profitable exist ence among us but in the morbid imagination of the press and the people. To help on the delusion Dr. Otway works his portable machine and delivers his prophecies. The Hobartonians seem determined to gulp his "Yankee-doodleisms." Time, however, will show them that they have read the revelations of their oracle backwards. Ten pennyweights only meant ten pennyworths. The difference between him and his disciples is only just the difference between a pound and ten pence. But the gold visions had been very harmless. Indeed had they been supported only by Irish diggers who could show a real live nugget as big as any bane that ever grew in Tipperary; and the spifling doctor with his Aqua Calcenta! All classes have come out to give their sanction to the monstrous hallucina- tion! Tell it not in Garh! Hide it from poste- rity, that his Excellency Sir Henry, the Attor- ney-General, with the Rev. —Barkway, and the Hon — Gell, should have travelled so far to prolong a deception, and to keep up a general blindness to the real state of things at Major's Gully and the Midland Company's machinery. The humiliation had not been so complete had the ariel notion been proposed only by minis- ters, and magistrates, and mechanics, and edi- tors, innkeepers, special reporters, and share- holders. But what crowns the disappointment, and renders it the most confounding is: that the highest officer among us should have postponed by his presence and influence a catastrophe that must be all the more crushing when the auriferous ghost shall have vanished, and the golden bubble shall have collapsed into its own proper nothingness. And, Sir, I feel sure that a few months will find you in repentance for having worshipped the golden god set up east and west. Can you consistently preach the doctrine of retrenchment, when you yourself have sanc- tioned the expenditure of public money for the formation of new roads, the repair of old ones, for search and for survey, with no other pro- fessed object than the sentimental and sickening cry for gold. Fifteen hundred pounds for a bridge at Fingal! It will not be completed in time for the last disheartened digger who shall bear his kit and his crushed hopes from Mangana to some more paying and profitable employment, nor for Dr Otway to return his portable engine to his dispirited supporters to be sold to the highest bidder to meet the balance due for pros- pecting at the Black Boy, &c.; Did you not approve of the spectacle this country presented some moths ago when a whole parliament was sitting in solemn deli- beration, dull legislation for a mere myth! The gold regulations, to be sure, may be of some use when they find their way to the butter shops; but what shal we say of the gold they were intended to regulate? The appointment of Mr Tully as gold com- missioner was proper and popular supposing there had existed any reason or a sufficient reason for such an officer; he would have been the right man for the right place had there been any place to occupy. That gentleman's risible faculties must have enjoyed a jubilee since his advent to office; will the find of gold pay his bill of fare? The Executive were determined that nothing should be wanting on their part to make cer- tainty more sure. Doubt must yield to con- vixtion if the people follow their leadership. The postal accommodation is increased from twice to three times a week to the gold district. Half the population between the coast and Campbell Town are inconvenienced by this change; but what of that? The diggings must be cared for: the diggers must be conveyed on the shortest notice to the Nook or the nearest field of operation. Our rulers are affected by the metallic mania; they are believers in the golden fudge. But the tide has turned; the ebb will soon leave many a golden dream high and dry and deserted; public feeling is rapidly changing here on this subject. Let the share- holders in every mining company in the colony put down an ounce of gold found here on the income side, and the amount of gold squan- dered in finding it on the disbursement side, and then I feel sure that by an easy rule of arithmetic they will find an ugly balance on the wrong side of the sheet. It would not be a dif- ficult thing to show that every ounce of the precious metal taken has occasioned the outlay of a thousand pounds or a sum approaching near to it. Let the press and those who influence public opinion ponder this article and then say what would Fingal have been had their unguarded representations maddened the ex- citable materials in society here a has been the case elsewhere; should we not have witnessed the rush and the wretchedness of Port Curtis? What advantage has accrued to us from the gold discoveries? Has the colony been bene- fitted? What interest either civil, social, or sacred can shew an improvement as the re- sult? Public money has been lavished away and there is still a whining wall for more east and west. But if every man who wishes to purchase a tin dish, a pick and shovel, and tell the Colonial Treasurer he is going to develope (devel-ope) the mineral resources of the colony, is he on that plea t have rations and a road cut for him by public money? What single benefit can arise? There would be an end of all economy and common honesty. We might as well give up our private interests and become a nation of paupers and pensioners on the public purse, and each man had as well turn out at the head of his household with his billy. his luciler box, and his oppossum rug and altogether become a gold miner. We conclude, let the gold seers and the gold seekers look well to it in the future. Let the former be more modest in their predictions and the latter more moderate in their expectations and descriptions ad we shall soon return to a more healthy sentiment on the subject; at least if we do not soon a financial perdition deep and hopeless awaits us. BEN NEVIS. 