HUNTING. MKJ.nonji»WK jit hihi noixxns. Dkaii Beu,— Our meet on the 18th woi fixed for Fridav, so as not to interfere with thu Caultiold Itaccs, and.thls day not being very convenient for tho majority of .business folks (of which class most colonists consist), it was not expected that much of a muster would congregate at Overman's, tho Hunter's Uost. However, what with the prospect of an improved scent, from a geniio iau 01 rain tno previous day, and the attractions of a lovely morning, over thirty horsemen assembled at the tryst, amopgst whom wero many regulars. Ono most gratifying circumstance was the entry of some new pinks, the wearers thereof being newly joined juveniles; nor could theso young folks have moro wisely Invested a portion of tLoir Incomes than by becoming members of a body who aro enrrving out Britain's mast noble sport in a stylo that is a credit to Australia. Tho first business to bo transacted, of course, was to stow away Borne of tho goodlv comestibles pro vided by mine host, and then, punctual to the adver tised hour of eight, tho master gave tho word to mount. As usual, a few of those who consider 'a spur in tbo head worth two in. tho heel' took astirrup-cun or two, but.boforo the hounds had got a mile down tho lane, all stragglers had coma up. In. looking over the quadrupedal portion of tlio cavalcade, tho most noticoible horses w,ero Blackbny, ltamb'er, Half- caste, Birthday, Comus, Ulmrod, Princo Albert, Wandering Jew, nnd The Den; though there wero seve ral very promising naps as vet unknown to tirrO or fame. On reaching tho scrub, tho line selected for the draw took us over thrco log fences of no formidable height, but just sufficient to try the mettlo of tho tyros, and to place the old hands on- goad terms -iiVih-Yiwwd v -wiWMi\»,-.-*.-teit~Uw(,Vrvirrt-'tift— itext.- scrambleR, occurred, but npbody got further from his snddlo than the horse's neck, except ono young fellow who found a resting placo on' the enrs. After, halfan hour's beating about, a flying-doo juinped up at view, tho pack opened merrily, and away wo dashed, nt a very fair paco, through heath and scrnb foriabout threo miles, when tho hounds throw up, without belnp ' lifted ;' they soon gotonterms again,, and this second burst intro duced several protty littlo fences. At ono of them a juyenllo member, on a Iiorso christened Sir Roger do Coverly. obtained tho. honours of a comploto capsize, and taking the shinooffhls now coat; Oiuccoverlng ills legs it took him half-a-mimilo to so fur recover his eyesight as to sco his horso, /although : if wris immediately 'cnught and hold within six yards of him. Wo now f ncht tliron hours in running rings nftcrourrjuarry, occasional checks allowing wind to our lags, and a fow easy fences afford ing a little variety of fun, but occasioning no mishaps Tho pack behaved extremely well, runnihif tbo trail, at ono time, as true ns possiblo through a flock of sheep At length, a short time after having nguin viewed the filer, wo found oursehes on tha edge of a swamp, nuito closo to tho covert whence wo started, and It was a cer tainty that tho kangaroo must bo 'planted' iu tho vici nity. After acarelul senreh, tho scent havlii' failed almost entirely, it was dccldod that the long-tnfiotl 'un must have got into tho swamp for refuge. Accordingly tho smaller of tho two whips attempted to flounder through tho bog; but, finding that in miotlicr length or so thero was every probability of horse, nnd lnd disap penring altogether, tho master gnvo up the.' blooding' the hounds as hopeless, though a ' kill ' may fairly bo recorded. On roturning towards Overman's for the needful re freshment of lunch, n Iov-'.toJ nnd foil'- uouthed indh i dual, whoso homestead wo wero passing, ton!; occasion to blackguard tbo field, in the choicest ot slnng. for having trespassed on his grounds. Mr. Watson, in tho most gentlemanly manner, told him lli-nt anv damages should cheerfully bo paid ; but tho up-etnrt musnnt preferred iibuso to money, nnd became milienr.ibiy insolent Hut for tho earnest reqKArt. of hlj r.ll.,«-.spi.if.i'tu ll'.-it ho v.-.,uM iiot d.-.-Mi, iho l.r.l.,Mr.\V«iH.''iwoui.il,;.vn iiM.iow.iippui inns. ,11! thu .«[.,-:i, a tiv.-.tniciit jichly ilt^rv;vW !io\Ytvc,-,i'i',iir,tC'iVi. Ghost' a-.a h.:^m\ tMs ? ? ' 1 -»-n-- ? I rockaloc nettler that such conduct a, tin will . „„„,* find n reporter to hold it up to shnmp. Wli'n su'h fellows as h« in their puny rage, talk about thero, not ,» being 'n pound amoncst tbo let of red-contu,' they ' show n sort of lintf-joking ignnranrn nf lnn»unL'-. for of our men it can only be cnid that it would be bard work to pound the lot. On Thursday morning, the Qiieen'a birtliilav, we met nt Onkleipli Steeple, n most home- like sounding tryst. Where the aforesaid steeple exists, tbo deponent is puzzled to describe, unless « sort of church like looking . barn, or rnlhcr barn like looking church, he the correct nomination. Natholess, If the steeple wore bird to tind, tho Former's )Iome, where a pood hrenkfant wan laid out, ., was not so difficult to discover, nnd bctwo 'ii tho hours' ' of seven nnd eight in tho morning, n constant arrival of horsemen eauned most active employment to ostlers in leading nngs, nnd to servant-girlii in .iiipplving un- - limited chops and steaks. From daylight until after seven o'clock, the rain come down in buckets' full, and such dashes of lightning illuminated the dinky sky at sunrise, that it was astonishing unybody dnred to face tho war of elements: but hunters care littlo for outside weather, and nearly fifty cavaliers, in pink;' demi-rig, upd plain mufti, followed Ihe pack to cover oa ' the master marshaljed the way. It may be, that tho ' ? traditions of the famons Epping Hunt, on the Queen's '' , birthday, induced a larger field than looked for of Her' 1' Mnjeaty'fl loyal colonial subjects, fliid thnt theniviin'ngo ? of n gcncrnl holiday assisted the munler; but this is' ' certain, that no such turn-out figured with tho M.IIC. ' ' ' »s bolh disgrnces and ridicules Her Majesty's buck- ? hound; at the Cockney Hunt on the 2-itli of May. In- - stead of n lot of dandy tailors, affected counter jumpers, ' coarse horse- dealers, vulgar coster-mongers, and holiday ? scliodl-boj-.o, nil mounted on hired, borrowed, bcspavlnecl roslnantes, the Melbourne Queen's Blithday Hunt had a ' .finolot of straight-going, ornf any rate alralght-moan- ' Ing followers, and the turn out was'n credit to Victoria. - ^Tho crni'k nngs out were Blnckboj-, Nimrod, Innac, All-- I spice, Mocking Bird, Scissors, Don, ComUB, Princo AI- -' fcert, Knmblcr, and Birthday. Ittook some lime to find, ' owing lo a scarcity of knngar.o in the adjacent bush ; but in about an hour a fine doe got up in n paddock near * Mulgrave, and 09 was written of Johnny Gilpin, ? '' ' 'The trot became a gallop soon.' Fence after fence was faced, cleared, baulked, broken, or shirked, during o run of more than n do2en miliw, and. the hounds .worked so well that scarce a check worth mentioning occurred.'. Under the Dnndcnong Ilnn'gO, ' over tho Bnld Hills, across dozens of 'cockatoo furinx,' and through Keys's paddocks near Cheltenham,' tho gradually decreasing Held Bulled onwards, and those who were in tho 'first flight' had Indeed a treat worth all the tricksy pleasures of icviews or levees. The only serio-comlcal incidents were early in tho dny, when, 'our young Irish friend,' emulating the Hon. See's, lato styleof 'showing Iho way,' whilst tho hounds wcre*drawlng, mado a commodious gap bv d'nt of rolling, , groy pony and all, through a brush fciice; and nt tho commencement of the run, one oftho worthy subscribers „ to the Hunt parted company with hisprad over a thiee- * railer, and found himself on tho crown .of his head ' instead of at another 'Crown.' At tho 'finish,' ' - tho field wns very select indeed ; in fact, so le'cct, ' thnt the ' Ghost.' cannot givo moro minnte particulars .' than those nbova recorded. The. kill was obtained in a ' , deep morns3, and thercforo no. ' brush' cou'.d be se-, „' cured.' Of tho working of the hounds it may truly be ', said thnt it vrn9 beautiful to witness, ami it must also , bo mentioned that this was the first day in' iho season t that they, have really, had any chance of a tailing scent.:, A lyro, the younger brother of a ' 1 egular,' greatly dis- , tlnguiihcd blmselfonPelcr, Mr. Wn'Bou's former favourite, , for ho was ' all alone in bis glory' nt thecroam of the good, thing. That many moro such glorious chases may be ; enjoyed, and their delights shared by us good fields, Is i tho ardeut hope of . NIMilOU'S GHOST. . : 