LETTERS TO THE EDITOR, SIR—"A Mouse in the cupboard" revealed certain secrets, a week or two ago which were well worth knowing ; and it is with extreme regret that I heard of his death the other day, because I have no doubt that had he lived a little longer other secrets, equally interesting and important, would have been divulged to us. I was seated on the ground the other night, when two of the characters previously referred to by " the mouse" came into close proximity to me. The night was dark, intensely : dark, for sombre clouds o'erspread the arch of heaven. and hid from our view those luminous orbs that twinkle so merrily in the azure vault above. In fact, it was such a night as Hamlet's ghost would have chosen to make his midnight's peram- bulations in search of the murderer, and the hour near on twelve. Both seemed rapt in deep thought, when suddenly the silence was in broken,one soliloquising thus— L——D: Well, how strange it is that men become so unpopular. I have now been a long time up here. I have seen thrones overthrown kingdoms disrupted, and crowned heads laid low in the old country. Here I have seen the barren wilderness made to blossom like a rose, a swamp converted into a thickly populated town, and princely squatters ere now have taken me by the hand and hailed me as a brother, yet to-night I was told to lay down like a dog. B—L — N : Pshaw, L——D, you must be an arrant fool thus to give way to melancholy. Think you I care for the opinion of such a noisy rabble as that we had the misfortune to be amongst to-night. No! Why when I first commenced butchering, and carried the meat myself around the town, I thought myself even then above the common herd. It is true I have had no learning beyond the three R's, and have no natural ability to compensate me for my want of occupation, but what care I for that ? Those who have it are tarnished. I have clean shirt, without spot or blemish, and con- sequently can carry my head higher than they. Tush, man, I would not allow them to come between "the air and my nobility." L—— d : Be careful! You know not who may be listening, besides you libel when thus you talk. Judge not that you be not judged. The voice of the people is the voice of God, and have they not declared their voice against us this night? We have no chance. Either M'c——Y or G——M will be the man depend upon it. B— L— N : Ah ! ah ! ah ! Well, I declare, you are a funny fellow truly. Chiding me, and yet you compared the rabble to-night to untutored Chinamen and Witham's monkeys. There is but a step from the sublime to the ridiculous. Napoleon said, and by my stars I agree with him. You have exemplified aphorisms to a nicety. First chiding me for judging un- graciously, and yourself the greatest sinner of the two. Ah ! ah ! ah ! L——D: But stay, you are going too fast. You made yourself as ridiculous as me, and that G——M proved, and C—BB corroborated. If it was premature to call a meeting that night, was it not equally premature to have your requisition out three weeks ago. Moreover, you say you do not , wish to be elected, then why send your own requisition out by your own servant, on a Sunday, to get signed ? Now who is in the most ridiculous position ? Me or thee — eh ? B—L — N : A decided case of "pot calling the kettle smutty," I Admit. But was it not a rummy lot they nominated ? Bullock drivers, splitters, and fencers, and heaven only knows what else. I really am sorry I was associated with such a mob. Somebody called me the "Canning Downs Tiger," too, and they cheered that to the echo. L——D: The monkeys put the finish on it — it was the key stone to the structure B—L — N : Not at all. To have put tbe finishing touch on it you should have been nominated "Corporation Monkey Feeder." L—— D: And you "Monkey Nuisance Inspector." B — L— N: But joking apart, what do you think of the election? Do you think I have any chance? Because if I thought I would get, licked I would retire. L——D: I really can't say — the meeting was against you certainly. But things may mend— you may be the eighth or ninth Alderman, but not the "Mayor." B—L — N : But who can be the Mayor then? There is no one else. The "Beaks" would like but thee or me. My requisition is signed by seventy-three : headed by two M.P.'s, and three J.P'.s. There is not another would get that. L——D: You would be better without them. If your requisition was signed by seventy- three, how was it not a hand was held up for you tonight? That looks ominous. No, I think! your chances of being first Mayor are very doubtful indeed. The thing was done with too much haste, and people got disgusted. My chance is even better than thine. But hark ! I hear loud voices, and angry altercations and my name very often ejaculated. There's a row, so let's retire. You, to inhale the perfumes of the piggery, and I to enjoy the fragrance of my sweetmeats. A ferocious member of the canine species passing, I lept upon a fence and became A 'POSSUM ON A RAIL. September 18th, 1860. 