THE 'BENDIGO ADVERTISED '(PUBLISHED DAILY.) ' . PROGRESSION, OUR BIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. ? HANDHURST, SATURUA >*, JULY. 21, 18U0. THE CLOSING .SCENE. . THERE is a story told of au impulsive dramatic author, who, having in'one of his tragedies killed all the principal characters in the third actj had to carry on the^romauider of the play by introducing the undertakers. Our Parliament .is' not impul sive iu its slaughtering, but by a system of slow poisoning it manages in. the ond to get rid of .a number of victims., Ilow long the play, of'legis latiou is' likely. to,last we cannot undertake to predict, but is pretty elear that sill the principal5 characters have been put out. of. the way, and' nothing remainsnow- with which-to carry ou the plot unless, recourse, be had to some iriganioua device rekembling that of the dramatist aforesaid.' It would! be Hrghly"int¥festing"tTpixraphras(;"tha"t scene iu K'Lucrezia Borgia,"/where the relative!, .o.f murdered victims present themselves to their de'strciyer. , Imagine i Parliament confronted-by the ghost' of; a strangled Divorce Bill; the man gled remains "of an Education Bill rising to ven-; geauce; aud.a-speotre-i.«ud.Bill tortured-to death by the ? most protracted , punishments the ingenuity of malice could iuveht. Think, .too,- of the' "host of " minor- apparitions which memory . pictures'' as- rising" from the tomb- to upbraid the cruel: authors of their destruction. It would need no more to bring the. cruel assassin to'its knees, imploring them..not to .mention, the name of-Parlia ment. One might have fancied that ruthless and remorseless as- this death- dealing instrument has proved, at least one exception- would have res cued its affections from utter annihilation. The. Land Bill, nursed so tenderly, though so dubi ously begotten,' -might Yvell have stood iu the place of; Genarro; and while-' other victims fell fast and'unpitied,-at least that-might have been preserved from; the revenge of the Borgia. Not .so however The; Land Bill dies of-the same subtle poison," and so we presume, to complete' the parallel, we may pronounce that Parliament "dies* also, killed by its'-own' offspring,. even as Borgia and Genarro end their loye' aird" hatred in .the* last tiragio scene of the drama.- What but the'winelof Syracuse could produce such whole sale;poisc(niug, or send members helpless to their ? homes id cabs? We are not precipitate, we imagine, in classing the, .Land Bill amongst the list-of the-departed. Our Parliamentary'report yesterday nbtified'that the Council had again so; mangled-the nnfortu .nate offspring that thera was little hope of its recovery.l What subsequently occurred in the Couii oil only confirms the conviction that the destiny of a common fate is inevitable. Nearly every ameudmdnt introduced by the Assembly was struck' out with little hesitation, and the amend ments of: the Council, eiptinged by. the former j body, were as readily replaced.. Mr. Fellows, I'bicked.by his. Ministerial friends, who were [ present ou the occasion, seems to have lost all j interest in his protege, and at last, after having j been beaten ou several points, virtually gave up the contest, by proposing that the remaiuing amend ments of t the Council be not insisted on. What was the use, he asked, of going on with the Bill after what had been already done 1 But the ; Couucil preferred the slow poisoning process to the= more humane suggestion of sudden death, and. the Bill lingered for awhile longer iu their hands, and was 'carried ' from" the House-a corpse, i ? A sad and mournful duty had Mr. Nicholson to perform -in introducing the remains of the unfortunate Bill to the Assembly last night. -We* can jimagiue the Chief Secretary throwing himself into a theatrical attitude, supposed to be .expressive of mental agony, and exclaiming with all the pathos of Borgia in her' revelation to j Genarro, " I am-I am:-your mother.". Mr. Nicholson announced his intention of making arrangements for the funeral obsequies, or, iu the lauguage of Parliament, that ou Tuesday | next he I would declare what course Ministers intended to pursue, There is evideutly'no course but to bury tlie'de^'d'witKWcoimnjfdKcouoy, and abide the day of resurreotion?: .'.» *' \ If. we appear to have treated this subject lightly, let 'it' not be inferred that we are'inseusible to the serious matters involved." The-whole history of1 "this-. Bill is a reflection upon,the character of our politjcal 'system,^lid'insulfing-to ad e>rp<Jc-' taut people. For months past oa^ legislators .have been occupied in endeavoring to adjust differences of opinion -upon a' qu'estion of vital public importance. They had before them the guidance of lengthy discussions, and the fruits.of years of .agitation, yiif'tKey 'have shdwii them ^qlvep incompetent to meet publiq-.requirements, And all'.the time and trouble expended in.endea.-. vo-ing'tolraature a''Land Bill have been'utterly4" tfirowh, away, so far as any practical result is concerned. To inquire, into,the sources of difjir oulty is npt the bushfei&'of'the public. * The fact patent. t6 them ie, that the Legislature has 'cjiveg^rded their interestp,, K and,. the Ministry has proved itself incapable of fulfilling the duties of its position. There was a period in the conflict between the two Houses when com promise was practicable, and the humiliation of total failure may bo equally divided between the perverso obstinacy of the Council and the Assembly. The weak invention which provides..for an, appeal to limited constituencies .in the event of; such antagonism," eeems now"to' 'fia the''only! resouvce our Constitution presents.. Upon that expedient no reliance oan be'placed. ~ Amongst the retiriuc; memberi are some, who, in all proba bility are certain- of rc- eleotion, and they ill again rank amongst .the .opponents, of .the.Bill.: Besides,j if-the improbable -result of returning six ? membere favorable to the . views of the Assembly be achieved, how will that'cotivert a majority of 19 against 5 into a minority ? The recent divisions in the Councilion points held to be material, have given such an overwhelming majo rity against the Assembly bill,that theforthdoming elections cau exercise no material influence over the future decisions'"of .that body on tjiis pari, ticular question. The lesson the .publio, have learnt points *to> the necessity of a reform id-the constitution of the Upper House, arid after we hive ascertained the intentions'of Ministers, it is to that' subject attention should, for a time, be zealously devoted. The public will not long endure' this tampering with their interests, and although wearied by the miserable procrastination which has marked the progress of the Land -Bill,' their apparent lethargy will give place to renewed agitation.- ' 