% ©te sito $tag pWsk Published every Wednesday and Saturday. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6TH, 1860. CROOKED THINGS MADE STRAIGHTER. YET once again, and ' nothing lotb," do we return to make good our motto. Whatever may suffer, truth never does eventually,from the stirring of questions, to one side or the other of which it must incline. And, for ourselves, we are strong in the consciousness of being on the right side. .« Thiice is hearm'd who hath hia quarrel just." Objections are taken to our last article that we are the enlisted advocates of the Municipal Council of Beechworth in general, and of Mr. J. K. Brown in-par ticular-and so shall we be of our con temporary, the moment he becomes a consistent co-operator for the public good. Their " measures" are everything, but to us the " men" themselves are nothing. Would that our contemporary could say this, and be believed by any body. But his moral credit is exploded with the " Permits." His preliminary ascriptions of" unscrupulousness," "mis statements," " equivocations," " and one absolute falsity" is the '£ Gracchi" imputing sedition. We wonder if his opposition to the "Municipal Water Scheme," as bargained for, was to be taken delivery of by weight or measure. We wonder, because-the thrashings of the Constitutional brain, yielding about three grains of corn to one bushel of chaff-if bargained for by measure, the order may be nearly supplied. Bet if by weight,we shall never have done, for the " Greek Kalends'* will arrive before it amounts to aught worth the having. Being given to classical moods, it set us thinking about " Sisyphus" rolling his stone up hill only to re-deseend again of the " Danaides" condemned per petually to the fruitless task of filling a sieve with water. But we think it ill taste to bring down a classical allusion to illustrate a subject so very humble. "She labours of our contemporary, with an aptitude perfectly felicitous, may be comprrod to a mouse inside his wire wheel,working hard upward and onward as, of all things, the creature itself only believes, while making no progress what soever. Onlookers, while pitying the object, cannot help smiling at the delu sion. Our opponent, for a purpose very imperfectly effected, reproduces a dis tinct statement we made in reference to one of his many curious gyrations : "Our contemporary at that time believed; that the Council had obtained , the, reservation of this watershed, and, with virtuous indignation, poured out of measure his denunciations upon the heads of the hapless Council for having deprived the' miners of 1300 acres'of I ground which, for the nonce, was assumed to be payable." 1 And it is t&us; he attempts to rebut the j statement " We never opposed the project on I any sxich reason, nor denounced the ?Council for depriving the miners of 1300 acres of auriferous ground. What we suggested was, that the ground might be worked by means of a tasl-. race, and we pointed out how that object could be effected without materially interfering with the surface drainage." ' And further on he innocently adds: " Had the ratepayers then Iknown that the eastern watershed was not included in the reserve,and therefore not amongst the privileges to be accorded to the Council, me imagine that they i moidd have paused before permitting the scheme to be, advanced another stage." One fact is worth a cart load of argu i ments, and here we have an admission ! that for twelve months and more the Editor of the Constitution has been in utter ignorance of the non-reservation of the eastern watershed. Can we believe him ? He has often reiterated his com-1 plaints of the secrecy with which the Council have prosecuted their labours, and never before was such a charge preferred with so little reason. They made this fact-the non reservation of the eastern watershed-sufficiently pub lic at all events. ^Let our readers refer to page 23 of the pamphlet published by the Council, and they will find the fol lowing statement .' They-that is the Deputation--were careful, however, to explain that eleven hundred acres of this area they con sidered to be auriferous (being the ranges on the eastern side) and therefore that they did not wish such to be reserved &c.;" Let them refer to the columns of the Constitution a fortnight previously, and they will find the same thing. Let them refer to the appendix to the "Municipal Water Bill" describing the ground reserved, and they will find no mention of the eastern watershed. Let them remember the frequent writings to afford information upon this question, at all of which this fact was clearly stated, and let them finally recollect the question put by Mr! G. W. Henderson to Councillor J. E. Brown at the Athen aeum a few nights ago. And with this array of evidence we ask can any one believe that the Constitution could be ignorant of this fact 1 Is it not incred ible ? But to make the untrustworthi ness of our contemporary still more palpable we' shall grant that he really laboured under this delusion, that all these evidences to the contrary escaped his observation, and ask him to account upon such an hypothesis for the propo sal he made at the meeting held at the " Criterion'' " That the Chairman of the meet ing be authorised to sign a petition to the Legislative Assembly praying that the Beechworth Water Works Bill may be. passed intolaw, providing it contains a clause requiring the Council to construct a sludge or tail-race of sufficient depth to enable the whole of the eastern watershed of the reserve to be effectually j worked." Assuming the ground to be reserved from mining operations, why that motion ? Why spend £4000 or £5000 on a tail race to enable the miners to work the eastern watershed if it is reserved from mining operations, and the miners excluded from the ground ? This'is one horn of the dilemma upon which we transfix our contemporary, but there is yet another, tho choice of which we offer him. He has stated that the main object he had in view when submitting his celebrated resolution was to make the water from the Nine Mile scheme available for Spring Creek. If so, why no mention of this in his resolution ? What a monstrous piece of injustice he attempted. What had the Council's project to do with the Nine Mile water scheme,and how unparalleled the iniquity of the man who endeavored to saddle such an enormous expenditure upon the Council for such a purpose. This is the most discreditable of all dodging, and all of a piece with the rest of our contemporary's conduct in con nection with the ' Ovens Gold Fields Water Co.'-his ostensible connection, that is to say. Bat beyond, it is held, lies an arcana, unapproachable to all save himself and one or two other asso ciated high priests of the enshrined mysteries. Not a few victimised share . holders in. the original bubble scheme emanating- from this arcana would give half the hairs of their beards to see it fairly laid open to the light of day. Bat the thiDg may :tot be. It were very inconvenient to certain parties, whose identity no man doubts j but beware!-possessing dangerous secrets, like Acfseon, often leads to the fate of Actaeon. The second point upon which our contemporary joins issue, with us has the merit of being more ingenious, if not more ingenuous,|than the former. He attempts to upset our conclusion that the rights held by virtue of£ War dens' Permits,' when transferred to the Council (by virtue of their Act), will be sufficient rtlervation of the ground in question-that is, tbat they will prevent interference with the water, while it will admit of mining upon the ground. Our contemporary draws largely upon the, resources of his imagination to bolster up an untenable position j he calls into existence a class of persons the most worthless, who, merely for the sake of compensation, will cut races which are, for all other purposes, prac tically'useless, and concludes tbat the Council and their project are entirely at the mercy of these vultures. This is a class of race~owners we confess we did not contemplate, and we wonder riot, in reference to them, that 'Wardens' Permits are exploded.' We are not ac customed to fighting with ghosts, being particularly chary of the bottle, and we admit we recoil from much further contact with these creatures of our con temporary's bewildered imagination. But from these scare-crows surely some protection may be found! This cutting of races ad libitum is a game both par ties, we suppose, can play at, and it is not very difficult to decide that, should ground unreserved merely ; from a wish not to interfere with the miners and their operations, may even yet be reserved, if it is found-which we do not beiieve-that the miners : convert it into an instrument of wanton ! and vexatious annoyance. The Council did not get it reserved lest, they might interfere with the miners. It is to be hoped they will never require to have it reserved to prevent the miners mis chievously interfering with them. Be i fore quitting with this branch of the subject, we might remark that the races on the eastern water-shed are increasing at every recital, like " FalstafFs men in Buckram." There were but two lately-there are four now. It will be eight next time when, with convulsive writhings proper to oracular manifesta tions, he plays the Pythoness. ' Per mits are exploded,' says the Constitu tion; and pray, in virtue of what do the race-owners enjoy their present ex tensive privileges ? 4 By virtue of oc cupation,' replies our contemporary. But does our opponent not see that occupation can not prevent the diversion of water. If it is competent to cut races above or below existing races as he says, then how simple the process of cutting off the sources of supply from any existing race. They may remain in occupation all the time, and yet their water be drained into a race lower down, of which the owners are in occupation likewise. And the sort of thing a writer professing to be aufait in mining legislation tells us is the state of the law. Hear ye that, ye race-owners, and tremble! We do not believe it, and the testimony of all in telligent miners as well as decisions upon a multitude of water-right cases are upon our sido, We asked why. such races had for years past been pro tected against such interference ? and to our question our contemporary gives the following reply: -» But we perhaps can suggest to our contemporary a rea son why the existing races have not been interfered with. Is it not more natural either that there is no great quantity of surface drainage to inter cept, or that its collection demands a larger outlay than the mere expense of cutting a race. It is clear from this quotation that our contemporary is dealing with a class of races existing in his own imagination only. We spoke of races and . their rights as they are, and certainly it is worthy only of the Constitution's creative faculty to call any others into existence. If it is a waste of money to cut races to drain a watershed-if they are of no avail when cut-how are we to measure the compensation for such races ? When a case of the sort arises it will be time to settle this point. Meanwhile, per haps our contemporary will make the experiment of cutting such a race. Men kept ignoraot by the necessities of their position in life are objects of our finest compassion. But, faugh ! the ignorance on-purpos^ assumed by educated men in the hire of crafty schemers, is employment seeming to us just about as contemptible as it is possible to con ceive. In geological phrase, he talks most clerkly of 'stratifiedrocks'-their 'clas sification'-'being broken up by up heaves and other mechanical agencies,' &c;, &c.; "We have no wish to modify the terms in which we described the nature of the soil extending over tha site of these projected water works. As a general description, we do not think correcter language could be usad. It is not so mueh a question of geological science as of practical common sense. An experienced clod-pole, who has delved the earth from youth up, is the man of all others to say whether or not these ranges ava the insatiable absorb ents of-water our contemporary affirms and if so, where does it all go to ? He cannot produce samples of the rock in his columns, and no advantage is lost thereby. But if he could let a few of the roaring, rinsing, gully,streams adown them to promote their salubrity, that were a thing most desirable Yes 1 quite cs desiraible as the accomplish ment of an analagous physical necessity lying on the Council just now, and per plexing it not a little! The practical completion of all that the Council has in contemplation does not involve the theory of any necessity being laid on the water to make it run up hill, Ob, no! they only expect from" their water an implicit obedience to the law impressed upon itby theCreator; nordoes it suppose the 4 contravention of the well known law in physics' which oar con temporary imagines. We may remark, however, in pissing, that it seems to us a much u:ore facile matter to contravene a well known lam in morals'. This is Certainly done when hireling pens write up hill against convictions to the con trary ; and, not alone so, but trying with all their might, and trying in vain, let it rejoice . us, to mislead the stream of public opinion. Writing in reference to a foregone conclusion, is hampering, unmanly work. The letter of " Acqaarius " in yester day'? Constitution was an alms of charity. But we fear it was not done in the way commended-namely,"when thou doesc alaas let not thy right hand know what thy left hand doeth. " We have a suspicion that the whole thing is a little fudge, make-believe affair, pot up within the precincts of his own office. That letter expressive of the sentiments of more than the merest junto of the manhood of Beechworthv? No more than the human sea-weed floating about the Police Court is re presentative of our public respectability! 