PORT ELLIOT. [From our own Correspondent/! Jliddleton. March 6. a iremenaous Dusn nre oroee out on the early part of Sunday last, in the northern part of the Nkangkita-road in this.distrlct. During Sunday and Monday about 40 nt thfl settlers nerd htiAilv omnlnvpri in aiinn*Mmnn tti. jonflagration, and it was only by their unwearied exer tions that the valuable property of Mr. Carruth. consist Ing of saw-mills, dwelling -house, 4c , &c.;, and the wooden bridge orossing tbe upper part of the swamp, were saved from destruction. This brldze has not very long been erected at the j -int expense of Mr. Carruth and the District Council, and Is s most creditable piece of workmanship, and will most likely before long have to bear a considerable amount of traffic It cauzht fire twice, and to the exertions of Corporal Rlckerby Is mainly owing its preservation. In fact, his perreveriug exertions throughout the whole of the occasion are highly rpoken of. Tbe fire has swept t,way nearly all tht teatrce, &c.;, in the swamp, the bridge to the Square Waterholc, and made a material altera tion in the features of that part of the district. I am happy to say I have heard of no loss, except of time and rest, for the fire had to be watched day and night until late on Wednesday, There was a fall meeting af our sportsmen at Dodd's Hotel, on Satarday evening last, at tho time appointed for receiving the entries for the Maiden. Plate, the Town Plate, and the Hurdle Race. The entries, amounting to £63, were paid in, together with numerous subscriptions, and eierj thin*? connected with tbe forthcoming mooting hat a healthy appearance. We hive had lately in this district public dinners, balls, race meetings, and political gatherings, yet in no nstance has tbers occurred any departure from those nlta of good feeling and good sense that should always narscteriza an intelligent comrauni ty, ScvpTH Australian Institute. — Qtjab tbbly Sotbbb.— On Wednesday evening the usual soiree in connection with the Mechanics' Institute was held at White's Booms. Although several monster election meetings were held on the s&me; evening in and about Adelaide, tho room was very well filled. His Excellency the Governor presided, and opened the proceedings by congratulating the members on tbe near approach to completion of their 01a building, which he hoped would be leady by the nut soiree. He then read some statis tics relative to the progress of the Institute, which showed that the number of readers entered in the appli eatlon-brak from the establishment of the Institute In 1856 ta date was 2,392 ; total number of annual sub scribers during the same time, 225; quarterly do., 1,013. Total subscribers, 1,?3J. Number of volumes circulated during the quarter ended Dscember 31, 1859, 8,671. The total number of volumes cir culated during the year ended September 30, 1860, was 38,328. The total number of books added to the library tinea September 30, 1SS9, was 288 ; and another ship ment was expected very shortly. Ha also said that a new catalogue was In progress, and that it was fully ex pected it would be ready by the time that the sew building was opened. After some vocal and instrumental music, the Bev. C. E. Palmer delivered a lecture on ' The Latest Ghost Theory.'- In opening the subject, he said he was certain that he would be ridiculed by a great many for choosing such a topic ; but he had been led to take such a step In consequence of the great amount of interest which was being taken in the subject in Eng land. During his address, he told some very amusing and startling anecdotes about warnings, dream*, apparitions, and presentiments, some of which oc curred In Australia. In conclusion, he stated that aUhough so much had been written about supernatural appearances, &c;, he did not think it was impossible th*t such things which had been spoken of in the tales he- had told should take place. The lecture, which was a rather lengthy one, was listened to with great atten tion, and the lecturer was loudly applauded at Us con clusion. Several vocal and instrumental pieces were thtn given by Mr. Nash, Mrs. Wallace, and Chapman's Band. A voto of thanks to the lecturer was proposed by Dean Farrell, seoended, and carried unanimously. Mr. Whitridge then moved, and Mr. S, Davenport seconded, a similar compliment to, tha Chairman, who, In return ing thanks, said tbat no donbt the burst of applau-e which accompanied his name, when repeated by Mr. Whitridge, was in seme manner excited by the faot that It was gettinsr near that witching hour when wo might feel a sort of creepin? mentioned by the leoturar. (Loud laughter.) He hoped they would meet with no ghosts. (Continued laughter.} Ihe proceedings, which were of an exceedingly Interesting character, were brought to a iuvr, buuui xx u cm*;*, ujr luu Mugiug o[ me .National Lnthem. St. Stephen's Cht/e^h, 'W'iiit/ng-*.— A- orrespondeni forwards us the' following : -' On Wed lesday, tbe 29th ultimo, the children connected with tha Sunday School held their fourth annual meeting in the rarden and grounds of the PartQnage. It was evident, from the numerous assemblage present, that the atten lance is large and increasing. Mrs. Alexander read her rearly report, showirjg that there were at present more han 100 scholars. A considerably larger number than his, however, hai gathered for the long-anticipated reat; and the day being breezy and fine, they enjoyed hemselves to their hearts' content, until the hiilsidea. schoed with their gleeful shouts. An abundance of shildhood's luxuries (cake, fruit, tea, Ac.) was supplied ;bern. Their kind pastor, tha Bev. B. Neville, afterwards kddressed them In language of simple and suitable magery ; and whilst referring to the deaths of three of their late companions during the last year, advised tbem Ito prepare for tbat night wherein no man can work.' A ium of more than £10 has. been expended this year in the purchase of books and prizes ; about the half of this has been oontrlbn'ed by Mrs. Alexander alene— a tax, I think, many would share with ber were tbey more gene rally aware or this larre, yet necessary outlay. A marked change has taken place in this neighbourhood; the apathy which characterized Church matters some few years since has given place to zeal and activity.' We are requested by Mr, L. Barnard to call attention to his Sale of Household Furnlnre, Stock, Horses, Carriages, &o.;, on the premises of Hart's Family Hotel, Cnrrle- street. The horses',' carriages, and gigs Will be offered fer sale at 3 o'clock precisely. tHK Megan. Green, Parr, & Luxmoore request us to call special attention to their sales at the Port this day. at 12 o'clock, tU.— Household furniture and Effects of Mr. Charles Chiton, Fort Admiral Hotel: andCarm oX¥ralrie,TJX^, Timber, 4c. ? ** 