FEMALE CRIME IN ENGLAND AND WALES. {From, the Edinburgh Review, September 24.) Some of our political economists appear to wondor why tho rate of female crime through out tlio country is not decreasing in quite such a satisfactory manner as male crime. It is a great and pleasant fact that whilo in England and Wales Jalone tbo population is of. flin 1-nfrt nf 280.000. or l-70th ? ? ? ? ' ? ' part every year, tho number of persons com mitted for trial is not increasing in propor tion, but actually diminishing at tho rate of 119 per cent., the relative decrease in propor tion to the population being thus about 13 per cent. The increasing pros perity of tho working classes, tho greater advantages which they now possess , in the way of education, tho efforts made by religious bodies of all denominations to imbue the lower grades of the peoplo with religion and habits of industry and temper ance, have all tended to produce a diminu tion of crime. Reformatory schools have also been of iuvaluable service by checking ju venile offenders at their first step in contra vention of the law, and thus striking at the very root of the evil. The decrease of crime, as a whole, can therefore be plaood alongside of those other agreeable statistical facts, the lengthening of human life, tho increase of intelligence and education, and tho riso of national prosperity. It is true, however, that the decreaso of fe male crime is by no means so rapid as the decrease of male crime. Thus, while the total decrease in commitments last year, as wo have seen, was 11-9 per cent., the decrease in males committed was 13-1 per cent., and that in females only 7-2 per cent. The pro portion, therefore, of female to male crime has increased. This increase, however, is only relativo, and not actual. Still, it is a noteworthy fact, and one which has given an opportunity to somo persons to cry out as |f crime was not decreasing, but merely being transferred from men to women. This alle gation lias been well answered, on the statis tics, by several metropolitan journals. In none, however, have wo noticed tho real causes of the discrepancy sufficiently ex plained. A few words on the subject may therefore bo neither nninstructive nor unim portant. _ _ I Tho great work which, in addition to increa sing prosperitj-, is producing the reduction of crime, is twofold — reclaiming and preven tive. Tho reclaiming work is being eiirm:J cn with great energy throughout the length and breadth of the land. City missionaii. e district visitors, nnd 'temperance refoimeis are, with mauy others laboring in the good cause, nnd are succeeding, year bj- year, in reforming greater numbers of those who bad formerly been -drunkards, profligates, or thieves. It is, however, much easier to re claim a mnn from tho paths of vice than a woman. When a woman has fallen into evil courses, she becomes tenfold moro hardened in them than a nun. The number of femulj criminals is much less than that of male cri minals ; but tho great excess in the propor tion of female recommitments is only one of the many proofs that when a wo man has onco become a criminal, slio remains more constant to crime than a man. She lias fallen from a greater eleva tion, and therefore finds it more difficult to riso again. Her moral nature sufiVrs moro deeply by her fall than that of man, and becomes more utterly perverted and debased. A really bad woman is tho worst of human beings. Not only, however, does the essen tial difference that exists botween the moral natures of the sexes thus make it probable that comparatively a greater number of rnulo i criminals than of females can be reclaimed, but external circumstances havo tho samo effect. It. is much easier, even externally, for a man to repent than a woman, 'lho re pentant male criminal finds much less diffi culty in turning to honest courses than ' tho female. A hundred fields of employ ment are open to him, where ho may gain an honest livelihood, with out being harassed by his past his tory ; at the worst ho can work his way to California or Australia, and commence a new life in a new field. Not so woman. The brand of her disgraco follows her generally . wherever she goes. Those of her own sex scorn her. and men are suspicious of her. The ghosts of her past transgressions meet her daily wherever she goes, and frown down her attempts at honest living as vain and useless. ' Once .down, always down,' is the sound that ring in her ears. She finds it almost impossible to regain a footing as an honest woman. Continuance in vice, or star vation, is generally the alternative before her. We need not wonder, therefore, that fewer female criminals comparatively are reclaimed. The other great branoh of tho work which is producing the reduction of crime is preventive. Its aim is to prevent the inno cent from falling into crime, or to check them at their first step. Its agencies aro various. The school-house, the reformatory, the ragged Bchool. check tho increase of tho number of juvenile offenders; whilo the other means, which we formerly adverted to as available to reclaim .criminals, are equally available as preventives. These agencies are directed, as regards adults, pretty equally towards both sex'e3. With regard to juvenile offenders, tho case is somewhat different. A very great proportion ofjuvenile offenders is of the male sex. Reformatory schools, therefore, aro *' much more useful to the male sex than tho female ; and tho diminution of juvenile crime is chielly a diminution of malo crime. | A woman seldom falls into crime till she has lost her virtue. As a general rule, sno enters eniuu uy luu jjmu u- profligacy. Hcnce, one of tha best ways to diminish female crime of all sorts is, to strike at its origin, and to strive to tho utmost to check the progress of tho ' great social evil.' Every effort to lessen the drinking habits of tho peoplo is of use for this purpose, inas much as it removes stimulants and incentives. Every encouragement given to prudent nnd industrious habits is also beneficial, as it pro motes early marriages. Every innocent [ amusement in moderation, every rationu! en joyment, lessens the craving for vicious plea sures. More direct measures might very probably bo found of use, if taken with proper caution. We trust that cro long, although ihe reclamation of female criminals may still be more difficult than that of males, there will bo fewer female criminals than at present to reclaim. Prince ARinim and tue Fair Flower Girl — As the Sheriff of Edinburgh stood in shrieval dignity on tbo platform of the railway etation on the Qieen's return to tbo south, a lady sought audience of him. It was granted, and the lady proceeded to tell bim that she had a little girl with ber who was deeply in love with Prince Arthur, and that nothing on eirth would satisfy her short of presenting Prince Arthur with a bouquet. The Sheriff pondered a moment, bat was afraid he had not jurisdiction sufficient for the proposed presentation of the bouquet — however, he would see. Accordingly he entered the royal carriage and explained the matter to the Queen, pointing out to her the expectant young lady, who stood, a bewitching little creature, all blushes, hopes, and fears, on the platform. Hor Mfj^sty, with the utmost promptitude, declared her willing ness for the bouquet scene, and said she could not for a moment ' come between tbe two.' Whereupon tha Sheriff returned with the welcome tidings, and little Miss ? , stepping forward with tbo grace of Ferraris, presented her flowers, with a cha.-ining oonsciousneas beaming from her child face, which no doubt was fullv appreciated. — Fife Jlcra'd. The Wax Thee. — In the nursery gardens estab lished by the French Government in Algeria, a trial has lately been made, with perfect success, of a tree — new in iiurope — i.uo gumgamauuu, oi uco ui Cayeuno, which furnishes » species of wax exaotly similar to that in common use, aud po83essuig all tho properties of bees' wax. Tbe tree grows freely and costs little, and it has been calculated thj.t each full grown stem will yield from 20 to 25 kilogrammes anmnal produce. A hectare is to be planted on th* Government lands. — Tltc Builder. 