THB SliUDGK NUISANCIS. DEPUTATION TO THE CHIEF SliCIlBTAUT* A deputmion from the Sandhurst Municipal Council anil the Sandhurst Mining Board, con sisting of Mr. Howard, AI. L.A., Air. Brodie, M.L.A., Mr. O'Conor, member of the Mining Board, the Chairman of the Municipal Council, Air. Casey, member of the Council, the Town Clerk (Mr. Fletcher), -waited upon the hon. Ihe Chief Secretary yesterday, relative to the removal of the slutlga nuisance at Bendigo. The deputation was introduced by Mr. Howard, M.L. A., who said that the depu tation had waited upon the Government for the purpose of inquiring whether the present adminis tration intended to perform the promise tacitly made by the preceding- one, viz, tlmt the sludge channel at Bendigo should be immediately finished nnd maintained at the expense of the Government, until the local bodies were enabled to pass a by-law -authorising them to levy rates for that purpose. Air. Nicholson was not aware that any special promise had been made to that effect. A sum had certainly been voted by the House for the purpose of remedying the sludge nuisance, but a great portion of that sum had been already spent. Mr. Brodie : Then the Government are in the position of having commenced works without being able to finish them. .111(4 ^ Mr. Nicholson : That is frequently the case. The Government canaot expend during any one year more than the actual sum voted. Mr. Francis said that out of the vote for 1860, for L10,000, granted for the removal of sludge from the goldHeld?, more than 1.5000 had been spent in the Sandhurst district. When the pre sent Ministry took office, they found that the Government were^ under promises to remove the sludge from Bcndisjo, Ballarat, and Creswick, A sum of L500 out of that vote had also been spent by the Road Board in making numerous inlet and offlut drains, rendered necessary to carrj' the sludge away from the main roads; and the Government had only about L1800 Remaining at their disposal. Mr. Howard said the whole matter'resolved itself into the fact that only L16.000 had been spent in constructive works for the district of Sandhurst ; L3000 more was necessary to finish those works. hi fact, it was necessary for the very preservation of the town that such works should be at once completed. The question, therefore, wns, were the Government prepared to spend L3000 more for the preservation of the LlGjOOOalready spent. Mr. Nicholson replied, that the Government had no power to spend more money than had been voted. They were therefore obliged to make the best of things as they then stood. Mr. Brodie said, it seemed that the LI0,000 voted by the House should have been at least Llo.OOO. - Mr. 0'Con or, M.M.B., alluded to the large' amount of property that had already been des troyed by the sludge. He said that when the late Chiuf Secretary had visited the district, he had positively promised that effective steps should be taken to remedy the nuisance. He did not think that either the Municipal Council or the miners should be called upon to make the sludge channel, especially looking at the revenue derived from the district in the shape of the export duty on gold. He, however, thought that if the channel was otice made, the miners would be willing lo con tribute a reasonable amount for its maintenance. Mr. Nicholson said that these remarks would be very applicable suppos'ng they were making; an application for a sum of money to be placed on the estimates for next year, but during the present year the Government could not go outside the amount, already voted. Mr. Howard wished to know if there would be any objection ou the part of the Government to give a guarantee if the local bodies expended the necessary amount. Mr. Nicholson said that the Government had no power to give any guarantee. «. Mr. Fletcher went into some details explanatory of the works that, had been already constructed. Mr. Francis said that the following sums were those which had been expended in the Sandhurst district for the removal of tho sludge In 1859, L10,255 lis. 3d j out of tho vote of L10,000 for 1860, L5708 6s; to reimburse the A/unicipji] Council, L2131 17s. 3d. By the Rotid Board, in 1857, L4917 4s. Od ; in 1859, L1194 8s. 9d ; and in 1860, H053 9s.-making a total of L34,2G0 lQs, 9d. Mr: Nioholeon said that ha had sent a letter to the Mining Board, requesting them to frame ;i by law providing for the levying of rates for the maintenance of the channel. _ . . Mr. O'Conor ; The construction of the channel was what they wished to see first finished.- It would then be time enough to take steps for its maintenance. Mr. Nicholson requested Mr. Fletcher to state what sum would be required to finish the channel. He was willing to moet them as,far as they could, but ho wished the Mining Board nt once to make a by-law providing for the maintenance of tho channel; for even if the Government did construct it, they would not maintain it Mr. Fletchpr replied that Tully's contract, which had been forfeited, would, he thought, require a few hundred pounds ex'rn. Then thm were two miles of box channeHinsr required, which would cost about L3500, and the maintenance would cost about L420 per month. He wished, however, to make one remark, and that was thut the, expense of keeping the box channel in lepair was 75 per cent, less than the amount required to keep oloar the earthen channel. Some discussion ensued as to- whether or not (lie Alining Board liad any power to make the necessary by-laws. _ ? . . Mr. Nicholson said they had sufficient power under the existing Act. Mr. O'Conor thought they had not, but that there was a clause in the bill introduced by Mr. Brodie, giving such power, which came on in the house that evening, and Mr. Nicholson said lie w;is quite willing (o give it. precedence, in order that it might bent once passed, so that there should be no further doubt upon (he matter. Mr. Nicholson, after some conversation bet ween him and Mr. Francis, said they had but L1800 at their disposal which they could appropriate to the required purpose. He said that he would, how ever, see Mr. Service, in order to ascertain if there was any vote that could possibly be set, apart for it, and that lie would see the Town Clerk of Sand hurst on the subject on the following morning at 11 o'clock. * 'I he Chairman of the Municipal Council said there were two questions which they, as the depu tation, were requested to ask. First, would the Government finish the construction of the chan nel ; and SBCondly, would they guarantee its maintenance. Mr. Nicholson could give no .decided promise. Certainly lliey would not guarantee its mainte nance after its construction ; on the contrary, they would havo nothing to do with it. ; The deputation then withdrew.-Age. INGLE woon.-We gather the following items from the Express :-A most disgraceful slate of tilings at present exists in connection with the interment of the dead. The Jsite has been most unwisely chosen, it being within a short distance of the main street. We have been-informed that the remains of nearly one hundred human beings lie buried there, and from the fact of there being a stratum of hard ccmcnt about two feet from the surface, the bodies are covered with' only a small layer of earth, and the smell is most offensive to any one near.-A great many complaints are being made, at the fact that tho County Court and Court of Mines being held at Korong.-Quartz mining is now becoming a most important branch in our mining pursuits, Keefs are being opened every week in this district, and upon them, in a ereat measure, will depend the future prospects of fnglewood. The results from several reefs would vie with the far-famed reefs of Sandy Creek and Bendigo. GHOSTS AND WITCHCRAFT.-The Hall of the Mechanics' Institute was crowded to excess yesterday (Friday) evening; in fact, numbers had to go away unable to obtain admission. The attraction was Mr. Michie's lecture on the '' Phi losophy of Ghosts and Witchcraft." And although the lion, gentleman succecdcd in thoroughly demonstrating the fact, that the days of witchcraft are gone, and that witches are no more, yet he as certainly succeeded, to all intents and purposes, in as thoroughly bewitching his audience, who seemed completely fascinated, no less by the lecture itself, than by the inimitable manner of the lecturer. For several minutes at the conclusion, although the Hall was so densely crowded, the most in'ense silence was observed, until tho assembly, unable any longer to control their feelings, broke forth in an unrestrained burst of applause. It is only to be regvetted that such lectures are too much like angels' visits, few and far between.-Ago. THE SEDUCTION CASE.-The trial of the seduc tion case, Ferguson against Andrews, which was commenced on Thursday lasr, was resumed yesterday, and lasted till past six o'clock. As usual on such occasions, the court room was crowded to overflowing. The evidence, like that on the previous day, was of a most defamatory character. His Honor occupied two hours in sum ming up. The jury after retiring for a few minutes returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages, L350. -Herald. 