WESLETANISM. Tlifl following account of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference of 1860 ia abridged by permission from the forthcoming number of the Weslpvnn. flhrnniclf. a neriodical puoiisnea m MeiDOurne, under tne auspices ot the Wesleyan Church:— The Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Con* ference is usually held in the month of January, and is consequently, in order of time, the first Methodist Conference of the year. Its sixth annual session began on Thursday, the 19th of January, in Wesley Church, Melbourne. A large number of ministers attended, represent ing the several colonies of Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, as well as the mission dis tricts of Polynesia. It was a sight of intense interest that this assembly presented. There were ministers who had laboured more than a quarter of a century in these lands, and who had lived 10 see the fruit of their ministry in the existence of an active and prosperous Church. There were men who had earned the distinction of good ministers of Jesus Christ in the islands of the sea, one of them returning from a missionary service of upwards of 30 year3. Men were there who had in former years toiled for Christ in many distant parts of the earth, and who had proclaimed his name in various languages. Some had been labourers in the West Indies, and some in South America. There was one who had seen service in the beautiful island of Ceylon, and another amid the desolations of Newfoundland. Some in Western Africa, had not counted their lives dear unto them ; and others, in different cinuits in the United Kingdom, had acquired experience in the Christian ministry. Several were there in the prime and vigour of youthful manhood, who had in these colonies devoted themselves to the Lord's work, and who were gladly recognised by their fathers and senior brethren as fellow-labourers. These were now assembled from the various districts of the Australasian Connection for consultation tpon the affairs of the important section of the Church )ver which the Holy Ghost had made them overseers. The devotional engagements by which the proceedings of the Conference were commenced were conducted by the retiring President, the Rev. D. J. Draper. The announcement that the nomination of the Rev. John Eggleslon to the office of President had been confirmed by the British Conference was received with cordial satisfaction, and every minister present partici pated in the fraternal feeling expressed by Mr. Draper when, on vacating the presidential chair, lie handed to Ms successor the official seal and wished him a happy year. The new President [laving addressed the Conference, and asked the sympathy and prayers of its member*, a well earned vote of thanks was accorded to the ex President for his acceptable services. A similar tribute was also presented to the ex-Secretary, the Kev. S. Babone. The Conference then pro ceeded to elect its Secretary for the present year, when by a majority of votes the Rev. D. I. DraDer was chosen to fill that office. The Kev. Stephen Kabone and the Kev. Thomas Buddie were appointed Assistant- Secretaries. The hour had now arrived for the public prayer-meetinsr, wbish was conducted by the President. The body of the spacious edifice was filled with devout people, among whom were several ministers and members of sister Churches. The power of God was there, and all felt that auspicious hour to be the token of a happy Conference. The paternal reply of the British Conference to the Australasian address of last year was heard with interest and joy. An address to the honoured fathers and brethren of the Parent body was subsequently adopted. Could one of the leading ministers of English Methodism be appointed to visit these colonies he would re ceive a universal welcome. Thirteen candidates having satisfactorily passed through the period of their probation were received into 'Pull Connection.' Owing to tbe great distance of many Districts from the seat of Conference, all the candidates could not attend : the five who were present, having been carefully examined, were set apart to 'the work of the ministry by the imposition of hands, and directions were given for the ordi nation of the other eight in their respective districts. The Ordination Service took place in Wesley Church, on Tuesday evening, the 21th of January, when the candidates witnessed a good confession before many witnesses. Tbe charge (which was delivered by the ex-President) to the newly-ordained ministers was replete with wiee and godly counsels ; it was founded on 2 Timothy ii. 1. Seven young men were received on trial for the work of the ministry, and two others were placed on the President's List of Reserve for the mission work. The entire number of can didates, in different stages of their probation, is 47, besides 14 who are on trial as Native Assistant Missionaries in the South Sea Islands. It is affeclin? to refer to the inroads of leatb, and to speak ot tnose who nave passed :rom among us. Walter Lawry, a name well :nown in connection with our Polynesian Missions, and William Ingram, in the zenith if his day, are gone. Suitable records of the lionoured and lamented dead are preserved on the Minutes of the Conference. The blessing of the Divine Head of the Church has rested on His heritage in the past year. In many parts of the connection, both in the colonies and the foreign field, the work of the Lord has been revived, and the Church has been edified and enlarged. The number of members returned this year is 32,180, which is an increase in the colonies of 1,335 ; and in the mission stations of 2,687; being a total in crease of 4,042. Besides this there are 6,897 persons on trial for membership, being in the colonies 1,758, and in the missions 5,139. These numbers are exclusive of other etatcd attendants on public worship, amounting to tens of thousands more. The various connect ional funds were found to be in a satisfactory state. They are managed by mixed Committees of lay gentlemen and ministers. The missionary income, it is be lieved, will be in advance of the preceding year, but a large balance has still to be paid by the Parent Society in London. Much attention was devoted, botli in the Committee and 111 Conference, to the important subject of the formation of a fund for the support of super numerary ministers and ministers' widows. It had previously occupied the attention of a special Committe appointed by the last Con ference, whose report was transmitted for the consideration of the District Meetings in No* vember. The greatest care wa3 taken that the fund should be settled on a safe basis. After lengthened and minnte examination of the principles of each rule and regulation, the plan proposed by the special Committee was, with some modifications, ultimately adopted by the Conference. This plan requires the payment of annual subscriptions by the ministers, which are to be proportionably supplemented by the congregations and circuits of the connection. The regulations of the fund will be found in the printed minutes. Two ministers obtained permission to return to England ; one of them is the Rev. Jehn Thomas, of the Friendly Islands, who, 36 years ago, began his missionary career in the Island 01 Tonga, and who now returns with the aged partner of bis life and labours to his native land. May the evening of their days be with out a cloud! A resolution of the Friendly Islands District Meeting, expressive of affec tion and respect for this venerable missionary, was cordially adopted by the Conference. In consideration of Mr. Thomas's intimate ac quaintance with the dialects of tho Friendly slands, and of the importance of a correct translation of the Holy Scriptures into the vernacular of that people, the Conference re commended to the Missionary Committee in London that Mr. Thomas should be associated with the Bev. T. Wat in preparing the edition of the Tonga Scriptures for the press. The Bev. Thomas Williams also leaves us for a season, being about to spend a jear in a visit to his fatherland. His long and faithful ser vices in Fiji and in these colonies have en deared him to his brethren in the ministry and to multitudes of our people. This beloved brother is well known as a devoted missionary, as the worthy colleague in former years of Car gill and Hunt, and as the author of one of the most attractive and valuable contributions of modern times to the missionary literature of the Church. The fraternal sentiments of the Conference were expressed in a resolution com mending him to the affectionate attentions of tbe ministers of the British Connection, and earnestly hoping that in due time ho may re turn with renovated health to his adopted land. The early history of Methodism in Aus tralia and Tasmania is full of interest, and is worthy of being preserved. Many facts and incidents may by prompt attention be collected, and placed on enduring record, which the lapse ot a Jew years would bury in ob'ivion. The importance of tViis Bubject impressed the Conference, and it requested the Rev. John A. Manton to prepare such a rscord for publica tion. Several circumstances led to this selec tion. Mr. Manton is one of the oldest minis ters in the Australian work; he has been personally connected with it from its beginning hitherto, and is every way competent for the right execution of the task. We earnestly hope that this respected minister will comply with the unanimous request of the Conference. Several important matters were brought before the attention of the Conference,* on which decisive action is for the present port* ponedV One of these was' the preparation of a 'Manual of Methodist Discipline' for the Australian Connection, but it was judged expe dient that this should not be undertaken until the result of a Committee appointed for a similar purpose by the British Conference should be known. The subject of Annual and General Conference was also considered. Some of the District Meetings had passed resolutions recommending that measures should be initiated towards the formation of an Annual Con ference in each principle colony, and of a Representative General Conference every three or four years. There is undoubtedly a feeling, deep and widely spread, in the minds of our ministers and people in favour of this plan, and the time will come when such an arrangement will be necessary and wise. After long and James t deliberation, however, the Conference decided that that time had not yet arrived, and that the existing arrangement for Annual Intercolonial Conference should not be dis turbed. * This Conference was throughout one of peace rod brotherly love; the ministrations of the Word in the public services were accompanied irith Divine power ; and deeply-interested con gregations crowded the various churches. The President's sermon to the Conference was ire ached in Wesley Church, on Wednesday :rening, the 25th of January, and was founded -n 2 Cor. ii. 14th and following verses. The ?es^onsibilities and triumphs of the Christian ninistry were leading thoughts of this ad nirable discburse. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was celebrated at the close ot this ser nee, and all felt it good to be there. The occurrence of a Conference is always to the Methodist people of the neighbourhood where it is held ao occasion of great interest ; this is true in England, in Ireland, and in other parts of the Methodist world, and it is not less true in Australia. The Wesleyans of Mel bourne and its vicinity gave the Conference a kindly welcome, and the ministers whom they received will gratefully remember their Christian hospitalities. The Conference ten dered a vote of thanks to the friends in whose houses the ministers had been entertained. On Friday morning, February 3, the Con ference concluded. The termination of a Con ference is more solemn even than its beginning. Those who then part are not likely ever all to meet on earth again. It is an occasion of affecting farewells and of earnest prayer. The assembled ministers now commended one another to the grace of God, and separated for their appointed spheres of labour throughout the extensive regions of Australasia; but, though so widely separated by distance, they remain in spirit and object one, and no body of ministers on earth can be more truly described as a brotherhood in Ciirist. The Rev. S. Babone was nominated as President of the next Conference, which is appointed to be held in Adelaide. Annexed is a copy of the ' Stations' of the ministers of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church for I860. Those for South Australia have already been published in this paper : — I.-NEW SOUTH WALE3 DISTRICT. 1\. Stdithy North (York-Btrcet).— George Hurat, Theophilu? Beizley, one to be seat. Foreign Missions.— John Eggleeton, President of the Conference, General Secretary. 2\. 8xDmsY South (Chippendale).— Joseph Orara. 3\. Sidxky Em (Surrey Hills).— Samuel Ironside, George Wooinough; William SohoOeld, Supernu merary. Wootoojiooioo.— Wm. Hesse), Book Steward far the New South Wales District. 4\. Nbw Toww.— Stephen Kabone, James A. Nolan. 6\. Pabbamatia. — Jobn A. Manton, Richard Amos. 6\. WwnsoH.— Charles Creed ; Peter Turner, Snperan merary. 7\. Batkdbsi.— Henry H, Gaud, Frauds Fawcett. 8\. Obanqb. — Thomas An^win, 1st, who shall change with tbe Bathurst Ministers ones in six weeks.. 9\. TuHoif.— John Uowcs, Assistant Missionary. 10\. BowBUFELLa.— Kichird Caldwell. 11\. Mtogbb.— William J. K. Piddingtou. 12\. Maitlihd.— John Watsford, Charles W. Rig?. 13\. Draaoo and Clabehce Towx.— Eobeit W. Van derkiste. 14\. Newcastxb. — Josiah G. Turner, who shall change on one Sunday in each month with tbe Ministers of the Maitland Circuit 15\. SnrGLsiojr.— George Pickering, Assistant Mission ary. 16\. Camdeit.— William Clarke. 17\. Wollohooso.— Jamrs Watkin. 18\. Kuma.— Walter J. Davin. 19\. shoilhavf.k.— Jatr.es SjmervHle. 20\. (lurjLBPW. — Il*t-j-min Cnapinan, George Martin. 21\. Hraidwood,— Hans Mock. 22\. Yam ahd Gnssiso.- William Kslynack, Thomas Skenes. 23\. Mobbxa.— Elehard W.rrton. 2k. Uhisbaitb and Ipswich. — Samuel Wilkinson, William Cuiuow; Nathaniel '1 tuner, Supernu merary. Wakwick.— William Wilson. . 25\. Manhihs Ritkb.— James W. Dowson. 26\. ABimuxB.— William T. Mayiie. 27\. Gbafiow.— William Fidler. Abklong. — One to be sent, Scons.— One wanted. Post Macquabib, &z.;— One wanted. Dbaymht.— One wanted. Johs Egglbston, President of the Conference, Chairman of the District. It-VICTOKIA DISTEICT. 23\. Mblboubhe Wbst (Lonsdale- street).— James S. Waaeh. James Hutchison. William Hill. 1st. IV, mklboubbb EAST i BrunswicK-sireey.— ?nm. u. Uinks, William P. Well?. Samuel Knight. 30\. MBLBOCBffB South (St. Hilda).— Daniel J. Draper, Secretary of the Conference; Francis E. Stephen 60:1. 31\. BRIGHTON.— Edward King, William Cox Currey. 32\. W illiaimtow.t— EJwiii 1. Watkin. 33\. Pbntmdsb.— John l'emell. 34\. Gbhlomg.— Jcscph Dare, Joseph Albiston, John T. Bytheway; Francis Tucktiali', Supernumerary. 35\. Dbtsdllb— William L. Blainiies, who shall change once ia six weeks with the ministers of the Geclotg Circuit. J. D. Dodgson, Supernu merary. 36\. WiBBjastBOOL.— Thomas James. 37\. Belfast.— Edward B. Burns, who shall change once in six weeks with the Warrnamboo! Minister. 39\. Pobtiakd.— George B. Richards; William Light body, Supernumerary. 39\. KxirBTOir.— Samuel Waterhonso. 40\. CABrLiMAiHE.— John llarcourt, Jobn Catterall.one to be sent. 41\. Maldon.— William Woodall, who Bhall change once in six weekg with the ministers in tbe Castle maine Circuit. 42\. Cabisbrcok.— John C. Symons (Amlieret), J. J. fillCOCSP. 43\. Ababat.— Charles Dubonrg. 44\. Ballabat.— John G. Millird, Thomas Baston. 43\. Cbkjwice.— George Daniel, Charles Laue (Lake Learmouth), one fa be sent, who shall reside at Clunes. 43\. Sandhuest.— Jaaes BIckford, Eichard Hart, one to be sent. 47\. KiLMoaB JlBO SEYH9OB.— John Mewton, Andrew Ing'Js. 48\. ttsscnwoBTK. — James W. Criin. one to he sent. 19\. JfBANKLiir * obd.— une to oe settr,. -0. Sunollt aso TABifAauixA. — Bobert S. Bunn, who shall change once a quirter with the Ministers of the Sandhurst Cir. nit. il. Avoca.— William S. Worth, who shall change once in six weeks with the Ministers of the Carisbrook Circuit. 52\. SitTTnESDALB.— Ebenezar Taylor, who shall change once in every nix weeks with the Ministers of the Ballarat Circuit. Bushwobth.— Oue wanted, Ichuca.— une wanted. Dahdenokq ahd WfiaiBBS Pobt.— One fronted. Hamilton. — One wanted. Daniel J. Draper, Se rretary of the Conference, Chairman ot the District. N.B.— Thomas Williams has leave of absence for one year to risit England. 11I.-S0UTH AUSTRALIAN DISTRICT. 63\. Adelaide Sooth (Pirie-street).— William Buttera, Spencer Williams, Peter B. C. Ussher. 64\. Adelaide North (Archer-street).— Jabez B. Water house, William Brown. 65\. Gattleb.— Nathaniel Benuett, 66\. Guhbbacha.— One to be sent. 7\. Kapusda.— Henry Birgess. 68\. Koobinga.— Tnomas Lloyd. 69\. iliNTABO.— Charles Colwell. 60\. Wiilukoa.— Robert C. Flockart. 61\. Cubjshdok— Matthew Wileon. 62\. Mount Babkbbasd Naiene.— Henry Chester. - 63\. Takkalilla.— Henry Bath. at CmmmTirnw ? Phnrlaa [T ftnlrieinllfi 15\. Kouitt Gajtbibr — William M. Bennett. William Bctteks, Chairmen of the District. IV.-WE&TEtJN; AUSTRALIA DISTBICX. 16\. Pbbik.— Samuel HarJey. 57\. Yobk.— Char'es Clay. Samuel Habdez, Chairman of the District, V.— TASMANIA DISTRICT. 18\. Eobast Tows.— John Cope. William D. Lelean. 39\. New .-osfolk.— One to be sent. - JO. Cambelltown.— John B. Smith. Hoaioif College, Boss.— William A. Quick, Pre sident of the College. 71\. LAT/ircssHHr.— Thomas B. Harris. It. LoHoroBD.— John Smithies. 73\. Wxstbob,t.— William Lowe. 74\. Dblobaetb.— Thomas Angwin, 2nd. 76\. Mbmbt.— Eichard 0. Cook. 78\. FBAincmr.— Robert S. Casely. 77\. Oailajids.— Joseph Fillinxhara. Thovab B Habbib, Chairman of the District. 