HAYMARKET FLOODS. A PUBLIC meeting of the inhabitants and proprietors of property in the neighbourhood of the Haymarket, was held last evening, at Mr. Dishington's Oddfellow's Arms, George-street, to take into consideration the best means for preventing the great destruc- tion of property caused by the overflowing of the only outlet for the water accumulated in times of rainy weather in that vicinity. Mr. Selby occupied the chair, Mr. Yeomans propoaed and Mr. J. Bayliss seconded the first resolution, which was as follows :— " That the Haymarket and the surrounding streets are subject to frequent floods, which cause great destruction to merchandise and ruinous to household property and detrimental to the health of citizens residing in the neighbourhood."—Carried. The second resolution waa proposed by Mr. Douglass and seconded by Mr. Dishington, as follows :—" That the said fre- quent floods are caused by the accumulation of water flowing from George, Pitt, Goulburn, Campbell, and Devonshire-streets, and Strawberry Hills into Hay-street, and the only outlet from thence being a small culvert of four feet wide by three feet deep, which is totally inadequate for the purpose intended."— Carried. The third resolution, proposed by Mr. Maguire, and seconded by Mr. Reeves, was as follows :—" That the course of any drain determined on for our relief by the Right Worshipful the Mayor and the City Council should be down Hay-street, and not on pri- vate property, as at present."—Carried. The fourth resolution,proposed by Mr. Hordern, and seconded by Mr. Harris-" Tbat the Haymarket tolls and tho taxea on pro- perty affected by theae frequent floods, compose a large portion of the city revenue, and that we deem it advisable to potltion the Bight Worshipful the Mayor and tba City Council, to apply an adequate portion of tho said revenue towards immediately remedying the evils complained of la the foregoing resolutions. Carried. The fifth resolution was proposed by Mr. O'Neil and esconded hy Mr. Spiers-" That a petition embodying the above resolution he entrusted to the aldermen OT Phillip and Donison Wards for piesentation to the Bight Worshipful the Mayor and the City Connoil, and that the following gentlemen with power to add to their number, be requested by the Chairman of Ibis meeting to form themselves into a oommlttee for aarryiug out the above reaolutlon :- Mr. Selby, Mr. Yeomans, Air. Douglass, Mr. McGuire, Mr. Hordern, Mr. O'Neil."-Carried. A vote of thanks to Mr. Dlsbington fsr his kindness in placing the room in whloh the meeting waa held at their diposa!, waa propoaed and seoonded, and carried unanimously. A vote of thanks was recorded to the Chairman, after whloh the business terminated. The following appointments are notified in yesterday's Oocernment Omette :-Mr. Charlea A. W. Lett, to ba an assistant oleik in the Treasury, rice Ralston. Mr. Henry Iain, to be a> tide walter In the Department of Customs, vice Toole, dismissed, and Itobort Dawaon, Esq., to bs gold reoelver at Cooma. It has been notified at the General Post offload that the maila for the Southern and Weatern Dietrich) will in future close at 4 30 p.m. IMPORTED STOCK.-Yesterday three splendid Durham bulls, a oow, and 18 merino roma, Imported per George Marshall, by Mr. Daore, of Moreton. Bay, were landed and sent to Messrs. Burt and Co. a Repository, where they have attraoted very considerable notice, being thought one of the finest lota of imported atook yet landed here. Tbs rama were aelected in Ger- many, and are considered fully equal to some Ncgrettl merinos imported by Mr. Bigge last year, two of which, It will be remem- bered, were sold by Messrs. Burt and Co. for tbs large prloe of .£150 each. Those now on view at Mesera. Burt's would amply repay tbs trouble of u visit from parties interested in the ad- vancement of our pastoral pursuits. The Relief of Lucknow continues, and de- servedly, to draw good hausea at tho Prinoe of Wales Theatre. At the close of the second act last night, there was a general call for the performers beforo tho curtain, and tho call was duly reaponded to. The publio are reminded that Mr. Colville ro- opena the Vlotoria Theatre tbla evening, with a most efficient company, including Chln-foo-lam-boo. who must be seen to be appreciated. The total earnings on the Great Southern Railway for the week ending SSth April, 1800, amounted to £730 ids. Sd., and tho total number of passengers carried to 0397 The total earnings on the Oreat Northern Railway for the week anding K8th April, 1800, amounted to £*b0 iva. ld. and the total number of passengers osrrled to 9196. Mr. McLaughlin, and Mr. Brunker hare been elected members of tho Maitland Dlstriot Council, to aervo for three yean. The Armidale Correspondent of the Tamworth Examiner saya :- A man named John Perkins attempted to commit suicide hy cutting his throat, on Monday last, at Mr. Gannon 's public-house. The unfortnnate man inflicted a wound about two inches long, which has been stitched up, and will not prove fatal. Drink, as usual, has no doubt been the cause of this rash act. He has been in custody, and waa dis- charged, expressing sorrow for his rash conduct. Tho Wagga Wagga Express of the 28th ultimo, says:-The Rev. Mr. Birmingham set out yesterday evening, on a visit to aoms of his flaok in this quarter, but find- ing ons of the oreeks which intersected his road completely Hooded, he was advised by the party who accompanied him to return to town. To this the reverend gentleman agreed, but wheo Mr. Badd, by whose advlce.be had turnod haok, roached Wagga Wagga thia morning, he was surprised to find that Mr. Birmingham had not retornad to town. Immediately several Earlies sot out in aearoh bf the missing gontloman, and we aro »PPT to aay that be arrived safely here lost ovening after spend lng a very disagreeable night in tho bush. A melancholy accident (says the Newcastlo oorrespondont of the Merari/) ocourrod hore carly yesterday morning. May 1st. A man named Samuel Tajlor, In the employ- ment of Mr. Perry, waa engaged wheeling ballast etono out of tho Malay barque, then lying alongBido tho A. A. Company's ballast wharf. At the time of the accident Taylor stood on ono of tho planks bstween the handles of his barrow whilBt tho barrow wns being loaded. It is stated that a largo etono was put on one stde of tiie barrow whloh oausod it to cupsizo, taking tho unfortunate man with lt. Ho foll a distance of eonio eight or ten foot, on to some stones, snd immediately got up and began to walk, hut had not prooeedod many yards boforo ha had to lie down. Assistance was at hand, and it was discovered that ho bad received a small cut in the groin, from which tho blood was pouring in etreams. A messenger was immediately dospatohod for a doctor, and Drs. Bowker and Staooy arrivod nearly about the sarao time, but too late to save the man'a lifo, as ho died a few minutée aftor their arrival. Tho wound, which was oithor oaused by falling on a atone or the barrow, waa in a spot whore several veins met. An Inqueet waa held on tho body last night. The Rocky River correspondent of the Armi- dale Exprtet soys :-Lost wook wo wero favoured with hoavyraln whloh came in good eoason, and now all tho waterholes aro re filenlsbed, and pilos of washing stuff which bad boen aooumulat. ng for weeks aro rapidly diminishing. Partios who bad boon en. gaged In drawing headings out of tbo old dalma on Mount Jones, for the purpose of sluicing, havo also boen realising tho fruits of their labours, but I am sorry to say Iboro Booms to ho no splritfor prospecting at prosent. Tho minora aro coutont to grub in the old workings, wh'-ro thoy may bo soon Uko ghosts of misers haunting tho ohambors thatoncocontalncd thoirrifled treasures. Not even tho prospect of a s I) sro of the thousand pounds to be obtained by Mr. Hoskins from tho Assembly, as prlzos for enter- prise, oxn induco the youngost and ablöst to rough it in the bash and break new ground. Messrs. Francis and party are still ham- mering at the stono in their shaft on Churoh Hill, tho sinking continuing very hard. Dodgers' rush ia ßalshod, and tho Chlnoao diggings tiohlnd Champion'e do not appear to bo going ahead, so that we oro much in want of some frosh stimulus to our enérgica. On Tuesday afternoon (says the Maitland Mercury Ja sortons occident happenod to ullttle boy namedRooert Larden, in Swan-stroet. Morpotb. Tbo little fellow, about eight yeera old, waa picking up tho hat of a mau namod Charles Tucker, when the horse on whloh Tuckorwns sitting kickod the child on the head, behind the oar. Dr Cotty was at onco called In, bul could give no hopo of the child's rocovory. At noon yestorday the littlo sufferer still lingorod.but was insensible. Tho Bama journal Bays:-Charles Tucker was charged at tho Court-house, Morpeth, yeaterday, with riding ovor a child, on TuoBday, in Swan street. Constable Stout deponed hs saw a child namod Kobari Larden, about nine yours old, In tho arms of Mr. Riloy; the child appeared to bo dying from a kick from a horse, in conse- quence of which the prisoner was arrested. William Keating da iiosod that on Tuesday he saw the prisoner cn horsohaok, atand ng by tho foothpatb ; tho boy was vory oloso to tba borso, and waa kicked and knocked down ; did not seo ths prisoner touob t he bores with whip or spur ; he appoared to be sober. Tho prl* sonar was discharged. On Thursday evening (says tho Wagga Wagga Erpreit) the mailman who startod with tho down mail on Saturday last, returned about the usual hour to Wagga Wagga, bringing with him about three or four roadside bags. Tbs post- master upon inquiry learnt that he bad not carried the down milli of Saturday farther than Hulong, tho station of Mr. Flood,, alleg- ing that he was unablo to proceed furtber in consequence of the state of the roads and the condition of the horses. Tho aub-con tractor gavo tho mau Into cuatody, on suspicion of having etolen the mail, and he was brought beforo the police magistrate yester- day morning. Mr. Murray's deposition was then taken, and the mailman remanded till the return of Mr. Gormly, who had started to make inquiries Into the mattor. It would bo prematura to aay more before tho result of tba Bub-contractor'a inquiry is known, but we cannot help adding that our township this week hes been placed in a moat awkward position between tbe non arrival of a Sydney and down river mail. The whole arrangement must be reformed, or the coming winter will often find ns in ths same predicament. The same paper reports the following : The barque Solon waa loaton the rooka off Crookhaven, on last Friday night. The Solon was of 505 tone register, belonged to Oldenburgh, and was commanded by Captain H J. Rhode. Shs waa bound from Sydney to Geelong. The weather was awful. A driving and blinding rain, accompanied by tremendous gusts of wind from the east and south-east, rendered, all attempts to stand out to s ea hopeless. Added to theBO unfortunate circum- stances, the night waa intenaely dark. The only chance lay in tacking, but this even failed, ands tremendous billow carried the veaaal on to the rocks, and left her there with ber head standing seaward. She was broken In three pisces on Monday morning last, bat her masts were still standing. Ths most disastrous part of the affair is tho loss of a siller boy, named Lewie Last. Wa believed ho had joined the abip but a ahort time previously. He was mlaaed ; but owing to the intense darkness no one wltnessod his fats. We understand (says the Ovens Constitution) that a young man recently connected with the Three Mile, who bsa of late been rsaldent at Morse's Creek, and who baa baan very successful In a quartz reef there, visited Beechworth yester- day, and presented Bech of the Protestant churches In town with £S-at the sams lins giving £S to the Athencam and £35 to ths hospital. - Bach generous oondnct is worthy of being noticed, an i .5 i' Tfl,eot» «. highest credit upon tba individual who has *°. , ... '«""anner, lt furnishes an example to others to go and do likewise. 