WESLEYAN ORDINATION SERVICE. 'YESTERDAY overling an ordination service was held at the Wesleyan Chapel. York.Btreet, when the Reverends rriaeophilua Bea'zley, J. Dowson, W. Fiddler, W. T. »Moyne, Vf. Carnow, and Levi Harison, who had been ceceived into full connection with tba ministers of that body at th« last Wesleyan Conference, held at Biol. bonrne. After singing and prayer, The PHESIDENT said : We are met again on a very important ooosBion, Most of the young men now to be ordained have passed their four years of probation. It . waa usual to bold these ordination . servioeB at tho Conference, bot circumstances prevent their attendance at some of those sittings. The young ministers to be set apart to tbe work of tbe ministry ?had been well tested and carefully examined, and were /found to have given satisfactory proof of their call to the ministry. ThoSECBETAjvr of the Conference then presented the above-named ministers to the. President for ordination. The PRESIDENT tben called on each to give some account of himself) when The Kev. T..BEAIZI,EY said he was the child of religions parents. At the age of ll years he attended a watch night service, when a discourse from the barren fig-tree was the occasion of his awakening to a sense of his con- dition. When he was IC years of ega he was more power folly awakened, and he; with others of his own, age, vat length fonnd peace with Cod. Shortly after his conversion he felt a desire to preaoh the Gospel, and after being employed as a tract distributor and local preacher, was at length called out to preaoh tbe Gospel ; of the genuineness of his call he bad nat the slightest doubt. > The Bev. W. T, WAYNE felt tbis to be a moat solemn .season. He was convinced of sin at the age of sloven years. Up to the age of nineteen he, with his parents, attended the Established Church, and would 'then have been made happy, had he been direoted to the Saviour in the simple Gospel way. At this period, -however, he felt his condition more acutely, and was en- abled to come to Christ as his Saviour. Be felt a desire to give himself wholly to God and the work -of the mini.try. He was persuaded that these colonies were the places to whioh he felt called to labonr, and in this work be trnsted to devote his life. The Bev. W. Ccnmow was the child of religions parents. Daring bis boyhood, he was given to reading. At the age of sixteen, he felt. the burden ot sin and .'his guilty nature; but ha was directed to Christ, whom he apprehended by faith, and was made «o unspeakably happy that tears constantly filled bis eyes for days. Some time ofter that, he was assoaiated with a little band that were like-minded with himself, they net regularly, and on their tarn addressed each other from which they wont on until many of them went oat to the ministry. -He felt that Christ was the sun of the ?Gospel system. He regretted not living near to God. He owned that, although he had other ambition, yet this -waa his one grand, aim to obtain a place among the Sainta in Heaven. The PnEBiDEur then observed, that the time would not admit of the other minister making the usual state- ment, and called on the candidates to stand np, and then in a very impressive address exhorted them to consider the condition of the world they ?were in. He reminded them of tba responBiblity of their .office, exhorted them then to study closely the Word of 'God, and see that tbeir own lives were in perfect aocor. dance with its precepts, and shew themselves examples of them. The ordination service as set forth in Mr. Wesley's abridgment of the book of Common Prayer waa then gone through by the President, e«oh minister giving the nattai response. After a short interval, passed in' silent prayer, the President and ali the other ministers pre sent laid tbeir hands on the heads of each, and said :-" Mayest thoa receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian Minister and Pastor, now committed unto thee by the imposition of oar hands'; and be thoa »faithful dispenser of tbe Word of God, and of his Holy Sacraments. In the name of the Father, and-of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." And giving to eaoh a - Bible, be continued " Take thoa authority to preaoh tbe Word of God, and to administer the Holy Sacraments in the congregation." The Sacrament of the Lord's Sapper was then admi- nistered to each of the newly-ordained ministers by the Re*. S. Rabone. The bymn on the 670th ragt having been sang, the Bev. W. HesBell and the Bev. ii. Ironside engaged in prayer. The PRESIDENT then, addressing the ministers said : He trusted that as they were now set apart they felt the solemn importance of this occasion. He remembered when he was in the same position and be trusted what he bad to say would be remembered by them. He then foroibly exhorted them to be spiritual men. and to cultivate personal piety. If they would be useful they mast be much in their closets, tbeir piety would bave an influenae on their étudies ; they remem- bered their early rising to study the Word of God ; tbey remembered also the seasons of devotional exercises, and fasting to whioh they felt it neaessary to diecipline themselves-these he urged them to continue. As well could men of other callings neglect tbeir business with- out loss as tbey could. It was impossible tbat it oou'd be done with impunity. He reminded them that in their devotional exercises with their congregations they Bhould take care to have the same pressing on to experiencing the same things themselves. They should continue to exercise self discipline, and to cultivate above all, personal piety, and not to forget that in one sense their time ol I probation was over. Yet they were not to consider it so in such a way as to relax their exertions in the road of ¡ improvement. There werelengths and depths of know- ledge that they should study to acquire, and ' following the example of Baxter and other divines, make themselves well acquainted with truth wherever found, bat above all to avoid that .kind of literature that does not profit. In their ministration they should aim at the salvation of souls. They have to be converted and sanctified and this should be their grand object, and this would be found to be the best guard against exultation, or self-glorification. Should they allow the slightest feeliog of this kind a place in their breasts, their ministrations would bs marred and their usefulness hindered. They must remember to always own in their hearts the success that might attend them to be the agency of the Hoi} ,Spirit alone. They should attend, as far as in them lay, to pastoral visitation o' tboso under their pastoral charge in tbeir own beuses. Irksome-as it might appear, the experience of older min- isters was that it was very neaessary to tbeir usefulness to know the spiritual state of their people as discovered in this way. Ho direoted thea to the period when the Judge of the quick and the dead should appear. It waa well to keep tbeir attention directed to ! tbat period so that they might be able to shew that they had not been labouring in vain, but tbat they would with those that beard tbem be saved on that great day. To the Bev. Mr. Harrison he would Bay that BB he was going to labour ia the South Sea Islands, lie would as sure him that his oil was essentially glorious, and that he would have the support of the prayers and sympa, thies of all his brethern and the wbole Church. Having again commended them to God, and the prayers of the congregation, he gave out the 6l0:h hymn. The Bev G. HURST engaged in prayer and the PRESI- DENT pronounced the benediction. . Tba assembly, whioh^was numerous, consisting of both sexes, in about equal proportions, and who manif rated throughout the entire proceedings their sense of the solemnity of the oooasion, separated a little before ten oV-Iook. 