LITERARY MATTERS. Messrs. Bel] and Daldy aro continuing their repror'uo. tion of Pickering's Aldine Poets, judiciously coraralt'ing each work to some editor who has made a speoiil study nf the author. The next in the series, Popo's Poetical Wmk», is edited hy Mr. William Thorn, the condootor of Notes and Queries, in wbioh periodical most of the new matter, elucidating the poet's life and writings, has appesred. There is another edition of Pope's complete Works preparing lor publication, by Mr. Murray, on which the late Mr. Croker was many years employed. This will comprise muoh new correspondence, Sea., from original MSS., and be published uniform with Murray's British Classics, in Sro., where Swift may ba expected to follow under the supervision of Mr. John Forster. Mr. Carlyle is reported to bo still busy on his Life of Frederick the Great. Volumes 8 and 4 will be published about May next. Th* continuation of Lord Mao inlay's History cannot bs looked for with any oortainty at pre- sent, though it is said that he left two additional volumes almost ready for the press. Mrs. Crowe, true to her mission, announces a new work, '. Spiritualism and the Age We Live Io." Her last volume, " Ghost Stori.a," bis been overlooked by tbe cheap reprinters, though the taste whioh people generally have for being horrified, would probably ren- der it a sale speculation. The African Travels and Explorations of the Mission- ary, Dr. Krapf, ore in presB, by Messrs. Soribner and Co., in an English version. They are expeoted scarcely to yield in interest to those of Dr, Livingstone, as the field over which they extend-the eastern ooist of the oniiuent in the neighbourhood of the equator-is equally unexplored, and moro nearly allied to Boientiflo interests by its connection with the source of the Nile and the muoh-disputed question of tba < xibtence of a towy mountains in that latitude. The work will form ona volume, large 8vo., with illustrations and a map. Mr,' F. Bridges, author of "Phrenology made Prac- tical," bas receivi d from tho British - Treasury, at the recommend, tion of Lord Palmerston, -EDO for bia investi* galions as to the causes and increase of crime One of the most laborious works of modern times is about being finished, after fifteen years'uninterrupted labour. We allude to tbe work of the Brothers Hadg, La France Protestante, or, "Lives of French Protestants who have made 'hem tel vus a Nome in History." Nire larne volumes are already out, to be followed by a tenth of additions, rectifications, indexes. íc>. Tnough soaroely known, even by name, exoept in France, it is the great source from wbioh all information about the Huguenot families of settlers in the New World, and their détend, ants, must in future be diawa. Judge Halliburton (Sam Slick) finds ia England a read; market for bis wiitings, though in America he was regarded aa working an exhausted vein. He is simulta- neously carrying on two series of papers-" The Seartjn Tioket," in the Dublin University Magazine, and " Mis. directed Lottern," in The Constitutional Frets. Mr. Lawrence Oliphanl'a " Narratives of Lori Elglu'j Mission to Japan and China," ia to be brought out in very handsome style, with a profusion of illustrations, fae similes of native drawings, ito., in ohromo-lithugraphy and wood, forming 3 vols., 8»o. Mr. Oliphant was act. ing secretary to the mission, and filled the same otfloe for Lord Elgin during his Governorship in Canoda, at whioh time his " Minnesota and the Ear West," one of the liveliest pictures of Western life, was written. The two most auocessfal books of the late London season ore deolared to be (alway« after "Adam Bede") " Our Farm of Four Acres," a two-shilling book by Miss Coulton, sister of tbe editor of the Pren, weekly newspaper, a lady who in ber mioaturs farm at Wal. thamstown, near London, reduces ber precepts to prac- tice; and "Alpine Peaks, Passes, and Glaciers," a guinea volume of mixed soienoe and adventare, beaut' fully illustrated, which bas reaobed two or three editions tn a few months. Mr. ' Eapp'a " Life of Baron Steuben," pnbliehel by Mason Brothers, is obaraoterised by The Athenäum as the satisfaotory fulfilment of a historical task, well weighted with corroborative doouments, which. make it more valuable for reference than amusing for pe- rusal. Cham, of the Charivari, lately wrote the following note to M, Alexander Dumas, junior ; " My dear friend. If you will, indeed, be to rae a Vere Brodigue, Bend me two box tickets, for to-morrow. Eely on my Ingrati- tude." By return of post he received the following answer: " I will certainly think of yon to- morrow. Bely on my negligence." Br. Cumming will publish, on the Itt Janua-y, the first number of a new sérica of Sabbath Evening Bead- ings on the Book of Danie1. In the announcement it is said :-'? The author bas not published any exposition of the last prophecy ol Daniel ; bat, having stndied and leotured rn it in tho light of exiating complications and events he it satisfied that lt will prove interesting and instructive." No purchaser having aome forward for bis estates, and the national subscription having only produced abnat 150.000Z., to pay more than S.COO.OOOf. or delfs, M. de Lira or tine has been obliged to ask for time. Hî bas called all his oreditora (more than 400) together, end has proposed to give up to them his entâtes, the value of which exoeeded his liabilities. He also stated that, notwithstanding the' insufficiency cf the national sub. soription, be had paid to his creditors, in eighteen j months, ont of the prodnce of bis literary labours, a sum of l,200,000f., and engaged to pay in January ard Febru- ary next, a further sum of 30D,O00f. ; so that bis debts would be reduced to 1,000 OOOf. He, therefore, solioited the indulgence of dividing his payments into three or four instalments, boping, he said, by lat our and economy, to pay every one in full. Notons of the credi- tors opposed the proposition. In a reaent leoture delivered at Glasgow, Sir John Bo wring having asserted that the lexicon of the Chinese language consists of seventy large volumes, IS. Stanislas Julien, professor of Cbineso at tho College de France and the first Sinologist in Europe, bas written to tte Coruti'utionncl to point out Sir Joha'd mistake. M. Julien states that in reality the imperial dictionary of tho Emperor Koang.bi, being that whioh all European students of Chinese ase, is only of thirty-two volumes in 12mo, not thicker than the little finder, and containing only 43,718 characters. M. Julien asserts, moreover, that a knowledge nf about one tenth of these characters is sufficient to enable Chinese books to be understood, «nd that the Chinese language " is as clear aa the easiest of modern languages," tba proof being, be says, tl at numerous Chinese works have boen translated into Frenoh in the oouzsa of tb« last thirty yean, Natts and Queries gives the following impromptu ol Daniell O'Connell, occasioned by tba attack of tbe three Colonel», Siblhorp, Perceval, and Vernor, whioh ia bein* given in an incorrect form in the publia print'. The following ia a copy as it appeared November 10.1839: - " Thrso colonel« In three different counties bora, 81igo. Armagh, end Linooln did adorn ; The first of them in ignorance inrpaMod, Tho next in impudence. In grace me laat. The force of nature could" no further go, To beard tho third, eoe abarvod the othor two." The Critic remarks-Is Thomaa Carlyle the denouncer of shams, the contemner of beadles, the destroyer of windbag«, among the wearers of gauds and gewgaws of rank? Else why the report that he has been mada a Knight of the Faloon by tba Grand Duke of Saxe-Wei mer, and bas accepted it ? To be sure, Goethe, whom he so intensely ud mires, submitted Co be patronised by a worse specimen of a grand duke than this prêtent Duke of Saxe.Weimar, and that may have had its influence witb the great Diogenes of Chelsea. But then, not BO many years have past eines be refused'the order of the J?o'fc-.<ldi«r (Red Eagle) at the bands of the King of Prussia. If BO, why accept from a grand duke what was rejeoted wbon offered by a king ? The Clerical Jonrnal asserts that the- recent review of Dr. Cumming's Great Tribulation, in tba columns of The Times, was written by the Doctor himself. .. We bave good reason," says our authority, " for knowing that he makes no aeeret of the fast, and tbat it is stated openly among his friend« that it is so." Of t'-e " Arch. Tribulxtor," the Constitutional Prêts Magasine hamo, rously sings : "Old England, tbs country we all of us lovai The country of Churchman and Tories, From Us lofty position they're trying to shove, And pat a qalok end to it« glories. From Dan tc Beersheba, from North Pole to South, Moat horrible rumoura are bamming, And the story's already in everyone's meath Of the ' O rest Tribulation ' that'* coming-. Chorus!-Of the Oreat Tribulation-that's Cumming!" ' Ufrs. Gilbert a Beckett's D,«ar old England " U a thrilling sang, capable of rousing lukewarm hearts to intense enthusiasm. All we can say is, that if this song is not on the lips of every rifle-volunteer from ftleworth te the Isle of Sky, it should be. Plaisanterie apart, this appeal to the dormant patriotism of the country sheds a new and a bright lustra on the high musical reputation of this gifted lady. It is well known that Baron Humboldt left to bis faithful valet of forty years' service, bis library and other movable property. The bequest has been disputed bv the nearest relations of Humboldt, and the whole effects were placed under the »eal of the Urban Court of Berlin. The first decision was la favour of the legs, tee, but the family bave appealed to a higher court, and a delay of three months to put in proofs in support of their protestation has just been granted. The question exoites much interest in Germany, from, the unique oharaoter of the library. 