, THE NEW ZEALAND ZAND POLÏOY OB BISHOP SELWYN. TO THE EDITOR OP THE EMPIRE* i I claim on behalf of the Now Zealanders i ,wn ln»««Usation of all queationa relating- to their tltlo to land before a regular tribunal, with tho' usual aafeguarda against parua itv or error, »li,, avldenoe on oath, argumenta of oounaal, 5S?; lîiiî ,îf apP?f'- a- That military /oreo .hall not bo om-, ployed till Ibo ofyll power shall have been Mod, anti shall have boon round fnanfflolnnt toosrry out.tbo jutlgmont of tho oourt. 3. aa 1 ¡"«""aon aa thia oolony won avowedly formod, not for tho aaqulalUonof territory for tho English raoo, but for the protec- tion of tho Now Zealanders, thia primary objoot shall not bo aaori Jlood to tho agg- randiaomont of tho Engílah provínoos."-Iff/a lord, snip tht Buhop qfNew Zealand to ttie Qolonial StcrcluryS ' J, '. Auokland.iSth April, 1880. , M2^Z?SJ*°1£ÍT" \\*BR BÏ0T0'' whioh the'Bishop ol «aw Zealand has pot forth " on behalf of the Newi &ttaMr;°'ei1.ï' y°u'ín y°ur Bble laadei of the ¿«n rtnn.,'Bnd,you.tblnk «oem .to be « both just and '"oliimK^T- n, A9Xot\>'° thu, endorsoY those U..-.T, ipatu0,r,,h bjr B«<>h « high authority/.wbioh'l. '"ÏÏfaÂ /"f "Mí," °»lûaI«'e° to mislead people , ata dlstanoe, I ask permission toocoupy a small snaoe ^ÄPUrjonwi^witJifln examinion of thara, in New, Zealand that would 'object to theestablishment:' 'of.^ueb a Court,? Certainly, not bia, Exoellenoy tba [Governor,' nor" bia . present responsible, Ministers, for .they have been'most anxious for yeara'to establish' suab ' 'a tribunal; All .tbe white population of the cou'«try jwnuld be delighted to see suoh a Court, and.especially to see thet natives submitting; to Us decisions. No; one knows .better than tba Bishop, that the only difBoulty in the way ia presented by tho natives themselves. ' Would William Ringi havo submitted himself and bia'shadowy claims to the jurisdiction of suoh a Court? i He knows nothing , at'all of tho Maori, wbo would assert this. Tba Bishop himself oannot pos-ibly believe that he would. It is notorious that WU iam Ringi hns not the ghost of a olaim to the land, about' the - sale of which ; tho proaent ' war has arisen. Take the following from the despatoh of tho Distriot Commissioner, at Taranaki, dated " Newi Plymouth, Dfoembor 4'tb, 1880." , " William King avowed bia determination toi'oppose' the sole, without advancing any reason for doing so, upon jwhioh 1 put a series of questions to him, wbioh I called ¡upon tbe Bey. Mr. Wbitoley to witness. , , . " Doos the land belong to Toira and party ? Yes, the land is theirs, but I will hot let th>m sell it. . , ; " Why will you oppose their selling that whioh in their; own t Because I do not wish for the land to be dis.' turbod ; and although they haye floated it; I will not let; It go to seo." ,, ? I ,The present difficulty at Taranaki is a singularly unfortunate one, on whloh to odvanoo the'olalm for legal discussion and examination. The award of Mr. Com- missioner Spain, in 1844.40, in whioh he decides against. William King! and the Ngatiawa'a claim to the land, waa made af ter precisely such a trial BS the Bishop with hU' usual zeal and warmth, now demande on behalf of'the' nativos. . Bat did the natives respeat the decision of Mr. Spain ?. Did they not by their turbulence, frighten poor Captain Fitz Roy, tho then govornor, out of his propriety, and induoed him to sot aside the, award of tho Court? And havo thoy not ever sinae laughed at tho simplicity of the Fakeha settlors in giving np their forms and housoB without a atrugglo ? And af tor fifteen years' experience of the advantages of bounce and swag- I ger, be would bo a simpleton indeod, who would think they would voluntarily submit to an adverse decison. 3\. Tbe claim of tho BiBhop " that military: foroo shall not be employod till the civil power shall hávo boen tried," ico., is of a oharaoter eirnilar to tho foregoing. It ia a nosition whioh no one in or ont nf Nnv Z»nlnnri would bb disposed to argue against. Bat persona at a distanoo may bo led to think that tho Government wore in great baste to employ military force against William Kiogi and porty. Why, Sir, tho very contrary to this is the truth. Tho history of that unfortunate Now Dy month aottlomont for tho last sixteen years is strong proof of tho exoooding alemonoy and forbooronoe with whioh tho clamorous and turbulont nativoB of Tara- naki have been treated. Governor Fitz Boy,in 1814,gavo baok to thom tho lands whioh Mr. Gummi-jalonar Spain had adjudged to havo been fairly and equitably alienated, for fear of having to "employ military foroe," andan plunging Into war. Sir Georgo Grey, In 1847, threatened William Kingi on Mount Elliott, Taranaki, that .if ho attempted to sottlo on tho south bank of tba Waitara, tho scone of tbe prosont strife, ho would bring bia ships of war, and blow William King!*« canoas out of tba water, I and destroy his pabs, ito. Hd did not fulfil his threat i for fear of a nativo war, i when Williim Kingi, in 1848, openly dolled bim, and dared bim, by bringing.up from Cook's Straits, .all lils goods, canoes, and 600 mon, wo. men, and children; and settled upon tho forbidden land, ' Sir Goorgo'Groy -quietly submitted to William Kingi shaking bia tomahawk in his faoe, and laying hold of his Exoellencj'ahorao by tho bridle, turning him book to tho town,, because he did not obooso that tho Govornnr should, ride over to soo Waitara, Thia indignity Waa Ant resented by hör Majesty's representative, and "military force was not employed," lost war should ensue. Fo lonies, and breaoboa of tba peaoo, by nativas, havo again and again boen compounded by the Resident Mnglalrato of Now 1'lymotitb, front" bia titter 'powar'Jesanosa to oxoottta 'tho'law," and " military - force" has bash withheld by the Government lor fear of the oonan quonoes. If his Exoollenoy tho prosent Governor could hnvo staved off tho prosont difficulty by any amount of olroumlooutlon, be would have bean glad' to' 'do no. Already ho has obtained,'both from nativos'and Euro; penna, tho sobriquet of '(Governor Wait- a-bit ;" or, ÜB the Maori baa it, bo ii. thu » Taihoo Kawana,",! Whan; therefore, it ls oontendod that military force shall nat ba tried until all other moans have fiU)nd, it ls only. bentlrVg tho air so far aa tha Government «nd the natltoa of New Zetland aro ooncorned. ! S. The third olaim put forlh by the Bishop is aa unnecessary and uncalled for" osf either of, tba others. Have'any attempts been thado "by the Taranaki settlers " to dispossess the native's of their lands? What '.'aggran- disement" has; thar unforiunate province Recured at, ibo expense of the aborigines?, After !í0 long' 'yráfs of patient oooupation', the province did not number 3000 souls at the last census, though it ia one of the moat fruitful and healthy dismots in the whole colony ; while other two Provínoos,1 not in existence until ten or twelve years ago, have as many as 10,000 of European population in eaeh of tbemi 'It ÍB o most oruel playing with tho Bufferings of tho Taranaki people to say as his lordship does, with obaraaterist'io emphasis, that " this primary object," -viz., " the proteotion of the NewZealnnder, shall not ho sacrificed to tho aggrandise mont of tbe English provinces." . _ > i I maintain, from my pe.eonal knowledge, that the protection bf our follow- > colonists in ^Taranaki hoi been wantonly aaorifiae'd tn.tbe > eKgrandiHemen't'pf ílje turbu- lent and dissaff-oted William King!, and his > murderous .allies of Taranaki and Ngatiruurinl. . 'When-Governor 3?..lá Boy, in 1844, reversed the deo!, läion of Mr. Comroir- slonor Spain, there were dwelling at Mancaroka, seven, miles fr'm New Plymouth,' Borne scores of English l 'settlers.' They , bad fenced -and i were. - cultivating. some ; hundreds of acres of land. Their homesteads, standing - -in the midst of verdant /postures,, and ; fruitful fields of grain, the result , of- their own hard-handed toil, were BB' pleasant a sight, to the NewJJeoiand traveller as oould well be imagined, after the, monotony of scores of "'c mile(i j.'.pt'\desert WBHJO of fern ,and j's'rub, through whiob' he had1 passed to1 Hat ' to ..Taranaki. [Trw Bisidont Magistrate"' of- ' Taranaki; ? »To«iah Flight, Psq.". was, then 'living on'à beautiful farm, at 'Manxoraki. He had 60 uores of land feuded in, a good duoh, and bank ajl round, mid be .-.-aa in every way oom fortabVyl'and ". lfàpyily.ïooatid. I hai'the pleasure of dining willi'him oh his farra, and wa, onahartted, with the prospecta of tba rising English'Village pf MángorAka. Wall, »ll these Nettlora.were dlsposaeHged'by Oover'nsr Fitz Boy, and they wore compelled to accept'pf small' al lottnentH oloso to N-w Plymouth,irí-, compensation!. (?) \- for the'fnrma thoj*gave np. . Have the nalivei.'for wH iso benefit these sacrifices were mn.de,.ever bonoflolo I ^oc- cupied Matigoru ko? It is now a desert wnote, and has been ever since the English settler*"' were ? toroiblyre moved. The land is worse than in , its native wildness, for the thistle ard other noxious weeds, the'«courge of tbe farmer, ure rapidly soroading over tba face nf ibu country. Tbe nativo» cannot cultivate ">no twiehtioth port of the land. . It ie perleotly valueless' to ' them. Some of tbe morñ intelligent and oivilised among thom see thia. They want tb'aeli portions of íftíír own estate, and ? thus,, bave tho 'advantage of, u " nurkft for their prodùoe, which a, European villogo would otford, und also enbanoo*tho value of .those Intuís they might wish to retain. , Saveral 'of th>ïr"relatives have been murdered hy tho rebel William" King! 'ond ¡party, because they offered their own'tand for sala and tbe same chief ana pariy have publicly; mudo ¿nown their determination, . that they will kilt any*other native who shall dare-to offer bis land to Government. . , j The poor unfortunate, refugees'from Taranaki, whoso homes'bavo' been destroyed, who 'have;"seen" many of their neighbours murdered, and who. are now, through the war, exiled, and destitute, ought, perhaps, to be heard on the question,, as .well OB the Bishop of Ñew 'Zealand. I believe their . united testimony, ia, that the unhappy war was just and inevitable. . I I yield to none in my anxious1'wish for the prenorva. lion and elevation of that; in many respects,'noble'rao», the New Zealanders. After twenty years of toiUnnd saorlfioo among them, I feel strongly in their behalf. But, were ! still resident in New. Zealand, I nho Id, 1 think, better shew . my good.will toward, them,' by en- deavouring to uphold'tho bands' of '.'the Governor and bis responsible Executive in their endeavour to maintain British law and authority, than by throwing the shield of mistaken olomency over tba' robbers and murderers of Taranaki. ; '. '.'"", I am, Slr, your bbodient sorvant, SAMUEL IRONSIDE. 