THE' ORIBIS. TO THE EDIT B or THE EÏIPIIIE.. Sm,-If "coining events bist' thtir stiodowehefore, I 'hera o»n heno doubt that, the popple ere preparini themselves for a final struggle with tba hatoful " oil man of the sea" clique, and tb shew lo; the world tba th« destinies of a yoong und gloriana nation,¡eball bi trifled with no longer. Now, as wa. are on tho ova of t I great battle-th» battle of. freo selection beforo survey I may ba permitted to remark that tlio.oppnnon.a of tin 18th clause of the Robertson Lind Dil], after au infinite »amount of troubla ; after travelling up and donn o'er tbi I unquiet earth, seeking for tho ghost of an arguaient, one finding none (for tho hone rabie Promior has orutnple-e them and their "bono and siuew " argument, to .snuff by the force of truth, and nothiog but tho milli) it ba bores every man having tho . welfare of the country ol heart,'to drive them from their '.'last bhift." ,.[... ' It is almost at refreshing as a good. farae;'in fact quite a treat to us bushmen, to read tho lato interminable npeeohea recently delivered by hungry lawyers one Bplehdld incapables,on tho Opposition benches. j Talking of lanyers, tbe House is tired, cf! . thom, Take aa samples, tho hono-nblo James Martin; and tho honorable J, 0, D.lrvall. T .o .latter gentleman, in bia own peoniiar and barefaced style of assertion) said, ir the rooent debate, "that he admitted'tho squattori beoamo possessed of their ho'dlngs by< freo selection without survey ; but, be would oak, could tho land bar« been used for any otbor purpose?'.' . But. he forgot tc add, that now that it fa wanted for other purposes, bli friends, tho rqtiattcts, wuro noting, Uko a genteel "horde of ruffians," up to Ibu Bob Boy principle : Thora may tako who have tho power, And tney may koop who can, foractling to mention, alio, that bo, Mr, Dirvoll w s, and ever,has been, foremost to defend them in their mani, fold sins and wickedness. Wo remember Mr. Darvall, speaking on electoral reform, saying that " it was almost universal suffrage, and could not be," brought nearer, unlosD tboy desired to ndmit Chinamen end such like strangers to voto, who would vote in Parramatta . one day, and in Bathurst thu noz'." ' Wo wonder if it is at all likely ihit Mr. DaivaU and bia Siamesa twin-brother; Mr. Piddington, will deriva any benefit from Ghinaraon, and such like strangers taking tho trouble to root rd their voten in thoir favour in tho coming emergonoy 1 Wo shall see. anon.' Then, look' at the- 'bold ! Martin, exceedingly clover, but, if report- speaks true, somewhat deficient in tho mailor of poliiicul honesty-but that docs . not .detract much- from his olevernets. Not by no means. Wo have, for a long series :of yoars; admired and oppreoiatod his,'Mr. Martin's cleverness, more especially so nt tho list general elidion ¡ and have ooma to the oouoluslon that ho is now flt for any societri deserving of o monument, or a brass pluto to bo worn \ la Cobbora Jaokey, as a perpetual token cf our admira- tion and esteem. Sbonld bo face his constituents again, they will, doubtless; bo treatod to another oohoort ; for be is aura to resort to bis old.taotioi, and; treat' the elec- tors to a few of bia favouiito tunes on bis old brasa (pro. taotionist) trumpet. Aye, even to tho very cracking of hisobeeltsl What a pity Hay wont ' leavo his bunyipa ti Join him on his pastoral pipe! The two togotber could play* Money and Brains" to perfection. I de. ol are, Mr. Editor, it is very laughable to oontemplato tho ahifta and.dodges that are likely to bo retorted to in the coming contest, ospealally so, considering bow many anxious years'we have spent waiting for an equitable Land-Bill, «nd doing battlo for our rights against the moat greedy and soulless monopolists pa tho face of Cod's earth, I say, undor thoso oiroumstanoos, lt is , as lofreabing and loul-ohcering as a good farce to conterop'ato and ' anticiptte the ooming victory. ' And poor Dlaolt, wo aro told, ls looking as ludicrous and molanoholy as a donkey's baby dreaming of 11 free grass I" What n sorry sight for big old friends, tho land losgnerp. If thoy limo any of tho milk of human kindness left, they will band bia over to a "wot nurse," and elect you, Mr. Kdlfor, president instetd j wo suspeot, from the tono of your loading articles, that you ara "well up" in tho dutlqs of the offloo, and that you do know tho exaot val if o of "freo grass." And John Campbell is roportod to bo ¡biting his nails and striving to look wita ; wo should boto thought be was beginning to auspoot himself a fool, for making a rod for hil own baok, by supporting elcotoral roform. Ho, rquatter as ho is, did not imagine that oleotoral re. form was the final prelude to ? settlement of the land quostion-a question of more importance to a young and' nascent .nation like oars, than any other likely to arise for, generations to como ; but Mr, John Campbell, in tho plenitude of bis wisdom, saya, " that tbs' squatters are willing to give up the agricultural .land, ' bnt they - could not bo o iitont ' to .have lha - people coming and ploklng out parts of their rubs i the Crovernmont should make agrigultural reserves, and give 100 aérea for. nothing to the maa that broke up the land, nddlbg that libera, Was plenty bf land nrar tba ooaat, which might be. given away, for sheep would not thrive near the ooitt-ibeep '.fc'ptjwpon lend near tba eoest would die of the flnkei JJiaafc yoojpr nothing, Squatter Campbell ¡ your pooka patriotism ooapa"ntit"ât*àirpbfili>7 you tlifnlclhif an; I nd »yat«ni,\«e.miy'adopt will not succeed in atiraotin| population to the country. This is a wondeiful .di* '. .oiivery, Mr. Editor, but, roeonniii'o-it will be a* wtll tc please Mr. Campbell Ir-m all further legialatorlal caret . av»d trouble, and tell hi» that m the event of bia putting himself forward again, tba people will assuredly speak '.out, through tho ballot-box, and tell him to go andi bag bin head. ' ;;' Who have been the bitterest enemies of the peoplo on alf, occasions? Whose .lives hara b)»n ,spe>Dt in amassing wraith and enacting laws tn ' b-tnivh tbo chirit of « independence from our midst T jWhe, let me a«k, were the advnoatea of every measure ¡oaleulathd to injure tber material interest of every son of labour io the land f Look down tho diviaion list on Bf'. B>y'«amendment; you will find tbeir names reodrded amongst Ibo "ayes." Yes,.they ara to be found amongxt .the memorable and doomed "thirty-three." Leithe ueople unite once again; throning all sectarian and . party feeling aaide, and teaoh the thirty- three usurpers a never-to-be-forgotten lesson. Let them sbew practi- cally to toil-worn and war-worn Europe, that here, io thia goodly land, " labour is wealth." and " the people the sonro9 of all power." ,2'say, let the elootora bear thia in mind in the t'Omioc contest, and the victorv ia oompletp. ONE OF THE'PEOPLE. 