SABBATH OBSERVANCE. The Rev. Dr. Cairns delivered an address at half-past seven on Tuesday evening, in Mr. He- therington's Church, Collins street, to a crowded audience. The object of the discourse was a reply to the objections urged against the rigid obser- vance of the Sabbath. His Honor the Chief Justice presided, and the Rev. Mr. Darling opened proceedings with prayer. Dr. CAIRNS remarked that he had to ask them to sit and hear with patience all he had to say. It was an old and a true axiom, that a tree the growth of ages would wither in an hour, and so would a great and solemn truth sometimes suffer, when suddenly and fiercely assailed. It might be a work of supererogation for him to attempt to say anything in favor of the Sabbath. It had been proved that the Fourth Commandment was an essential part of moral law. The Sabbath was an ever recuriing festival of joy and love, raising man from earth to heaven. Those who were in a position to investigate the matter fairly would never dispute the importance of the Sab- bath and its undoubted consecration. Its adver- saries had indeed raised men of straw in order to knock them down, but they would not grapple honestly with the spirit of truth. He might, per- haps, be well content to let the argument work its own conviction, confident that it would never be shaken. But he had a little bone of his own to settle with his assailants, who were composed of two hosts, and who had chosen personally to attack him, as a representative of the ministry on the subject. Those assailants comprised firstly a mob of anonymous letter writers, who found suffi- cient shelter for their insidious attacks in the columns of the Argus ; and secondly, the con- ductor of that journal, who also found ample scope for the exercise of his rancorous hostility to Christianity, in his position. The first-named class of foes were legion, Jew and Gentile and his hearers would recollect that the whole dispute arose out of an answer to a very simple question ; that such answer raised a hubbub to which the storming of a wasps' nest was a trifle, a conflict compared to which the touch of Ithuriel's spear was as nothing, a dispute which had filled Melbourne with its din, moved Geelong even, and almost frighted the colony from its propriety. That unfortunate and uncon- sidered remark of his was immediately pounced upon as the Malakoff of his Sebastopol, and his well-wishers became alarmed at the imprudence he had exhibited in choosing to defend it. He might, however, remind his opponents that their laughter was possibly premature, and that even that weakness which they imagined they had de- tected might prove sufficiently strong to over- whelm them. Really, however, the question was of no importance ; and even if his adversaries proved that he was wrong in that reply it did not affect the point at issue. If his assertion were true it was not a revealed truth, and was not of consequence either to Jew or Gentile. The clamor which had been raised about the matter was a weak device of the enemy to draw atten- tion from the subject, and he felt compelled to administer a little medicine that would ruin the complacency of his opponents. In catching him they might discover that they had exposed themselves. The first notice to be found of the Sabbath was in Exodus, where the seventh day was spoken of as con- secrated, and reckoned from the first appearance of the manna. From this era the Jews counted their week and observed their Sabbatic rest. This was what he meant when he spoke of the Jewish Sabbath. The Jews while captive in Egypt lost their reckoning, and Nehemiah in the ix. chapter and 14 verse, remarked that they worshipped the gods of Egypt. One of the gods so worshipped was Orus, the Grecian Apollo, deus solis or god of the sun. They might learn from Polidorus that the Hyperboreans, or northern nations, were extremely addicted to the worship of this deity, and that from this the seventh day of the week was sacred to Apollo. Hesiod spoke of this,—and Homer referring to the same subject said " Then came the seventh day, when all were at rest." Also " We left Acheron on the seventh day." The Latins regarded the same day with equal veneration; Tibullus wrote :— "Aut ego sum causatus aves aut omnia diva. Saturni aut sacram me tenuisse die." O ther Latin authors reckoned Sunday as a fes- tival, employing, it would be seen, the word Sunday, or " dies solis"—day of the sun. Plato and Solon mentioned that day ; and we might ask, whence came it that all Egyptians, Greeks, and Latins considered this day as peculiarly con- secrated? He would reply to such a question in the words of one whoso dictum on the matter was unimpeachable. Such consecration arose from the universal traditions of creation, which was completed in six days, and which rested on the seventh. The day so marked and so observed was not the Sabbath of the Hebrews, not the seventh day, but the first day of the week—a fact no scholar or theologian of the slightest preten- sions would deny. He had not the slightest doubt but that the authors of these letters and articles in the Argus were equally acquainted with that fact, and that they were not so utterly ignorant as they chose to pretend. Then Justyn, the martyr, said, " We meet for the worship of God on Sun- day;" had he said the Sabbath, it would have been the Jewish day; had he said the Lord's day, it would have been the Christians'. Tertullian said the said the same thing, especially em- ploying the words " dies solis." Constan- tine, in his edicts, designated the day as the day which the Hebrews call the first day of the week, and the Greeks the day of the sun. Such an amount of testimony would satisfy any reasonable man, and should satisfy them. As for the Jew, he would refer him to Josephus, who, in his reply to Appian, said—"There was no nation on earth to whom the day of rest had not come in commemoration of the rest of God when he made the world, and the rest of the same God when he saved it." Dr. Cairns then read the remarks of the limits on the observance of the Sabbath, and stated that it would be difficult to conceive a more ludicrous assumption, or a coarser specimen of ignorance than that he had just read to them. Let the Jews beware how they sought for comfort at the hands of men who could think of no epi- thet more opprobrious to hurl at him (Dr. Cairns) than that of a Jew advocate. He knew the Jews, and he loved them. Their exile for centuries was a miracle of judgment, while their presence re- minded Christians of the covenant. They were God's most eloquent witnesses, and their most useful monitors. They should be mindful that each Christian land was now enjoying its Sabbath, be- cause Israel in olden times polluted its observance. But the Jewish nation would return, and Jerusa- lem again smile in the light of Heaven. He would tell Mr. Aaron, if such a Jew there was, that while he could rely on his sympathy, those to whom he had fled for support, looked upon him with contempt, and could think of no deeper insult than to call him a Jew. Among the cloud of anonymous contributors to the Argus, there was " E.," and " Anxious Inquirer" and " Z.X.," and one who signed himself " A Christian." He was thankful that there was a Christian amongst them, though he had his doubts as to the kind of Christian he was. He thought that he was entitled to see his op- ponents face to face. Every man had his position in society, and a man writing was in a great degree guided by his principles. He had been told that two of these letter-writers were brother ministers of the Gospel. He trusted such a state- ment was untrue, but he must confess that he had his doubts respecting " E." He thought " E." meant "Your Reverence," in Hebrew one who aspired to the dignity of a priest or ruler. In his haste to disparage, " E." had forgotten that the " suppressio veri" was equal to misstatement. He had shown them' that the Decalogue was de- livered prior to the Jewish ceremonial law. Of this fact " E." and the Argus had taken no notice. The arguments employed left that and many other truths respecting the Fourth Command- ment untouched. It was needless to refer to the state of man in Paradise, for by sin man forfeited his right, and he was warranted in affirming that the com- munity were annoyed and insulted by the petulant forwardness of a cloud of writers, who attempted to rob Jehovah of the praise due to Him, by their drivelling compositions. He would begin with " E.," who gave a new translation of the Fourth Commandment. He would not question his Hebraic knowledge, as evinced in his state- ment that " E.," in the pronoun or article, had a very comprehensive meaning, and that Hebrew was the language in which the Scriptures were originally written. That he would not ques- tion; but he differed with " E.'s" new translation of the Fourth Commandment. It would be observed that " E." altered the Sabbath day to the seventh day, thus making the commandment confined to the Jewish Sabbath. That point, however, was perfectly immaterial. He had with him the finest edition of the Hebrew Bible, that of Van der Hooghts', and though he was not going to read Hebrew, he saw many of his brethren who were ripe scholars, and would per- haps examine it. More than that, he had referred this matter to a real rabbi, Mr. Rintel, who had written to him, stating that the word Sabbath in the Hebrew could by no means be rendered into seven, or into anything but its real moaning, rest. He thought that that testimony should do for Mr. " E.'s" Hebrew, but the mis- take, such as it was, was, not " E.'s" but another's. He had an idea where to discover its origin, and passing by a book-stall one day, he invested a shilling in a book which was a Roman Catholic translation of the Commandments. He found that " E." and the Roman Catholics per- fectly agreed on the point, and though he would not say that " E." was a tool of any priest, yet he must leave him to fight out the matter as he best could. If " E." really were a minister of Christ, what must they think of his tampering with the moral law? Was that a time for such a thing— for a new translation? What matter was it? Did it prove that no day could be the seventh day but that observed by the Jews? Their autho- rity for observing' the Sabbath was the command ment of God; their reasons were drawn from the testimony of Scripture and the example of the apostles, and until those laws and those reasons were overthrown, it was worse than vain to sing the strain of objections that had been the stock-in- trade of unbelievers for the last twelve centuries. Athanasius taught that in the old time of the Jews the seventh day was highly esteemed, but the Lord had since changed it, and when the Saviour came upon earth, that seventh day waned like a candle in the light of the sun. The Fourth Commandment was not buried in the same grave as the seventh day, for it demanded the observa- tion of a seventh day and not the seventh day. Edwards, that great writer, said, that the Fourth Commandment afforded no objection to the first day more than the seventh day, and that it did not determine which day should be kept, but only that some day should be kept, and that after six days of labor one day should be considered holy. He was asked by one of these writers, " If the day had been changed would not the epoch of that change be marked by as great an illustration of Jehovah's majesty as that exhibited on Mount Sinai?" His reply to that question was that the sacrifice of Immanuel on Calvary's bitter cross was a manifestation far exceeding that of Mount Sinai. In the latter was the terror and the majesty, the fire and the tempest, truth combined with mercy. But it was idle to argue with a writer who sought notoriety by exhibiting to the public a minister of the Lord in a false posi- tion. Then the " Christian." The " Christian" was an amusing creature. He skipped through the whole question with the agility of a tight rope dancer, and in a few flippant paragraphs held up Dr. Cairns to contempt. It was not easy to catch so nimble a performer, it was like chasing a ghost, and while reading his effusion he thought of the line— " Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." Like " E," "Christian" gave a new translation of certain portions of Scripture, and, like " E", he was equally wrong. The motto of his or rather God's enemies, was " Down with the Sabbath." Only let them get rid of that obnoxi- ous law, and then hurrah for liberty ! The whole decalogue was in conjunction with the Jewish law. Why single out the Fourth Com mandment? Why not the Second and Third? If the Sabbath-breaker was put to death, so was the unfilial, the murderer, and the adulterer. One writer, who affected the respectable, was indig- nant at his reading of a prophecy in the Psalms, and exclaimed, " Are we to set up the predic- tion of David in opposition to God's word That was intolerable. Did not that writer believe David to be inspired? If he did not let him say so. He had been struck with the absolute unity displayed in the 4th chapter of Hebrews. That had not been touched upon; the Argus had carefully avoided it. If the typical Sabbath of the Hebrews typified the escape of the Jews from Egypt, what did the second typical Sabbath typify ?—clearly the day of our Lord's advent. They were taught that the old world was annihilated by sin ; and they were taught to regard the advent of Christ as the dawn of a new creation, and to consider the Christian Sabbath as a commemoration of that creation. It was evident that that a preference was given to the Saviour's day of rest, and that it remained in the place of the old day. Such was the exposi- tion of Matthew Edwards. Passing on to the Argus, he had first to express his sorrow at the differences which existed in their own camp. He had to beseech his hearers to consider the ques- tion again, with a view to unanimity. If they would only study the grand masters of theology he felt sure of the result. Howard bequeathed a solemn warning that the rejection of the Fourth Commandment would entail fearful evils on the Christian world. Let the subsequent history of England attest the truth of that prediction. Calvin and Luther were too much occupied with the fierce struggle in which they were en- gaged to discuss the point. Let them refer to his- tory, for history was the teaching of example. He felt convinced that if this point of observing the Sabbath were lost, all would be lost. Sabbath desecration would grow into an universal habit. Even now they who were fighting the battle of Sabbath observance were more injured by their lukewarm adherents than by the open defiance of armed enemies. If that lukewarmness were perpetuated, it would be the ruin of the Church. He was aware that in taking notice of the infamous attacks of the gentleman who edited the Argus, he was acting, according to the opinions of many, with imprudence. A news- paper war was ever an inglorious war. Besides, it was a Christian maxim, that he who reproveth a scorner getteth himself shame. Were that scorn- ful writer alone concerned, he would have left him to the shame certain to fall upon him, but the dignity of the Church was not to be in- sulted with impunity, so long as he had a voice to raise in her defence. Of that writer he knew no- thing, and his contempt and hatred were alike matters of indifference. But for the law of God, and to save his adopted country from the promul- gation of such sentiments, he would think perse- cution an easy price. After dwelling upon the position held by an editor, the reverend gentle- man proceeded to state that the author of certain leaders in the Argus, to which he had referred, spoke of ministers of the Gospel in the spirit of a disciple of Thomas Paine, or he who had been termed the high priest of infidelity—Voltaire. Had the genius of the gentleman who wrote these articles been equal to his hatred of religion, he would have effected an amount of mischief beyond calculation. He must not, however, make assertions without proof, and would read extracts from several leaders that had recently appeared in the Argus. (The rev. lec- turer read several extracts.) Words such as those he had read were language from which his hearers would instinctively recoil as from the hiss of a snake. It was the forked tongue darting its venom at the head of truth. Mark how the assumption of the beast injured the faculty of reason. That writer adduced the state of Glasgow as an example of his theory. He drew a dog of a picture, a vile caricature of that city, and added, that Glasgow was the most Sabbath-observing and the most drunken town in Scotland. Had he proved that the Sabbatarians were the drunk- ards his argument would have been a most extraordinary exposition of a re- markable truth. But that very Sab- batarianism was the life of Glasgow, the vir- tuous leaven which prevented degeneracy. Those Sabbatarians were carrying salvation into the homes of the wretched, were elevating the drun- kard from squalor and, intemperance to tempe- rance and competency. If by some means those Sabbatarians could be transplanted from Glasgow to Australia they would benefit this country more than the discovery of the richest gold-field. What a contrast there was between that writer and his pride and the peaceful Sabbatarians of Glasgow never weary of doing good. Strange to say, Calvin was hurled at him as the heaviest thunderbolt. Strange alliance, or rather mes- alliance! As he had stated before, the great minds of Calvin's era were so engrossed that they never devoted much time to this question. His audience might remember the thirty years' war of Germany, the heroism of Gustavus Adolphus, and the gloomy talent of Wallenstein. But fearful as were the sufferings, of Germany during that war, they were nothing to that produced by a constant neglect of the observance of the Sabbath, a neg- lect which would not, he trusted, ever afflict their fair land. As for Calvin, was it honest for this writer to quote parts of him ? If their adversary would take hold of Calvin, let him do so with the grasp of a friend, not the slimy touch of a reptile. Besides, the very passage he quoted from Calvin was only a part of a clause, and the portion which Calvin put in italics at the very commencement, was omitted. There was a reason for that omission. These writers saw that Calvin was arguing against cer- tain parties. Those parties were, among others, a certain sect of pharisaical observers of the Sab- bath, but the Argus knew nothing of that, and presumed its readers were equally ignorant. Was that the doctrine of that vaunting fanatic, the Argus—for infidelity had its fanatics as well as truth. They gave an array of names in support of their argument—but such an array ! That religion could not be true, which was avowed and gloried in by all the workers of iniquity. But if names were to have might, let his opponents find names that shone bright and burning in the phalanx of truth. He appealed to Owens, who had never yet been taken up, much less refuted, Edwards, Dwight, and others, whose arguments could not be readily disposed of. But there was an authority that could not be dis- puted, that of 1035 working men of Britain, who responded to the call when requested to do so, by sending in that number of essays in favor of the Sabbath. If their Sabbath was morose, so was the love of God. The system of the Argus was a system of hideous tyranny; and in the name of God—not of John Mill—he protested against it as a lie of Satan. A Sabbathless land was a land of bondage, and a Sabbathless people a race of slaves. Dr. Cairns, during, the delivery of his address, was frequently interrupted by vehement applause, and at its conclusion a vote of thanks was carried by acclamation. 