PENOILLINOS FROM MY/PORTFOLIO. WBSTWAIID, HO I (From the Weeltiy Empire.) Tow ABD» the. setting sun 1 Thero Do a new Ophir and a new Sofala richer than the old. There the gorgeous olouds ?of sunset reflect the hues of the glittering' treasures that lie .'Iwneithitliem.' There "gold and diamonds grow," and there i-first were discovered tho§o inexhaustible riches which have ' 'raised Australia to a foremost rank among the nations, and . -attracted to her shoros adventurers from every i land. The fairy tales of Old Romance oontain nothing so marvellous as \- the realities tliot have boon witnessed in this Queen of the . Southern Sea I _ , ? " ; On towards the sotting sun ! Burna, when parted from bis "bonny Joan," sang ,1 ¿ ÎÏ'.-J Of a,'the alrts tb« wind can blow, , ' I doatly lo'o th» weat. . I think with the pool, though from a somewhat different -cause.. Light is so cheering-darkness so dreadful, that wc .lore,to keep the croat luminary in sight as long os wo can, lt ia' so pleasant to travel as it were towards him-to come ?. -.nearer him in seomint; if not in reality-to gaze earnestly -and lovingly on his face, as ho sinks in golden splendour behind the purple hills. No wonder that so many of the . ancient nationa were worshippers of the sun. The great . dispenser of light and life-the great antagonist of darknesi .'. and death ¡ no wonder that poor, nelploss, bewildered mortal! should love and adore him. "Light-more light" was ' Goethe's last prayer. " Light, moro light," is the prayer ol all of us at Borne time or another. Thereforo it is that wc ' love this glorious symbol of universal Beneficence-therefore it is that we hail his coming with joy and view his departure with sorrow. Light, more light--lot us watch theo as long as wo may, thou brightest star of heaven, for night will come, ~" wlion thou art fled-soon, too - soon 1" ' The Wost-thc \- glorious, golden, donr, romantic West. It is so cheering to " .. Journey towards tho Betting sun ( Farewell, ye dusty streets of Sydney, everlastingly tempt Mg one to become a swill tube of" shandy-g* iii" and " stone . feucei." Farewell, ye nightly feast« of oysters ¿nd bottled ' , leer, making ono feel ho knows not how ! : Farewell, thou ' ; ' wonder-working Witard, making little boys believe that they ..had swallowed their own heads, nye, and gray-hairod boys, too, that black is white, and white no oolonr at all. F«re tvoll, ye constantly-visitod temples of Thespis, not forgetting , ' the theatre in Macqnario-street, liveliest and most amusing . ' of them all-where farces are nightly acted which boat tho pantomime hollow, and "set the table in a roar." Farewell ye charming demoiselles of the green room, and yo not less charming Houris of tho nppor ?circle, that Paphian bower of pleasure and love. Farewell, W.N., luok iost, Jolliest, and not least open-handed of speculators -most energetic of business mon, noisiest . of billiard \- playors, and most unmitigated of dukera t Farewell N. N., ?omnipresent, omniscient, never wearied, up at nil hours of ' the night, Peter Fossnm celebrated N.N., contributor to every '-newapaperfromthoMorningThnndererto the Pig-under-the gote-aqneaking-two-ponny evening paper, containing more information in that cnputoîthine than twentyoitydireotories, and always ready to do a good torn to any ons needing thy assistanco-alas, too ready for tbino own sake, as thou hast experienced from the ingratitude of moustached and dashing swindlers, who have condeictnded to adorn thoir own trait ? ? Tvith a portion of thy tin i Farewell, G-, oriental-boarded, horso-fiinoying, dog-eart-enps'uing, buggy, smashing, slash . ing, crashing, dashing, devil-may-care, gonorotis G-, with an utter contempt for money, horse-ilosb, and haman limb» ; .- ? . when next I venture to bo "tooled" along by thee I shall take care to have my life insured beforehand. Farewell, M-, ' ' most' peripntotio of printers, boring, tireaomo, amusing, good-natured M- ; what though thy conversation bo sot \- not in.brcBter bat Ioni7 primer, so tba», they heart bo non pareilt With that Fiji island beard of thine, and thy stereotyped " Whnt are you going to stand,*' thou wilt not easily pass from my memory. And now last hut, far from least, farewell, Lissy- prettiest of pretty bar-maids, if pretty be not too tame an expression to convoy any idea of thy beauty. Ah Lissy, dear, delightful, ohorry-lippod, lily eomplexloned, sly, roguish, captivating Lissy, how shall I forget thee ? Foots generally praise tho eyes of their mistresses, but Lissy's most bewitching feature was her mouth, her lips so beautifully small, yot full-so delicately ehiiolled, so soft, so rosy-red that, liko Sir Lancelot, when .enamoured of Queen Gonovro, .'A man had giren all othor bliss, " And all his worldly wealth for this, To waste lils whole lifo in one kiss Upon hor perfect Up«." There,'if-that isn't a compliment I don't know what is. Her glance, too, whon hor bine eyes coquettishly beamed upon one, wont to one's very soul. That exquisite desorip foon of the " Persian Girl," in Tennyson's *¿ Reminiscences of the Arabian Nights," might havo boon Witton with equal truth of Lizzy Serano, with arpcenMIdded oyes, Amorous-and lubes like to rays ' Of darkness -and a brow of pearl, Tressed with redolent ebony, ' In many a dark, delirious curl Flowing beneath her roso-kuod zone." Yeti "new chum" though she was, tender-hearted as alio . , appeared to ho, Tizzy was too old a bird to be ca'iglat with ehafF. ' T,nvnl,y ayron, IwnuM that thy image would ..dn/wrt " from my mind," On the road at last, tearing myself reluctantly from tho ? presence of the fair tempter. If Mark Anthony lost the world for a woman, what wonder that n poor devil, who tod not a thousandth part of his interest at stake, should . nearly have lost what little ho had through tho samo means, «' Dojtruotivo, damnable, decoitlul woman"-from apple eating Eve to pumpkin- anting Folly-thou hast brought moro misfortunes upon man than all thy virtues can well atone for. Yet it is as well to moko the best of a bad bargain, and for a bit of "soft-soap" take this. If man lost Paradise through woman, it waa only that she might make alt earth a Paradise to him by her beauty, her love, her constancy, and hor truth. On the road at last, with SI-, in company as far as Homebush. M.'a horse being rather restive, and M. himself by "ño means as graceful a rider os my Lord Cardigan, sundry small boys alonp tho road amuse themselves by poking'fan ot him, Gilpin-liko, he leta go tho reins, and ,clutahes convulsively the pummel af the snddle. Horse ' ' every now and thon mikes a holt, amid the irrepressible laughter of those who witness it, ' while, to M.'s groat dis- comfiture, I chant Then lot us sing lang Uro tho king, And II-n long live ho, And whoa ho next doth tldo abroad, , JIny I bo there to loo. Arrtvod at length at Homebush, to the great relief of my Fiji Island friend, who is glad to escape for a time tho perils whiab attend ou bad lioraomanship. Hero wo part, not exactly with tears in our ovos, but with a warm good- bye- not merely letting tho tins of our fingers meet, as is tho ' custom with your, cold-blooded mortals, but with a nervous, hearty, unmistakeable shake of tho hand, I am now alone. Mot pricks his ears, and steps out gallantly. Out for this confounded hendaoho, tho result of lato hours and sundry nobblors of brandy and water, I should bo in my glory. " Wino and woman, mirth and laughter," would be twice as good things as thoy are did they not 1 necessitate tho uso of "sermons and soda-water tho day aftor." 'lhere aro many delightful spots on the road be twoen Sydney and Parramatta. Every now and thou somo picturesque residonco is passed, " bosomed high in tufted trees i" numorotts orchards and vineyards gladden tho oyo, while away to tho right tho Parramatta river may occasionally be seen, the vlow being bounded by tho pleasant hills, along tho baso of which tho river pursues its way to Sydney harbour. To mar the onlovment, whioh this scene would at other timos afford, I am troubled, as I havo alroady said,, with an in- tolerable hendaoho, whilst tho flies are as annoying as1 an Egyptian plague. Stay awhile at Parramatta, and then on for Pom itu. Past Prospect, Pleasant Creek, erowhilo resi- donco ofthat "Missa Lawson," immortalised in aboriginal song as tho " languiniry rogue who bail gib it blanket." Along tho road am struck with the number of protty . girls . I see pooping from latticed cottages. Hy heart flutters liko their pottiooats whenover I hohold thom. Ah, Lizzy, thy empire ia tottorlng now ; there aro as good iish In tile sea os ovor wore caught. Arrivo at Penrith about dark. The town, prettily situated on the Nepean, a fow miles distant from tho foot of tho III no Mountains, consists of ono long straggling street, and docs not wear an appear- ance of muoh bustle or activity. After refreshing tho timor man I tako n moonlight stroll through the town. Tho sand in tho street« hoing ando deep, walking coascs to bo a ploasttre, so I return to " mine inn," thou, as old Pepys would say, " to lied nml to sloop''-oh. no, not to sloop to dream of beauty and bliss-alas I that it should he only a dream I I am 1 upped in Elysian slumbers-I am dreaming of Lizzy, and Lizzy is kind. Suddenly I awake witlt a confused ? . feeling that my fair one is lost to ino- that somo rival has .. . stolen har away. I hear a knocking at my ohamhor door, rt-.. -1 inquire " Who's there I" when the volco ot' tho waiter re- plies, "It's' me, slr¡ your, horse is griped I" The darli gripe him | horo's a pretty fix. I throw on my clothes, und , f[0 down to tho stable. Thora Hes Pilot, lolling and gronn ng in agony. Ho seems in tho last stago of his mortal career, and I mentally pray that, if ho dios, tho devil may go along with him, so that if I los* a friend I may also'loso n foe. A dose of gin and popper, administered by tho groom, and an 110111*8 trotting np and down tho ynrd.'hring tho horse all right again, and a second timo I rotiro to bed, but riot to sloop, I Ho nwnko all night ruminating upon what ls bost to bo dono under present dlllloitltlcs. la the morn- ing I find that Mot is not sufllolontly recovered to proceed on tho Journey, for, in addition to tho wcaknoss resulting from the griping, his back has boen vory mnoh wrung by the saddle, Ob, Mot, thou wort not the Pilot That ' weathered tho storm. And you, yo Sydney horso-donlors, may "all tho plagues ol'Syoorar, toads, beetles, hats, light .on'yofl." Hay je i never buy . horse that ii not sprained andwlndgalled, itringhalted and broken-winded j m ba blind in 'one eye, and not be able to see out of the other i and, when he " kloki the huoket,'1 may he be unfit even for dog's-meat. I determino to return to Sydney, and vow to be hereafter os superstitious aa a sailor. Rendered almost frnntio with n_ liendaoho, having my eyes nearly eaten out by titos, losing my watch, and now, as a climax, having my horse break down with mo, surely these are suificiant misfortunes for a singlo day. And all this oomos -of starting on a Friday ! With some trouble I induce Pilot to carry mo as far as Parramatta. There I take the train for Sydney, which I riaoh by half-post twelve. In a few minutes more I am in tho prosenoe of Lizzy, and, in spite of all mv resolutions and all ray philosophy, am again canght in the snares of the fowler. Eheu ! Eheu ¡ Whon shall wo grow wise and become ndifferent to a painted piece of clay T Not, I am af aid, till' the heart nos grown old and the brown looks have assumed a silvery hus. To tho South head on Sunday afternoon-a jolly oompany of us. Our buggy is drawn by a gallant little Arab, whose " pius" give unmistakeable evidenoe of the severity of the work which he has gone through in his day. On our inqui- ring if he is not likely to fall lame, groom replies," No fear, sir, he is BO bad on all his logs, that one balances the other, and he don't seem to go lame at all," a remark which evi- dently contd not fail to satisfy the most sceptical os to Tippo's abilities. Away we go, considerably improved in our knowledge of equine locomotion. "Low on tho sand and loud on the stone" the various vehicles of the numerous Îileasare seekers dash along. The drive to South-head is a ovely one, we should say the finest around Sydney, the road tho whole way being lined with the stately residences and dolightful gardens of those who are esteemed the magnates of the land. The country seat, in particular, of Sir Daniel Cooper, at Bose Bay, is a beautiful spot, bnt it will be cast into the Bhode by the princely mansion, which he is now building in a more favourably situated part of tho bay. At Bose Bay is an old aboriginal, the last of his tribe. He is ? completely paralysed and sits by the roadsido all day, creep ¡mr at night into a miserable gunyah s short distance from the road. What s ohnnge from tue time whon, monaroh of all be surveyed, he whistled book the parrots call, or chased tho flying kangaroo through the dusky glade I Now tribeless and friendless, one of the few miserable survivors of a miserable and fast decaying race, he drags out a weary ex- istence not half so well treated as the pampered dog of the rich man who enjoys the domains that belonged to his fathers. Wo stood on tho cliff at the South Head, from which the unfortunate Mr. Broughton slipped into tho yawning sea. His name, together with tho date and circumstances of his death, ara osrved on the rooks at the spot from which he fell. A little;far thor north is tho cliff which boars so melancholy an interest, as being that whereon the Dunbar was dashed into a thousand pieces. Standing on the brink' of the lofty ' perpendicular rocks I gazed shudderingly on tho Ocean gently laving their base. Ah, what a contrast between tho smooth surface of that " summer sea," luring us with its treacherous beauty, and that raging remorseless " hell of waters," the hissing billows of whioh, In their eagerness to clutch their prey, leaped to the very tops of these tall oliffs on that fearful night when the Dunbar and her living crew were hurled into eternity ! Another misfortune. Tho renowned G-, in nttemptinct to turn thejbugsry, startles the pony, who endeavours to mo' e a bolt of it. G. sticks to him like a brick, baggy is cap- sized, the foro and hind wheels aro divoroed, pony, attempts to get off with fore-pnrt of buggy, but, niter a gallant »trug, gl«, is brought to tho ground ny G., who holds on to him like grim death. Fortunately little injury is done to the vehicle, so, after repairing the damage, we start on our return and At night to St. Barnabas' Episcopalian Churoh, Glebe, to hear the Rev, Mr. Smith, tho Spurgeon of Australia. We arrive just after tho sermon bas commenced. The churoh, a commodious ono, is crowded in every part, and we are obliged to stand near the door. The preacher, a full-faced florid complexioned man, has a cheerful good-humoured counte- nance-has not much of the " white choker" about him, for which I like him all the botter. His voice, full and sonorous, easily fills tho building. His language, generally appro into rant. This, however, I . believe is - the result not of affectation but of ovei flowing zealousness. His Btyle is strikingly familiar-Just snob as is calculated to arrest the attention of those who form the majority of his congregation. One or two specimens of it I noted down. Speaking of tho purified sinner, he said that the Holy Ghost had "whitewashed him." Most people, ho said, nover thought of looking at tho Bible, unless when they wanted to satisfy^themselves os to the date of some particular oc- currence in tho family, as, for instance,'when James was born, or when Maria or Emily was married. Many of his. allusions were evidently pointed at individuals in the con- gregation, and this, our impression at the time, wo after- wards learned to be correct Once ' the oap seemed to fit ourselves so well that we could not choose but wear it Many, he said, tired with their walk, came into the house of prayer, not to listen to the preiober, bat to rest them- selves for an hoar, and seo whatwas going on. His popu-' larity, both as a preacher _ ana as a pri- ant» individual, is increasing every day. Persons of all persuasions flock to hear him-a cir. oumstance whioh has oroused the jealousy of some of tho clergymen of rival scots. All tho seats in his ohtireh are freo, and, as a mark of the esteem in whioh ho is held, It need only be mentioned thnt the churoh itself was entirely built and furnished by voluntary contributions. Who will deny the efficacy of 'the voluntary system ' ofter this? Hod an interview with tbs prcachor after okurch waa over. Frank, modest, and good-humoured, one cannot help liking and esteeming; him, and, if there were only a few more clergymen of his Btamp in tho Churoh of England, the sdheron's of that church would be more numerous, and far moro zealous than they are at present. at times do generates Another start from Sydney« and Uni time a successful ono. By train to Parramatta, where I take the mail. My travelling companions are, two Germans, bound for Mudgee, ono of thom a " new chum," a tradesman from Carcoar, a Lachlan squatter, a smart servant girl, and a yonngl ody dressed in black, who preserves an unbroken taoitumitv. The coach by which we travel is facetiously called the "Dart" — a "slow coach" and no mistake. Penrith is reached about six p.m. Here, while the coach and horses are being changed, we take tea — a very essential operation previous to undergoing the long and tiresome journey over the Blue Mountains. A drive of about a mile brings us to the "Lippeen," as Paddy generally calls the Nepean. Having crossed the river we rattle over Emu Plains to the foot of the Blue Mountains. Up Lapstone Hill we are obliged to walk, and this gives a good opportunity of leisurely surveying the beauties of the surrounding country. On our right is a deep ravine, down which many years ago a dray and six horses were precipitated into "eternal smash." The road on this side is now fenced to prevent a recurrence of such accidents. There is a wild beauty about Lapstone which, after the monotonous scenery of the country between Parramatta and Penrith, is delightful. In the valleys the mimosa, richer in foliage than elsewhere, gives variety to the otherwise sombre character of the forest, while, on the mountain tops, the great lily lifts its majestic head, crowned with a crimson coronal. Once more on the Blue Mountains. What old and sweet recollections come crowding on my memory as I stand again on Lapstone Hill ? Eight years ago, in the heyday of youth, full of hope, and fired by lofty aspirations, I stood on this self-same hill, with a gay and gallant company of diggers homeward bound. Trolling the merry catch, breaking the merry jest, how swiftly sped the winged hours ! Where are they now, those boon com- panions ? All are scattered now and fled, Some are married — some are dead. And when I ask with throbs of pain, "Ah when shall they all meet again ?" As in the days long since gone by, The ancient time-piece makes reply — "For ever - never. Never — for ever." And that fervour of youth, too, where is it ? Where now those lofty aspirations, that "affluence of love and time" which made earth seem a Paradise ? "All — all are gone — the glory and the dream." (To be continued.) 