" illNUTR. " Tho Colonial Saorelary.t* ame isa very tiuoxpoolod »nd extraordinary prooeodlngon tho part oftho Customs' officers of Vlotörla. Th» aoiíuro »a* M?. L_ ? » '"° toa wa« hiing oonveyod by steamer. on tho ¿uurnoy, from ono part of tho odlony to another. « I am hot aw,rc, of ony oUtnor|ly for tnU tntorforonoo with tho Roo navlgo in 5i .thal H.vor> moro oapoolally as bjr tho Imporlal Aot 18 and ii Vi°iLcnP;fi4-:11 ooaotod, f that tho wholo.water oottrao of inp Hirer Murray, from ita aouroo lo th« oastarn boundary of tho «olony of Booth Australia, ls, and ahull bo, within tba territory of now Routh Wales. . , -.;.T1,,?-',,.ln".1n",-,on'haa cither ¡ paid'd'uty af aóulhurn on «oeua.ng.tiio Murray, intorma ortho lntoroolonlul trnaty, or (t «oldhged to and hod paid duly in Now South Wales,'and SB the .goods woro «it traimttu and «ot in tho territory of Victoria, were certainly, dat Ulaulè lo soliuro or ovon dotontlnu by the Customs' fi» îT oftbat oolony.. Even if tho goods ha given ap, aa In. tlrottod in Mr. Tylor's lottor, on olear proof being adduood, that .«75"T° trom Now South Wales, tho assertion of tills ololm to - right of snaroh -over all our natarborno goods on that river, ra nos j question of 'tho' greatest imporlanao lo tho interests or thia calool, ahd oh wl.luh wo ought lo olalm the earliest explano. «lon from rh« Geverninnnf of Victoria. This proooedlng, h»l»ojer, ''dlsolosha tho. ?, foot. that« tho /«mllor ii,, ' loto"n '". most Jealously guarded against any lofclagBiaent ortho OUstoras* Laws, whilst, ot tho same time, any «tompt on tho part or this oolony to proteot loa similar manner ile rovonite, whloh I» so seriously aufforlng frora the un. prot3i,°P operations of that colony, U mot by ibo . strongest "lit Sonlomlior, 18(10," E, CW. w. il" fo'!0.wo'l » stthBoqiiont letlor from Captain Cadoll to Mr. d,"""1 L0,h. Soplombor, 18(10, giving information of fc^r0''-.",°,",'ir<' hy Um Vlotorlan polloe.from tho steamer Wa- ll,? th^Uut""ll Tbo Wakool took, together with gooda from rï"J,i,J,y,,lho m»n'fo.at of that aloamer. Tho vessel waa bound mm Wentworth to the Murrumbidgee t arid in taking a cargo anñn n *.Wor ?*oU'»l'»ly V"1.0""""" to Now 8o«tb Wales, to tSl. r.t .Í1,1,0 ox.oluslvoly belonging tn tho same oolony, had jo Pa,o thoMilrray, hllbertn considerad a« common ta both onlo. .«es, and. thora was seliad and deprived of har cargo hy tho Vio. n If n5llo,°' 0n ,.hn ,!Uu September, Captain Cadell wroto again io Air. WookoB, Informing biro that Mr. Pyke-, the Alslbpgroo Comml'ilonrr of Trado and Customs',«Uli retaining tho " right ot search," bod promised far ibe masoni that lt would be bold In abey ance.. On the 18th Septombor, and anthe ii'th. lenore were written by the Colonial Sooretory or New South Walea, to tba Ohlaf Beorolary of Victoria, reciting the forementloned foote The next lotter ia from tho Ohler Soorotary of Viotorla to tba Colonial Soorotary of Noir South Waloo, dated S7tb Soptombor, ISftO, enclosing an order Inned nu tba l.ltb Instant, which wa* expected to prevent tbe recurrence of dltuaDltlos of a like nature; and a lottor from tho Ooramiielooer of Trade aod Customs, Mr. Vincent ryko, explaining the oourso he had pur. sued ia tba matter. The "order" directs that, lu fularo, the right of searoh should only he oxorolsod when goods ara landed on the Victorian sido, and that no vassals coming down tho rlvor am to bo interfered with. In ronlv tb some Inaudible romsrks from Mr. Plunkett, Kr. WEEKES said that tho rjuuellon at issuo was tba oollpoticn of Customs Dallas on tho river Murray. Mr. PLUNKETT: Boforo tho Government had aroatod any exaitetnent by layingtbis mailor beforo the House, tho negotia- tions between tba Governments af tills oolony aud Viotorla, ouxht to btivs been brought to a close. Tho oourso taken by this Government wits just calculated ta fan tho llama of discontent to excite a collision botwoon tho two colonies.' Ho wonld suggest to tba Colonial Troasuror that ho oonalder welt tho oourso ho was taking, as being ona likely to genorato had fooling balwooa the two colonies. Mr. WEEKES said that the matter ho had submittod to the House had, in point of foot, bean olnsed. The Oovornmont had rooalved an explanation from tho Violarían Oovornmont ; and pointed out that tho oourso taken wea an illegal ona. It nppoared th ul with enms qualifications tboy Intended not to pur»uo that oouiso again-except ns to soarohlng g'ods landed on the Vio torian side of the rlvor. But still thia difficulty had orison on ono of our rlvors. and tho Oovornmont thought it was iholr duty to lay tho matter before Parllament'as early aa possible. Il was a prnooeding thal took this Oovornmont by surprise. Dr. UNG Iheught tho Government were quito Instilled in taking the oourso thoy had taken. If it woro only for tho purpose or bringing about some dooldod oourso of notion with roforenno to tho present uiiBsttsfaolory state or things on Ibo Murrey. A vessel prnooeding on our own water, from one part of tho colony to another, hod been seized by the sgont of another Government. It,w** "istod tho Oonelltution Act that tho wholo of tho waters of the M urray were to bo oonslderad part and porool or tho torrl. torv of New South Walks. . The dnonmonts wore ordernd to bo printed. ESTABLISHMENT OF A COUIIT AT SOFALA, ï? Tfilï^î,î,!l"a"lon trom Blr- DENIEHY, Mr. ROBERTSON oalil be abould hsvo been prepared some months, when tbo honorable gentleman representing th» Western Oold-flolds (Kr. Wisdom) bod brought undor notice ibe necessity or establishing a onun.house at Sofala, to havo answorod thle question,but that the Qavernraont, with every riosiro to corry out tbo wish or tho poople of Sofala, had rehired tho mailor to tho local judgo, who had raised oortaln diffionltles. Hs (Mr.. Robert- son) bowoverhud no doubt whatever that it would oud in tho' ooort hoing oatabllsiiod at Sofala. He was of opinion that Sofala' was a plaoo which ought to huvo a eourt. and ho had nn rim,!,!. 1 whatever it would bo BO. RAILWAY CONTRACT. Mr. TERRY asked tho Soorotary for Publia" Works-"I. Whe- ther tba Oovornmont have takon nny steps, or made any arrange- ments, for Bottling tho matters In dispute with the agonts of Messrs. Polo and Co., on wbloh ovlilonoo was given In the rail- way inquiry last session. In onnnaollon. with tho contrnotn no* hoing ourrfod on by that firm? 3 What «Pent are the Oovrrn mont now dooling with. Mr. Wiloox or Mr. Spiller? II. Does Mr. 3plller's powor of attorney ovor.rldo the power of .attorney hold by Mr. Willoax ? 4, Doo« vir. Spiller oaaupy tho position of ongluoeroragont to tbe , arm of Psto and Co., or that of ac- countant?" Mr ARNOLD said (hat «orno steps had been taken with regard to settling tho mallar in dlsputue, but he did not think bo should be ready to stato what thoso stops woro, hooauso tho matter was still unsettlod, and because ho might almost say, thal nothing had hoon done with regard to all tho mattera. 8omo concession* hod hoon made lo tho new oontraotora. Many of tho things in dispute wero as yet unaottlod. With regard to tho socond ques- tion, ho might stato that tho Oovarument wore now dealing with Mr. Wiloox, as tho attorney for Slr Morton Polo and Coinpanv. An to Mr. Spiller, ho (Mr. Arnold) knew nothing about him. nor did tho Oovornmont know what position ho hold. Tho Oovorn- mont knew nothing about Mr. Spiller. PUBLIC ACCOUNTS. Mr PIDDINGTON sskod the Colonial Treasurer-" When tho return tn an address passed on 23rd May, IBU't, for an account nf tho reoolpts Hurl disbursements of tho Consolidated Rovonue Fund for IHflU, will bo laid upon tho table of this Houso?" Mr WEEKES ropltcd to tho question by laying tho roturn on the labia. BORDER CUSTOMS' OFFICERS. . . Mr. ASHER asked Ula Colonial Treasurer-" 1. What dulles hevn been performed, and what dulles are being now performed, by tho Custom Houso officers, at Albury and Moami ? 3. For what purposooro thoso ofiloers paid 7 3, Ta it the intontion of tho Oovornmont to rotaln those oflloors In their prosont, occupa- tions?" Mr. WEEKES said that tho datios now being norfnrmml by Ihn Cnstom Houso Officers st Albury and Moami were the onllootion of statistics rotative lo the amount ofdutlahle goods crossing tho Rlvor Murray from Victoria Into this colony. ' lt was a very Im- portant business, and one that would materially assist the Oovernmeot in ony orrangamont modo with the neighbouring oolony, as lt would alford soma ground to work upon. Tho second question was anawored by tho first. As lo tho third question ho might stato that it was not tho intontion cf tho Oovornmont to remove thooo officers. I POLICE ESCORT PAY. Mr. ASHER askod tho Colonial Treasurer-" Why thopollao at Albury and Gundagai hare not boen puld tho extra halforown a day, for escort duty, aa voted to thom by thia House ?" . Mr. WEEKES said the amount votort was not half a orown a day extra pav for eaoort duty to the polloo at Albury: bot 2s. nd a day for rations when absent from their station on esoort dut», which allowance would be paid when olalmod.and anpportod by proper vouchers. THE GOVERNMENT LAND BILLS. Mr ARNOLD prosonted np-tltlon from 310 poroons residing st Kiama and Gerringong, praying that tho Govornmont Land Bills may ba passed into law. . Tho petition was ordered tn be printed. CROWN LANDS ALIENATION BILL OF ISO". On tho order or the day for the resumption of tho adjourned debato, on ibo motion for tho second roading of the Crown Lands Aliénation Hill of ison, being read. Mr. £0 AN said : He folt it duo to himself to state that his nh. jool In moving tho adjournment of tba (lobato on the previous night, was not for the pnrpuse of stifling discussion ; it arose solely in oonseqnenoo of his great deslrn to see this important question ssltlod. (Hear, hoar.) The settlement of tho land ques- tion was of tho groaloet importanoo to the country. He had talton some Unuhlo in looking into the provisions of . this Bill, snd behoved that lt was ono that would meet tho views or a large majority ot tho nouse, (Hear.) It bad boon Bald, and with ovory ; show or roaaon, that the second reading would be pnasod without opposition. An honorablo member had askod in the oourse of tho dábate whothor tho Government wero nreparod to etand or fall by tho Bill ; now, it seomod to him that tho honorablo mern, nor alluded to thought, that lr-ho could only extract a promise from the Government that thoy would da so, he would ondeavnnr totnrn tho Govornmont out on tho seoond roading, and If he failed then, he would ronew his attompt in commilteo. Ho (*Mr Egan) regretted that tho honorable member had adopted suoh a course. (Hesr, hoar.) With roferrenoo to the Bill itself, it appourod to him (Mr. Egan) that tho second, third, and foarh oiausea wore nooosssry for carrying out tba subsequent provl. slons. The sixth elauso was one of some Importanoo. whilst ho was proparod to annoodo lo the masses the right or rroe selec- tion, it soomed to him that thia clause contained a roatrlotion, not al all dcslrablo. It Ibo masses of the people woro allowed to go and solootland at £\ per acre, surely tho squattor ought also lo enjoy the samo privlloge. Under this provision the land was aol lo be less than £1 por aoro to Ibo squattor-thia appoarod to be aomowhat atrango. Why was not tho samo privllego extended to the squatter as to other parsons. Whstevor privllaaas were extended to one olass.ho was quita propared to extend tn another? (Hear, hear). Many squatters hud never availed tbemae'ves or thia pro-empilvo right-booause it eometimns oocurrod that out or «10 acres, there might not bo 3.0 worth solectlng. Ho thought the squatter ought to onjoy tba right ot seleoting at Xl par acre. Tho 8th and Oth atsuaoa wero nooosssry to the Aol, and tho ll tb also. Tho 13th woo not of very great Importanoo, hut bo did not like tho oxprosslon " overy land offico day," bocausa he thought land offlce days aught to be overy day in tho week. Tho IHlh was tho malu elauso of tho Bill, containing the conditions of re. sldencu, and tho modo of paving tho purchase money. Uo did not ugree with all that, hut he thought great caro and pains lind been taken in drawing up Ibo Bill, and it could bo gatlsfaotorlly amoudod lu'onmttilltoo. He thought they should be allowed to pay the purchase money any timo during tho live, yoars, sad only tho interest durng the flvo yours Some thought na ano should bo allowad tn aoquire pnssoaatau of land unless ha was proparod to pay for it. Suoh persona know nothing of tho agricultural rltslricta. If pooplo spout all tholr monoy Ia purchasing the land, they would havo nona loft for making Improvements If they onntinuod lo dornend full payment in advnnoe tho pooplo would romtln tenants, paying lu some instances, a« ho was aworu, as muoh as £10 an aaro par tinnnm for their land, (Hear,'hoar.) Nearly all tba small settlors ia tho aonntry woro tenants of largolundownera (Hoar, hear.) That stain of things was not at all a ^oslrabla ons, ..(Hear, hoar.). The aoonerthay had homes of their own thobottor. (Hoar,hear.) Ho know of a poor man who had bought land whero another bad obtained it bv pre-emptive right, and tho poor man had bad ta pay as muoh aa ¿M an sore for it. At the lend salas Ute land was run up to an exorbitant prioo by spooulators, and tho 10. por oont. deposit was forfeited Afterwards, tbs asme land was tatton np at XI anao.ro. He waa gla-l, therefore, to find that tho lilli pro Sosod to raise tho doposlt from 10 to !» per oont. (Ileor, hear.) pooulatora thou would not ha so ready to run tho land up at auction. He approved very highly thon of that faatura of tho Dill, but ho thought tho Hill altogether did not onntaln noarly so muoh as ibo spoooh. of tho honorable tho Premlor. Tho quos tl tn, however, was not a party question, and ho hoped honorable members would not regard lt in that light; or oaro who was In tba Oovornmont, or who brought the Hill forward, It was boforo tho Hausa, and ha trusted lt would be sa dealt with, as to meat tho roqulromonts nf the country. All that be wautod was to pass the lilli as speedily as posslblo,'and'if any honorablo mombora oodenvoured te placo obstructions in tho way,ho would try to prevent lt. He regrettod that tho nuostlou had not benn dis-, oussotl as it ought to bo. Houorahlo mombers saomed to be walting to attack tho speeches of others. 'It appoared ti bo a war of one Oovornmantagainst another He would delay tho Hottae no longer,as no doubt, ruuih limo, would bo. «pent over the HUI. in committee There was a strong desire ou all sides that tba Bill should pass that session, Ho hopod, thoy would all try to maka, ita porfoot measuro,|and show tho country thoy woro In .earnest. ' Mr. JOHN 'CAMPBELL-asid ho had no dlroot porsonat interest In ogrloulturo,' and . only a partial ono In pastoral pursuits: but ho look a deep internet in tho prosperity nf tho whole oaurilry., Ho.would bo nirry to seo tho Olli pass unless lt would meöt the views ot all partios. Ho thought tho giving away of land for agricultural purposas bad from tho beginning Tho Oovornmont ssnt home, for free Bottlers, and whon they nrrivod tbe, worst parts of the laud waa given to them-such as that | between Parramatta' and Windsor. Tho thlrly-ooro farms of Oovornor Macollarlo woro an improvomanU In 1820, when free immigration began to'be extensively encouraged, Instead of dividing the Uno rllnvlal flats among the pooplo, sections woro SWon to persons who sold ont at ls. Od. or 2s. an aero, and scamped tv th tho money' to England, * Thoroforo, ho thought tho alluvial Cuts ought to havo* beon thrown open to tho pooplo without paymont. Iii.lHSKI. that part of the county of Camden, known as tho Oaks,had boan reserved f ramall sattlors, but it hld hoon sold In a lump tn Mr. Maaloay, Tho esma kind of thing oooitrrad at Queen Cburlotto'o Vale, near Bathurst. (No) With regard to doforred payment«, ho thought lt would aa boltor to giro tho laud away. Tho ayatatu of daforrod payraants gave too muoh powor to the Oovornmont. But altogether, ho looked upon tho Bill as an Improvement, especially that alausa which required the pnymont of a deposit of ra par dont, on purabasos atatioUou, Tho honorablo member for'Eden, though, was mistskau in saying that land willoh had boon ran up at a salo oould bs ador wards obtained for £1 on eora) lt oould only be had fur the price nt which it was knocked down, loss tho deposit. Much of ibo land in the country was not .worth noarly Jtt an eora Ho himself had laud on tho Uopor Williams, belonging to a golilla man In England, for which ha could not obtain 4s, an aora, As a merchant, ho hail an Into.oat In tho growing of wool, without willoh ho could not poy fur tho coat on hts hack t sud ho thought ? tho squatters ought to Un treated with aonsldarallon. Agricul- ture also deserved lt, Ho would support tho second reading of tba Hill and audaavour to improve it io committee Mr BLACK waa not Inclined tn gainsay much of what had lallen from tho provlnuo speaker, and ho bolioved if it ware embodlad in a lilli lt would muoh hotter dosorvo tho oharaator of a Uber I meaaura than tho Bill that had omanatod from tholr so collad liberal Oovornmont. He waa oomiooted neither with agriculture nor squatting. Ha had never hold, and did not now hold afoot of land In tb« country i thoroforo, he was in n position to deal impartially with the quoatlon. He was thankful that ho oould have no porsooal blas. Ho thought, after tbe very long speech of tba honorablo th« Minister for Land«, ft would hive linen well to adjourn the debate on Thursday evening; but the Governmentworo inclined tn prose tba motter.boplng, perhaps, to oerry the motion by a maro coup 4'elat. If they had dona ao nothing but dlaiatlafaotlon could bava ensued. The honorable gentleman seemod to interpret tho lull that followed hia addrnaa, aa a alga ot univorsal approbation, and called upon one attar anothor to ontor tho Hat« with him, daring them tojoay a word. But be thought the air of doflonon ibo honorable tho Secretary for Landa exhibited had roaoilod on hlmaelf, and that the moat unexperienced apeotatora of the prooeodlnga moat have been deeply impresnod with the air of vanity and onnaeit nf tho honor- able gentleman. After having callad on overy ono of the com- batants, no doubt he folt he was porfeotly safe, and that bo bad shut the mouths of all the world, and, asa mesns of enforcing alienee, he had told tho House, as an additional reason f jr avoid- ing tba oontlict te wbioh ho had so vaingloriously challenged, that if thoy dared to throw out tho Bills ho would go out of omeo, and lhal ho should feel it his duty to haunt that Chamber Uko a ghnst-that ho would «ive no root to tho soles of his foot until ho had disoomfitled his oppononts,-that hie ghost would haunt the Cbsmbor, and, no doubt, they would dud It with a valorous breast plato, and thn words traood upon it by a magic wand: ',' Kevonge for tho death of roy Bills.", (Laughter.) They woro not to ho afraid of tho honorablo gentleman's bodily appoaranoe In tho Huuso. nor of his ghostly nppooranoe in the event of his Bills bnlnir thrown out. But tho question was too impertsnt to waste inuoli timo in such romarke as tho therefore, proceed with his views on tho quostlon at onoe, and as briefly ss possible. It had been said that theae lillis would go to a saonnd reading, and he naid aa himself. Although he might oonsldor that thoy oontainod msny dofeotB, ho Bhould foe) it his duty to voto for the sooond reading. Ho thought it right tn »toto that his voting for tho second reading was not to ho reaarilod nu implying his approbation of even tba groatnrpart of Ibo Hills under consideration. (Ohl Obit Ha know that it, waa eomowhat extraordinary for any member who was opposed to the groator part of o hill to voto for the sooond roadlng ; to do that wa« generally aonsiderod to imply ea approval of tho! Brouter part, batlho extraordinary olronmstanoos of tho country justified many unusual acts. Ho felt that the House wasplaaod1 in an extraordinary position; groat delays had ooourred in the aettlomont of this question, and now thev had a lilli plaood on tho tabla, which, if lt paasod the sooond reading, might he rondored in oommittoe aooontahlo to the majority of tba a< untry. Ho waa notdlspoaod to forgot tho opportunity tho sooond reading would give him of hringlng to an end thia long agitatod question. Ho felt tliat under the olroumstanoes although thorn was muob in the Ulli ho oondomnad, as he hoped to Bhuw, ho felt that ho was porfeotly jnatlflod in taking this oourse. And that the Government woro equally vlnoere and desirous as himself and others, nf setting this question fairly and finally tn set Hat rest, would ba shown, bo bnlioved in committee, and should the Bills f-on bo mater I ally altered, so alto* od us to boar very little resemblance to tho originals, tho Govornmont na doubt, would fool that they woro also called upon to deviate from the usual Parliament*-y anuru*, and to aoooiit tho lilt1«, oven If ihov should be hardly able to call it their mm. Ho believed that thia DUI, if it ovor wont Into oommlttoo.end ho hnpedilmlght.be bolioved that lt wnuhl be fo in I HO greatly sltorotl thutlt'10 Govornmont which had brought in tho measure would, aoootding to.the usual ooaree of proolieo.be justified in dropping)!, oe a measure they could no longer acknowledge. But ho felt that the olrouraetanooa wore very extraordinary, .md lhat an bo would bo justified in voting for the second roudlup; so bo trusted tho Govern ni ont Would also feel it tbolr duty tc depart, tn sams oxlont, from tho usual praotlco. oven if they could not take much credit to themselves for having glvon to tho colony a now system nf land administration. It must ho oonfoasod. Ix would be a moat unfnnaonablo oxpootation on the Cart of this Government,.or indeed of any other, that they should o able to frame such a rnèasuro, UB .would he, in all respects, oo coptablo to the majority nf tho Assembly. He thought euch ex- pectations porfeotlv hopoloeB, and, therefore, . he was the moro inollnod to tho opinion that tho Govern- ment should adopt this .Bill, avon If, after all its stages, they sbnnld not lie able tn olaim it ss their own. No Govornment oould'eubmlt n Hill of Ibis kind that would not have tn undergo vary great alterations. Of all the Land Bills presented to tho As- sembly, thora wara none so much in neod of alterations. In nood of tho pruning knlfo'- of tho «nw, as tho Bill willoh tho honor- able tho Soorotory for Lnods lind brought lu. Ho .would not offer that rgontleman tho insultof doubting that ho. believed in tho principios ho had embodied : but he believed those prinoiplos wero a delusion-a hallucination. ; Tho mora foot of hie having hsld a ooitain set of opinions on this question for tho Inst ÍW years, or evon If lt woro ño yoare wns, of itself, conclusive and satisfactory proof that those nplnlonB were consistent and slncoro. However lid thought them 'satisfactory only thus far, and Hlthoiiuh tho hounrablo gnntlnmsn was consistent, his belief In those views had so entirely shut his eyes to all others, that ho had allowod no light to radiata in bis mind to show him those prinoiplos ware not altogether perfeot The groat distinguishing doctrino of the honorable tho Soorelerv for Lands," free selection," although it did not ooour In words in ibo DUI, yat lt appoarod to bn a kind of embodiment of the prlnolple. AB ho understood the Bill, there was nothing like froe selection In it, but lhere was a Bomethlng which, ho thought, it would not bo going too far to tarro insane selection, but' there was no froo selection. CMr. HonBRTsnx: Without survey.] According to tho provision e of thia Bill sny person who came to this country would be told that ho might got land without survey, if be liked-In any direction within tho boundaries oT tho colony. Ile would ne told," go whoro you like, eoleot where you Uko, but we will toko cara that you will have to give very good guarantees, as geod as wa oan possibly exact : and you shall Improve tho land, and pay Into our Treasury 15s an sore, at tho ond of three or five ypnrs." Thero wore Humorous other stringent conditions Imposed, until Ilia period of bondagohad oxnlrod. He felt that thia Ali'nation Bbl, with all with it« pretensions to honesty, was In roallty : not en- titled tn anything of Ihii kind. A great many theories had boen broaohedou the administration of thepubllo lands ; and he bsd broached some, and perhaps ho might ho allowod to refer to thom without being charged with egotism. Tbe honorablo gontleman who introduced lue Bill before thom,, had takon on himaolf to some extent tho dalles of historian of tho various Govern- ments or tba country willoh had ondoavourod to settle tho land question, ir that gentleman had only roflootod that in the cha- racter of historian ito would have aeon it was required tobe faith- ful, if he wished alargo number of roadors lu that history tho honorante gontleitian lind forgotten lo nlludn tn n lilli whian ha i (Mr. Black) and tho Ministry with which ha lind thnhnnonr tn he o nnootod, hronght in. (Mr. ItonniiTsoN: "I did") Perhaps the honorable membnr could not liuvn atludod to it In tonne ihat oould have beorj gratifying to himself, end nt the esme time just to thoso who were connected with lt. Tho honorable gontlomsn hud, on various ooooBlons, oxprossed his opinion of that Bill In terms that did not render lt naoessary far him to say muoh about it now. In that Blll.it waa proposed tn do' somathing of tho kind be .had afton thought should be done'in roforence ta tho disposing of tho loads of this oountry. Ho quilo agreed with the honorahlo Miniator nf Lands, that tho faulty-administration of tho lands of this.oodntry hid ? greatly imnariod its colonisation, and that it was nooossary io givo the benefits nf fn-o seloolinn to tho great body of tba pooplo. Ill a matter of toot kind tboy should look Ut tho précédents on tho subject. Ono would naturally look at those oountriss which had to deal with extensive districts of watte lands, and, pre, emlnontly thoy should look at that part of tho New World, where colonisation had boan osrrlod on on a most glganlio soalo-tho Unitod . States of America. It was URUbjaat nf inquiry whether that oountry would not snpply them with any Infor allen likely to guido thom In a solution of the quostlon. Imho United States, tboy all know that In & oompara tlvely short period,tho population bad risen to botweon 311,00 '.non into 40,000,000, and that was la no small dogreo owing to tbolr land system. Abeller exemple than that, lia beloved, they oould not óblala or follow, with somo fow modifications. In tho Bill brought ia by tho Government, with whloh ho wan con. nooted,hn endeavoured so far as he oould to ombody tho pro- visions nf that system. All tho Dills laid on the tab'o by the honorable gentleman hBd professed to Imitate to n great extent ihe policy of tho Unitod 8tntea in Amorlca. It was woll known ona of tho msln provisions ofthat policy was the survey system. 'CTho honorable tho' epoaker then pointed out sovoral dlfforenoos bo twoen tho Bill bofcro thom and tho Amerlonn system, and al- lowod that tho clroiimstanoa ' of America having much unoccu- pied land, wiitin this colony bad squattago rune in all paria,: and? rendered a different system, in some rosnoots. nooossary. Ho; slid tr they hod an honest Government thov should have, at «ll tlmea üoO.urit) ao ol undor surrey. C\1T. rtoOBlusit» : " We h ny o half a million now." j And they should h ovo th »ir surveys In blocks, say of SIKH) sores, and part of which a sohier mUhl take up, and hovea freo uso rif tho surrounding giana, until the whole settlement was taken up; and such snttloments should bo authorised to make suah regu- lations as thoy might think oxpodlent for the freo and Impar- tial uso of the grass, Tho honorahlo gentleman then said thora had boen much mlsreprosontatlou - wlttr , regard to tito American land system, and ho prooeodotl to gtvo the opinion of Professor Bowen or what It wan. The land was aarefally divi- ded intn hloekn br six miles siinsro, willoh blooks wore sub- divided lalo thirty-six saotions nf 1141 acres eaoh. Th'iso lands worn sold at tho minimum prioe of 1 dollar So oents aneore, or (hoenlooflt might lief by publlo auction. Ona ovil of tho system was admitted, namely, tho practica nf apaoulators. who some I limos bought up. largo blocks and left thom nnonltlvatad, trust ins tout tba improvements of their neighbours would onbanoo tho value of their own laud, But lt waa not tho lnteroat of speculators to rotaln tho land for a long timo. Belying on ellon au authority aa that, ho stated confidently that . the syatom proponed by thia HUI for dealing with the publia lauds of thia oolonv. had no reeomblanno whutnvor to the system to. willoh ho had first -alluded. What roaomhlanoo wa« thoro b»-, twoon euoh a oyal om aa tbe latter, and the nbortive, obaraaterlese ona now.audnr consideration. The honorable momuorat tho head of tho Goi orame'nt was mont oprogl' ualy mistaken If he thought that this Hill would offoot tho objects he appeared to bollavo it would. InAmoiiea. thu price of land waa about a dollar and a quartor, or five ehllllnga un aoro, in thia Bill it made the prleo twenty abidings, or uhbut five times groator than thu prloe of land in a oountry which waa flvo timos nearer. ; Under a plauso that apparently gove the opportunity of freo selection, tbo freo solootor waa little hotter than a bondman-bl« period óf Kondago ax. Undotl ovor throo yearn. Ho obtalnod tho .land undor snob conditions as made lt Impossible for him to consider tho land his own, until bc had wasted maali of hie timo and onorgy, that ho oould look upon tho laud with no ntbor feelings than tbnaa nf loathing; and disgust. If tho honorable mombor really wished to stand well with that particular alass af tho community whoso approbation ho anpoarod - so anxious to win, tho heat way to do so w»s to rant his land policy on a solid ,nnd enduring basis. Why did not the honorable member . endeavour to' give Ino nonr mun land at a fixed prlao ? Thara was nothing In.llieseBII'a ta induce any man .at homo .to como to this oountry. fHoar, hoar.). Unless wo mada our land hills thoroughly llhornl. and not spuriously llbarnl, which ho did nat hositato to say was the oho rooter of thia 1)111, lt would bo In vain far us to oxnoot to koop our plaou In tho race willi Queensland and Victoria, Thalami aitoslian, oven an sottlad iu Victoria wa« likely to ba moro altrao. va than till»! although he thought, tho Victorian Bill tno com- plicated. Ho hollered that bofore it .had boen, passed twolve months, that lt would bo found so impraotlaabla as lo ronder ro. vision and material adoration absnluloly nooossary. Even tho Quoonslnnd Bill was inflnltnly moro llboral than anything oon tnlnod in the Bills now undor oonatdoratlon. The groat principio cf any land BUI should oe to moko tba lands nf the colony nonos slblo to tho groat body of tho nooplo without lat, without bin dranoo, and without delay, to glvo them an npporlnnlty of making a flxad portion their awn ! but at tho same time to do so in such a manner as not injuriously or unnecessarily to interforo wllh tho Keatost Intarost in tho oolony-tho pastoral IntorcBt. Booauao e Land League had expressed vlows dissimilar to those ontsr talnod by tho prosont Government, they had bean troated as If (hoy bail no right to speak un this question-thoy bad boon s poko u of anooringly and had boon dlsparagod-as if they wore not as dooply-and ho might say a« honestly, concerned in tho settlement of this question as tho majority of those following tho lionnroble member at tho hoad ot tho Govornmont. What did tba Land. Leagua nay nu iblaaystomt why tboy desired the Introduction of Ibo Amorloan ' Land' Syatom. Thoy bold that this : truly vexations system of squattage should be rai'iaaily oliaugrd and placed on a new basis-that no temporary occupation of tho publlo lands should bo allowed toatáud In thn way of thotr psrmsnent occupation. Tboy disclaimed emphatically nil participation In an Indiscrimi- nate opposition to tua squaltora. It was nodor a syatom nf small sqiiattaaes tbot agriculture ought to prnspor, It was osaentlal to tho agriculturist thot ho should have tho benefit of aayatamnf free grass, [nitor making a comparison betwoan ibo prosont Billa and those introduced by a formar Ministry, of willah Mr. Itobortnnn was a member, tho apoakor oontluuodj: Dotwoon this Dill and tho America.» system thoro was only ono feature of ro. senihlanoo and it was thln.that a person wishing to have land might soloot it whoro ho pleased t hut tho Hills ware destitute of all tho othar principio» willoh mado this freedom af selection of anything Ilka vsluo to tho oountry at largo. Then, again, with regard to the price-twenty shillings an nore-what rooson was thara forrolalnlnsf Hf lt waa In vain to talk about giving fad. Hiles for going on the land, unless tho prloo waa rodiiood. Nine hundred and nlnoly niuo out of avery thousand persono would oonildor tho prloo a »orv serious principio. Tho only price tho Government wera Justified In obarglng was ono willoh wnnld bo equal, and nat more than equal, tn tho expense whlob tho fin. vornojent might incur in pul )i>«Uio purchaior fairly In pestos. ?lon of tb« Und. That WM an appreciable principle. .If (bay admitted thi« prinolpl«; they would be constrained to aoknow ledge the neoenliy of reduotng the prioe, toatleaathatf ita pre; ?ant amount. (Hear,' boar.) It might , ba fairly elated that it noter cost the Government, leas than from fia, to Ida. per nore to pat the oocupaut In possession of the land. It waa adlfnbultpotnttn oettle.bat he thnnght in«, waa noir tho amount. He did not know how far the Government woro pro. pared to stand or fall by that principle. Thoy seemed to hove a sliding «calo. Tbey bsd 20s, for ono olass end Ss. for another ¡ and thoy had a most ' dangerous power of fliting any prloo they pleased. Thoy ought uot lo have snob a disorotlonary power. (Hoar, hoar.) No Government ought to h>vo it. (Hoar, bear.) why should thoy have it, or whv should there not ba a Axed pricer Of couria thora waa à dlfforonooin tho yamo of land : but «uroly 'thors wore moro than two' qualities of land, aa there wore of auger, or of any otbor commodity. Therefore thore ought to bo an infinito variety of prloos, and how woro thoy toget thatf (A. Member: Uv ano tion.) The auotlon system had failod In giving satisfaction. They must havo ono prloe. The groat objeot of the DUI« «earned tobe tho extraction of the highest possible prioe from the poo. pie for tho land. No doubt, they profossod very dlffuronlly, but they "kept the word of promise to tho oar, and broke it to tho hope." Ho agreod that it would bo well, if lt could bo dann, to glvo tho land to tho paople. Tho great objeot wa« to looate tho people no tho land, und toko tho burden off the cilios. (Hear, hoar.l Another doluolvo feature in tho Bills was deferred puy. menta; but thara was no suob thing in tba Bill, aa there was no such thing as froo seleotion. Ho was not groally In ' favour of doforrod paymonta ; bo preferred roduotlon of prloo. Ho was anxious Hint the pooplo should havo the land beyond tho power oven of a Minister of Lands to doprlve thom of it. -(Hoar, hoar.l They had bad too muon of doferred paymonts, whioh often endod in no payment at all.' It wan undesirable lo oréalo a largo body of publlo debtors -it waa dsngorous to any otnlo. (Hear, hear.) For tho Interosis of the whole community it was botter to diminish the prioe thou to defer tho payment. Anothor objoctionablo featura was the groat disorotlonary power glvon in tba BI'I to the Minister of Lands. H« would rather soak to donuda the Executive of their power than to Inoresae lt. tMr. KonititTsnN : Hoar, hoar.) Those Bill« gavo loo much of auoh power. (Mr RonKItTSON : Less .than yours.) He bolievod not. There was again another objectionable feature. (Mr.RnnaRTSoN: Whore are Ihesoobjactionablefoattiros7) The disorotlonary power was an objoctionablo feature. Ahaln, it was Bought tn ropoal cortalu portions of tho Orders in Oounoil, but only in so far as tbov were affoolod by the prosont Bills.. Who eonld say how far those Bills affictod thoso Orders in Connell f Why not repeal tho whola of tba existing regulations, sud deal with tba Lend question entirely.by the Bills! (Hour, hear.) If they oould not devise a polloy, they were not justified In med-' diing with tho old rogn'otlons. Thoso regulations bad beoomo »o ontanglod that fow undorstood the Maw of the 'subject. Are. Fieal of ali tnat had gone bafnro ongbt tu bom oardinal point in uluro legislation. Although ho was prepared, In an emergency, tn ogreo to tho eecond reading, he would certainly endeavour In oommlttoo 'to ougraft on tho Bill thosn principios whioh bo had enunciated ; and if he failed In doing so, he should oppose til« third reading. Tho carrying of tho seoond reading wai ti no nicene tn ho taken as indicative nf the final euooons of th DUI. Ho did not know what tho Government Would do If tin third rending wore last. His side of the Hausa bad no wish ti produco a Ministerial crisis. Ho oonfessed that he did not tnlnl the present Government well lilted Tor their politlón, but he hut no party fèe'lng in the matter of tho lour] question. Tba oppor tnntty thou afforded of dialing with tba quostlon ought not to b< lightly thrown away. (Hear, hear.) It was a great anomaly thin In a country containing tio.'I.OfiO.i On of acres, and only ono million of people, thora should no any difficulty experienced In obtain lng land. The destruction of that anomaly bv devising a fair anil enlightened system of managing the lands of tho country wits the only moana . to rauso the . sinking onnrglos of. tho people, Ho trnsted tboro would bo found a vary unanimous feeling in tnt House lo nottto the question. Hn had felt lt his duty to say vor; little about the Crown Lands Oooupatlun lilli, tbst hoing of far lesa lmportqnoe ; hut soelng, us he did, that Ibero woro sevornl gentlemon on either aldo of tho Hon«e mhro dooply interested In tho Crown Landa Ooonpslion 1)111 than In tho Alienation Dill, and that tho Government wero'oquaily Intorooied inthe two Dills, ho had no fear that. Justloo would ho done to lt. lio liollevecl that hy far the majority of tho mombnrs nf tho House sro strongly intorcstod in thn Ooonpslion Bill lie did not say that as a taunt, hut morely to show that it would ho sullloient for him to but slightly alindo to lt, without doing lt a crest. Injustice. Tho huuarubla member titan conimaaood a aeries of observations with rofsrnnnd to tho Empire newapaper. Ho stated thst in that journal bo had soen oortafii corameuts on hitnsolf and anothor member with whom he had beou oounootud lu tho lalo Govorn. mont. That journal, whioh was tho advertís! ng ahoot of tho pro. sont Government, and waa their tlilok-amltuin Btipnorlor-thal journal had said of him, " Novar mau holding a public position In this colony had over fallon politically low in so short a timo" Kor a long limo lt was known bow that papar liad managed to ll yo, or nullor lt was well known to have existad on Government advertisements, in roturn for which it upheld all tho Oovornment did, having so atrong a pecuniary Intorostln Its maintenance Tho Government «itu which ho was aonuooted novor bought the inlluenoo of tho papor, If Indeed it had any, iu thia way. Thoy would not bave tronblod themselves to do so; i Mr. ilonattTsoN : "Tho Soiitltnn Cros*."] i Thoy nover troubled themselves about ploasing tho Empire, thoy loft them to use their own dlsorotlan ns to what thoy enid. (Mr. GAIIIIKTT: "They might hove done lt without you."] ["Tho Southern Cross."] The honorable momborfor Wollongong meant to say that tho parer would have oxproseed its oplnious whether or not, but they saw bow by a lihoral distribution of advertiso. ! moats, that papor might ba mado from day to day, say rauoh tho ¡ same thing and, perhaps,' if the honorable member for Quean. I boyan had thrown as muon manor into tba ootfers of tho Empire lin advartlsomcnls, no doubt the gnntlomon in tho baakgr.,und .would havo dlsooverod that tba public interest roqulrod tho pro. Iprletors to support them-they would not have bean so anxious ito havo tho Forstor Oovornment klokod out. But tho präsent Govarumoutansworod their purpose very wall, and it was worth lllolr while to do all they can to keep ibo Oovornment in power, and to ran down as muon as they could all thoso wbo wore doter {mined to think and act for tbomsolves, or who dared to utter a 'single whisper against (hoir, poounisry friands. Ho 'felt lt was almost unworthy tho greatness of this snbjoot to spook for two minutes of such mercenary prostitution as ho believed that journal discharged. Ha should say nothing moro, that Journal would take its wav, and no doubt he would («ko bia, but; although ho should never think it noooasary to allude jlo remarks 'of un . ordinary oharaoter. ho Could not help noticing tho unjust und uncalled for attacks upon ona be foll quito undeserving nf them. He did trust tho honorable the Hecrataty for Lands would can sent to very matorlal alterations when tho Bill ontcred commit- tee.. Rhnnlri tho ndVArnmsntnnl ,ln kn hn «I,A"1,1 foal ll hit, ,1ntu to appose the Util. ... Tho SI'EAKKIl: It ina llltlo past novell, (ton minuto» put eight o'clock] porhsps we bad bettor adjourn lor batf-on.bour. Tbo House having re-eeaembled, Mr. HOSKINS aald ho aboold offer no apology for troubling tho Houao at some length on the question before thom. It was a significant fuat thal no speaker of tho previous day intimated his intention to oppnso lbs Hill, nor had any ono dons so tbat day. It was vory extraordinary that somo of tho gentlemen oppo. silo who had hitherto termed freo soleotion a nysttm ot general toramble, yoi said thoy should eupport tho Bill. It was vory strange-almost ominous-that while thoy pronosod to support the seoond reading, thoy ovldently bad apian of emasculating lt -plokiug out the osaontlal parts of it. It was s tr un go language for the honorable member for East Sydney, tho formor Presldont of the Land League, a gonllemau who bad beau In tho habit or addressing open-air meetings, something in the Priton-airike-bomo style ; almost Inciting the ponule to Insur- rection, who told tba people, ir they oould not get a Laud (Bill by argument, thoy muot go in for it vi rt armit, lt woo strange that he should bava advisod tba Government to aooept thoir Land Bill ovon If lt should be eo sltored,'(as be promised it should be), so that they would not ho anio to reoogniso it Ho wss euro thot somo honorablo gonllemau would, only moro disgust tho people than they had alroady dono, ir thoy supported a second reading or a Bill which they intondsd to emasculate, or if thoy aaked tho Oovernmontlo adopt a Bill which no longer oontalned its original and esBontlal principles. They had mercantile patriots in tho Houso, and squatting patriota In tho House, and ho botlovod many or them would enorlOce all also for thoir own personal internal! bul ho would lemind thom that this was perhaps tho most important question that had over ooma bofora them, and it would bo as wall for onao to Btop ont or their joli of selfishness. This quo-lion in America had always boen tho great question of Ibo country, and tbat alana raooramondod lt to them as of tho highest impártanos. And ho was glad to soo that many pontlom n who formorly thought tho Oidora in Oounoll airthey wanlod, now ndmlttnd that they wanted somotblngof n Lend Bil Ho forone believed that tho Ordors lu Council worn not ail the Country requtrod; Owing to the proBOntregnlatl- ns as lo land, th ey in this highly favour- able country, with a genia! ollmato, a eplondld soil, and a lino seaboard, apo t several hundred thousands io importing bread stuffs. And whenen wero thoy Importing broad sttiffsi-Wby.mnoh afthom rr-im South America,from ooopio thodogonoratodeeoond snts of ibo Spaulardsi and from California-» aolany of only 13 years'growth. They not only supplied us with corn, but thoy bsd within tbemsotvos all tho elemento of progress mid success; and yat they novar had tho advantages that wero possessed by'the earlier settlors of > this oountry. Tho agricultural preduotlou or California lash] your was I,' 0 I,o0 i bushols of whnat, 3,110(1,000 bushels or barley, I.OOIi.ti 0 grupo vines, l,00D,0t 0 poaoh trooi;' Thoy had also a stook of 7S0.U00 black oattlo. anil 63H,n00 nhoop, producing annnallyi.tnO.OtlO lbs. wnol, and this in a oountry where, in 18oi!, there wu« not a single »hoop. Tho contrast proved that our land policy roqulr id «orno alteration. It was said if thoy gavo extended advautngo to Ibo agriculturists, and so injttrod tho pastoral Intorosts, they would diminish what was culled tho main staplo of export. What was dona In otbor countries f In Now South Wales, with all the . privllogos accorded to tho squatters by a Government 'of. thnlr otra forming, Ibo ' export ornoo! wa« not Increasing. lu IHoOtbo production of wool was 17,001,000 lbs', wolght, tho sumo a« In lan. It was Inj at lona lp tho community tn allow this class of Onlontsts' to 'maintain tho aaoontlancy. Tho prosnoote ar intllvliluals and nation« aould not romain stationary, Unless thoy wero, advancing thoy wara recoiling. lu The Tihiew ho found Information about tho oniony of South Afilón, whore men occupying about 4000 ur 0000 aero« woro oonaldorod largo sheep tormore-tho export or wool In 1H43 was about two millions i and last year wus 14,Utal,3l3 lb«, In Drltish India thsro wera vory fow large landholders ; yet in the year 1813. something under two million« or ponnils of wol woro produced, in 1H3I), 14,303103 lb«, were oxported.'Thia proved that email squattages woro favourahlo to tbotlnoreaso nf wael Tito honnrablo membor at tho head or tho Oovornment merltod tho gratltudo hr tho ooMmunlty for tho provisions iii hi« lilli allowing tho small freeholder u right of pasture Over a cor. lain quantity or land., In tba statistic«, compiled by a «quattar, Mr. Itulleslon, It was proved that tho valuo of wool was lower than that of othor oxports or Ibis colony. Last year, tho wool prodnoad was vetuoil at ?CM.IH.O'ft : ' tho agricultural produoo nt .Cl,485,SSS ; tho gold nt ül,7IS,n00. Theroforo, wool was not tho matu product. or thia colony. Tho onoo dasplsod gold-mining community produced an article of moie valuo than thoaquatto afatta olasH. Ile would road to tho* Houso tho opinion« or a gentleman whboo opinion« everyonn in tho House , would, doom worthy of . rospoot. Ho was no republican, no communist,. no beggar with a bludgeon at hi« hooky as "a mbinbarof that IIouso onoo doelg neted a working man. Ho fMr. Hoskins) did net wish t < «ot alas« against alas«, Ho had novor seen In other countries the hlltor spirit prevailing hore,;'Ha did not'arrogate to himself alana tho title ortho working man'B friend, (Hoer, hoar, from Mr. t'oit'TKit ) The only test tba honotablo member for Quonn bivan ever gave nrbls sympathy with tho working Classas was, that ho had paraded lil« «kill slshoarlng a «hoon, cpd thal Ito once waihou his shirt In tho bush. (Lauvhtor.) Whan a gentle- man who noaupled a high, position in this oolany-Mr, Donald, son-waa dsuounolng tho groat majority or hie fallow-aalonlsts, he «aw that his tirades of abuse on tho working classes wore ro oolvnd with otaeors. ' l"'Nn, na."I Ha (Mr. Hookina) bad great oonHdenaoin tito fltlollty of tho Press of Sydney In roporllog Ibo, ntaaoadlngs nf tho Houso. When . they found mon Uko Lord Brotigbsm, boering testimony to tho high ohnraotor af tho wdrklng.alossoa ititi boosmosueh gontlomati os Mr. Donaldson lo vilify those' olnisoo That gontlemau had . loft lil« adopted oountry In loor», emilio «appose! they would ana nb moro ot bira. Though ho (Mr. Donaldson) doiiounood manhood stUTrntfe, lin gavo tho host nroor of his ooufldenoo In tho pooplo of this colony by remitting hts productivo prnpnrly at Tenterfield, Hut what could lin «old to lim moro gltirltiff falsehoods or n gentle mad, onco a member or this Hottso.noiv n membor hr tho Hnuso nf Commons, who had published tb« vilest calumnies against tba working-classes or this country J Ile alluded to Mr, Marah. Ha wits surprised that no ana had tindertakon to Justify tho worklng.olassos or this oountry from auoh vituperation. Ho alluded lo tho opinions of Mr. Haines, who had reoontly arrived Tram Eiiglund, and who had mada a «pooch at Qoelong. Ho had broadly stated that Ibo Ordora In Ootliioll wore not calculated to moot tho requirements ortho oountry. Now ho (Mr, Hon kl uni hollered that honorablo gentlomen would admit that that gantln. man'« opinion« wore descrying af reaped. Mr. Haines bad statod that tho Ordors In Council woro ooloulatod lo porpntiintn the groeaost Injustice upon tba colonial« of New South Wains. (Hoar, hoar.) Hut Ibero iva« another point of view from which these Ord.T ita Oonnoll might bs Ilookad aB*ln^if^ hs viewed M favourable lo free selection. .W»»"1 honorable members, not, many. "f»*»".hÍ*ll0°r,¡ Jeoted to oonoede free selection.. Had - not -thB P"|or»' tenant» of tho Crown enjoyed fr«e, selection tinder the pre. enjptlve right, and did they not av«n thetn.olvea or th« prtvl. legi?' (Hear. hear, and laughter.) They wer. .told that be.e geutlomen wore tbe " pioneer« of oivlll.atlon - kid glove pioneer«, fomooth (laughter!, who remained in Wney. «nd lounged about tho olub.. (Laughter.) J»h»n P'T80T; ."'} Ihry not onjoy freo «oloot on ai pastoral tonanta of the Crown 7 imf if thoy* did, why «houlä they now re fa« el t to other«. (Cheer..) Aud, by tho way. now that ta wt»» »"b jeot, ho might romlnd the Honan th«;, on tho 7th ^ F«hrujry l«.t, he bad called for a roi urn willi reference lo the pro-emptive right. Hebollovod.lfaoookedroturn wera net made, that oe would lay before tho'Hou.o anoh a »t'toor hat« a» would amply Justify H in coming to tho oonoluslon th.t thor; muia nee«.« ty for land reform. Tb« Minister for Lands had toU thom that pastoral ton.nl« might purobo.o their ''omo.toa-ia »Uhjul oom petition. Tlio honorable momher had not told tho Houso all. Ho might have «aid that tho poatoral oooupanta could purolia«e the whole of their Und undor pre- emptive r}8^.J^S '.^,i«k He was aoqualntod with many p««tor«l tenants who had roruaod oou.cientlnusiy to «vail themselves of this privilege, boosuno they looked upon themoolvos only as graalors. (Hoar, boor.) Tho honoriblo momborfor Edon had stated that Bonttomen^ purohased under pre-emptive right woro ooraoollod to pin-oliMo inferior land». During hi« (»lr. H skins) peregrinations throughout"the colony, ho had «eon many purchases under tba nre-omntivo right, but never «bad ono. (Laughter) To «how tte ovlls of thi. »y»tnm. he would Invite honorable gentlemen to in.ooot amap of tho Armidale Reserve. (Hear, hoar.) Some person, «-.orteil that it wa. not desirable to onooge iii agrloul tura in New South Wale». Why not? bo would Mk. .Tho" wage« In California were fifty por cont, hlgbor. than hore, and tho American farm servant was hitter fed than tho ooloniel-aod yoi California auppllod na with wheit^îbi. ¿roved that the high prloo nf Jabour wa. notjtho lm podmont «nd why wa. lt, booauao wo had hore ono of tho greetoat our«o« ot th« mother-oountry. a largo tenantry. «H»'-j1""') How oould tbeae tonántB rai«« ooreal« and compete with tho 'ree. holders or C.llfornia ? Ho oould mention the name« or peraon« who had gro«.ly «bused thoir privllego-ho could P0'»'.«»'J.0" .tanoo« In which the paetoi al ten ant» o' the pro mi had baan allow«d to «oloot largo alluvial atrip; on tho banka ot t « the Orders In Oounoll hod boon administered iroportially and fairly he did not think thoro would have boen tho clamour that bad orison : ho reground to soy thoy had not boon administered faithfully ¡ in some oaoos tho reserves bod beenmadeon the vory worst land. Hohadalludod to gros» Jobbery by'Government «iirvoyors, and might inotsnoo tho oaoo on the 1 lohraond River. There was another person, a Jobber In polillo lands who bad baan foromostin agitating for tho separation of tho Clorpnoo and Rich, mond River district« ¡ that gentleman wa« Mr. H igh Why did ho Book this separation ? Deoauao he knew that Ini Queensland there wes a nro-squatier legislature, and thought by halag uni od to that ooíbriy, ho would ho eoamoa, io nom «om». w"' aaron of land, and lot lt ont to « touantry. Ho (Mr. Hoskl; eJ was ?Iso «bout to olluilo to a jobbing sarvoyor in tho Now England Diauiot, Mr. 01i»or. Tho Government survoyors in Amorloo wore in the habit of distinctly morklngoaoh lot with, pogo, ooo. faining tho nurabor and olio of tho lot ¡that was not. done hore. (Mr. Ho-BKnrsoM : Yea.) It had boon dono »inoo tho honorable membor bod been Mlniaterfor Lando, bat he oould. inform the honorable member that tho allolmonts woro marked jory lndls tlnolly-tho boundaries wore moro froquontly marked by notónos on tho trees. Ho (Mr. Hoskins) oould «Iso mention inalanoes n which a Ooverumont surveyor bad boon trafBokine; in publie lund« Invariouspartaof New England. In ono loatanco, whore some one went to bim to know whether «uoh and snob a lot waa ? old, ho «aid ho did not know: on tho following day. when tho mun called, tho «urveyor ««ld it bid beou pnrohased ; in fact, tho survoyor bad bought it iu tho intorvnl, for tho purpose or re- aoll Ing it at a prom, and consequently tho porohasor had to give au increased prloo. , They had hoard from tho honorsble member at the hoad of tho Government that the pubUo bod boon oem pollod lo pay for tho survey of 400,000 aero» of land whioh no. bo.ly would buy.. This proved that tho prinolple of fi oe soloollon was noèoosary a« a mailor of ooouomy. as a matter af publia polloy, and au a matter of juelloo. (Ohooro.l Tho Ordors In Counoll oanoeded privileges to lessees of Crown laud« which woro injurious lo Ihe country. (Hoar, hear.) In a badly watered, oountry Uko thio.woa lt deslrablo that the water frontogo should bo manopollaod by a few persons, ?, Undor tho Ordora In Counoll tho psatoral tenante woro permitted to purchase 410 yard« front ago for every ? " IBO «oro» book mu, and a Uko proportion for a groater quantity. This ., wss a privilege that ought not to bo enjoyed by «ny ola«« of colonists. An honorable membor nf that House bold a narrow »trip on the Richmond of S000 or 0001) aores. That honor- able membor's «anee of juatice ought to compel him to admit that thia was a privilege that ought not to ho aonoodod to spy man. (Mr. Invtxo : *' Would you not Uko to havo it ? ) He (»Ir. Hos kins) blamed no man for availing himself of the privileges con- ferred upon him by law ; but If lt wore an nnjuat law, whoo any parson asplrod tn reprosont a constituency, ho should rofuso to laka advantage or it. (Hear, hear.) Hn ahould assist to framo law« for th« whole oommunlty and not for a ola»«, (Hear, hear ) 27,000,(.00 «ore« of publlo land had boon alienated either hy grant or purobeao ; «nd only 27,000 «oros were actually uudor cultivation. (Hoar, hear.) Thoso faota onght to prove the nnooaalty for a reform in tho land law.' He would Uko to go Into tho history of tho Ordors in Council but the hour wa« too lato. Ho had heard obarges against Go. vornmonts. and somo persons would poruso partial etatomonls. Ornan» In the Unitod Slot« baa boen onargou wno corruption, but bo defied benarabla merahera lo adriuoo ono elogie lusmnoe. Ho beard an honorable member «ey "railway oompanlos, hnt Ibat was not provad, nor waa lt pabilo monoy. He had noyer hpard orso muob oorruntlon In any oountry os was known In tho ooncootlon of those Orders in Counoll. Lnnds liodboou rontodat from XI toíSporseotlon; huton tho ülllhorMaroh,1818,laws woro passed to prevent thoso small holders from holding land any longer. Their landa woro confiscated to sorvo the interests or« row squattora. A Minister ortho Crown hod BO rar forgotten bis duly as to oonnive at that confiscation. Ho dolled any ono to ohew suoh oases af corruption slnco tho Inauguration of Ilespon siblo Government. And who bonoflted by that spoliation t Why somo gontlamon gothlgber salarlos. Ho had no wish to go Into particulars, hut If. remarks of corruption wero made avaln, ho would bring tho whole olrouinBtunoos before tho Houso and tho, oountry, and would show euch n stato of thlnga as had novor he. Yore been heard orin any country With regard to tho Bill, ho thought the rramnrn, whllo proposing to givo .faailittoo to the 'people, sought to raisin too ntii'li power In tho hands of tbs Minister for Lands. Thoy had hoard charges of corruption evon «galust tho present Minister for Lands, whlob, however, had net boon proved ; and be thought tho powor of tho Kxeea tlvoonght to be clearly doflnod. Ho would not go through all tho alausas. He objected, howovor, to tho llth cause, whioh al- lowed holders to hov land near them without oompsillion. Why should it he so? The land would have acquired a special valuo, and lt ought not to boin tho power of any Minister to bavo lt Bold without oompotltion. By tho 5th olanso holders of 23 square miles wero allowed to purobaso t)4n ucroo without oompo- titlon. Why ahould they havo a encela! advantaget (Mr. RUBBRTO'JN: It is only a restriction.) Again, In the 12th clause, a rasolsBlon of reservos of water frontagos was placed In tho Ïowor nf tho Minlstor. Thus many Bottlers might bo proveuted rom obtaining; water. On the Murray tboro was a reservation of two mil's, and tbat might bo sold. Tho 13th olauso was respect- ing selling land before snrvey. Tho 'otc Prosldont of tho Land League opposed that. But ho had evidently not travelled mnob in the intorlor of the country. He (Mr. Hoakius) hod boen aoonsed of making reckless atatomonts, probably in roforenco to the bocoaty of surveyors. But he repealed his romark. Ito had seen reserves laid out wboro there was no water; while within' a mile was a running stream hold hy a pastoral tenant. . He hail seen reserves made on a rivor bank) ono side waa a rioh loam, the other stones. Tho stony side was reserved, sod tho alluvial side loft In tho occupation of a Crown tenant. And hn know of many such oases in which the Inlorosts of the pnhliohad beou disregsrdod, whllo tho interests nf tho gentry had boon studied, Why. then, should nat tho paoulo bo allowad ti ga and choona land whioh was suitable for thoir pur Çose f None knew so wo» as themselves whal would Bult them, ot the lato President of tho Land Leaguo opposed froo seloc. lion, and said it was unknown in America. Hs begged lo car root that honorabla gontleman. There had boen a reform In tl's land laws of Amoríos, in order to invite small frooholdors to tba country. The same dlsadvanlago or land Jobbing bad boon ex- perienced tboro as here, and a tax upon land had boou imposed. Encouragement had hoon nITordod lo small settlors hy abolishing land sales mid making grants or 100 seros toovory head ora family. A Dill had boan Introducen, of which ho road an oxtraot. That Ulli entitled tho holders, after five years oultivstton, to 100 sores, ot'JS oonts tho aoro. That HUI had hoon votnod hy the Prosldont. However, lt had twlco passod through tho United 8lntos Legisla lure, »nd no Präsident would lie nillo lon« to oppose lt Ho tbnn sra nod et length to shew that tho Unltod atatoshad adoptad .tho system'of free selection, and deferred puymonts. Much had hoon said about thia oountry booomtng a magnificent omplro; but how could thoy oxpeotsuoh a result If thoy did not adopt tho bust factures of the policy, whioh altraoted largo populations else- where. (Tho honorable gnntlemsn then quoted an extract from the Timm correspondent in Now Oolurabia, commenting on tho land law in that colony, and expressing an opinion nf tho advantages of sailing publlo lands at as law a prioe us ad. an aara. Even Gibbon Wakefield, tba groat friend or tho woulthv settlers, had udvooatod free aolecllnn, although hs (Mr. Hoskins),! was quito preparad to boar numhors of honorablo gantlomon present profor their own opinions to those of ull tho host mithorltlos of . tho day. 'Ho then read an oxtruol from a work by G Woko, fluid, having apsoial roferonco to»South Australia, who speaking of tho . laying out or tho towns, and villages; or the oolonyi statod that most or tho host sites woro avoided hy ' "tho' 'surveyor, in ordor to ploaeo 'tho woolthy settlors in tho nelgbbourhoo e.end thus it wa» in South Australia, muan, of tho finest oountry was unsold,-.while many a saotlon was put np for sala that was hardly worth a slxponae. That was a striking Instance of froo solootion versus Govern- ment surveyors. Some sold peoplo had no righi to " plok out the oyas of nrnn," though tho squsttors bud picked out th« oj/es of tho oountry. Dutha would show, from tho Ordor in Gouuoll, that tho Govornmont bad an undoubtod right to resumo any ?onion or on/run. Free selection might bo oarilod ont lindar hose Orders without any Land Ulli, ito quoted tho Orders posaod 90th Mardi, IBIB, section ll, oxceptlng lands required ror «nie or publlo puruosos. Honorablo mombors who olijeotcd to tho privileges conferred by tho Dill now before tho House munt soothut. undor tho Ordors in Counoll, which seourod them tho possession nf their land, tba samo rights ware given to the people, , Tho publlo bad, a right, by thoso Ordors Iii Connoil, to «oloot land on any squatteras run. Tho objection ao frcqnontly urged, that free selection was an infringement en tbosquattors' right, was not tonablo. Ho cuino, to (another clausa-the prlnolplecf doforrod paymonta' whloh tho honorable member for Bydnoy Wost (Mr. lllaokl objected to. This principle han) boen adoptad in America. Ooaii pani« ware allowed two year« undisturbed pnsaosslon bafaro hoing required to poy. Ho would qnoto an example from Canada; Kron Mr. Ulauk would not disputo tho authority. , It was from a prlro essay, by Shorlduh Hogan,Cn inducements to emigrant«. After enumerating othor advantages, tho wages of labour aro inentlonodj thoy are Os. 3d. a day for unskilled labour, briok. lajors. Sen., 10s. a day. Crown lands wera sold lu Low or Canada from ls. to ss. tm aoro. In Upper Oanadn from 4s. td 20s. an'nero. In tho rormor tho payment la not required till tba end of Ovo your«, In tho lattor altho cud or ton yuan. Conditions ar lin proysmant ara alio imposod in Canada, i Thoso who onnnot par.; ohsso may loasa thoso lands for ton years Tho Onvortunenl allots AO aorasand upwarda to porsons or al years nf ago, who oan «bow .that they aro ablo to maintain thomsalves till they reap tho first orop. Tho prluolplu of dererred psymonta wa«'recognised in Araorloa, In Cunada, in New Zonland ; and ho hoped would noon bo recognised In thia colony. Tim honorable membor (Mr. Tllnok) advooalod " froo grano* Dut ho forg.t that Ibo horda of tho largo atiualtor would dovour all tho grata, and loavo "no grain" to tho poor oottlor. Ito (Mr. H.)i waa aoqualfatod with tho tocar* or tho interior Un know many roaerroo, and when tho poor man put out lila aattlo on thom, thoy wore «oon Impounded by tho neighbouring aqttntlora. Ho linn ntrondy rororrod to tho village of uralla, In Now England. Tho pastoral tonnnto thoro.ontho Rooky, aud tho Peel,dravo their sheep over the. reservo, and fed ofT tho ames so oloaoly that tho' poer could not koop» cow orahurao. lin would point mit tim dUTeronoo botere'on tho lionnrnblo membor'e (Mr. Illnok'n) Hill and that oftho Promlnr. Tholatlor would glvothe small rrooboldors ' power to make n stand against tho opposition or tho larger tqitaU tors, They would hayo n large number or small squattages over tho country. Tho lands or tho colony wore not now moro than a quarter stocked. Tenants of tho Crown said they did not «took thoir runs, bnaansn thoy had no soaurlty of toutire. Thoy would nat go lo tho oxpenso of oracling dams ; and much nf their runs was a mero wlldomoss. Hut, In fact, their looses wera enough to warrants considerable Investment in improvements. Consider, lug tho largo prouts and tho easy torms on willoh equattors hold thoir runs,they woro warranted in expending capital. Thedlg. gora sxpoudedmoro monoy and limo In ibo erootlon of dam» and other Imnrovomonta than squuttsrs holding So square milos of territory. Onntlemen engaged ls pastoral pursuits ware generally bnt hird« of passage. Their motto was to employ as few men aa possible, and return a« soon as thoy can to tba comforts and rotlnomonle of Europe, lt «aa not io wltb (mall freeholders and aquation. In tba Northam Provlncoof NowZoaland, persons engaged Insanrfcul. tura, finding the neootelty of adding paatoral pursuits had bogan tho export of wool, »nd tbat artlolo waa steadily tnonaalng; while here, with cormorant squatters, tho proriuciion of wool waa stationary. Ho balloved the author of the Bill before tbe House waa conferring a groat benefit on the oountry-far moro than demsgogio land loaguara In thia olly, who were about aa maebt acquainted with tba iutoi lor of thia oniony aa they wrra with the doaerlo of Africa A land tax would be a moetoqaltahlo mode of taxation. Snob a tax waa imposed io Canada, in the United Slates, and iu Victoria. A roform in our land laws had boon asked for ohlofly by tho middle and lower classas In thia colony. Tho wealthier daises were content with salo hy auction on the présent system. But oren thoso gontlemsn now agreed In the noceaslty of roform. Tba Legislatures of other countries doo nod lt expedient to attract small capitalists to the land. Ia tho elater oolnny of Victoria a lood tax was Introduced, and he thought tho Forstor Minlotry had boon ejected not for their Uppor Houso Hill, but baoausa lt was know they intended to tn, Iroduoo a land lax. Somo objocted to tba conditions of onltiva Una aa un-Eugllsh. But he would rood the opinion of tho Attorney- Qouoral of Vlotoria, Mr. Wood, no demagogue or Bod Republican. It ' was quita truo indeed that, on the question of paymont of members, both tbst gentleman and Mr. Mlohla had used ima gitago tbut was unlit lo bo heard eltborlna brothel or » publia, house. Kym soma nf the groat statesmen in England toa had supported tba propriety or . land tax. Mr. O'Sbsmssy, onoe ? liberal, had snokon In favour of ihe unlimited acqulolon tif land. : but Mr. Wood had maintained that altland that was n'lo naiad ought tobo improved, and that tho Oovornment ought to soe that lt was improved. He thought land unimproved » cursa to tho country lu ibis colony tho land ' that' wrns Improved boro a moat insignificant proportion to, tho land that was lying wasto. It waa tho duty of the Legislator* to soo that such u stato nf things should not continue. It produced a proud aristocracy with a degraded and wretcbod ptopla. Lat not such a oystam bs engrafted ou thonolloy of Now South Walas. Hs would quota from M, Do Tooquovlllo, to show that tho evils arising from the system io England had boon most Injurions. Although thora waa muoh land unsold lu tho country, it wat well known thai all the boat portions hod boon taken up. Would the Íouth or the oountry onbmlt to borobbod of thoir birthright, and nooroo oorfs to a fowf No ¡an lntoroeolne war would follow. Bettor loavo tho land lu tltotomporary oooupatlonof the sin-t'en who sara an 1 oqulvulont Cor it. Bo would aban t om high authorities that the cítate had a po, foot right to reaume the aooupatlon of land that waa not turned to proper use. Tho honorablo gentloman quoted from John Stuart Mill, and Coleridge in aupport of his etatotnent. Thoro wero thouaanda of acre« on the Olaronoo and ltlohmond RI rora that did not bring In a, farthing to ibo revauno ; and would it not be bettor to giro that land uwoy to tboao who would uso Itt There waa alao tho Und of tho Twofold Doy Company. Even in tbo pro squatting colouy of Quoonaland tho législature had taken up thai suhjoat Ho thought no apology neoesaary for having token up so muoh of tho tinto of the Houso on n sukjeot of so muoh impor- tance. (The honorablo gontlemsn bad apokou for noarly theo« hours and á balf.) He ohjeotod to tho fiai un aero' provision, «.rid he believod it had boon inserlouLsgalnst tho will of the lionersiblo Minister for Lands. Ho thought no ono BhoulA bo allowed to purohaeo mora than 320 ooros in ono black. This oíanse enabled tho Executive to iuoroaso tho prloo nf land. Was not this uoo; n stltutional-was lt not un- English. In dealing with this question ho bad oxprossed'his opinions fearlessly. Ho should support tho second reading beoause ho agreed with Ita leading principle«. With very alight modification, he thought this Rill might bs made productivo, of great benn At tn the oountry. i If it woro psssod in the couran of a few yours New South Walas would booomo tho resldonoo of a oontontod, happy, end prosperous oommuaity. (Cheer«.) . On tho motion of Mr. MORRIS, thodoba'e was adjourned until 3 o'olook on Tunsday, to laka piooedenooof all othor huslncso. "íSThe Houso adjourned at Ovo minutos past IS until 3 o'olook on Tuesday. , ' ' 