1 ar - METROPOLITAN GOSSIP, (.Fron thé Liverpool 4S>iotu) LONDON, Saturday Evening, March 17. TBE gentlemen taking out patents for wash- ing blackamoors -white, for converting the car- rion-gorging crow of December '62 into tbe ether-sipping halcyon of April '60, must have been premature in their specifications; for it seems that the machinery- won't work, or will only work in the manner of Sir Abel Handy's fire engine, which could not be got into play until the house was burnt down, when it exhibited suprising hydraulic potentiality. Here, for three hours and a half this afternoon, have j ministers been with their heads together loggerheads mayhap, seeing that an Irishman is at their head, and that this is St. Patrick's Day, when philanthropy is testified by knocking o Tie's neighbour's brains out, ? in the manner once noticed by the member for Tiverton respecting tho Galway priest who prometed peace and goodwill with a blunderbus and a broomstick. What have ministers been cudgeling their wits about ? Merely as to whether Louis Napoleon is the nephew of his uncle. That's all ; but that's everything. They seem to be getting a notion that he is, -which, considering that they have had twelve years to make inquiries, can't be said to be arriving at conclusions very pre- cipitately. Count . Flahaulr, the father of his majesty, of, his majesty's mother is to ba believed, and sho may be presumed to have known a trifle on that point, dined with Lord John Bussell tho other day. His lordship perhaps asked that wise papa if he knew his sagacious offspring? And the Count, who was at Waterloo himself, and personally preserved old Boney from being grabbed by the Prussians, may luve given such decided evidence of his perception of tho filial organ 13a \- lion as to disorder our Foreign Secretary con- foundedly. It is certainly very odd that after having announced last night in tho Commons, in a most portentous manner, that the news from France was of so alarming a nature as to require immediate cabinet deliberation, Lord . John should not have been at to-day's council. . "Indisposition" of the most unequivocal com- plexion could alone occasion his absenco under circumstances of such imperative, one might say imperial, pressure. Imperious too must have been the necessity for Gornowall Lewis' absence, especially when we remember the marked apathy, not to say repulsiveness, that has characterised him since tbe day the ill starred treaty was talked of as a completed in . Strument, yet watting for legislative sanction a hodge:podgo of jargon that must have grated excruciatingly on tho constitutional _ sensorium of tho author of tho "Uso and Abuse bf Political Terms." Absent also, were tho 'Earl of Granville, Earl of Elgin, and Sir George Groy, making fivo absontees, and leaving the disposal of evonts to that ono mystic man of whom his leading organ says to-day, in reference! to .China, and tho same might be said of everything else, that ho alone has anidoa of the question; all his colleagues having morely " crotchets which they shako about in their heads like a bit of glass in a kaleidescope ;" exactly what has been said in this column, with scarcely a week's intermission, some ten years consecutively. Tho upshot of the consultation, if that can bo caliea consultation which is merely registering tho vorbal directions of ono whoso i purpose there isn't a glimmer of, we shall be told, or told that we are told, on Monday. Meanwhile, what was talked of or hinted at in oouncil would seem to be fully as grave as tho words of the Foreign Minister foreshadowed, if we may judge by the perturbed physiognomy \- of the usually domure-faced Cardwell, on com- ing hurriedly into the Freemason's Tavern to ' night, after the soup had been despatched, at 1 the St. Patrick's Dinner, whereat ho figured, in virtue of his Irish Secretaryship, his fitness of i which office he exhibited by appearing without y a shamrock ; but ho gave £25, and a vory fair i speech, and perhaps those may bo deomod an I "equivalent for the astounding omission. His \ right hand neighbour, the chairman, Lord [ Massarcen, on the contrary, wore a wholo j shrubbery' of tho trefoil in his broast, and I poured forth a cataract of potato flowers of ! rhetoric that transported the mealy and mel X lowed Murphies into an effervescence of de Èlight, which broke forth into chorus accom ». ponying the kettle-drum obligato of Love's I song about the Irish Volunteers, a Ivast array of whom wore present, and thoir spokesman-ghost of the Liborator, only think of it!-was Morgan O'Connell nephew of him who proclaimed himself heir-at law to all the crowns of all the kings of Tara, of whom there must at least have been a couplo \ - of million. But the best testimony to tho L reality of the " voluntary system" was dSlOOO i subscription to teach the young idea (the child i ren of the schools, who were marched round H the room) to shoot-at Lindley Murray and tho I Beady Reckoner. ff The politics of the week ore rendered so flat I through tho exciting announcement by the 1Foreign Minister yesterday, and tho expectancy of what he will have to say on Monday, when his reform bill has also to be moved, that it » would bo a matter of obsolete interest to talk of I tho debates. But it may bo observed that the I city sages are taken considerably aback by the I* wholesale thick and thin support given to Grey's amendment condemnatory of the troaty by Overstone, about whose motives there can be nono of the rubbish adduced as in the case e of Horsman. The whole debate in the Upper v House has been canvassed with extraordinary. S earnestness, and it is scarcely denied even by ministerialists that the opposition had far the best of the argument, and ought to have had far more followers into the lobby if logic counted for anything, and that overruling un- dermining alien terrorism didn't swamp every- thing, and almost everybody. In looking through the majority sorao staggering Corin- thian curiosities confront us. First, there is Shaftesbury, beatific bishop-making stepson of that sacred premier who doesn't believe in ori ;', ginal sin, and treats the story of the apple and Î the sorpentaa alegend for the marines, fabricated ¡ for the beguilement of the circumnavigatiqnary Cruise of Noah's three-decker. 1 Well, 'why sbouiJri't tho eclectic Earl vote for the treaty? Why, b^jiuse it is only'the other day that, despite his ^onaongrjinity to the Judicious Bottle Holder, K "0Tjred out a vial of vitriolic . acid, or, what is cu^jderaHy more corrosivo¿ .; ecclesiastic wrath, on the- ä of N for ^ % ing of taking Savoy, the.« , M cuckooing his household friend,.. Mar_u¿ * d'Azeglio, Sardinian ambassador a« - ^ Z who was of course assumed to echo ,-.fo¿ t Emmanuel and Cavour. And here arises* £ question, accompanied with the farther, ques ?p tion-who is_to answer.it? Was the g spiritualised' Earl, heedless of the cruel Bport 2 made of his green-horn " verdancy .in tho - mutilations that' nqveri took place, hoaxed by soma carnal wag ; and who was that irreverent joker? It couldn't be d'Azeglio; and, if not, d'Azeglio himself must have been dupe of a knave. Who was that knave ? There is but one answer, Victor, or his Vizier. "Which king, Bezonian? speak or die." It now turns out, what indeed was from the beginning obvious to anybody with an eye in his head, that the sovereign and his counsellor knew all about the roguish and rascally transfer, and that the whole nefarious- ness had, with their privity and aid, been vir- tually fait accompli at the very time, and long before, Victor's minister at Victoria's court was prompting the near relative of her Majesty's principal adviser to howl out, in the British parliament, against Bonaparte's tyrannous rapa- city towards the sordid Sardinian who had actually sold his birthright for a mess of pot- tage, to wit, a flask of Lucca oil, a slice of Par- mesan cheese, and a Bologna sausage, and had the proceeds of the base bargain in his pocket 1 There's chivalry for you, worthy of the muse of on Ariosto with a hurdy-gurdy under his arm, and Jocco, the marmoze tte monkey, grinning over his shoulder. It is of such chivalry we should expect the first Shaftesburv. Anthonv Ashlev Cooper, of the Cabal, the Achitophel of Dryden, to be the hero in th'13 country ; but it would be to use it, not to be made its tool, »3 has been the case with his present descendant, the 7th Earl. If the latter weren't so charged with canon law, he would pistol his deluder to a dead certainty ; and even a patent Christian can hardly be expected to forgive a friend who has made him ridiculous while he waa trying to be sublime, the custom always of an afternoon, with the noble lord. Who next? Stanley of Alderley, Owen, of Penrhos-hall, Anglesey. Ghost of Glendower, Huellen, Merlin, Arthur, and all the Cymric knighthood of the Bound Table, can it bo that this is he who, only the other day, blazed away about the burning shame of letting coals go to France ? Was it he who said that iron with the duty off entered the soul of the British lion, transfixing the undono and donc-up brute ns did tho Life Guardsman Shaw, at Waterloo, when ho skivered seven cuirassiers as though they were so many frogs, instead of tho eaters thereof? Even so. That same Anciont Briton Stanloy, with his declaration of druidical do votedness to the common weal, is tho pusilani mous Welsh rabbit that now turns tail on his recent track, and runs right into the mashes of the Imperial poacher, who claims free warren in all our isle, and has his claim allowed. Why doos this degenerate Taffy so act? Well, that is betweon himself and the Post :-Office, understood ; St. Martin's-lo-Grand, for fear of mistake. But surely never yot did helot enter tho market-place to cry his master's praises with his own price more glaringly branded on his brow of brass 1 Not all tho brine in his own Cheshire salt-pits can keep a status so ac- quired from becoming as Goldner's pickled pestilence in tho nostrils of those who can smell a rat, especially when tho said rat happens at tho same timo to bo a ridiculous mus, just born of magniloquent mountain, labouring with simulated patriotism, and* bringing forth a £2000 a-year job. Eebecca should blush for such tool-taking. Tho four now coronets dangled of course at tho service of the donor,literal as well aa figura- tive "appendages," namely-Llanover, (Sir Bumble Hall,) Lyveden, (Verdant Smith, groener than ever,) Taunton, (wishy-washy La- bouchere,) and tho Earl of Dudley. The latter was lately Lord Ward, as all tho world knows ; and why he didn't remain so is what all the world wants to know, but can't. Tho only imaginable reason, and a very substantial one too, is, that he is a superb-looking fellow, and, without the least " make-up," could play the barítono part in Ernani 83 well as Fornasari, and sing it too, without tho tremulousness which impaired the professional's vocalism. Surely those are not qualifications for an earl- dom ? Then what is ? The Spanish hidalgos of tho 19th century are not moro ignobly unlike their Volasquez- visagodancestors of the lSlhthan aro the British barons of to-day, dissimilar from their putative progenitors of tho Roses. To look at our peors now you would say they are all sprung from the crop-eared Roundheads, and that there never was a Cavolior among the grandfathers of one of thora. The recant in- fusions, especially from the manufacturing clement, are physiognomical frights. The snub proboscis, characteristic of the millionaire, as the Rabbinical Bucks oracle about races has it, abounds on all hands, or rather on all faces ; though really it is not fair to level that reproach against our coroneted cotton mushrooms, seeing that a noble lord who traces his podi greo direct to tho Bruco of Bannockburn might enter into competitive examination with Belper (Derbyshire Strutt), as to the anglo of incidence involved in tho peaks of their respective olfactory apparatus ; and. assuredly the blue blood of the Howards! presents no particularly comely contrast to the plebeian raddle of tho flock of Joneses and Bobin sons, tho latter patronymic, by the way, including one owner of two earl- doms, De Grey and Ripon : and he is no excep- tion to the rule. But Ward is, for he is tho finest six feet of physical humanity in the Upper House since tho late Earl of Ellesmero was of like age, and whon his Apollo Bolvidere propor- tions and crusader-like accessories fascinated the chartist delegates, as depicted by the Sidonian limner of chiaroscuro and white waist- coats.',. Word, tbereforo, has every right to be made an Earl ; and if he were only married he should have been made a Marquis ; or, were polygamy practicable, a Duke, provided he espoused three Graces, each likely to be mamma of nine Muses, so as to givo us a prospect of a picturesque peerage some time or other. Another of Dudley's deserts is that, either out of respect to Rowland and Sons, proprietors of " incomparable oil macassar," or from some othercrinigorous predilection, he never shaves; and although he dosen't, set up for a particu- larly pious peer, we havo high authority that by letting the beard grow we contribute to the sanctity of the Sabbath ;-a recommendation, no doubt, in the eyes . of the vivacious Viscount who declared that Sunday bands in the parks were decidedly instru- mental to spiritual harmony, or music of the spheres. A fashionable west end publisher has just issued a work, by a théologie Cambridge Master of Arts, ia whioh it is proved, or at loast assorted, which is mach the same thing in these days, that shaving is a hindrance to the spread ot the Gospel. He says :-" While the bells of our churches ore pealing their ' welcome to the house of prayer, while thousands of devout, al- beit close-shaved Christians, are wending their Hgbdemnrely to the sanctuary, Io ! in every by tho gfaghaving-shop stands open, and through soaped aV&Por; yoa see» what ? A human face immortal bei&ered; " the eyes, with another Anding at his side, one hand grasping; his victim's nose, and the ether defying the commandment of God frith the uplifted steel. Who can doubt that a wilful transgression of the fourth commandment is in process, and that the histrionic art itself is called into exer- cise on the holy day? For, look-the evi- dence is before you. The operation begins ; the razor is applied. Bit by bit the lather dis- appears; and after sundry winces and wry faces, and twistinga and contortions, this serio- comic performance is concluded. The lip and chin are denuded of nature's edifying garb ; and the liberated subject takes his place, too late, alas, for church now, in civilised society. He is a cleaner (as the effeminate will talk) if not a better man. But why cleaner? Because a fashion, dating from a licentious period, has attaohed a false idea of uncleanliness to hair upon the mouth and chin. And to gratify this false taste, this arbitrary whim, hours of valu- able time must be wasted, and the blessed Sabbath desecrated." Some dozens of pages of this sort, with quotations from the fathers of the church, and the grandfathers of the tabernacle, and the grandmothers of the Bethesda, furnish pleasing evidence of the pro- gress of intelligence amongst us ; and with a Ward to give practical effect to those preach- ments, and to be made an earl for so doing, it can't be doubted we are progressing-though in which direction may be a matter of ambiguity with inquiring minds. In addition to the four new coronets, tho four new mitres also dangled in the majority with the " appendages," namely-Carlisle, Chester, Hereford, and .London. What must have been the pressure) put upon the right reverend fathers to keep them out of bed till nearly three o'clock on a bleak March morning; and of course, their manservants, and their maidservants, and their carriage horses, and their cooks to dish thom up something sustaining to the inner man before proceeding to repose ; for " if lips though rosy must be fed," as the poet says, prose says the same thing of lips though holy. And, talking of bed*, hero's a Story of a Feather that Jerrold would have mado weighty mirth out of, though it is only about a feather-head. On Thursday ministers were very nearly caught napping on the hypnological subject of hops. Brand, Dun- bar, and Knatchbull, tho three heads of tho Cerberus guarding the Treasury portals, had dozed off into indifference, contemptuous of tho open oneray, and disdainful of danger from oc- cult sourcos. Suddenly, towards midnight, they were roused to a sense of peril by the appari- tion of a swarm of Torios on tho hitherto all but deserted Opposition Benches. Instantly a con- sciousness of the situation smote them. Card- well glarod like a wild-cat from one extremity, and Lowe like a hyena from the other. Dun- bar dashed out on the right of the Speaker's chair, in the manner of an Armstrong shell, and Knatchbull to the left like a Whitworth conical shot ; while Brand, as the most res- ponsible and coolest tactician of the trio, held the centre, and passed word to Gladstono that tho talk must bo kept up, and time gained, till the other two brought up reinforcements. As soon as Dunbar and Knatchbull reached the lobby, and had despatched messengers every- where for everybody, they simultaneously shriekod " Where's Whitbread ?" but they shrieked in vain. That foaming young patriot placeman at £1200 a year had absconded ; finding it rather difficult perhaps to reconcile his duty as a British brewer to his obligations in a ministry dealing anti-nationally and in favour of foreigners respecting one of tho staples of stout. Treason was in the minds of the electrified Taper and tho gal- vanised Tadpole ; but second thoughts were best, and discretion considerably tho prefer- ential part of valour. Accordingly, two scouts were precipitated into two cabs, only one vehicle for each, howevor; and off tho steeds sped, influenced by a species of persuasiveness which tho Cruelty to Animals Society would have been shocked to behold, and that Rar ey wouldn't think of applying even to the zebra, who, to be sure, was striped already. Ono courier was at Brooks', at the top of St. Jnmos's-street, in no titno, or at least as quickly as though ho were the identical Tatar who took Sebastopol six months before the Malakhoff was heard of ; and, with corresponding celerity, tho other was at 18, Wilton-stroet. Tho latter was successful in finding the bird not only at homo but gone to roost, shewing that he was member for Bod-ford in the most unmistakable manner. Tho messenger delivered his missive in the fashion of an Ojibbeway Indian about to scalp his squaw, loud enough to wake the Seven Sleep- ers. Up rose the rousod Sam, and asked what was the matter ? " Mattor 1" quoth the runner, out of breath, and in the manner of Croakor, in the Good Natured Man, who, when asked the same question, exclaims " Murder, earthquake, and conflagration, that's the matter ;"-and thereupon ho recounted the state of the case. From this it was evident that the safety of Brand depended upon Whitbread's presence in St. Stephen's, the safety of Palmerston's cabinet upon Brand, and the safety of Europe 1 upon that ;-consequently it followed that chaos would overtake all creation in a twinkling be- cause Sam had been surreptitiously taking forty winks. Whitbread, who thinks no small beor of himself, a3 it would bo highly unbecoming that a compounder of treble X should, is already nearly seven feet, the tallest individuality in the house ; and this intelligence of his unoxpectod importance must have added a couple of inches to his stature ;-a circumstance that will natu- rally accouat for his taking an unusual time to tumble into his pantaloons. Having, however, effected this preliminary, ia about fourteen and a half seconds, which seomed as many hours, he got into the cab, whorein lie completed some sort of a toilette somehow, and alighted in Palace-yard just as the bell was ringing for divi- sion, and the other whips were deliriously ap- plying the lash to the ministerial herd, a suffi- ciency of whom were secured to maka a small majority, the tories tailing off as soon as they discovered that they were checkmated, and couldn't stool the march they had meditated. And so Whitbread escaped annihilation at tho hands of his carbonair confrères, for thus jeopar- dising the fate of the Government, tho peace of Europe, the safety of the British lion, and, what is of- much more importance in their eyes, next quarter's salary ; for, if they went out now wages wouldn't count after Lady Day. Sam is so elated at thc fuss made about him that he won't bo surprised if he is soon " sent for ;" and perhaps the sooner the better, seeing the pass we are coming to, and the pace we are j going it. -. I .Returning to our muttons, that is to our bell- wethers, in the Upper House, it is noteworthy that while the four bishops voted in the majority, and none in the minority. Camoys and others of. ultramontane direct bias themselves, or of Romanesque relations, such as Denbigh, Sudeley, Mostyn, Do Tabley, Talbot, de Malahide, &e.;, . voted for ministers, and not one of the professed or suspected pro papals against them ;-a curious commentary on all we have been hearing about the unholy alliance between the Derbyites and the Cardinal's corps, especially since the surprising double shuffle between Pope Hennessey and Lord Campden, apropos whereof it may be as well to state that the noble lord has paid in full the expenses of his electo- ral experiment, all the talk about Carlton con- tributions of secret service money to the contrary notwithstanding. In the minority the name of all others that will carry meaning to eyes not wholly void of speculation is that of Stratford de Redcliffe. Well he knows what L. N. B. is driving at, for he knows who drives him,-the same who so long tried to drive tho Viscount himself out of Constantinople, and at length succeeded. From the time of that suc- cess, and becauso of that success, everything else everywhere else is hap- pening as it is happening, and merely preparatory to what is going to happen there. Till then little has happened ; and all that may happen will be insignificant scratches on the surface, signifying comparatively nothing, how- ever full of sound and fury. No doubt it will be something that the process should go on in tho interim sapping all sense of honourable sensitiveness out of the minds of peoples. Tho degree of that weakness of spirit no Sykes' hy- drometer can measure ; for the very instru- ments applied dissolve in the tost-" the extin- guishers themselves catch fire." Hore, for instance, have we, to-day, that pythoness of tho solidarité of nations, Mrs. Elizabeth Barrett Browning, the insurrectionary sybil and revolu- tionary muse of the ninetoenth century, the femi- nine Sivage Landor, and nearly as loud-tonguod as hon " deep-mouthed Boeotian" friend trumpet- ing the praises of Bonaparte, in a new volume called " Poems Beforo Coagress ;"--the ground of hor laudation being that he has accomplished that Italian froedorn, the abortive attempts for whoso attainment sho witnessed from her Flo- rentino " Casa Guidi Windows," as rhymed in the pleasant chimes so named. But with a bathos moro inharmonious tfian ono of tho tune- ful nine ever yot tumbled into, sho must needs puts a prose prefaco to her book, and such a philippic was never yet penned, all tho moro bitter for being more unintentional, against tho whole rationale of tho now treaty and the morale of the treaty-mongers. Mrs. Browning is, or is said to have been, a Quakeress. John Bright must pray to be saved from a Friend who shows up his school in such very undrab colours as this, namely-" Lot us put away the little Ped lingtonism unworthy of a groat nation, and too prevalent amongst us. If tho man who does not look boyond this natural life is of a somewhat narrow order, what must be the man who doos not look beyond his own frontior or his own sea ? I confess I droam of tho day when an English statesman shall arise with a heart too large for England, having courage in tho face of his countryman to assert-'This is good for your trade, this is necessary for your domina- tion, but it will vex a people hard by, it will hurta people farther off j it will profit nothing to tho general humanity ; therefore, away with it !-it is not for you or for me.' When a British minister dares to speak so, and when a British public applauds him so speaking, then shall tho nation bo so glorious that her praise, in- stead of exploding from within, from loud civic, mouths, shall come to hor from without, as all worthy praise must, from the alliances she has fostered, and from the nations sho has saved." If Mrs. B. B. mean to live till the coming of this superlatively good time, she had better contract with tho proprietors of Parr's Pills for a few pecks of those longe- vity globules ; for April 1st, A.D. 3061, is the earliest possible date she can ex- pect to witness the realisation of her dreams ; and by that time cotton will have evaporated, and tho leaf of the fig bo no longer out of dato. A RELIQUE OF FATHER PROUT AND OUR " METBOPOLITAN."--The* well-known Paris cor- respondent of the Globe thus notices, on Thursday, an allusion to him in our London letter of this day week :-" Hore is tho Liver pool Albion, which has a marvellously amusing Metropolitan Gossippor, whoso momory is stocked with all sorts of knowledge of men and things, but who, in noticing some linos from mo written at Milan, while tho smoke of Radotzki's retiting artillery was still smelt in tho city [1848J states them to be written on tho Tiber where as yet no revolt took place. They are merely a versian of what was sung at tho Scala Theatro-Guerra ! guerra 1 per Vítala terra; and though he says they aie Dantesque, they may be grotesque to some readers, but not inapplicable to what is on tho cards." 