Original Poetry THE MEETING. The Past! Thou fearful shade, For ever falling on the sunny glade Of life, which we all troop along ; — Dimming every pearl which hope, With flower'd fingers, scatters o'er a throng Of bright-eyed fancies, sweet as heliotrope, And beaming with a light, Rich as the Heaven of a starry night. Deep shadow length'ning on life's ways ; On mirth-reflecting springs ; Now looming up majestic 'lore the gaze, On dark and heavy wings, Against that mountain's side Which stems the torrent of oblivion's tide. The Past ! See how its train, with jewels deck'd, Lights but the ruin of tbe Hope it wreck'd. And with a strange wild glance From those dim twilight eyes, It looks into the soul, And in the vast expanse, On which forgetftilness begins to roll, It conjures ghosts which swiftly ruse ; Now singing joy, now shrieking on the air, To fill our brains with gladness or despair. Then some dear innocent, all dress 'd In garment moonbeam light, Wings like a spirit bless'd And puts them all to flight. Then drops again into the lap of hours, So fill'd of weeds and flowers, To leave a certain bliss, we seldom can call ours. On thund'rous music now ; now harsh and rude, As from unpractised iiand aud crude, Time's solemn song comes rolling on the blast, A chaunt o'er pleasure's holocaust, Compelling up the fierce and cruel brood Of soul-bred wrong, or bidding nigh the last And sternest grief, to tear its fleshly grave, And o'er the whirlpool of our woes to rave, As screaming, harpy o'er the foaming curls, 'Neath which a dead man spins aud whirls. Now with a low and melancholy strain, Which pensive Eve might love amid her rain Of dewy tears ; When twilight glides with sober robe of grey, And touch 'd with holy fears, Steals from tbe skies tbe parting glance of day, O ! on those strains, there come the cherish'd [shades Of happy days — bless'd spirits brighter iar Rose pure and clear upon the April glades Which, setting, left a vacancy behind, A dull, deep want of something ou the mind. More lovely ye as ghosts — no doubts then rise To dim the beauty of Hope's beaming eyes ; No long delayiugs, watches, dreads, nor i'eais ; No after-drownings in a sea of tears. And now, ye pearls of memory, Ye jewels glist'ning froin exhaustless mine, Te flowers rooted by an inland sea, Where waves a sweet, pathetic nmsic twine, With gentle winds and soft harmonious tone, From those wild harps which strew the shore, And with smooth lips, half song, half moan, Sing to the watching spirit ' never more.' Yes, come, tliou joyous troop, Wing with the swallow's wing, Aud tell of summer: Wreathe now, and laugh now, in a group With pleasure, joy, aiid young love fluttering, Amid the roses, like that Loney'd hummer, Fill'd full of sweets ! Come, come from sylvan [shades, Frcm 'mid the clump of honeysuckle glades, Where ye all dwelt when Grief and I Trod on in woful company. O! smootb-lipp'd sea-shells on that pebbly shore, Sing not, sigh not, ' never more.' ' A joy it is a perfect thing, When free of stain or doubt : But a saint alone, as his breath hath flown, Hath felt a joy without.' Thus sang those smooth and round- lipp'd shells, Then sobb'd they as before, As sad as Sunday funeral bells,— ' Never ! never ! never more ! ' O ! songster wild — O ! false, false song ; A joy is breaking on my soul — A lovely light comes with a throng Of budding blossoms, o'er whose beauties roll The bubbling waters, born beneath that kiss, Which de-ar affection drops iu dreams of bliss.' No poet's dream so fair ; Kb breaking in of light ; No morn of May so debonnaire; No lark in upward flight Feels the intense sphered pleasure Which rains on me in fullest measure : Like to a beaker fill'd of Tuscan wine, My soul it sparkles, beads, and is diviue. \feel her coming. I cannot stir; sense, breath — My great joy pains me ! Around — above — beneath— This great joy chains me : I bear her footiall on the btair, The music of her little feet j I hear her voice upon the air — 0 ! than music iar more sweet. I hear her hand upon tbe door, Her shadow thwart tbe sunbeam lies; Her shadow lengthens on the floor, Sweet glimpse of Paradise: Yes, sure some angel's entering in, Fresh- dropp'd from Paradise. I see ! I feel I life, light, and bliss ; 1 feel tbe sweetness of her kiss : I feel her breath upon my brow ; I hear her warble forth a vow ; And yet my heart breaks not. I see young jo3rs, a happy flight, Beaming round with smiles of light, Griefs, troubles, all forgot. Nearer I nearer ! dearest, here — ? To heart, to breast — for ever near, There live, there die : And let my soul, upon the sigh. Which tells me I have nought to love, Wing, angel'd, with thine own above : Nearer ! nearer ! Ever ! ever ! Where, O ! sea-shells. ' Never ! never !' My God ! I thank Thee ! W. J, B. Perth, May I, I860. 