AUSTRALASIAN WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. On Monday, the 13th instant, the Queensland, Auxiliary of the above Society held its annual meeting in the Albert-street Church, Brisbane. After singing and prayer, Dr. Hobbs was called to the chair, and expressed his sympathy with the object of the meeting, and called upon the Rev. Samuel Wilkinson to read the report, which was as follows Your Committee, in presenting a Report of the Queensland Auxiliary to the Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society rejoice To number their humble Branch Missionary ' Society) amongst the Christian and philanthropic Institut- f tions of our infant colony. Willie they sympathize with * every institution that sickle good of mankind, and elevate man in any of his personal or relative interests, E yet they are persuaded that this Christian Missionary 1 books) and kindred institutions must take precedence of all others, proclaiming as they do that gospel which, is the , power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth, and promotion of that godliness which is profitable unto all things, having the promise of this life, and of that to which is to come They would not be unmindful of that affiliated i eildon in which this society stands to the venerable British Parent Society, whose praise is in all the earth, and claim an humble interest in its extensive 1 and beneficent operations in so many parts of the world, and would gratefully record the noble sum of £120,070 Ills 10d,, as the result of the contributions of its supporters last year and acknowledges the trait of £3 674 0s last year to aid us in our Australasian and Polynesian Missions. ] Yet they believe that the assignment of the South Sea < Missions to the partial support, and to the care and may- agement of the Australasian Church, is an arrangement 1 which affords to them a field for Missions) labour and ( Christian enterprise, which they will delight to cultivate . Your committee feel that in taking a part iii the promo- tion of this great work, they are led on by the divine l command, and are cheered by gracious promises, so that ] they are not engaged in any doubtful enterprise. But the , almost unprecedented success which the gospel has had amongst the palms tants of the Islands of our Sense makes it the presentation of those missions to us, us that of the gift c of a ' field which the Lord hath blessed," so that we are [ emboldened to present the claims of those missions upon the sympathies, prayers, and liberality of the christian s public with confidence, believing that, as they receive the attention they demand, they cannot fail to receive increased < support of New Zealand -Once the scene of unmitigated moral darkness, cruel superstitious, devastating wars, and g cannot if feasts, now a valuable British Colony, the 1 appy o nourishing home of thousands of our fellow subjects, with its Sabbath and its S sanctuaries, and its schools , whence came they I While we would do honor to British nuns, we the honor which is due to Christian Missions, _ especially to the Missions of this Society, and we must mark, it has not yet been proved that a hand was lifted up " against British authority li) may Now Zealander, under the li christian instruction of this Society). U first) seven arrange your society was pursuing its arduous and dangerous missionary toils in the labours of 84 its agents, amid the cool disdain of some that Ijoie the d chairman name and the ridicule of others, in this miss n was considered by some as on unwarrantable use of life-n foolish attempt to convert savages into . christians, and shall we at length learn that one of the two most popular of modern historians, whether in sober at earnestness, in bold conjecture, or otherwise, looks to these of children of the Antipodes as the successors to Britain's dor) VVohniono sympathy with the sentiment in any PI form, we recount It only as the historian's testimony to the fact of the rise and progress of the intellectual, moral, ,, and social elevation of the New Zealander by the name " of Jesus, weclnlmtho moral regeneration of New Zealand, is as far as it has (gone, (w the thigh) of his grace and mercy (ll and proclaim the labours of this society and a Madrid institution, as the hum and means he has been pleased to employ) to gain this moral comment Hundreds of New 111 Aalaudirsuie found gathered to the Church, with their JJ children in our schools at this day. But the fact must not be withhold that European colonization, with the, value it has given to the lands and productions of the I to Lt country, and the easy means of acquiring money it had afforded and the luxuries and intoxicating drinks it ha s imported and the races it dally displays, has imperilled tin 1- religious interests of the New Zealanders, and is threaten i ing their existence as a race What power shall interpose to stop the progress of European vices, and to teach then e off virtues, to retrieve them from a ruin, the sin and gull S of which might in part be laid at our doors as a nation The glorious gospel that has already done so much for them the state of transition through which thor an b. now passing if it may but result happily as Christianity , can accomplish will expunge a foul blot from the escutcheon of modern colonization and not only place Now as- Zealand as a dependency of the British Empire, but, what is far more dear to me Christian, raise the New Zealanders to the rank of some of the best subjects of the King o] 2 Kings For this we solicit your prayers and contributions is New Zealand has 17 missionaries, 4 native assistant miss sionaries, 3070 native schools, 2030 church members, 181 on trial and raised and contributed £040 16s 10d last year' U to the Missionary Society and. Friendly Islands Though not free from some of the baneful influences of ungodly Europeans, now, in some o: LS the Islands from the ancients) stems of idolatry, and are others, as in New Zealand, the good work in its progress; is encountered by the agents of Homo, under French: e patronage, with threats from her naval commanders, nor*- even in the most favoured spots is our work done, as some 3 may think when the people embrace Christianity If we " sleep we may rest assured that the vigilant enemy will Son IS his tares, yet they are constrained to confess to the glory a of the grace of God, that some of these Islands present ' scenes of natural and moral beauty, scarcely surpassed in J this fallon world From the year 1822, some years of al U most fruitless toil began, when the servants of God went " forth weeping yot bearing precious seed but these years " were succeeded by a harvest of success, which it has seldom 1 fallen to the lot of any labourers to leap Island after y island, has become christian. ¡k Fijian that has been accomplished In the Friendly ^ Islands has in some respects been eclipsed by the rapid IS progress of religion amongst the Fijians The magnitude or of some of these islands, the multitude of the inhabitants is the splendid forests of valuable timber, a soil and climate n capable of producing all tropical fruits abounding also met with good water, and some fine rivers, inhabited by a race of people which in al physical qualities do well accord '" with and adorn external nature, who, also by the pro IB gross they have made in some of the arts, gave evidence of J intelligence and contrivance much in advance of other barbarous tribes, yet for moral degradation social dis- y cord, and national feuds and bloody and exterminating 1 wars and fiendish cruelty, and horrible cannibalism, seen to outrival all that has over been perpetrated in the ls fallen world. Satan may indeed be said to have had his' 1- seat here The accounts of their evil propensities and " horrible deeds, which come to us from time to time, an too disgusting and harrowing to repeat the cry o, C misery from these wretched beings for long ages, waxing is louder and louder, has at length fallen upon the christian car, and the church has sent her ministers ; they have 0 literally gone with their lives in their hands, the) ban if carried the gospel of salvation, and the results of the sovereign remedy amongst the vile race, and the same blessed results have followed us are found elsewhere, so that the most sceptical have been made to acknowledge thodhinity of Christianity, while the Church on earth has been reassured and cheered in her sacred toils, and joyful! songs in heaven have mingled with the songs of earth, the dead is alive, the lost is found Thousands have been " brought out of darkness into marvellous light Sogrcal >r is the desire in some parts for christian instruction, that I fathers as thousands of them still are, the) have erected spacious temples for Jehovah in the hope that his servants may be induced to come and teach them His way the importance of these missions cannot be fully estimated without taking into consideration the proximity of these Islands to our own colony) not a few of the missionaries and their wives being the sons and daughters of Australia. The social elevation of so many thousands of our neighbors must increasingly promote the commercial and other interests of Australia fire establishment of a Chinese Mission in Victoria has been attended with most encouraging results The following summary of the Society's operations will be received with interest -Chapels 157 other preaching places 331, missionaries including super numerals and assistants 64 catechists (I Friendly Islands and I iji) 218 day school teachers 1752 lot of preachers 1003, class leaders 020, church members 17010, on trial 3908, sabbath schools 6202 teachers 420 day schools 005, schol 1rs 30,501, attendant on public c worship 85 786 printing establishments 2 Expenditure £13 007 1931, income, the contributions in the colonies and from the missions £10 033 43 31, balance paid by the missionary committee in London £3074 0s, making £13 007 10s 3d £87 12s 6d was contributed by the Moreton Bay Society, £11 8s of that amount being the proceeds of two quarters raised by the Fortitude Valley Juvenile Missionary Society, showing £14 7s 2d, in advance of the 1 rev lous year. They are glad to learn that the Society is and me, progress, and entertain the hope that the present Anniversary Services and the subscriptions and donations, and missionary boxes, and other sources of income will be increasingly productive in furnishing the funds necessary to carry on this glorious work The Chairman then called on the Rev Charles Ogg, of the Presbyterian Church, to move the first resolution. The Rev. Charles Ogg said, the resolution put into his band read as follows " That the report which has been read be adopted, and that the success which the Great Head of the Church has granted to this society and other kindred institutions, should call forth our gratitude, and excite us to more earnest prayers for riches flu sions of the Holy Ghost upon the Church, the mission- field, and the world" The speaker said that it afforded him unfeigned pleasure to move the adoption of so very excellent a report as that now read to them by his esteemed friend, Mr Wilkinson. He regretted that the attendance was not more worthy of the occasion, as he was sure that, the matter contained in the property would have delighted the heart of every man j whose heat was in its right place. It was a fact, that no Christian communal y was in a healthy and flourishing state which Kept the Gospel all to ' itself, and had no foreign mission hold and, as 1 the Society whose operations had now been brought 'j under their notice was the only one that fered to 1 Christians of all denominations in this district a a slalom foreign mission work, he considered it to a be the duty and interest of them all to help on the great and glorious work they had heard of He said, he was no sectarian, but rejoiced to see fallen humanity raised and blessed by christianity, no matter what branch of the christian church it was used by the Great Head of the church in effecting it He concluded by commending the noble cause in which the society was engaged, to the sympathies and support of christians of every 1 name. The Rev N Turner seconded the resolution, and said that he stood before them, relative to these missions, us no other man could, being the oldest Neslejannnssionaiy in the southern head 1 sphere, and as having been directly and indirectly connected with them all He could bear testimony to those statements of success contained in the report as indisputable facts New Zealand was now an important British colony, but what had made it so' Ino glorious gospel of the . blessed God, and that alone. He first met his foot on those cannibal shores nearly forty years ago, when its entire inhabitants were the children on of wretchedness, misery, and death. Then, of their lives were in perpetual danger - then God and His Book were then only support. New Zealand had become a oon lorted land True, the simple piety of the natives had greatly deteriorated, through the many unfriendly influences to which they had been recently exposed since the colonisation of the island, nevertheless they were still a johns [ lian people, and their piety would boat compass son's 4th most christian communities- especially, in their love to the scriptures attention to family devotion, and attendance on the ordinances of religion He said the gospel had been working a powerful change upon the habits of the people, and gave the follow ing recently communicated fact in evidence About timely Years ago a respectable merchant on the Hokianga River died, leaving a lai0opiut of his property in the hands of the natives in the shape of old debts, which, when examined by his executors, were thought not worth collecting But, since that time, however, trade had revived, and more than £2000 had been paid to the person appointed to receive it This clearly shows that light principle to umphs over native avance The rev gentleman then referred at some length to the glorious triumphs of the class both in the Friendly and Fiji Islands, showing that in the former of these groups the entire population were brought under the Redeemer's save), and that in the latter tons of thousands had recently abandoned their cannibal practices, and bent the knee to Jesus, wor slapping him as their Saviour and their God He closed his address by ascribing all bones and glory to God for these mighty triumphs of his truth and love, and by urging all present to engage more earnestly in prayer for riches effusions of the Holy Ghost upon the church, upon the mission field, and upon the world. ' Mr L Zillman moved the second resolution -"That this meeting recognising the urgent and ! increasing demand for more labourers, especially in Fiji, where tens of thousands have recently to- a nounced heathenism, and do now entreat us to study the religious tcachcis-lejoicos that to the 1 different stations ton additional missionaries have been sent this year, and that the general oom- s mittee has also resolved to commence missions to 1 the Chinese in New South Wales and Victoria, h and earnestly commends the increased claims of the Society to the liberality of the Christian i, public . l] The unavoidable absence of the Rev. George J Wight, Independent minister, who was to have taken a put in the meeting, having been in the- " mauled, " The Uti l m Can Now, of Ipswich, seconded S] the resolution in a ling and shipment speech, of 2 which we regret that it cannot furnish a report of Mr Marks moved the third resolution as it follows " that the thanks of this meeting ate I Y presented to the officers of this auxiliary, and branch societies, and to the collectors and con- tributors, for maintainance the funds of the institution, and that the following gentlemen shall compose the committee for the ensuing year the Rev. Sam. Wilkinson, Rev. N. Turner, Dr. Hobbs, Messrs. Jordan, Smith, Brookes, Sutherland, Zill- man, Gerike, Carvos30,and M once, Brisbane Rev. Wm. Curnow, and Messrs, Aland, Robinson, and Foote, Ipswich ; Rev. Wm. Wilson, Messrs. Brown and Andrews, Warwick ; Treasurers-Rev. S. Wilkinson and Rev. N. Turner ; Secretary Mr. Henry Jordan." Mr. Payne seconded the resolution. On the motion of the Rev. S. Wilkinson, seconded by Mr. Jordan, a unanimous vote of thanks to the chairman was passed, and was duly acknowledged by Dr. Hobbs. The Doxology was sung, and the meeting dismissed by the benediction being pronounced. The audience, though not so numerous as might have been expected, seemed deeply interested. The collections taken at the anniversary amounted to about £17.-(Jommuniaated, 