CREMORNE GARDENS. We hare perused the 'Life of Barnum,' and we watched the career of Coppin. From that perusal and from that vigilance we have come to the conclu sion that, in a literary point of view, the two names are synonymous, with six of one and half a-dozen of the other. Coppin, however, has bolder conceptions than Barnum. He does not rely upon fictitious lions, but, regardless of expense, procures the real thing, He will not condescend to show that notorious eques trian animal whose tail was unfortunately in the position we have been accustomed to assign to his head, but paints out to the public a far greater and more original anomaly — namely, "Joseph Rodgeurs," the brave seamen, who perilled, aa seamen always have done and always will do, his life for others, exposed upon the boards of the Pantheon to the plaudits of a crowd whose half-crowns he had allured to the strong-box of the manager. But enough of comments ; let us see how far even the programme issued from Cremorne was carried out on Saturday evening. It was announced that certain stage performances would take place at these gardens, including the pantomime, the petits (and indeed very petite it is) comedy of the "Young Mother," the recitation of a poem by Mr Younge, and the presentation by the Mayor of a purse of sovereigns to the seaman, Joseph Rodgeurs, in honor of his gallant conduct at the wreck of tho Royal Charter, with of course the staple amusements of the place. Tbe appearance at various times of several of the members of the Government, led us to believe fully in this flattering programme, and subduing our anxiety as much an possible, we viewed the merging of the "Young Mother," into a "Wife" with a sense of indecorum at that very ne- cessary stop not having been carried out in the first instance. Then came the poem, written, as we are informed, by soma one "born to blush unseen," and spoken by Mr Richard Younge. We append a copy: — It was a wild and dreary night, the lightning flashed around, 'The wind blew as 'twad blown its last,' and roar of thunder drown'd, It whirred across the frighted land and shrieked above the sea, As though each blast a demon were, and hell kept revelry in England's sheltered inland vales and most sequestered spots, The tempest startled stalwart men, within their stone-built cots; How then may one delineate the fear, the grief, the pain, Of those who pined that awful night upon the frantic main ? Along the storm enveloped shore of our loved Fatherland, Behold ! how many a groaning barque is swept upon the strand; And see, where fiercest blow the winds, and where tha waves beat most, O God, they drive an iron ship upon an iron coast ? As helpless as a schoolboy's toy the monster vessel's test ; Without a moment's time for prayer, five hundred souls are lost ; The rooks which stand the giant's teeth, a precious meal devour, The wind itself is sighing o'er the tokens of its power. And many a wailing week to come, like ghosts along the shore, There wander melancholy men who seek what they deplore. Each corpse is scanned by eyes half-blind with tears which ceaseless flow, And Moelfra Bay tftows from that day a synonym for woe. But there ia one bright page ia all this history of grief, A page which from the darkness, stands in prominent relief, A page which immortality may confidently claim — It shows a wreath of laurel leaf encircling Rodgeur's name. Immediately on the pronunciation of the hero's name, In the last line, a fine stage effect was produced by the appearance of Joseph and three of his com rades, who seemed somewhat abashed by the publicity surrounding them, and the long and rapturous applause that most deservedly greeted them. Then cams the cream of the joke, and the crossing of the "Pons Asinorum" was effected with consummate skill. The public had been diddled of half the show, the live Mayor had not been produced, perhaps, if we may be forgiven for the disgraceful offence we are about to commit, it was on account of his being too hoarse to speak. A delicate allusion was made to a probable imperative demand upon his professional serviers. This at once secured the ladies, and they on the side of the apologist, what man dare be so much a goose as to hiss? Thus passed over the great event of the evening. Mr Younge declaring that the purse, which we suppose was out on professional busi- ness, too, would be given to the first officer of the Great Britain, of which ship's crew Joseph Rodgeurs is a member, with a view of having it invented for the hero's advantage on his return to England. The evening's amusement terminated with Conrad and Medora, of which we hare already spoken. 