ECHUCA. ,:.. i. .. JS T o. PEEPING- PETER I 0 THE EDITOB. : MB. EDITOR,- -Somfe of Y our correspondents, it may be presumed friends and fpea alike, speaking in a Pickwickian sense,- have been congratulating themselves on the sudden silence of .Beeping Peter. A very large amount of private affairs, coupled with an: enduringj attack of the -prevailing epidemic, have debarred me from addressing you for some time past ; there was however another reason that influenced my keeping silent, you have- scribes in abundance, general and local Some write nervously, somejaundicedly, some with a keen relish of would-be •witty phrases, i with a fiir sprinkling "of terseness and Vigour. Some with' local prejudices, others with enlarged views on matters affecting the general prosperity. |l think, Mr. Editor, that I can congratulate you on the continued improvement in your journal; judging - from evidence before me, your jmaterial prosperity is now . permanently secure. Your opponent, whom I oijiginally chrijstened the Southerly Burster is stall in the land) of the living, having failed in its endeavor to sweep-as with an avalanche of promised talent, the Pastoral {Times to the BbadeV'below.'Ainybody who has teen in Sydney, and;, who had witnessed the efforts of the inhabitants to sliut : out the " Brickfielder," namely the Southerly Burster, must, when reading your good-tempered opponent, have seen the- strong resemblance between the latter's position and thb " dust" which the brickfielder ] hears along |with it._ Every door, every window in the southern city are closed against the obnoxious intruder. Although it is said that ah occasional brickfielder clears the atmosphere,! yet is the burster regarded as a public nuisance, i Hence it. is that the Southerly Burster, your second" jonrhal, -finds itself generally throughout the districts an unwelcome visitor, the idooM of the Ichief portion of the inhabitants are shut against it. Never was a provincial journal ushered in with more pomp ; it wasj to act as " Censor" to the Pastoral Times ; the people here were to be taught politics by a kind of southerly steam engine, the'Boiler of wliich was to be the editor, the Funnel to be J the Master of your Lodge- -Star 1 of the South. The Eccentric cam we may suppose to jbe an Agent of "your town,~while |a younger man, of the same calling, so fond of showing his teeth when he really could not bite,—a man afraid of coming out inthe body, but who will throwjhimself into etherialisni—the "Ghost of Horace" suddenly disappeared as 'all ghosts [do; hobgoblin like, they are only fancifully created to frighten the toothless infant and the ijgnorant.—This Ghost of Horace was to be the safety valve of this wonderful steam engine, f Alas! poor Ghost!" the whole fabric may soon follow the Ghost, for the public mils it. | Had the writers in the jBurster cloaked their . designs, and the conductor had the experience of a really respectable printer's devil - had he been more frugal in steaifl—had the "Eccentric cam " not been too eccentric, and so thrown the machinery out of gear—had the safety-valve been a moderately stubborn body, and not a steam ghost—I as one of the public, might have enjoyed the j prospect of an invaluable return for my quarter's subscription to a country journal, though lit never attained to mediocrity. Certainly, among other eccentricities, it advocated Prize Fights. This! was to be expected, because higli living and [pugnacity are nearly allied; pugilism; and port wine have a strong affinity for each other,—pumpkin heads are attracted to pumpkin pies.! The latter are very pleasant things in their way; but high feeding generally produces corpulency. Does corpulency hfeget j Masonry, Mr. Editor ?„ or is it the reverse—doe? Masonry beget corpulency ? Answer this if'you. can. L jtnist that "you are not one of Pharaoh's lean • mfenj seeing that you have so many attacks to withstand. ' Are you a FalstafF, andihave you "stomach for them alL" You make a jterrible row in "the world, you Deniliquin folks, aiid you should be "municipalised." (Ilborrowed the;word from, my friend Hapjiy Jack's unpublished Dictionary,—by the bye, when is he L going to publish it ? Put me down for ten!copies.) You would be a.charming lot were you municipalised. Query—would 3 r ou elect a fat man as mayor of Deniliquin?[ or would you have to sendl to Hay?- Arcades ambo. Youj know, Mr. [Editor, you know everything; I am not chaffing yon about hay. I mean flay!, the "rising township" on the Murrumbidgee, and not your honorable mepiber. Given, j Mr. Editor, la I corporation, what would it cost to keep up a red hose? Are men with red no&s; old or young Masons? this; is supposing you to be in the secret of Masonry,; if you cannot solve the question, perhaps one; of your numerous correspondent^ can. Speaking <j>f Masonry, jjrotir Grand Masonic Ball went ojffjike a regular "burster, as the "iStarof the! South " should jgo, not comet-like, wandering erratically through space. The Maisons picked, up the pieces! that fell from the "jStar of the i.South" as ishe came in contact with Venus at the Ball Itlwas a grand dodge (do; not print [lodge) that thb great wizard, the worshipful master (Jupiter Ionans of Deniliquin Masonry) hit upon. When the worshipful master, immediately after| thle snpper (in vino Veritas) clapped his small lhands, and oried, •'Masons,' follow me!" (arid of roiurse' the Masons, "like good men anditrue," did so, the master seized oh. an unmarried lady, and tying , his leetle apron around lifer islender waist, the fair one was iabooed.; the -jother Masons loli lowed suit injsecond-h&hd; clothes, and a general scrimmage ensued, twenty fair captives struck their colors 'without a blow. I, "Peeping Peter " and iriy friend Snapdragon, a blackfelldw, I were peepingj through the window, admiring.tlie 'dance; my sable' friend was delighted at seeing the ladies dancing with the -Masons' aprons on. "Budgeree.i'j s'ajrs Snapdragon, "likeit hlaekfellows'! corrohborree;' kahjon!!" 1 IJelt prondof ' my country, and, for jonceJ wished myself a, ' Demliquinitei. ! Civis Britarkcus, cried I, but then 1 thought bf Neito wh^fiddledvrhile Rome was burning, soil turned tiyray, and—lighted my pipe. The .effects are! visible hfere; the ladies attending theMwbnicBailhave been .hopping ever sintee-^some; are ili^pink the; results, "ositivel of the itjranding hlaving.been deep'and isting. I Thle husbands: and fathers declare the ;fa whole affair [to he very lame indeed. . Spiteful people here aay that the reason why so few old settlers attended |wa9, ;,that they dislikedhops, and knew thatthe-Masons jwere fond of beer. But is the '" ; S tar of the South " paling its ^ineffectual fire,-f igrowng dim ... visibly drooping like the wirahipful 1 :mastfelr, ; vho is constantly singing "P^mgiaway,!",.. llSe rercd'oL its mem ihers have dikappe'ared, noleM than .five during +Tl the «n last «4. .fourteen f—Li " 1 days..' .1 :i ' Xhl^.Masons hr-'t have .not . •now a Dun among them, ,exce >tmg one~ Taylor, who publicly declares - ' that the Masons ire. troubled with short memories, that-they disrethe old rule "short reckoningsmake long riends." j '•' _ i """"i ' . ' . ] Our townsman (now yoiirs) iron returned not pound heavier. He expected,- of : courtie, uouey in b6tli pockets, He declares, so I hear, fl»t ^e tliougW the Dl-niliquiii Masons -were of sttcar^netal, but that they jdo not come lip iio f iGurrent.poin;- that there is. % goodly | aimorint , f electroplate amonc.lthehi ' venr la«M quan- Y of wneer, 'and but lita^mahogany.'' • ' !: 1 am toldithe jnoi»inKi»fterlthe Ball the frag- ents of the feast, cold hains, pold tongues,- and •aickens, &a.;, were kindly offered' hy -Mr. Iron ~ «ws hgiegt of the' two hdspiUlv-bntfear- J.iest the fjjtpmacha of famafct of the 8^en ' s H °apital Would he put out of: ' y J the dainties, the Mason* m?^6^18 ?^0,? * aecondi night's BaU and P l e K t f i ^ oharity f™ 1^, ^ ^ at the Ball, «d Again^ tlle P^ed-up aprons Which the ^t ™ J™' what wonder. hL^t ^ httle P^h to, j^tiuraks at the supper U the ladi^fand id Patch respond ? of cgurst he did hX^here' dthing can feqnal the scandal at tto i S be truly Es^^warsri " A number of shares in the Masonic Hall for sale cheap." ••-.-•• . \ .' What next? why, thiaievolutionist will 9oon put up the Masons themselves ; when he advertises shares in the temple, [next go the gods ; and then we shall have, the Chinese • purchasing some of . these gods to be used as mandarins,— obesity the fruits of good living, is the outward and visible sign of Chinese and Deniliquin Masonry. lii my next, I propose t6 show you, ; Mr. Editor, the wand results Ipf Masonry at Deniliquin, . jnind I speak of j Masonry as it is, not as itshouldbe. I speak hot of the mass,'hut of the management. I honor the institution, and I admire those who do j honor to it. In the meantime we'll " tile the j i ; | " July 17. door." PEEPING -PETER. . 