News and Notes. In a goat case heard yesterday in the County Court, it transpired that a magistrate at petty sessions had adju- cated in a goat killing case, and the Judge stated that such an act was out of the magistrate's jurisdiction. He also told the plaintiff in the County Court case that he had a right to shoot or otherwise destroy all goats found trespassing within a properly fenced enclosure. Goat keepers who will not properly herd their goats, must there- fore take the consequences as philoso- phically as they may since the law does not sanction the habit of depas- turing their goats in other people's gardens, fields, or orchards. The dead gum tree at the bottom of Sturt street still rears its poor bare old arms suppliantly to the Resident War- den and the winds of heaven, as if pitifully pleading to be removed from its scarecrow position by the side of the footwalk. If a rotten bough topples down some breezy day upon the official sconce of a Crown Lands Commissioner, and leaves him to the coroner and a jury of twelve, we, at all events, shall not fear the "poor ghost" when we pass there at night. In the matter of the dispute between the Round Tower and Red Jacket Companies, his Honor informed plain- tiffs' counsel yesterday that Mr Pringle had been instructed to make a survey, and his progress report would be ready on Friday. The further proceedings in the injunction, therefore, would be taken at noon on Saturday. The case Waldie v Ebbley, heard yesterday in the County Court, will afford to persons learned in the land question an illustration of some of the features of the subject. The plaintiff is a well known squatter, and the de- fendant was sued as one of many per- sons who, at £25 per annum each, were permitted to depasture cattle on a run for which plaintiff paid, besides his assessment, a rent of £10 per annum. It appeared from defendant's statement that plaintiff's run was not fully stocked, and the judge told the defendant he might apply for a portion of the run if he could show it was not properly stocked. Information was given yesterday (Wednesday) at the detective office, relative to an audacious outrage and robbery committed on Mr K. Hogg, recently of the Main road, and who resides at Bungaree, near the Sawyer's Arms, about six miles from Ballarat. Mr Hogg, it appears, was in the pad- dock attached to his house, between the hours of five and six o'clock on the evening of Tuesday last, when four men, attired in monkey jackets, and with crape over their faces, took pos- session of him and forcibly marched him into his house, and there taking up his own gun threatened violence if he did not give up his money, &c.; ; Mr Hogg rushed to obtain possession of a revolver placed near his bed, but he was speedily stopped, and imme- diately placed in the bed and covered up. The miscreants then commenced a search, but all the money discovered, and really in the house, was the sum of one penny; they afterwards sat down and regaled themselves with Mr Hogg's beer and wine, coolly telling him that he hept a "-bad house," and finally took their leave, taking away the gun, revolver, some clothing, candles, &c.;, and threatening death if Mr Hogg created any alarm. It is assumed that these fellows are part of the gang which stuck up Mr Graber, and we learn that a strong force of police was last night to proceed to the spot and scour the neighborhood, when it is to be hoped the scoundrels were captured, as the presence of such a gang is causing great alarm in the vicinity, Mr Biers, who has filled the office of Crown Bailiff here for some years back, has been appointed clerk of Petty Sessions at Inglewood. A correspondent, writing from Pinchgut Gully, Black Hill, sends us the following, under date of the 5th inst.:-"The crushing machinery of the Germanic Confederation Quartz Mining Company, at Pinchgut, was finished last week, and the first trial of crushing was made on the 2nd inst., in the presence of Mr Mathew Camp- bell, furnisher, Mr James Hamilton, inspecting engineer to the company, and a great number of shareholders and spectators. The engine started in regular full speed without any in- terruption, and drove the connected stampwork and pump in the most satisfactory manner. Indeed, there was only one opinion among those present that this crushing mill is, for good and substantial workmanship, at the present time not surpassed by any. The machinery has been erected, after Mr James Hamilton's plan, and under his temporary inspection, by Mr John Grant and Peter Swiny. The Geelong Advertiser of Tuesday, which only came to hand last evening, has some uncomplimentary remarks on the public meeting held here on Mon- day evening, Our contemporary, which views the land question from a squat- ting stand point, seems to have been rather annoyed that this community should have spoken in condemnation of the course adopted by the Upper House. A mistake made by the com- mittee, in denominating the place on which it was proposed to hold the meeting "the Post Office Reserve," gives our contemporary occasion for in- sinuating that the meeting was held at the instigation or under the patronage of the Postmaster General. This we dare say will be news to the gentlemen who got up the demonstration, as well as to the member for Ballarat West, who we believe had as much to do with the initiation of the meeting, or with it in any shape, as the editor of the Geelong Advertiser, and no more. The term "Post Office reserve" was simply a blunder of the committee, who meant by this to designate the open space in Sturt street-in front of the Post Office, and adjacent to the Camp reserve. The area in question is as much a Post Office reserve, and as much under the control of the Post Office department, as is that part of the square which is in front of the Geelong Post Office. In being so careless in the wording of their advertisement, the Committee evidently little thought of the fears which would be excited in the minds of our colonial Mrs Gamps, by the connection so easily to be traced between a "Post Office reserve" and a Postmaster-General. If they had, probably they would have been more careful, and our Geelong contemporary would have been spared the silly insin- uations which graced its columns on Tuesday last. We believe we may state, says the Argus, that the ministerial crisis is over, and that Mr Nicholson returns to office. It is understood that the leading members of the majority in the Legislative Council have assented to such a modification of their views as permits Mr Nicholson to resume the reins of Government. At the meeting of Parliament to-morrow afternoon statements to that effect will, no doubt, be made. Mr O'Shanassy did not return to town yesterday from Sydney, though he was expected by the political friends who had telegraphed in hot haste for him. Yesterday (Tuesday) afternoon says the Argus unusual excitement pre- vailed in and around the Houses of Parliament, in the expectation of some light being thrown upon the Ministerial difficulty, by the votes and proceedings of the Council. The galleries of the Council Chamber were well filled at an early hour by strang- ers, while the members' gallery were fully occupied by gentlemen from "the other House," among whom the more prominent members of the Con- vention were conspicuous. There was one exception-the M.L.A. who de- nounced the squatters as so many "corpulent mosquitoes" did not pre- sent himself in the dangerous neigh- borhood of these gentlemen. In the lobby, several of the more prominent members of the late and previous Administrations were to be seen-the Chief Secretary himself having been engaged with Mr Hervey, Mr Mitchell, and other leading members of the anti-Land Bill party, while Dr Evans held Mr Hervey and Mr Ben- nett alternately by the button with the anxious pertinacity of the Ancient Mariner. Mr Mitchell moved mysteriously about, and Mr Fawkner skipped from member to member, with a jubilance and youthful vigor expres- sive of reviving hopes of the success of a bill in which he takes so great an interest. At last, the President hav- ing taken his seat, Mr Fellows rose, bat his statement was of the very vaguest and shortest- "Story, lord love you, I have none to tell." The Chief Secretary had received, on the previous day, a communication from his Excellency-but of the na- ture of that communication no hint was afforded. The House, therefore, should, at its rising, adjourn to Thurs- Thursday. Such was the statement, and such the advice, and it was fol- lowed. The House adjourned to Thursday accordingly. It was un- derstood ont of doors that Mr Nichol- son had again been "sent for," and that he would, on Thursday night, be in a position to make a statement to the Lower House. We learn from Tuesday's Gazette that Donald Kennedy, Wm. Tait, and James Ross have been appointed to be trustees of the ground belonging to the Presbyterian Church of Victoria at Miner's Rest; and that the following contracts have been accepted-District Survey Office, Ballarat, £280 15s, Irving, Glover, & Co. ; Court of Petty Sessions, fittings and fencing, at Smythesdale, £887 3s, R. Dent. It may be remembered, says the Argus, that a curious case of mis- taken identity occurred a few days ago, in the City Court, in which a man, named Robert Owens, swore he had been robbed of his watch by a private of the 40th Regiment. On the failure of the first charge, a second soldier, named Candy, was singled out as the culprit, and some rather singular facts transpired, certainly tending to inculpate the prisoner. The latter, however, having been re- manded till yesterday, adduced the evidence of a corporal and private of the 40th, which went to set up an alibi, and threw so much doubt on the reliableness of the evidence against him, that he was also discharged. Perhaps the prosecutor may be more fortunate in a third guess. The Royal Society, says the Argus, appears favorable to the proposition of holding an "Australian Exhibition" in the course of the ensuing year. The paper on this subject, read by Mr Knight on Monday evening last, con- cluded with a recommendation that a special meeting of the society should be called to consider the matter in de- tail. Before the business of the even- ing had terminated the requisition to the Council for a special meeting was signed by nearly all the members pre- sent, and in the course of a few days the proposed meeting will take place. In a paragraph in the Herald of Tuesday, referring to the late meeting of the Monte Christo Company, and which was quoted by us, it was stated that Messrs W. Randle, Thomas Clarke, and - Cairns were elected directors in the room of Messrs Lewis, Brown, and W. B. Robinson, resigned. This is incorrect, the three latter gen- tlemen having been elected, and the former having resigned. 