Female Crime in England and Wales fFrom the Edimjurgh Keview.] Some of our political economists appear to wonder why the rate of female crime throughout the country is not decreasing: in quite such a satisfactory manner as male crime. It is a great and pleasant fact that while in England and Wales alone the population is increasing at the rate of 28f), 000, or l-70th part every year, the number of persons committed for trial is not in creasing in proportion, but actually dimi nishing at the rate of about 11*9 per cent., the relative decrease in proportion to the population being thus about 13 per ceut. The increasing prosperity of the working classes, the greater advantages which they now possess in the Way of education, the efforts made by religious bodies of all de nominations to imbue the lower grades of the people with religion and habits of in dustry and temperance, have all tended to produce a diminution of crime. Reforma tory schools have also been of invaluable service, by checking juvenile offenders at their first etep in contravention of the law, and thus striking at the very root of the evil. The decrease of crime, as a whole, can therefore be placed alongside of those other agreeable statistical facts, the length ening of human life, the increase of intelli gence and education, and the rise of na tional prosperity. It is true, however, that the decrease of feimle crime is by no means bo rapid as the decrease of male crime. Thus, while the total decrease in commitments last year, as we have seen, was 119 per cent., the de crease in males committed was 13*1 per cent., and that in females only 7*2 per cent. The proportion, therefore, of female to male crime has increased. This increase, how ever, is only relative, and not actual. Still, it is a noteworthy fact, and one which has given an opportunity to some persons to cry out as if crime was not decreasing, but merely being transferred from men to wo men. This allegation has been well an swered, on the statistic?, by several metro politan journals. In none, however, have we noticed the real causes of the discre pancy sufficiently explaiued. A few words on the subject may therefore be neither un instructive nor unimportant. The great work which, in addition to in creasing prosperity, is producing the re duction of crime, is two-fold — reclaiming and preventive. Tiie reclaiming work is being carried on with great energy through out die length and breadth of the land. City missionaries, district visitors, and tem perance reformers, are, with many others, labouring in the good cause, and are sue-, c ceding, year by year, in reforming greater numbers of those who had formerly been drunkards, profligates, or thieves. It is, however, much easier to reclaim a man from the paths of vice than a woman. When a woman has fallen into evil courses, she becomes tenfold more hardened in them than a man. The number of female crimi nals is much less than that of male crimi nals}; but the great excess in the proportion of female recommitments is only one of many proofs that when a woman has once become a criminal, she remains more con stant to crime than a man. She has fallen from a greater elevation, and therefore finds it more difficult to rise again. Her moral nature suffers more deeply by her full than I hat of man, and becomes more utterly perverted and debased. A really bad wo man is the worst of human beings. Not only, however, does the essential difference that exists between the moral natures of the sexes thus make it probable that compara tively a greater number of male criminals than of female can be reclaimed, but exter nal circumstances have the same effect. It is much easier, even externally, for a man to repent than a woman. The repentant male criminal finds much less difficulty in turning to honest courses than tbe female. A hundred fields of employment are open to him, where he may gain a honest live lihood, without being harrassed by hid past history; at the worst he can work his way to California or A ustralia, and commence a new life iu a new field. Not so woman. The brand of her disgrace follows her, ge nerally, wherever she goes. Those of her own sex scorn her, and men are suspicioue of her. The ghosts of her past transgres sions meet her daily wherever she goes, aud frown down her attempts at honest living as vain and useless. ' Once down, always 4own,' is the sound that rings in her ears. She finds it almost impossibly to regain a footing as an honest woman. Continuance in vice, or starvarion, is generally the alter native before her. We need not wonder, therefore, that fewer female criminals com paratively are reclaimed. The other great branch of the work which is producing the reduction of crime is pre ventive. Its aim is to prevent the innocent from failing into crime, or to check them at their first step. its agencies are various. Tke school-house, the reformatory, the ragged school, check the increase of the number of juvenile offenders; while the other means, which we formerly adverted to as available to reclaim criminals, are equally available as preventives. These agencies are directed, as regards adults, pretty equally towards both sexes. With regard to juvenile offenders, the case is somewhst different. A very great propor tion of juvenile offenders ia of the male sex. Heformatory schools, therefore, are much more useful to the male sex than the female; and the diminution of juvenile crime is chiefly a diminution of male crime. A woman seldom fails into crime till she hag lost her virtue. As a general rule, she enters crime by the gate of profligacy. Hence, one of the best ways to diminish female cirne of all sorts is to strike at its origin, and to strive to the utmost to check the progress of the ' great social evil.' Every effort to lessen the drinking habits of the peopie is of use for this purpose, inas much as it removes stimulants and incen tives. Every encouragement given to pru dent and industrious habits is also beneficial, as it promotes early marriages. Every innocent amusement in moderation, every rational enjoyment, lessens the craving for vicious pleasures. Mure direct measures might very probably be found of use, if taken with proper caution. We truet that ere long, although the reclamation of female criminals may still be more difficult than that of males, there will be fewer female criminals than at present to reclaim. 