THE NORTHERN GOLD FIELD8. (From the ArmUlale Btprtu, April Í8J THE ROOKY RIVER. Last week we were favoured with heavy rain, whioh came in good season, and now all tho waterholes are replenished, and piles of washing stnff, whioh had been acoummulating for weeks, are rapidly diminishing. Parties who hud been engaged in drawing headings ont of the old claims on Mount Jonos, for the purpose of sluicing, have also been realising the fruits of their labours, bnt I am sorry to say there seems to be no spirit for prospecting at present. I he miners aro content to grub in the old workings, where they may be seen like ghosts of misers haunting tbe obamoers that once con- tained their rifled treasures. Not even the prospect of a share in the thousand pounds to be obtained by Mr. Hoskins from the Assembly, as prizes for enterprise, can induoe the youngest and ablast to rough it in the bush and break new ground. Messrs. Francis and party aro still hammering at tho stone in their shaft on Church Hill, tho sinking continuing very hard. Dodgers' Bush is finished, and the Chinese diggings behind Champion's do not appear to bo going ahead, so that we are much in want of some fresh stimulus to our energies. The sohool on the Rooky Itivor has been kept alive since its commencement merely by tho small fees paid by tho pupils, but 1 nm happy to state that Mr. Leece has roouived a communication from the Secretary of the Hoard of Education, Informing him that the school in futuro will be classed in the list ol' nonnested schools, and thut the teaahor will receive a salary of £5 per month, and also that a supply of books will be forwarded for tbo pupils. We ure mainly indeblod to the exertions of our aotive mining representative for this important rosult. The Bookyites, being great potato eaters, sadly feel the want ot a regular supply of that esoulent being brought to market. Other vegetables seem to be equally soaroe. Whether it bo from an inoreasod taste for pork or the scarcity of feed 1 know not, but from the many death shrieks 1 have heard lately, I hope thero is a chance ot tis getting partially rid of one ot our ten pjaguvs, and the publia will also loam with pleasure that a general death warrant is issued by the owners against the most destructivo and best foraging, and consequently the fattest, of those immense bords of impudont pigs, with whioh the diggings are infested, and, as a bacon to others when dead, they should be bung up in thoir neighbours' ohimneys. It is much to be lamented that» Mtmlar decree has not gone forth againBt the droves of bullocks and gouts, and flocks of fowls, wbioh multiply .od replenish on food not their ownci»'. Rocky Uiver, 84th April, 1860. 