' ; !'iiu. iioaisjta ' of wiik ' seasowJ .-. .- ,:?.-. ., ,. MAINSTAY.' ?-.?? -.:? .-. Dkak Bbi.l, — Mainstay, bred by.Mr. Hastings Cun ningham, in 1857, ia by Sportsman out of Compton Luir/.J,--;.,.',,- -,.J- ?-..., :,-;V- ?,....„? t-i.-^.ji,,.-^., :.'.;.l'-r.',.j. -t .: .Sportsman, a bay horeo, bred in 'Now SoutliWales in' 18-lU, by Mr. M'Ooivan; U by Waverloy out of Jessy by Muleyson, grand- dam by Bay Camcrton, out of 'a' pure Arab maro. Waverley was also foaled inNowSputh Wales, and was cot bv the impnrtod horse St. Georizc. nut of Splendora, likewiso imported; ho was sent tn Victoria about this timo last year, .and was ' purchased at Kirk's Bazaar by Mr. Barber for' threo hundred and ninety pounds; Wuyorleyis most famed-as being tho airo of.Venp.' Jessy,- Sportsman'a, dumi also gavo birth to tbo famous Samson ;, Mirza, the dam' of, Mr.'Geofgb Watson's Templar; Huntsman; Venison ; Spider; 'Jes sina,wbo was hero With Zoo .In' tho spring; and Samson, junior- Tho fir-t appearance 6f{ Sportsman on tho Home, biibh turf was in,, 1852, when | he, came out for the Muidcn Plato,' meeting' Seducer and, other superior, .horses, and proving himself .at oiico tho fast and gamol animal that his*? after, career1 confirmed. It was very Bcldoin that ho was ever beaten, and then' from fatigiii In travelling ..long distances' '.up tft 6 ', country, or from temporary lameness 'caused by ' the' flint Iikohardnes3of Homebush. His greatest perrorinancc, so far Ja»,m,oney,;arid Moment ,wenj ,.was in his match of two miles, two monkeys to one, against Cooramin, an' animal. thon in his prime, and supposed to bo almost in .vincible, after his having about distanced a large Held of good horses for Iho Leger. Both stripped like stars, but Sportsman Jiad the best of it the whole way. His turn of srleed, and staj'lng qualities may bo , 'well Ima gined by those wba have seen Samson, his half-brother, perform at Melbourne and elsewhere,, when I mention that' Sportsman always could and always did beat him, at any distanco up. to three miles. Sportsman was brought to this colony about six years ago, and is now standing at;the Glenelg. ....'. ' '.' ' Of Compton,Lucy, 1 can tellyou but little; sho was bred iu Tasmania, and was.brought to this colony by Mr. George Brown, about aevon years back. Mr. Cun ningham purchased her of him for no very heavy amount, and tho mure remained In his hands until Mr. Power, a settler In the neighbourhood, became possessed of her. Sho is sold to bo well bred, if not thoroughbred, but on ?his heid deponent knoweth not;— sho shows breeding ab«ut tlio bead /-nd nock, but otberwiso ono would not tnko'herfor & bloot lii.1''0' ; ... '?'?-, ? Malnitay is'a'brlght bay 'g«lanig, with black points, and stands about 15 hands 2 in ,' witu greJ!- power, and looking more like a four-yr-old than a two-yV-old. Ho has 'a largo plain head, very like his sirc't;''1 '? ^ re* member rightly, somo of tho best horses in EnclanJ ha largo heads, .especially all, tho Melbourne stock, West Australian W fit- Mainstay ^ i-^ntUhlbfeJiSI. n«Jc and shoulders, very powerful long arms, good .flat legs, with.blg back tendons, woll proportioned pasterns, and sxcellcut feet, great depth 'of. girth, with most pow errnl loins ; his quarters are strong but somewhat short, with well-fashioned hips; ho Is rather light just abovo [no hooks, which oreiargeand woll formed, but I should like them better if they,wora,a littlo nearer the ground ; , i i ' ar Bhor^: b^k- !'ut . vct ho Iooks ilongihorse withal. I feel persuaded ho can stay a distance, and carry weight, and if he be endowed with speed in pro portion to his .staying- qualities, he .will be a very dangerous customer -br the Great Swoopstakei. ' Mainstay was bred at Mount .Gambler, about seven teen miles boyond tho border between Victoria and South Australia ; and, with his dam, wa- told soon after he was foaled. His new 'owner., seems to havo had no extravagant opinion, of him, for ere he became a year liag, he was handed over to Mr. 8oy mour, who oxchangod n ' pony' for hiin. The last named grew tired of his purchase, and my hero found a fourth owner in tbe per sonof.Mr. De Lancy Foith, who formed such an opinion of his colt.that he lavished a bit of training on him, and brought him out at the lait.Geelong meeting to opposo Dauntless, Tho. Corsair, and Beehuntcr, in the Saplings. He was entered in Mr. J. A. Hunter's naine, and Morruon was entrusted with tbe mount. Notwith standing that the formidable Dauntless was saddled and in tip-top form, tbo friends, of Mainstay took .'4' to' 1 about their prcUgt; and though the favourite won protty much' as he liked,, Moinstay; ran home a good , colt, and made a ' show ? of both Beehunter^ and The Corsair. On the third day of tho 'meeting, with 5st 61b on him, he was sent against Flying Buck for tho Town Plate,! threo mllesybut tho experiment. turned out a wretched failure, as tho two-yr-old hot only bolted insido a post, at the first turn,, but was unablo to pace with the champion when the two again came into close quarters at about a milo and a quarter. I must not forgot, bowever, that the light weight completely ran himself out in his at tempt to catch his opponent, and that when he did get within a length or so of him he was completely pumped out. Mainstay was pulled up . whon it was found that he had not tbo ghost of a chance, and tho «-*»-ft MuiBuca ura juurnuy ttiuuo. iur* i^ortu tuen.toolc his young charge to Bumnyong, where Pipeon Too beat him for the Maiden Plato; and it was in tho Consolation Stakes at that tryst that my lord gained his only vic tory; in that littlu skirmish the amount of the prlzo being below twenty pounds, he defeated Hopping Jack and Dolly, and deprived himsolf of tho prlvilego of claiming tho nllowanco of 21b conceded to maidens in tho Sydney Champion Sweepstakes. Towards the end of April a wealthy resident nearGeelong conceived the ideaof sending Mainstay for tho great race ; and bavins arranged so far with Jlr. Forth that the colt might g» to Syduoy, conferred with Mr, Coletnan on the subject, and with that worthy went, into the pounds, shillings, and pence difllculty. The result of their tele a- Me was that Mainstay was sent to Flemlngton, and after ho had been in Mr. Coleman's hands for a few. days, he tried him over three miles with tho best three horses he had in his stable ; and so satisfied wcro not only the trainer, but also all who saw the trial, that it was at onco deter mined to nominate Mainstay for tho great event. ' Ero this, so littlo did the ring believe that any person would huyo tho temerity to enter such an outsider as Mainstay, that extravagant odds wero offered agtinst him, and I know ono person who was lucky enough to tako a thousand to ten about him. Smco thon he has gone up in tbo market, a good bit of money having been got on at from 20 to 1 to 100 to 8, and I question now whether 19 to 1 lo money could bo obtained from a good mark.. By tho Itangatlra, which left this a few weeks back, he was shipped for Sydney, and thithor ho arrived, without meet ing with any mishap, en the evening of tho Queon's birthday. He ie mow safely housed and at work under tho care of Joo Carter and littlo Bj-an, and Mr. Colo nan returned to Melbourno on Tuesday last by tbe City of cSydney ? ' SDMMAIIY OF MAINSTAT'h rnnpoitMAKOEB. As a two-yr-old bo won.— ? llunlnyong Consolation SUlccs ? £U Mainstay has started four times, lias won onco, and has lost tbreo times. VOLTIGEUR. 