Melbou h ft e , B T EE.ECTHIC TEtEGRArH, J M-otii oXir oiwi Correspondent. Friday eveirng". | liegistatjvb Assembly. f KSr.. McCulloch gavie notice that on the 3"<i of February he should introduce la* Bill tor repenl- the 53rd clause'of tlie Constitution Ac v. Messrs: Duffv and CTHea'gatfe notice -that' tb»y w«.uld introduce amendments .in tHe Land Bill in committee, which jthey did not specify. The Import from tHe Select Ccta mi tee, recoroirendina; the ICyneton de viation, was-brought up. The House w now discussing the Estimates. The'chief medical officer's salary was reduced to £800 last nigh", and the House divided aga:n on the same item to-night. The reduction | I bein^ affirmed,;the Estimates' are pro• receding- slowly. ' — I Church-of England.—The ftevl Mr.-Howard the new Iucumbent oi Beechworth has arrived,, ami will we "understnid officia e on- to- morrow (Sunday). Accidknt.—On Tnorsdby oitjlit an un'ortunate miner was brought into'tlie HoBpict.l iroia the Indigo,, his back having been broken by a large .quantity of earth falling upon hiair Accident.—A carter whilst proceed- with his dray down the La Serena Hill, unfortunately missed his footing and fell, the wheel of the dray passed over one of his arms and smashed it. He was brought into the Hospital by Mr. French, and the limb was set. Thb Argus.—Our contemporary in general acknowledges the source of the information it gathers when that infor matibn'ia taken from local papers, but in the'extract wo i ive irom Li* columns a mistake has occurred wilfully or un wittin»ly, ias he cooies from the Ovens and Mnrrag Advertiser word for won), and tives as his authority the Consti tution. The annexed paragraph ap« peared in this journal and not tbe Constitution. "Some very promising new ground has been opened on the road trom Beechworth to the Indigo, and with such manifest auriferous indi 1 cation? that, according to the Comtitu. Hon, tha miners there are confideri ot having hit upon a second Woolshed." Can't do it Himself, Falls back on his Bio Brother.—The followin."-. i paragraph emanating from Gamp-street appears in the Age :—Bowman's Forest^ in the Ovens district, is at last promis ingto become a remunerative gold-field. The Beechworth papers make a great deal of the fact, but although it is more than likely that large auriferous deposits do exist there, thf florid accounts circu lated in the locality must be accepted with caution. The sinking will be depp, and the chances of hitting the gold precarious ; it will, therefore, be well to await the receipt of fuller informa tion before uiuch confidence is placed upon the present rumor. The place has been pr spected continuously for l four or five years, and this is tbe third J time it has been proclaimed of value. | About 'our or five and twenty claims j have been registered. - | N«w TNsoLVRiSTs.—Henry Jarvis, j of the Upper Yacbandandab, Ovens jlJis'rict, miner. Causes of insolvency -^-Pressure of creditors, esjiec ally the Bank of Australasia, who obtained a judgment against him for the sum of. £1,784, and issued execution thereof. Liabilities, £3,354 19s. 8d. ; assets, £2,977 15a. 6d. ; deficiency, £377 4s. 2d. Mr. Shaw. Official Assignee. Thk Ro.ad.—In the jolly, hearty coaching days of yore, though the knights of the whip fraternised exten sively, they also bad a proneness to oppose one another, but wo are per fectly sure that 'John Chinaman' never ran a four-in- h-no. in old England. John, however, has lately taken it into I his head that he can run such men as our substantial friends Thorpe & Rae off the road, but in forming that opinion he has gone slightly beyond his msrlf. The old roadsters, notwithstanding that John is cunning, will prove a trifle too much for him. We have seen a good deal of opposition in coaching matters and never yet yielded the palm, and ^e feel very sure *.h?t John must quickly succumb to tie energy of such chariot . eers as those who conduct the ddly line between Beechworth and Chilurn. Thorpe & Rae have star ed a coach for the especial conveyance of Chinamen to , and from the Indigo, and aluost in1' ; credible as the fact may appear, John has actually had the audacity to attempt a race with them with an almost broken down cart. Oh .for the ghost of a J oe Walton or a Knobby Everett to rise from their graves and comfort these Mongolians; but these poor fellows having gone to their last home, Billy Thorpe and George Rae take their places, and the renowned Tommy assists them to prove to the Chinamen that at coaching they are no match .for those who h*.il from the Island that John Bull inhabits. Hirrah for the road. Allright. 