THE WOMAN IM'CtREY.-A ' OBIMEAI* EPISODE. The barrea plateau, ob Which'tho allied armies, were encamped; befoi ó Sebastopol, wai 'páthralty rEuggée(ÍT'á'uf many,, superstitious fancita among tho troops., The bot! lying teutinel,,' with his oye at tho utteruiokt degree of tension,' to detect some crouching spy; eventually saw i imaginary, form? around "him','abd the darkness beca'rao jpcopUd wlt|b'.tbó denizens of another Vorld.. Many stories ¡of ghostly manifestations weto current, veiy fo.7 of them ) possesing any other fiundittion than tho. imaginary funcy ji f the credulous soldier; "but'lhero nra one'i.r two > uthea ,tickled stories of ghosts, one if which 1 will tell here, as I heard it froui.lho lips of an ofiicor of ah Irish régiment,,' who was'conversant with all tho details. ,'A soldier, ^oh hoing relieved from , guard ..one" .wintor's. night, swm'e stoutly that ho had been haunted during the : wbolo pejiod of duty by a woman in groy, who made signals, to bim,' which' he, good Catholic,as ha! waa, da [cliuud" to' follow..',; .He" waa. liiughoJ at.;, but. whèn.tho sentry on duty the host'night told tho sumo story, "tba. most incredulous began to believe. When a' week had passed away, end each .'hight. ibo .sam ü occui renco?' h ip pened, the regiment was so infected with alarm, that the o.ip'.aih of tbo day thought it high' time to Interfere. ,Uut this purpose he summoned tb his counsels orló Patrick; Leary, a color sergeant,' who was popularly suppoted to' fear neither man nor devil. The captain-Isn't tho non commhsloned officer a rovo'ver, bidding him Uro if ho found it absolutely nooei-sary, but.to do his best to capture [ibo woman alive Mr Hat took a hearty drain of tam and went, on sentrygo, mach to the relit! of tho mon ;warned for that'night's duty. ', ? : It was adaik inisÇy. night when-Pat commenced his duty round; ¿nd it was enough to make ¿ny maa. feel uncom- fortable. The gallant Pat, however, so long as tho effect of the rum lasted, whistled "tho" . Night pa,which Larry waa stretched' iotto, voe«, tt imped'bis feet to restoro tho chilled circulation. Somehow cr another, though' ho began to grow very lonely, and almost, wished that tho ghost;would come if only to beer lura 'company.' V'His .wistos wire Boon fulfilled, for hearing' äslight 'sound; and Iraising hi's ntio to hid shoulder, ho, saw a dusky form gibbering nt him in 'tho' diitanco!,'. Pat ' began, .to ' robping »od . mowing" id reply, »nd the woman apparently en ,cooruged by this, drow noaier. Pat laid his Qre'ock on tue ground, as if to encourage tho other, bnt pieced his hLnd. caiofully on his revolver. ' There was nothing .ike .being prepared; but if it woio a woman-Ibo thought fairly turned tho honest sergeant's mind. ' Ere long,">tho figure approached so noir, that fáfw'uaeriabled to chair, aengo- ,'.??' '' . : ?'?'.?.;:. - j ; i " Who goes thero f i " A fricad J" the stranger replied, ia ti musical, though foreign voice. ' ?" .' / ? , " , " Advncce friend, and glvo tho countersign," tho aer-" gcant mechanically «aid. ; Just as tho figaro'approached Pat, .'the. moon broko cut" '(rom behind a cloud, and enabled' him'to, see the w.ïmiin'a' features. Tho most, astounding, thing was the Immense gre; beard'tho'figure wore; Pat, as a tra; ellcr, was ac- customed to strange eights, but thia turpajsod alL lu a eecend, though, the troth flashed upon him,'and he 'ianda read; for action. ... j " Cums hero, my darlint," Pat said,' artfully, but the woman did not seem inclined to obey. The moonlight had ovidtntly destroyed the etrkogor's calculations. ' She! fell baca a step or, two, and vtheil tamed' to Hy. 'Eut lt was too late ; Pct was after her with a tiger's, bound, and 1'mpeded by ber petticoats, tho, stumbled, and nearly, foll, na eecond, however,* she 'recoven!;', and turned to tho sergeant wita a most uncomfortable-looking yataghan.' ' i " Tear an ouos," tho sargeant shunted,' <. tho woman's the devil. I can siuud nada, but "those are rather too, sharp." i A low mockicg'lau'gh burst from the stranger's Hps, a» he tríd to got'bb tween Kat" and his'musket lint ibo sor-, géant was pn"h°8_.guard ¡. pretending to. fly, ho maqagod to boar down within the grasp of the woman,'and caught at her cápate/ The next moment tba yatagan had pasted through the fleshy part, of bis arm,,, but he did not relax his hold.- Ho grappled .'with the stranger, hut meeting Hvith an unexpected resistance, ,ho 'drow bis.revolver. Tho stranger clutched at it with; a frantic energy, and a terrible struggle ens ned.', which terminated by. the pistol suddenly oxploding ; ,nod the stranger fell t i tho ground w itli n groun, while Pat," weakened, by the loss.ol blood, foilowid the .exnmplp." 'Tho. quartor-guard, aroused by tho. shot soon harried up to .the .spot,' and. both were torno into'camp..' .The stranger! was placed in n hut ¿nd a surgeon fete hud,' and it w*.s. evident that the ghost in tho grey,was p. fini looking, old man.. He was, however, declared to bo in a very. dangeroua state, for tho.ball had pssscd through his lungs., ilia condition was .explained to bun, and'ho told'his story readily enuugb. . His name was Constantino' and he was by birth,a Polo. Having bean cngsgud in tho revolution of 1831, bo was tared trom death that foll to the lot of his comrades,' to ¿adare a worse futo. He and his family Were transferred to Kus3ia,.and ho was forced to perform tho moat degrad- ing duties in.the secret polico. ' For tweoty-tlirea years he had endured the l.umilimion,,for the Biko bf his wife ¿nd child,- but be little reckoned "whit wes ia Mora for him. . When the war' with thei lillies becamo imminent; ho was ordered with his"family tV Sebastopol, for Ito 'was a perfect French and German ucholrtr ; and when the cara ¡ paign commenced,; he'was.-compelled to' risk: hiä lifo nighty, by going out to s^y the progress the enemy "made. Death etared.hun in tho.faco-either way ; if he refused, I the sontenee paised.npoa him at Warsaw still.romnined in ' force, .while,, if be obeyed, ho was in hourly risk of .detec- tion. Why hot doscrt, you will ask?, but the Kassian pa-" lice.were Álacbiavels.. His daughter liudjiiH, a ljvoly girl pf three and twenty, was' tak en into tho Governor's houie, ostensibly to ( r'otoct her' from the .horrors' of the feige ; but Cor stan tino wns given fully to understand tbat.hor lifo depended on' his fidelity. "'The' poor father was sorely distracted j ' his. hatred of tho 'Kaplans was counterbalanced hy his love "for bis'daughter, tho only treaitire he posjoi.sed in the; world, for his wife had soc-, i aumbed.uader the privations abd", expo: ure of à' winter' ! j nr ney across the steppos..' Need 1 say .that tho fallier' j triumphed over the' man ?' ' 'Constantine was' a "nightly Visitor to our lines, and by the cleverness with, which' he ' played the; character of a French or English linesman", long eacapod'detection. ; At length, a dreadful,ordeal waa,offered him,; he waa, told that,.if he cjuld inly induco an.Kngliah -soldior to der j t,;ort,.lcom: whom, 'some valaable information might bo ob» tained, hià Éehtènco vro.uld.be reversed, and ho would b j free to go. whoro, he pleased with hie daughter Mad- dened with the. th, ugh t of /reodom, Constantine, attired > .tjimselt in a feminine garb, boping thus to attract .some Eonticet from bia post, lu,fact, it grew a mon .maui» with Constantino thai ho meist catch a diriton. alive ; but, un tortunatcly, in sergeant. Leary he caught a tartar. 8neh was tho Btory ho told, and'whioh nronsod 'eonsi . deruble interest among the,hj<arora. ; It reached tho ojrs of Ijord ,li<glah bimsolf, who'. Visited t'he. priiip.our, and. bade him' bo of, good, cheer ¡ ho, harm. cou,|d b'efàl him. But .Ooofthntinb shook 'his head ,eadly,'¡ pif what value. was ''life' to him now.'whon.'he'waa' Separated from his liudoxU ?, ... , - , .... ' . . I ñocd~n< t say that every kiridne's) wn's'.shbwp 'thb poor . fellow, ¿nd the doctors vied", with bach "gthór'ia.thsir at toution "to him." 'Brit there, was' little chancó bf'.saving bim, l'hq wretched,o'ouloViLhall .was nppnreutly imbed I dod ' in his backbone, dad th'are was no ' prospect of .moving.it., ., v ".,.., , ... j ! Purdori. 'rcador, such' a oommoo-ploco 'story, -but the* . eud'U 'n'ot yet. '»' : > Two .days .later,. Serjeant-Leary, .who.bad-bound his flesh, wound , ujj, «nd, laughod, at it, .was at work in; the , front parallel. ; Ho was sitting in tbp trench, smoking ri very dirty ebor't.pipo, sind/ growling, inwnrdly, whon.his wound gave bim-a twitoh. , It was a,lovely night, and double,,cautioti.,had.to bo."cxerc,i«ed, for the Bosnians yore nil alive, and' seemed shooting for a wager, at'the.< man in .tho tronches.Pat philosophically t iok off bis shako, "and placed ,it qn tho . top of the earthwork. In Ava niinutes he took it down again,: and lo I tberowere tbr'éo'-Minie balls through it.-. ; ; . ,t, ' : ,,. ' r:r~ , WhWrab I" said Pa't, as'ho .comically iinrvoyed the! damage, " here's a patent. .veritiliator.''. ... - ...).,..> I " Lucky for you, Serjeant 'Leary," a young' ensign rev marked, " that jour hoad wasn'tia.it. , , .'. 1 "Arrab, yer honor, and do "you suppose those dirty bullets would go tbrough'my bead "lt is all. very essy with a regulation shako, for wo .know what th'a't is made ol; but an Irishman s beni is formed of stronger matotikls. .. .... ... , .. . p f V¿. i , 'i A suppressed laugh ran along tho trenches, but Pat was not at all put Out. ' .' .> ,', .'., ., . ¿ '.', : "Biys," he remarked, with solemn pathos, since 'tha unlucky day 1 landed.ia lb s filthy oountry, not a night bad passed that 1 haven't put'at joast a'ptnt of.bád spirits into this earea w. bf mibe, und' there.,Ja. hot a maa among j ou faq Bay ho bas ¡seen mo tho worse for it. ' It wants a partydalaent hoad to stand tba. raki we get.up.horo, fur it wculd take" tho roof bf a homo ; so I think.my hoad is safe against a ball sent by Husiiaa powder. ' Ililloh 1 what's tliuir game, I wonder.. The mon jumped np Involuntarily, for rthe firing from,j tho tiUBslan guns had grown tremendous. Forgutiing nil . caution, thoy sprang on tho breastwork, naturally, sop-., posing that tbo enemy meditated a sortie, "Thoy; wore in perfect tbfoty, líoworor ¡ all tho bülíctB were ul present ,'dirêctcd'nt singlo figure, which was 'oro'sslifg tho ôpèhius»*. at. frantic. speed .Oar .men cheered .heartily, as tho' 'stranger passed on, nttorly .rookies upon tho shower of naJ,.Hiid,fomo two or three, fellows, Leary at their hoad;, rushed but to° roscoe him. Groat was tba sergeant's sar-, prise though 'when ho recognised in tho strangor tho, U'oui.n in Orcy, Bat ¡here w&s;° no time for inquiry. Thc Kasílnm had oponed all tbolr battorics, cs if dis abated afoot .bringing down their victim; anet for sm hoar tho Tory earth) shook With''tho ' vibrátil^. Suddenly the' Aro died away; as wo'did not condojcehd to reply'tb it: the mojn'retired behind á eland in disgust, and there waa silence for thefrost of the night. ', ' In the meanwhile Serjeant :I>iry' had cohyicdod him ' self that this Mr Jones was hot''that 'Mr' Jonesi' ths' str'ángór, instead'of wielding a yatnghnn.'eth'plojod *,' far' mora dan'ge't ou»; weapon in a pair of the'muBt lovely ó) es eversden .Then in a most sidao;ivb*vi:-Ioö (f,'ea>y sworo Bf erwurds that bo understood ev'érjr wo'rd.'but don't be lio vu him), she asked ofter her father's* welford She spoke; lo 'French, and, rit any rate, tho officer of tb'a'walch'com prehVrided her, and.sent a party with her .at 'óhcó'to hoad quarters. , ' Lord ttiglan no sooner hoard of tho ho.-uism ehe had dh play ed in order tb join her lither, than he gave ' directions that abo'should-be .trolled with' all possible ' kindness, and have fros'access to tho prisoner.' lier pre-.' sance was better than all tho'doctor's st nfl io Constan tino» he rapidly recovorcd, bat Eudoxla's duiios wera hot'oior then. ' By some staph! mistake Leary msna^ed to ran his renowned head against a .Minio ball, which sadly ir jared his personal appearance, and-for soma rotson or another Kudoxia insisted -on nursing him. ' It may- bo that-his re- peated visit* to her fither had touched her heart; bat what do I know? All that I- know is, that I noried seijeant Leary's youngest girl the other doy, when I wont lu foran banco, of tobacco at a shop not a hundred milos from Leicester Square, and-wai requested to: wait and seo Father Constantine, who has a very comfortable epg.-igo-' mont as interpreter at one of our polieo courts. With him I smoked a refreshing pipa,and-ho.confirmed' all tho do-' tails of 'ho story I now lay before tho reader. ' ' '. ' 