jTHE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILI.) pnoaiinssioN, ODB BIGHTS, aw OUB bisocbobb. SANDHURST, THURSDAY, AUGUST 0, I860. MINISTERS IN THE SLUDGE. Familiaiily illustrated, the position of the Go vernment much resembles that of a rash adveu- | turcr Buddcnly immersed in sludge. The plunge is bold and easy, but, revocuro gradum-there lies tho difficult}'. To advance, is simply to sink deeper into the mire; to return, 'is dragging along step by step through an unknown depth of mud; and what a spectacle for beholders, even if once again on solid ground. Hesmeared from head to foot, what can subdue the ridicule with which spectators regard the shooking plight of such luckless adventurers ? The one false step of Mr. Nicholson has been fatal to his administration. It will be folly to disguise that public confidence has been recklessly shattered. Pledged haitily to a course he finds it impossible to pursue, he can neither advance nor retreat with good grace ; while to retain his position and do nothing will be most humiliating of all. Nobody who has crawled out of the sludge, if not altogether callous to appearances, will voluntarily stand still to bear the gibes and jests of a crowd. The history of the threatened coup d'etat, since our last notice,thas added much to the minis terial difiiculty. Mr. Follows proposed the appointmeut of a separate committee from cach House to considar the disputed points.of the Land Hill.- Upon this, Mr. Bennett proposed an amendment, declining to enter into any negocia tion, or consider any compromise, until Ministers had withdrawn their threat of ooorcion, and declared that no steps should be taken in respect 'to the Land Bill without the concurrence of both branches of the Legislature. Notwithstanding the arrogant tone of defiance adopted only a week since, Mr. Fellows, on behalf of the Government, recanted in the most submissivo style by de claring that the Government would not aot upon Orders in Council without the consent of the Upper House ! Let any-intelligent reader reflect for an instant upon the position in which the Government is thus placed. The proposed recourse to the Orders in Council was held out as a- threatening alternative to influence the Council. That body resented the attempt, and justly denounced the proceeding as arbitrary and unconstitutional. They returned a smarter blow than they received, and behold, what meekness it produces. "I in tend to hit you" was the pugnacious attitude of ministers. Their feeble effort- having been resented by a firm resistance, down goes Mr. Fellows ou his knees, exclaiming " Let me off; I will do as you bid. Now shake hands." From a threat of compulsion, the change to humilia ting retractation has been Buddi'n and complete. As usual, too, the penitents gain nothing, and the apologetic course they propose ie one of such egregious absurdity, as to deserve nothing but an expression of contempt for imbecility. If the Orders in Council were intended to terrify the Upper House, what can be expected by asking that honorable body whether it will consent to be terrified? If compulsion was to be aohieved by a threat, what iB the meaning .of asking the Council to be a party to the threat ? Children, may be fright ened at ghosts of their own manufacture, and for Ministers to ask the Couuoil to assist them in dressing up a bogie intended specially for its alarm, seems like going back to the nursery rather than appealing to a deliberative assembly of men. In short, the Council has carried its point, and the concession of Mr. Fellows is equivalent to an abandonment of that blundering polioy which has covered the Government with disgrace. But how to retreat or to rocover their lost position ? There is the Assembly yet to be dealt with. Wo pointed out only a few days since the certain consequences of-this one false step. A whole sequence of defeats and difficul ties has yet to follow. The loudest to applaud the error will now become the hottest opponents of those who abandon it, while Ministers have already alienated the support of their more respectable adherents. Duffy and tho Corner are already indignant, while 011 the Ministerial side of the House confidence no longer exists. Mr. Nicholson has attempted a victory over his own army, by enlisting support from the ranks of his opponents, and they in their turn will desert. If, designedly, the Premier had plotted the downfall of his Government he could not more ingeniously have contrived a series of blunders for that purpose. The last step will be found recorded in a telegraphic message of yesterday, and it adds another to the humiliating features of this most eventful history. In consequenco of what occurred in the Council, as briefly stated above, Mr. Francis and Mr. Service, two members of the Ministry, have resigned I Deserted by his old soldiers, threatened by his new rocruits, aban doned by his generals, what has the Commander in-Chief to do but to resign his post also ? Does Mr. Nicholson suppose that the resignation of his two colleagues, no matter what their individual responsibility may be, will meet (he exigency of the ease 1 The Premier himself adoptod the polioy of his Cabinet, rrh'ich Mr, Service declared to be unanimous on the subject. lie listened approvingly to Mr. Service's indiscreet announce ment of that polioy in the Assembly, and ao cepted, we have no doubt with feelings of triumph, the plaudits of his friendly adversaries in the Corner. . He avowed himself favor, able to enforcing tlio Orders in Council, replied warmly to those who opposed that policy, and evinced more than ordinary resolution in its defence. /*re we now to understand that in getting rid of Mr, Fraucis and Air. Service, wo get rid of the policy like wise, but still retain JUr. Nicholson? In all honesty, the hsad of the Government shares in the responsibility of his colleagues, and honor permit* no course but that of standing or falling together. Tha future may present difficulties, but let them be confronted boldly rather than endure that wretched incompetence on ths part, of ministers which seems to hesitate at'no sacrifice either of constitutional principle* or of self-respect in attempting to crawl out of the difficulties they have needlessly thrown around themselves. 