LOSSES OF LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICES THROUGH THE INDIAN MUTINY. (From Our Reporter.) JBuiiKE said he had known statesmen who acted like pedlars, and merchants who had performed exploits that would have distinguished statesmen show, the Government has allotted £1,000,000 for the compensation of those damnified, in a pecuniary sense, ' by the horrible Indian mutiny. It seems, however, that the authorities have got, somehow or other, iron pressed with the notion-not a very benevolent or a very sensible idea that the assurance companies that have sustained heavy losses by the mutiny, and paid the claims upon them to the uttermost farthing, have SO claim whatever upon this fund for compensation ! Theirs is a business of undefined and general risk. 1 portions, therefore, the Indian massacre was simply an ordinary risk within the scope of their calculations, and heavy as have been the calls upon the funds of these life companies, still they must bear the burden and sigh not. An cosy argument truly, and if it is to prevail with the Indian authorities to the exclusion of those companies from any participation, however small, in this large sum of money, we shall be inclined to think, with the great orator, that the Indian Government is disposed to act towards these great provident institutions more in the spirit of pedlars than statesmen ! A minute issued by the Indian Government defines the process of adjudication that shall be followed in the settlement of the claims of such as the authorities deem entitled to compensation out of this fund. A distinction is to be drawn between property of au im lovable nature and that which, if means for the purpose had been at hand, could have been transferred i to a place of safety ; the former class to receive one half of the amount of their losses, those of the latter class one-third. "We do not suppose any of the assurance companies \- who are memorialising for compensation would receive, in settlement, one-half, or even one-third of their actual losses by the munity for they are doubtless disposed to act as only becomes them when dealing with the dreadful events of so great a national disaster us the mutiny of a whole province. But, certainly, when they are put altogether out of court by the sweeping resolution fulminated by the Secretary of State for India, and duly chronicled afar in the Gazette Extraordinary, at Calcutta, on the 29 th of October last, it is only right they should be heard in order to demonstrate that they have a far better right to be included among the classes to be compensated then all the rest ! Here is the rule to which we refer : " Her Majesty's Government cannot admit that there is any ground for the claims put forward by firms or individuals for losses of profits which, but for the mutiny, might have been realised, or by insurance offices for the loss of premiums through the death of persons whose lives had been assured." This a very curious doctrine, and those who framed it really could hardly have known what they were about when they made so vile a use of the English language. Surely no ghost from the grave is required to explain the wide distinction there is between the profits or good-will of a trader and the losses of an assurance company. A freak of nature in the shape of foul weather may render Cremorne-gardens less frequented and less profitable one evening than the balmy night before ; but if a picquet of the Grenadier Guards love their carbines, loaded with ball, at the ladies and gentlemen polkaing or schottisching round the orchestral Chinese pagoda, and kill twenty of them, and five were assured, would the companies not be entitled to compensation from the Crown for the murders committed by its paid red-coated servants ? Assuredly. So it was in the Indian mutiny. In an unsuspecting moment the hired servants of the State, paid for the protection of life and property, butchered a host of innocent people, some of whose lives happened to be assured, and the companies who had been the assurers were necessarily called upon to disburse large sums of money. "Will anybody, will even the directors of the Indian board, say that such risks as are involved in the mutiny of a whole country, with a population of 300,000,000 of people, ever, for a moment, entered into the calculation of the risks entertained by these life companies that have been so largely mulcted of their funds ? A merchant or trader might have hoped to have cleared large profits during the very period of the mutiny, but as the, disaster supervened, his sanguine anticipations were never realised. Jle could not, getting some portion of his actual property restored, expect compensation for an imaginary loss. He is to be pitied for the loss of his anticipated gains, but must, perforce, make the best of a bad job. But assurance companies did not merely lose the premiums through the death of the persons whose lives had been assured, but their risks, large in amount, as compared with these premiums, were brought at once, and by ruthless hands, to an immediate issue, and instead of merely losing the current premiums by the mutiny, they had to sustain, in addition, enormous losses by the settlement of an unwonted, an unmeasured, and an unanticipated amount of claims. It is true the companies lost no actual property, but the risks they had on the lives of persons who fell in the mutiny, claims so, cruelly forestalled, were essentially of the nature of property. Indeed, in no other light can these losses be viewed. Had the companies lost no more than the current premiums on the lives assured, they would not have murmured, but the result was, an avalanche of claims that never entered at all into the calculation of the risks. Assurance companies are little or nothing to the State. They have gone on the " even tenor of their way," occasionally patronised, and flattered, and chartered by the Government, but for all useful, practicable, and profitable purposes, they have had to light their own battle of life, and fame, and fortune too. Let epidemics or endemics come when they may, triennially, quinquennially, or ten times in a century, and they will meet and pay to the uttermost farthing every obligation that such calamities may settle upon them. Sr.DtjCTioN AND REVENGE. Three weeks ago (says the Bombay Gazette) the officers of the 14th Light Dragoons assembled at Kirkee to present a silver tea service to Serjeant-Major Hunt, who was for 13 years in that regiment, " in testimony of his zealous and faithful services as mess serjeant during a period of 14 years." It may be imagined with what feelings of honest pride and gratification Mr. Hunt received from the hand of Colonel Scudamore this tribute to his estimable qualities and exemplary character, for he could not have dreamt at that time that one of those very officers who offered him their " good wishes for his future welfare and success" would, before two weeks had passed be denounced and justly punished by him as the dishonouring of his home, and the destroyer of his happiness. unacquainted, even by reputation, before the sad event occurred which has startled Bombay and Poona from their propriety, with either Mr. Hunt or Cornet Browne, all that we hear from day to day of the former gentleman convinces us that the expressions of praise raised by the colonel of the 14th in speak- ing of his conduct were not misapplied, and that the ex-sergeant major throughout both his military and civil career was a worthy member of society. Of Comet Browne nothing is said. He was, of course, in virtue of his position as an officer, entitled to rank ate a gentleman and this probably, was the attraction which made him superior to her husband in the eyes of Mrs. Hunt. Accustomed for many years to regard the commissioned officers of the regiment as belonging to a higher class than her own, the wife of the chief partner in the mercantile house of Hunt, Manner, and Co., could not shake off the remembrance of former days, or resist the impression that the wife of one who had been a sergeant ought to feel flattered by the attentions of a Comet. Mr. Hunt, it seems, had in- tercepted a letter which proved clearly his wife's guilt. He went to his house, took a loaded pistol, and proceeded to Browne's bungalow at Kirkee with the letter in his hand. Mr. Hunt accosted the man, and asked him if he could deny what had happened. The reply of this officer, who seems not even to have had the manliness to attempt a defence of his victim's reputa- tion, was a jeering laugh and a light confession that he had committed the crime of which he was accused. Mr. Hunt then called upon the cornet to give him such satisfaction as a duel could afford for his wounded honour. Again the? only answer was a smile of mockery and derision, andan intimutienthatit would be beneath the dignity of this wretched seducer to light with one who had been a private soldier. On this Mr. Hunt, still keeping a marvellous calmness, remarked that Corner Browne forgot that the man he had injured was no longer a sergeant-major in the 11th Dragoons, but a partner in a mercantile house, who by the usages of society was entitled to the consideration due to a gentleman. The cornet again treated his questions with the supercilious insolence he had displayed throughout the interview; and Mr. Hunt, his patience exhausted, said " Your blood, then, be upon your own head,"" and raising a pistol, shot at, and wounded him, but not mortally, Mr. Hunt has since been tried for shooting, with intent to kill Comet W. S. Browne. The jury returned a verdict of guilty of shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm," accompanied with a very strong recommenda- tion to mercy. The court stated its full concurrence with the jury, and sentenced Mr. Hunt to one years' imprisonment, and a week's solitary confinement every three months of the period. 