Latest European Extracts. A GHOST STOTY.—For three weeks or a montH the family of Mr. Martin, Ashford- road, Kent, had been disturbed by mysterious ringings of the door bell, violent shaking of the doors, and divers other annoyances, the perpetrators of which no vigilance could detect, and to which no clue could be obtained. The family consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Martin, their son, and a young man of about 29, another son (an invalid) some years younger, and one female servant. The servant was a staid, demure sort of per- son, not given to go out over much ; she had no followers, had two years' character from her last place, and was so much respected and trusted by her mistress that in the summer, when the family went to the sea-side, she had sole charge of the house. The family were of re- gular habits, and kept early hours, and the whole thing was inexplicable. The effect, however, on the health of Mrs. Martin and her invalid son began to be serious, and the aid of the police was called. For some time a policeman was almost constantly in the house, but al- though the disturbances did not take place while he was there, lie had never left many minutes before the bells were again rung, and the doors again shaken as violently as over. At length, on a Sunday evening, Mr. Maloney placed Sergeant Fen there tone and a cordon of police all round the house. The police man on the premises left about 9 o'clock. In 20 minutes after the buck door was shaken violently ; there was no one within the cordon, and it was at once proved that the ghost was within the house. The police quietly departed, mid Featherstone, having instituted inquiries, found that the servant girl, under a steady and oven to religious character, had long carried on a most flagrant and profligate career. On being charged with the perpetration of these abomin- able tricks, she, after some hesitation, confessed her guilt, and that some of the fellows who visited her having come at such hours of the evening as rendered it likely that a discovery would be made, she had invented these noises and pre- tended alarms from robbers in order to prevent suspicion falling upon herself. Footmarks in the garden which had seemed to confirm her tales had been made, unobserved, by herself ; and the boldness, coolness, and dexterity with which she long deceived everybody was certainly remarkable. The girl was dis- missed—it being doubtful whether any charge against her could be entertained by the magistrates-and her wages paid to her relatives here on condition that she was at once sent home to her parents. —Maidstone Journal. MR. BRUNEL—The London Guar- dian,' in an article on the late Mr. Brunel, gives the following among the anecdotes which are current of his bold- ness and presence of mind:—" On one occasion he was crossing in a basket which Borne years ago hung from a rope stretched from rock to rock, answering the purpose of a suspension-bridge across the Avon to Clifton. Some hitch oc- curred in tho tackling, and the basket remained fixed in the middle, swinging frightfully over tho river some 300 feet below. Brunel coolly climbed the rope, disengaged the knots, and was drawn back in safety." Audacity was one leading feature of Brunel's engineering character. An anecdote is related which illustrates this strikingly. Brunel held views in contradiction to those of his bre- thren, as to the employment of a peculiar kind of Roman cement in railway bridge building. Other engineers objected to its use, as it hardened to fast to allow the work to setlle properly. Not so Brunel. Trusting to his own view, he used this mortar in one of the first large bridges constructed by them for the Great Western line. It fell soon after its erection. Brunel entered the room where the directors were assembled in discomfited conclave, to discuss the acci- dent. " I congratulate you gentlemen, on the fall of bridge," was Brunel's entry on the subject. " Congratulate us ? on an accident involving disaster and the losa of £—?" was the angry and amazed rejoinder. " Certainly, " said Brunel coolly, " I was just' about to put up 200 bridges on the same prin- ciple." THE END OF A ROYAL RACE. Sir Bernard Burke, in his new book, " Vicissitudes of Families," says : " What race in Europe surpassed in royal position, porsonal achievement, or romantic adventure, our Platagenets, equally wise as valiant, no less renowned in the cabinet then in the field ? Yet, as late as 1837 the great grandson of Margaret Plantagenet, herself daughter and heir of George Duke of Clarence, was following the Cobbler craft at Newport, in Shropshire. Among the lineal de- scendants of Edmund Woodstock, Earl of Kent, son of Edward the First, en- titled to quarter the royal arms, occur a butcher and a toll-gatherer, the first a Mr. Joseph Smart, of Hales Owen (Salop), the latter Mr. G. Wymot, keeper of the turnpike-gate, Cooper's Bank, Dudley. Among descendants of Thomas Planta- genet, Duke of Gloucester, son of Ed- ward the III., we discover Mr. Penny, late sexton at St. George's Hanover square—a strange descent from sword and sceptre to spade and pick." A NOVEL INVENTION.—Mr. John E. Cannon, an American, has just ob- tained a patent for glass coffins. The in- vention seems to be a very valuable one, and we attempt to briefly describe it. The coffin is made of glass, from one half to an inch thick, cast in two pieces of the ordinary form. In the upper edge of the body of the coffin is a grove, in which a tongue in the lid loosely fits. When a corpse is placed in the coffin, this grove is filled with melted cement; the lid is placed on and firmly held by three iron bands until the cement is hardened. Through a small hole in the top of the coffin theo air is then extracted by means of an air pump. By these means Mr. Cannon claims that bodies may be preserved in their natural state for all time to come, and when placed in vaults, can always be accessible to the gaze of those who are left behind. The expense of these coffins will be no more than that of ordinary wooden coffins, and if the expectations of the inventor are realised so far as the preservation of the coffin is concerned, they will immediately come in general use, and Mr. Cannon will realise a magnificent fortune. SUPERIORITY OF FEMALE EVIDENCE. At the late Liverpool assizes, Mr. Ruasell, one of the barristers engaged in u case which involved some peculiar and interesting female evidence, observed : "The evidence of women is, in some respects, superior to that of man. Their power of judging of minute details is better, and where there are more than two facts and something be wanting they supply the deficiency. Wherever there is room for their imagination, which is more powerful and active than that of man, they immediately bridge the thing over and supply the gap." EXTENSIVE FIRE AND LOSS OP LIFE AT BELFAST.—A calamitous fire occurred on the 22nd December in the York-street flax-spinning company's establishment, Belfast. On the morning of that day one of the steatm-boilers exploded, shooting a mass of burning coal into the carding room, and causing the ignition of every thing around. The Whig roughly esti- mates the damage at £10,000, and nearly 2,000 people will be deprived of employment. One poor fellow, who had gone to the boiler to bathe his eyes with warm water, was knocked against a stack of coals, and killed by the explosion. Several other men were seriously injured. At the inquest upon the body of the de- ceased workman, the coroner's jury ex pressed an opinion that the boiler, having been at work for seventeen years, was unfit for the work at, which it was kept. Two more of the sufferers have died from the injuries they received. A SINGULAR MEETING.—A meet- ing of four ancients took place, at a tea party in the house of a gentleman near to the village of Torrnnce of Campsie, whoso united ages amount to 356 years. There several ages are as follows:— Widow lady, 96 ; a bachelor, 88 ; widow lady, 86 ; and the youngest of the four, a spinster, also 86. The bachelor and spinster are brother and sister, and keep house together ; the two widow ladies had lived next door to each other for 40 years, and all the four live within a quarter of a mile of each other; and what is very remarkable, none of them have ever travelled beyond the boundary of the parish of Campsie except twice, and that only for a few miles. They are all in good health, and walked on foot to the party, although the roads were covered with snow and ice, and they enjoyed themselves heartily, crack- ing their jokes, and telling stories of courtship in early days. The spinster was dressed in a red woollen or dufile petticoat, worn by her grandmother on her wediling day 125 years ago. She says it has been repeatedly worn by the members of her family during the last century and a quarter, and as the gar- ment is still in excellent condition, it must originally have been made of splendid stuff—superior, we suspect, to anything found in these degenerate days of crinoline.— Glasgow Herald. A NEW " FALSE PHROPHET."—An account of a new sect in the Midland Counties is given by the Rev. J. Dare in the 14th report of the Leicester Do- mestic Mission, recently published "A new superstition was started in Nottingham by an old pensioner named Brown, who is both lame and blind. This self styled prophet professes to have re- ceived from heaven instructions to form a 'circle of twelve members,' who were convened for the first time at his house on the 19th of July last year, which day the whole members of the " Great Or- ganisation," as they term themselves, are commanded by the angel Gabriel to commemorate annually. It is the duty of the " circle' to propogate the revelations receired from heaven, and received on a scroll by Gabriel through the crystal to Brown. The crystals, which are egg shaped and of glass, are sold to enable members to procure revelations. Their leader publishes several periodical works; which the members are expected to pur- chase at a rather high price. Their doc- trines are a sad jumble of the vatcinntions of Zadkiel and Dr. Cumming, mixed up with Owenism, Socialism, Swedenborg- isin, and divination of the crystal. There are already about 100 Brownites in this town, who are very active in dissemi- nating this wretched blasphemy. The best informed amongst thorn can scarcely road, and I have seen some letters written by the prophet's amanuensis that make sad work with the simplest elements of stynax." MARRIAGE AND SUICIDE.—An in- quest was held before Mr. Edwards, coroner, at Whaplode, on the body of William Sandworth, who, in the morn- ing after his marriage, got up early and drowned himself. It appeared in evi- dence that the deceased, aged 40, was married to Mary Atkin, and that they spent the day and night at her parents' cottage in tho above village. He arose about half-past 6 on the following morn- ing, saying that he had a pain in his body. He appears, however, to have proceeded directly to a pond near the house, and drowned himself ; his boots were found under a hedge near to the pond. Mr. Samuel Sanders stated that the deceased and Mary Atkin had lived together in his service; that he had suffered very severely from fever on two occasions ; that he had frequently heard him talk wildly and incoherently ; and that he (witness) believed the mind of the poor fellow to be enfeebled and de- sponding, The jury, consisting of 16 of the neighbouring residents, were unani- mously of opinion that the fatal act was committed during temporary insanity. Verdict accordingly.—Lincoln Mercury. BURNING OF THE ROUND CHURCH. The parish church of St. Andrew's, called the Round Church, one of the finest of the old historic parish churches of Dublin, was completely burned down on Sunday, January 8. The catastrophe is contributed to the overheating of the flues in the gallery. The building, which was perfectly round, was remarkable for the peculiarity of its internal arrange- ments. There had been worship in it in the morning, and the people had barely left when the fire broke out. So rapid were its ravages that in less than an hour and an-half the magnificent roof fell in with n frightful crash, sending a terrific burst of flames upwards. Ere another hour passed the centre woodwork of the structure was consumed, and when the engines arrived thero only duty was to play upon the walls to prevent them from splitting. The church had just been re- paired, and £8000 will hardly cover the damage done. MACAULAY'S LITERARY REMAINS. I am sorry to find thatin common with those of his friends who had based their expectations rather on hopes and hints than on written papers —I have exagge- rated the amount of finished work left behind by Lord Macaulay. It was be lieved, as I stated in a former letter, that two additional volumes were nearly ready. But on closer investigation it turns out that so far from two volumes being ready not even one volume is com- pleted. In point of fact, there are not I more than four or five chapters in a state to be given to the public. It is probable that Lord Macaulay's health, for a long time past, had been such as to render him even more disinclined to continuous and trying work than his nearest con- nections were aware. They, too, like the public, had anticipated larger and more finished remains. As it is, the Post, I fear, exaggerates when it leads us to expect another volume of Macau- lay's delightful and brilliant fragment of the History of England. I see the per- sonality of the deceased historian is sworn under £80,000. His income was larger than the sum represented as the interest of the amount, from the very consider- able proceeds of his minor works, the Lays of Rome, the Essays, and Ency- clopedia articles. Of an income of about £4000, I have been not astonished, but deeply impressed by the information on unimpeachable authority—that not leas than £1500 proves to have been spent annually in acts of charity and munificent generosity. Those who best knew Macaulay must have been peculi- arly pained by the imputation of " want of heart," made against him in the obi- tuary article of the Daily News. In truth, Buch a charge could only have been made by one who did not know Macaulay, but judged him from outward acts, perhaps mis-reported, ill-explained, or misinterpreted. Macauley, with con- siderable reserve of character, combined an almost feminine susceptibility and tenderness. His intercourse with women and children showed the utmost sweet- ness of deposition, and a playfulness and affectionateness never found when heart is wanting.—London Correspon dent of the Manchester Guardian. A GOOD LANDLORD.—The actions of a good and excellent landlord should be recorded. Captain Power Lailor, D.L., of Longorchard, who has within the list few years made a large addition to his extensive property in Tipperary, by the purchase of Barnalisheen from the Earl of Carrick, gave leases to all his tenents for 999 years, at Griffith's valuation, even to the smallest holder. He distri- butes quantities of clothes, not only to his own labourers, but to the labourers who reside in Templetuohy. Mrs. Power Lalor, than whom there is not a more amiable lady, is constant also in the exercise of benevolence. Captain Power Laylor's generosity to the parish priest of his parish deserves notice. He gave him at Christmas £15, and at Easter. £10, each year; and in other respects his conduct is such as to afford a bright Christian example to his neighbourhood. —Limerick Reporter. A SMART FOX, OR A TOUGH STORY. —In a recent lecture upon his experi- ence in Arctic life, Dr. Rae said : " On the journey I saw a very curious instance of the sagacity of the Arctic fox. Con- scious that I was aiming at him, he tucked his tail under his legs, cocked up his ears, and endeavoured to look as like a hare as possible (which is an animal comparatively worthless). Another fact of this kind occurred to me whilst being detained at a particular place, where our favourite amusement was trapping wild animals. Our mode of doing this was with a spring gun connected with a bait, which, when touched, produced the ex- plosion. One instance showed us that a fox, either from observation of a com- panion's fate, or from hard-earned expe- rience, had gone up to the gun, bit off the cord connected with the bait, and the danger being averted, went and ate the meat in undisturbed comfort. And it is a common occurrence for the fox to make a trench up to the bait, seize the bait and permit the charge to pass over his head." HORRID MURDER IN FRANCE.—A murder was committed secently at Nube- court, in the Meurthe. An aged couple, named Garnier, who are possessed of some property, were seated by the fire, when a stranger entered and said that the notary of the village wished to see the man on business of importance. Gamier, not having any business with the notary, was indisposed to go, but his wise over-persuaded him, and he went out. The notary told him that he had not sent for him, and Garnier returned home greatly vexed. On his entering the house, a horrible spectacle presented itself. His wife was lying on the floor with her scull dreadfully beaten in, ap- parently by blows from a stick, and with numerous stabs in her face and throat. She was still alive, but in a minute or two after died without saying a word. The cupboards and drawers were ran sacked, and money and other valuables taken away. There is no doubt that the stranger who induced the husband to leave home was tho murderer. THE TURCO'S TUFT.—To appreciate the distinctive characteristic of the appearance —his resemblance to the American Indian—he should be seen without his turban. It is the " Ma- homet" which gives this peculiarity. The " Mahomet" is the single tuft of hair which he religiously preserves on his otherwise carefully shaven bead. It is so-called because it is consecrated to the prophet. They believe that he will take them by this tuft of hair at the hour of death to carry them to the celestial re- gions. How they must pity us poor Christians !" said a grenadier the other day, " As we have our hair cut short, the prophet will only be able to take us by the ear, and that is a very incon- venient mode of transit—I fear we have but a poor chance of being saved." 