FOOTFALLS OX THE BOUNDARY OF ANOTHER WOULD. Under tho above title, Mr. It. D. Owen, forme ly member of Congress, and American Minister to Naples, has published, iu his owii country, u vnlurrv. on Bo-i-all«d supwnaluro! reve lations and appearances. A belief in such tilings — apparently coeval with humanity itself— was thoroughly put out df countenance in tho loat century, and bus long Tieen loft to the meanest vulgar. It is now reviving, not only in America, but in this country, with, however, this mntarial difference, timt the modern proiessor ol the laith claims for it a legitimate. place 'in the universal lratno of things, nnd presents himself as seek ing for the laws under which it is regulated. Mr. Owen enters upbii^his work in this spirit. Ho collects, in the first place, narratives in volviug mystic foots which can be well authenti cated, and then end-iavors to come to soai3 general conclusion as to-' those p-irtial gloamings from the confines of another world. Ho discusses in a calid, reasoning way, the opposition to myotie subjects, which appears to rest on a syllogism : the'lawd of nature being invariable, these f.icts, ?which transcend the laws of nature, cannot be true. The proposition of Mr. On en being granted, that the facts are, not transgressions of nature's laws, but the result of some wide though unknown law, this objection maybe said to fall to the ground. Such is the philosophy of the took. A large preliminary section is devoted to the phenomena of sleep and dreaming. The author relates anew mauy of tho anec dotes formerly related by Baxter, Carlyon, and Abercrombie, and adds several which he has himself gathered from reputable sources. Of tho latter, the following strikes us as the most worthy of notice, seeing that some of the circum stances are very peculiar, and that the narrative is obtained directly from the individual concerned. V In the winter of 1835-6, a schoonar was frozen up in the upper part of the Bay of Fundy, close to Dorchester, which is nine miles from the river Peduiac. During the time of her detention, she was intrusted to the care of a gentleman of the name of Clarke, who is at this time captain of the schooner Julia Hallock, trading between New York and St. Jago de Cuba. ' Captain Clarke's paternal grandmother, Mrs. Ann Dawe Clarke, to whom he was so much at tached, was at that time living, and, so far a3 he knew, well. She was residing at Lyme-Kegis, in the county of Dorset, England. ' On the night of the 17th of February, 183G, Capt. Ciarko, then on board the schooner referred to, had a dream of so vivid a character t'lat it produced a great impression upon him. He dreamed that, being at Lyme-Regis, he saw pass before him the funeral of his grandmother. He took note of tho chief persons who composed the procession, observed who were the pall-bearers, who' were the mourners, and iii' what order they walked, and distinguished who was tho' officiating pastor. He joined the procession as it approached the churchyard gate, and proceeded with it to the grave. He thought (in his dream) that the weather was stormy, and tho ground wet, as after a heavy rain ;'- and ho noticed that the wind, being high, blow the pall partly oil' the coffin. The graveyard which 'ithey entered — the old Protestant one, in the centre of the town — was the same- in which, as Cup tain Clarke knew, their family burying-place was. He perfectly remembered its situation ; but, to his surprise, the funeral procession did not proceed tliither, but to another part of the churchyard, at some distance. There (still in his dream) he saw the opeu grave, partially fillsd with water, as from the rain ; and, looking in it, he particularly noticed floating in the water two drowned field mice. Afterward, as he thought, he conversed with his mother ; and nho told him that the morn ing had been so tempestuous that the funeral, originally appointed for ten o'clock, had been de ferred till four. He remarked, in reply, that it was a fortunate circumstance, for, as ho had just arrived in time to join the procession, had the funeral taken placo in the forenoon, he could not kave attended it at all. ' Tliis dream- made so deep an impression on Captain Clarke that iu the morning ho noted the date of it. Some time afterward there came tho news of his grandmother's death, with the addi tional particular that she, was buried on the sumo day on which he, being in North America, had dreamed of her funeral. ''When,' four years afterward, Captain Clarke visited Lymc- Regis, he found that every particu lar of his dream minutely corresponded with the reality. The pastor) the pall-bearers, tho mour ners, 'were the same persons he had seen. Yet this, we may .suppose, ho might naturally have anticipated. But tho funeral had been ap pointed for ten o'clock in the morning, and, in consequence of the tempestuous weather and the heavy rain that was falling, it had been de laved until four iu the afternoon. His mother, who attended the funeral, distinctly recollected that the high wind blew the pall partially off the coffin. In consequence .of a wish expressed by tko old lady shortly before her death sho was buried, not in the burying place of the family, but at another spot selected by herself; and to this spot Captain Clarke, without any indication from the family or otherwise, proceeded at once, as directly as if he had been present at the burial. Finally, on comparing notes with the old sexton, it appeared that tho heavy rain of the morning had partially filled tho grave, and that there were actually found in it two field'mice drowned. ' This last incident, even if there were no other, might suffioe to preclude all idea of accidental co incidence. . ' The above was narrated to me by Captain Clarke himself, with permission to use his name in attestation of its truth.' Another section gives details as to supposed' haunted houses, including several casO3 with which the public has long been familiar, and a few others, generally of modern date, which are hero introduced to English readers for the first time. Of the latter, none involves, mord curious occurrences, or has been brought forward on better evidence, than thecuso of the Cideville Parsonage. This is a village and commune in tho department of the SeineIn fcricure, about eighty miles north- west of Paris. The date is so recent as 1850, when tho parsonage was in tho occupation of a simple priest named M. Tiucl. With him lived two boys, respectively of twelve and fourteen years of age, with whom, in some way, tho mysterious disturbances were apparently connected. These lasted from tho 26th November, 1850, till the 15thof February ensuing, when the children were removed from the house. The details are given by Mr. Owon from the de position of ii great number ot witnesses in a legal process which took place in consequence of the disturbances, at the instance of a shepherd who was reputed by the country people a* thsir cause; but they run to liiich a length as to bo inadmissible' into these puces. Another large section of tlio book i.s devoted to narratives regarding appearances of people out of the body, both during life and at'tov cljath — all iueredi'sle, according to the reigning code of faith. ' on such subjecU, and yet all testified to by direct and weighty evidence. One of the 'most cuiious refers to a series of circumstances which have recently occurred in London, uud h'uve been the subject of a good deal of viilgue rumor. ~ . ? ? ?? ? ' iii the mouth of September, 18.37, Captain G — *- W ? , of the 6th Dragoon Guards, went out tb India to join his regiment. - '.His wife remained iu England, residing at Cambridge. On the night between thc-llth and loth of November, 1S57, towards morning, s'-c dreamed that she saw her husband looking anxious mid ill, upou which sho immediately awoke, much agitated. It was bright moonlight, and looking up, she perceived the same figure standing by her bedside. He appeared m his uniform, the hands pressed across the brewt, the hair dishevelled, the face very pale. His large dark eyes were fixed full upon her ; their expression was that of great excitement, and there was a peculiar contraction of the mouth, habitual lo him when agitated. . She Baw him, even to each minute particular of Ids dress, as distinctly as she had ever done in her life ; and she remem bers to have noticed between his hands the white of the shirt- bosom, unstained, however, -with blood. The figure seemed to bend forward as if in pain, and to make an effort to speak ; but there was no sound. It remained visible, the wife thinks, as long as a minute, and then dis appeared. ' Her first idea was to ascertain if she .was actually awake. She rubbed her eyes with the sheet, and felt that the_ touch was real. Her little nephew was in bed with her : sho beitf over tho sleeping child and listened to its breathing ; the sound was distinct, aud she became convinced that what she had seen was no dream. It need hardly be added that sho did not again go to sleep that night. ' Next morning she related all this to her mother, expressing her conviction, though she had noticed no marks of blood on his dress, that Captain W ? was either killed or griev ously wounded. So fully impressed was she with tho 'reality of that apparition, that she thence forth refused all invitations. A young friend urgsd her, soon afterward, to go with her to a fashionable concert, reminding her thuc ti^e.had ?rec-iived from Malta, sent by her husband, -i hand some dress-cloak, win ill she had never yet worli; but sho positively declined, declaring that,' uncer tain as! she was whether she was not already a widow, eHq would never enter a place of amuse ment until she had letters from her husband (if, indeed, he still lived) of later dutc than the Mth of November. . 'It was on Tuesday, in die month of December, 1S.17, th.it the telegram regarding the actual fate of Captain. W ? was published in London. It was to Xii& effect that he was killed before Luck no w: oil thc,fif'tccHt/i of November. . ' This news, given in the morning paper, at tracted tlio attention of Mr. Wilkinson, a London solicitor, who had in charge Captain W ? 's affairs. When, at a later period, this gentleman met tho widow, she informed him that she had been quite prepared for tlie melancholy news, but that she felt sure her husband could not have been killed on the 15th of November, inasmuch as it was during tho night between the 11th and 15th that he appeared to herself.* ?f.The certificate from the War Office, however, which it became Mr. Wilkson's duty to obtain, confirmed the date given in tho telegram ; its tenor being as follows : — „ 9579 War Office, 'jSo.— — . -30th January, 1838. ' These are to certify that it appears, by the re cords in this office, that Captaui G— W— , of the Oth Dragoon Guards, was killed in action on the 15th November, 1857. (Signed) ' B. Hawes.' 'While Mr. Wilkinson's mind remained in uncertainty as to the exact date, a. remarkable in cident occurred^ which seemed to cast further suspicion on the accuracy of the telegram and of the certificate. That gentleman was visiting a friend, whose lady has all her life had perception of apparitions, while her husband is what is usually called an impressible medium ; facts which are known* however, only to their intimate friends. Though personally acquainted with them, I am not at liberty to give their names Lot us call them Mr. and Mrs. N ? . 'Mr. Wilkinson related to them, as a wonderful circumstance, the vision of the captain's_ widow in connection with his death, and described the figure as it had appeared to her. Mrs. N- — ? turning to her husband, instantly said ; ' That must bo the very person I saw, the evening we were talking of India, and you drew an elephant with a howdah on his back. Mr. Wilkinson has described his exact position and appearance ; the uniform of a British officer, his hands pressed across hi* breast, his form bent forward as if in pain. The figure,' bhe added to Mr. W ? , ' appeared just behind my husband, and seemed looking over his left shoulder.' ' Did you attempt to obtain any communication from him ?' -Mr. Wilkinson asked. ' Yes ; we procured one throngh the medium of my husband.' ' Do you remember its purport f' 'It was to the effect that ho had been killod in India that afternoon, by a wound in tho broast ; and adding, as I distinctly remember, 'That thing I used to go about in is not buried yet.' I particularly remarked tho ex pression.' 'When did thus happen V ' About nine o'clock in the evening, several weoks ago ; but I do not recollect tho exact iate.' '?,.', ' Can you not call to mind, something that might ennble you to fix the preaise day ?' 'Mrs. N ? reflected. ''I remember nothing,' she said at last, ' except that wliile my husband was drawing, and I was talking to a lady friend who had called to see us, wo were interrupted by a servant bringing in a bill for some Gorman vine gar, and that, as I recommended it as being superior to English, weliad a bottle brought in for inspection.' ' Did you pay the bill at the timo r' 'Yes ; I sent out the money by tho servant.' 'Was the bill receipted ?' 'I think so ; but I have it up stairs, and can seon ascertain.' 'Mrs. N ? produced tho bill. Its' receipt boie dute the fourteenth of November ! 'Ttiia confirmation of the widow's conviction as to the day of her husband's death produced so much impression on Mr. Wilkinson, that he called attho office of Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, tlio army agents, to ascertain if there was no mis take iu the certificate. But nothing there ap peared to confirm any surmise of inaccuracy. Captain W— — 's death v*s mentioned in two separate dispatches of Sir C'oliu Campbell; aud in both the date corresponded with that given in the telegram. ' So matters rested, until, in the month of March 1858, the family of Captaui W ? received from Captain G ? C ? , then of the Military Train, a letter dated near Luckuow, on the 19th Decem ber, 1857. This letter informed them that Captain W ? had been, killed before Luckuow, while gallantly leading on the squadron, not on the 15th of November, as reported in Sir Colin Campbell's dispatches, but on the fourteenth, in the afternoon. Captain C ? was riding close by his side at the time he saw him fall. He was struck by a fragment of a shell in the breast, and never spoke after ho was hit. He was buried at tho Dilkoosha ; and on a wooden cross erected by his friend, Lieutenant R ? of the 9th Lancers, at the head of his grave, are cut the initials G. W., and the date of his death, the 14th of No vember, 1857. ' ?'? ? ' The War Office finally made the correction as to the date of death, but not until'more than a y eji after the event occurred. Mr. Wilkinson, having occasion to apply for an additional espy of the certificate in April 1859, found it in exactly tho same words as that which I have given, only that the 14th of November had been substituted for tho loth. ?' 'This extraordinary narrative w.as obtained by me directly from the parties themselves. Tho wi dow of Captain W — kindly-consented to examine and correct the manuscript, and allowed me to inspect a copy of Captain C— r-'s letter, giving the particulars of her husband's death. To Mr. Wilkinson, also, the, manuscript was submitted, and he assented to its accuracy, as far as ho is concerned. That portion which relates to Mrs. N- — I had from that lady herself. I have neglected no precaution, therefore, to obtain for it the warrant of authenticity. 'It is perhaps tho only example on record where the appearance of what is usually termed a ghost proved tlio moans of correcting an erroneous date iu the despatches of a commauder-iu-chief, and of detecting an inaccuracy in the certificate of a War Office.' i fc ' The difference ef lonzituda between Londou anil Lnck mr.r bdntf ubnut livo bum:!, three or four o'clock a.m. in London wau'd bo right c-r iiiuo o'clock a.m. ntl.ucknow. Uut it waa in the o/cefuoun, not in the marring, a* will bo 'reaia thu -cqticl,ti:Jt Cjptnin W ? w;is killed. Had lio fuUcnonthe latb, therefore, tho apparition to hit wile -would buvo appeared several hoars Uo.tove the ougnpcaicnt in which he H41, aud whily Ue wuj yet :uive and well.'.' ;. ? What pupils are always to bp pitied, and why r — The pupils of the eye ; because they are al ways under tho lash. 