A NIGHT IN THE THAMES TUNNEL. BY PETER POSSUM. SOMETIME ago, I was compelled, like Mr. Jobling, and for similar reneons, to rusticate in the "market- gardens down by Deptford." A very singular locality is the district so defined. Fringed on the east by the blue-black, basking turtle-like broad roofs of the Deptford dockyard sheds, the spars of the shipping in the river--dotted here and there with puffs of bulging canvas, like big fungusses--and the chaos of masts and cat's-cradle cordage in the Commercial Docks; straddled over by the plump arches of the Greenwich Railway; intersected by inky dikes with white finger-posts upon their margins, intended to warn night-wanderers of the proximity of the water, but looking in the dark like dwarf spectres pointing out with ghostly hand a ready means of suicide; cut in twain, moreover, by the sluggish Surrey Canal, sinuating like a sleepy ser- pent, and bearing on its muddy breast brown clumsy barges, whose scarce perceptible motion the rattling waggons on the neighbouring branch goods-line seem to mock; sprinkled with rope-walks healthily redo- lent of hemp, and pleasantly suggestive of Jung Stilling, as the makers, often with a deftly folded cheap newspaper before them, walk backwards, spider-like spinning their threads from their own bodies; with timber-yards, full of Xs of tall planks and piles of shorter wood like sliced haystacks, Titan's dice, truncated pyramids, and walls of rubble; with nautically named and profusely flag- staffed taverns; and even with a tea-garden or two--flats of rich mould, when fallow not unlike black-currant jelly thickly spread, corrugated into celery-trenches, multitudinously bannered with the green leaf and red stalk of the rhu- barb, puce with spinach, recalling to mind the Geranomachia where rows of crane-like fennel look down upon the ranks of their pigmy neighbours, the squat Brussels sprouts; gay with the delicate ver- dure of the lettuce and the bright blossom of the bean, buried beneath the slovenly prettiness of the potato plant, in spring-time spangled with patches of fruit- blossom blushingly white as sunlit foam--bearing, in short, all that variety of vegetable esculents that grinds and creaks up to Covent Garden in the early morning dusk, in heavy, high-piled wains and carts--these flats extend for acres upon acres in monotonous fertility. Despite the pœcil nature of their products, they have, especially in winter, a most drearily monotonous look. When a December fog broods clingingly on their dull level, it intensifies instead of softens the hideousness of the battered old crones, in men's greatcoats of the fashion of our great-grandfathers' time, who, as they stoop over their hoes, or load the wagon with frosted cab- bages, loom, magnified by the mist, like veritable hags, condemned to week-day penal servitude as a penance for their last witches' Sabbath--in short, a more dismal place of residence than the "market gardens down by Deptford" it would be hard for the most lugubrious imagination to depict. In winter, however, a Cockney Orestes driven by Furies in the shape of creditors, to the Deptford market gardens, I had to flee for refuge. Lodgings are cheap down there, and, so long as you can pay your landlady, you are safe within your intrenchments of Stygian ditches--secure as an old Norman-hunted Saxon in his asylum of the Fens--since the most ruthless of duns would never venture thither in pursuit, or if he did, bewildered by the intricacies, appalled by the perils of the pathways, and over- whelmed by the surly chaff of those somewhat blas- phemous barbarians, the natives, he would uncom- monly soon be glad to beat a retreat. Unfortunately, after a time, I couldn't pay my landlady, and found myself, accordingly, one bleak December night, ejected from my temporary home, and in the possession of precisely one penny. It is a substantial-looking coin, the old broad-rimmed sort, with the Third George's moony face upon it--such as mine was, I mean--but, alas! it will go a very little way. Carlyle dilates upon the rights of sovereignty that sixpence will confer, but even he appears to think that the lowest sum which can achieve a con- quest, however fractional, of the universe. What can I do with my penny? was my mournful medita- tion, as, under a slate-coloured sky, with a north-east wind cutting through me like a scythe, I paced the Deptford Broadway. I had come thither for the sake of its gaslight and its bustle, but I soon wished my- self back again amongst the cabbages--there was something so selfishly unsympathetic in the gas that flared just as brightly, the business that was transacted just as noisily, as if I had had a dozen pounds, instead of a penny in my pocket. What should I do with my penny? I could buy a pint of coffee, or a half pint of porter, a roll or a saveloy, with it; but it wasn't food or drink, but shelter that I wanted. I thought of the far-off southern land where, when compelled to spend the night alfresco, I had had only to select a cozy corner in the bush, with a creek or a water-hole in convenient nearness for toilet purposes, and wake next morning fresher far than if I had slept on any curtained couch. But my teeth chat- tered at the idea of passing an English winter-night sub Jove--verily, frigido. I knew that "twopenny rope" accommodation could be found in the neighbouring Mill-lane; but even if I could have mustered courage to seek "repose" in that haunt of fierce-eyed tramps and sharp-fanged vermin, my quest would have been fruitless, since I possessed but half of the required fee. I began to speculate as to whether I could walk about all night, and so prevent myself from being frozen; but my failing legs plainly told me that I should drop long before the small hours came. I mentally framed the paragraph in which the penny-a-liner would chronicle my fate, and a thrilling report of the inquest. I pictured to myself the horror with which the smug butcher I had just passed, piercing even the circumambient tumult with his strident "Buy, buy, buy!" would read the narrative of my decease in their own parish to his equally pursy spouse, snugly toasting her toes in the back-parlour? and then when I thought how, if I applied to him for means to save me from such icy doom, he would bid me go about my business as an impostor on the prowl, I scoffed savagely at the cheapness of human pity, and felt in- clined to punch the butcher, and so secure a lodging in the station-house. But the cold had so chilled my marrow that I hadn't pluck enough left for that. The "casual ward" crossed my mind, but I didn't know where the Union House was, or whom to apply to; and besides, there was an incongruity between my dress and such an application that made me shrink from the fancy as too degrading. A similar feeling kept me from pawning any of my clothes, and indeed, having no top-coat, I had none to spare. Down came the snow in a driving, blinding shower. For the sake of the shelter of their hoarding, and the warmth of their cresset-fire, I drew near to a deep chasm, wherein a host of night-capped navvies were still carrying on sewer operations, under the superin- tendence of a quick-eyed, hook-nosed, thigh- booted man, planted on a bared, gravel-incrusted gas-main, like a hawk upon a perch. Miserable as I was, I re- member that the similitude amused me for a moment. He glanced hither and thither exactly as if selecting from the stalwart frames beneath him the victim upon whom to pounce. Lounging outside the hoarding near mw stood a navvy, with his white jumper slung over his rough pea-jacket scarf-fashion, who had knocked off work, and was exchanging a few vale- dictory courtesies with a fellow-craftsman deep in the bowels of the earth. This latter giant was bantering his brother Lancastrian on his ignorance of London, as manifested in having taken lodgings at Wapping for a job in Deptford. "Why, mon, it's boot a step through the Toonel," exclaimed the bantered one, with an expletive too forcible to be here regis- tered, and went upon his way--the snow, that by this time lay inch thick upon the payement, dulling the clatter of his clumsy clogs. A ray of hope came to me through that "Toonel." Why shouldn't I expend my last penny in obtaining its covert? I remembered that it was open "by day and by night," and that, if I pleased, I might take the whole night in getting through it--nestling on the road in any corners I could find. Every breath of the air I inhaled stabbing my lungs like a sharp poniard, I gasped for the soothingly close atmosphere of the subfluvial arches. In a trice I was hurrying down High-street en route for Rotherhithe. The diverging street that leads back to the cabbage-champaign, and thence, expanding into the dignity of a road, to my destination, I discovered for the first time to be denominated Evelyn-street. Somewhere there, I suppose, was the trim garden through whose (?)-clipped hedges the ship-carpentering Czar, re- turning uproarious from his roysterings in Ratcliffe Highway, loved to drive the wheel-barrow, scandalis- ing and scarifying thereby his highly respectable landlord, who felt a Hamadryad's anguish in the demolition of his shrubs. The only trace of Sylva to be found now-a-days in the locality, is the barber's pole that bristles over every sixth door, and the flag- staff which, as it does everywhere herea- bouts, rears itself and halyards above the parapets of every inn--some publics are not content with less than four, and must have gilt vanes upon them too. Into one of these, my hope- inspiring friend, the navvy, who had hitherto preceded me with his heavy clump, clack, clump, turned with a reel. As the door swung, the light from the warm bar poured out invitingly upon the fast-deepening snow; but have I not said that I had only a penny? With a sigh, I plodded on along the dingy street, marvelling that there our English classic could have planted a pleasaunce, and have found delight, until the wild sweep of the wind--howling like a maniac made mad by a remorseful remembrance of his crimes--shewed me that I was no longer pro- tected by houses, but had gained the market-gardens once more. A mounted policeman, cloaked in blue broadcloth and mystery, and sundry costermonger 'roughs,' semi-sickly, semi-savage, red-belchered greasy- cord-garbed, and close-shaven, according to the wont of that peculiar people, zealous of bad works \--they all have the look of hard-up prize-fighters in a decline--were the only persons whom I met before I entered Rotherhithe. There, guided by dim boards with index-hands of faded red, glimmering like those of phantom murderers in the thick flickering gaslight, I doubled like a hare through narrow tortuous lanes, passed St. Mary's with its snowy roof, grim tower, square lustreless windows, and risen-ghost-like grave- stones, and found my way at last 'To the Thames Tunnel (?).' With all my worldly wealth I did endow the sleepy janitor. The metal turnstile jerked with a jar upon its pivot; one arm of its Maltese cross gave way be- fore me, another propelled me smartly into the inte- rior of the extinguisher- like building that caps the shaft. I stayed not to admire the seedy works of art \--damp-stained and peeling from the plaster--which decorate the walls, but hastened down, down, down the swollen belfry tower, eager for the comfort of the crypt. Passengers were ascending the opposite stair- cases. I pitied their misfortune in having to issue into the bitter outside night, but their merry voices proved that they had homes to go to; and then I pitied myself, with that unmixed compassion which even our Howards and Miss Nightingales, I think, re- serve for personal distress. Cramp had tied knots in my calves by the time I had reached the bottom of the well--when you are very, very tired, going down stairs is almost as wearisome as going up--but here, thank God, was my dormitory, and shaking the snow off me, as a dog shakes water, I prepared to make the best of my long bed-room. The right-hand roadway was blocked up with boards; the other, its nearly circular strong arches growing less and less in the perspective, stretched on and on to a horizon of dim distance. A gas-jet in the centre of each arch of the dividing wall cast a bilious light upon the pavement and the opposite pie-crust coloured masonry. The stall- keepers had long since departed. Are they colliers' relatives, I wonder, or Puseyite penitents, those melancholy pale-faced women, who keep those ever gas lit stalls? No music--drearier there, even when the most rollicking of nigger melodies, than 'the sound of subterranean winds'--now echoed along the bald, vaulted corridor. I thought that it was quite deserted, and had transferred it in fancy to one of Mrs. Radcliffe's nunneries, with black-robed fami- liars standing here and there, like undertakers' mutes, on each side of the cell-doors, when I came upon a party of gesticulating Frenchmen, crowing over their English cicerone by singing pæans, at 12 p.m , to the genius of their illustrious compatriote, 'Sir Brunel.' 'De Tunelle,' they asserted with much emphasis, 'vos de von only leetle ting in veech Londres bate Paris, and dat had been made by a Franchman.' They passed on, and presently a clatter of clogs on the stairs behind me announced that my Lancashire friend was coming. His Evelyn-street potations had evidently taken a powerful effect upon him. Hideously did he howl as he staggered along like a collier-brig under press of sail; hideously did the low roof reverberate his howl. I prudently gave him a wide berth. The poor little Frenchmen scattered, sacre-ing, like seething foam before him, when he floundered into their previously self-complacent throng. Again there was silence, broken only by the foot- steps of rare driblets of passengers from either side. Longing, and yet not liking to lie down, until I should have the tunnel to myself, I patrolled its fatiguing length, quickening my foot-sore pace when I saw any one coming, in order to impress him with the belief that my passengership was no more permanent than his. I had done this three or four times, when I fancied that I had seen the face of a man who crossed me, at least once before. The look--half-shame-faced, and half-I'm-as- good-as-youish--with which he re- turned my scrutinising glance, convinced me that I was right. He, like myself, was going to make a night of it in the Tunnel. At first, I felt irate at having a witness of my poverty; but remembering that he must be a sharer in it, I soon mastered the feeling, and deter- mined to accost him as a brother in misfortune. His clothes, of a clerical cut, and faintly suggesting the clerical colour, but the slimy gleam of the poor man's gloss-how different from the bloom of the rich man's broadcloth!--creating the fancy that he gene- rally slept in gardens with snails crawling over him. His muddy stockings budded from his heelless boots. His face was witheredly red and nodose as a galled leaf in autumn; his eye was waterily wild; his forceless lips hung limp; he smelt of gin. It was almost unnecessary for him to tell me his history, which, however, with the easy, ego- tistic openness of his class, he did begin to tell me before I had been five minutes in his company, as we snuggled beneath a piece of tarpaulin in one of the stall-recesses, jamming our shoulders together to increase our warmth, or rather infinitesimally decrease the cold. He was a Cambridgeman, and had been a London curate. His love for liquor soon lost him his cure; and then he had been a tutor and a bookseller's hack; but his irregularities soon deprived him of these employments also, and now he was what is euphem- istically called an 'occasional reporter for the press' \--that is, a penny-a-liner; getting drunk when his "flimsy" was accepted, roaming about roofless when his pocket was bare. He had just been carousing on the proceeds of an inquest--found, when he came to himself, that, strange to say, he had a penny left in the corner of his waist-coat, whither it had slipped through the tattered lining; and being in Shadwell, had turned his steps to the Tunnel, an old sleeping-place of his-- he called it his Hades Hotel. All this he told me, now defiantly quoting Horace--as if, poor wretch, there were any analogy between his bestial revels aud the banquets of the Sabine Farm--and presently blubbering like a beaten child, as he spoke of his mother and the dead girl to whom he had been engaged. If from the peaceful home, or this more peaceful heaven, either could have beheld the moist, miry, mangy mass of misery lying by my side, I thought within myself that there would have been a cloud over their brightness, a ruffle in their calm. He, however, was soon snoring as contentedly as if he had never thrown away a career, or shrouded a fond, faithful heart in his stained surplice. It took me longer to get used to my strange lodgings. I lay awake sympathising with Jonah when the waves passed over him, and the weeds were wrapped about his head. I thought of the ships anchored above me, with the captains snug between the blankets in the cabins, and the crews curled up in forecastle bunks; of the ever-moving stream, ebbing and flowing through the unconscious city, like life-blood through a sleeper's heart; of the river-pirates prowling like water-rats, and the police-galley silently tracking them through the gloom; of the bridge- lamps stretch- ing, seemingly unsupported, from shore to shore, like threads of golden gossamer; and of what their shat- tered light might fall on, as the black flood swept through and eddied about the arches: it wasn't plea- sant to reflect that there might he corpses bobbing above my head like fish-baits. I had just fallen nsleep, and was dreaming that I was a whale compelled to swallow one of those loath- some lures, when I was awakened by feet scurrying past my covert. I peeped out and saw a woman's garments whisking from side to side to side as their owner rushed towards Wapping, whilst from the opposite direction came two pursuers--one with an open bull's-eye in his hand, which shot out an ex- panding triangle of light, like arms extended to stop the quarry, should she double. The heavy boots of the policeman, and of a seafaring man with him, clumped echoing along the corridor--I tak- ing care to keep well within my curtain aa they went by me--and in a minute the fugitive was overtaken. Then shrillest shrieks--that had a most infernal sound down there-- and hysterical protestations that she had never so much as seen the fellow's watch; she didn't believe the cowardly fellow had one--startled the stillness of the night; and then she flings herself upon the ground, kicking and screaming like a passionate child, and swearing that they shall carry her then; what time the policeman waits in ruthless stolid patience--a sort of Dutch Erinnys--until she shall be tired. Finding that there is not much chance of this, he loses his patience, shakes her roughly, pulls her from the pavement, and, in a gruff voice, bids her hold her noise and come along-- they've had enough of that there nonsense. The trio repass me on their way to the Surrey side in company--the girl alter- mately striving to propitiate the policeman by appeals to his "gentlemanliness" and gallantry, and vowing that she will have her accuser's heart out; the sailor, now that he has recovered his property, desirous to release the sobbing and vindictive thief, but prevented from yielding to his cowardice or kindness by the constable, who sternly tells him that he'll be no party to "crumplymising a fel'ny." When next I wake, my clerical companion is gone, and workmen, with tool- baskets at their backs, and swinging little tin coffins of bread-and-butter over sailless wind-mills of coffee, are passing from both sides on their way to their daily toil. With teeth clinking like castanets, and the rheumatism gnawing with icy teeth at every bone, I creep from my kennel, saddest of sad dogs. The world is all before me where to choose, but where or whatever I may choose, I feel I cannot get a breakfast. "The Way Out," says the zinc-plate on the finger-rubbed Wapping shaft-door, with the pitiless imperativeness of a policeman's "Move on!" The morning out- side air gives me the spiteful, Miss Murdstone-like peck of a kiss which it always gives to those who meet it before they have washed. Broad-wheeled waggons are already crunching the night's snow into a viscous slush. Disconsolate indeed, I am standing at an open-air "coffee"-stall in the neigh- bourhood of the Docks, covetously sniffing its fumes of scalding decoction of chicory, when whom do I see but the rosy little mate of the vessel in which I sailed from Australia! Something stronger than coffee puts life into me in the cabin of the good ship Burra Burra; and the loan that I obtain secures me \--at all events, for a week to come--from having to pass another night in the Thames Tunnel.-- Chambers' Journal. Tin? Kaw GOLD-FI-M) AT CARCOAR.-The excitement consrquint upon the discovery of a gold-fluid «till con tlnur« Moat of the Inhabitant* about hera Ii we visited tVe place», and a great rumber of the visitor« have tried it« richness by washing a tin dish ef earth, and In no Inst »noa have they failed to obtain some portion of the precious metal. Several partie« bava been prospecting with the tin dish for sfyeral hpnrg every day during thojwt week, and are perfeotly satisfied wita the result of their tfPSa's work. No cradle ha» yet, bsen mod, but during tho present week there will be several at work. All the gold that has bren ohtc'ned ni yet han boon within one foit of the sur- face, and la of a splendid nuggetty description; one nugget welplilng three pennyweights. Several old and practical d'ggers who have inspected the gold ¿ro of opinion that nuggets will he found much larger wiirn the riiggei» sink their holes nome feot in depth, which there is no doubt they will do during the preiont week. It is the opinion of several experienced parties who have examined the country abont this spot, that there Is a very large gold-field nbout the neighbourhood. Not very far frr-m the present find, about eighteen months age», sortie Chinamen found several nuggets of gold, and would have tested the richness of the place, but it having bean discovered on private property they did not caro nbonfc working it out ; and, previous to this occurrence, gold bad been pot on the surface In a hundred different placoiround about Hie present Old, but no person ever took tho trouble to shin for it, or even to stiele to working ifcjor a few days nntl) the prfnent discoverer set to work,-Correspondent BATHURST FRER PRFSS. I Inn EXPECTED HUSH FROM LAUNCESTON TO rae SNOWY Rivrit.-In it« Town Talk, on tho 20lli Instant, the Coitv WATX CHRONICLE «ays :-It is rumoured here that the favourite steamOilp Lafly Bird Is nboat to be laid on | botween Launceston and Twofold Bay, for the purpose of conveying the expsetod rnsh of Tasmanian« that distance on thoir war to the Snowy River diggings. The brig Lady Denison is advertised to land passenger« at I Twofold Bay on her next trip to Sydney, " should anillcient Innikemnnt otl"er." A considerable nortlon of tho unset- tled population hore are making preparations for a trip to tim "New El Dorado," and onco moro wo aro likely to suffer all the disadvantage« and receive but a small portion [ of tl-o immediate benefit«, of being in the vicinity of the i colonies rich in gold field«. Our labouring population will |*a again drained oil'. A considerable number of tho Immi- grants imported at so hrco an expense, and on who<o I (élection no much caro has boen bestowed, will, without doubt, move off in the direction of tho Snowy Uiver for a timo ; but it is nlfo certain that the majority of thom will return here to settle permanently down, as soon as thsy have made, in dipeing phraseology, their "piles." WHEAT-GKOWINO IN TASMANIA.-WO learn from tho Cossvi'ACL CHRONICLE of 20ih instant that a meeting was ¡ ou the tapis in Launcenlon, having for iUohjeot the sur | vey of a line of lniluvy from that place to Deloraine, so as to ascertain tho cost, previous to bringing the question before Falliment. Adverting to tills movement, tho CmtONicr.R remarks:- Tho immense quantity of emin gi own in Victoria last season, and the facilities for bring- ing if at a cheap rate to market, aro the real reason« why wl eat is declining in prico hore at present, and iu.two more yeaic, if wo have not almilar fuollilies for bringing our produce to market, it will be ImpoBslblo for our farmers to cou ptto nny longer with those ot Victoria. But If prompt measures bo at once taken, lu two year« time the whole 1 line of railway through tho Morven, Loiifîford, and West- bury districts to Deloraine roav be comploted and oponed up. IVTITT.TON (K. 7..), Jvsr. 0.-The weather, which for eighteen months anti more has been persecuting ns with drought, hns for a week p-ist changed at luat lo an opposite tendenoy. Kwtorly Wind», te. Hug tun arda the couth anti gctiiug round once or twluo to theiS.W., have chnrKtd the »tmorphere with moiature, tho t^inpci ¡>tni o pt 111 reroninlrg hlfth for the tlrao of tho year. Though the cloud which began to «ettie down Inst M«nd«y week has lifted only once or twice nineo that time-, and tbon to n very miall i Mint und for a transient period ; the a'urmnt of min which felt wa» r-llght, until the night of Monday last and Tuesday morn- ing, when n downpour cunio, which waa mont refreshing. Tho previous moialnrc had penetrated the surfnoe only tomato it soil, epoDg! and micky, and co lo render waiuinij a dirty and trouh'c si mc oi,ci allon. Now, in Lyttelton, the street» aro washed oie in from ali ilitt, and tho gnuie», turned Into framing watercourse, bro hurrylr g to tho sea the acouniulsted filth of montas. Tais rain hue scarcely render/d so good servieo to tho streets of Christ chuich, end the flat roods around that town-, hut wo are blewcrl willi a conviction that the symptoms of ill health which u.ivo ocetifionaliT npprnrid among the population lately, will now vanish coniplctolv from both centros.-Time». STKAM SKIRMISHERS.-Under the aignatnre " Hexagonal Bolt,1' a iMilPr In the THIES ssys :-Ono of tno roMtlts of tlie "Whitworth cannon appears to have escaped notice Hitherto, owing to the great strength of contraction ro ijulicd in men-of-war for thoir heavy ordnance, such vissels have remained qnite distinct from other vessels. Fut. if It be trno that a ncrht telescope-looking tube like tho Whitworth throe-pounder can throw a twelve-pound shot, it ivrulls that even a penny river boat nny be mndo into a formidable vessel ot war. Take a fow fast nttlo Bteumirn. such as tho Dover packets, and arru each with a fcrmidab'.o Whitworth proportion'*'o to its s'i'.e, and what hope nould a French invading forco lin-\e of »ncces-fully landing in boat* In our shallow wafers? Imagine*, also, five hundred or erne thotuaud such vusi'ls noting na steam skirmishers to our fleet, and can» cilttrating theil fife ern the gigantic tliutnig targets of the enemy, who wonld hav« no bop1* of coming t'V cloin quartc.'B as with unwieldy giinhoats. The principle of , conon trio lire, as illnstiated in attack of a fortress, Mlierea fcwcniisln u ilistaiit parallel rapidly silonoo the batteries tf the defence, will enable us to judj»o of the re- sult. England, and Engl.ind alone, has auott au auxiliary force alua)s at, hand. 