THE -NORTHAM'S NEWS. r ' -, ) [FROM OUR CITY COBBESPOITBEKT.J LONDON. Saturday, November 26, 1860. The excitement occasioned by the very many expressions and demonstrations in France of hostility a England, provoking the idea that the Emperor had in contemplation to break off friendly y states England, has suddenly disappeared, The comment notice given by the Times to the «^J=c ncTPf j the French Government to take cognisance at last of It was so transparent, and a confidential circular has in consequence been despatched to the prefect of every department throughout France expressing scenes" at the exaggerated language of the French Press towards England, observing that "such language? being found in journals whiohusually I support the Imperial Government tends to identify that Government with attacks upon an allied and friendly Power." That for the dignity of the Imperial policy, and " the maintenance of peace, the prefects are to use their influence to put an end to the PrThere'i3 nothing but the bare sterling truth disclosed in this circular, the fact being too notorious, and it is admitted candidly and clearly, and the practice at once suppressed. The effect has been quite magical ; the talk of an invasion of England has ceased on both sides the Channel. No one here fears a war with France, but no one really wishes for such a scourge. England is peaceful, back and bone, but will not refuse to accept the gauntlet if it be thrown down. Lord Cowley left Paris for London last Monday, with a mission from the Emperor, to lay before the British Government a proposition for a simultaneous disarmament by both France and England, and to express his assurances of his fidelity to the alliance. The following paragraph has been lithographed and sent to all the departments of France : " The Emperor is said to have charged Lord Cowley to assure her Britannic Majesty that his fidelity to the alliance remains intact that he has proved his sentiments by his acts and that if England is willing he is ready to promote a general disarmament in Europe. The impression made here by this news is excellent ; it will not be less well received in the departments, where the desire for peace is always more strongly marked than in Paris. We are assured that in the course of the conversation which preceded Lord Cowley's departure for London, the Emperor said to him France has need of England to settle the Italian question, and England has need of France to bring the Chinese affair to an end.' "There is no intention on the part of the country to disarm on the contrary, the fortifications of the coast line ore pressed forward with vigour, and assurances given that the Government has no intention, under any circumstances, of arresting the works. The popular voice has determined that England shall be properly and efficiently fortified from foreign attacks, has consented to the cost, and will not allow of any drawing back from such a work as the national defences. The enrolment of the reserve force of 30,000 seamen, as Royal Naval volunteers, will commence 1st January next. The Government have decided upon making a considerable increase to the standing army. The disembodied militia will be supplied with the Enfield rifle of 1853, and the musketry instructions of the permanent staff will be proceeded with. The Government, or rather the Commander-in-Chief, has abolished flogging in the array by dividing it into two sections-the one will not be liable to corporeal punishment unless for mutinous conduct during war; misconduct will be punished by the soldier being dis- rated from the first to the second class ; but one year's uninterrupted good conduct will restore him again to the first. By this means degrading punishment will be virtually expunged, and it will have the effect of inducing enlistment. Flogging in the navy must soon follow, as the punishment is distasteful to the feeling of the times, and destructive to the efficacy of the service. The Volunteer Rifle Corps movement proceeds with twofold vigour ; it is extending to every hamlet even, and in time nil England will be prepared for the foreign foe, if ever he comes. A National Association for the encouragement of Volunteer Rifle Corps and the promotion of rifle shooting throughout Great Britain has been established by distinguished patronage. The Scotchmen in London have formed corps, and a public movement has commenced for the formation of the "London Irish Volunteer Corps," which has been most heartily responded to. There will also be a " Civil Service Rifle Brigade ; " while the "London Brigade" will soon be some thousands strong. And further, the "Woolwich arsenal is to be reorganised. Instead of England having but one national war laboratory and arsenal, and that one close to the metropolis, it is !«tona0a to raise. " «»rrmd forth- with in an inland county that shall oppose distance and strategical difficulties to the attack of a hostile force. While every and grave preparations are making for manufacturing rifled cannon, at an ordinary rate of 1000 guns per annum, with power of considerable increase in case of need, everybody but those employed are excluded from the factories and for the more effectual protection of the secret, only a portion of each gun will be manufactured at each factory. All this shows how resolved the Government and the nation is to be well prepared for the future from all external attacks. With regard to the Italian question, the Emperor has withdrawn his opposition to the regency of Chevalier Buoncompagni for Central Italy, Sardinia having satisfied him that his appointment has been solely with a view to maintain public order, and has no relation to a permanent regency, or as interfering \- with the labours of the Congress to definitively settle the Italian question. So that this little difficulty has been satisfactorily got over. Central Italy remains tranquil. Garibaldi has issued a proclamation announcing his retirement from military service, but that he would be ready to resume his command whenever his Majesty the King Victor Emmanuel again calls his soldiers to arms. "As underhand machinations were continually impeding the freedom of action attached to the rank I occupy in the army of Central Italy, and which I made use of in the endeavour to attain the object which every good Italian has in view, I leave for the moment the military service. On the day when Victor Emmanuel shall again call his soldiers to arms for the re- demption of the country I will again find a weapon of some sort, and a place by the side of my valiant companions. The miserable tortuous policy which for a moment disturbs the majestic march of our affairs must convince us that it is necessary for us to draw close round the valorous and loyal soldier of independence, incapable of retrograding in his sublime and generous path, and that we ought now, more than ever, to prepare gold and steel, so as to be able to meet those who should endeavour to plunge us back again into the miseries of the past." The ratification of the treaties of peace were duly exchanged at Zurich, on Monday last, when France paid over to Austria £2,000,000, as the first instal- ment of the £10,000,000 to be paid to Austria for the surrender of Lombardy. The first division of the Spanish expedition against Morocco has landed at Ceuta, but no engagement of any consequence has taken place between them. The French campaign against the Moors has closed without having passed the limits of Algeria. It appears that, notwithstanding the abject and most humiliatory ratification of the American treaty with China, the Chinese Government has already re- pudiated the engagement by refusing to open the ports of Svvartow and Taiwan, as stipulated by the treaty. This is another evidence of the necessity of the Chinese being subjected once for all to a severe lesson from European Governments. The report of Nana Sale a death is not credited. The health of the King of Prussia has improved, and he has been ordered to the Isle of Wight. Austria has granted full amnesty to all persons compromised in Italian affairs. The San Juan difficulty will be arranged amicably, no doubt, England having expressed on earnest desire to settle the question. The persons convicted of being implicated in the late Harper's Ferry affair have been sentenced to death, but it is doubtful if they will be executed. During the Presidential election the question of slavery will, no doubt, be a sore subject, and Cook and Brown's wicked attempt will be sure to awaken the passions of the North and South sections of the American people. The Board of Trade enquiry into the loss of the Royal Charter is still going on. At present little of the gold has been recovered, but almost daily one or more bodies are found. Dr. Smethurst is to be tried for bigamy. The Roman Catholic bishops have issued a pastoral, calling upon the Catholic body to subscribe liberally for the permanent maintenance of the Catholic university, and to support the memorial to obtain for it a charter of incorporation. The Powers that will be represented at the forth-; I coming Congress- are- France, England, Austria, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Poxtvitjal, Sardinia, Sweden, Home and Naples '? * ' \ I LondOn, Saturday, December 3. The official invitations from France and Austria to the different European Powers who are to take part in the approaching Congress, were issued on Tuesday last. The place, of meeting will be Paris, and the time the 5th January, at the Hotel of the Minister for Foreign Affairs. Two plenipotentiaries from each State will be presented, of whom one will be the , accredited Ambassador to the French Court. It has been rumoured that Lord Palmerston will be the plenipotentiary from England, but I think there is some doubt of his accepting the mission. I enclose the texts of the different treaties. The Spanish forces have had one severe conflict with the Moors, in which the latter sustained a severe defeat, losing some 1000 men, while the Spaniards put their down at 80 killed and 100 wounded. There has also been an engagement between four French war steamers and the Moorish forts at the mouth of the river Tetuan, in which the latter were silenced. It appears that one of the French steamers passed too close to the fort and was fired upon, but took no notice, and so reported the alleged outrage on the attack of the French flag, he ordered four vessels to fire upon the fort, and afterwards made a severe representation of the affair to the Moorish Government, The Governor of Tetuan gave satisfaction by ordering the arrest of the Moorish offenders who committed the error, or offence. The accounts from America show that the Harper's Ferry affair will give a great deal of anxiety to the American Government. Great excitement in Virginia prevailed, and a conflict between the abolitionists and the slaveholders seems likely to follow. There had been numerous incendiary fires near Charles- town, and it was said the abolitionists were resolved to rescue Brown and his confederates, who were to be executed, together with the negro insurgents, on the 16th December. Large bodies of troops were under arms, and Charlestown itself was so strictly guarded as to be really under martial law. Diplomatic relations between Austria and Piedmont have been renewed. The Amsterdam Crystal Palace is to be opened in 1801. Agents have arrived from Berlin to select a suitable residence of the King for Prussia, on the Isle of Wight, during the winter. Lord Canning, it appears, has addressed the Talookdars of Oude in open Durbar at Lucknow with much success. The Reform Convention at Toronto has passed resolutions against the existing union of Upper and Lower Canada, and in favour of a dissolution, and a separate local Government for each. Parliament has been called together for the 8th January next, then to meet for " the despatch of divers urgent and important affairs." Every day brings record of some new movement in connection with the formation of rifle corps. There is to be one for the Royal Parish of St James. There is the Railway's Rifle Corps, and the Victoria Dock Rifle Corps in fact every section of trade and business, and profession is represented. A large and influential meeting of persons interested in British shipping, was held at the London Tavern, on Tuesday last, when resolutions were passed that it still continues depressed difficulty and distress threatening the ruin of all engaged in it in favour of a petition to Parliament for an inquiry into the actual condition of British navigation, and of relief from all peculiar burdens and restrictions. There has arisen a stinging outcry against the state of the Great Eastern and the position of the Great Ship Company. The contract is declared not to have been fulfilled to fit her for sea. The ship requires an expenditure of something like £50,000 more. The company have not a thousand towards it, and there is a talk of forming a third company to complete her. This I do not expect, as the vessel can be mortgaged for all that is necessary. Mr. Lever's offer of engagement would at once have released the ship and company from all difficulties, but it was refused. The enquiry into the loss of the Royal Charter has closed. Subscriptions have been opened for the relief of the sufferers. Trials have been made at sea of the Armstrong guns ; sixty rounds of ammunition were fired with the elongated shot 11th perfect success, and every equipment pertaining to the gun was pronounced faultless. The Roman Catholic body in Ireland are greatly agitated on the subject of the temporal power of the Pope, now in danger from the events in Italy. The following resolutions were unanimously adopted : That while the spiritual authority of the successor of St. Peter is recognised by the Catholic world, irrespective of of his temporal power, yet it is necessary for the free government of the Church inTerests SP'hTiiitol'ÎJîlo.a'i.lRA'P.ÇÎ!']?-»?. Sovereign., That the Catholics to be the subject of any State or Sovereign that the Catholic people of Ireland feel deep sorrow at the troubles which oppress the Supreme l'ontifT-lroublea fomented by foreign in- trigue, aided by the enemies of the Catholic faith all over the world. That are enlightened liberality displayed by his Holiness Pius IX,, when called to the throne, proves that his anxiety for the amolloratiojhof his subjects Is only surpassed by his paternal solicitude for the spiritual welfare of his faithful children. London, Saturday, December 10. The principal subject of general interest this week here, and in fact throughout Europe, is the reply of his Majesty the Emperor of France to a letter addressed to him by four merchants of Liverpool, inquiring his intention in regard to England ! ! ! Can you conceive anything more ridiculous or any four, or other number of men ! As if the Emperor UIOMM disclose to four unknown, or any man, or society of men, views or intentions, which he necessarily "must, until the time is ripe for action, confine strictly in his own breast. Universal indignation has been aroused by this unheard folly and pretension, and if the English Government do not prosecute them for petty treason, it is only because they are too insignificant. His Majesty's letter is admirable ; it is in fact, in substance, this i "Answer your question yourselves." His Majesty, through M. Mocquard, the secretary of his Majesty, however says, that there has not been a word or a deed of the Emperor which could found a doubt of his sentiments and intentions towards England, that his conduct has shewn him to be a faithful and irreproachable ally-that what he has hitherto been he will continue to be and then reference is made to the "imaginary" trouble which has seized England with the rapidity of an epidemic," and concludes by observing that great nations should appreciate, not fear each other." In fact, this confounded letter of four fools-for they are nothing less-has represented England and Englishmen as afraid of France, and has afforded the Emperor of France the opportunity of treating us something after the manner used toward children-of gently slapping us on the back, bidding us be good, and that we have nothing to fear that his Majesty, though the terror of Europe, has no sinister intentions towards us, We, &c.; You may fancy how indignant the Press and the people of England are upon this matter. The " Four Liverpool Merchants " have not been personally forgotten, the rest of the people of Liverpool unmistakeably evincing their opinion of so gross an absurdity, arrogance, and insolence. The four merchants are something more than ridiculed, but, doubtless, if they keep from showing themselves publicly for a month, they will, by that time have been forgotten, as well as their folly. The European congress is definitively fixed for the 5th January, to meet at Paris. The five great powers France, Austria, Russia, Prussia, and England, Sardinia, Portugal, and Spain, have sent in their adhesion, but the answers from Rome, Naples, and Sweden, have not yet been received. France and Austria have agreed that none of the Central States of Italy, the Governments of which, not being recognised by the European Courts, shall be represented. Lord Palmerston will not represent England, as his presence in Parliament will be required, and his absence would be productive of much and serious inconvenience. Lord Cowley will represent England. The Spanish war against Morocco does not proceed so swimmingly as the Spaniard and the Spanish Government desire and would fain have the world at large believe. The Spanish forces have been horribly cut up as well as the Moors, who fight well, and are commanded by officers skilled in European strategy. In the affair of the 25th November, the Spanish Bourbon and Barbastro battalions were almost cut to pieces, 300 men and upwards were killed of whom 40 were officers-and 1000 placed hors de combat; and, on the 30th November, a second encounter took place, which lost the Spaniards 120. The Moors lost 500 killed and 1500 wounded in the same engagement ; from which, if true, it must reasonably he inferred that the loss of the Spaniards was very much greater than is allowed. The embarkation of troops from Malaga, Cadiz, I and Algeciras continue ' incessant, so that Spain I evidently intends to have it out most thoroughly with their old enemies. It is said that the Spanish troops will go into winter quarters, lue separate Government, of the Province of Parma, Modena, and the Romagna, are suppressed by a decree of Signor Farini, the Dictator, from and after the 8th December instant. These provinces will henceforth have one sole Government, with a Ministry sitting at Modena and a Legislative Commission and Commander-in-chief sitting at Bologna. The question of the regency has been settled to the satisfaction of all the provinces. The Vizier at Constantinople, Fuad Pacha, meets with considerable opposition to his plans of a thorough political, administrative, financial, and commercial reform and I fear he will have at last to give way to the general venality amongst Government em- ployes in Turkey. On the 1st instant a courier arrived at St. Petersburg, in forty-two days from the Amoor River, with news that the Emperor of China has given the Russians notice to quit, as he had never authorised the cession of territory, and had only just heard of the settlement. Meanwhile the Russian Embassy, at Pekin, is " sealed up " in the palace. ~ ~"^ From the United States the substance of the news is very satisfactory on the subject of the San Juan affair. General Scott had proposed to Governor Douglas a temporary adjustment of difficulties, on the bases of suggestions made him by the President, which he fully expected would be accepted. General Harney left Portland in " anger and disgust," two days after General Scott's arrival, having taken offence on being superseded in his command. The British naval force had been withdrawn from San Juan with the exception of the steamer Satellite. With regard to the Harper's Ferry affair the excitement at Charlestown continued. The Governor of Pennsylvania had tendered a force of 10,000 men to guard the boundary between that State and Mary- land, willie Governor Wise had ordered C 60 additional troops to be sent to the execution of Brown and his colleagues. The first train passed over the Victoria Bridge at Montreal on the 24th November. In Mexico affairs are in a deplorable state of anarchy and confusion. There can be little doubt of Santa Anna again being at the head of affairs. The Rifle Corps formation is steadily progressing, and extending in all directions. Every parish and county is being represented, also every trade, including noblemen, gentlemen, commoners, and working men. The movement, in fact, pervades all classes and sections of trade and professions. The Idler and the labourer alike enrol- himself ; and though many, no doubt, take it up from an innate desire to " play at soldiering," the majority is from a patriotic and sincere desire to carry out their pledge. Every public man at every place of public meeting somehow or other refers to the subject of our national defences, and this helps to keep up the fire of what might be called the national enthusiasm on self-de- fence ; but the feeling which actuates most men is a stern, stolid sense of duty and determination. There is no excitement which lasts for a short time and then expires, but a cool calculation and resolve which will last for life. The Parliamentary Reform Committee and the Financial Reform Committee are both energetically bestirring themselves for the conflict of their several interests in the forthcoming parliamentary session. An outcry of some violence has been raised about the Great Eastern, and the company to whom it belongs, which has created a panic amongst the shareholders. But it will subside, and the ship made fit to go to sea. It is proposed to erect a monument to Mr. Brunel. The disturbances in St. George's-in-the-East are subsiding ; but the vestry are resolved to petition both Houses of Parliament on the state of the parish, and the parishioners will petition the Queen for the removal of the Rev. B. King from the office of rector. The report on the inquiry into the loss of the Royal Charter has been sent to the Board of Trade. It affirms that proof has been established that the officers and crew were indifferent to their own fate, and solely intent on their duty, and efforts made to save the lives of all, and that the ship was not lost by any fault of the master. There is a proposition to establish a naval arsenal at Birkenhead. A steamer is being constructed for Government made of steel. She will be the largest river steamer in the world-water line 350 feet, overall 375 feet, breadth 36 feet, and 200-horse power-and will have accommodation for 800 soldiers, will be flat bottomed, and draw when laden two feet, to be employed in the transport of troops in India. If successful, a number will be constructed. The progress of " sympathy for the Pope," amongst the Roman Catholic body of Ireland, does not meet with universal response. Lord Castlerope, Mr. James O'connell (brother to the late Daniel O'Connell) and his son, Mr. Thomas Galway, Mr. Cronin Collsman, all Roman Catholic gentlemen of position, have pronounced that the temporal power of the Pope, and that the calling together of large bodies of men maybe construed into a menace to the home, and possibly to a foreign Government, and give rise to fiôrrTtheîn inrelig&i;í?u^fiMBíls of those who differ The response to the appeal on behalf of subscriptions to the Roman Catholic University has been, as yet, lukewarm in Dublin. Dr. Smethurst has been tried for bigamy, and sentenced to one year's hard labour. It appears that his first wife had, before her marriage with him, been living as the wife of another man, who himself was married. The trial at one time rather went to prove that Mrs. Smethurst ought to have been tried for bigamy, which, if established, would have freed Dr. Smethurst at once, and have terminated a case of singular interest. And now for a few words upon matters of purely Australian interest. The P. and O. Steam Company are about to appeal to the Australian colonies for support to a plan which will give a fortnightly, instead of a monthly communication to and from England. Their proposition has been already sent out. It is that a certain number of steamers shall run between Australia and Ceylon, which, if agreed to, and the Home Government will give £25,000 more to the contract, the P. and O. Company will run such steamers twice a month, instead of monthly, to meet the steamers from Calcutta and Suez. If this proposal be accepted by the Colonial Governments, it will be placed favourably before the Home Government. Arrangements have been made for a series of emigration ships, to run between Bristol and New Zealand. The first will be despatched in March next. The Australian Royal Mail Company have sold their two remaining steamers, the Adelaide and Victoria, for £30,000 which will give a further return of 10s. or 11s. per share, which will complete a payment of £1 10s. on each £10 paid-up share. The exports of British and Irish produce and manufactures to Australia in the first ten months of the present year amounted to £G,019,093, against £5,ó47,19G, in the same period of 1858, and £G,3G8,741 in 1857. The London Chartered Bank of Australia yesterday declared a dividend of 3 5 per cent, for the half-year ending 30th June last. The colonial wool sales closed on the 3rd instant, as they opened, with prices 3d to 1d. per lb. advance on previous sales. London, Saturday, December 17th. The first matter to which I think it politic to draw public attention in Australia is a matter which strictly regards Australian interests. The P. and O. Company have announced that their Australian postal contract has proved a loss, as indeed it must do by the present route, unless under a most liberal subsidy, and have intimated that, to carry it out, they must have an accession of subsidy, &c.; All this is fair and above board, with the exception that they have, by taking the contract, swept every one else out of the field. A new phase has now come over the question. The P. and O Company now propose a fortnightly communication to and from the Australian colonies and England. The way they propose is simply this instead of the six or seven vessels which now run between the colonies and Suez once a month, they propose that they shall run once a fortnight between the colonies and Point de Galle (Ceylon). This looks on paper and at the first blush a very charming proposition, and so far as the mere fact of a fortnightly communication is concerned, one that might well be hailed with gladness by the Australian interest, and one which I should myself highly approve. But there is something of the " cloven foot" in all this, and it is but fair to point out the disadvantages and danger of adopting it as a permanent arrangement. In the first place the P. and O. Company, of course, look chiefly to their own interests, present and future of course, but the real permanent interests of the Australian colonies must not be wholly ignored in considering the matter fairly. . It is at once apparent that the passengers from Australia to Ceylon must play " second fiddle to those , from Calcutta. In other. words, on arrival at Point de Galle, they must be content to fill up the berths left vacant, and perhaps refused by the passengers I from Calcutta I find in case of an excess of passengers, by which would rMre than fill the steamer, what then? In the Uglieland it is here that the deep diplomacy of the proposition appear" the Preston' proposition of the A. and O.. Company is? accepted for any thing more than as a temporary service.. to burke and seems to me is proposed chiefly with what was the Panama route.' If the proposal of the P. and O. Steam Company be accepted, as I am inclined to believe it will, I would strongly urge that it be conditional, and not for an indefinite or too long a time. I am firmly convinced, and I have therefore long earnestly and zealously supported the Panama route to and from Australia, without having the faintest shadow of any personal interest on the matter. I therefore speak from the most disinterested feelings, and solely in firm conviction, that I uphold the real interest of the Australian colonies when I give that route my hearty support, and urge that New South Wales be true to herself, and not place her interests irredeemably in the hands of any monopoly. The new plan of communication necessarily recommends itself strongly to the interests of the Australian interest, because it supplies them with a long desired desideratum ; but let them not accept it in blindfold confidence. If accepted, it at once and for all, I warn them, burke's, shelves, or disposes of the Panama route. For if once adopted, the English Government will not feel disposed to interfere with the arrangement, and would with difficulty be persuaded to give the other a trial. Let the Australian colonies be not deceived. There is a subtle meaning in the P. and O. Company first making the proposal to the colonies instead of even hinting it to the home Government. Its object is to be able to say that it is the wish, deed, and sub- stative proposition of the colonies to the home Government and therefore, additional opposition to the Panama route will be given. I fear my friendly caution may come too late, as the P. and O. Company have acted in this matter in the most secret and silent manner possible, taking the utmost care that not a hint of the matter should get abroad here until they hoped the subject had been irrevocably decided upon in the colonies. I I have given my views upon the subject, and must now leave it in better hands. The Governments of Rome and Naples, and all the Great Powers, have signified their adhesion to the proposed Congress, and all the Powers invited have accepted the invitation. Lords Cowley and Wode- house will represent England, France, Austria, and Sardinia will be represented by their Foreign Ministers. The Emperor of the French has received the Ambassador of Austria, Prince Metternich, when the usual assurances of mutual regard and hope of lasting friend- ship were interchanged. The apprehension of rupture between France and England has disappeared, but still there does exist a certain want of confidence in his Majesty that cannot be got over. The war between Spain and Morocco continues, and the Moors appear to be getting the worst of it. They attacked the redoubts of the Spaniards at Elotho, but were repulsed on all sides with heavy loss, with 300 killed and 1000 wounded, against a loss to the Spaniards of 40 killed, 30 officers, and 280 men wounded. The third corps de armed have landed at Canton, and the Spaniard intend to assume the offensive and offer battle to the Moors. The latter give no quarter under any circumstances. An attempt to assassinate the Superintendent of Police at Palermo has been made. The French Government has officially demanded from the Sultan his sanction to the construction of the Suez Canal, supported by Austria, Prussia, Russia, and Sardinia. The Turkish Cabinet had requested them to come to terms with England in the matter. I have strong reasons to believe that our Government will waive its objections to the scheme. Mazzini has published an address to the youths of Italy, calling upon them to rally round Garibaldi. From the United States the news is important. Captain Brown, the leader of the recent insurrec- tion at Harper's Ferry, was executed at Shailestown 2nd instant without any popular manifestation. You will scarcely believe that a paper in London, the Sun, applauds the miscreant to the skies-a man who would have dyed all America in blood ! The San Juan affair will, it is now feared, prove more serious than expected. Lord John Russell is said to have insisted that England held undisputed right to the island, and would insist on its recogni- tion, in return for which the President will, it is supposed, set forth the rights of the United States, and advise Congress to maintain them. The Commissioners of Fortifications have recommended works of defence to our dockyards, certainly a very wise provision, and it is therefore supposed that Government will have to apply for a loan of £10,000,000 to defray the cost. Sir Hugh Rose will succeed Lord Clive as Commander-in-chief in India. Cardinal Wiseman has left England, his KoaHVi are quiring a warmer climate. The Volunteer Rifle Corps movement continues with unabated ardour, but without any excitement, corps! ' ~ * " " """ A College for staff officers has been founded, and the first stone laid at Sandhurst, on Wednesday last, by the Commander-in-Chief, the Duke of Cambridge. An Ecclesiastical Commission has inquired into the case of the Rev. James Both well, of St. Philip's, Stepney, for seducing a Miss Elizabeth Yorath, and getting her with child, and causing it to be buried secretly. The Commissioners have decided that there are prima facie grounds for instituting further proceedings. The clergy of the Church of England have addressed a circular amongst their body to elicit the views of the clergy upon the questions raised by Lord Gray, in regard to the revision of the Liturgy. The directors of the Great Ship Company have mortgaged the Great Eastern for £10,000 for six months, with the view of paying off pressing liabilities. The disturbances in St. Georges in the East are subsiding. About £300 gold has been recovered from the Royal Charter. An extensive fort is to be built on Plymouth Break- water, to more effectually protect the entrance to the Sound. Government has expressed its intention to the Roman Catholic Clergy of Dublin, not to depart from the National System of Education, but that it will at the same time, entertain any suggestions for its more efficient application. The opinion of Lord Castlerosse on the subject of the Roman Catholic sympathy in Ireland for the Pope, has received unexpected support, while the popular feeling towards the Emperor of the French in the matter has undergone a change. The South Australian Land Company has declared a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum. Consuls are quay, § ex. div. for the account. Australian Government Securities are all higher, New South Wales lOli to 22. ; South Australia, 123 to 125 ; Victoria, 116 to 119. London, Monday, December 19. The Foreign Ministers of France, Austria, Russia, Prussia, and Sardinia, will be the chief of the two representatives of each of those powers at the approaching Congress, an arrangement which will, of course, verymuchfacilitate the business to be arranged. As regards England, Lord Cowley will be the first, Lord Howden the second. Lord John Russell's presence being wanted in Parliament. It is credibly affirmed, and I have the strongest persuasion of the fact, that the Emperor Napoleon will, on the 1st January, 1880, give to the world some direct evidence of the peaceful policy by an announcement of some kind or other. Austria is about to make a general disarmament, and France will reduce its military expenses one million sterling for the next year. The Times of to-day is in favour of more ships of war and seamen than of any increased expenditure on our coast defences. The trade of the country is progressing very favourably without anything in the shape of speculation. Credit is sound ; money abundant and easy at from 2 per cent. | Consols, 951 to g. Victorian, 6 per cent Bonds, ' 116 to 119 South Australia, 113 to 115 and New South Wales 5 per cent, 1919 to 1921. A very valuable discovery has lately been made in France for the manufacture of gas and water-pipes from a bituminous paper prepared in a particular manner, which have been proved to be stronger than iron, and more durable, tried by the hydraulic press they resist the pressure of fifteen atmospheres which is equal to a fall of 480 feet of water (nearly double the pressure to which iron pipes are subjected to prove their strength of resistance). These pipes are neuter, non-conductor of electricity, and entirely inexorable. They are a great improvement on lead pipes, as they do away with the deposits of oxides and carbonates of lead, so dangerous in every use ; but the price is the grand consideration, inasmuch as the pipes can be produced at half the price of iron, or one-fourth the price of lead, The patent for Great Britain and the RMS ns' been purchased by a company in London, and. Joske, of Melbourne, has been appointed to ent for Australia. This gentleman will go out by next mail, to establish works at Melbourne, for supplying all the Australian colonies with this cheap and admirable invention. Prince Jerome is very ill, but is expected to recover -it is something doubtful. Friendly relations between Sardinia and Austria are resumed. LFBOJT OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.] London, 26th November, 1859. . Louis NAPOLEON has seen fit to put the French press on its good behaviour towards England. The Government which suppressed the publication of the Ultramontane essays of certain French bishops could not evade the responsibility of permitting and sanctioning the daily diatribes against England which for same time had been the common food of the French press. The suppression of what it disapproved, supposed the approval of all that it permitted. The present Imperial order for more friendly references to England is, however, open to the imputation of a politic ruse to suit a temporary purpose, whilst the prolonged sanc- tion given to articles conceived in a hostile spirit may be interpreted as the normal condition of French wishes and intentions. This step on the part of the Emperor has not in the least diminished our preparations for the defence of the country. The duty of national self-defence remains, though the Emperor of the French were guiltless of any premeditated coup. The cost of insurance from insult, from injury, from invasion, is the legitimate penalty of our vast commerce and our free institutions. We cannot hope to maintain our position if we appear before the world as a nation too intent on money-making and cotton spinning, to own a throb of patriotism in our bosoms. Thanks to the energy of a few of the wisest citizens, even Manchester is at last roused to a proper sense of her duty. The cotton city will soon have 2000 volunteer riflemen. Equal spirit is also manifested in almost every part of the country - a spirit that bids fair to be the more enduring, since it has been so cautiously developed, and that must be maintained if England is to uphold her position as a first-class power. The Government has at length ordered that the militia regiments be supplied with the Enfield rifle and is likewise, it is said, beginning to contemplate the formation of another arsenal, deep within the heart of the country. Weedon is pointed out as at once more accessible by railway, and more central for the supply of coals and iron. For years we have been enlarging our establishment at Woolwich, and centralising there the entire manufacturing plant of our military and naval muni- tions, besides making it the depository of enormous stores, Woolwich is easily accessible by water and in the case of invasion, a successful dash might place it in the power of the enemy. Yet we have gone on, from year to year, storing all our eggs in this one basket, and have only just discovered the peril of the proceeding. But for the invasion panic," the thing might have gone on for years longer. Garibaldi has mysteriously resigned the command of the Central Italian army. His withdrawal is supposed to be a tub to the Austre-Papal whale. Whilst he temporarily retires, however, he takes good care to leave behind him all his lieutenants, and the first gun fired will bring him back again. By some it is supposed that he has withdrawn from active service rather than appear to consent to what he knew was inevitable. This, of course, means the restoration of Duke Ferdinand of Tuscany and the re- establishment of the Papal Government in the Legations. Some, on the other hand, maintain that Garibaldi's retirement is the result of direct orders from Paris. The King of Sardinia is regarded as a victim to circumstances, and as only yielding reluctantly to the superior force of his ally, Louis Napoleon, who comes in for a fair share of odium. Favourable news has been received of Dr. Livingstone, who is reported to have discovered a region, where people cultivate cotton largely, and where every one spins and weaves it. Mr. II. Thomp- son (Liberal) has been returned for Whitby, in the place of the late Mr. Stephenson, by a considerable majority over his Conservative opponent, Mr. Chap- man. This is, therefore, a seat gained by Ministers. The Rev. E. H. Beckles, for many years Rector of St. Peter's, St, Kitt's, has been appointed Bishop of Sierra Leone. The death of two distinguished artists \- James Ward, B.A., at the great age of ninety-one, and Frank Stone, A,U.A., at the age of sixty-six announced. London, 2nd December. The rifle volunteer movement is the all-engrossing topic at the present moment, and many who were formerly indifferent, if not adverse, now swell the ranks of volunteers, or head subscription lists as honorary members. Dr. Croly, in a very long letter on the threatened invasion of England, strongly calls on the nobility to do their duty, by contributing their influence, their power, and their patriotism to the volunteer movement. Mr. Rowland Hill urges the lit ÊmDenf oÄs"Pi¿8g8Í AtaffilJKa. BiJáteIV of the plant workmen of the Great Northern Railway Company at Doncaster shall have uniforms provided mr fees and all uxpuuaus \,¡¿a. Lady Mary Thompson has joined the First West York as a honorary member, and several other ladies have followed her example. On the other hand, Mr. T. Duncombe, the member for Finsbury, has written a letter in which he states that he thinks the movement uncalled for and inexpedient. He also says in reference to his friend, Louis Napoleon I am convinced that, next to France, for whose honour and welfare I believe he would cheerfully lay down his life there is nothing that he is not anxious to do to advance the interests, the peace, and the prosperity of England." It is much to be regretted that Mr. Duncombe does not give some reason for his belief. The navy of France is a menace to this country. The continual launching of vessels, the ceaseless activity of the arsenals of our " ally," render it absolutely necessary for us to be prepared for a contingency, which is daily assuming the characteristics of a certainty. Quite a sensation was created here, on Friday, by the publication of a telegram stating that one object of Lord Cowley's visit to London was to convey to the British Government a proposal from Napoleon III. for a mutual disarmament. There is not a word of truth in this statement; although, doubtless, the French Government, finding that England has taken alarm too soon, and is getting ready in earnest, would be glad to adopt any measures to reduce our means of defence. There are several reasons that might lead to such a proposal. Owing to the different nature of the military and naval forces of the two countries, a reduction of armaments in England would be a reality, whilst in France it would be a mere fiction. Again, by proposing such a disarma- ment, Napoleon III. would make a protestation in the face of Europe of his friendly intentions towards England, and thus strengthen the hands of the Bright-Cobden party in their efforts to obstruct our defensive measures, and at the same time furnish his Imperial Majesty with a pretext for throwing all the blame upon us should he ever have recourse to war. The fact is, France has never kept faith with her assertions that she is disarming and in the second place, England has not arrived in the strict sense of the word, not even to meet the bare requirements of self- defence so that to reduce our armaments would be to place ourselves at the mercy of France invi- tations have at length been issued by France and Austria to those Powers who it is proposed should take part in a Congress on Italian affairs, in Paris. If Great Britian should assist in the business, it is thought probable that Lord Palmerston will represent her Garibaldi has issued another of his stirring addresses, in which he proclaims the temporary nature of his retirement, and his abiding faith in the principles which have inspired his exertions in the Italian cause. He entreats his soldiers to remain at their post with undiminished ardour for the holy cause they are defending, for the " truce will not last long." After all the Great Eastern is not ready for sea that is, for a lengthened voyage across the Atlantic. The surveyors appointed to examine whether the contract to fit her for sea had been honestly carried out, report that the hull of the ship to which their survey was specially directed, is not completed, either as respects the " general scope or the " details of the contract," as a first-class passenger ship j and that in her present state it would be imprudent to send her to sea on a lengthened voyage. The report further states that, with the exception of a few cabins, the accommodations are by no means equal to the requirements of a first-class passenger steamer, that the decks are not right, and that a great deal of inferior material has been used in them-in short that there is a great deal of work which is absolutely necessary to be performed before the ship can be trusted on a lengthened voyage across the Atlantic Dr. Smethurst was on Wednesday placed at the bar of the Central Criminal Court, charged with marrying Elizabeth Banks, his wife, Mary Smethurst, being still alive. After evidence had been adduced to prove both marriages, Mr, Sleigh contended that the prosecution had failed to shew that the first wife of Smethurst was a woman capable of forming a valid. marriage. Upon this ground he wittiest 10 shew that there was no case to go to the J T jnr çiaT]r. contented that the question of -the Validity of the first marriage was one which t d to h 5 f M, SSÄ deeds -"for a jury must pronounce: Mr. ¡}le..gh then "¿.tyc^dthe jury, chiefly urging upon their attention that they must dismiss all press . dice against the prisoner. The jury found Smethursfc guilty, and Mr. Baron Bramwell sentenced him to one year's imprisonment with hard labour A large- [ meeting was held at the London Tavern on Tuesday, - to take into consideration the present ruinous state of T the British shipping. Mr. Crawford, M.E., took the "I chair. A resolution declaring the shipping interest in a ruinous state was proposed by Mr. Somes, and opposed by Mr. Lindsay, M.P," who proposed a petition to Parlia- - ment praying for a commission of enquiry ; but only five hands were held up for it, and the resolution was carried proclamation in Tuesday's Gazette declares Parliament prorogued till Tuesday, the 15th of January, then to meet for the dispatch of divers , urgent and important affairs. This looks like meetings ,' for business. Another attempt is to be made next session to check corruption at elections. Mr. E. James (candidate for the Solicitor- Generalship when next vacant) is the knight-errant, and the bill which he proposes to bring in is, as might be expected, more showy than solid. It simply provides that every member shall solemnly and sincerely declare he has not sanctioned bribery, directly or indirectly and any person knowingly subscribing a false declaration, is to be liable to two years' imprisonment. This is a pretty specimen of impossible legislation of inexperienced politicians. No one could have hoped that such a bill would pass, and even Mr. James himself would be puzzled to say what advantage could be expected from it if it did. We have already a stringent provision disqualifying members who have been guilty of bribery, but there is no case on record of a conviction under it. London, 16th December. The week's wonder has been the correspondence of the Emperor of the French with the " four Liverpool- t merchants." Remembering the pranks played by Bacchus with those of his votaries who bring to his worship shallow brains, it is perhaps not very sure. t prising that four men should be found silly enough, after dinner, to write an impertinent letter, even to arc . Emperor. The only wonder is that the Emperor of the French should suffer himself to be dragged into a reply. His correspondents do not, indeed, escape a hint of their consummate audacity, and the manner A in which the correspondence has been received at Liverpool, and throughout the country, will probably be a still more effectual rebuke. Henceforth Messrs. Shaw, Gaskell, Irving, and Mellor will take the place of the three notorious tailors of Tooley-street, and this punishment of their assurance will save the necessity of any official notice being taken of them by the Attorney-General. Of the Emperor's letter, it is enough to say that its professions of friendship to England ave fully discounted by the suspicious eager- ness with which it was published in France. No doubt, he would, just now, be but too happy to secure the confidence of England. But Englishmen. ! have seen too much of the duplicity and the danger of the Imperial rule to trust the defence of their own shores to the good intentions of a Bonaparte. It is stated that all the Powers invited to attend the Congress have now accepted, Rome and Naples among the others. Lord Cowley and Lord Wodehouse will represent Great Britain, and it is expected that the Congress will be opened in the first week of January. It is declared that the object of the British Government is to make " our adhesion to the Congress as little conspicuous as possible." We are, in fact "merely, out of international courtesy," to-- put in an appearance, leaving the affairs of Italy to be settled by those " more immediately concerned." Lord Cowley will " explain, and as far as possible enforce the views of his Government ; " but, if the statement of the Times be correct, it is scarcely necessary to suggest that the probabilities are strongly in favour of the supposition that France and Austria will have it all their own way. There was another battle on Friday between the Spaniards and the Moors, of which we have, as yet, only a brief telegraphic account, resting on Spanish authority. According to that version, the Spaniards twice " repulsed " the Moors, but the only facts that can be considered as established are, that the fighting was very severe, and that at the end both parties resumed their former positions. A Reform Conference was held on Wednesday week, in London, and was attended by Mr Bright, and other representatives of the Radical party, who appear to be agreed in accepting the measure of reform which Lord John Russell has foreshadowed. Mr. Bright has also been starring it in the provinces ; the Liverpool Liberals having got up a Reform Soirée as a set-off to the late banquet to Lord Derby and the Conservative party. Mr. Bright was so excessively statistical that, for the first time in his life he became - slightly wearisome, and some of his hearers left the hall. He expatiated on the advantages of free trade and of direct taxation, and, without suggesting sb^oIíraeTMiifi^H^^fwtíiR-.ExTlijíaaier. sluUl..,ne.x£ that the last smuggler shall be preserved in the British Museum, he yet proposes, in lieu of many if not all Custom duties, a direct property tax of 8s. a year on every £100 worth of property. At this rate a man of £1000 real property would pay it a year, and the man who possesses a million would pay 4000 a year. Sir Henry Keating, the Solicitor-General, has taken the judgeship vacant by the death of Sir . B. Crowder and Mr. Atherton, the member for Durham, has been appointed Solicitor-General. These appointments will come with surprise upon the public, who have been repeating the names generally current on these occasions. But the simple truth is the outside public know nothing of public men's capabilities. The London Press, authentic as it is, is no guide in this matter. A member makes a slash- - ing speech on some set occasion, or he jumps up, like Edwin James, two or three times in a night, and on paper he is a most accomplished fellow ; but, tried by official test, in real harness, many a promis- ing senator is found to be a mere taker. An.. Admiralty circular, dated December 10th, abolishes flogging in the navy in the same fashion that it has been virtually abolished in the army by the Commander-in-Chief. Seamen are to be divided into two classes, and no man in the first-class is to be subject to corporal punishment, except by sentence of court martial, whose ordinary punishment will be the removal of an offender into class two, where he will be liable to be flogged, without court martial, for certain offences. Great activity prevails in our' arsenals. The Duncan, 101 guns, was launched on Friday and on Monday, the keel of the Royal Alfred, 91, was laid It may be remembered that they late Pontefract election gave rise to a difference of opinion between Mr. O veroni!, the Conservative? member, and Mr. Childers, who had petitioned for the seat, Mr. Overend's agent making terms, on which the petition was withdrawn, and Mr. O verend afterwards refusing to give up the seat. The matter was referred to the ex-Judge Coleridge, who has just given an emphatic decision, directing Mr. Overend'" as a man of honour, forthwith to give up the seat, and not to interfere with any attempt of Mr. Childers to obtain it. Mr. Overend will at once accept the Chiltern Hundreds, and Lord Derby will lose another supporter. The Queen has granted a pension on the civil list, of £123 a year, to the sisters of the late Dr. Lardner, whose contributions to science are so well known, and a pension of £150 a year to the daughters of Frederick Cort, whose inven- tions in the manufacture of iron have contributed six much to the prosperity of the trade. The Gazette formally announce! that Lord Ebrington is called to the House of Lords as Baron Fortescue Dublin University is about to grant doctor's degrees to Sir II. Cairns, Sir Emerson Tennent, Mr. Whiteside, Captain M'Clintock, and Sir J. Lawrence.-" It is stated," says " A Civilian," in a leader letter in the Times, " that ten battalions of infantry are about to be added to the army. This will involve the distribution of about one hundred first commissions, which, at the regulation price of £150 each, represent a sum. of £15,000. There are at present sixty vacant corner cies in the cavalry." The Globe says the Queen's commission is a drug The volunteer movement is still going a-head fast here. Lord Palmerston has just added one more character to the " many parts " he has played in his long and distinguished career-the noble Premier having joined the Irish Volunteer Rifle Corps established in London, and, on the authority of the Marquis of Donegal, Lord Palmerston, " though advanced in years, would be completely at their service whenever he might be wanted." For the purpose of encouraging rifle shooting, and thereby giving permanence to the volunteer movement, , a " National Rifle Association " has been formed. The Right Hon. Sidney Herbert, Minister at War, is the president ; Viscount Palmerston, the First Minister of the Crown, and the Earl of Derby, the late Prime Minister, are vice-presidents of the Association. In its i , list of office-bearers we find the names of the foremost men in the kingdom statesmen of every creed, and persons of the highest influence in the senate, in our councils, and in the army. It may, therefore, be seated with confidence that there is a general concurrence of opinion among all classes in favour of the volunteer rifle movement, and that any plan which may be regarded as conducing to its permanence will every- where meet with cordial support, - Spain is at war in earnest with its old adversaries the Moors, and in the engagement which tfj0k place a short distance from Cooma, the Spaniards have been unmistakeably worsted. Still, as Spain is backed up by i France, the struggle between African barbarism and European civilisation cannot terminate in favour of the Moors. Already the correspondent of a London paper is at Ceuta a port just opposite Gibraltar) His letter describes the arrangements of the Spaniards as similar to our own bungling at Balaklava. Ceuta Bay is a very poor harbour, terminating in a dry gully. The horses were landed in the mud, and the cattle floundered about in the water. Ceuta is a poor town of 8000 inhabitants, situate on a tongue of land which juts out into the Mediterranean, and the Seraglio, or seraglio, where the encounter took place, as a half-ruined building some little distance from the township France, while political topics are in abey- ance, attention has been fixed upon the scandalous revelations furnished by a most remarkable trial at Tours, for infanticide. The circumstances of the case are sufficiently horrible, and may serve to point more than one important moral. We fear we in England cannot boast that such a crime is impossible among us, but an English jury would hardly be found to see extenuating circumstances" in it. We doubt whether an English jury, upon such evidence, would have found a verdict of guilty on the grave charge of murder ; there would have been in the indictment a second count, charging " concealment of births," on which the evidence was conclusive. But if they had found the accused guilty, they certainly would never have seen their way to palliate the offence. This is One of the many illustrations we are continually meeting of the difference between our insular standard morals and that which prevails across the Channel. Thomas de Quincey expired in Edinburgh, on Thursday morning the 8th instant one of the most remarkable men of the ago. His works have never been, and never will be, the subject of a wide and sounding popularity; but the unanimous testimony of cultivated and capable judges has pronounced him one of those men who give character to a literary epoch. As a master of the English language, Mr. de Quincey's reputation will long survive. His style was rich and copious, without ever verging on the florid, and his mind seems to have united the two qualities not often found together, of logical precision and poetic fancy. Under the heading of " Strike, but hear," Lord St. Leonards contributes a letter to the Times on the builders' dispute. His lordship declares against the "document," and shows that the law of the land is quite sufficient to bind workmen to their duty without any special agreement with the master. He proposes, therefore, that the declaration, or " document," shall be withdrawn, and that the existing statutes in reference to labour shall be adopted as a shop rule. He suggests that those statutes, or certain passages from them, be framed and glared, and hung up in every shop, and that every man on accepting an engagement be required to make himself acquainted with their provisions. This is clearly the common sense view of the question, but whether either the masters or the workmen will adopt Lord St. Leonard's suggestion is very doubtful Mr. Denison, the designer, has publicly apologised to Messrs. Mears, the iron founders, for having charged them with concealing the defects in the bell, Big Ben. Messrs. Mears, however, refuse to accept the apology, and are now prosecuting Mr. Denison for libel. Meantime some country genius offers to make the cracked bell as good as new for the mere cost of the materials required. It would be highly desirable if some one could do as much for the big ship, and save the painful disclosures which are likely to be made in the course of the inquiry which is about to be instituted into the affairs of the company, and the conduct of certain of the directors. The great body of the shareholders are very much alarmed at the aspect of affairs. The credit of the ship is clean gone with the public. No one believes that she can be rendered fit to hold together during a long voyage. It is possible that these apprehensions may be exaggerated ; but there is sufficient evidence to show that there is something radically wrong about the vessel, and the affairs of the company which owns her A number of gentlemen interested in the linen trade of Ulster met on Tuesday, at Belfast, and resolved to form a company with a capital of £50,000, in £10 shares, for the purpose of taking the necessary measures for procuring a supply of flax from our possessions in the East. At home, when wheat is very low, the area of flax culture is extended ; as soon as the prices rise, wheat is again preferred. Hence the necessity of looking to India, where there are natural facilities and cheap labour A number of merchants and shipowners met a few days ago at Bremen, and agreed to a resolution affirming' the necessity of extending tVic inviolability \- fiCnerson and property on the seas in ttmcJjf.war.t0 910 I been adopted by the directors of the Merchant Society of [Stettin also -Christmas literature promises to be more than usually abundant this year. Five or six of the weekly periodicals and- JUnee Christmas numbers, and the illustrated paper is) a usual, give extra sheets of Christmas illustre' sons. Christmas books, too, we have without nura' year, Mr. Dickens calls his extra number of " All the Year Round," the " Haunted House." Mir, Dickens has always been very fond of haunted things. If any of his readers have guessed that he really believes in supernatural appearances, they have guessed no more than the truth. Mr. Dicker IS is a firm believer in ghosts and haunted houses. Aportionof the " Haunted House has been contributed by Mr. George Sara, who has again joined IVIE Dickens' staff. The "Welcome Guest'"' exhibits a number of welcome guests, and an unwelcome o ac at S Hawley Grange." The editor, Mr. Robert Brough, also provides a charming Christmas gift or 30. entitled " Ulf, the Minstrel," the style and humor jUr of which will remind the reader of Tom Hood in his best days. Dr. Russell, also offers a contribution to the fire- side reading, in the shape of a Dia- ¿y of his residence in India. Lord Brougham is I show- it to issue his Mathematical Works, in one To' me, dedicated to the University of Edinburgh.' Mr R. Lewis, it is said, is writing the Spring article on jTjarwin's " Origin of Species," for the Cornhill Mag ' sine. The poet laureate is to receive 250 guineas for " Sea Dreams, an Idyll," which is to appear in the next number of Macmillan's Magazine. Many of Mr. Dickens' old staff of Household Words are connected with Mr. Thackeray's new venture. 