Municipal "Conference — Some 14 or 15 members of the municipal conference, headed by their chairman, Mr. W. C. Smith, of Bal- larat West, waited upon the Attorney-General, at the Crown law-offices, oh Saturday, with a series of suggestions for an amended Municipal Act Mr. Smith expressed his regret that the conference had not completed their labours before meeting the chief law adviser of the Crown ; but he could state that the present conference concurred substantially in the sugges tions of the delegates who met two years ago, the importance of which had come home to them since then by practical experience. The object of the conference; in seeking the inter view, was to impress upon the head of the law department of the Government the necessity for the pasting of an amended Municipal Act; based upon the suggestion of the conference. The introduction of each a measure to the Legislature, he contended, was the duty of the Government ; but if the Government would not take action in the matter, the conference would feel it incumbent on them to employ some professional gentleman to frame a bill, and to rouse it to be brought before Parliament, by an independant member. The Attorney-General admitted that the measure was one which came within the cognizance of the Government ; but he was not disposed to make any pledge on the subject before consulting his colleagues in the Ministry. This he promised to do in the course of the day, and that he would com municate the result to tbe chairman of the con ference on Monday. Under any circumstances, however, he should have no objection to the Parliamentary draftsman drawing up a bill embodying the spirit of the resolution passed by the conference, and supplying a printed copy for each of the delegates. The Attorney- General added, in reply to a question from one of the delegates, that; owing to tire existence already of no less than four municipal acts, the better course would be for tire proposed mea sure to be something more than a mere amend ment on those which had gone before; it should include all that was valuable in the present acts, and thus be complete in itself The con ference closed its labours on Monday morning after a short sitting at the Town-halL In the evening, the members dined tosrether at the Criterion Hotel — Araus. Coal. — A specimen of coal, obtained at Coleraine, by an individual engaged in tbe process of well-sinking, has been received by a gentleman in Portland, who has submitted it to the test of the blow-pipe and fonnd it to be. superior to any specimen previously procured. We hope; as there is to be a public meeting to morrow evening on the question of . a Gold- prospecting party, that the gentleman in whose possession this specimen of coal now is, will be present with it, and afford every informa tion he can, that the search for coal may co hand in hand with the search for gold. — Port land Chronide. Woman's Wore. — The Englishwoman's Jour nal for June contains a description of tire Vic toria printing-office, opened some months ago, let 9 Great Coram-stz- eet, London, ..few teaching the compositor's trade to young women. From this article we learn that 13 young women and jaris are' now engaged in the office :—u At the VictoriaPress there are two skilled women com positors. One, an Irish woman, who, having somehow learnt the trade, has hitherto gained a precarious Bring by it, rolled in to supply tire "place of some defaulting workmen or to hdp at a. pinch, and turned adrift when tire need was over, dismissed by the master or bullied out by the men. Ajb lack would have it, this poor woman saw a paragraph in some paper, an nouncing the opening of a printing establish ment in London with female compositors, and then and there she resolved to find her way to jt No sooner resolved than dons; and a few weeks since she presented herself at the mana ger's office; ragged and unwashed, with no clothes to her back save those die stood in, but with courage and drill to earn for herself a comfortable Bring if only the chance were given her. That chance she has, and the sudden and courageous flight from Limerick to London bids fair to torn ont satisfactory to employer and employed. The other skilled compositor, a printer's daughter, debarred from- type fbr.the last two yearn, has returned to it with en eager ness and zest pi""" to see; increasing in speed and dexterity each day as the xnst of rest wears off." The editor an American piqier toys he never saw bnt one ghost, arid that was the ghost of a sinner who died without paying for his paper. " Twas terrible to look upon." Influence of Music — An excellent clergy man, possessing much knowledge of human nature, instructed his large family of daughters in the theory and practice of music. They were all observed to be exceedingly amiable and happy. A friend inquired if there was any secret in his mode of education. He replied, "When anything disturbs their temper, I say to them, 'Sing;' and if I hear them speak against any person, I call them to sing to me ; and so they have sung away all causes of discontent; and every disposition to scandaL" A Wise Distinction. — When Earl B was brought before Lord Loughborough to be examined upon appBcation for a statute of lunacy against him, the chancellor asked him, " How many legs has a sheep F" " Does your lordship mean," answered B— — , "a Bve sheep or a dead one ?" " Is it not the same thing F' said the chanceller. " No, my lord," said Lord B , there is much difference : a Bve sheep has four, a dead one but two — there are but two lugs of mutton, the others ace shoulders." Mother 1 mother ! here's Zeke fretting the baby — make him cry again Zeke ; then mother will give him some sugar, and I'll take it' away from him : then he'll squall — and mother- will give more, and you can take tW anH then we'll both have some. — American. Paper. a married woman was telling a staid single lady somewhat on the wrong side of fifty, of some domestic troubles, which she in great part attributed to the irregularities of her husband. " Well," said the old maid, "yon have brought these troubles on yourself I told you not to many him. I was sure he would not make you a good husband." " He is not a good one, to be sure, ma'am," repUed the woman, " but he is better than none:" Ratiixr Idle ! — A popular preacher tells a good story aa a hint to those kind of Christians who who are too indolent to pursue the duties required of them by their faith. He say s, one pious gentleman composed a very fervent prayer, wrote it -out legi bly, and affixed the manuscript to hia bed-post. Then, on cold nights, he merely pointed to tbe "do cument," and with the words, "Oh, Lord ! these are my sentiments," blew out the light, and nestled amid the blankets. The New Bailue of Peebles. — A burgess of this gravely-pleasant town sallied forth into the green, having that same day been made a magis trate. He stnmbled against a cow, and the milker shouted to him, "Man ! baud aff ma coo ! " Wuk- man !" said he, looking sternly at her. " wumman I'm no a man, I'm a baillie." — Scotsman. Sydney Smith, that wise and witty parson, some where remarks in his many spicy "talks"— "Country life la very good : in fact, the best — for cattle ; bnt as for me, I must have society." A Prayer.- — An old negro, crossing a river from a dancing frolic, lost his oars, and came near being swamped. In terror, he went down on his knees, and exclaimed, "Oh, massa Lor, if ebber gwine to help old Ira, now's de time.? TorocRAPHic Knowledge — Once upon a time, a man who is now a stochingmaher in Hawick was a gentleman's servant, and often resided in Edinburgh. He happened, when travelling with bis master, to be in a farm- house, and was speaking to the farmer and his wife about Edinburgh. " 'What;" exclaimed the farmer's wife, "is Edinburgh as big as England!" " Hoot; toot;" said the former, in a reproving tone, "England's no in Scotland ava !" Physic 'em. Sir — A country doctor being ont for a day's shooting, took his errand- boy to carry his game-bag. Entering a field of turnips, the dog pointed, and the boy, overjoyed at the prospect of his master's success, exclaimed — " Lor'.master, there's a covey; if you get near 'em, wont you phytic 'em!" "Phytic them, yon young rascal, what do you mean!" said the doctor. "Why, kill e'm, to be sure," replied the lad. 