SOLEMN OPENING OP -ST. AUGUSTINE'S CHURCH, YASS, \Ye to-day redeem our promise to give a fuller report of the opening of St." Augus tine's Church, and to supply what was omitted in our last issue. Before giving an account oi the ceremony, it may ho as well to make a lew remarks on the edifice. Its length, including chancel, is 85 feet, inside measurement, its width being 25 feet, and its height 20 feet! The tower — 12 feet square, inside — is in height 50 feet, and built of cut stone, is strong, solid, and beautiful. The present spire is only temporary, as it is intended ere long to erect one of stone ; the inside walls are "stuccoed ; the ceiling is of polished cedar, and likewise tlm 'gallery,- whereon acconi- -niodatiou is made for the choir ; the seats, .. 1 ,.r nn,iGl» Ivilllf nilil iU5L> Ul UUUill) Iti) 1H-CV1IJ UWHK comfortable. Tbe sanctuary is richly de corated, and the high altar tastefully orna mented. On tho Epistle side is placed a very heautiful statue of the Virgin and jPhild, of life height, over a richly and chastely furnished altar; on the Gospel' side is the pulpit, and at the remote end of the Church are two confessionals, built according to the rules of tho Catholic Church. The late improvements have been carried out by Messrs. Konna and llawton, in a manner most creditable to both, under the superintendence of Father AIcAlroy. The expense incurred is £1400, of which £1000. — including £140, re ceived on the day of .opening —have been paid, without receiving one sixpence from tho State. A few months' previous to commencing the last addition, inore than £800 were "expended in other- improve ments and in purchasing Church ornaments and furniture. At eleven o'clock, the priests with the attending clerics moved in solemn proces sion from the sacristy to the front door, or principal entrance — a large processional cross being carried in front. '1 he Rev. Father Alc.Alroy, in cope, &c.;, officiated, and was assisted by the Rev. Father Bor- minghani and Father Kavcnagli, of Quean- beyan, who at great personal inconvenience came to meet his Archbishop, and assist his fellow: priests on the important occa sion. liaving arrived at the principal entrance, Father AIcA.lroy read the prayer "Prevent, we beseech thee," &c.;, and, liaving announced tho Antiphon, " Thou I slialt sprinkle me," &c.;, began to sprinkle | the walls with holy water — the assisting I priests and clc-rics meantime repeating the i l's-alm, "Miserere," while proceeding round the church. - Returning to the front door, i Father ATcAIroy read the prayer, "I loinine i Dens," &e.;, which being concluded, the procession entered the church, and while . advancing to the high altar, chanted the Litany of the Saints. Father AIcAlroy > having blessed the church and altar as , prescribed by the ins! motive ritual "f the \- Ga'lmlis Church, read the prayer " Pre- 1 yeinat uos," &c.; The Psalms 119, 1x0 and 121 were then solemnly read, and meantime the walls were-sprinklnd with holy water — the ceremony' being brought to a close by reading the prayer " 0, God, the sanctifier of places dedicated to the praise of Thy. name, pour out Thy grace on this house of prayer, that Thy merci ful assistance may he experienced by all who here invoke Thy name. The pro cession re-entered the sacristy, and the priests robed for high mass. Father Mc.Alroy"acted an celebrant, and Fathers P.ia-iiiiiighain and Eavnnagli as deacon and sub- deacon. Aliss Aloon. pre sided at the harmonium, and the choir was composed childly of the young ladies of 8t. Augustine's School. Both music and singing were excellent, and worthy of the occasion. LYe were particularly pleased with the rendering of the Ivyrie from Mo zart's Twelfth Alass, and a solo, the " Ave Alaria" of Schubert. Among the other pieces sung were Webb's " 0 Salntavis " and " Tantum Ergo." The " Ave Yerum" was also well sung. - After-mass, the Rev. P. Bermiugham, ascending the piilpit, re marked, previously to tho sermon, how sadly disappointed- all- should feel that his Grace tho Archbishop, and his Vicar- General had not been amongst them on that blessed day. The ceremony was shorn of that solemn dignity and grandeur- the pic.sence of the venerable Aletropolitan of Australia would bring to it. lie then added that both priests and people were much indebted to the good and kind pas tor of Qucanbeyan for his attendance, not withstanding the inclement weather and the swollen creeks. The preacher then read the following verses of Scripture : — Anil Jciiih came into the quarters of Caisarea I'hilippl. Ami 111) a-ked liis iliwiple unjrlng, Whom do men oar that tho ion of Man Is! lint tln-y mid. some John tho ltaptist, mid oth- r some, l-.lias, and others, Jorcmias, or ono of tho prophets. And Jesus inith to them: Tint wit- m iln vim snj that 1 nm ? Simon Peter nn.irrercd nndsnld: Then art Christ, tho so, of the llvin.t God. And Jesus answering said to hint. Illessod art thou Simon Barji.im! 1.CCUI1S.' Hush anil hluod hnlh nut revealed it to thee, lmt mv Father, wim is in limven. And 1 say to thee. That thou nrt Color, anil upm this rock I will build my church, and the gates of lull shall not prevail a-jainst it. Anil I u ill give to thee the kcrs of tho king- do:n of heaton ; iwul wlisitnfvpr Oimi sli.ilt IjIihI upon c:irth it sluill be bwuud in heircn; and whatsoever thmi shall It- tise on earth It shall bo loused also in. heaven.— .Win. ccp. 16, v lib » .v And tho Lord said. Simon, Simon, beh'dd, Satan hath d.isued to have you, that ho may sdP. yon as wheat : Out 1 havo prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and thou heiuK nttco converted, confirm thy brethren.— Lute, cap. 22 n. 31. When therrfuro thev hnil dined, J.'sus aaith to Simon Peter Simon, s»n of John, lovest thim me moro than these? He with to' Win, Yea, T.onl: thou knowest that I hive then. He saith to him, Keed my lambs. Hesuilh to him attain,. Simon son of John, Invest thou mj. lie fanith to him.! Yea Lmd ; thou knowest that 1 love thee, i cnith m him. I'eed mv lambs. Ho said to him a tlnru time,- Simon, sou of John, lov. st ihi.u ino ! lVtor was grieved be van so lie lmd said to him a thud time, !.' is tium mo? And lie snid to him,. Itird, tlmn know, -st nil things;- thou knuwost tint i hmj.l!me. llo saitli to linn, Ftcd my sheep. — John, cap. 21, v 10. fiori tho Ron. consubstnntial with Gotl the Father—" tho brightness of Ilia glory jin'd the figure of His substance" — having taken a body like ours and a human soul in the chaste womb of the imwftcultite Mttvy, inathi our nature as tmly tho nntiiro ot the second person of tho Trinity ns liis own natuic to raise man bv the merits of Ilis suflcringa 41 in the likeness of sinful flesh from tho depths of ft sorrowful boudngc to the happy- frebdom of tho children of God. 41 Tho word was mode flesh and dwelt amongst us to redeem the enslaved sons of Adam by tho payment of "a great price," nnd to found a kingdom of rational creatures regenerated and gifted with supornatnral life, over whom the- incarnate' God was to roivm, and by whom 44 His Father's will would ho dono on earth as it is in heaven." This kingdom was not to be a passing institution ; for God decreed, ns wc read in Daniel, "to set up a kingdom that shall never bo destroyed, and it shall consume all those kingdoms, and it self shall stand for ever." This kingdom, not of this world"— set up by God, and not by human hands—guided by XI is in- "dwelling"RpiritTand-n6t4>y-iiuman -wisdom, which 44 is foolishness "—preserved by the power of Mhc immortal King of ago?/1 -and not by that of kings or kaisers, 44 which is weakness" — was to embrace all those who, born again of ' water- and thc''Troly Ghost, arise from "tholavcrof regeneration — it- new creature, dead to sin, but alive unto God in Christ Jesus our Lord," and adorned with supernatural gifts, whereby they are made, as said St. tVter, » pal takers of the Divine nature." Oii tliem God, in the fulness of His love, pours out His sanctifying grnco to raise them to a supernatural life or a statu of beiu"' which nature cannot reach and is not its due, and fit them to see and enjoy God in Himself, not as reflected in creatures. By sanctifying graco the stain of rebellion, contracted in Adam as lather and represen tative of the human race, is wiped away ; over our souls is spread 44 tho wedding gar ment" — that robe of justice and holiness; and we acquire a right to kingly thrones in the 44 new .Jerusalem" as 44 heirs of God and coheirs of Christ," our brother and head. This kingdom, enriched with the boundless treasures i.f God's mercy and love, we call tlie church or the congregation of tho faithful, who, " believing in Christ Jesus" and Ilia doctrines, have been baptised; -Having re- ceived " one baptism," all obtain the like newness of ' life, nnd begin to five tiic same identical life in union with Christ. Having "cine faith, "(ino Lord, and one Redeemer, as said St. l'aul, and cheered on the weary way of life by the one hope, they form ono com pact, united body under tho supreme rule of Christ's vico-rcgent. How beautifully and forcibly does not St. Paul, in Lis pregnant words to llie Romans and Corinthians, describe tho interior life, the external union, tho charity and dignity of God s church : As in one body, wo have many members. , So we being many are one body in Christ, and each one members of ono another. And all the members of tho body, whereas they are many, yet are ono body ; so also Christ. If ono member suffer anything, all the mem bers suffer with it ; or if ono member glory all rejoice with it. Now, you aro the body of Christ, and motnbers of the member. ' Tho church is. therefore, more tlmn an association of individuals who read a holy hook, adopt peculiar religions ideas, and pro testing against what they flippantly call error, " are aggre gated around a doctrine or iorm of, worship by command of an earthly sovereign and the action of national prejudices — by the in fluence i»f passion or a bad early education. The church is " Christ's body, ' and opens not arms to unrogenerated humanity or man "refusing to receive Christ coming amongst his own." "The church is humanity, if I may use the expression." said an American con vert, "supernaturalised and is—to use the words of the amiablo and erudite Oxford scholar, Wilberforco— " an organic body, de riving its lire from perpetual union with the humanity of its head, and guided in pre serving and propagating the revelations of God by the holy spirit sent by Christ to abide with Ilis church for ever." In fine, wc affirm the words of tho same learned con vert — that the sacred Scriptures assert the whole church of God to ho tho body oi Christ, endowed with life by the Son of God. Of this body, which is to ho regarded as a whole, the members are individual bc- | lievors, for as the soul gives life and mo tion to the body, which of itself could have no living motion, so the word giving a right motion and energy moves tho whole body — the church and each of its members.' Now, several societies assume tho name of Christ's e'mreh, and claim to he considered , " His body " They go forth to make prose. lytes in His nano1, nnd teaoh the saving ! truths which Christ sealed wjth Ilis blond, nnd communicated to His apostoiie colloge ; i n- the salvation of tho human race, " until we all meet in the unity of faith nnd Know : h-dgr of the Son of God." Mow then slial ' wo lie aide to discover Christ's church or Hi: , body, wherein ore life and truth? "Ilyi sign," said a great French thinker; " to speak of only one ns resplendent as the sun, which, no false authority possesses — which no false authority can counterfeit— tho sign of uni versality of catholicity." Yes, universality in teaching all God's rcvelntinns, or " the deposit of tlra fnitli anil all nations, nnd in subsisting in all ages, points one society as alone inheriting the favors nnd prerogatives tradition and the holy Scriptures assign tho great "lonelier of the nations." But to pre serve nnd perpetuate this universality, unity of nuthoi it y was necessary. Without unity of authority, universality cannot nnd could not lie. Without a central authority, divi sions must arise, and Christ's kingdom he. split into a 'numlie.r of national churches, ns opposed in religion as in politics. Now, a unity, which time could not disturb, or tho world — '' the enemy of God nnd his Christ " — destroy, human enactments cannot and could not bring about— human wisdom could not devise, or the powers of the earth make last forever. It must ho tlie work of tho Most High, or man may bring it to nought — it must bu of God, or " tlie gates of hell shall prevail against it." Therefore (lid God tho Son, determining like a wise architect to build his church upon a solid foundation — a rock, address to Simon Barjonn the words I rend for you. .From, them wo infer that on IV.te.r was conferred tho 'sublime privilege of giving security, permanence, and solid unity to God's great institution— of uniting to gether in the profession of the same failh, . in tlie acceptance of the same sncrnmcntnl channels of grace, and in submission to Ihe same essential discipline, "the elect of God," called to grace and mercy from every nation, tribe and people. To that holy Roe. which inherits and transmits, through blessed Peter's successors, his Apostolic doctrino and authority — to its rights and its preroga tives I would to-day call your 'attention. I do so with foil heart nnd sincere love for yon all in Christ Jesus. For on this dnv we aro met in Ibis beautiful structure, to thank God on the completion of a temple, erected under tlie patronage of that great saint, who, in 5!H'i, sent by Pope Gregory with a message of peace to Angles and Saxons, entered tho royal presenco (as history tells us), with saintly companions, "cnirying for their banner a silver cross and an imago of our Saviour painted on a hoard, and singing litanies as thoy walked, and making humble prayer for themselves and tho souls to wiiom thoy came." The Gospel, St. Augustine, commissioned by Gregory, mado known to I-'.thelhert, the very same I, inheriting through million confessors and martyrs tho teaching of blessed Patrick, announce to you — after receiving j-ncr.csLo.rders nnd mis sion from tlie living l'eter, X'ius IX. — in a church situate in a laud more "than ten thou sand miles distant from tho scone of his Buf ferings and triumphs, of his labours and his success. From the sunny hours of childhood I feel assured tho chair of. blessed. Fetcr, anil tho bishop ruling God's universal church, ns Peter's successor— from those historic hills, whereon the Ciesars lorded it over an en slaved world— have been to yon objects of veneration .ana sincere nur.cument.- yui it nray'bc, ns timo went nu-nnd- cnres-multi- - plied, anil tlie world's sophisms fell upon your ears, your attachment has heen-growing "weaker. Without leisure or tho opportunity to read the records of the heroism, tlie glory nnd charity of tho Popes, you, forgetting that God built his church on Peter, are por- elianco almost prepared to sacrifice tho sacred rights of the Apostolic Sec at the call of the enemies of virtue, vested rights, and religion. Perhaps a few nf you, hearing the flippant remarks of individuals whose ideas of reli gion dato from the nursery, and rending pamphlets and lectures written by men ut terly ignorant nf the nature of God's church ignorant that it is visible now, lias been nnd shall be " to. the end," like a light shining upon- tho mountain top — visible as a govern ing, serving, working, teaching, saving institution, with its God- given law, life, love, and Supreme Pastor — linvo accepted, with out questioning, Iheiy unproveu statements. Thoy indeed toll you the Papacy is a lmgo fraud and imposturo, and account for its un- deninhlo existence by saying that men of every nation, tribe, and people— many of great intellectual powers, of brilliant genius, and vast erudition — have surrendered them selves body and soul to an old man destitute of great armies and fleets, and spending his time in tlie Vaticam in hlossing ignoranFde- votees, .injeursing individuals endowed with manly independence of thought, anil in plot ting against tho rights of kings and tho . .. liberty...,. ol'.. .nations IIenco,yi\uv.„.ual-u«:ally_ benevolent disposilions have had liard strug gles With tlie suspicions, the hate, and fnlso notions engendered. hj'-lho reckless repetition of thoso nnd tho liko insensate charges. Tims many noble souls tliero aro who long to think well of their Catholic neighbour nnd his religion; hnt since his errors are said to he so many, and priests arc described as so very wicked, they feel constrained not to approve of those whom they would fain love. If, however, they would seek truth nnd en lightenment at the fountain's source, nnd fixing their eyes on tho portals of death opening to admit them at no distant day into tlie house of eternity, ask themselves it' their instructors .while pulling doivn could build upas well, could give n distinct and com plete creed after destroying the creed of eighteen centuries, nnd, unrolling the sacred volume, declare with certainty the truth as stated in the sublime words of Goil's dealings with man, so many hard aiiil severe things would not be said of tho holy Roman and 1 Apostolic Church, nor of -thoso in communion with " tho mother anil mistress of Churches." Wo shall, therefore, briefly examine the nnturo and foundation of the Papacy, in order that your veneration may deepen, your love increase for it, nud erroneous notions he corrected. In the Acts of the Council of Florence wo read the following words : "'We define that the Holy Apostolic See and Roman Pontiff holds tlicpiimacy throughout tho entiro world, and that tho said Roman Pontiff is the successor of tho blessed Peter, tho prince of tho apostles, and is tho true vicar of Christ and tho bend of tho whole church, and father and teacher of all Chris tians ; and that to him, in the person of blessed Peter, full power was given by our Lord Jesus to feed, rule, and govern tho universal church, as also is contained in tho Acts of (Ecumenical Councils and in the sacred Cations." To Putcr and his successor, tho liishop of Rome, wo thoreforo assert Christ lias given supreme authority" and jurisdiction over tho entire church. In a word we hold tlie Bishop of Rome is Christ s vicar and tho visible head of his mystical body. With him all the faithful must bo joined in communion ; from liiin flows nil jurisdiction or spiritual authority. It be longs to him to correct abuses, to crush heresy, and preserve discipline. lie is tho supremo doctor and pastor of souls— tho head of the faithful, binding nnd loosing— in every part of tho world, and preserved by supernatural assistance from error when speaking in the uaino of tho church, in mat ters of faith, or testifying to tho facts of revelation. Ilis exaltation docs not free him from temptation to moral faults ; lie may sin— ho may fall seven times a day— like the just man. God lias not promised him im munity from the assaults of tlie world, tlie flesh, and the devil, nor deprived him of free will. IBs authority as vicar of Christ is in the spiritual or supernatural order, and be longs to him as tho supremo representative of that order on earth. His temporal power or independence ns a sovereign secures to him freedom of notion in tlie spiritual order. " Without temporal independence," said n great philosopher, "supremacy was the en- slavery of truth, confiding it to n single man, nnd that mnn delivered over to tho mercy of ail emperor, or a republic, or some . other human power. But whether in tho sunless bosom of tho catacombs,' or in the liallsnf Ctosar— at Fontainebleauorat Gata— at Avignon or at Rome— in exile or on tho : seven liills— the l'opo 'represents Christ, ' speaks in Ilis name, rnle3 by virtue of II" ; commis-iou, teaches by His nssislancc, and 1 steers Peter's bulk oyer tho troubled waters j r / sin and error, as it hears i 1 1 1 o. t h -. haven ol 1 God's rest His children of every nation | tiibl, and people." The three Scripture ex tracts I have rend for you establish Messed Peter's .supremacy of authority— tho fathers of tlie church nfiirm it. - councils have defined it— nnd the voice of tradition proclaims it. Our Redeemer one day coining into tho quarters of Cmserea Phi'iiippi, asked his dis ciples : " Whom do you say that 1 nm ?" Then Peter professing Lis belief in Iho- , eternal generation of Christ, replied: "Thou nrt Christ, tho Son of the living God." Whereupon Jesus, giving him the promised name, Kiplio or rock, tells Mm that on this rock, or him, lie will build Ilis Church, and thnt " tlie gales of hull shall never prevail- against Mm." Now, the security and solidity of a malarial edifice depends on its founda tion, and the adhesion of all the parts to it and to ench other. lint Peter uns to cfl'ect in a moral structure whnt a solid foundation does for a niateiinl edifice. Cnuseqnrnlty Peter, as C'nu'.inal Wiseman hnrnerfly (R- vclopes, "was to give, laws to and tocxerciso authority over'thii entire church." Peter is, therefore, not its founder, but tho rock on which 'the church was fuiituled, or the su premo authority uniting in one body nil of tlie nietufiuis. Rt. I.eo the Great, in tlie 6th century, paraphrasing our Redeemer's words, expresses this idea .in his own henutifni language : "As my Father lias manifested my divinity to thee, I make known to tliuo thy excellency, for thou nrt lVter— thnt is as I am the inviolable, rock — the corner stono who tnakn both "one— the foundation other than that which no man can lay— nevei thc- less tliou nrt also a ruck, because tin u art strengthened by my power, so that thoso tilings .which belong to inn by nature are common to thee with me by participation." To Peter, thus honored and' marked out for pre-eminent authority, nud tujimutonc Christ likewise promised "the keys of tlie kingdom of heaven," with full putver to .Mud and loose. This figure — so expressive of . supremo authority, nnd of such frequent use amongst eastern nations — retaining its fixed meaning in Peter's case, confirms and unfolds tlie idea couveyuil by tiie metaphor of the rock. It was, however, -.only nfter Christ had arisen from the (lend "the first fruits of them that sleep " thnt Peter— for whom Christ had meantime prayed "that being cr-iivctter! lr> would confirm his brethren " — was installed primate, of tlie apostolic college and head nf Christ's 'mystical 'body. The promise was the reward of his strong, faith; tlie fulfilment; is tho recompense of his pure ardent love for Jesus. In presence of the beloved John, tlio favoured James, and tlie other Apostles, ho hade Peter feed all his flock — lii.s sheep and liis lambs. Now, in commissioning him to feed liis flock, he gave him supreme and un divided authority over that fold of which ho himself was tho emphatically good shep herd. This is the meaning of this figure ill sacred and profane writings- in tho sublimit epic of the Grecian hard, in the w ritings of Prophets and Apostles. It was so used by Peter and by Paul— by Peter in his fi st: Epistle, and by Paul in his touchingly beau tiful address to tho church at Kphcsus. To Peter was therefore given a direct anil pecu liar authority — distiuct from and fuller tlnin iiiai. graureu iu ino uwiur -ipnmius — peculiar, us conferring on him singly a jurisdiction over ail the rust, which was to bu truiisiuitud ns an essential adjunct to liis uiiiuc. '11m othur Apostles hud indeed power to bind nud loose; und, sharing with liini tho Aposile- sliip, their authority was co- exumsive with tlie world, but subordinate to Peter's. Jleuee 'the learned Origun snid — !' As 'something pu- euliarly excellent was to bugi anted to I'uic.r. it was given to him singly — I will give tlieo the keys of the kingdom of heat en." Now, -at Rome, within reach of tlie Mood stained hand of Caisar, Peter fixed liis sen — liis chair. This no selioliir would now deny; tlie greatest adversary of the Pupaey admit the fact re corded by Iruneus- — " To Peter succeeded Linus, to Linus Auaclutus, then, in the third place, Clement." But v,u hold that Peter transmitted to. his successors liis supremo authority, his rights nnd Ms privileges; nnd that the holy Roman Church continues on earth tlie A postulate, 'connecting the uhuruli of tu-d»y with that of tho first PenteCnst. Tlie form of church government, established by tho incarnate God, man — ho lie king or cmperoi-Ycannot alter; as Christ constituted liis kingdom so was it to remain, like him self, "tlie same yesterday, to-d«y, and for ever." lie did not leavu tlie chinch, "ac quired by his blood," imperfect or incomplete in her organisation, to carry out tlie work of salvation begun for all men on tlie cross. Hence, Peter — the foundation or rock on which God's church has been built, to securo ..ti).it1permaiieu.CauLuuasRR-Jernui.e„Cypriau, and Optntus remark-rlivos in liis successors. Christ has not withdrawn from liis sheep and lambs tlie tender solicitude of the pri mate Apostle, A zeal ardent as Peter's, a love as ptiro, and a like firm, confirming faithlinveuliaracterisedtliu.su Roman Pont ills, . who, by Fathers and Councils, aro decliired tlie inheritors of his prerogatives. St. tremens speaks of Rome's " superior headship,'" and Tertullinn remarked that "Rome was not fur off, to which wc can readily apply. Hnppy Rome," lie cries out, " which tho great Aposllcs impregnated' with all theirdoctrinen and with their Mood." St. Cyprian calls tlm Rinnan Church " tho principal church, nnd the source of sacerdotal unity, to whom per fidy can liuvo no access." AtSardien, in tlm days nf tho great Atlianasius, a council of tlireo hundred bishops, in a dilutee, calls tho sec of Peter " tlie head. ' St. Jerome, writing to Pope lJamasus, said, "I'm following no — other than Christ, united to tho communion of your Holiness — that is tlie chair of Peter. I know that tlie church is founded upon thnt rock. Whoever cateth. the lamb out of thnt house is a profane man. Whoever is not m - tho ark shall perish. by the flood, lint fnrna much as being retired into tlie desert of Syria, I cannot reeeivo the sacrament at your hands, 1 follow your colleagues, tho Bishops of Egypt. I do not know Vitalis ; I do not eommunicato with Molutius ; Paulinus is a stranger to me (men of sus pected faith), lie that gathercth not with you scattercth." St. Chrysostnm huving been deprived of his see. appealed to Popo Innocent, and said, "For what did Christ slicd liis blood? Certainly to gain thoso sheep tho euro of which lie committed to Peter and liis snceess'ors." St. Augustine, thnt groat scholar, philosopher, lie of tower ing genius, tlie Bishop of Hippo, writing to Glorius nnd Ellusius, snid, "The Bishop of Carthage, Ceeilinn, might well disregard tho combined tnnltituilo of liis enemies, whilst lie saw hiinsulf united by letters of commu nion with tho Roman Church, in which tho lrincedom of tho Apostolic chair always iourisheil." Again, in reply to Petiliianus, 1,0 writes, "If all throughout tho world were such ns you wantonly assert, what lias beau dono to yon by tho cliairof Peter, tlie Roman Church, in which Peter sat. nnd AtliHiinsins sits at this day." Tho doctrine aCirmcil in tlieso few, out" of many .ox tracts, lias been indisputably established by tlie proceedings of geueral councils— by their deference to tho instructions— their admission of tho dignity and submission to tho authority of tho Bishops of Roino. At tho first Couoril of Nice, where so many soldiers of Jesus nppeared; bearing honorable wounds received in testifying to sacred truth, Sylvester pre- sided by liis legates, nnd to him wore its acts sent for approbation and confirmation. Tho same took place at Ephcsus, at Chnlcednn, and Constantinople. Nay, more, even dol ing tlie darkest hours of persecution and thengeu . of martyrdom, tho supremacy of the Pontiffs while they were entombed alive by Pugan- ;gm was proclaimed and exercised on occa sions, tlie most trying and importnr.t, and in tho case of men'full.v aware of tlm rights belonging to the Roman Roe by liivine ap pointment, nnd ready to resist any act ot usurpation. Tho second century had not gone out ero tlie first Victor excommunicated tlie churches of Asia for obstinacy in tho erroneous celebration of Easter. _ lu tho bil lowing century, St. Cyprian having crrcil at Carthage, Popu Stephen corrected ins error: and the great martyr bishop submitted to i his decision. St. Dionysius, tlie pntrinrcli i of Alexandria, having been reported to tlie i Popo by several bishops as not e'.enrly or- . r tliodox on tho Trinity, wrote a letter of , explanation and apology to the Bishop or \- Rome. 1 may therefore cuuclude, from tue weak anil sleniler premises time allowed me to make, that tho autlioritativo acts of the Popes— the decrees and proceedings of ge neral and particular Councils, and the wri tings of Fathers and Doctors, from Irenens ami Tertnllian to the great Abbot of Clair- vcaux, make more clear than" the sun in' our bright Australian sky the (net Hint the l'opos, -as successors nt St. Peter, liavo received su preme authority over God's children, from sea to sea— from the rising of the sun until tho going down Of the same. Hence, it es sentially belongs to their high and holy office to feed with true doctrine tho sheep, and lambs for whntn the good shepherd laid down liis life to send to tho nations seated in dark ness tho message of peace — to uphold against the tyrant's pressiuo or the seductions of the world and self interest the timid, waver ing prolate — to chide the slothful pastor and reward the zealous priest — to cheer tho suf fering confessor, and gather up for veneration the martyr's bones — to defend God's poor, or to conduct to Abraham's bosom tho souls for whom Christ died. How well and faithfully, in the absence of Clnist in the far off c ni ify, bis vice-regents have guarded the daposit of faith and dispensed "the mysteries of Gyil," history and tho living nations with' nil dloir praiseworthy institutions amply testily. To the Popes ail the nations brought under the yoke of Christ since the angel of PalmOS expired owe the blessing of having seen the feet of them " that preacli the gospel of peace : " Coiestiue sent Putrick tn Ireland, and from Erin Cohmiba went forth to sanctify the Hebrides: Gregory the Great sent .St. .iiigustine in the laud of those mild .. ami fair youths whose «r>lritual destitution ' touched his great heart, as they stood ex posed for sale in the Itoman market-place; A mandus prcaohcd amongst thu Corinthians, nod Kilinn blessed with his blood Frnnconin ; Willilonnd went tn Friusloud ; and tho Fnglish Boniface. hearing with the energy ol Aiigusti'in and the tailing zeal of Xavicr, raised on hieli the cross in ( ionnan-land. hi Jeter times, the prodigy of his age — lie of tho intense Imai t. and burning, consuming love— the great- St. Francis Xavicr. at the couituaud of the vicar of Christ, won hidia for Jesus; and while dying alone and unsheltered on tlio arid plains or Sancian — tho angels chanting songs of victory over his holy re mains— the world was astonished to find that in a few years he had subdued a million hearts, and carried tho standard of Jesus where Alexander dared not enter. In later times, a few Jesuit fathers moved m a small bark along thc waters of the majestic Rio de Laplate, singing the sweet hymns of tho church within sight of the martyred bodies of the first Jesuit missionaries. The un wonted sounds — the plaintive, solemn chant — softened the savage heart. God's grace de scended on Paraguay; it became an Eden under the dominion of tho Jesuits; but tho devil, ' envying their happy state," as that of our first parents, effected the destruction of the Jesuits through the infidels and learned liberals of Europe. But what has happened to the churches that have broken with Peter and separated from the chair of unity and truth? " Divorced from the spouse of Jesus," the curse, of sterility is upon them. "With them the spiritual authority has been merged in tho temporal, and Cæsar has become pontiff as well as king. Unanointed and unsent intruders have taken tho holy fire from the altar and used Æron's censor. The national church, or member of Christ's body, has been degraded into a mere civil polity, and reduced to an aggregate of indi- viduals without supernatural life or assistance to save and guide them. In a word Christ ianity has lost for them its essential charac teristic of Apostolicity, and babes or idiots — boys or girls — queens and kings — may enter where angels should fear to tread, and whither none should come unless called (as Æron was) and ordained a priest "according "to tho order of Melchisedeck." Rash and unscrupulous in denouncing the imaginary errors and crimes of the fond mother from whom they separated, their teachers nro im potent in' the, presence of tho stronger pas sions, whereas Popes warn and terrify or struggle and die to conquer sin. When lascivious kings and monster rulers set at nought the Christian law, which declares the sanctity and indissolubility of marriage, tho Popes presented the cross to the uplifted eye of the profligate, and in bold and fearless tones made known to peer ns well as peasant — to emperor as well an feudal lord— tho will of God, " one to one, nnd for ever, until the cold hand of death break tho sacred bonds." To the 8th Henry of England, or the wife- slayer, Clement replied, "He-had but one soul to save, and could not afford to lose it lo gratify his headlong passion;" yet the representative of tlint great nation applauded and aided the monster when he' severed England by a sword-cut from Ilonio to gratify his criminal desires. The brave and fearless Innocent shielded the broken- hearted Ingelburga, and forced Phillip Augustus to bring back to his In me thu injured lady. Tho first Nicholas and second Adrian Te- proved and admonished the immoral Lothario, and checked the impetuosity of a passion sweeping like a torrent over the homes of tho unprotected. We, who live when the law can reach the debauchee -of high and low estate can scarcely conceive the blessing God sent His people in the person of the Popes, when licentious monarchs and nobles, despising every restraint and fearing no power, save the Papal, unchained the most violent of the passions. "If," said Dc Mestre, "in the youth of northern nations the Popes had not been able to terrify royal passion, princes, plunging from caprice to caprice ami from abuse to abuse, would have -ended by establishing the law of divorce and perhaps polygamy." Yes, only tho Catholic Church, acting nnd speaking through the Popes, lias been able to tame and change tho wild nnd strong passion into chaste affection, and tiring the heart under the soothing and -gcntlo influence of perfect purity. She, commanding voluntary celibacy nt her altars, bus crushed. t\ ith the weight of her censures and east out of her sanctuaries the bold transgressors of a vow freely made ; and proclaiming to tho woilcl the excellence of t irgiual chastity 011 earth as in heaven, has wrenihcd with her blessings tho virgin in mate of the cloister. Hut Ihc monk of Wit- tenbergo, having denounced tho Papacy as a usurpation! mid virginity as an impossi bility, could not consistently refuso to ac cede to the request of the Lntigrave of Hesse. He. in the nntno of religion, and as an extraordinary huro'd of Cod sent to re form His church, approved tho shnmelcss indecencies of that Saxon prince, nnd scan dalised Christendom by permitting puly- gnmy._ The Popes not only maintained the Christian code of morals ami condemned im morality, hut they held aloft over the reach of erroi the revelations 1 f God in all their Divine beauty nnd purity, preserved the slieep of Christ from the mercenary's grasp, nnd warned them off from noxious pasturage. Every heresy or every "rrnr in doctrine, and every breach of catholic communion, have been condemned by them. Every false prophet, from Simon Magus to Janscnius, struck by their anathemas, lias come to Brought. Men liavo gone forth in every ago and nation, saying, "ho! here is the Christ; here is the light which, for years enveloped in the darkness of error ami superstition, bad nigh gone out, until God sent ns to fail the expiring flame." Rut thu Popes resisted the seducers, refuted the lieresiarchs, cut off the schismatics, and proclaimed, "as teachers in Israel having autlioiity," that there is hut one gospel, to which 1111111 or angel dare not add, and which mail or angel cannot lessen or destroy. Tho charity of thu Popes, or their compassion for the helpless ones of Jesus, has equalled in degree and intensity their heroic intrepidity in witnessing to "the faith once delivered to tho saints." To, them was tho slave indebted for his liberty, or the amelioration of his sad lot. In 1167, Alexander III. — as said the standard bearer of French infidelity, whose name I may not mention from this pulpit — declared that all Christians ought to he exempt from slavery. " This law," he added, " ought to render his memory dear to all nations, just as his ex ertions to sustain the liberty of Italy 'must render lfis munu precious to the Italians." Yes, from the days of Philemon to those of Gregory XVI. , thu Popes have endeavoured to comfnrt|.tbe slave in his sorrows and extort commiseration from his taster. They proclaimed his dignity as a brother of Clnist, and applauded the heroism of those .who, sharing their own ardent zeal, sold themselves to liberate the captive soldiers of the cross, From the Popes, John of Matha and Peter Nolasco sought and obtained approval nnd a blessing for tho orders of Trinity and Mercy, established to redeem by money or exchange of self tho captive Christian and restore him "to his friends and sacred homo." Rut in all their labours of charity and zealous workings to promote the holy interests of Christ, the Topes en countered nt every step one relentless, unscrupulous adversary, who seemed never to die nor cease to hate. - At one time lie is hold nrnl open in his assaults ; nt another time, insidious, subtle, and treacherous ns the serpent in Eden. Now lie prepares chains and sharpens his blood stained sword, to terrify ; and again lie uses blandishments, nnd promises kingdom, if tho Popes would only de.-cend from the throuo ou which tin: incarnate God seated them — put on his livery, and band to a usurper " the keys of the kingdom of heaven.'! Yes. the Caesars, both Pagan and Christian, or sovereigns who would be""hoth"k"iiig "aliil" pontiff, have been, with few exceptions, always at war "with the Popes. For three centuries, tho greatest monsters that ever disgraced humanity, in succession hunted them like wild beasts, nnd " allowed only two to die in their beds;" but the Popes conquered, " by the strength nf-martyrdom nnd the grace of God." At 'length Con stantino, hnying embraced Christianity, stopped the flow of martyrs' blood, nnd gave toleration to the church. His unworthy successors— tiie imbecile rulers of Constanti nople-being only intent on supporting their favorite heresies, and wasting their time in theological wrangliugs, while the barbarians plundered their unprotected sub jects — the Popes, assailed ami persecuted by them, flung off Cicsnr's assumed protectorate, fell hack npon.Gnd's sustaining promise, de fended " the deposit of the faith," anil were, in one of the darkest hours of Hip church's being, unanimously hailed by an afflicted people as their saviours and protectors, against both Greek nnd barbarian. Years rolled 011 ; nnd fierce combats with an enemy as hitter, as wicked, nnd degraded, began. The German emperors presumed to " confer investiture of bishoprics anil abbeys by rings anil eroziers — thci symbols of spiritual authority." Then God sent forth from I lie cloisters of Cluni a hero, a scholar, nnd a saint, nnd placed liirn in tho chair of Peter, to unchain "his spouse," nnd drive from tho sanctuary Simonicul intruders. For tho rights ami freedom of God's church, the great and good Hilderhrand, having loved justice and linted'opprcssion, died in exile in a strango land. For the same great objects tho papal legates, Ansclm nnd Peter Damian, contended : fortlieni|tlie immortal A'Reekett, strengthened and sustained by tho Popes, bowed his noble brow, to the stroke of the assassin. His martyrdom won for himself eternal immunity from pain anil temporary freedom for the' church in England. At his tomb, repentant Ilenry wept his crime, and, we -hope, was forgiven. In succeeding ages the same battle has been going on, continued in modern times by Joseph of Austria and tho Corsican Attiia. But in every struggle Peter has been victorious — victorious over the Pagan and Has empires, over Bourbon and German Kaiser— victorious over that greatest soldier of modern Limes, whoso last days wero cheered in his island prison' by the charity and forgiving lovc'of thu wronged nml insulted Pius VII. Have you ever deeply considered how, while man proposes chains and death fur the Bishops of Ilome, God mercifully and wondrously disposes all things for' their honour, their triumph, and their glory. Again and again, statesmen, writers, soldiers, despots, nnd lieresiarchs, seeing or pretending to see in the Papacy only human strength, human design, and human policy, hopefully predict its ruin, and the downfall of what they regard as the ci- tailel of ignorance, slavery, and superstition. To give only one instanco: at Eisleben, about tho year 154G, in the banquet-hall of the Prince of Mansfeld, the lender of the German revolt against tho Pope's supromaey, filled with purest Rhenish wines, and Hearing his liishonoured grave, wrote with trembling hand on the partition, " Testis cratn vivus morieus tua mors ero, O Papa." — " li-rinK, O Pppc LI cr er-wos jnur-banc, And itjing, jour destruction shall obtain." Y'otho, like all tho unrepenting enemies of Christ's vicar, went down in sorrow to tho tomb — the Fapacy yet surviving; his fid- . lowers aro to this day -few indeed, perhaps, not one fuithfnl disciple of his could he found the earth over. His spirit of opposition to the Popes, no doubt, -lives in those, who blush for his writings and his crimes, or falsify and distort history to his praise. Despitc,_ however, the sword or the pen — the soldier or the publicist, the statesman or the infidel revolutionist — Peter's dynasty is as firmly seated over the ashes of paganism as in the days of Pepin and the great Charles ; and the successor of the fisherman of Gallilee commands the lovo, the respect, anil filial obedience of more than two hundred millions, scattered over land and sens. Hard and se- vere things are often, and have been said. I admit, of the Popes, in novel nnd pamphlet, in song and historic record ; crimes tho most awful, and habits the most vicious, nro so frequently laid to their charge in all the writings of the supporters of" tho Elizabethan Tradition," that, in youth, misled by such writers, I believed pride, ambition, nnd grosser rices, had found, -in not a few in stances, tlieir way into the innermost sanc tuary of God's temple.'' Faith, of course, told me the office is from God ; but its occu pants, gifted with free will, and. accessible to the assaults of tho world, -the flesh, ;-and- tho devil, are not impeccable — may falLto riso again 111 the humility of God-given repentance. But wo bless God in a land which has cradled the greatest adversaries of the Papacy. In Germany generous ' Protestant scholars — writers of great learning and unquestionable genius — have within our memory vindicated two of tiie 'most abused of the Roman Pontiffs— Pontiffs represented as personify ing pride nnd ambition. Innocent III. nnd Gregory VII. have at last been cleared from the aspersions cast on them by tlia guilty sycophants of tyrants, robbers, and gross criminals; and the world must now admit them to liavo been pure nnd fearless servants of God— the protectors of the weak against the strong, of the poor of Christ against the oppressors of "His little ones." I shall now, considering the wondrous fulfilment of our -Redeemer's promise to the first Pope, assert with' all the hope history furnishes, and the certainty faith gives, that it matters not how kings may rage against the Iloly Roman and Apostolic Church — bow infidels and heresiarchs may asperse the " milk- white kind," and. tho wicked of earth and hell assail tho Papacy— victory, glory, power, holiness, and truth will ever characterise and illustrate the Roman See, And the unbroken chain of two hundred and fifty-one Bishops of Rome, elected and succeeding each other under every variety of circum stance— both when Rome ruled the world as well as when she was a province or in ruins — in defiance of chains and death — despite kings or kaisers, schismatics, or heretics — whereas all human institutions and all dynasties rise but to decay, and live only in history's page— must afford, to thoso who think deeply and judge calmly, a splendid evidence that God specially guards and preserves the chair of Peter. And men, ho they children or sworn foes, must "look . to the Papacy as the rock which rears itself unshaken amid the heating surges of time." After the sermon, Father Eermingham thanked the inhabitants of Yass and the \- surrounding districts for "their generous contributions, and tendered the special thanks of the priests to these who did not kneel in St; Augustine's Church and yet, in approval of the zeal of their Catholic, fellow- townsmen, and as an expression of their friendly feelings, contributed toliquid- ate the debt, and attended ou this happy occasion. lionediction of the most holy sacrament was then given, and tiie people, delighted and cdilied, returned to their homes. '" To complete the account of the ceremony, we again publish the pastoral address of tiie Archbishop of Sydney ; — To the Faithful "f the town and neigh bourhood of Y'nss, assembled nt tho opening of St. Augustinu's Church. De.im.y Beloved : „ _ It is with no little disappointment tlint wo sit down to writu a few words that Will ho read to you. and abandon the hope we had cherished of meeting you face to i'aco on the glorious occasion of tho opening of your beautiful 'church and the benediction of the work of your hearts and hands offered to the service of your good .God nnd Saviour. It coulil not, however, be that wc should meet you at this timo. Wo left Sydney on Tues day. nnd with every preparation for the anticipated difficulties of a journey to he made in tiie known state of the roads. But our preparations were in vain ; after a long- . struggle, and some dangor of life and limli, we were compelled togivc up the attempt to proceed, and return to Sydney, It is indeed a grievous disappointment to ns. for we had no little consolation in hearing of your zeal for tho house of tho Lord, tiiul we lind anticipated the grentestdeliglit in con gratulating you anfi .your respected and be loved clergymen on tho consummation of your labours, and in offering fur you and with you that august sacrifice by which all we have and nro is consecrated to the blessed service of Almighty God. May His infinite grace bo with you, and accept what you have offered with sincere and generous hearts.. We shall he with .von iii spirit,- and shall share in your joy. You have completed a work, that will inaugurate a day of many blessings. A liou3C for the glory and worshi|#'of God has been raised by .you ; a house in which the bright circle of Christian sacraments will ho often and often repeated to many and many a generation. Every good woik lias its train of happy results, anil none more so than this of building a church.- Every grace that quickens Christian penitence, that soothes a contrite heart, that cheers a. sad spirit, that strengthens a noble purpose of purity anil devout self-sacrifice ; every grace, in short, that in tlint Church of yours shall contribute to. the salvation of men's souls, and to the honour of Jesus Christ, will have its over flow of blessing 011 .you. In this world nnd the' next the good deed will find you ; for even when yon ahull have depniteil hence, your works in this kind shall follow you. Viro spenk ns of a thing not only well begun and well advanced, but absolutely finished; for how could we doubt, seeing what you have done already, that anything in tho shape of debt still remaining will speedily bo wiped away. Y'utir priests, with whom you have wrought so nobly and to such happy effect, wifl not long have tiie burden of debt upon their minds. It is tiie property of generous hearts, nurtured in Catholic faith, to offer more abundantly in proportion to the abundance of past gifts. It will be so with yon; wii know it will, and have no fear of disappointment. Y'ou liavo dono all for the glory of Goil, nnd will continue to net in this spirit. It is tho grand motive of all, nnd wo need scarcely enforce it on you, This only 'we will add, tliatyouropeningdny falls happily on a festival in honour of our Lord's-blesscd Mother. It will ho a suggestion of warmer love, and a fountain of additional and pe culiar grace. May the .Holy Mother of God present to her divino Son you and that Church, tho work of your hands, and bo your eternal advocate at the throno of tho Sacred Trinity. YVith these few words of nffectionato ex hortation, we impart to all and each of you our paternal benediction. t joiin bede; Archbishop of Sydney. Sept. C, I860. . " Ak _ Affectionate Nephew. — After the committal of James Morrissy on Thursday last for tho murder of Patterson, tiie mur dered man's nephew enquired of one of the police officials if he could putliim in the way of getting Morrissy hung at Goulbnrn, and avowed his intention of employing two bar risters to assist the Crown Prosecutor in furthering his desire. Such a sample of an -alfectioiinto-relntrye-isrrarely- tirherTiiet with. A Quid fob Cai-mix Mabtinuale to CilK'v.— One of our storekeepers sent home to England fur an nssistnnt. who stinted in June, and arrived in Sydney on Tuesday last, and will probably roach Y'nss to-day. The same storekeeper forwarded goods from Sydney for Y'ass in June, and, owing to the disgraceful sritte of the roads nnd want of proper men at the head of affairs, they have not yet come to hand. Tims 10,200 miles liavo been accomplished before' 100. This little hit of information wo lay before Capt. Mart i mlnle as a fact that can be substan tiated. Dm O'CoN'Non's Lectube. — The render is reminded that 011 Monday evening next Dr. O'Connor will lecture 011. " the Papacy — its influence on civilisation, freedom, and social pi ogress," in tho hall of St. Augustine's Literary Institute. A Coui.t of Quauteb Session's will he holden at Y'nss on Monday, the 12th day of November next. In the Estate of M. and A. Alexander a first dividend of 0s. 103d. in tho pound will be 'payable, unless a caveat against the plnn of distribution bo lodged nt the offica of the Chief Commissioner of Insolvents before Wednesday, tho lilth September. The Jewish New Y'eab commences on Mo ml ay and Tuesday next. The number is 5021. Furious Driving, — Yesl'crday. morning a cart containing five or six persons was furiously driven along Coomn-street, nnd on its returning back at the same pace was overturned when near the "Fortune of War" Inn, the living freight being precipitated to. the ground. Some slight damage was done to tho cart and the horse lmncd, blit the men escaped without any further injury than a good shaking. Goulrurn, 13th Sept. — Extract from a private letter: YVo have had nothing hut rain, rain; to-day it is dry, with a fine westerly, brcczo. Everything very dull. The placo swarming with beggars, the miserable Kiaitdra returns. IIolloway's Ointment and Pills.— Hooping Cough. — This harassing disease now very prevalent anil largely swelling tho bills of mortality, is sure to extend its dominion, for its contagiousness contaminates all children previously unaffected. Fortunately for hu manity this alarming disorder is now fully placed unileroontrol by Uolloway's Ointment, which allays tho nervous irritability, anil chucks the disease. Childcrn of all ages anil constitutions are daily saved by rubbing this Ointment 011 tho spine nnd chest ; its virtues penetrate tho skin, enter ihc blooil, repress irritation, prevent inflammation, moderate the cough, whoso paroxysms they ore long subdue. If old enough, tho little patient should take IIolloway's Pills to avert future pulmonary dangers. Both, used simultane ously, soon quell tho severest coughing fits. — Adcerlisemcnt. 