HUNTING. X UV« HirV vrltU III* MEtDOtmilE . HOV.1»V .'-?-'-— Til- the Editor of Bell's Lift in Victoria. - ?*, V it Silt,— To record a run -with the hounds at this '?' Um- ' tho year, whon the heats of etim:iicr are still ovt- , must appear somewhat sjnwular to those whr- '' are. jp in tho hunting craft; 'but, imtbolcos, despite ' a warm morning and parched grou;\d tho M.1LC. pack ' had a ' bye sliy*' last Tuosday morning. Now, were we at home In mcrrlo England, at tucso number of . weoka after tho close of. Ihb liaryost, it would bo in the regular order of things to have an occasional scampor ' after uuba, just for the double object or waiting tuo ' , varmont up a bit, and giving tho young entries a few practical lessons : but at this far sido of tuo world, whoro * all rulos go by contraries, ; from cherry -stono.i to Par . * llamentary practice, cub-liuntlng is t, diet non, ?a i and wo. dull at onco.inlo tfio full-blown chase about a month after ovon tho last jack hare .has gallantly dlod on downs or lowlands. A pleasant surprlso, therefore, was It last Monday after ' noon, whon tho worthy master informed a select few ' that tho hounds would moot (at Dannistcr's Racecourse hotel at daylight tho next morning! though it puz ,, iled most liow to o'ttaln a respectable mount, as tho ; tried hunters are scaroly yol taken from their paddocks. ; Tho occasion of tho suddon call to tho field was a special ? request to Mr. Gcorgo Watson tint ho would either kill ( or'd ? -J frighten' a certain dingo that for tomo days V. hod daringly frequented tho 'purloins' (as senator Don ' said) of tho Sultwator rivor, and whoso nightly mijoy ? ment seemed tho destruction of eheop on any but tho moderate principle of appotito which might havo boon \- - expected from tho moot bloody-minded villalu of his irluo. Accordingly, over good-natured, nnd n'-'v:|i clad oruu C.1CU3B for a. burst into tlio liurga n, mi -. -? llmtivii answer whs iminoi|iatcly nccorded, ullhoiiK' ''» I hounds nra nuirly us fat na prizo pigs, not having yot gono lioyond thuir walking oxorckio. Great was ' tho oaL'orneaa nnd excitement, in soon a* tho good iiowa cot wind ninoiiBit Iho *-ltl liaiulx, to contrive tliul oaoh nhoiild iiutko ono at tho uuexpecteil tryuti chum inyutirlouuly whisjicrcil to chum, rcyulais piivutely coavered the sews to tyro friends, and many used all sorts of exertions and dodges to borrow for tbe nonce some prad of known jumping capabilities, as timber yas UkelyTts abound. Before peep of day, on Tueiday morn-' ing, the first to reach Banni»ter«'was a.Kew Zealand sprrUman not unknown to Victorian lame, and bis shrill ' Toicks ! there !' quickly startled from the arms of Morphy the residents in that hoitelry. Soon the portly landlord threw open hisdoori, and_.before the' goldtn edge of old Sol appeared above the horiion, the pack, accompanied by the master and two whippers in, came trotting up over the hill. The muster, a mors select thin numerous party of about a score, did not waste time in imbibing early mornings, for they were not of the sort, that require jumping powder, and a'cheery' loo-too too from the shrill horn was instantly obeyed .'as the signal to mount and away. Itis very seldom tnattbe chronicler mentions the patronymics of those, who tun rat, and that forreasom which it does not require a-seer Trom Gath to explain ; though a good guess can alwavs be made by the initiated through the names of the nags bestridden. As before mentioned, most of tbe seasoned hunters are not vet taken up, but Mr. WaL*on was mounted on his clever grey, Little Wonder; Fred: on LongDo^; the second whip on Coquette; the visitor from the Maori island, on Countess; whilst Comus, Jubuj, Sam Slick, Ximrod, and Hector O'flalloran, com prised the other quadruped] of fame. According to tbe instructions received of the blood- thirsty wild dog's usual whereabouts, the hounds were taken on to the farm immediately above tbe racecourse, and in Birnie'i pad dock were thrown forward with a 'Toil go seek!' Gladly, and a! might be expected for a Srst day, rather wildly, tbe darlings obeyed tbe order, and scattered themselves in earnest ques,t of a quarry. In vsin, how ever, wa3 cast after cast made over grass and ploughed land, and along the edge of the river; not a whimper or feather told of an outlying scent. For some twenty rninutM was the draw contiuued nbout tbe farm, though not without some fun being afforded, for there were b?vbt»1 fences to cros«, and our master is not the man to miss tbe chance cf schooling his clas? a bit. Xn occa sional top-rail was smashed, and one fence carried clean through ; but the jumping wu very fair considering, and (he performance of a nephew of Uncle Sam (whose maiden appearence it was) on little Kimrod, was highly creditable to both scholar and teacher. Wherever Wat son went, he *eem;il to considir it a duty to follow, and manfully he stuck to the pig-skin over such nights of timber ns three months ago it would probably have taken the wealth of one of the Collins street banks to induce him to cross. Finding that the sheep-sUyer could not have been pursuing bij nefarious course in this quarter, th? hounds were brought 'to heel,' and a move made towards the course. On reaching the hill that over looks that largo flat, a succession of piercing 'halloos,' the echo of which has faintly been heard for some quar ter of an hour, welcomely greeted our ears ; and, «n cast ing our eyes in tbe direction of the v«ice (we'll call it Robin Ruff*, as tbe caller was a friend of Gaffer Grey's),- signals were instantly recognised that indnced a careful - survey of the ground beneath. To the joy of all, tha object of our search was coolly lounging in the very centre of the running ground, and. evidently utterly ignorant of the array tha'. was marshalled for his special behoof.. An uplifted -warning hatd from the' master commanded caution and silence, and obliged to. risk startling tho enemy by having to charge the fence on the slope of the hill, an approach was made so near' that- tho hounds dailied 6lT at. view. For the first' few Hundred yards, the chorus of music was more delicious than any in ' II Trovatore;' but the pice so Boon became desperate that no time was allowed to throw a tongue, and away we all streamed into and across tbe training ground, up the steep rise, over into, tho read, past the. cattle yards, round the road to the left, then away down the narrow lane to the right. . Here the varmint was headed by some labourers, just as he was evidently miking across the Castlemaiuo road, for the Park, anJ probably intending a circuit to Moonee Ponds that would afford a merry dance indeed. On turning, the dingo made across some small enclosures, and appeared inclined to rise the hill again towards the new market, but, being closely pressed, ho shifted to the lower ground and led us to the old slaughter houses, where all the pack threw up, except, as afterwards found,' two leading hounds that were hidden by neigh bouring cottages. Here we were, quickly told by the astounded slaughtermen that tfio (lingo bad just ran under the floor .of the building, -and. on taking a peep, sure enough, a dark looking animal was seen couched at full length. ' A sovereign for any ono who will turn the brute out,' shouted the master; and straightway men and boys commenced poking through the boards. . After a long delay, ' Here he comes ('screamed a youog raga muffin, and forth crawled, to our intense disgust, a miserable little black cur. Ere, however, we h»d time to vent the curses that were on the tongue's tip of each disappointed fellow, fresh hope was kindled by a man running up to say that the actual traitor had gone on, followed by a couple of hounds, and that the mise rable puppy before us had merely jumped up in bodily fear before tho pack, and thus misled them and us. In a trico the master, made a ('lift,' and Gaylad soon declared that' the information was correct. But; sad to say, on such a- hot morning theBcent would not hold forfive minutes, and theattempt to continue on ths line of the loit one was hopeless. Determined to try tho chance of. another gallop; Sir. Watson trotted on to the tea- tree cover at the Bend of the Yarra, and at his 'hie in 1 there!, hie in I' the darlings went busily to work, though nobody dreamed that anvgame would be found. ' However, firstawhim pe-, tbe'n a challenge, and a quickly answering burst, un deceived all in a very few minutei, and through the brake and bog horse and rider had to puih their way before thev hardly knew where they were. Luckily, a check occurrod in a few minutes, for the place wasn't ridoablo at all, and a ca3t was made back to tbe river side. Just as the water became visible through the tea- tree, the pock in a second burst into full cry, and on n earing the bank we stw a largo .vellow dingo cross tho Yarra and take to the opposite plain. ' WhoYgame to swim for it?'sung out tlio matter-, and, quick as the'words were out of his mouth, forward dashed his new second whip. 'Hold hard, yon young d- ? 1, or you'll bo drowned.'1 only just saved the plucky lad from plunging in, for onco in, lie never could have got ont, so steep and rotten are the banks. Like a flash of lightning, an idea evidently crossed Mr. Watson's brain, -nnd he led us at a brisk two miles canter, through the rough ground down to tho gas works. ' Hero ho had the wbippcrs-in crossed in a boat, and tho moment they gave, according to his in structions, a 'view holloa!' tlio hounds sprang into tlio water and followed them' to tho other tide. . Leading their horses, wo galloppcd toward) the town to cross the bridge, but it was found that two of our number were missing, to wit, our Now' Zealand and American friends. Whether they had turned homewards, or daringly swam tbe Yarra, nobody wou'd positively aver, but tho former was the generally received idea, in suite of sundry Joe-King remarks as to the neck or nothingness of him who bestrodo little Nimrod. Littlo more remains to toll. Through Flinders- street, and over Princes Bridge, wo rattled at a pace that rather electrifloil tbe business folks who wore just plodding to their daily avocations ; and ncros3 tho plain to the right of Sandridge, wo raced ns for a wager, to the Bend. Thoro wo found the pack, remounted the lads, and quickly dragged along the fluti but, save an occasional ' feather' that told tho varmini had been about, no business could bo transacted, and reluctantly tho word was glvon, ' homowards.' There is a chance of another early meet taking place ilitrlnr* tiftvf \tfi-nlr If tlin atiannir Illnr lin tint rlnatrnvfM by more ignoblo hands j and, as the hounds will have had a breather or two, bolter luck may be counted on in ' blooding' them. ,So, In tho prospect of another yarn to spin, thus ends Iho present veracious history of ... . . ? . NIMROD'S GHOST. ; 