RIVER MERSEY. Orphan hours, the year is dead, Come and sigh, come and weep; Merry hours smile instead, For the year is but asleep. See it smiles as it is sleeping, Mocking your untimely weeping. - Shelley. "A merry Christmas to you and a happy new year," Such are the greetings of the season; so with a bounding heart and in a joyous tone we will repeat - A merry Christmas to you and a happy new year! Christmas hip, hip, hurrah! Up, up, and away over mountain and wave, swifter than the electric flash, away and away to our childhood's home. Here we are, and we care not who knows it; in the land of long nights and short days, of warm hearths and sunny hearts. We will skate over the frozen ponds and make casts of ourselves in the piled up snow drifts, and shake hands with old Boreas as we would with a friend or brother. We will listen to the peals of the merry bells as they talk to each other from turret to turret, "discoursing most eloquent music." We will out into the fields and the foot-ball shall "find no rest for the sole of its foot;" and when weary of the game we will make balls of the immaculate snow and pelt each other for the very fun of the thing. We will array ourselves in the invisible coat of Jack the Giant Killer, and we will ferret out every crevice and cor- ner and visit every haunt of the ghost, the witch, or the fairy visited by us or talked of by us in our younger days. Rolicking, tumbling, catching and scram- bling, hurrah, hurrah for the "Blindman's Buff!" We will "hide and seek," nor be daunted by the stories told of rusty hinges and ponderous lids and treacherous springs of old oak chests, or of the dreadful fate of the lovely bride as told in the song of the Missletoe Bough. Plum-pudding and beef, bona fide John Bull's, shall feast our spiritual eyes. Mary, the round-armed rosy-cheeked Abigail, shall be haunted in her well-stored pantry. Tarts shall be stolen and milk-bowls skimmed, and beer barrels tapped, aye, tapped and spilled; for we hate the beer though we love the cheer of a merry and mirthful Christmas time. Ye shall be haunted, aye, haunted in your chambers ye bachelors and maidens, ye married folks and puling babes. Comfits like hailstones shall be battered down on your young heads, and lozenges like snow flakes shall cover us, and barley sugar like icicles shall hang round our jackets, and we will be weighed down with a winter of confectionery. Into the ears of old men and women we will talk like an oracle of ancient people who walked our world in cocked hats and peri- wigs; we will sail with them over the seas and gather corals and sinuous shells from Indian strands; we will laugh over the tales of other times when those patriarchs played at football and rivalled bold Robin Hood, he with the longbow. Our heart beats for joy of talking to these wintry-headed men; and our grand mothers with the high cap and velvet shoes, they shall dance in the innocent dance of a little girl that begs a new year's gift; and by our sweet influences grandfathers and grandmothers shall become young people, the silvery hair shall become smooth with the days of full and long ringlets, the crutch shall be flung into the attic, and if the hand cease not to tremble, it shall tremble doubly not from palsy but pas- sionate joy. Hip, liip, hurrah! Up, up, and away over mountain and wave, swifter than the electric flash; back, back again to our manhood's home, Tasmania's isle, bright sunny clime of the south. We have taken the liberty of Intro ducing our remarks on Christmas at the Mersey with this "flight of the fancy." Christmas is a joyous time among all classes, in nearly all countries. When the cupboard is crowded with plenty, and the heart feels no upbraidings for bad acts committed, there is an exuberance of mirth and glee, and merry- makings, and love-greetings, and visitings, and giving of presents seem to be the proper outlets for it. The first indication of this joyous season with us was to be seen in a certain class of individuals - wearers of dirty blue guernsies and dirty striped shirts, sporters of short black pipes and dark eyes, and rosy-blood rosy-cheeks - those sufferers from the continued attacks of Dypso- mania - lounging about the bars and ve- randahs of our public hotels. As we have no sympathy with these men, as a class,we will say little of them here, but leave them to enjoy their own peculiar intellectual pleasures in the dead-houses connected with the said hotels, or on the convenient floors of our comfortable watch-houses, or in the grey-coat gang. We may mention, however, that we did see one meritorious individual, the liberal-hearted host and owner of the ---- Hotel, most laudibly endeavouring to revive the fine old English game of quarterstaff (so admired and ef- ficiently practised by Friar Tuck and Little John in the days of Robin Hood, the bold forester) by practising on the head and shoulders of a man nicknamed "Boxer." We could not help observing that though a "Boxer" by name, the be- laboured fellow was not a boxer by na- ture, for his prudence seemed to lodge in his big-toe-nail, and his valour in his heels Poor Boxer! How thy head did bleed, and yet how forgiving thou must have been, for we never saw thee attempt to re- turn the bewildering blows of his gallant hostship, except by trying to throw a stone, which would have required the strength of three men to lift it. Good by Boxer. Our Christmas was inaugurated by a quiet walk along the beach, between the Mersey and the Don. The sky was dull and grey, with clouds, and as we stood on the Mersey Bluff and gazed on the wild waste of waters, our thoughts wandered on and on, and up and up, till lost in the dim distance of the past and the immeasurable depths of immensity. Coming round the Bluff we fancied we saw indications of the sea having receded, though now aggress- ing, and what is now the rocky headland known as the Bluff, was formerly an island, perhaps approachable on foot at low water, and perfectly isolated at high water, like several of the islands whlsh now exist along the Coast. But we may choose to speak more at length on those matters at some future period. On Boxing Day there was a general gathering of the friends of teetotalism at Mr. Dean's point. Being strongly at- tached to the excellent principles of total abstinence, we formed part of this "goodly companie." A beautiful pavilion had been constructed by Messrs. Cocker, Shep- perd, Reynolds, and Stephens, of green boughs, fern leaves, and flowers, a short distance from Mr. Dean's house, and though the day was very dull, and threatened rain, soon after mid-day there was a brisk master on the ground. Youngsters were playing at bat-and-ball, leap-frog, &c.; and ladies - God bless'em - were tripping about the pavilion decora- ting the tables with flowers, and preparing for the coming feast. When I heard the voice of Mr. W. B. Dean, the respected President, and looked out and saw him coming toddling along on his crutches (the first time I have seen him since his acci- dent occurred) I felt as though I had swallowed something hot and disagreeable, sympathy affected me so strongly. Tea was on the table at 4 o'clock, about which time several flashes of lightning followed each other rapidly, and were accompanied by loud cracks of thunder and torrents of rain. This caused no little inconvenience, but it soon cleared off, and after the tea the President took the chair, and Mr. Cocker, the Secretary, read the following report - "MERSEY TOTAL ADSTINENCE SOCIETY. "This Society was established on the 1st February, 1859, when Mr. Hainsworth delivered the first lecture, and the follow- ing officers have since been elected:- Pre- sident, Mr. W. B. Dean; Secretary, Mr. D. Cocker; Treasurer, Mr. W. Hastie; Committee - Messrs. Parsons, Shepperd, Reynolds, and Downie. "The Society consists of 62 members, who have all signed the pledge since its commencement, and the bulk of whom were never before abstainers. Six have left the district, and still maintain their pledge. "The Committee have great cause for thankfulness and renewed perseverance, believing that with only three or four ex- ceptions all have remained firm to their adopted principles. "In connection with this Society, there has also been a band of hope established, under the judicious management of Messrs. Parsons and Downie; valuable assistance being rendered by Mrs. Jones in conduct- ing the singing. "'The Committee beg to thank the fol- lowing gentlemen for valuable services rendered during the eleven months:- To Mr. Hainsworth, for two lectures delivered and one recital of Gough's on "Man and his Masters;" Mr. Denny, for one recital of Gough's on "Habit;" Mr. Cartledge, for two lectures delivered; Mr. T. B. Swift, for one delivered; Mr. Dean, for one recital of Hugh Stowell's, on "Five Shillings and Costs;" and to Messrs. Shepperd, Parsons, and Reynolds for able advocacy. The monthly meetings have been ably maintained, with one ex- ception, and that when our respected Pre- sident met with his severe accident in Sep- tember last. The committee feel grateful to the Almighty, and have great cause for encouragement in the progress that has already been made in alleviating the evils attendent on intemperance, believing that total abstinence from intoxicating liquors has a tendency to elevate the man, while it helps to extend the kingdom of Christ," &c.;, &c.;, &c.; After the report had been read, ad- dresses were delivered by Messrs. Nibbs, Hainsworth, Shepperd, Cartledge and Denny; and the meeting was prolonged to a late hour. Then three cheers were given for the ladies who had superintended the trays; three for Mrs. Jones and her pupils and coadjutors; and three for the President; after which the meeting con cluded. Great, praisls due to Mr. Cocker for the taste displayed in decorating the pavilion, and in the energy displayed throughout the whole affair. Though my communication may be considered too lengthy, I cannot refrain from mentioning a circumstance brought out in this meet- ing in connection with the morals, &c.;, of the district. It seems that it is a practice with some masters to pay their men in orders on publicans, and receive five per cent. discount on all orders so paid - thereby sending their men into the very mouth of temptation. How a man can call himself a better man morally than the drunkard, and kneel down and worship God with this five per cent. in his pocket, stamped as it is with the curse of God, we find it difficult to imagine. A similar gathering of the friends of Sunday Schools and education took place in the West Mersey School on the after- noon of Wednesday the 28th. Tea was provided gratis by Mrs. M'Arthur, Mrs. Kelcey, Mrs. hest, Mrs. Jowett, Mrs. Phillips, and Mrs. Hainswortlh, and the proceeds of the meeting are to be devoted to the furtherance of the interests of the school. The children of both Day School and Sunday School were provided with tea gratis by the committee. Mr. M'Arthur not being present at the commencement, Mr. W. Jowett was elected chairman, Ad- dresses were then delivered by the Rev. E. P. Adams (Church of England), the Rev. T. Angwlu (Wesleyan), the Rev. W. Mathison (Independent), Mr. M'Arthur, P.M, and Mr. Cartledge, Everything passed off very pleasantly, and a great number was present, till near the con- clusion, when the Chairman, who ap- parently could not appreciate Mr. Cart- ledge's total truths, and his ideas of the necessity of children being brought up in habits of total sobriety, made an uncalled for and injudicious remark, and the meeting was abruptly broken up - thanks even to the ladies being forgotten. Their services, however, are duly appreciated by all who have the cause of education really at heart, and it is to be, hoped that the ap- parent slight cast upon them will not dis- courage them from rendering assistance in future. On the same day, a friend informs me, upwards of seventy persons partook of tea on the summit of Mount Beulah, Tor- quay, the residence of Charles Friend, Esq., J.P., it being an entertainment given to the teachers and scholars of a Sabbath School commenced in his house about four months since. Many parents and friends of the children attended, and by 3 o'clock in the afternoon the garden and paddock were well besprinkled with joyous faces eagerly engaged in games of bat, ball, and rounders, frog leap, swinging, sea- sawing, &c.;, &c.; The grace before meals having been chanted, a universal war was waged against the sandwiches, cake, fruit, &c.;, partaken of in the open air; and after a brief address, showing the progress of the school, and calculated to encourage re- newed efforts for the teaching and spread- of the Holy Scriptures, the missionary box was opened, and the sum of £2 8s. 2d. counted out, much to the joy of the little ones, who had weekly contributed their pennies, it being intended to forward the same to the Rev. A. Stackhouse, the Secretary of the Church Missionary Society. The utmost harmony prevailed until dusk, when having sang the national anthem, and given vent to three hearty cheers for the Queen, the ladies, and last, not least, the dear children, the assembly dispersed, apparently much pleased with their holiday. During the last month or six weeks the weather has been very propitious. Sun- shine and shower are doing their work most energetically. Those crops that were in early seem to be doing well, while those that were in late are only so-so. We are far from being an authority in gardening matters, but during the last few days we have seen beautiful patches of cabbages (and we would remind you all, good friends, that we are in nowise related to a tailor - though we candidly admit that a dressmaker is our near neighbour \- and also that another dress- maker is our near - very near acquaintance, but it is not of their cab- bages that we would speak), grown on sandy soil, with not a touch of blight visible about them; and we were informed that this "consummation devoutly to be wished" was brought about by watering well with soap suds. On Thursday we spent a couple of hours with a couple of friends in Mr. B.'s garden - a garden which is pleasantly situated on a hill on the west bank of the Mersey - and we thought there was a superabundance of some kinds of fruit, such as gooseberries, raspherries, currants, &c.; "We have made a mistake," said friend D., "a sad mistake, sir. Be- cause we could not got returns in four or six months from the land we have neg- lected It. Three years ago this was bush land, and see what it is now. We have made a mistake, a sad mistake." And so it seems. We have taken the liberty to be a little more jovial than usual, and to speak in a different character. The season gives us license for the former, while we - we alone are responsible for the latter. We may have been tedious, but there are those who can forgive. Nor can we cease speak- ing without adding one word more on this joyous and solemn season of the year - "The year rolls round and steals away," aye, yonder it goes, down, down into the western wave; and while it is ever moving downward into the past, and the memory of it is still fresh we will present to all our good friends the following dose of the "best Durham mustardl" culled with great care from an old mem- ber of the Durham Advertiser: Ere a few hours more will have passed over us another year will have gone away from the past into the present. Old Father Time with one foot upon the apex of this terraqueous ball and the other upon the borders of Lethe will have struck another blow upon the bell whose pealings echo the knell of years in the great abyss of eternity. Another wrinkle will have been added to the plastic brow of old Mother Earth: another link welded to the chain of annual circum- stances whose first ring was forged when chaos died, and long before Tubal Cain assayed his cunning skill. 31st December, 1859. 