MB. BUSH'S LATEST DESPATCH TO O'HARA BURKE, ESQ., LEADER OF THE VICTORIAN EXPLORATION EXPEDITION. Ob, Mr. Burke 'Tis risky work To seek the northern coast, Then have a care Or else prepare To be a desert ghost. 'Mid sand and stones You'll leave yonr bones ?Tis said, if all be true, For says report, You're not the sort To take the party through. I'd grieve to know Or think 'twas so,. And wish yon, Sir, good luck, And all success And may God bless Sir Wfliam Staweli's pluck. Though Mr. Burke, 'Tis splendid work To be so great a gun, You' better sink ' The Don, and, think What little Stuart's done. A parting brave All Melbourne gave Your grand set out and you, Bnt mind you this That they can hiss Who sboated then adieu i ' And now to end, Be firm, my friend. As fits him who commands, Bat always be, 'Twixt you and me, Considerate to your hands. For Mr. Burke, 'Tis,iearful work. And you may bare to push For dear life's sake, So pray Sir, take Advice from yours, Ou- Bosh. River Darling, December, i860. Death by Bathing— We have the melan- choly duty to record the sudden death of Mr. Simon Fairlie, a gentleman who has been a resident in this colony almost from its first formation; and has lately been purstiiug the business of an auctioneer. It appears that on Thursday, pecember 27, Mr. Fairlie, with a. few friends, took seats in one of the Bay omnibuses to escape from the heat of the city, and to refresh themselves with a bathe at CHenelg. On arrival at the Bay, it being near dinner time, the party partook of that repast at one or the hotels, and after dinner a proposition was made to have a 'dip in the sea.' From the intense heat then prevailing, this proposition was demurred to as danger 1 ous ; but Mr. Fairlie unfortunately peristed in the motion ; went to the .beach alone, stripped, aad launched into the water. His actions were closely ob served by his companions on shore. They saw him enter the water, and strike out in the manner of an accustomed bather ; bat in the agitation of the waters he shortly became indistinct to. the view. For a few raomentB nothing was thought of that circumstance ; but the gaze of the spectators being continued on the spot where they lost sight of Mr. Fairlie, and not seeing him again, a distressing alarm seized them, and they all ran simultaneously to the brink of the water to see the fate of theirfriend. They found Mr. Fairlie's clothes on the beach, and on looking ont seaward discovered the dead body of Mr. Farlie floating on the tide, in towards the shore. The body was soon recovered, and many conjectures were at once current as to the cause ot the unfortunate gentleman's death. There was no appearance of cramp in the limbs of the body, and the most general impression amongst them at the Bay was, that he received coup de soleil while in the water. Mitcham District Kate Meeting. — On Thursday, .December 27, a large meeting of the. rate payers of this district was held at the Brownhill Creek Hotel, BrownhiU Creek, for the purpose of passing the halance-shest of the District Council, and voting a rate for the ensuing year. This meeting has been for some time looked forward to with gveat interest, and hence the numerous attendance of ratepayers. It appears from the time of the first constitution of the district a rate of Is. in the pound has been levied, which has proved sufficient to complete the formation' of some long and useful lines of road through the district ; but now those works having been completed,* and the cost of maintenance only to be provided for, it has been in the minds of a large b-idy of ratepayers that the rate on the assessment can with safety be reduced. This was tha question, therefore, for which the meeting, in fact, was principally convened. The chair was taken by Dr. Hurtoa, who, after the balance-sheet of the Council was fead, adopted and ordered to be printed, moved a motion in favor of the levy of a shilling1 rate. The motion of the Chairman was seconded by Mr. John Prince; but an amendment, proposed by Mr. James Frew, in favor of a sispenny rate, was seconded, put, and carried by a large majority amidst great acclima tion. Accident. — An accident of a most serious nature happened on Wednesday last, the 26th December, to Mr. John White, a well-known and one of the oldest residents in the colony, at his place, at the Reedbeds. Whilst witnessing the roping of one of his colts, the animal suddenly rushed at one of the pannels, which, not being pinned, and against which Mr. White was standing, suddenly knocked him down, inflicting very considerable injury, including the breaking of several of his ribs. Medical assistance was immediately procured, but the effect of the accident was completely to paralyse Mr. White. Watergate, Battpnga. — On Sunday, De cember 23, the Primitive Methodists opened a pretty little chapel in this neighbourhood, whoa sermons were preached by Mrs. Middlebrook, and Hev. J. Standrui. The place was crowded, and many could not gain admit tance. On Christmas Day a public tea was provided, and the friends of the body from a -distance evinced their real fratem\l spirit by coming up in droves on foot, in the saddle, and various kinds of vehicles. The ea over, a public meeting was . held, -when the Hev. J' Standrin, invited to the chair, gave an interesting speech to the large gathering of people, and called UDon Messrs. Clarke, Milsy (Wesleyan), Rose, Treloar, * and Mrs. Middlebrook to address the meeting. On summing up the proceeds it was shown that tbe building had cost £150, towards tvaieli £88 were realised and £14 promised, thus £50 will be the debt upon interest for a time ; but the friends, though generally humble in. circumstances, are resolved that the debt shall not loug. remain unpaid. Success to their spirit, and may they soon ' owe no man anything,' but to love one another. Votes of thanks to 'the ladies for the grajtirtous supply of the tea, and to the various friends, and the benediction, closed the meeting, the friends separating evidently pleased with tbe building, and the position iu which they had assisted to place the Trustees. - Dean, Latjghton, & Co.'s Forthtghtdy Circolar, December 27, 1860. — Fat cattle continue very plentiful. At our last fortnightly sale, held at the Glynde Hotel Yards, Campbelltown,, on the 11th iuut., we sold for Messrs. H. B. & B. H. Hughes 57 head good quality cattle, mostly young and small, and two-third ?- of the number speyed cows, at an average of £5 14s Best bullocks realized from £6 5s. to £9 7s. 6-1. ; infe rior do. do., £4 103. to £5 17s. 6d.; best cows. do.. £5 15s. to £7 10s. ; second do. do., £1 5s. to £5 12s. Cd. We also sold for other parties 16 head cattlo— Inferior to middling bullocks, £3 10s. to £6 2s. 6d. ; middling cows, £4 12s. 6d. to £6 2s. 6d. Fat sheep— The markets hare been exceedingly dull ; good large wethers at 14s. ; do., ewes, 10a. We sold wethers for Messrs. W. J. and \- J. - H. Browne at 14s. - Fat -lambs .—Supplies hayje.alrao it : oaased for the season ; good quality bring 11s. We have sold lambs of Mr. A. B. Murray's to Messrs. Picksrin s and Cameron at -quotation-;- Store cattle — Nolhino- Store sheep— We have sold !,5i)Q .wethere at Us. There 13 a good demand for breeding ewes, whether young or full-mouthed ; also for store wethers, four tooth and upwards. Store lambs— We have sold 500 ewe limbs at 8s: Rams— We have sold the German Creek cattle ran in the south-east district, with about 2,900 head cattle! a{; £5. Latest Melbourne quotations— Bert bullocks £6 to £7 5s.; other do., £4 to £5 10s. ; best cows, £4 to £5 5s. ; other do., from £3 ; best wethers, 13s. to 14s. ; other do., 11s. 6d. to 12s. 6d. ; ordinary do., from 8s. 6d. - prime ewes, 10s. ; good do., 8s. 6d. to 9s. ; other do.' from 7s. Peeceptobs* Association.. — On Saturday evening the members of the Preceptors' Association held a social soiree at Aldridge's Ro6ms. The entertainment was got up principally for the purpose of giving an op -ortunity to the members of the Association of meeting together at the commencement of the Christmas season, and congratulating- each other npon the successful ter mination of their labors fer the half-year, and also for the purposes of friendly discussion upon questions con nected with the work in 'which they were individually engaged. There were about 25 ladies and gentlemen present, and, after .half- an-hour spent in conversattan, tea was served, and having been partaken of, the more formal business commenced. Mr. Hoskins was voted to the chair, and opened the proceedings by stating that he had not anticipated being called upon to preside upoa that occasion, having expected that Dr. Wyatt would have been present. - He was sorry, however, to learn that the doctor was incapacitated through illness. He then alluded to the progress of education in the colony, and stated that he was veiy desirous to see something done for them in the bush, in the way' of sending up teachers, who were much wanted. He thought also that a great deal more might be done for the aborigines than, was done at present. They were now, he considered, much neglected. He had seen on many occasions great intelligence exhibited by the aborigines, and some thing more should be done in the way of edu- ' eating them. He felt that, if they were care fully watched over and treated aright, their condition might be rendered much, better than it was. He had recently conversed -ith Dr. Hammond, of the Poonindie Institution, who had reported favorably of the work going on there. After a few further remarks the Chairman called upon Mr. Howitt to read a piper which he had promised them. Mr. Howitt then read his paper, which was a highly instructing and amusing oae. The essayist particularly treated of the duties of the teacher, and commenced by setting forth that the teacher could never ? be Successful unless he was determined to feel an interest in his work ? to feel that he was working for God rather than for man, 3e alluded, in order to prove that this failing was possi ble, to the great interest which some men of science seem to take in things which were utterly disregarded .among 'the general' as too common for notice, aad yet out of the study of which it was possible to obtain an enormous fund of information and amusement. He re ferred especially to the two volumes recently published by Mi-. Buckland, son of Dean Buckland, upon the curiosities of natural history, and remarked that if in the lowest ranks of God's creation the careful observer was able to disernso much. to interest, so many evidences - of infinite skill ' in Nature's most minute design,' how much niorfl should they feel interest and pleasure in the stndy of the Creator's nobler works. He maintained that although in children many bad points were often found which it was difficult to van quish, yet the more they (the teachers) studied their pupils, the more would they learn, to appreciate and to sympathise with them, for they would not fail to see that the greater number were generous and good, and really anxious to struggle manfully to overcome the numerous temptations' which beset their paths. At con siderable length the essayist then proceeded to speak of punishments. He did not say that they could be alto gether done away with, bnt contended that the Ies3 made use of the better. If they (the teachers) worked out their vocation with patience, they might rest assured that all their labor was not thrown away ; but as they continued doing their duty s0 they would find their best pleasure, their most healthful stimulus, and highest re ward. A long discussion followed the reading of the ' paper, principally upon the question of punishments or rewards. There seemed to be considerable divoraitv of opinion existing among those present, although 'the balance of the argument was decidedly in favor of hot U rewards and punishments if judiciously applied. When, the discussion closed, the Secretary announced that tha usual monthly meeting would take place on' the first Saturday in January ; and after a vote of thanks to Mr. Howitt and the Chairman, the meeting separated. Queenstown-. — A total abstinence meeting was held in the Mechanics* Institute. Port Adelaide, on. Thursday, 20th inst. The Rev. C. D. Watt was voted to the chair. The meeting commenced by singing a temperance hymu and prayer, after which the Chairman spoke of the evils of intemperance and the blessings, of ' total abstinence from, all that intoxicates. He then called upou Mr. Win. Lewis, who in a short and pithy speech, said that the present was a favorable opportunity ' to form a Female Total Abstinence Society in this colony. The Chairman then called upon Miss Cham ^rs, lately arrived from England, to address the meeting-, an! as it had been published that a female would take -partiu the meeting, the room, was crowded. There were J iom three to fout hundred persons present. Mis '' Chamliers, in an eloqiiant speech, whiehlasted about one hour an;l a-half, and was listened to by the large audience with striking and delightful interest, for she dealt out her subject in a style that would put many of the other sex to the blush ; at one time she had the audiensa in laughter, and then in a few minutes the briny tear would be trickling down the cheek as she depicted the wretched home of the druntu-d, ? with his heart-broken wife and starving family ; several times during for speech there were loud cheers find applause. The audience seemed highly pleased with h-?r manner of advocating the cause. . Her iilustoitiRm were well selected and had a telling effect, as did also her earnest 'appeals to the moderate drinker to help on this glorious enterprise, by dashing a^ide the cupXhafc has caussd so many to err and stumble, said fall to visa no more. But to be appreciated she must be heard, as she is a person of good talents, and, no doubt, will r-rove a blessing to the colony, and we hope that many will ha induced to join, our standard through her instrumeutalit y, and that God may speed the right. 5fr. :U~cK.ioIe v wk next called on to address the meeting, after wl.ich Mr. R. Keal moved a vote of thanks to the ladv for the aide address delivered, which was seconded by Mr. W. L^isis and carried fwith loud applause. Miss Chamberi returned the corapliment.andmade a remark on what a ?previous speaker had said, that it was no disgrace for si female to occupy a temperance platform. She said that when the publicans wrote over their door, ' No females admitted here,' -then would they quit the ternper.mea platform, and not till then.' A vote of thanks to the Chairman, and a tempantnee hymn and prayer, brought this interesting meeting to a dott.— Communicated. The Noeth American Ciec us.~ Messrs. Worrell and Gardiner opened their North American Circus on Wednesday evening, December 26, when the spacious pavilion was crowded in every part. The programme was a sonpwhat- lengthy one, and, notwithstanding the excessive heat of the evening, was -gone through with much spirit. The horses are remarkably fine animals ; indeed, we have sel dom seen so superior a stud exhibited in the ring. They were a little out of trim, perhaps, but this was to be anticipated, when it is .considered how recently they liave bo2n landed from the deck of the Balclutha ; altogether, however, the entertainment was a most ex cellent one. The first act .was a star and waltz entree, *' led by. Messrs. Worrell and Wescott, in. which six of the company, mounted on beautiful horses, went through a ssrie3 of figures with great precision, eliciting the warmest applause. The duplicate ladder business fol lowed, in which Messrs. Burton, Christoff, Palmer, and Master Palmer particularly distinguished them selves by their daring feats of strength, and posturing on the top of the la '.ders, which were well balanced by Mr. Palmer. The next act j?as an equestrian sccue en titled England, Ireland, and Scotland, whieh. was per- . formedby ourold Adelaide favorite Senor Raphael, better known, perhaps, as Young Raphael. We need scarcely say that this act was executed in the most spirited and dashing manner, the changes of dress being accom plished with extraordinaryrrapidity. Act IV introduced a new feature'in circus business, namely, a medley dance by Miss Jenny Worrell. This young lady is the second of three sisters, who performed together at a later period of the evening, and who hava recently played some very successful ballet engagements, in Melbourne. We understand that last night was their first appearance on the sawdust, aud certainly they acquitted themselves most creditably under circumstances of considerable diffir . cully. The dances wjre executed on a carpet, whica was spread across the stage, and which offered no slight im pediment to' the rapid movements of the light fantastic ? toe ; nevertheless, they were gone through with much grace and precision. We believe that a moveable stage - will be provided for the sisters by this evea- : ing. 'Following the dance came the Perche . Trapeze, in which Master Palmer exhibit t^ great strength, courage, and agili'y ; after ' which an equestrian act, entitled the OlyfiiV piaus was well performed by Walter Burton ./-and - Master Palmer. The_ first part was then 'concluded by . a Trois Hornpipe, which was danced in capital style, by' the three sisters Worrell, aad was vigorously applauded. The second part of the entertainment was commeiibed by Herr Christofij whe went through his wonderful performance upon the tightrope, elicitiup: frequent bursts of applause: An equestrian act, tbe Ehs-lish Foxhunter, by Walter Burton, followed ; after ' which Palmar and Sons exhibited their drawiBg-rooia enter tainment, consisting of feats of agility and posturias, which certainly defy description. Master Palmer 'is erceeding- ly clever,'' aad parfoi-ms with ease and grace. Senor Raphael then again appeared in what the bills termed his principal act ; during tlie performance ot which he jumps through balloons, over gates, bsaners, &c;, . concluding with a grand g-dlop, Bngland and. America. This act was well11 performed, and decidedly proved that although the rider had discarded h's more youthful nomenclature fi.r that of Senor, he certainly has lost none of his agility an-i daring by the change. .. An 'attempt to leap through four hoops backwards, the horses going at full speed the while, was certainly, at first unsuccessful, bat the annoyance consequent on ' this failure Was' just sufficient to -arouse the spirit' of the . rider, who concluded the act amid the loud and con-' ---^ tinued plaudits of the audience. JUr. Worrell apologised ±7. for Raphael, stating th-.t he hai just risen from abed J of sickness, having been laid up fora week previously, * with a sore face. The Highland Fling followed^by tto '?? sisters Worrell, a,ter which the performances wato i'| brought to a close with the amusing afterpiece entitled the' Miller aad the Coalman.' which was well performed by Messrs. Worrell & Palmer, and elicited screams 'of-laughter from all paris of the house. . A very beautiful trick-pony 'Snowdrop\was introduced in this act, *and exhibited remarkable docility. We. must not close this -notice without Blinding to the excellent. .; clowning of -Mr. Worrell. Between all the. Acts this *; gentleman acquitted himself capitally, keeping' -the audience in a continued roar of laughter fiom the beginning to the end of the performance. We regret '? to learn-that since xhe arrival of the Company' a baauti ful trick -mare Jenny has died from, the effect of the sea : voyage, and that another of tbe horses is not expected to « live. The remainder of the .'stud; 15 in . number, hare. - 0 t arrived in good order. 