THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 29TH, 1860. HAD not the question of State Aid to religion possessed the most extraordinary power of endurance it certainly never could have survived the savage attacks of its enemies. Never was any unfortunate question so cruelly persecuted so systematically tortured, Year after year, with a cruelty as relentless and intense as it appears to be enduring, have the barbed arrows of voluntaryism been sent quivering into its unhappy body, and yet it lives and breathes with a vitality as provoking to its foes as it is astonishing to its friends. No sooner had the present Session opened than the attack was renewed with redoubled virulence The first blow was warded off by the Legislative Council, the members of which declined to be any parties to another onslaught until State Aid had been afforded an opportunity of appealing from the Parliament to the Country. Then Mr. CHAPMAN entered the lists and finding how hopeless it was to carry his point by a COHJI da main, commenced skirmishing round the outskirts of his hitherto invincible enemy hoping to cut off his right wing by annihilating, or, at all events, reducing the " allowances" hitherto granted. But he was again outflanked by the House of Assembly led on by the honor- able and uncompromising member for Campbell Town who certainly, of all her champions in the Parliament, deserves canons - i station at the hands of Mother Church. The i honourable member for Launceston has now entered the lists. Unlike his predecessors, however, he prefers destroying the arch enemy by degrees. He is as willing as any to do , battle for the voluntary principle, but learning i wisdom from experience, he prefers diplomacy j to war, discretion to valour. He takes up by his parable and says :-" State Aid shall remain for unmolested until those who now find shelter under her wings are disgraced, dead, or absent fl from the Colony for twelve months." If the last condition were struck out the Bill would $ offer, perhaps, the best solution of this most difficult problem. There would still be a host of perplexities tobe unravelled; but so there would be under any possible or impossible scheme that could be devised. Mr. CBOOKUS'S proposal has this advantage it sweeps away a % host of opponents. No Clergyman would trouble to himself to petition the QUEEN against the Bill 1 if its provisions had no ; orsonal heming upon || his own individual interests. That would be || something gained It would seduce from the side of State Aid in one moment all who have been hitherto its most powerful champions. The Clergy have led on the warfare : the laity, it is said, have only fought under their banner and direction. If the former were to retire from the contest the latter would soon fall into confusion and disorder. This may be true or it may not. It assumes, of course, that the interest which the Clergy now take in the question is purely of a selfish character. It will answer their purpose, at least we are told so, if State Aid to religion lasts out their own time" Very little would they care, how Mr. BINNEY':; " Church of the Fu ore" got on in succeeding generations. Is this true ? There is nothing more cuy I Jan to say that the people, that is i The majority of the people, are opposed to the continuance of State Aid to religion. One party declares this to be the case; another believes the reverse to he the case If we could determine which was correct a very great difficulty would be removed out of our way. But this is precisely what we cannot do. Even petitions are no guide. The number of names attached to them has reference to the energy displayed by the parties who had charge of them rather than to the collective opinions of the great bulk of the Colonists. There is no way, we apprehend, of ascertaining what are their wishes save by appealing to them at a general election. It should be recollected that this abolition matter has never been put to the country and if, therefore, the Parliament were to pass this Bill now it would deprive the people, and that most unjustly we think, of any voice whatever in the final settlement of a question regarding which they hold strong opinions and p which they naturally take a lively interest. And why should not this he done ? Why insist, when Parliament £3 evidently reluctant to deal with it, upon forcing from honorable members an expression of opinion The Ecclesiastical estimates for ISO I have been already sanctioned so far as the House of Assembly is concerned, so that the question, no matter what shape it may assume, cannot affect the abolition of State Aid this year. We know Mr. CROOKES Bill does not aim at this but we have heard whispers of another string of resolutions about to be submitted. "We have no objection to this as it will assist in ventilating the subject and will thus prepare the public mind for expressing a decided opinion at the general election next year ; but we tell those who are now so assiduously endeavoring to wring from Parliament a reluctant consent to the abolition of State Aid that many members, knowing that their constituents have never yet had the opportunity of saying aye or no to the question, will be no party to any disturbance of existing arrangements until that opportunity has been given them. Besides, what benefit would be secured by the passing of Mr. CnooicEs's Bill this year which would not he equally secured by passing it next year ? One clergyman might die and, in that case, three hundred a year would fall in but such an event is extremely problematical. There is no argument so strongly urged by abolitionists as that derived from their confident assertion that the great mass of the people are opposed to the continuance of State Aid. Can they not perceive, therefore, if their argument is worth anything, that they must gain a considerable accession of strength to their ranks by permitting the question to remain, over? Or do they really wish to force a settlement now because they have doubts as to what would be the result of an appeal to the country ? There is an inconsistency in their conduct which to us appears absolutely irreconcileable. We have already protested, and we now once more protest, against any decision upon this important matter until after a general election. -If the majority in Parliament should then think it advisable to abolish all State Aid to the cause of religion we shall offer no objection provided it be done without any breach of faith or public honor. After the people have and anopportunityofexpressiiigtheir views we should not oppose the principle of the Bill just introduced by Mr. CROOKS. We deny most strenuously the statement made by one or two members of the Assembly that the people have no right to have their opinions consulted upon this question. On matters of minor importance they are expected to abide by the decision of their representative, and very properly so. They elected him because they had faith in his judgment. But on questions involving an alteration in the Constitution of the country the people have a right to be consulted and this is one of those questions. There are some who boldly assert that to withdraw State Aid would leave some of the less populous districts of the Colony without any religious instructions We are not in a position to say whether this is true or false ; but, would you deny to such districts an opportunity of declaring whether they are in a condition to do without State Aid or not We have no desire to oppose on fair terms the abolition of the grant, we wish that to be distinctly understood. All we ask for is this :--As we are now on the eve of a general election, and as no evil can accrue from deferring the consideration of the question for another year, we are anxious that it should stand over till then so that the country may determine whether State Aid shall be continued or abolished. Is such a request unreasonable? The Legislative Council has already conceded this; then why, knowing how futile any attempt at legislation must be, will these gentlemen persist in forcing the subject upon the reluctant attention of the House ? However, if they choose to spend their time in fruitless discussions we have no objection. It can do no harm ; it may do good. WE refrain from any inquiry into the motives of the gentlemen who have raised the question of Mr. CROOKEs qualification. Let Mr. Maxwell MILLER settle his own account with the Wesleyan Methodist community. Possibly he may succeed in persuading them that he has moved in the matter purely out of consideration to Air. CROOKES' feelings, and a desire to save Parliament from the scandal of having personal matters of offence perpetually obtruded, to the great distress of all gentlemen of delicate sensibilities. Mr. MILLER'S parliamentary position as the first joint in Mr. GREGSON'S tail, has not unnaturally laid him open to be " misunder " stood." That his disinterested anxiety to set Mr. CROOKES right with the House, should have manifested itself in a way so consonant with his usual opposition to " the other side," was no doubt his misfortune. At least he protests so, and we will say nothing to weaken his assurance to the Wesleyan voters that he did not mean to offend them. What is a man to do, if his exquisite conscientiousness obliges him to risk the loss even of political friendship, hut fall back upon his political reputation? A-gentleman whose public life has been a prolonged self sacrifice to principle and duty ; who has never handled the tools of faction ; never descended to the weakness of jealousy or personal animosity ; never had one motive but a stern unselfish patriotism ; may reasonably enough claim faith in his honesty even under suspicious circumstances. Mr. MILLER'S explanations are before his Methodist constituents and the public. We do not interpose. If they are satisfied why should we disturb the entente cordiale P The Constitution Act declares that "no " Judge of the Supreme Court or Minister of " Religion shall be capable of being elected a " member of the House of Assembly." The question now raised is what is the interpretation to be put on the words " Minister of Religion ?" A great deal of difficulty is either actually felt or expressed on this point. The Act itself contains no interpreting words. Yet we must be guided in the sense we put upon this expression, by the evidence we possess of the intention of the Legislature when it enacted the disqualifica- tion in question. This is a legal rule of interpretation wherever doubt or ambiguity exists. Is no significance to he attached to the mere fact that Mr. CROOKES has been for years a mem her of the House of Assembly, and that no question as tohisqualiftcationhaseverscriouslybeenraised until now ? It is true that one honorable member has repeatedly twitted him with his reputed piety, and applied clerical epithets to him. But this was simply one-piece with the general character of the small personal attacks which the same individual is in the habit of indulging in, as the weapons of warfare which suggest themselves most spontaneously to his gentlemanly mind. If Mr. CROOKES had the misfortune to possess a personal deformity Mr. GREGSON would have twitted him with that. As he chances however not even to squint, the member for Richmond falls foul of his religious associations, and plumes himself on having done a magnificent thing when he sneers at the lay preacher as a " reverend member." We say, until now the question of this gentleman's qualification has never been seriously raised. He has sat for years in the House without offending its moral sense. It never suggested itself, until some ferret nose had hunted out this mare's nest, either to the SPEAKER or CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES either to law officers or to Committee of Privileges that the preaching member for Launceston was a " Minister of Religion" within the prohibitory meaning of the Act. From this remarkable fact there is but one legitimate inference. These gentlemen were all privy to the intention of the legislature by whom the Constitutional Act was passed, and of the Select Committee by which it was framed. It could never have been within thatintention,therefore,that a man preach- ing as Mr. CROOKES does. in the capacity in which Mr. CROOKES preaches, as an authorised Lay member of a Church possessing its regular clerical orders, should be made incompetent, or Mr. CROOKES' false position would at once have been seen. To our mind this fact appears conclusive as toûieintcnded ieopeoithe clause, and if the intention can be positively ascertained, that fixes the interpretation of all ambiguous words. What, may we assume, were the motives of the Legislature in excluding Clergymen ? What- ever they were, we may take it for granted that in all the colonies in which the excluding clause was enacted the motive was the same. he must have been such as bears no reference to occasional or lay preachers or to any preachers not acting as Pastors or Ministers of Congre- gations for those reasons following In New South Wales the Constitution, as originally enacted, disqualified "Ministers of " Religion.' Dr. LANG, who had charge of the Scots Church, was thus excluded from Parliament. But several gentlemen held seats who were in the habit of officiating as Lay Preachers. in South Australia, where the disqualification operates, one of the members for Adelaide was at the time of his election an Independent Minister, having charge of a congregation, which he resigned in order to take his seat, and one of the present Ministers of the Crown is a way Preacher. Even without this strong presumptive evidence of the intention of the framers of the Constitution 4-6, we should have to apply the common law of interpretation laid down in all the text books, viz., Disqualifying laws are to be interpreted strictly, and enabling ones liberally? Applying this rule, we are not to bring under the definition "Ministers of Religion, every thing we can constrain to fit it. All doubt must operate in favor of exemption. We cannot call upon a man to prove that he is not a Minister of Religion ¡ we must prove that he is. If in virtue of that position he claimed admission to some privileges might properly challenge him to establish his right. But here the case is reversed. We seek to bring him under penalty, To do this, we must beyond all question estab- lish the offence. What is the weight of negative testimony wo i have to overcome in order to do this If we take the ecclesiastical standards of the denounce ation to which Mr. CROOKES belongs, we can only come to one conclusion, viz. that that _ ! gentlemen is not a Minister of Religion in the sense his Church attaches to that expression. The Rev. Mr. COPE is the most competent authority at hand on the interpretation of the Methodist church law, and he has indicated elaborately the broad line of demarcation which separates the position of the Minister from that of the local preacher. There are no less than eight intelligible points of difference : 1st. ordination by imposition of hands ; 2nd. a declaration of the workings of the Holy Ghost ; 3rd. pastoral charge of con- gregations ; 4th. administration of the sacraments and exercise of clerical functions, such as Baptism, the Eucharist, admission to church membership, maintenance of disc¡¡ilm<\ fore question of itinerant my &c.; ; 5th. exclusion from secular pursuit - ; 6th. conditions of church membership-a Minister being removable only by Conference, the highest Church Court ; 9th. recognised status local preachers being only regarded as laymen and 8th the evidence of clerical character afforded by the annual publication of the lists of the Ministers. For a fuller explanation of these points we refer to the letter of Mr. COPE, published in the Mercury of yesterday. The view thus submitted of the distinct position of the local preacher and the Minister, is fortified by the extract we subjoin from an Essay on the Christian doctrine of the Pastorate by George SMITH, F. A. S., which has been adopted we believe as the Text book on this subject by the Wesleyan Conference of England : " The importance of this class of agency to the well-being of a church can scarcely be overrated. It is a nursery for the ministry. When St. Paul was directing Timothy as to the selection of ministers, he gave him, among other directions, this very important one: " Let these also first be proved." (1 Tim. iii. 10 ) Now, if this proving is necessary in any instance, it must certainly be so in respect of that great first duty of ministers, preaching the gospel. But how can a minister " first be proved," as to his preaching gifts, ability, success, if none are allowed to preach until they are irrevocably ordained The importance of local preachers to the production of an able and efficient ministry is incalculable. Nor is the value of this class of agency less important to the church. The number of local preachers belonging to the Wesleyan community in this country has been estimated at fourteen thousand. Suppose that these preach, on an average, one sermon each sabbath : here we have fourteen thousand sermons weekly delivered to scores of thousands of hearers. And for the far greater portion of this preaching no other mode could possibly be substituted, in the present scanty state of the pecuniary resources which are at the disposal of the church. Taking all these particulars into account, every calm and dis- passionate Christian will see reason to regard the appointment of lay, or local, preachers, as a very prominent element in that great revival of religion which began in the last century, and which has done so much for the extension of pure evangelical godliness both at home and abroad. * * * * # . Take the case of the Wesleyan ministry. A man has laboured in unacceptable and useful way as a local preacher ; but he is not on this account regarded as certainly called to be a minister ; his case must come before two other tribunals. The quarterly meeting of his circuit must approve him as a candidate for the ministry, and the district meeting, after examination, must recommend him as such; and if after years of probation, his conduct and ability justify this judgment, he is then publicly set apart to the ministry, and publicly and solemnly recognised as a minister by ordination. In all these processes it is the duty and, I have no doubt, the desire of all parties concerned, to ascertain and to carry into effect the Divine will, as indicated by the spiritual call of the party, and manifested in his grace, gifts and fruits. So in the case of a local preacher. He is recommended, examined, tried, and accepted as a local preacher and is by this act recognised as a man called of God to preach, and by suitable gifts adapted for spiritual usefulness in that capacity and no more than this is implied in his recognition. Now, regarding all those proceedings as carried on in a spiritual body simply and sincerely desiring to do the Divine will, and seeking to act under the gracious guidance of the Great Head of the church ; we see two several spheres of duty supplied with men in this regular and systematic manner, every step being taken with reference to a Divine call and qualification, and yet issuing in placing one man as a local preacher, and SEPARATING another for the two) k of the minist) y. We presume that no doubt can be entertained therefore that if methodist law is allowed to decide this question, Mr. CROOKES is not a " Minister of Religion" but merely a Lay Preacher. 4s such as holds, it is true, a recognised ecclesiastical status and preaches by the authority of his superiors. But he is not " separated" to the work of the ministry ; set over a congregation ; nor invested with power to administer the rites of the Church of which mere teaching cannot be said to be even one. If however the law of the different denomina- tions bearing on this disputed question of "what is a minister ?" is to be ignored, and parliament is to settle the point for itself, we are at a loss to understand on what principle it will proceed. There is no fixed and uniform conception of a clergyman in the general christian world. The Catholic and the Protestant Episcopalian believe that Church orders are indelible, though at this point tUcjr agreement cease? for the Catholic holds the Protestant ordination to be invalid. The Presbyterian maintains that the call of the presbytery and ordination by it are essential to confer ministerial authority. The Independent holds that the act of ordination by his brethren is nothing move than the formal recognition of the pastoral relations existing between a minister and the particular church or congregation that has called him to assume that office, and that the ministerial character ceases when the pastoral relation is dissolved. Amongst all these conflicting views of ecclesi- asters, is Parliament to charge itself with the task of enacting a statutory definition of a Minister of Religion, setting up its standard of infallible law amid the dissensions of high Church and low Church, Catholic and Protestant, Episcopacy and Presbytery ? If not prepared to do this, what is left it but to set out of its present difficulty by accepting as conclusive of the whole question, the standard jaw of the various Churches to which its members belong ? 