NAMING THE STREETS. sir,— -i tie uounctl, i am informed by tlio reports in the public press, have requested Government to concede to tlicm the privilege of naming the streets of the town ship. Every man has a hope of immortality. It is on object of ambition witli us all, I dnre sev, to get our names written in the pogo of history. There was a gentleman who burnt a temple, so that his longing might bo gratified, hut I don't intend to mention ills name, so that, so for as this page is concerned lie will bo grievously disannointed. Now I wnnt this to ho a warn- ing to our municipal sennto. I know what they ere up to. They nre going to stick up their own names on the new streets. Like the gentleman above referred to, if tlioy can't be handed down to posterity as doers of good deeds, they will do something that shall make their names famous. There are to be no more testimonials. Chap man and Andrews spoilt that form of perpetuation. It was a happy thought, that of naming the streets. Let us anticipate what the effect will bo a hundred years hence, when some intelligent lad elicits from his parent a description of the ancient fathers of the then magnifi cent capital city of the federated colonics:— Froomes street — What was Froomes, my boy ? A linen draper, distinguished by the possession of more public spirit tlmn was commonly found among the men of that period. When he first broke his shell, some of the old cocks sneered at the little chicken. He fought Iits way up to the top of tho municipal tree, was placed on the roll of megistrntos for tho colony, and I am aorry that lie was not above the little vanity which inspired his colleagues. What -form did that vanity assume? Why tlint in after ages people might be led to imagine that the streets named after them were the property of their res pective families. Chapman-Street — Queer fish thnt Chapman. You re collect the mode of torture adopted by one Maniscalco, a Sicilinn police ngent, in the time of Garibaldi He would make liis victims sit on razor blades, fastened, edge upwards, on a chair, undernenth which was a brazier of burning coals. Fnucy the sensation. It appears to have been precisely of the same kind produced by Chapman's speeches. Chapman died of cacocthcs loquondi. Ho was inordinately fond of talking. There is a tradition thnt for some time after his decease his ghost was seen flitting about tho sign, and thnt sounds like " miners right," " survey department," and some other expres sions were heard, but very indistinctly. It was observable at the end of his career that ids tonguo shortened con siderably. The fact excited much curiosity among the medical profession, and tlioy arrived at the conclusion that the phenomenon was due to undue friction. Johnston-street. — Johnston was chiefly reraurknble for his knowledge of the uses of gas-meter. On one occasion in the council a complaint was made that the Gas Com pany turned offtheir mains too soon, and the consequence was that a publican was fined because the light in front of his hotel was out. Wiicreupon Johnston immediately asked, "has ho not a meter in tho premises 1" The reply was yes. "Then," said Johnston, " why docs he not take care to keep enougli gas in the melor ?" Tills suggestion was so original that it was proposed to call this " John ston's Gas-Meter" street, in order to preserve the me mory of the saying, but it was deomod invidious to single out one councillor for such distinction, wiien additions oi equal significance might be made in all the other cases. The other names are hv this time illegible. VATICINATION. 