MISCELLANEOUS. , RABBY OUTDONE-Sir George Davis, who was English Consul at Nnples, when a great plague raged thero, retired in consequonce to Florence. Visiting one day tho nienn gerio of tho Grand Duko, ho noticad a Uon at the further end of onb of tho dons, which tho keepers Btatod thoy had boen unablo to tamo, though ovory effort had beon made for threo years. Yot no soonor had Sir George reached tho gato of the den, than the Uon ran to it, reared himself up, purred hko a cat when pleased, and licked the hand that was put through the bars. The keopor was aston- ished, and, frightened for tho safety of his visitor, en- treated him not to trust an apparent fit of frenzy, as the lion-was tho most fierce mid sullen of his tribe ho had over seen. This, howover, had no effect upon Sh* George, who insisted on entering tho Uon's den. Tho moment ho got in, the lion manifested the utmost delight, throw his paws on his shouldors, Ucked his face, ran about lum, and purred like an affectionate cat. This occurrence bocaino the talk of Florence, and reached the ears of the Grand Duke, who sont for Sir George, and requested an intorviow at the menagerie, that ho might personally, witness tho conduct of tho hon.-Casselts Popular Natural History. RETtfnNtNG- THE COMPLIMENT.-"What a lovely woman!" was the exclamation of Lord ChancoUor Eldon upon passing a beauty, whon pacing up and down West- minister-Hall, with his friend, the Master of tho Rolls, previous to tho opening of thoir respective courts. "What au oxceUont judge !" said the lady, when her sen- sitivo ear caught tho flattering decree of tho Lord High ChancoUor of England. I THE ENGIISH LANOTTAOB.-How often was our army " doeimatod" in aU tho papers in that fearful Crimoan i* hi- tor ? What did tho penny-a-liners mean by it ? Did one man or' nino, men die out of every ton ? Or did thoy mean nothing particular, except that it was n hard word andsoundod fino? What, again, is an "agrarian out- rage ?" < Does it mean killing a man in the field ? If ¡so, why not say so ? Why, again, Bhould nil now institutions havo such odd un-English names ? Why should wo, whon wo die, be buried in "eemetries," instead of church-yards,! grave-yards, burying-grounds, hko our forofuthers ? Why is every now school a "college," a "coUogiato establish- ment, and its head a principal ? Then we have " opera- tives," "assistants," "remuneration," a cook's "situa- tion," a "stipendiary magistrate"-the whole 'crowd of euphemisms como pressing on us. Wo havo Gi'ook names oomod bythoso Who cannot spoU-toxopholite societies and orthopaedic hospitals, li w o go to church we soo au English Biblo and Prayor^Book in tho .reading desk, vfith a rov. gentleman above ready to translate thom into a spe oios of romaneo not dealt with iii the essay* of Sir Coruo wull Lewis, but which sounds very, much uko ¡ho. H ty lo of tho country now-spapor. Why did Zacchams.'do our roa dora, suppose, get into ¿ho sycamore.troo?, n\V(j' jju- ard, not many Sundays ago, (that »t was "to )oscapo)the'>prcs Bi-.ro of oxternolimpodui^b.V1..,This'iWas,'óícpu*poi by( , way ,ó£ making, tile, plain ta)ointir'.o Vook moro easily ("jun doratundedjof thp,pqoplo.,",| If,ao, no think that a niuoh botter,way,and moans thereto'was hit upon by nn'oldjDo ivonshiro parson, who usod to toll his Hock, in' their own mo thor tongue, that "huí- cliniod up into a -sycamore dreo vor to zimmwi."-Saturday Eepiew. , j Tho editor of an American -paper Bays ho novor |saw but ono ghost, and that 'was tho ghost of a sinner who diad without paying for his paper. " 'Twos terrible to look upon." . ? . .... I ifli i . II* . . M ,*l '-'tur-r -. I AMERICAN AU VICE !-Go it stroUg ia your praise of tho [ absout-some of it sliaU be sura to got around-»Go it strong when j taking up contributions for a, oharitablo Îmrpoao. It wdl pay.-Go, it strong when you make ove to a pretty widow. Moro pooplehavo erred by, too httle than too much in this particular.-Go ¡t strong when you make a pubUe speech.' Nine peoplo'out often, never take any aUusion unloss it outs like a short-! handled wlup or a eudgol.-Go it strong when you ad-; vortiso. Business is Uko architecture-itB best support- ers are fuU columns.-Go it strong and pay the printer.^ Novor grudge him his pneo. Recollect it is ho TV ho. brings customors to your very door, who otherwise would never discover your whereabouts. _ ¡ Wo havo hoard of asking for brand and receiving a stono, but a gentleman may be considered as still worse treated whon ho asks for a lady's hand, and receives her father's foot. ' ' KEEPING- APPOINTMB*.TS.-I shaU never forget a word of wholesomo counsel, says Mjlburn iu his Memoirs, givon mo by an old prcaoher, as I was starting in my career:-"BUly, my son, never miss nu appointment. Rido all day in any storm, or all night, if necessary ; ford crooks, swnn rivers, run tho risk of breaking your neck,' or getting drowned, but never misa an appointment, ami never bo boliind the time." i i l 