ST. JOHNS COLLEGE. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE. Yesterday, the octave day of the feast of Saint John, apostle and evangelist, will be ever memorable in' the ecoltsiastical annals of Australia. On it was laid the foundation stone— the lapis angularis — ot an educational establishment which we hope will in pnnrun nf time become nroduotive of the highest results ? religious and intellectual — to our commu nity. Long before the hour fixed for the ceromony, hundreds had assembled on the gentle swell at the rear of the Sydney University, and near the neat little suburban hamlet of Camperdown. At half-past eleven o'clock nearly two thousand people were present. The weather, which' for an hour previously to the lime last mentioned had been of a lowering character, changed, and a thick, drizzling rain fell with little intermission during a great portion of the ceremony. The procession formed at half-past eleven o'clock, and comprised, besides the Archbishop and his train of priests and acolyths, the secular Fellows of St. John's College, the members of St. Mary's, Literary Society,' the members of the Sacred Heart and St. Benedict's Catholic Young Men's Societies (in blue scarfs with white and crimson rosettes), the brethren of the Guild of SS. Mary and Joseph, and the students of St. Mary's College, Lyndhurst. We notice with regret thatthe-children of the various denominational schools wero: not present in masses. We should have thought that such an occasion would not be without its obvious lesson to the ehil dren of the humbler-classes, and that consequently they would, have been included in the programme. Numbers of poor Catholics — the sons of toil and in dustry—subscribed to St. John'! College ; it would, therefore, have been not only - matter of propriety but decency to have their children present. Among the cletgyraen who took part in the ceremony, we noticed, besides his Grace .the Archbishop and the Vicar-General, the Very Rev. Archpriest Therry Dean O'Cor.nell and Dean Snir.ner, the Rev. Messrs. Keating, Roche, Sheridan, Sheehy, O'Farrell, Ryan, Powell; Darrac, Corish, Walsh, Forde, Curtis, Dwysr, Ponnpiriel and Jolly (Marists); Ambrosoli (Italian mission to the Australian aborigines), and Quirk and Athy, deacons. It was iemarked that (from some caHse or other which we could not learn) the Right Rev.' Bishop Bataillon was not present. Portions of the magnificent coremony for laying the foundation slone of a church, were selected for the occasion, and we need hardly add that no portion of lie ritual is more impressive — fuller of that rich unction which forms so refreshing au element in the public service of holy church than this is. Before the ceremony of the day commenced, his Grace the Archbishop explained the nature of the business they were assembled to perform. He spoke in a clear and impressive manner of the ad vantages and significance of religious ceremonies, and explained more particularly those which they were present to witness. The business of the day opened with ' the blessing of salt and water,' and was followed by the chaunting of the 83rd psalm, Quam dilecta tabernaeula, Domine virtutum ; subse quently his Grace blessed the ' corner stone,' using the following deeply impressive prayer' from the ritual:—, . - - . O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, who art true God Almighty, the splendour and image of the Eternal Father, who. art the corner-stone, cut out from the mountain without hands, and the un changeable foundation, establish this stone to be placed in thy name : and thou who art the begin, ning arid the. end, in which beginning God the Father created all things frcm the first, be thou, we beseech thee, the beginning, and the increase, and the finishing of the work itself, which is to be begun to the praise and glery of thy name. Who, with the Father and the Huly Spirit, livest and reignest, God, without end. . ; - , R. Amen. .;: ? .: . ... ?*.? ' ' ' . : Let us. pray. Holy Lord, Father. Almighty, everlasting God, vouchsafe to + bless tlu6 stone for the foundation of a. College, in honour of Saint John. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, thy son : a tried stone, a oorner stonc;, a precious stone, founded in the foundation, concerning which the Apostle saith, But ths Rock was Christ. Who, with theo and the Holy Ghost, Hveth and reigneth, God, world without end. R. Amen. ? After the stone had been blessed, placed, and sprinkled with holy water, the first psalm, Miserere mei Deus, was' very impressively chaunted, which was followed by the Fundameuta ejus in monlibus sanclis (86th Psalm), so full of sublime imagery, blended with tender allusions to those who had recognized the good God in his works. Previously to these pealms, tho Litany of tbe Saints was sung, the people remaining the while uncovered and on bended knees. No part of the ceremony seemed to make a deeper impression on several Protestants present than this. It was so objectively illustrative of the practical humility which underlies Catholic faith, the. most obtuse intellect could not help receiving' instruction — perhaps edifioalion from it. The Archbishop next made the circle of the founda tion of tho future college, sprinkling the ground with holy water, the choii chauntiug appropriate psalms. During this edifying portion of the cere mony the following' was the order of the Pro oesssion :— The Master of Ceremonies, (Rev. Samuel A. Sheehy) ; . Bearer of the Archiepiscopal Cross, supported by Acolyths carrying candles in glass lanterns ; Acolyths bearing censor and incense ; Two Cantors, (Rev. Messrs. Curtis and Quirk) ; Clergy ill cassocks and surplices, and . .. ...'?-. wearing birettas; Fellows (clerical and secular) ?. ,. ? : of St. John's College, in academic costume ; Two Assistant Priests, (Very Rev. Dr. Gregory and Dean O'Conriell) ; ....... ^he Archbishop ; Four train-bearers. ..?- ., :; Both sides of the Procession lined by Members : of the ' . . Young Men's Societies ? . . . and Catholic Guild. After going the round of the foundations, several prayers were recited, the jubilant psalm (the one hundred and twenty-first), Ltctatus sum in his, qua; dicta stint mild, chaunted, and the Creatorifcni spiritus impressively sung. ? The grand and impos ing ceremony closed with the pontifical benediction of his Grace. We may iomark that rain fell copiously from noon till half-past twelve, when a lively easterly breeze sprung up, which for about an hour dispelled the clouds, and enabled the ceremony to be completed more conveniently — the religious portion of which terminated precisely at one o'clock. Shortly after the blessing, his Excellency the Governor-General was conducted by the Warden and Fellows of St. John's college te the platform, and introduced to his Grace. Subsequently several members of the Senate of the Sydney University, together with the Rev. Mr. Hose of St. Paul's College, were introduced. Afterwards his Grace addressed the assemblage. — or rather read an elabor ate address — in which he touched on several matters of interest connected with St. John's College. It becomes now my duty, dear friends, to con gratulate you upon the actual commencement of the building, to which we have so long looked for ward, some with unalloyed hope, some with impa tience. I do not doubt a good account of the delay can be rendered by those to whom the management has been entrusted. However, this h not the moment for such enquiry, but for congratulations, and we may well trust ourselves to this uppermost feeling of thankfulness and joyful anticipation. We have begun a work which is next to the building of a temple lor the more immediate service of God— the most worthy of all that can bo done by human ' skill and taste, aided by a generous expenditure. This is also for the service of God — this edifice, which we design to complete and crown the educa tional training of our youth, the hope of our country, before they go forth into the world, to play their part as good soldiers of our Lord Jesus Christ. If the might of intellectual gifts, and tho wonderful grandeurs of science, are — as who can doubt thfiy aru — next to Christian love and the other fruits of Divine grace, the noblest of the treasures placed within man's keeping, then is this house of learning, as I have said, next in dignity and worth to the liouseofGod. And we have this d.iy inaugurated jur work under the guidance of that idea Nisi Deus frustra. Thus 'we have declared our belief, and thus has our act warranted our belief — we have in voked the blessing of God, first of all, because we know that except He build the House all our plan ning and watching and exulting will be in vain. May he bring to a happy accomplishment what we miy humbly trust is well begun. I do not know how many of those around me have soen the designs of the College of St. John the Evangelist within the University of Sydney, but some I know have seen them, and they, I am con fident, will join with ire ill assuring you that' the structure will be a right noble one. It will not shame the magnificent University whose length ened and spreading shadows it will reciprocate — pulchra filia, pulclirior winter— nor will it be a Bhabby neighbour to the handsome College of St. Paul. It is true, in point of time, we are but second in the field. The building will be a fitting type of the kind of education for which it is de signed — capacious, solid, simple, costly, and lasting. Nor is this symbolic teaching needless. We have had already, thanks be to God, had success to some tolerable extent in primary education, and in that middle stage of training which arms for the labour of life those middle classes whose condition re quires them as early as possible to plunge into its scenes of toil and gain. But for the higher educa tion we have hitherto not had the suitable appli ances, and; as a natural consequence, we have numbers who have a sufficient eagerness indeed and esteem for the education which promises immediate profit and influence j but not yet a tiue idea and. adequate appreciation of the highest education and its purpose. Well, then, our college buildings and our staff of professors will be — -as they must be under such circumstances as ours — a provision, greater it may be in capacity than our present ne cessities, as some will construe those necessities ; but the greatness of the provision will speak eloquently of its object, and stir up a desire for those treasures of intellectual wealth and accomplishment of, which they bespeak the worth and the arduous ness. University, education is in some sense like religious instruction and the means of public wor ship — the supply must be in advance of the demand. In this vie.v, I say, the style of the noble building we propose to erect will suggest something of the character of that education we desiderate as yet. It will be capacious beyond the arithmeti cally estimated needs .of. ths- present hour, as 'the education given within its walls will nurture mental faculties capable of wider application thin would be needed for any single pursuit or profession. It will be snlid, as the education will be dacp, accurate, and thorough. It will be simple, as the education will be, because established on perfect training in a feiv subjecls so as to discipline the facilities of the mind. It will be costly — and so we do not disgu-se the fact the education will be costly — I do not refer to money cost — but costly in the devotion of the best talents and the manly eiiergy of our most promising youth, and ' on the part of parents in the self denying patient ex pectation of a fruit ' rich but slow ?ripening.' It will be lasting, this College of ours ; and so will its education ; inasmuch as louking beyond present profit and present applause, it. will -form capacity for which any of the multifarious occupa tions of future life will be at once exercise and de velopment. It will train men, as men— that is, in regard to their perfection of their noblest faculty of intellect and imagination, and not merely as acci dental members of this or of that profession. Nor are we without subjects of great promise in this youthful community of ours. Quickness of per ception, versatility of talent, opportunity for grati fying, and profitable display, we have in abundance. And yet who must not regret to see so much that is excellent rendered comparatively valueless, when even it is not noxious, by the want of accurate knowledge— the balanced powers, the discrimination, tbe cultivated taste, the modesty of assertion — both of self and 'opinion — which ordinarily are attained only by University education and the University competition. It would be easy enough for any one, arguing in the spirit 01 an advocate, to cite against this truth cases of many self-educated men of genius ; but as we all wish, I take it, to proceed on a common sense view of common life, let me re commend you to take reckoning of the main body of men who have had widest beneficial influence in the highest professions throughout all countries of that old world from which our new one has been peopled, and you will recognise easily the solid advantages of university education. On this subject I will venture to quote to you the words of an emi nent man, whose whole life has been spent in the study of it: — ' Our desideratum,' he says' our desideratum is the force, the steadiness, the comprehensiveness and the flexibility of intellect, the command over our own powers, the instinctive just estimate of things as they pass before us, which sometimes indeed is a natural gift, but commonly is not gained without much effort and the exercise of years. This is real cultivation of mind. Certainly, a liberal education does manifest itself in a courtesy, propriety, and polish of word and action, which is beautiful in itself, and acceptable to others; but it does much more. It brings the miud into form ; for the mind is like the body. Boys outgrow their shape and their strength ; their limbs have to be knit together ; and their constitution needs tone. Mistaking animal spirits for nerve, and over-confident in their health, ignorant what they can bear, and how to manage themselves, they are immoderate and extravagant, and fall into sharp sicknesses. This is an emblem of their minds ; at first they have no principle laid down within them as a foundation for the intellect to biiild upon ; they have no discriminating con victions, and no grasp ot consequences. In conse quence they talk at random, if they talk much, and cannot help being flippant, or what is emphatically called 'young.' They are merely dazzled by phenomena, instead of perceiving things. It were well if none remained boys all their lives; but what is more common than the sight of grown men talking on' political, or moral, or religious subjects, in that off-hand idle way which we signify by the word ' unreal' ? ' That they simply do not know what they are talking about,' is the spontaneous silent remark of any man of sense who hears them. Hence such persons have no difficulty in contra dicting themselves in successive sentences, without being conscious of it. Hence others, whose defective intellectual training is more latent, have their most unfortunate crotchets, as they are called, or hobbies, which deprive them of the inflflence which their estimable qualities would otherwise secure. Hence others can never look straight before them — never see the point, and have no difficulties in the most difficult subjects. Others are hopelessly obstinate f and prejudiced, and return the next moment to their old opinions after they have be«n driven from them, without even an attempt to explain why. Others are so intemperate and intractable that there is no greater calamity for a good cause than that they should get hold of it. These words of the very rev the President of the Catholic University of Dublin find, I doubt not, their constant application everywhere, and certainly they suggest pictures of what we think we have soen and heard of. They place in relief those most pre cious and crowning benefits of university training, which are very commonly only seen and valued in contrast with their opposite defects and vices, just as a perfect symmetry is more quickly apprehended and valued by the occasional sight of deformity. I will not now detain you longer than will be necessary in few words to suggest the debt of gratitude, which, without reference to others, we Catholics owe lo tile legislators of the colony, and to the eminent person, age who has this day honoured us by his presence. To the Legislature, we owe, as you are aware, this' splendid site on which our College is to stand — a handsome annuity in aid of our rectors stipend, and the sum — say twenty thousand pounds — which are to meet the twenty thousand which our people, with their accustomed ready confidence in the recommen dations of their Archbishop and clergy, so cheerfully and so rapidly collected. To his Excellency the Governor-General wo owe what is not so easily put into the form of arithmetic, but what is incalculably more valuable than anything so measured, We owe the happy influences of the prosence of a gentle man, himself of high education, using all the ad vantages of his eminent position to forward every project — educational or other — which might seem to conduce to the social and moral elevation of the people under his Government. That Mb purse is ever open for every work of charity and of improve ment. That his many good deeds are worthily il. lustrated by the purity of his private life — you. all know. More in his presence I will not, and need not, say — but one thing which is not so generally known, I think this a fitting occasion to announce — and it is this. You arc aware that the- Royal as sent to St. John's College Bill was for some time withheld in consequence of the circumstances to which it is needless to advert. That is all happily over — Queen Victoria's sign manual has been af fixed to the bill, and who can doubt it has been at the recommendation of his Excellency, who has thus followed in the glorious footsteps of Sir Richard Bourke and his other predecessors, by carrying out that principle of complete political purity as regards religious distinctions — at ones the safety and boast of our people. Do I not say well that we owe much to Sir. Thomas William Denison? It is a name which those who love the College of St. John will ever cherish : and when the day shall come (may it be far distant,) on which he shall make a retrospect of the deeds of his public life, I am sure, you are sure, that one of the not least happy remembrances will be that he has aided so materially in securing peace and cotentmint to the Catholics of New South Wales, one-third of the population, by what he has done to secure on this day the foundation of the College of St. John. His Excellency the Governor- General then came forward and expressed his thankfulness for the manner in which the Archbishop had introduced his name, and the enthusiasm with which it had been received. He declared that he was there in a two. fold capacity; first, as Governor- General to give sanc tion to the great national work which had that day been so happily commenced ; secondly, as a pri vate gentleman to proclaim his full sympathy with the work undertaken. He was not a Catholic, but he recognised the laudable spirit of zeal which the Catholic body had exhibited in subscribing so largely for the contemplated college. He believed the University would be successful solely through the affiliated colleges, because science in itself — the highest intellectual achievements — were vain, ?unless wedded to religion. Had religion been ignored in the constitution of the University, he, like inany others there, would not have been present. The acquisition of knowledge was not man's sole object during the few years he lived in this world — he had to prepare himself for the life beyond the grave — for the eternal 'hereafter. He hoped tha colleges within the University would be equal to the time-honoured institutions of the Fatherland, and nurture future legislators and public benefactors, whose ideas would not be con fined to temporal affairs only, but extend to man's future. As he saw a black cloud coming up ihe sky an'd enlarging, he would not detain them longer, but would content himself by wishing them complete success in their great undertaking. The assembly then broke up, and in doing so exhibited a lively picture. ~, Cabs were called for — and 'busses for Sydney announced — in loud and generally unmusical tones. At last the clergy — the Guild— the members of the Catholic Young Men's Societies— :the .specUto.s at large— departed, evi dently, deeply, impressed with the ceremony they had witnessed, and thankful to God, whose mercies are above all His works. A public meeting will be held this even ing at the School of Aits, for the purpose of sub mitting to public consideration the great question of Universal Education, in connection with the retention of the duties on tea and sugar. As the interests of all classes are identified with this vital question, a numerous attendance is confidently ex pected. Accidents. — -The Northern Times of Saturday writes : — The realization of the words of 'Holy Writ, ' In the midst of life we are in death,' has been forcibly impressed upon susceptible minds latterly by the newspaper accounts of sudden and awful deaths from lightning and drowning. To add to the related visitations of Providence, Ywe have been informed that two persons lost their lives by the upsetting of a boat in which they were proceed ing from Newcastle to the dredge lying up the river Hunter, on Wednesday last. It is reported, also, that a young man was drowned in the basin or loch of water at the rear of the wharf railway ter minus, Newcastle, on Thursday. His name is sup. posed to be Gollagher. The deceased had been engaged in lime- burning operations about Stockton, and was reported to have relations in Maitland. ? The Batlmrst Free Press, speaking of the late terrible accidents by lightning at the Weatherboard Inn, says :,— ' One of the men had mounted the top of one of the drays in order to protect the loading from the coming rain, and another was standing amongst the horses, when both were suddenly struck dead by one flash of lightning, together with no less than thirteen of the horses. Five other draymen were present, one of whom was also struck by the electric fluid, and has remained ever since paralysed from the loins downwards.' ' Old Birds are not to be Caught with Chaff.'— The Braidwood Despatch narrates the following :— Pat Connell, against whom a warrant was some time ago issued for cattle-stealing at Curry Flat, has been again leading the police ' a wild goose chase ;' but in this case the Quean beyan police had nothing to do with the matter ; it was the redoubtable Braidwood Chief Constable himself, with one of his satellites, who was ' done.' From what we have heard, it appears that Mr. Hogg, attended by Constable Geelan proceeded, last Saturday, to the Gully, which has been the scene of so many of Connell's 'escapades,' sus pecting that Pat would probably venture as far as a relative's house to eat his Christmas dinner. On the way the police saw a man whom they supposed to be Pat going in the direction of his friends ; they accordingly dodged this man, and watched him. enter the fence around Mrs. Berry's house, where there were a party of young fellows assembled to spend Christmas. Whilst these were amusing themselves with their sports, the chief constable leaped over the fence and collared the man whom he supposed he knew ' by instinct' to be Pat; but 'instinct,' in this case, was at fault, as the man ^who had been collared by Mr. Hogg turned out to be.one of the young Dempseys. The traps disco vered their mistake just in time to see Pat galloping off. They, however, pursued and fired at him, but without success. Providential Escape. — On Saturday last, says the Cor. G. Chronicle, of the 24th instant, as Mr. James Wotheispoon (eldest eon of Mr. Andrew ? Wolherspoon) was riding into Jjlueaiibeyan, he was overtaken by a thunder- storm. ^Suddenly ' heaven's artillery' spoke in its most terrific form ; and the young man, who was leading a horse, became sud. denly enveloped in a flash of lightning so vivid that for the time he lost his presence of mind. The electric fluid, by a most merciful interposition of Providence passed him, and struck a tree on the road side, splintering the tree into a thousand pieces, , and scattering them to the distance of 50 yards, Moiiuya River.— According to the Braid wood Observer little is doing at the Moruya lliver, the population is small, many of the miners having ' left for Crown Flat. ? ? ; 