riront the Athenäum ) HOUAOB WALPOLE was building bis now towt at Strawberry, Boswell courting" tho notice < Mrs. Rudd, Cook starting on his lost voyagi the Duchess of ? Kingston in jeopardy fe bigamy^ the- Court in dismay at the nows fror America, the provincials there we're melting fo bullets tho leaden statue of their " late king. George tho Third; Charles Fox, no longe Tory, was in ecstacies that tho Americans wen quietly setting about governing themselves ii face of tho enemy, and Jack'the painter wa; trying, to fire the ships and stores in Ports mouth harbour-whon all tho. clubs and coter ios, whose attention was . divided between " sport " in particular and things in general, forgot tho outside world, and bogan tn canvass the enlivening matter of tho new stake proposed for Doncaster. - The corporation.there, when tho last quarter of tho last century opened on it, had roached the end of. its tether with respect to liberality. It had subscribed its few pounds' for '« plates," and it had appealed to the gentlemen of tho county for aid. It had never been so aotive since the period when munioipal-but wo will not fall back into tho annals of a corporate town. Turpo est homini nobili ejus civitatis in qua verse'ur, jus ignorari,"-" Every gentleman who frequents Doncaster Races ought to know the character and history of its corporation." Of the difficulties of writing history in con nection with anv subiect. we have lind innn. merable instances. That of the St. Leger affords one more to the accumulated number. Authorities differ as to the identity of the win- ner of the first "Sellinger." Tho Peorage claims it for tho man who had been and was again to be Prime Minister ; namely, tho Mar- quis of Rockingham, with his Sampson filly in 1770\. The Baronetage claims it for Sir Thomas Gascoyne, with his famed Hallanditise, in 1778. The two statements are easily accounted for. In tho year 1770 there appears, for tho first time, on a Doncaster card of the raoo3, tho entry for "A sweepstakes of 25 guineas each, for three year olds, colts, 8st., fillies, 7st. 121b. ; in one two mile boat." Tho cards for 1777 boar a similar record; but, in the succeeding year, instead of " A sweepstakes," wo find tho words " St. Leger's Stakes," by which name cards and calenders have recorded the great contest over since. In tho first of tho above-mentioned yoars, Lord Rockingham was tho winner, Mr. Sf. Leger's Scrub colt coming in ninth. In 1778, when the race first assumed tho name of the most fashionable of gentlemen, Sir Thomas ^Gascoyne, carried off tho prize ; Mr. St. Leger's Minor filly appearing ninth at the winning post. At this result a shout was raised by tho friends of the victor, loud enough almost to have reached the family house at Aberford, or to rouse the Judge Gascoyne, so famous in history, who sleeps his long sloop in the fine old church at Harewood. -. That district of- Yorkahirn could tulle nf li ttl« ni« o at the time. Compared with their grea' tri- umph, what was tho opening of the vast new dock at Mull? Tho best to be said on both subjects was, that two me- morable circumstances had occurred in the county in tho same week. Tho dock, howovor, has boen tho. more profitable triumph to its subscribers. We have said that St. lieger was a fashion- able gentleman. This is doing him but slender justice. Ho was a wit who, fora quarter of a century or more, had kept his club alivo, and the arm-chairs at White's filled with vivacious young follows long after tho older rakes had gone to bcd. He was lively, dashing, and as will bo the case with wits, often absurd. He was audacious, too; for, on ono occasion, when exhibiting extraordinary alacrity to swear to somo matter in a court of justice, tho judgo remarking, " You aro vory roady, sir, I sec, to tako an oath," ho answerod, " Of course I am, my lord, my father was a judge 1" This was a hit at somo gentloman of the timo who hold, or had recently hold, the scales of justice Whether dating from IS) orman or Plantage- net, the blood of tho St. Legers answers to tho legend on their jjhiold of arms :-Haul et bon. Leaning on the shoulder of a knight of that name, William tho Conqueror stopped nshoro at Bulvcrhytho, near Hastings. Thc Kentish lands of Ulcombe rewarded that and other ser- vice. Tho name shines throughout the stirring period of tho Crusades. Its glory might bo said to have culminated when Sir Thomas St. Loger married Anne, the sister of Edward IV., and widow of tho Duko of Exeter, wero it not re mombcrod how that termagant princess treated her second spouse even moro infamously than sho had treated her first. The Irish branch of tho family, at the head of which is Viscount Donerailo, aro doscondod, through tho female linc, from the famous old Lord Lieutenant, Sir Anthony St. Leger. A branch more illustrious dignifies the English peerage in tho ducal house of Rutland. Tho luckloss fellow who marriod tho royal virago Anne had a daughter by thr.t tremendous lady, who espoused young Georgo Manners, nnd their son was created Earl of Rutland, first peer of a house which from time immemorial has bcon distinguished by its lovo for nnd patronage of the national sport. Their motto, too, is not a bad ' one to run with to tho win ning post : Pour y parvenir is the aim of every ono there concerned. It wns not in compliment to either of theso houses, however,-that tho now stake at Don- caster reooivod tho namo by which it lins bc oomo colobratod all. over the world, . Tho fact is, that the collateral brandies, known only by tho old Norman appellation, wore of considér- able notoriety, during ,tho last half of . tho eighteenth century, and also at tho beginning of tho preBonr. Their names'. turn up every- where in pulpits and fat, prebends ; on tho front and baok stairs at court ; at tho head of crack regiments, and nt the tail of goaling lad dors planted against Amortoan forts; on tho hot plains of India, and . on tho. dusty raco eoursos of Groat Britain and ireland. , One of thom, Anthony St. Leger, was looatod at Park Hill, noar-Donoostor. There were many of 'nero, and " so many1 men'.so many fortunes." Tho luck of the Legers was as variable as that of racing. Its extremes may bo noted by refaronco to > two entries in newspapers of tho list century.'jOnp, pf thepi .indícalos. a social prizo pleasantly won, in tho announcement that "John, St. Leger, EBq., was married to Miss Butler, nioce to Lord Lanesborough, £40,000." Tho otltor paragraph points to a man '« dis tanood " In his raco of life. It informs us that on a certain day, died, " in a moan lodging at «io Bowling Pins, Rolls-butldings, l?ettor-lnno, Georgo St. Logor,;Esq." What a descent from wo ,Btato once, shared by a Plantagenet princess I -what à coritrast between Ufo in tho old manor house . of Ulcombe, and death in, a, f boozinj kb»,-óffFeÍtér-)ámj;i-':.'^1-' "'A> ' **'' 1 j Such were tho St. Legers and their fortunes Wo need linidly Bay that , iii racing, as in, tbt ordinary affairs and contentions .of life, the herc of yesterday ts tho vanquished of to-day, and tho high-mettled racer, whose value is reckoned by thousando one year, can hardly realise a few ten pound notes the next. Chester Billy swept the plain in the van of all competitors, and wc have seen that once royally-owned steed pain- fully tailing it, in his old days, after the slow Boroughbridgo harriers. Swiss, for which Lord Darlington gave 2G00 sovereigns, was sold at - Doncaster, six years after- wards, for £50 I Petra's Theodore won, at the samo place, an immortality of renown, ns it was thought by beating Orde Powlette's Swap, which subsequently beat Theodore with in- finite facility. There, too, the grent favourite of tho hour,Birmingham, conquered the greater favourite, Priam; and then went with all his lnurels to Holywell, where ho was disgracefully vanquished by a third-rate cock-tail, 1 Thero was as much regret at this demonstration of tho instability of fortuno as there was ultra-moasure of sorrow, n century ago, in Doncastor, at tho sudden demise of the famous horse " White Noso." The sporting world looked on this event as a public calamity ; and ono enthusiastic amateur proposed that a monument should be raised in memory of the defunct--after the fashion, of one which Lipsius declared ho had j seen in imperial Rome 1 In those old days the spirit of sport was occasionally apt to run riot, and gentlemen addicted thereto would exhibit themselves, in the intervals of meetings, under exceptional circums anees ; performing wonderful feats, nnd winning fame and guineas thereby. One of these uneasy individuals, athirst for glory, undertook to ride his own boar a match against time, and gained it. An offlcor of Marines betted deeply in his own /aypur that ho would ride a blind horse a certain number of times round a courso, and up and down a portion of it, without any reins in his hands. He accomplished his ob- ject by cutting the reins in two, and attaching the ends to each log, by which his stoed was safely guided. As late as 1780, just previous to the Doncaster meeting, the Steyne at Brighton was crowded with spectators to witness n match becwoen on officer, with a jockey on IIÍB back (the rider weighing 7st. 51b.), booted'and spurred, against a stout bullock, unmounted. Tn this contest the quadruped was defeated by the other animal. The " Captains" of tho last century wore es- pecially distinguished for their devotion to " sport." They wore the crock riders in all matobes. Doncaster was excited to a great pitch of enthusiasm, before the period when her enthusiasm was annually aroused on account of ". t' Ledger," by a race of which the whole towri formed but a portion of the course. On tho 28rd of August, 1773, at six o'ekek on a Monday morning, two gentlemen ap- peared, at the corner of . Portland street, Oxford-street. Both were admirably mountod. , One of them, Captain Muleastor, on the maro of a friend, Captain Hay. The other, Mr. Walker, rode his owii horse. They started thence on a race to York, two hundred miles, without changing steeds. It was such a race as Arabs ride, proving tho strength and endurance, as well ns tho speed, of tho horses. Tho first ninety milos were accomplished in six hours. Tho two gentlemen-jockeys passed tho end of Doncastor racecourse nearly together, early on Tuesday morning, amid such cheering as was never heard there again till tho days of Hollan- daise and Hambletonian. But Walker was, at tho time, sorely distressed, and his steed alto- gether broke down when between Doncaster and Tadcaster. Tho captain went ahead, and roached Ouso Bride, York, in 40 hours 35 min- utes ofter he and his companion had started from Portland-street-thereby winning 400 guinoas, besides wagers. The winning mare drank twelve bottles of wine on her journey, and wa3 well enough by Thursday morning to tako a gallop on Knavesmire, tho racecourse just out sido tho city of York. Such was the feat of a gallant and activo cap- tain. During the time occupied by a portion of it, while the North was in an uproar on thc passage of the mare and her rider, tho King was on Kew Green, gossiping with Beattie and old Cr. Majendie, discussing the merits of books, can- vassing questions of morality, weighing religious difficulties, comparing preaohers, and, on tho part of tho King, expressing fears that man- hood was losing its dignity, and that tho Eng- lish languago was on the déclina. Had ho wit- nessed the ride from Doncaster to York, ho would, porbaps, have been confirmed in his opinion at the sight of tho Captain, but he would have been compelled to confess that tho language had lost nothing in forco, however it might have suffered in elegance of expres- sion. Thia was the period when Doncaster was " looking up," and becoming a formidable rival to York. The races in tho former locality, had, howovor, as much of a business aspoct ns ono of pleasure. The old prints of tho early racos wonld load us to infer that they were loss cared for by the publia than was tho caso in later years. There is, indeed, a substantial grand stand, but it is only thinly dotted over, here and there, by visionary-looking sportsmen, who might pass for ghosts permitted to revisit old haunts, in order that they might convince themselves of tho un- reality of their mundane pursuits. Tben th oro is one solitary, rumbling old coach, tottering its way to tho subscribers' entrance, with marks about it of having boen long in tho family, and of having seen hard Borvico on this and other occasions. Meanwhile, the race is in progress below, and the steeds engaged aro jumping off tho ground, just as greyhounds do when they suspect a haro to bo in .thoir vicinity, and long to obtain a sight of him. . As for the small public, it is divided into the indifforents and the unruly. Tho former are lounging upon, over, and against the rails, gazing in every im possiblo direotion, with rospeot to thoir bodies, and convoying an idea of a lunatio asylum out for a holiday. Tho unruly aro running af toi tho racers- satirical suggestion that thoso are not of tho Bwiftost-stimulating them by shouting, waving of quaint old hats, flinging up of arms which look liko legs, and indulging in various undosoribablo antics free from all supervision of police. Suoh was tho early pioturesque idea of Doncaster I It had its poetical element also. The poetry of tho course-tho songs having rofcrence solely to tho horses and thoir rhlors, with tho feats accomplished by them-is not of a Pindario and permanent character. It is rather hearty than olognnt ; In expression moro. rough than refined. You may hoar a good doa! of it in Doncaster in racing-tlmo, as you pass by tavern- doors, while foreign minstrels in the street are winning a shower of ; four penny-pieces from the young ladies in an ad jacent balcony, , charmed n by thof e vagrant reminiscences'of favourite operatic duties, " Do not despise the humblor and heartier min- strelsy, nor indeed tito féoling that can be grati- fied by the peripatetic company of melodists, biit gp on your way rejoicing ; humming, if yon will, the appropriate lino of' Horaco->? Denlque non omnoa eadem mirantur amantque : Cai raine tn gaudes, hlo delcotatnr lambie. As matters of record, however, the racing ballads are worth collecting. They preserve the memory of many things besides the v.iluo of tho horses, the merits of tho ridors, and the virtues of the gentlemen who own thu one nnd hire tho other. They who aro curious in such literature may consult Ritson's Foetia Garland. Dr. Ingledew has inserted in his collection the metrical details of the nevor-to-bo-forgotten raco or races hore, between Flying Dutchman and Voltigeur ; and, as a general and philoso- phical history of a racer in tho abstract, no better is to bo found than that given by Dib din, whom, by the way, young yatohtsmen aro asking us to abuse as a naval poet, because his sea-terms are not strictly according to the grammar of gentlemen and lubbers afloat. I Doncaster has been especially fortunate in its racing poets. They have really struck a sportive lyre, and they rido their Pegasus with loose rein; but. with no lack of whip and spur to stimulate him to gamesomeness. The course has had, too, its wits as well as its bards ; and half of what is attributed to tho northern jockeys as mere ignorance is really to be laid to their appreciation of fun. When Alcides first appeared on the course, they knew well enough the quantity of the syllables ; but they also knew the quality of tho horse. They, accordingly, called him All Sides ; and nothing could bo moro appropriate, for tho nag was ol' thc very thinnest, looked as if he were cut out of pasteboard, had no back, and, to completely authorise his nickname, never ran straight. Nor woro tho north-country "Jocks'' less witty on their masters than on the steeds. No name was better known at Doncaster, no man altogether so fortunate there, for a time, as Mr. Paire. At that period, however, ho exemplified the truth of the proverb implying that Love does not favour the favourite of Fortune. The lucky master of a racing stud had been success- ful in more than one suit to very many ladies ; and as he once walked on to the course, Tommy Lye, that atomy "in topboots, remarked to his fellows-" Eh ! look oop, lads; yon's Solicitor General /" In the time of honest and ludicrous Tommy, some changes had been established which ren- dered the races at Doncaster, but especially the St. Leger, more popular both with trainers and the peoplo at large. The amount of: subscrip- tion was raised to 50 guineas, and the weights were settled at 8st. 61b.) for colts, and' 8st. 3lb. for fillies. The owner of the second horse, too,' did not approach honour so nearly without maping some of. its substantial fruits, by re- ceiving 100 guineas out of the stakes. Thence- forth . Doncaster . became more " fashionable " than any similar locality in tho north." A day there, when the place was really in its prime, was by no means an idle day for tho gay people who were generally making nearly a week of it, and were often paying a guinea a night for their bods. Tho men began the morning, if last night's business had not in- capacitated them, by hunting-cub-hunting if they could get nothing better. They went out early, and were easily baale'for tho races at two o'clock. These over, they dined, and then wont to tho olav, tho capital yoric company supplying tho actors j and tho entire county and some districts beyond furnishing trowing samples of north-of-Englarid boauty; This por- tion of the day's hard toil, or delicious pleasure, as some thought it, being concluded at a rea-' son iblo hour, the elite of the audienco repaired to the ball, and so "kept it up" till the grey dawn of a coming September morning. The dissipation was compounded for by small subscriptions < to local charities and religious societies-a course the spirit of which was something akin to that of tho famous Princess d'Harcourt, who both gambled and cheated till four o'clock in the rooming, but who no vor wont to bed till she had received tho Sacrament at tho hands of her chaplain. Doubtless, many of tho nobility the most abandoned* to tho allurements of sport wore influenced by principles superior to those. Among thom wo may montiori tho Marquis of Exeter, who once proposed that tho race for the Riddlcsworth Stakes should not toko placo on tho Monday, as, in order to be present at them, he was obliged to do what he would rather avoid -namely, travol on tho Sunday. General j Grosvenor, if we remember rightly, treated tho I proposal with a laugh and a '* rider," to the j effoot that tho Riddleworth Stakes, in such ease, should be thenceforth callod tho " Exeter Change! " In the carly,poriod of Doncaster races, pre vious to tho " Sillingor," the " Coop day" was tho day for the lord and lout, for the Lady Clara Vero de Veres and tho Cicoly Jenkinses. For tho whole' country side tho Cup day re- mains Btill the favourite of tho week, and at- tracts its especial thousands in tho north. When tho Leger roso from its nine, ten, or a dozen subscribers to thirty or forty at fivo-and twonty guineas cooli, and to its seventy or eighty at fifty guineas each, offering ohanccs of fortunes to bo won, requiring superior horsos, and furnishing opportunities for realising great profits oven by their salo if they distinguished themselves, it becamo an essentially fashionable stake, and the "day of running for it an empha- tically fashionable day. In its performance and its issues Yorkshire was indood immonsoly interested ; hut tho hopes, fears, delights, or despair of the " country people" wore all re- served for * t' raco fdr t' coop." It was tho first prize the old corporations had ever subscribed for; and tho example sot by a sporting Queen in connection with tho same subj cot had not lost its influence oven on thoso unconscious of it. Wo olludo to Queen Anno. She not only gavo cups to bo run for in tho north, but this remarkably placid woman was very eager as a runner of hor own horsos on tho turf. Pick's old HUtorical Earing Calendar, published yearly at York, from 1700 to 1785, affords evidence of this!foot. Tho Quoon ontorod hor horses at York, to run for hor own cups ; but sho doos not appear to have boen fortunato. ' In July, 1719, her groy gelding Popporoama in fifth and third, in two heats, for her Majesty's Hundred Guinea Cup. In tho following year her groy horse Mustard ran sovonth and fifth for a similar prize ; four milo heats, it must bo remembered, but tho horsos. wore six years old. At the sum. mor mooting of 1714, Anno's bay horse Star won a plato of £40 value, in four boats, thus lost and ' recovered-four, tbreo, one, one. This waa tho sporting Queen's last triumph ; one of which she was nevot conscious. Aftor this royal race had been run, " on ox proas," says old Pick, " arrived .with advico of the death of.her.Mpjcs'.y Queen .Anne;, upon which-the-nobjlity and gentry immediately left the field, and attended the lord mayor (Wm, Redman, Esq.) and Archbishop Dawes, who proclaimed his Majesty King George the First, after which most of tho nobility set off for London. The sun of York, as we have intimated, paled before' Doncaster, which became a trysting place for delogatea from all tho nobility, gentry, and commonalty, with means of getting thither from every port of the kingdom. Lady Pent weazle, in the old farce, regrets that less care is tnken for the improvemont of the race of men than that for tho breod of horses. Hod her ladyship over been at Doncaster, the sight there would have cut the ground from under the basis of her rogret. Wo pass over the dis- tinguished people of now ancient days-Sir Charles Bunbury, whose system of running two year old . horses has been ruinous in its consequences to the steed ; tho old Earl of Grosvenor, to support whom the miser Elwes warmed into liberality, lent him 3000 guineas, and nearly broke his own neck in trying to cheat a turnpike, for the sake of twopence, on his woy home. We soy nothing of thc booutiful and audacious Mrs. Thornton, wife of a colonol who was a chief of a Jockey Club and Prince of the Holy Roman Empire; a lady who rode races for thousands of guineas or hogsheads of claret, who dazzled tho eyes as sho flow by in hor loopard-coloured tunic, coquettishly short onough to exhibit the smnllost of feet' and tho moBt richly laced of petticoats ; a lady, in short, who was not only a Hyppola, but a Sappho ; in her own case joyously recording herold loves of tho stables, and tho feats she accomplished, as the jockey poetess remarks With my mitro bard in hand, and my whip in my month. Among tho former glorios who used to shine on Doncaster race-course, wo will merely register tho old Earl of Claremont, whom, once riding in a I0030 coat and a hood,, by the side of the Prince of Wales, people, mistaking for tho antiquated Princess Amelia, ascribed a virtue to " Wales" which he did not possess, and thought him a model of a grand nephew for taking such care of bis aged kinswoman. Then there was Lord Poley, Fox's confoderoto, as he used to be called, whoso horses, like Sackville Fox's, were, generally anywhere but first at the winning-post. Groater than he was "Old Q," the last Duko bf Quoensborry, whose death gavo such regret to rasonldom and such wealth to the I Yarmoutbs. Even I Tho King, God WBBB him ! gavo a whew ! Two Dukes just dead I a third gone, ton I What I what 1 oould nothing eave old Q Tue Star of Piccadilly ? -Equal in rank, more noble in spirit than old Q, was the Duke of Grafton, who also often honoured' the St. Leger'Day by his presonce. He is said to have béón the person who con- ferred a rich living on a hard-riding curate for no other reason than that the duko having been " spilt " in a ditch, the curate called out to him " lie still! " while he leaped over him. The splendour of tho show at Doncaster cul- minated in our fathers' days, or in the spring- time of many of us, who remember, as if it were but yesterday, when Peter's Rowton beat Voltaire ond.Sir Hercules. In these practical days the train simply discharges waggon-loads of noble, gentle, and simple into the town. It was not so of yore. There was then a gathering, in its tine and " gradual " sense. Tho divers moda ' hrniiá*>* T iliirom nnmpnnjr.' TIlO great aristocracy of tho country " progressed^ to thoir lodgings or to the course, like princes, in grand state coaches-and-six, with a score of grooms as radiant as now liveries and old ale could make thom. There were thoir stately masters, Rockingham and Fitzwilliam, Leeds and Cleve- land, Harewood and Wharncliffo, whoso 'sons, cantering along the roads in joyous groups, would have made à body of cavalry as hand como as Pompey's, and less regardful of their beauty. Sons of peers, many .brothers to- gether, young squires-all lords of land, in hand or in hopo-it was a pleasant sight to soe thom 1 ? Protestant or Catholic, there was n general fraternisation, and tho roads were merry with them-Fairfax, Lane Fox, Mark- ham of Becoles, Middleton Chnlonnor, Vava- sour, Bland of Kippax, Mitton, tho Gascoynes of Aberford, young Conyers Osborho, and three or four of tho brothers Loscellos, the eldest of thom a " curlod son of Clinins," and with a not moro affable word for Lord George Bentinok or Osbaldeston than for Mr. Gully, who is riding down from Ponlofraot, and through whoso hat Osbaldeston, in a duel, once sent a bal). Bettor thora, as Gully remarked, than through his head ! Thon what a gathering thora, used to bo in the streets on tho Monday boforo the races com- menced 1 Dobrott might have found thoro nearly oil his " peers," Lodge his " baronets," and Burke all his "commoners" of note. This sort of thing was at its height in 1820, the year whon Rowton won. We never saw the territory of the old Saxon De Fossard of Toa tig, son of Godwin-of Robert Earl of Montaigne-of tho Malolious, or Mauleys--and, finally, of tho Corporation Doncastor, so brilliant as in that j oar, when tho famous Duchoss of St, Albans held a little court on tho sunny sido of tho street, where Norman and Saxon rendered homage to that queen for an hour, oro all, moving off to the races, were encountered by dozens of tract-distributors, solemnly pronounc- ing that tho road to the course was tho route to Hados, and something beyond. For bo it from us to discuss how Lord Cleve- land's Voltaire lost the Leger nod won the "Coop," or how Mr. C. Horn eas tlo played " Figaro," and Mr. Lomon Redo " Charles the Twelfth" at tho theatre Lot us rather show that the great mooting of -1820 was productivo of good rosults, foreign to the races themselves, but a natural consequence of thom. It was. Among tho young beauties and handsome ' lords and squtros, whose numbers rendered that especial assembling a thing to bo remomborod as n dazzling droam, that first sprang up tho idea of that famous "'Charity Bozaor,v for tho bonofit of tho County Hospital, which was sub- sequently held at York. At this bazaar tho chief Yorkshire beauties presided,' and their presence wrung poetry, good, bad, and indiffe- rent) out of tho hearts and inkstands of half tho holrs-apparont to Yorkshire OBtates, and others. Of all the rhymers; howovor, two only may bo said to have knitted rhymes which well dosorvod1'^ to livo; These woro loisurely mado impromptu», tho authors of which wore' Lord Mulgrave (tho present Marquis of Normanby) and a youthful scion of a noblo houso, flaxen-haired, light eyod, cloor-sklnnod, and with a roputatlon from collogo which made tho winners of cups, by horses or greyhounds, afraid of him-so muon more glorious woro the prizes he had carrlod off In ' University "contests'' whore thoro was a oudgolling of brains. Thislast young poot, and' then budding statesman, was Lord Morpeth, I now Earl of Carlisle, and Lord-Lieutenant ol Ireland. . ; " Like trne poets, these, two young lords took tho presiding beauties for tho sut'jectB of their lines; but whiio Mulgrave illustrated a group, Morpeth dashed into lyrical love'with the whole bevy. The stanzas of oither bard, however, present us with pictures .of a ptst which may still interest Ub ; and we give precedorJco to the swoop of tho lyre effected by the rapt author of "Matilda," as he beheld ono of the fairest sights in Christendom .-Lady Grantham, and her two daughters, tho Misses Robinson, officiating together nt the saino counter. Eurynome amid her threo Graces were not a sight more fit to wake tbe lyre. That of Lord Mulgrave was touohod to this tuning : Soo that fair troop at yonder (itali, With one who shine!) above them all, They look n ulster group ; but «7«, The youngest bonuty of the thrue, By dearer tins to them allied, Ol British matrons is tbo pride. Look nt ber brow, so smooth and fair 1 Gare lins not found its impress there. Her roven loolts aro black as when She Irat bowitohod tho eyoB of mon. Timo hos delayed for ber, alone, And Youth bas markod her for its own. Lord Morpeth worshipped that fair mother too ; but the young poet was subdued by the general loveliness. A "card of the races" could not have been more precise to its purpose than his ly rio list of tho charms, tho grace, tho names, and merits of tho ladies. Thus sang tho bord, nnd no wonder is it that ho has romainod a bachelor ever since : - Lady, I oovet not that radinnt heap With more than nil tho rainbow's colours warm; Tho rioli rnoanio of embroidery kofip. Tho penoill'd Iandsoape, and thu painted form. If round my sennes thou wonld'st oast thy snell ; If, o'er roy coffers, Iby dominion prove, Sell mo the beau lien that in Grantham dwell, Her mouth of eoftnes», and her Bmilo of love. Soil mo the loveliness, sedate and high, Twlu'd, in the bridal wreath, round Petra's head, The langhter-loving blue of Vornon'ri oyo, Herbert'« young bloom, and Milner'^ high-born tread. Sell rae the smiles in FoxM dim riling face. Tl e form abo horrow'd from Titania'* dmoo, Stonrton'a o-lld lustre, Dunoombe't) tnp'ring grace Yorlco's foll bright orb, and Howard's kindred glanoo Suob oro the peerless oharms that prias defy, Above tba weight of silver nnd ol' gold : For, when thy winning voioo would bid mo buy, I feel, ainsi that I mydolf-om sold. Tho Thoban who sang tho conquests in tho Courso and other contests at the tour great festivals of tho Grooks may have produced moro lasting linos than tbo abovo, born of Doncaster and York ; but ho produced none which pre sont to us, as these do, tho distinctive individ- uality of tho beauties who shed lustro on thc scene. Tho minstrels thomsolvos may have forgotton the homage which they paid in rhyme, and which wo committed to typo from manuscript copies . which were circu- lating at the time, and which wore commontod upon till nnothor Logor occu- pied tho souls of men. Wo will only remark, that this autumn meeting fulfilled, in a certain degree, tho desire expressed by Walpole-that races and county, gatherings might produjo j that in which tho gamos and assomblios of tho ancients wore fruitful-bards, to render atten- dant beauties immortal in deathless (or decent) verse. ?>v~ n».u»iiua»a ». ii," morn e who woro to bo habitually seen exalted visitors a on Doncaster Course, but the truth is that tho moro occontrio characters, wore among the visitors of a lower grade. Some of thoso occontrio personages, however, contrived to get hanged. Such was the caso, somo half century since, with Daniel Dawson, not better known at Doncaster than at Nowmnrkot, and who employed himself, or was employed by others, in poisoning with arsenic tho drinking-water of horses whoso success in tho futuro race was not desirable to Daniel or his patrons. Sevoral steeds perished in this way, at tho hands of Daniel, in tho north as wall as at New- market. Ultimately, a case from the latter locality was proved against him, through the treachery, of a confederate, and Daniel snfforod death for it at Cambridge Had he been n martyr in a good causo ho could not have died with more becomingness. Daniel complained of no one, did not even reproach himself, and expressed his satisfactory conviction that hu ° should certainly nsuond to Heaven from tho drop 1" Brutal as his offence was, it seems ill measured justice to take a mon's life for that of a beast. Dawson is beyond our own recollection ; but wo can well remember n more singular and much moro honest follow than himself, whose nppenranco on tho Donoaster Course was as confidently looked for, and as ardently desired as that of any of the lords-lioutonant of tho various ridings. Wo allude to the onco famous Jotumy Hirst, the Bawcliffo tanner, whose last of about fifty visits lo tho " Slllinger " and " Coop " con- tests was made when he ho was hard upon ninety-one years of age. When Jemmy re- tired from tho tanning business with mo. tn s to sot up os a gentloman, tho first object he pur- chased was, not a carriage, but a coffin, de- positing thorein some of the means whereby ho kept himself alive, namely, his provisions. The walls of tho room in which this lugubrious sideboard was erocted were hung round with all sorts of rusty agricultural implements. This lord of astron go household retained a valet and a female " general servant." His stud consisted of mules, dogs, and a bull ; mounted on which ho is said to have hunted with tho Badsworth Hounds. His most familiar friends were a tamo fox and ottor. Ho certainly rode tho bull whon ho went put shooting, and was thon ac- companied by pigs as pointors. In fair Ump, Hirst UBed to take this bull and a cou plo of its follows to bo baited, sitting proudly by himself whilo his valet wont about collecting the " cop- pers." His waistcoat was a glossy garment modo of tho nock-foathors of tho drake, from tho pooket of which wo have seen him issuo his own bank-notes, bearing responsibilities of paymont to the amount of " Fha half-ponoo." His oarriago was a sort of palanquin, carried aloft by high whoota, and its chief peculiarity was that there was not a nail about it. This vehicle was really bettor known at Donoastor than tho stately oarriago of Lord Fitzwilliam himsolf. It was tho boast of the proud and | dirty gontlomon who sat onthronod thoro, that ho hovor had paid, and never would pay any sort of tax to tho King ; nnd how ho managed to shoot, as ho did, without paying for a liconse, was best known to himsolf. Ho was tho moat popular man on the ooureo, and, unliko very many whio bogan rich and ended poor, Jemmy, increased in wealth year by year. Ho was wont to contrast himself with " tho Prince's friend," Colonel Mellish, who inherited on immense property, won two Legers in* two e*w sèoutive years, 1804-5, and finally died almost «| pauper. Jemmy had, undoubtedly in his view of things, done better than Colonel Mellish ; but tho tanner, through life, neveir thought of the welfare but off ono human being - that of James Hirst. He was as selfish as tho hutcher-ehurchwnrdcn of Doncaster, who» ruined the grand old tower of tho church by placing a hideous cluok-face in if, which was 80> constructed that no one could see the time by. .' it; except from the butcher's own door. We should hardly render Hirst justice, how- ever, if wo omitted to stato how such a great man departod from this earth. The folding doors of his old coffin were closed upon bim. Eight tuxom widows carried his corpse for * . honorarium of half-a crown each. Jemmy bael exprossed a desire to have eight old maids to undortake this service, bequeathing half-a guinoa to euch as hire. But the ladies in . question were not forthcoming. So the widows ; were engaged in their place ; but why tho feo - was lowered we cannot tell, unless it was to paify for tho bagpipe and fiddle which headed thor procession., AU tho country round flooked ix» ! to do Jommy honor or to enj oy tho holiday ; and for many n year afterwards might the . sorrowing comment be heard on Doncaeter Course-" Nay, lad 1 t'Coop-dny seems nought- . loiko wi'out Jommy 1" and the mourners took y out his " Ft-haw pence notes," and comparecí their own touching respective memories of the departed elory of Doncaster. < . At thc close of Jeta my's career, that of won- derfully well-dressed members of tho "swell mob" was at its busiest, if not at its brightest. Tho la'tor, however, was only shortlived, let it bo as temporally prosperous as it might, on ti it bore a grand moral with it to those who wit- nessed its two extremes. We particularly re- member a most illustrious party of (Ids equivo- cal " quality," who really dazzled common folk by the splendour of thoir " turn out" both as» regarded the n sel vos and their equipage. Peo plo took them for foreign princes, or nativo nobility returned from foreign climes, arid hot yet familiarly known to tho public. This im- pression did not last long. Tho well- dressed,, finely-curied, highly-scontod, richly-jowelled. strangers, sauntering among tho bettor known. aristocracy, commenced u series of predatory " operations, which speedily brought thom within tho fastness of the town gaol. No one. who saw them there a day or two later, after sooing them on the course, will ever forget the- - sight and the strange contrast. Stripped of thehr fíriery, closely cropped, and clad in coarse flan- nel dresses, we romombor them seated nt BVJ board, with a hot lump of stony-looking rica? before them for a dinner. They gloomily rc- , fused the wholesome fare ; but four-nnd-twoniy. . hours moro, sharpening their appetites and ' demolishing its fastidiousness, subdued them to> ': the lovol of their fortunes, nnd tho prison pro- < vender was consumed with the calm dignity, but therewith the intonso disgust, of philoso- phers and men of . tho world. Altogether, there was occasionally a very mixed society on and about tho course;., among tho so-to-speak professional habilitât, men who made n business of tho. pursuit thoro,.. who wore uotors rather than spectators, and/ all of whom have disappeared without leaving a successor in his peculiar line, wo may mention the old Duko of Leeds, rodolont of port; tho whitc-faoed Duke of Clovolond, " the Jesuit of tho Ring;" Mr. Ridsdale, ox footman, thon millionnaire, finally pauper;. blacksmith Richardson, who, shaking his hoad at. T.nflds.V would remark of himsolf, that 80bnoty alone nadsavoa mm iruui *uei*i{r. hanged ; Mr. Boardswortb, who had boon ori- ginally a hackney-coachmnn, now sporting his ' crimson liverios; Mr. Crockford, who com- menced lifo with a fish basket; and tho well known son of the hostler at tho Black Swan, rr> York, wearing diamond rings and pins, hotting; his thousands, and looking as cool the whilo, ns. if ho not only largely used tho waters of Pactolus, but ownod half tho gold dust on ita banks. Tile two exlrom.es of tho official men. as regarded rank, were, perhaps, Lord Georgo Bentinck, nnd Mr Golly, tho ox pugilist. The former introduced, nt Doncaster, tho signal-flag to regulate tho " sturts," and ho founded tho Bentinck Fund (with tho money subscribed for a testimonial to himsolf), for tho roliof of decoyed jockoys nnd trainor*. Tho two mon wcro oqun's in ono respect, tho coolness with which they either won or lost. Thoy who remember tho yenr whon Potro's Matilda boat Gully's Mameluke,, and who witnessed tho ovont and its results,, speak yot .with a sort of prido of Gully's con- duct. Ho had lost immensely ; but he was tho first man who appeared in the betting-rooms to . pay any one who had a bot registered against him, and he was tho last man to loavo, not re- tiring till ho was satisfied that thoro did not* remain a single claimant. Mo paid away a grand total on that occasion which, proporly invested, would have sot all tho poor in Doncas- ter at ease for over. Wo havo alluded to somo or tho most famous ?. of running horsos ; let us add, thoro was no in stonco of tho samo horso. winning both tho Derby and St. Loger Stakes till tho year 1800, whon Kit Wilson's Champion oarriod off tho two prizes. The old charm was brokon ; but tho Uko feat has only been raroly accomplished sinoe that limo. Nearly half a century olapaodt boforo it was ropoatad, by Lord Clifdon's fov rather LordGuorgo Bonlinok's^/ Surplice. Mr.. Wilson won tbo two raaos, not only with tho samo horso, but tho samo jockey, Frank Buckle Surplioo was ridden in tho Derby triumph by Templeman ; nt Donoastor by Nat. Finally, this yoarmuoh of tho old oxci'omont scorns to havo been aroused, and doubtless great will bo tho gatharing whoro moro than, foursooro "Legers" havo been now docided... Thoro aro a iow vary old mon toddling about tho ancient town who, from tho shoulders of their sires, saw tho first raoo run wlicu Lord. North was tho cnroloss and good-nnturod Pro-- - raior. To theso tho namo of tho prosont favou- rite, Thormanby, has a pleasunt Yorkshlro sound, and with thom thoro is something in a namo. With tho issues of tho coming race, howover, wo havo nothing to do, oxecpt to re- mark, on this occasion, tho possibility, though it bo remoto, of tho success of what docs not often dosorvo to succeed-namely, "High. Treason." 