.euUNTllY LIFEÏ Dr JToxotor».-^ A bowry lummona Ilsa Uks'Ioca upon mo, And yoi I cannot eloon, .. "-- '-i , , *\>,-. .:?'>'. , Maonrrn. . HORACE recommends tho sleepless Roman to swim thrice across the Tiber^and ore hojsoekhis'c'ouoh to_*drenoh"hls fwrne with wjije-a classical'way of. rendering, what we in the vornaqukr term' " passing a wet evening " We nattier from history that the masters of _tho__world were__oIa ot ^drinkers, the"sire"of "their"drinking o'ups, Wefroirpiéñcy of their.toasts, thoir aversion to 'heel-taps,'.' which' we infer from their recorded! habit of striking tho brim of each tunned tip goblet 'against the thumb nail, to show what thorough justice bad boon done to Its contents, all these little social and oouvivial practices prove, beyond a doubt, that i had "black strap" been the particular Vanity imbibed in sash profusion, there would have been few instances of a senator walkin* to h<s couoh, and " as drunk aa Julius Catari" instead of being as it is now, a pleasant «nd classical moUphorf betokening helpless ineMoty, would have , stood reobrrlodiin sad, if not in sober earnest,'ns an historical fact. And the ''o her bottle" of strong pjrt, acting npon a frame already diluted with sundry glasses of dry champagne and ' rtolirious .Madeira," doubtless produces n slumber which, if it were only long in proportion ;>o its . depth, would bo re- freshing to.tho lost djgree ; but unfor unately, "ere '1 the " dook a shrill ol arion or tho echoing horn'! hos proclaimed : the'approach of day, on unwelcome flt of vigilance overtakes--the prostrate Bacchanalian; and, with Îiar'cbei;.throat nndj'nohing ; brow ' hé; tosses-*o . and ro upon' his bed, - too rottless to relapso into slumber, and yet in a most unfit condition to bo up and doing. Mrs. -Montague Forbes's ghost .story was \ buzzing' in my oars when I sought my dormitory. 1 certainly wound up mv watch, though I hu.vo.no distinct recollection of extinguish- ing my candió, therefore 1 cannot have been tho least under tho influouoe of Bacchus ¡ no, it was probably the salad Blind norer does' ngr.'O with mo, ortho ootleo mi ¿ht havo been too,strong, but it . clearly was not tho wine that camed me to awake about throo o'olock in the morning, very much heated, rather nervous, and oxtromnly - ipdis.-osed to go to ale 'p again. . Tho full moon was pouring her beams into roy chamber throniih a chink in tho shutters, arid the clonk in th« passage, who« overv licit hud for snmo time been 'irritating- my nerveB, gave its throo, silvery strokes, arid then went on with its aggravating ."one, two.'' louder than bofore, when, to.my infinito discomposure, I fan-¡ed I hear! a slight scream in a woman's voice. My firstimpulse was to put my hoad under the bed (¡lothe-, but miking an .effort to ma-t*r this not very valorousin¡-ti ot. f sat np and listened. Who, that hai over geno through this i erfor mauce in tho middle of the night, will denv, that it is, to .ny the least of it, the most, uncomfortable method of passing the t'me usually devoted to repose-how tho sliirhtest sound appears muguilhd to au alarming degree-Vow every ho* ror <it, ,whioh; the newspapers aro always tull heomnos cresent to the miud ot once - how tho hoards cf hilhero silent and deserte I passages nnd rooms, cronk ns though trodden: stealthily by ghost or robber, of no fragile weiirht-how the_ loeling of apprehension merges into invitation,-and, viceversa, till you hardly know whether yo i are most alarmed or provoked) and How, in-tho midst of ill tlieso misgivings, you generally drop insensibly into a Jistnrbed slumber, from whioh you.wake noxt mjnilng, nt an hour when you , ouidit. to bo dressod,1 unrefreshed, nnd very.rauobnsliamed of yourself, Kuch is the usitnl conclu- sion of ? ai broken night's rest; but. when you have boen credibly informed, li om lips .on whioh yoii pince implicit reliance, .that you are actually next 'door to a haunted chamber, Morpheus is moro ohsrv of his favours, an 1 never at high'noon did I feel moro thoroughly awake than during tho weary.hours of tho first night I spent ntTopthorue .Lodge.,-i ! ~. .- - ? <gu'u that stifled scream-again that light and stealthy f iut-tall passing my very door. Flesh, nnd blond could stand it : rio longer, and, in sheer desperation, I Jumped wildly'ont of bed and rushed into the pass-tgo, wit li a sort ot' morbid impulse, that hid mo face tho worst nt once, and get it over. - Cold crept ibo night air ronnd my delencoloss limbs. for my uArrnrnt was scant, and,tho dr ifts whioh pervaded the old house wero pitiless; but tho bodily disoomfnrt I ox iierienced-.was nothing compared to the mmtnl chill that shot (through my very, marrow when,' nt the further end of theÜong gloomy;p»'sage, I distinctly saw a whl'o trans paroiii:looking figu'e vanish tbiouirh one of tlioso graen nw¡n¿inir' doors,, so especia'ly adapted for the exits and entrances of ghoäts.. ;Huü I not been . tho . soli ary occupant pf the.Visitors Win'''-hud thoro been nnother deneen ràf that, haunted locality, to rush to his ohnmher in superstitious terroK my moutli upon, my h air on ends-my * a owy dripery, floating on tho . uiglit breeze, and my eves fited with a strong glare on t bc disappearing speotro. tin',. alas 1.1 find no companion to encourage nie with hi* bod il» presenae. .Iwas alone, all t-lone now ; for tho ghost'was gone s: and mn th .dlseomllled, nudor tho oimhino I feelings of fear, sluwne, and a half atupiaion that the whole might be a trios; to impose upon iny credulity, I again SOUK ht'my couch, and, at length, when tho cheerful dawn mode it« api- earanco, and tho " early birds'", wera twittering gladly to meet the approach of day, 1 found courage to rea!uh myself to a heavy slumber, from which I did not awake till tho sound of a great bo.l tolling somewhere in the neigh- bourhood of my bedroom anno incod that breakfast would bo ready in that short half-hour whioh argues a toilette either completed with 'wonderful doxtority, or else curtailed of some of its most essential forms. The Squire said I looked "seedy." the widow hop?d 1> had slept; woll, and not been visited by tho" Lily of the Lea," and breakfast passed ovor without any further remark ott the disturbance of tho night, which apps ired not to have aroused my host, or host)«». Holder in the daylight, ani ashamed of my alarm I thought it best to say nothing of ray- unwelcome visitor, though J con'ess, that, for un instant, the rinohivulrous thought crossed my mind, that if this sort of thing was to go on every night, not oven tho charms of Mrs. Montague Forbes» society during tho day could compensate for such a lifo ' of terror ; and I had better framo some excuse that might withdraw mo from tho dangerous neighbourhood of Topthorno Lodge,, and tho romantic regions bf tho wost. But the widow smiled as widows only om, nnd day after day saw me lin- gering on. » welcome guost nt tho rough Squire's table, 'a willing captive to tho attractions of lils sister. Occasion- ally. a« 1 lay BwnKo in tho bluo-room, I fancied I could hour a footstep stealing gently along tho pnssngo, but, after n brief struggle with my pride, I gonernlly buriod ' my bond beneath my bed clothes, mid emerg ed again hot and breath- less, when I imagined tho apparition must hive pissed away j and, whether it was tho old port, or the country air, or, moro probably, the healthy out-of-d mrs lifo I was lead- ing. 1 know not, mit I found that altogether I slept passably well, and my quarters agreed with mo amazingly. Pay after day gilded away, nnd found mo still a visitor at ibo Lodgo Friends oimo and want, and seomod tö consider mo ns ono of tho family. Partridges got wild, pheasant shooting began, aub hunting bieune loss and loss gothic in its hours, and, instead of six o'o'ack, I used to mount the' Squire's roughest pony, alway« very much at my service, and lil» to the fast mollowiiig woods at half-jinst niuo. I like otib huntinif, it is a sort of earnest of the delights about to bo produced by tho coming season ; and it', ns tho moralists tell us, tho charm of pleasuro Hos ohiolly in its anticipation, how much grouter must bo tho satisfaction of the chase, (particularly as you nood not ride over the , fencoa) wlion owvy day brings it .neaw and nearer to its parltiition, than «hon the drying winds of spring haro pnrnhed tho sdi, tho gaps boen made up, si iff and plnshod. and ns high ns n man's chin ; and everything, fro« tho stnring coats of your hounds to lb; battered logs of your horses, worn you that tho ond ol'your favourite sport is ut hand. Well, .November was npproaohing, and still I was at Topthorno's'. No,intelligence arrived from Bagshot j and to tho Squire's pressing invitation to romain until Iiis return, and begin " tho reason" in the wost, what could I roply, but a grutoful afurmatlvo ? Anil yet it alt soemed liku a dream, what with shooting, and fishing, ami flirting ; pia-nios when the weather was fino ¡ driving, with Mrs. Montague, in her pret'yponv carringo with ita qtt'ot pony, (for MM. M.,,was too tpnid to mount a homo, gentle creaturo Í) when ir. was doubtful; and playing, b.attloiloro and shuttlecock with her when it was raining-the timo glided by in poaoeftti happiness, . all, tho mora insidious for Its. tranquility. IlonJor, havo you erar played battlodoro. and shuttlecock across a billiard table, with maid, wife, or widow, ospooinlK tito latter? . If you uoyor have, toko my advice, and don't try. " Where ignoraneo is lilias, 'tis folly to bo.wiso." And should you wish to osoupo tho common doom of your sox, to Uro and die unfettered by tho matrimonial 'fetters ¡ un- scathed by Hymen's torch | uuimnrlsjiiod within hi» mngio ring ; a freo man from toora.lind " trousseaux," guise and lrossin i bother and brido cake-then takoyotir diversion nt bowls "willi tho parson,' nt ' skittles .witt) tío gamekeeper-, oyo, OTOO nt reatta with ft Frooîhmnri ! but don't play battledore nnd «buUleoook with a lady. Need t add how tho danger is onhnncod when tho «niel laily, in addition to hor opportunitloi or fascination, as tho Inhabitant of tho smm country houso Willi yotirsolf, ls possessed of a rounded figure, and a beautiful nun, shown to , tho Kroatost advantage os sho strikes tho winged mlscliiof-mnkor high into tho air, a frosh -comp'oxton, dcopened Into a rosy hua by tho oxorclso and the pu tait, and long sunny rlnglots thal droop nvor ilia prostrato shut- ' tlonook lu playful despnir, ns sha pioks lt up with u ringing laugh nt " hor own stupidity,'! and iloclarcs it is " su pro- voking wo cannot hopn lt up above n hundrod nnd twonty."' Such was my lot, and, strange to tay, I wilfully shut my eyes to tho lUngor, nnd still played on. I have oft^ii wandered whether the lato Mr. Moiituguo Forbes war in adept at this game, nnd whethor this was-tho'method adopted toaapturo that austere and puritanical.gentleman, (for suohl littTO been glron to understand ffas his cha rooter -probably, if not ao, some other eanally efllclent anare ' WM prepared, and tho bait-like that ot a sagacious keeper, wa» adapted to the nature of the vermin to lio entrapped. Well, as il hove alreudy a aid, the', limo 'slipped on merrily enough,'-and that irapor'ant opoob, tho'llrst Mandar In No- vember, wan rapid!v approaching, I lind donidod 11 romain with 'tho Squire till Christmas ¡ and, abandoning all visions of distinction in "the shires"-nil ambition of shining nm ng tho 'daring dandies of Melton, or effecting a b illinnt . escapo from the crowd of. , infuriated centaurs who periodically override tho Pytohloy honnis, i had resolved tb go deeplv into thé eoWcö of the yiing,_nnil have V'eroód «pell bf wild hunting in a wild country willi": Squire TOi'thorne"nnd tho Fipiingdo'n lionn ls. The mailer) was delighted, as ra*«'ers always aro with : the compliment implied by a desertion of other hunting establishm-tits in favour of their own, and kindly offered .to put roo in tho wnv of obtaining tho material .for enjoyment, in the shapn of two good nseful nags, at the lowest possible exnenditu e. ' Maggs is tho only follow tn dosi with." said the Squire, "Ijhmghtoll ^Blunderbuss*ot'Maggs-I'll tell you what, Foxglnvo-wo'll go over io ' tho paddocks' the day after to .monow, and seo what he has got." .:. ;iTo be. continued.) 7 : ! ,»:'' 