THE TWO THOUSAND QTJIKJ5A8. . (Fren lha 8porting Magaxine.) ' There WM little doing in Newmarket itself Joey .Jones waa not tn costume, bat in (we présame) court I mourning, and only drove a mulo-cart ap and down the thoroughfares in an "eccentric" and violent manner, and elicited the carl on every lip, as, with tho reins a i mile apart, he tore past the betting-rooms. People I seemed to talk of Sayers and Heenan more than any- thing else, and we heard many farmers say that thoy ? had merely come to seo them Any man who contd toll of this modern David and Goliath was qaite at a premium. A Sayerite would recount how a member of I Ibo Jockey Club, who went to the fight, had sent Tom I à £100 note, and thoa brauch oil' into anecdotes of bis sojourn and habits of lifo at Newmarket, How, for in- stance, be used to run ronnd tho Bury Hill, two miles at least, without stopping, and tben get rubbed down with whiskey, with little garnishes about his going to bed at 10, after a quiet look in at the billiard-rooms, and wiading ap with aa oology on Sam Hogers, for his empty horso I van dodgo, tbe magistrates m general, who wouldn't I back tho warrant, and tho magistrate in particular who wonld have Baid nothing, but rather liked it, if tho ring j bad been formed in his park. In fact, such waa tho in ' terest with wbich "every drop of tho immortal man" wat sucked in, that if tho room whore he slept bad beon shown at a shilling a hoad, it wonld never have been empty all the forenoon. Tho American journalists did visit it weeks ago, to make a drawing, and snw not only old Knglixh ivy and primroses and crocuses near it, but roses and jessamines, and wo know not what, peeping forth, and already "green with tho eyes of springV' Heenan, too, was watched about everywhere, and most exciting to many was thc story that his face could not bo reduced sufficiently beforo the Sght, although Macdonald made him play tho part, day after day, of" tho man with the (flannol) mask." Their horse, Umpire, ba9 been doing long slow work for th re«) weeks, finishing fach time op the Cambridge hill) but one of the first things we heard was, that six monkeys to one had been laid against him by a .'dangerous" hand over night. The horsemen wore all drawing up towards the Ditch Stablea io witness tho Two Thousand , candidates, as we rench the coarse. Tho greatest mystification seemed to prevail among the carriage people, as.to tho new,rule, 'and perpetual turnings back to tho result. Some ram- pant young Cantabs, after their wonted drive down town, drove madly across the cdurse. lu vain did Mr Wea tborby burry towards them on foot, and Stnrling with bis coat flaps flying, urge on bis wild caraar after them, to admonish and command. Thora soooied no, permanent remedy till Admiral Rona boro down with'uplifted whip on a'conplo of gig loads, and summarily emnshed ,their hopes of seeing tbs Ditch Stables that day. There was a great crowd round tho lattor, waiting for Nicholas, who ecemed rory strongly fancied in tho conrso of the morn- ing, and was as much talked of as any horse on tho Heath." Quite a mounted gaard of honour clustered round bim aa be came out, but wo cannot say that he was wo-thy of so munh a'tcntion. Ile WAH the 560 gninea premier of Mr Grevilo's 18SS sale, which caused such eorere competition between Mr Cranford and John Day; bnt he is a trifle flatsided, and high on tho leg, and hardly so lengthy ns ho then promisod tn be. Richmond is a low longtby horse, thick through, decidedly tba borit looking, to our minds, of tho Two Thousand candidates; bnt he stopped going down Tho Bushes hill, exactly as be did in the Craven Mooting, ovor tho same conrse. Somehow distance seems to become loss end loss tho forte of the Orlando stock. Traducer was light and short, and not a few were found to shake their hoads at his chanco, although Promised Land is not n trial horse to bo sneezed at, alter tho farm he showed in at Epsom. Still, wo hear of such immeneo things dono hy every horse " at 21 lb" with tho crack of his stable, before every groat raco, that it seems to become a mere stereotyped expression. Aurora was n little tacked- np creature, which looked as if "tho grasshopper." much lesa Alfred Day's 8st 4lb, would have been " n burden;" and Grena- dier was ns big as his name, bat mill Snod down into a uscfal sort of horse. Like him, Von Stroom was good looking, but hardly a racer, and Merrimac looks five years old at least, to judge from his stallion neck, but he does not look set In the monld for a mover; while Kbony had a queer coat, and was " oil of a heap." Lu poilus hardly seemed himself, It was said that he ran untried, and certainly his coat gave ns an idea that, be can take some moro Benham's polish boforo ihe Derby. His ends are big and good, and although many attaoked him on that point, we cannot see that his middle is too light in proportion. His action from the post was very nice, bnt ha did not seem to be in a very first-rate humour for bia work that afternoon. t i Peart galloping np to the now stablos near the gap, ; land a fir with tho veritable Wizard in bia track, gare note where clio Malton trio were preparing; and ere long1 < they carne out, Ashmall in the beautiful blue and red which " the lads of the coaly Tyne" so lore, leading the way on The Wizard, and just ono pound over weight. This is the Grst time we remember such a de- claration in a Two Thousand ; bnt tho weather waa against Tom, and the recusant Sst 91b of Epsom ' would only split the difference with tho coveted Sst 71b. Bia somewhat leggy bay looked well, bat there was a weakness behind tho saddle, which did not strike ns when we saw him last December, and makes ns fancy that ho is hardly a crack Derby horse. We thought how, seven years ago, in the pelting shower, wo watched, from the top of the ditch. Frank canter " Tho West" down from the Banbury Milo stables, for thia very race, and what a tremendous contrast th oro was between sire nod Von, though for speed Tho Wizard looks as if he could run over him. If be bad a white reach we could too, have almost fancied that the ghost of Melbourne tbe grandsiro had almost undergone transmigration into a brown horse, whom a baronot bestrode on the heath that day. Tom Bowline is very little bettor, to tho eye, than he was last year, and seemed to " feel" with bis near fore leg, which was bandaged ; and Tho Rap had an especially blood-like heul and neck. Shortly before they drew in lino, the gallant Benicia Boy with his American attendant, who drew his mar- tial cloak around him, as if he was preparing to defy JEo\ae ns well as the Champion, loomed into sieht through tho Oap. Tho jockey a seemed ta look quito as much at him as tho starter, and he seated himself on the white chain standards, directly opposite Mr Hibburd, and demanded from Teddy Sharp a candid opinion as to Traducers chance when he had caused them all a false start. B. B. seemed a porfect king among men, and ii it be true that ho fought at 13-t 131b, he must bo nearly lolb heavier now, and yet tbore is no lamber on him any where, except perhaps on his legs, which looked like massive pillars as ho sat. A conical hat, a blue great coat, and check trowsers, completed bis attire, and his fnco is that of a prizefighter's, pnre and unadulterated On tho corner of his right eye, there was a deeply con- gested mass of blood-shot, a Might out stilt gaped be- neath it, but his faen was verylittie swelled, although as far as complexion went, be might have been dyed in a decoction of light green tua. and then sprinkled with gun- powder to heighten the effect. People gazed at him in moto wonderment, but his eyes were on tho magnificent mmy-coloarrd line of fifteen in front of bim, and he might well throw up his groat sinewy right and left ''dukes'" and invoke a blessing on thuse who bad brought bim from America, if it was " only to see such a sight." ' Scarcely n cheer was beard in the distance, as wo viewed them pass the post, and wo soon hoard that Tho Wizard " came out and won fifteen lengths !" Joba Scott's fly was drawn up on the Bushes bill, and tho race was over from that point. Peo plo ecemed strack dam li, and the first bona fide "sensation" of the season was felt at last After the trial, John Scott bad hardly ventured to hope against hope, but perhaps no result on tho Whitehall trial book never disappointed him more. Cape Klyaway will tell them something moro abont It when thoy got home, ns unfortunately The Rap was not in it. Tho solution seoms tu bo that the horse is, like his sire, a bad begin- ner, and got chopped down, and that ho bad boen "let into" pretty freely since thoa. Tom Dowlino with Aid croft up. won the triul just BS ho liked, and a Yorkshire- man writoi us Chat "six rural policemen attended tho ceremony." One of tho acutest owners we know, ob- served on tho Monday, that ho bad seldom seen a horse go up the gtllop better, and Auhmalt was so pleased with him when be rode him at oxurcUo on tho Sunday with Tom Bowlino, that it is said be took 3 to 1 twico over from Aldoroft, that ho bust him. I " The upper ton thousand*- caught lt boavily, »na eo did many other believers in tho stable ; and numerous »ere the recitals that night of bow men bad won money i In spite of themselves. In vain did Mr Nichol telo I graph that morning to try and hedge, and what with j this boise Naonykirk, Newminster, and Prior of St Margaret'«, no maa harj less roamin to complain nf ill I lack. Tho Wiasrd's grand dam, Mowerina, was dno to i foal that very doy lo Kingston, and a groy colt by Chan ! ticlecr out of Tho Klapper, and rillioa by Voltigeur out of j «aid Acquaintance, by Wost Austruliuo out of Forgct ! oio-not. and by Orlando oat of Wiasinn, complete the j Streatham Caatle foal list "f this year Wo did not ob- serve. Nat on tho hoath, and regret to hear that, Uko John I Holmes, bo is very far from well. 