LOMBARDY. . \ ' {From the Timu GonetpontUnt.) j ! : 1 MILAN, DEC. IS. To every -sincera admirer of free institutions th« spectacle «Sered at thia present moment by Lorn bardy becomes -daily, not to say hourly, of greatoi interest. - This interest could but be compared tc that felt by ' the passionate horticulturist wh< watches the budding and growth of a number o favourite exotics in a virgin soil. The first moment of excitement is over, ¿and the (question will they take root or not is solved in thc affirmative. The ¡beginning once made the soil shews itself so rich and so propitious that it becomes almost impossible to keep all this luxuriant life in view. All Lombardy is teeming with it. Every hour alietrs a new shoot, every turn brings you before a new variety, and at every step you are charmed by a novelty which you never suspected. It is as if the soil would make up for the long time it lay fallow, and as ii the heavy tramp of the foreign soldier, instead of injuring, had, on the contrary, fructified it. Since I last wrote to you the fertility has been greater than ever ; thero is a regular mania for electoral associations ; every bond which ties people together is seized hold of for the purpose. Nor can this be otherwise in a country where the very idea of all association, for whatever purpose, has been regarded for years with fear and suspicion by the Government as liable to bo turned into some unknown formidable engine against the Austrian. It was an epoch of suspicion, hatred, and consequently isolation, and thus now, when the people of Lombardy are called upou o exercise the first act of their political life which necessitates association, thero are no sentries to group round them. The eagerness of the Lombards to avail themselves of every link shews only the interest which they take in their beginning political life, and the want of these centres of association. Thus, among the hundred and one associations, the professors, the engineers, the medical men, tho schoolmasters and artists, have each formed ono, and now there ia likowise a tendency in the artisans and the workmen to group themselves. In hoariug of all this one sees the shadows of the past fleeting before ono's oye, and the ghost of tho powerful spirit of corporations arise, which was once Milan's strength. Even now, going out of the Piazza di Mercoleto, you can see traces of it in the street of the armourers, the goldsmiths, spur makers, &c.; There is net much danger of tho present generation trying to retrace their steps in these or any other direction ; but this seeking of centres of associations even in the lamber of- almost forgotten traditions is a fresh proof of the exuberance of the new political Ufe, Jt is far better that thia exuberance should thus create a variety of small centres than become a turbid element for agitators. By degrees, when political life becomes riper, these small centres will be absorbed, and tho few great interests take up their place. Many people are rather dissatisfied with this splitting up ; I confess I see in it a sign of ^healthy movement, taking np, 88 it were, the thread of public lifo where it was broken off, rather than following blindly the path traced out by others. Among the associations of a more general character which have lately constituted themselves into an electoral circle is the Societa Nationale, at the head -of which are Garibaldi and La Farina, or better. La Farina and Garibaldi, the gallant General giving hisjname to it ratl er than his co- operation. The society, as you will remember, existed before the war, and has been revived since. According to its programme it will try to stimulate, direct, and promote elections, not only at Milan ant in the new provinces, but likewise in the old ones. It disclaims, nevertheless, all wish to centralise the electoral agitation, birt proposes to institute branch committees in all provincial capitals. Its motto, as you know, is '''Indepen- dence, .Unification, and the House of Savoy, ' to which lately the word " Liberty" has been added. A. semi-weekly paper, the Elctlore, will represent its views. ' The rival society, the Societa Unitaria, which is of Lombard growth, and which distinguishes itself above all from the former by giving, in its programme, greater prominence to liberal institu- tions, is likewise busy getting np a new daily paper to embody its ideas. It 'is to be called the Liberta. In order to appreciate the real nature of'this stir and agitation, which monopolises the whole atten- tion of the public, it must be recollected that it has at this moment only référence to the municipal and provincial, but met the political elections for the Chambers ; that itis scarcely a fortnight ni nee it began; and that there are at least three wceke 'more before the communal elections can take place. It i's, as it were, a preliminary training for the more . important eleotions. After «the rapid progrees made «within the last fortnight, it is, of course, impossstWe to predict what'may occur' during the three weeks which still remain, but,! according to all «appearances, there will BCM o .'ly be any real party struggle until the time for the! political elections comes. The attempt made by j the 'Pwtgolo to turn tho present elections already' .into a field for party struggle was successful as aj newspaper spéculation, but failed as a party; movement. Tho two numbers which contained^ .the list of SOO names of those who - signed the' address in 18S3 congratulating the Emperor of1 Austria on his escape from - the attempt made on his life were sold in large quantitos but the» proceeding, as such, waa universally condemned as one calculated to afford an arm tío the adversaries of tho Italian cause, and not likely to produce any good. The Fersevoranza, in 'its number of to-day, hits-, the nailon the head hy arguing,'ia moderate language, that this is no fit 'time f or ? recriminations ; tthat the quostion is not who should be left out > in the elections, but who shou ld be supported, and that it is-time to say something if one or another of the men who subscribed the address should be propoted as a candidate four eleetion. The Persiiveranza represented this respect the general feeling* for, by one of those contradictions which are na turaÚenough ia the first step, while every one is full of .stir and bustle about the .elec- tion, most are anxious to avoid .creating parties. This is 'but tho -consecmence of inexperience, whioh will remedy itself when people understand that a frank .party struggle in the interior docs not prevent .unity in a generel Italian policy. The reminiscence of foreign domination isi too fresh yst, and the future too uncertain, not to make them wish to present the greatest possible.union before the_worhL- " . a- --nonnauo circnm-; stance that-there is a meeting to-night .of all the electoral' associations, to make up a eommon list of candidates for the next elections. All the ^associations call themselves liberal, which means .only heartily addicted to the present estate of things, all their programmas resemble each other, and none have, .properly apeaking, a definite ilist. The difficulty will be, howe . er, to carry out in practice this scheme of electing the councils ameng the great number of names which such a large number of committees will present. All one .can say at present is, that in all the com- munal and provincial elections the great national party will have an immense majority, and that the blacks"-that a's, those who wore in any way compromised with the Austrians, will be well nigh excluded all over the country. . The only exception in this respect will, perhaps, be in the provinces «of Bergamo and Brescia. In the former the priestly ' element is very strong and very reactionary, so that it will ahow its influence already in the -communal elections. In the province of Brescia the priestly element ia not quite so for- midable, but it has a strong ally in the reactionary landlords, and in tho division of the national party. This latter province, which in energy and vitality surpasses even Milan, has already found the means to mark the shades in the parties more distinctly than in any part of Lombardy. The communal administration in Brescia has been in the hands of the territorial aristocracy, and the opposition to it, as a body, by the industrial part of the com- munity datos from former times. This opposition shews itself now in practice, and will_ of course ; become even stronger during the political elec- 1 tiona. If, however, the national party is sure to have everywhere elso the upper hand it is by no means due to the present Ministry, but to the good spirit of the lower clergy and a part of the higher. The Ministry has committed several great faults iu this respect. By wishing to make itself popular it extonded the franchise to tho peasant farmers, who are entirely ia the hands of the clergy, and wishing to favour tke views of the liboral party in Piedmont, it excluded tbe priests from the franchiso while it admitted barbers and veterinary surgeons. Tho clergy in Lombardy felt very much hurt at this exclusion ; fortunately the majority of the lower clergy are heart and soul in tho movement, but they are not likely to remain so if this foolish policy is continued. While the government has thus done enough to alienate the lower clergy, who are well disposed, it did not dare to put in its proper place the higher clergy, who, as a body, are reactionary. The Treaty of Zurich maintains all laws in Lom- bardy which are not distictly abrogated. The consequence is that tho Austrian Concordat is still valid in Lombardy, and may do a good deal of mischief. If thia is the case it is only anothor of the many proofs of deference to France. Two facts will provo this. When, on tho 7t. of June, M'ilahon's corps made its entry into Milan the municipality and the clergy went oat to the Arco della Pace to meet it. MonBignore Caccia, as Archbishop of Milan, was there, in fnll. ponttficials, with cross and crosier, and the soldiers rushed out of the ranks to kiss bis hand, f and evea general officers did not neglect to go np and s'iiake hands with bim. This shews the spirit in thc French army towards the clergy, and we may jud^e what it must be in the people. j One of the first subj cuts which occured at the Zurich conference was a demand addressed by the French Plenipotentiary to that of Sardinia asking far an explanation about the driving out of the Jesuits from Milan, and insisting on their being recalled and their property givon back to them. The explanation givon by the municipality was that the Jesuits were threatened by a popular emente, and that the municipality took them under its protection. Finding their new position uncomfortable the Jesuits departed of their own free will. The municipality, finding an abandoned property, took possession of it for the Grown. The Jesuits have found it wise not to return, but th Treaty of Zurich gives to religious corpora- tions the right of selling their property. From '? this second fact you may see that the Gcvemment in France is aware of the influence of the clergy, and has taken it into account. In general politics the lull still continues, the \ two questions which take up the interest left by j the great topic Of the day, the elections, are the mission of Cavour to the Congress and the mar- riage of Garibaldi. On both these subjects'the opinions are * almost equally divided, each side stoutly adhering to its opinion. A few days ago it seemed as if the probability had been on the side of those who thought Cavour would go to the Congress, but- since then the equilibrium has beeon 're-established,-nay, at this moment, the probability is on the other side. On the part of those who are adherents of the Ministry it is insinuated that the opposition to his going to the Congress "comes from abroad ; while the adherents of Cavour, of whom he has many, in this pa.-t, say that this opposition from; abroad is only a feint of the Ministry. While it was uncertain what influ- ence the Ministry' could exercise in the political elections, it thought it better to seud away Cavour, but now that it has sounded the ground, and thinks-it solid -enough, it has its apprehensions of the -preponderance of the ex-Premier, and consequently , prefers sending . some . - one more under the. control of the .Cabinet tothe Congress. There is no doubt of one thing, -that every one wishes his \ going, as the only man capable of grasping with a difficulty. 