SOCIETY STRIKES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-This evils resulting from strikes are so contagious, that in any locality where they occur few escape their baneful and blighting influence ; the employer, the workman, and the trades in in supplying both all experience, more or loss, the ruin, poverty, and starvation consequent upon these desperate alternatives. If the results of strikes are so fatal to prosper i ty in localities, what would be the result of a device that would completely arrest the greater portion of the inland goods and passenger traffic of this colony? This may at first sight seem an idle question; but I will presently show very plainly that there is every probability of such an event occurring. The masons have proved what may be accomplished by a body of men combining firmly and acting in unity for a common purpose. There is another society in the colony which, '. with stealthy pace towards its design, moves like a ghost." But, although working silently at present, it is very industrious and very ambitious, and unless checked very shortly, will soon wield a rod of power over the engineer-itj.-cb.iof of Victorian Railways. I allude to the Fitters'' Society, It is well known that the locomotive superintendent of Victorian Railways has adopted a I scheme (of which the society is. the parent of j placing only fitters on the railway engines, bath at drivers and stokers and to make the plan comfortable, the stokers are actually paid more wages than when they worked at their trade in the shop \- When our railways are finished to Ballarat and Sandhurst, and the fitter drivers and stokers feel settled in their new employment, no doubt they, will discover, some grievance, either in the work or wages ; then will they come forth in their strength, and demand compliance with their requests, which,, however unreasonable, must be added, or the result will be a strike, the effect, of which may be more easily imagined. than described, for the stoppage will be most coat athlete, as all the men, drivers, stokers, and the litter in the shop, will act in concert, and the ''confusion, delay, and pecuniary loss to thousand) ills individuals must be very great, before a sufficent number of competent men could be ob -'timed to renew the tramp of the lines. It is to be hoped that the Commissioner this nd and Works will take warning in time, and p -of ent the possibility of his being placed in such d terms, which would be humiliating to our Wives and prejudicial to the interests of the colony in England. There are a great many competent locomotive ¡fn¡,mc-drivers in the colony, who have come here in hopes of succeeding in their own trade, but who are prevented by the Fitters'' Society wrote stating employed on our railways. \- Setting aside the evils that will assuredly aril J from; such, a. monopoly, the proper policy, would be to appoint men who by their testimonials on [Jrote that they are thoroughly competent to pay as the duties of the situation they apply for WARN Bit. ,' Melbourne, Nov. 23. J 