. .. .. QUEER CHRISTMASES.' ' ' Timothy Tomkinson is my name; a London tutor my' nature. My fellow-lodger is a fellow. ? bachelor. ? Having received no invitalious to dine out, we resolved to dine together last Christmas Day. Of course, we could not trouble our landlady, already in a perspiring agony about her own culi nary preparations for the regalement of her clan (converging, when -we left the house, from all the suburbs), to cook for us, and therefore repaired to a snug little hostelrie hard by. Joe, the sole waiter left in charge, was wandering like a ghost about the \- coffee-room when we went in. Heseemed a phantom attending on still more ghostly, even invisible, guests ; for no body, at all events, tenanted a single .box. No incarnate customer either had been there, evidently, the live long day; for not a stain of stout or splash of grease defiled the snowy purity of the . crumblsss tablecloths, the salt- cellars and cruet stands were all exactly where they had first been placed, the knives and forkB and spoons lay parallel with geometric rigour — having never met, how long soever produced. Joe's first greeting was a scowl. We destroyed by our presence the good ground for grumbling that he had previously had against his master ( himself merry making in the country) for not giving him a holiday — his proof of the folly, on such a day, of not confining the house's accommodation to the bar, behind which — the ringlelted rightful dram dispenser having got her holiday — an extemporised Hebe of mature years (nome poor cousin of Boni face's, probably.) presided, very proud of the possession of the keys, but sadly perplexed with the counting of the coppers. Joe's second glance was one of sympathy. He regarded us as men and brothers, driven by a ma lignant fate to dine, as he to drudge, at an inn on Christmas Day. He turned up the gas from its spectral blue beads into two flaming jets of gold, drew the cosy red curtains to shut out the sight of the miry, misty street, with its mud-splashed vehi cles and sparse, moist, miserable foot- passengers, poked the fire with a rollicking rattle of the imple ment between the bars, piled fresh coal — 'luxuriating in the thought that his master had to pay fiveami twenty shillings a ton for his Wallsend — half way up the chimney, as if he wished to invite Mr. Braid wojd to join pur party (I wonder, by the way, whether he is ever able to accept a veritable invita tion to Christmas or to any other dinners, or does ha always lie in wait for fires in his dark den in Wat ling-street, like a swift spider on the look-out for flies?), and then, wheeling a table and setting chairs in the very front of the roaring blaze, and making its a compact little private apartment with a screen of ruddy baize, Joe whisked us with his napkin to our places, gave us the compliments of the season in a Mark Tapley voice sturdily determined to be jolly, and obsequiously inquired our orders. We commanded the best that the carte contained —were able, of course, to get the prime cuts of the poultry and the joints, and the pick of the puddings and the pastry, and — lubricated with a bottle or two of the house's famous ' rare old crusted port' — Not of that Joe sets before chance-comers, But such whose father-grape grew fat 'Neatli Lusltanlan summers — A very comfortable repast did we two bachelors manage to accomplish, and when, after dinner, we sai witn our ieei upon tne render, sipping our ?teaming punch, and puffing away in the most free and easy style at our Manilas ('No smoking allowed in the coffee room' benignant Joe, in con sideration of the circumstances, permitted us to scoff at as sin absurd and obsolete enactment— even to the length of reversing its provisions by , the ob literation with coal-tar of the prohibitory negative), — no.more we felt inclined to envy the glee of the family circles from which we had been churlishly excluded, but were rather disposed to chant with. our ecclesiastical confreres of the olden time — Shuts perennes ccclibes I The peculiar circumstances under which we had met naturally turned the conversation to the abnor mal manner in which we had formerly spent the festivul. As it happened, we were rather rich in such ex. periencea. Suppose I make a selection from our narratives, and let each man once more relate the queerest of his ' Queer Christmases.' I. — THE BAGMAN AND THE BRANDY-BOTTLE. ' Once upon a time,' said Fred Hall, a portly, jovial commercial traveller who had often expressed a, wish. to. present me with some professional token of friendship, but has as often excused himself from doing so on the ground that he now represents a house which deals'in nothing smaller than sheet anchors, which I could not very well hang, as charms, to my watchchain— ' once upon a time I was travelling for Gherkin and Gooseberry, of Finsbury' Pavement, in the Italian line. Essex and Suffolk, and Norfolk up to Norwich and Yarmouth, was my drive. We did : drive then— not cut about in those confounded railway carriages. They 've taken all the pleusure out of tha profession, and a good bit of the profit, too.for. tradesmen nnw.a-days are always. running up to Town to give their orders there ; besides, we were thought more of when we kept our own trapa, instead of lumbering up to the inn from the station in a ramshackle old railway ^bus full of mouldy straw and mangy cushions — and nothing else but yourself and your s&mplea; — I've been in some score or two of country 'buses, as you may suppose, and yet I can't remember ever having a fellow-passenger — the nasty, dark, slow old things, always make me think of hearses — I feel ns if I was going to be buried alive when I'm inside one of, 'em. As I. was saying, we -were .thought real swells before the railways came in— drove better bits of real blood than any of the country gentlemen about — and it was thought quite an honour to be admitted to our room. The commercial dinner ut the Red Xion, in Colchester, wnen i went mat round, was a far more stylish affair than the bar mess at the Chclmsford Saracen's Head — and you heard a deal more genuine wit at it, I may add — lawyers' fun is always so awfully shoppy. Well, at the Red Lion I found myself one ChristmaR Eve in the year eighteen hundred and — I forgot exactly what, but I'd a figure to be proud ofthem — for the matter of that, perhaps, I heavn't ?o much reason to complain now, but it is a different style of beauty, you perceive, more of the Farnese Herculese than the Apollo Belvidere; I think some how that what a fellow sells lias an effect upon his figure — I'm in the largest of 'ways now as to my wares, and so I am as to my' waist — and it's a re markable fact that I began to get fat as soon as I left off pickles. A nice lot of 'em I'd sold the week before, and in a very good temper with myself I sat before the Commercial room fire, taking an extra glass or two of brandy and water, in honour of the season, and counting my commission. I wasn't going to bed, a3 1 meant to run up by one of the night coaches and have my Christmas dinner, according to custom, with old Gherkin. A glorious feed the old fellow always gave you. I never before or since ate such cod as you got there — white as. snow, and it melted in your mouth as instantly — that's poetry, you know. But I'd fish, besides that to fry. July Gherkin had taken a fancy to me, and as I'd got a little bit of money of my own, and was a pushing business fel low just after his own heart, the old man didn't say nay (though his partner did want to have her), and it was arranged that I should take a good grocery and tea-dealing concern that I'd heard of at Rom ford, at Ladv-dav. and take m vladv to it three months afterwards. She wasn't to have much down, but Gherkin couldn't last long, and was sure to cut up well; so everybody congratulated me on my luck. Besides, she was a real beauty, and I was over head and ears in love with her. Ah well ! it was fated, I1 suppose. At all events, you shall hear how I lost both my dinner and my darling. I had the room all to myself, for, being Christ mas time, there were very few of our fellows there, and those that were had gone to bed. The waiter that was sitting up for the coach brought me a scuttleful of coals at twelve, and a bottle of brandy, and then went to take a snooze in the kitchen. Brandy and water somehow slips down your throat without your knowing it, when you are drinking by yourself; and before one I had finished about three parts of the bottle, and began to feel rather queer. You must Tcmember that I'd had a lot before. ' Not a drop more will I drink,' I said to myselt, poured the rest into the empty water-jug, and fell asleep, I was woke for the coach at two by the waiter, who had been asleep as well, and was yawn ing like a hungry shark. I had almost let the fire out, and what with cold, and what with the grog, I shook so when the man brought me my top-coat that, try as he might, he couldn't get it on. ' Better take a drain more sperrit, sir,' he suggested with a sleepy grin. I tilted the bottle, knocking the neck against the glass until they tinkled like a pair of; castanets — of course, it was empty. As ill luck would have it, I remembered the jug, and drank off the raw brandy at a draught. That settled me. I was muggy enough before, but now I was mad. The Red Lion is an old-fashioned place, built on both sides of a long yard; with one pair of great gates opening on the High Street and another on a back lane. In this lane, just as I got out, the abominable ?waits struck up, and nothing would make me believe that the French horn wasn't the guards's. So leaving the coach, which yet, in a misty sort of way, I remember to have seen standing in the street, with the horses already in, and the helpers in readiness to pull off the cloths, and the lamps sending a blurred glare through the fog, heedless of the entreaties of' the waiter and the Boots, whom I threatened to knock down for attempting to hinder me from going to Town, I rushed to the lower gates, and kicked against them so lustily that, to prevent me, I sup ? pose, from waking everybody in the inn, at last they were opened, and I floundered through a slushy gutter right into the middle of the band. The coachman, meanwhile, had driven off, tired of waiting. Beyond thumping away at a big drum, and afterwards on the head of a fussy little man, whom, oddly enough, I imagined to be Gooseberry trying to take July from me, I re member nothing more until I woke up in a cell in the lockup at the back of the Colchester Moot Hall — they've got a fine Town Hall now with a Latin inscription and pilasters and what not, but the old Moot Hall was standing at the time I'm speaking of, with a lean-forward gable stem on to the street, for all the world like Noah's Aik too much down by the head. Oh, how miserable I felt, when I heard the merry Christmas bells outside! I ought to have been shaved and dressed, just on the start for Gherkin's pretty place at Wanstead— I always ; went down early to go to church with July — and here I was, as dirty as pig, with the clothes torn half off my back, and a black eye, in custody, no doubt, fora drunken row. Oh, how my head ached. A great dull lump, of pain lay like a bar of lead upon the top, and sharp pangs kept shooting into my forehead and behind my ears as if a score of Jaels were at work upon me. My tongue seemed too large i or ray mourn, ana as not ana as lougn aim as nasty as a bit of burnt leather. The skin was rubbed off the knuckles of my grimy hands. I had' a great blue and green bruise upon my left leg, which was so sore that I tumbled back when I attempted to rise from thq hard floor, on which I had been catching the rheumatism, which now gnawed every bone in my body with its crust teeth — one moment key -cold, and red-hot the next. Just wasn't. that a Merry Christmas? Presently a face peeped through the grated pigeon-hole in my cell-door, and then I heard somebody say, ' He's awake now, sir 1' The door was unlocked, and the landlord of the Red Lion came in. He was a jolly little red-faced man who was for ever lounging under his gateway in top boots and a long great coat, and with a riding whip in his hand. We used to call him ' the postboy come int6 his property,' he had so exaotly the look of a retired postillion. He puckered up his lips when he saw me looking so wretched, and tried to keep from laughing, but it was more than, .he .could., do. I could have slain the comfortable little rascal for being so clean and being able to laugh, whilst I lay there in filth and pain, if I could have got at him. However, it was neither his interest nor his wish (for he ..was very fond, independently of his bu siness, of us commercials) to offend me; bo he soon bottled up his mirth, though he couldn't prevent it from fizzing up every now and then, like broached pale ale, when you stuff the cork in again. 'Why, Hall,' he says at last, ' how could you be such a a fool as to go and assault the Mayor?'— 'II Mayor !' says I.—' Why, don't you knowit »' says he. 'I didn't think you were as bad as that. I'll turn, those fellows off for letting you go out.' And then I learnt how, having captured the big drum, I had rushed through the town, hotly pursued by its owner and his brother minstrels, heating all the time a tattoo which impressed the terrifierl inha bitants with the notion 'hat the French had suddenly landed — how window after window was thrown up, and face after face, paler than itB night-cap, thence protruded, as T dashed by — how I had come to a halt before the Mayor's door, and felled the musi cians.with my drum-sticks when they attempted to recover their property and stop my din — how I had inflicted a like indignity upon his Worship, when, in shirt and breeches only, he hastily descended to interpose his awful presence — and how, after a desperate resistance, I had been, at last, secured and given in chaTge for a series of aggravated assaults. I need not trouble myself much about the musi cians, my informant added ; he had seen them, and they had promised not to appear against me if I would give them a handsome Christmas-box byway of hush-money, and pay them for their broken in atruments — no joke that, however, for I had banged in both sides of the drum, smashed a couple of fiddles, and battered and twisted the brass things into all kinds of comical shapes. But the Mayor was implacable — had refused my .good little land lord's bail — any bail, in fact — and so, as the magis- . trates did'nt sit till the next morning, I had to spend my Christmas day in quod. I was allowed to have a barber, and borrowed a clean shirt and some clothes from the inn — my port manteau had gone on by the coach — hut they were all odd, and all too small for me. A precious guy I looked with my black eye, and my coat-sleeves only half way down my arms, and the back as tight as a drum. They sent me round a nice little dinner, too, from the inn, and the chief constable let me sit by the fire in his room, but I couldn't peck — I was too sick, and sore, and sad — and I'd rather have been by myself, for I did feel such an out and out fool when any of the constable chaps that took me came in. Of course, they grinned pretty considerably — nobody could help it at the sight of my queer tog gery and swollen, sorrowful mug. A fellow with a black eye and in other people's clothes, doing the penitent the day after, is about as ridiculous a thing as I know of, I must confess. Next morning I was brought before the Bench. The Court was crowded, and you may be sure our fellows from the inn were there — ready to burst, confound them ! It was years before I heard the last of their chaff. The little Mayor was as savage as ever — set up his feathers and gobbled away like a turkey-cock. The magistrates,- of course, were determined to make an example of me for daring to lay 'my hand on one of their order, and wanted at first to send me to jail. However, they consented only to fine me at last; but they read me a lecture —just as if I had been a naughty little boy— for a good half-bour. I could have throttled the solemn old muffs. It riled me so to be rated like that, with our chaps and a lot of gaping yokels listening— mid to know that I deserved it ! That wasn't all. When I got back to the inn, I was obliged to go to bed, and was laid up for I don't know how long with rheumatic fever. A nice hotel bill and doctor's bill I had to pay ! And when I got about again, I found that I had loBt my berth, and that that sneak of a Gooseberry had married July. Moral, my boy. Never drink brandy. I've never touched it since that night — save now and then, just for once in a way, a mere dash of it in punch, as now. It's bad enough to abuse good wine. Still there's something generous in wine — though you do abuse it, it tries to keep a little bit of the gentleman in vou. But brandy makes -you a beast and a blackguard.' II. — THE STUDENT AND THE STAKE. When Timothy, the son of Tomkin, took tip his parable, he said : — ' I wa3 intended for the Church , as the phrase is, you know. That is why the paternal Tomkinson, or rather my godfathers and my godmothers in my baptism, gave me the pious hut not very pretty presnomen that I bear. In due time — the Universities being too expensive for my means — 1 was despatched to the Cumberland college of St. Drones. A funny place is the college of St. Drones — a famous place for the study of character. You meet there, I think, about as odd a variety of men as you could find the wide world over. Plucked Oxford and Cambridge rakes; junior freshmen from Trinity College Dublin, with the richest of brogues and hot eagerness for orders, every one of whom expects, as soon as he is ordained, to make the eloquence-loving but -lacking English admit that they have thrown away their admiration on such comparatively poor specimens of Hibernian ? rhetoric as Dr. M'Neill and Mr. Maguire; turn coat disgusting ministers, striving to hide their ante cedents by the profession and practice of the most exalted -high church principles (it is a feast fora cynic to hear these gentlemen talk about their 'views'); doctors, unsuccessful in their attempted cure of bodies, determined henceforth to devote their .energies to the, of course, far easier cure of souls ; officers military and naval anxious speedily to change their red and blue cloth for black, because family-livings are about to fall vacant ; retired tea dealers whose wives think it would be ' genteel' to have clergymen for spouseB; wild Welshmen who come up in corduroys and cravats oi red bandanna ; sturdy Cumbrians — always answering to the name of Graham or else something that ends in thwaite— who look on all non- native students as interlopers and mingle a most kingly scorn with their dislika for southerners — in their eyes, mere Mips Nancys : these arc only a few .of the many odd people who at temptedtd enterthechurch, through what hasbeen top opprobriously called its ' back door,' St. Drones, by means. of a little Tomtine, Greets Testament, and Grotius. Of course, there are many excellent men amongst the sucking evangelists of St. Drones, but its prominent type is the eccentric. Well, after my second term, I determined not to go down for Christmas, having the promise of some . pupils at Whitehaven with whom I could employ my leisure more advantageously than in merry making. I.refained my rooms in. the village, and used to go over to the town by train iu the morning andretura in the evening.unembarrassednow with the cap and gown, without which, during term-time, we were never permitted to stir outside ourdoors. The colliers of Whitehaven — black-visaged, red-eyed, white-teethed, Davy- swinging, clog-clattering bar barians — being very fond of poking their coarse fun, not always confined to words, at the ' mortar- board,' and ' petticoats,' I was not sorry to be rid of those appendages ; but, as you shall hear, it would have been well for me, if I had con tinned to wear them. Of course, I took holiday on Christmas Day, at tended service at C:.ti fine old cruciform church (half of which forms the college) in the morning, and spent the afternoon over a cigar or two, and that rich treat when you feel both literary and lazy, a few old vo lumes of Blackwood. I meant to dine at six. My landlady, with whom I was a bit of a favourite, had made me a funny little plum-pudding, about the size of a cricket-ball, and four mince- pies from her own mince-meat, had bought me a duck as fat as herself, and had been over to Whitehavsn the day before to get me some tump-steak and oysters — St. Drones does'nt own a local fishmonger or butcher. On the strength of my, pupils I hid ventured to lay in a little prime old Port, with an aroma like that of a posie of spice-Bowers, real liquid amethyst in hue, and clinging coyly to the glass as if reluctant to let you taste its nectarian richness. Sooth to say, I ra ther anticipated mydinner, ? At five— first opening the window to let the to. bacco smoke out, and pitching about fcalf-a-huodred weight of coal upon the fire (coal is cheap in Cum berland,) that I might have a roaring welcome on my return — I put on a rough overcoat, and sallied forth to sharpen my appetite up to keen enjoyment pitch by an hour's walk in the fresh, frosty air. I turned my steps towards the beach — St. Drones has a glorious sweep of sands. The moon was high in the cloudless heaven— original piece of descrip tion that. The stars twinkled as if they wanted to keep themselves warm by active exercise. §now clad behind me shimmered the sublime chaos of the Cumbrian hills: noblest of all, kingly Sea Fell. The moonlight slept lovingly upon the whitened roof of the old church — there is a past look about moonlight (to ine it always seems an anachronism that it is shining now — nonsense, no doubt, but I dont know ho* better to express my feeling) that makes it the fittest of haloes for the Hoary. In the almost breathless calm that reigned around, the huge ashlar stones at the angles of the ancient houses that I passed— only strong enough, however, to resist the wild nest wind that often rushes in across the sea— seemed most superfluous defences. In a farm yard, beside a brown frozen pond, glint ing back the moonbeams like silver arrows glancing shivered from shield of burnished bronze, stood a steaming and meditative cow, still as a statue — I wondered what could be her philosophic dreams. Dream-like was everything I saw — the bright, silent, shrouded fields, St. Drones Head with its Carthu3ian cowl of snow and the even whiter sea bird gliding athwart its frowning brow, the silvery waves breaking softly with golden spangles on the moist glittering Bhore, — and far away in the horizon the ghostly Isle of Man. In summer-time it rests like a blue clond upon the sea. Snow-covered now, it had the loneliest look of all things that I ever beheld. Its eastern half is in the parish of St. Drones. Do 5011 know the legend that accounts for this inclusion ? Long ago, when Sancta Apis was at the head of the nunnery, which has developed or degenerated into the college of St. Drones, she found that her house's lands were insufficient to support her sisterhood. Ou the last day of April she went to the Earl who owned the country for many a mile around, and prayed him of his charity to grant her more, Scofnngly he answered that she might have as much of Ms domain as she should see upon the morrow covered with snow. All night long the holy sisters prayrf, and when May Day pawned, far as the eye could reach the land was White with snow instead of hawthorn. Hence it is that the parish of St. Drones isthe largest in all England, and includes the eastern section of the Isle of Man. But this has nothing to do with my queer Christ mas. I was standing on the Head, looking out upon the sea, when, dark upon its dazzling shim mer, I made out some object. I screened my eyes, and saw an anchored sloop, with a puffy ball of semi-folded jib, like a big mushroom, at its bows, and boats putting off from and waiting at its side. Chancing to turn my eyes that way, I saw upon the strand sundry figures and two carts. Strangely enough, I; never thought of smugglers, but strolled quietly down to the beach to discover what had occasioned such an unusual congress on it. When witbin about a hundred yards of the little throng, I was perceived, and & rush was instantly made at me. In vair) I protested that I was only a student of the college — the absence of my cap and gown destroyed my credit with the excited local boors, who knew that we were compelled to wear them daring terra time, and were too thick-headed to understand that we might doff them in the holidays ; and, besides, I bore a suspicious resemblance to a recent addition to the Whitehaven Custom House, an officer known, from his new-broom vigilance, as ' Gimblet-eye' and ' The Weasel.1 In fine, I had come upon a party running a cargo in the orthodox romantic way by moonlight, in reliance on the relaxed official watchfulness that Christinas is apt to engender. I was taken for a spy, and after a brief and quite fruitless expostulation was knocked down, pinioned, fet tered, gagged, aud blind - folded. For an hour or two, I heard drunken voices, the splashing Of ' oars, and the grinding of cart wheels on the sand, — and then nothing but the musical murmur of the sea, and rarely a faint sough of wind as if the night were sighing in its sleep. The landing. had been effected, and the smugglers,, marine and terrestrial, gone. I have called the, sea's murmur musical, but I didn't think it so 1 whtn( on attempting to roll myself landwards, I found that I was securely fastened — perhaps, within high water mark. Nearer and nearer came the murderous splash — I doubled myself up like a leaping salmon, and strove by sudden springs to burst .ray bon-J9. In vain. Marrow. chilingly cold though the air. was, the sweat stood in thick, drops upon my brow. When I felt a shower of spray there, I gave one. wild yell, and then I remember no more. I came to myself, a month afterwards, iu bed, with my head shaved, and wasted to a shadow. I had been found on the following morning, tethered to an oar driven de?p into the sand, just above high-water mark. That brain fever to shattered me that I was obliged to ? scratch1 myself even for the easy curri culum of St. Drones, and now, instead of being Archbishop of Canterbury, I'm teaching little boys Delectus.' We were in the midst of ourstoiies when Joe, who had relapsed into misanthropy, informed us ab. ruptly that the clock was on the stroke of eleven, and that consequently he must shut up the house. As he said it, the chimes began— I love those silvery voices, cheerful as the first Chtistmas angels, burst ing out, never wearied, over the murky, miserable city. The munificent nature of our 'remembrances' resuscitated the sulky servitor's good-temper, and made him apparently rather rejoice at than regret h.s own Queer Christmas. 