^itkiixp frnur ^asrjr. ACTIOS OF DAMAGES J ENGLAND V. CHINA. The estimate of the sum we shall have to pay towards defraying the expenses of the Chinese war amounts to £3,600,000. That is all the damage that; has yet been done by oar naval and military operations in China. It is much to be feared that all the future damage which may be caused by those proceedings i will affect only ourselves. We may pursue the i Chinese; but are too likely to catch only the Tartar portion of the population* A NEW SONG TO THE OLDEST TUNE AS IS. (See Mr. Chappell's History of Early English Music.) Summer is yeomen in— Rather late, it's true— Groweth grain, and ceaseth rain, And gloweth toilet new. Salad groweth for cold lamb; Volunteers are not wet through. Flannel droppeth, great-coat stoppeth, And goloshes too. Months two overdue, Tie summer's here 1 THE BOURBON S BLUSH. The ooys of Palermo are naturally amusing them* selves by disfiguring and demolishing the statues of the Bourbon kings. According to the special corre spondent of the Times— "One, bolder than the others, climbed up with a pro vision of charcoal and blackened the faces, exciting no small hilarity among the idlers and promenaders " This was a satirical young wag. Iu giving the marble visiges of the Bourbons the semhlauce of ebony, he evidently meant to signify the peijury hy which tho?e tyrants have rendered themselves in famous in b:eaking faith with tlieir subjects, and t> express their characteristic readiness-iu taking an oath, for instance, to maintain a constitution—to swear till they are black in the face. A FABLE FOR SMALL GERMANS. My lit-tle dears, there was once a French Wolf—very grey, and gree-dy, and lean, and sly. Near the wood in wh'ch he lived grazed a large flock of sheep, in the charge of a great many email cogs, who were al-ways smirl-ing. and bit- ing, arid quar-rel-ling a-moug them selves. The old Wo.f knew that he was more than a match for any ot the dogs sin-glv, bat he was a-fraid if he ven-tur-ed to at-tack one of them, the others might for-get tlieir soarl-ing to join in a league of de-fence a gainstiiitn. There was one large dog in par-ti-cu-lar, called M Prince," who had long warned the rest of the ! pack of the com -mon dac-gcr of all from the old Wolf, ! and had done his best to make them a-gree fcet-ter; 1 '• for so sure,*'said he, ** as the old Wo f suc-ceeds in keep-lug us at log-ger-heads, he will take us, one bv ne, with-out dif-S-cul-ty, aud when he has ea* en us p, Irs will have his own way with the sheep:" But they would not mind his words, and some of them growl-ed at him. ani said he was a trai-tor, and on-Iy waut-ed to get the sheep to him-self, and that the Wolf was an> hon est beast, aud loved the small- dags, aud wousd do the sheep no harm. The Wolf, knowing if he could only suc-cecd in gain4r»g over the big dog Prince he might eas-i-ly m*s-ter the small curs one by one, was al-ways very po-lite to Prince, and used to send him ci-vil messages, in* vi* ting him to take coun-cil with lum, for the ben-e fit of the otlier dogs, and the sheep. For s long time' the big dog oa*-ly growbed and trot-ted the other way when c ver he saw the Wolf ma-king to-wards him But at last, find-ing the Wo?t would take no de-ni-al of his in-vi-ta-tibns, he sent him a let-ter, prs-mi-sing to meet him. The Wolf was de-Ifcbt-ed, and said to his cubs, • *' Now I have the big dog at last.*" And off he trot-ted ; to the place of meet-ing. It was a tliiok wood on a hill, with an old cas-tle bul.t at the top. The big dog was at the gate of the cas-tte, and when the Wolt came-up, . with a grin that show-ed his lougv sharp teeth, he said —" Walk in, my dear Wo f; I am so glad to see you " Then the Wolf put his paw on his heart, and said; " Dear Prince, I have been waiting so long for this h&p-py; rneet-ing. I do feci so fond of all you dogs, aud the dear sheep you watolrso well, yoa' cau't think. F have a plan, by which the small doge will be a*ble to do* their work, so plea santly and eas- i-ly. 'What a shame it is, that the poor lit-tle blasts should be so hard work-3d, and kept out in all wea-thers-, gnard-ing their slrep from the wick- edi wolves that sur-round them. Now, you arc a great dog, and vc-ry str.ng. Sup-pose you-took the work of the small dogs off their hauds, aud kept a i the tdwep yourself. They might sleep in the sou, and you and I would take care they had plen-tyof nice bones and paunches; and-mean-while we would guard the sheep to-ge-ther.V Then, the big dog laugh-edand saidi 4t A nice plan, in-deed! How very kind you are! Here are all the small dogs just in-side the gate. Per-haps you will be kind e-aough to tell them the-nioe lit-tle plau you have just told mc, and seo how they will like it."' Then the Wolf be-gan to feel very swk-ward and ira»-oom-fort-i bie. and felt that the big dog.had led him into a trap; and he eurl-ed up his mouth- in-to what he meant for a ve-ry street smile, and said,. ** No, thank you* dear Prince-. 1 think I will nor. say any-thing to t>-em to- day. 1; have not got my speeeh quite rea-dy." Tbeu all the small dogs, who had heard all from in-side- the old cas-tie, be-gan to yelp- and to laugh, and to wag their tails,.and to set up a cry of " How vc-ry kind you are, dfear Wolf, to think of to-king. the charge of our sheep off our hands !"* So the Wol£ see-ing his plot was de-tect-ed'y sneak-ed off with his tail be- tween bis legs, and from that time the small dogs knew that Prince was their true friend, and were-jealous of biro no lor»g-er* and made up their own quar- rels, an-J the Wolf w-*s fain to keep-his de signs a-gainst the sheep in the dark, till lie couldfirda bec-ter time Or put-ting them; in ex-e-cu-tion. HG^T TO VAins A SBLENDrD INCOME. Thauks to Mr. Justice V^illes, this process is now easy to anybody who can raise the preliminary £5. The jouin.-Us-say— 44 It lias been laid dow\i by Mr. Jostlca Wilier that a bauker is bound to pay on the production efTthe half of a cut note, even withontsurindemuity " Therefore, all one lias to-do is to get a £5 note, and cut it m. halves. Present- one half, arid, under the authority of Mr. Justice Willed, demand the money. Do the-sarae-with the other b&lf..; Turn each. £5 into a note, and cut each note, and repeat the presenting pro cess. So go on until the banks close. An industrious young: man with £5 and a pair of sensors may now render himself independent in the course of a week. Thanks, Mr. Justice Willea. A SERVANT ON SPIRITBAXISSfi.. It is for una'e that rapptug spirits, which seem very tricksy beings, do Tiot seem to he able to move street knookera. Otherwise we should coiitiaually be going to answer a rap at the-door, aud coming- back, saying "Please'm only a ghost." DONNYBROOK IN THE PAPAL. STATES. Some of the Irish papers state that Dr. Cullen has thought it necessary to endeavonr to stay the rather overflowing tide of emigration to l ome. This is not unlikely. Cullen is probably well euough acquainted with h's countrymen to perceive that his master the : Pope may find too much of an Isritdx contingent too much of a good thing. Pugnacity is well known to be a very prominent feature of the Hibernian character; and if Lamoricicro cannot immediately find his Emerald Islanders a foe, they may take it into their heads to choose s.-ntagoni*ts for themselves. Gene rosity, however capable of peiver.-ion, being another of Paddy's principal qualities, it. may happen that when the Irish auxiliaries of His Holiness discover that they have- been humbugged by their priests, and crimped by those fraudulent ecclesiastics for the sup port of a shameful despo'ism, the- enemy whom they will select will not be United Daly. It may, indeed, be expected that the slo^a-i of "-Erin-go-Thach!" will ultimately be raised under the banner o: Garibaldi. THE UMBRELLA RIFLE. Mr. Punch begs to ca 1 the attention of volunteers in general to his newly- invented weapon, the Umbrella Kifte, which lias been introduced by him expressly to meet the requirements of t ie present rainy season. I With that modesty which ever is attendant on true genius, Mr. Punch will fmnkly own that his invention | was suggested by a well-known apparatus, which com bines those useful implements, the parasol and whip. By cleverly adapting th;s ingenious idea, Mr. fiwioh has introduced an instrument for rifleniei which will , prove at once protective and destructive, and will shield them from a soaking, -while it provides them with V-e means of opening a hot file. The umbrella being fixed near to the muzzle of tlie rifle, the ribs, when not distended, will lie fiat along the barrel, and will be covered iu fine weather with the usual oilskin case. .No impediment will thus occur in taking aim, nor will the handliug of the rifie in tie least bo inter fered with. As soon, however, as a shower comes (as on marching or parade days it is almost sure to do), the order can be given to 44 uncover umbrellas," aud the men may stand at ease, and defy the threatened ! ducking. ^ Mr. Punch need not dilate on the benefits and co nforts his invention wilt confer on volunteers who wisely use it; but as economy is (said to be) the order of the day. ho may just po'nt out bow vastly bis new instrument will help towards it. It has been calculated by a most emtuent military mathematicaii, that every time a rifleman gets soaked through to the skin (which happens on an average three times out of feu- that he | ventures on parade) five shilling** worth of injury is i done to a new uniform, and as much ss three aud six pence worth of damage an old one. Whenever be gits " washed, just washed in a shower," not less than one and nlncpeuce worth of gloss is wetted of? him— while, since it is proverbial that ** London rain Leaves a stain " &s; few as half-a-dozen d ops ct it will take out of him at least a shilling's worth of shine. I When to this account is added «he saving of expense i in c»bbiiu home from wet parade), and of doctors' bills I for curiug cramps and coughs and colds, and the hundred ! other ills that humid flesh is heir to, Mr. Punch feels j proudly sure that h:s Umbrell i Rifle will prove to be the ! cheapest and uiost comfortable weapon that has been ! introduced to the nation, and no volunteer's equipment ; will be thought complete without it. ! A drawing showing the invention as it appears in use will be shown for a few days in the window of the AtncA Office, when, as well as afterward, copies may be had, price 3d. at the counter, or 4d. if impressed with the Governmental stamp. N.B.—Msckintoshed Percussion-caps for the Wim bledon meeting should be immediately applied fo'. Also ask f »r Mr. Punch's Impervious Short-Pipe Covers and Waterproof Cigars, which have been expressly manufactured for bad weather, and are essential to damp riflemen when41 marching easy" in the wet. THE PRACTICAL HOUSEWIFE. " Sir," raid, speaking of his wife, the husband of a lady whose mind was exclusively devoted to domestic affairs—" Sir, she would have made a dumpling ol the apple which revealed the law of gravitation to Newton." SUPERFLUOUS. The Emperor is said to be about to establish a Na tional E'ifl * Association. Considering tha case of Nice slid Savoy, the empire itself seeins something like a National Rifle Association already—composed of Louis Napoleon, Cavour, & Company. CAN TOADS LIVE WITHOUT AIR? This problem is now occupying the scientific. Sir. Punch contributes his share of observation by remark ing that a party of officials, "highly placed at the Tulleries," travelled by rail last week from Boulogne to Parts, smoked, and kept the windows shut the whole way; Whence it is clear that, whether toads can or cannot live without air, those who eat tham can. THE SHEPHERD OF THE TUILRUIES. At the annual letting of the celebrated ram-* so eu phoniously named Babntkam, it was stated that the Emperor Napoleon had taken lots of these animals at 150 and 130 guineas each. These are high prices; hut Louis Napoleon will find Habraham rams a gn at deal cheaper and more profitable also than the steam rams whicii he has purchased at so great a cost to de stroy the navy of Austria or some other great maritime nation. PARADOXES AND PUZZLES. An advertisement offers those whom it may concern "Comfort and the liydrosfctiie Paradox." Have you ar.y idea, old ladies, of what the Hydrostatic Paradox, with *>lrch comfort is thus associated, can possibly be ? The Hydrostatic Paradox, ladies, is a coffee-pot What hard names it is now the fashion to give to cammon things—is iu not? If a coffee-pot is styled the Hydrostatic Paradox—what next? "We shall pro bably have & roasting-jack denominated the Differen tial Calculus. AGREEABLE TAXATION. The expenses of the Chinese war fare to be met by an augmented spirit-duty. Ah I ^ this is as it should, be. After plunging the nation in despondency by in creasing the Income-tax. the Chancellor of the Ex chequer exercises a kind discretion in raising our spirits. .A CRAMMER. A candidate for a Government situation being asked wliat a writ iu error was, replied, ** Manuscript, and me of bad spelling," 