l-rOIIT TIETWEKIC JEM fttACE OF or iiiiiwiivoiiAW, ton £4oo. -*rom JJell'a lAfe m London, 23rd Sentember.1 Tho second match between theso men, which has been on tho tai-is for the last six months, commenced on Wednesday, under anything but favourable auspices, tho weather having onco more taken a wayward fit, and the ' blues ' in tho different localities selected for tho battle proving the roverso of accommodating to the ex pectant throng. In addition to these drawback*, we re grot to have to stato that tho attendance of ' tho ' school par excellence was more numerous than wo re motnbor for many years at a first-cluss mill, and tho upper ten thousand being also in full force, tho )i»ht lingorea gentry lound the temptation to increaso their storo too strong to bo overcome, and not only carried on their depredations at tho railway station with most un blushing effrontery, but in several instances, resorted to violenco to obtain their ends. Tickets wore no sooner purchased than they were snatched from tho hands of their owners by thoso wishing a free passage ; pockets wore sounded ; watches, purses, everything was swept off without a chance of recovery, and any one daring to complain ran a serious risk of getting ' ono for his nob' to complete his discomfiture. Much of this might havo been avoided by a little management on the part of tho railway officials, who kopt the doors closed until so lato that tho general rush for tickets .creatod the endless con fusion which led to these results. Ttur.'mg that on luture occasions tho old proverb relative to experience may opportunely occur to thoso intcrosted in these ex peditions, wo take our loivo of this unpleasant subject, and pass on to matters of more general interest. It is doubtless well-known to all our readi-rs who tako tho slightest interest in pugilistic matters, thnt Mace ond Brottlo met inhattle array exactly two years ago, on tho 21st of September, 1858, on the 'banks of tho Medway, on which occasion Maco covered himself with anything but renown, by oryiiig 'ago' ut tho end of the second round, and third minuto of the biutlo, with out so much as a mark to prove he had been in tho ward. We had on that occasion to denoucca him as one of the most unmitigated poltroons that ever en tered a ring, and, knowing how ho had deceived his backer!) on two former occasions whou matched with Madden, we prophesied that he would never again find any one sufficiently bold to find tho wherewithal to enablo him to try his fortuno'.in the P.R. Ir. this wo proved ourselves a false prophet, seeing that in January of tho following year his late opponent, Brattle, kindly taking compassion on him when down on bis luck, offored him a temporary home, nnd raatchod him against Posh Prico of Birmingham, who boing somowiiat stale, and not particularly clover, had to succumb, In eleven rounds and sovonteen minutes, beforo tho effective/ two-haoded milling and activity of the Norwich hero. Upon this victory Jem traded for some time, and was enablod to show his fuco with a little more comfort and a little less ahamo In his native city, whero ho onco more succeeded in gotting into a business, of which ho had boon deprived in consequenco of his affair with Brettlo. Towards tho end of 1859 Hob Travers took it into his head that possibly with his shifty tactics he might get ' on ' to Muster Jem with sufficient effect to induce him to ' mako tracks ' as quickly as bo did bo foro tho bold Brummagem Pet, and the Norwich man being nothing loth, (.!:ty met JW '?''' «?«-'«; CU t!i? '!}--', ot February last, when, after fighting ~,fx rounds in f .twenly-ono minutes, tho crushers made their appearance, »nd an adjournment took place to the Voilewin dav, when fifty-seven moro rounds wero contested, in niiiety.one minutes, oil in favour of Maco ; and Trovers finally, after dropping continuity without a blow, lijd to submit to a verdict of ' foul,' at tho hands of the referee, for this most objectlonablo practice. 1 his second vielon- quite put Maci) on his mcttlo, and ho forthwith issued' a challcngo to Brottlo to fight at lOst , lb, for the purpose, as ho said, of redeeming his character, lirettlo, after tho way ho had bofrlended bis quondam onemy, was somewhat annoyed at his thus challenging him after he had intimated his retirement from the Ring; but as Maco seemed so anxious, Dob consented just for this once to accommodate him, and hence the present match, which, by tho verv knowing contributors to somo of iho dailv journals, hns boon during tho past week paraded as the sequel to the lato fipht for tho championship, and the event which was to decide tho possession of tho champion's bolt, which is still in nbcyance. From the time the match was made until last week it appeared to create not the slightest interest. It was looked upon as all over bar the shout at the end, and there was no chance of a bet being got on. As the time drew on, however, and it became known that Mace was taking unusual care of himself, and had faithfully promised his backers to be a good boy, and had more- over confidently affirmed his belief that he should be able to turn the tables on Bob, public curiosity was aroused, and a good deal of betting took place at 7 to 4 on Brettle. It having become known that the backers of the men had selected the Great Western railway ter- minus for their place of embarkation, and the hour of five at the time of starting, the real stanch lovers of the art made up their minds to go once more and see whether Mace could in his case make good the adage as to luck in odd numbers. Others there were of course who only show at the Ring side when a big stake is to be fought for, whoever may be the combatants, evi- dently forgetting, in the simplicity of their hearts, that it is iiottho hard cash, but the hardy determination^ the parlies concerned, that' makes tho mill worth wit nessing. Some, doubtless, wero tempted by tho know ledgo that tho programme for tho day embraced three events, thereby giving them plenty 'for their money; nnd not a few there wero of novices in the game, who having been attracted by tho universal interest t» wit ness Iho championship, had been bitten by tho lovo of the art, and could not refrain from having ono more taste of a sport which they had found so congenial to their spirits. It is on this account tho more to bo re gretted that better order was not maintained, ns wo fear that the discouragement many gontlemen encountered will have the effect of inducing them ai tho very com mencement of thoir career to avoid with disgust a sport they were beforo only too ready to uphold. If this bo so, tho members of tho P. R. will havo them selves alone to blame for much of the evil. If they would only muko up their minds to stick together and assist tho authorities at tho stations, and protect the gentlemen from whom they expect support when they moat require it. instead of tuining a deaf ear to their complainti, there would not be tho slightest difficulty in their preventing the robberies that aro committed ; and by steady persoveranco we are ussured they would in limo get rid of the ' followers,' whoso conduct alone it is that brings discredit upon them and their profession. This is a subject on which wo have commented till wo are heartilv tired of repeating our warnings nnd advico to the pugilistic corps; and often as we have threatened to abandon tho men and their cause if we found no im provement in tbeir conduct, we regrot to say both our advice and threats have been thrown away. . With but very few honourable exceptions, among whom wo may number Billy Duncan, Dan Collins, Mike Madden, and one or two others, the boxers stand aloof, looking on with silent apathy, while thoso who would be their best friends are maltreated by the ruffians whoso cuiinection with tho Fnncy in tny way is to be so much deplore J. Can it be that tha boxers of fingl.md nro afraid to interfere? or miist it bo owned with shame that but too many of them dislike offending these followers lest they should suffer any pecuniar}' damage, or miss tbo accustomed invitation to tbo bottlo so freely accorded to keep all smooth? 'Whichever may be the cause, wo onco moro solemnly warn them tbat the timis and men are rapidly changing. The public now-a-days nro accustomed to protection, regularity, and order in their various sports; and protection nnd order the}- must have, or tho sports at which the}' have delighted to be present will be de serted. The Ring is an institution which, more than any other, requires all tho efforts of its ancient sup porters to Keep it on us jegs. ror years anu years nave wo supported it, as ono of tho sports of the country which must not bo allowed to drop if we would main tain our ancient hardihood, our love of fair play, and other manly attributes of tho British race; but opposed to us has been the cant of certain sects, whoso calumnies we have so often contradicted, and whose fallacies we have exposed. We havo made a determined stand, and have ever done our best in public and in private to persuade the members of the Ring to show by their bearing and their conduct that tho state ments of their maligners are utterly undeserved ; and now how havo we been rewarded? Match after match takes place, presenting similar scenes to that enacted on Wednesday. Our exhortations aro treated with con tempt, and the ' travellers' aro allowed to do as they please. This stato of things can no longer exist. Wo cannot always bo fighting an uphill game to defend these who will not endeavour to defend themselves. A willing horse may soon be ridden to death ; and in our case we assure the men we address that our patience is well nigh exhausted. We may remind them that by our exertions alono has tho Ring been for years kept on its logs, and wo would ask them, should wo abandon their cause, where will they be? The answer may bo con veyed in the few words, ' 'J'hc Ring will ceaso to exist.'' Once more, then, do wo solemnly call upon them to pause in their downward career. It is but a long pull and a strong one, and all may yet be well. A little determination will soon satisfy the ?bnoxinus class that their presence must bo dispensed with. We have in our time seen a score of these gentry, armed with life pre servers, put to an ignominious flight by the single arm and undaunted bravery of Owen Swilt; and shall not double or treble that number b.o kept in awe by a dozen picked men? Let ibem but try it on tho next occasion they may be required, and wo will answer for the conse quences. If they do not take our advice, all we cin say is, upon their own heads be the consequences. It is now timo to proceed with our account of the m'rtch and its progress. It being stipulated that neither man was to exoced lOvt 7ib, nnd both being well under that mark, neither exhibited tiny great Im-to in going into sorero training, tbia being tlio less necessary, a» each bears the oliarncter of being » steady, tempernte liver, aud each is in tho primoofhlsoge. Brettlo forsuuie time 'starred' tho country in company with tlio Staloybridgo Infant, while Mace took ndvuntara of the public by oxhibitiDg hii sparring qunlities, oitlicr with the nccomplibed Johnny Walker, or the stalwart King (Jem Ward's big ono). About eix weeks hack, however, both betook themselves to sovoro work. Boh at Hcdncs ford, hli Invourite quarters, under tho care of the voteran Jem Hodgkiss, by whom he has almost always beon guided throughout tils Ring caicer, and by whom he was got as lit as possible, although, tu uur mind., ho looked, on stripping, somewhat staler than when ho foupht Sayero. W» do not kuow who put the finlshiug I polish upon tho i; orwicli Pet, who trained nt Yurmoutli but finer, fresher polish we never eaw. Every musolo, every Blnew stood out In bold reliel ; nowhere could wo soo a place whore nn ounco of flei.li could bo nparcd, or an ounce mldcd to obtoiu perfection, and whether this condition was tho roeult of his own cnreful regimen or of tho watchfulness of some friend, no praiso can be too high. Tho battle, as our nadera are aware was ori ginally fixe.1 for Tuesday, but owinK to the Chainpion Bhip of tho riiamcsTjoing arranged fot that dny, and many Bportsmon wishing to see Loth, a postponement was consented to, the men apeoinf,' tosjalu on Tuuday instead ol Monday. Tho ceremony took place nt the appointed plaoo between twtlvo and two, when neither man oxceodod ]0it £«lb, M«cc luviug n trifling pull. Both were iu high spirin, »nd judging by their conver sation, both wero equally confident. Thuy p-rtook of a glass of wiuo together, each promising tho other a warming when they should meet on tho morrow, and some friendly ch»ft pausing between them as to their formor enoounter. The o wipany nt tlio oarcmony, al though numerous, was auythimr but select, and both mon left early, to seek a purer atmosphere. Each held a lovco in tho evening, Brettlo, nt Also Keeue's and MncoatMr. Richardson's, wherj of courte tboy had hosts of friends, lhose of Maco prodominntlng in quautity if not In qunlily. Tho bating wns vorv ahv, backers of Mace standing out for 7 to 4 and 2 to 1, and the Bruiiimagom men not fucliuj: disposed to win their money so dearly. Keene and Richardson, who had the arrangement of the triD, having concluded their arrangement? with tbo' Great Western Railway Company, nnd arranged an earlv start, of courno all thoso who wished really to eniov the mill retired early to rest, whilo thoso who fancied their nerves strong enough for tho exertion, passed tho nicht in carousing to the health of tho mtn, and so ensuring that they would bo up betimes, and, moroover savinc themselves tlio trouble of dressing in the morning. Sooii after four o'clock the Paddington terminus was nlivo with excitement, nnd in a very short time the crowd bo came bo groat as to bo quito unmanageable, and thun ensuod the scene wo have elsewhere alluded to. In the melee at tho innor door two gentlemen received violent blows on the faco, ono having the eye completely closed and another having his nose knocked on ono side, but by whom it is impossible to auy. One, we hear was struck by a member of tho P.R. of high utauding'as a lionfiace, and, we would fiiin hope, by uceident or bv mistake, as there could bo no possiblo reason for tho outrage If ho was the offender, ho must bo well nwaro of this, and wo would re commend him to mnko such amends to tho injured gen tlemen as lie in his power. Wo nro aware thorn was a groat rush of tho swell mob at tho door, and it is quito possible the blow intended for ono ef them alighted in tho wrong quarter; and this is a view of the question which we hope and trust will turn out to ha correct So great was the rush and tho strugglo that Joe Ware ham, Brottle's trainer, who had his boots and drawers mid Fred. Oliver with the ropoi and stakes, wero unable te obtain admission to tho platform to tnko their Boats and it being neccssnrv to despatch tho special buforo tbo six o'clock ordinary train, they had to follow bv that conveyance, accompanied by many of the sluggarifs who arrived just in tiiua to bo too late, Tho special atmiiuiZ ?»'ft!y '? Qo'»ff. on tho bunks of tbe Thiimes, but tho Oxfordshire boaltn being v» tho qui »i^, tho train spod on its way. Why tho, nUll Hi uot nt eiico, ' disembark and cross into Berkshire, only ha f a milo off, wo know not; had thoy dono so, wo think tho affair might have been settled thcro and then. At M ailing ford road, on tho way down, no stoppage was made, but about half a milo short of Didcot tho tram pulled up, and tho passengers, some five hundred in number, got but. To their dismay they wore hero quickly joined by somo rural blues, who intimated tbat it wouldn t ao. Tho train had only been chartered as far as Didcot, and to proceed further was therefore impossible. Tbo spe cial was accordingly despatched to Didcjt to be shunted on fo the up-lino, nnd was thero joined by Oliver and Wnreham, so that everything was now in readiness Tor any contingency. It wa3 past nino by tho timo nil wcro reseated, aud a retrograde move was nt onco mndo to Wullingford road, where tho company was welcomed by a heavy fall of rain, in tho midst of which Oliver and his satellites pitched tho ring on tho grounds of a fine old English farmer, named John Clinch, who freely accorded permission to make use of his premises. Tlio ring pitched, the company, who had remained under shelter of tho carriages, quickly proceeded to tho sccno of action, where, considering tho state of tho weather, and tho impossibility of sitting on the grass, a tolerable ring was formed, the sum realised bv innor ring tickets not, however, renching quite Lll. M'e havo had many com plaints 03 to tho manner in which tho ring .was kept during the fight, and we must admit that it was scarcely what it should havo been ; but much of this is owing to the unwillingness of somo of tho inner ring ticket holders, who wero extromoly reluctant to movo further back, and so enlargo tho space for spectators. As it was, they stationed themselves so closely as to almost neu tralise tho efforts of the constables, except on ono side where tho company had been fortunato enough to pro euro scats. AH was in readiness at twenty minutes to ten, but full half an hour was wtsted beforo the men wero prepared for action. Brettlo was tho first to enter the ring, nnd was followed nt nn interval of nearly ten minutes by Mnco, who by this tardiness, vro believo, lost an opportunity of finishing off his handiwork there and then. While their toilettes wore performing, somo little betting took place at 7 to 4, and finally at 2 to 1 on Brettle, but tho investments wcro anything but heavy. Brettlo was seconded by Jem Hodgkiss and an accom plished boxer, who shall bo nameless, while Johnny Walker nnd nn East Under handled the Norwich Pet. By ten minutes past ten all was at length announced to bo in applo-pie order, and tbo signal was given to com itonco THE FIGHT. Ronnd 2. On facing ono another tbc contrast between the men teas very great. Mnco stood connldorably ovor Bob, nnd hid nil tho lo A of an athlete of the first-clns?. His well-kuit limbs, square shoulders, and snake-like head wero models of what a profcssonal boxer should possess, and on thiB occasion, instend of the timorous look wo hnvo bcforctinics noticod, he had a pleasant smile on his mug, although thero was a dangerous glanco in hip goggle?, which tciokcned mischief. Ho went to tho scratch in a bold, fcarlens style, which indicated the utmost confidence, n confidence which wo doubt not was very considerably enhanced by tho 'jollying' of his by no means aristocratic frlcnda. Bob, who seemed to us somewhat slow, and was, wo thought, more round shouldered than ovor, walked in his usual quiet, un pretending way to the middlo of tho ring, but with nn unmistakable, self-satisfied grin on his good- tompercd mug, which showed that he at nny rnte hnd no foars as to tlie result. Just boforo he left bis corner we heard his second whi'per a bint to him to go at once to eloso quarters nnd forea die flghtine — a pioce of advice which he was not tlow to lollow. With hla crab-like, side-way moveinont, he dodged round hia man, and triod to lead off, but was neatly stopped, nnd, as a counterbalance, warded off a very pretty return on tbo pnrt of Jem. He was not to be smiled off, but triod it ngnln, but open banded, when Jem countered him beautifully on tho very point of his proboicis, from which tho carmine wns instantly preccptiblo {first blood fur Mace, amulet the vociferous choors of bin p*ls). ThU snorter brought the men to olosc quartors, nnd eomo rattling ding-dong exobnngci took place, all in favour ol Mnco, who fought coolly nnd cleverly with both mawloyp, whilo Bob, on the contrary, in liiseogornes« was too wild to do oxiou tion. At length Brettle got closo in, and both lolled over, Maco under. 2\. On coming up, Bob's mutt bore very visiblo proofs of Jem's handiwoik ; his beak was swollen, and bis kisser also was distilling tho ruby, whilo Jem hnd a scarcely perceptible mark under bis left oyo. Again did Bob try to make a dash in tho hopo of dismaying his opponent, but Master Mace had evidently gained additional confidence by his prowess in tho last round. As Bob camo he nailed him very heavily ugain on tho nozzle, producing more of the cr/ua rito, nnd Bob got home a rib bender with tho right. Heavy counter-hits followed, all in favour of Maco, who again drew a cork from Bob's whistler, napping a littlo ono on tho brow in return, and Bob fell laughing. 3\. Bob's countenance bore still stronger marks of Jem's art as a portrait painter, whilo tho latter was scathless, and seemed as jolly as a sandboy. Bob lost no time in going to it, but was met, as 'before, with effect, Maco delivering both daddies with consummate judgment on tho peeper and nose, inflicting a cut under the former ; ho received a right Imndor on tho jaw, and then one on tho brow, which, however, left no mark, and in getting away fell. 4\. Bob on coming up was slower and more cautious than in the last round, and wailed for his man. Mace wa3 not long in coming, and Bob then let fly his left ou the conk, producing ihe ruby. Jem looked rather serious, and the Briunu becoming moro cheerful, assured Bob that now was his time, and that Jem would not stand another. Bob accordingly tried it again, but was very short and alow, and Mace countered him with great force on tho mouth, nnd then made his right on tbe snuffbox with extraordinary quickness and force. Brot tle bored in, and Jem closed and threw him very heavily, falling on him. [Renewed cheering for Mace, who was now on tho best possible terms with himself, and looked as proud as a carpenter's dog.] 5\. Brettle was much shaken by tho blows and tho heavy fall in last round, and was very slow to time. Mace awaited him in tho middlo of the ring, nnd no sooner did they join issuo than he set to work left and right, as straight ns an nrrow, on tho brow and nose, getting quickly out of harm's way, and then going at it again. Tho punishment ho dealt out was extraordinary, and the severity of his blows not only bothered Brattle, but astonished his own friends. Every hit seemed to leave its mark, while tho returns of Brettlo wero slow and ineffective. In the ond, Bob fell, and with him fell tbo countenances ol his Bupportors, in tho most unmis takable way. G. Bob had a mouso under each eye, and it was evi dent that ono or two more must closo his left peeper completely. His noso nnd mout'1, too, wero fast Io3iug their perpendicularity; tho former orK«n, which was for merly of the Roman order, fast resolving itself into a construction of tho modern Milesian style. Ho got up tho ghost of a smile, and dashed in, when Mace, who awaited him with calmness, caught him one- two on tho dial. Bob persevered and got slightly on tho body, but had no powor to stop tho onslaughts of the Norwich man, who performed upon him, even at tho closest quar tors, with extraordinary sangfroid, and finally caught him a very hot one on the nasometer with his left, which dropped Bob on bis knees, in rather a shaky condition. Just as time was colled fur tho 7th round, tho blues, who had pursued tho combatants from Dldcot, made their unwelcome appearauce, nnd a suspension of hostilities was found necessary at tho expiration of twelvo minutes, and at a time when Mnce hud got hU man so well in hand that thcro is littlo doubt another ten minutes (ten precious minutes, which ho had himself wasted at the commencement) must in all probability have rendered him a victor, and thus saved all the fatiguo and anxiety of n journey on the following day. The bluebottle and bis satellites being inexorable although perfectly good- humoured, there was no help for it, anil areturn to tlie troiu was at oncu inailo. Tlie backers of tho men applied to the referee for orders, and that official, as tbo day was young, proposed to move in n homeward direction, to seek'lresh Holds and pastures no.r;' but on application to the manager of tho train, that official aaid his orders from the company wcro imperative, nnd that he could not again pull up on any part of tho lino. Only ono alternative now remained for the refereo, and no accordingly directod ths men to meet nt an enrly hour tho following morning, aud accompany him to a soot which ho himself would select. Tho train having gorgod its living prey, now started 'bock agin,' nnd by twelve, o clock or thereabouts, the fashionablo travellers were delivered in safety at tbo Paddinglon terminus, much to the astonishment of tho inhabitants of tho district, whom it would not have been very difficult to persuade thut they were a fresh regiment of tho Pope's Irish Brignde on their way to join General Lnmoriciere. Brettle at onco proceeded to Alec Keenc's, where ho took all neces sary precautions to pnpare himself for tbe renotved struggle of the morrow, which he evidently lookodupon with very different leelings to thoso of tho morniug, althouKh bis confidence in himsolf and his powers of still frightening Jem into a surrender teemed but littlo abated. Mace of courso wns welcomed by the sages of the Jiust as already a victor, and had no luck of (Utter ing pals to keep up that spirit which his excellent performance of the morning had evidently urouted in The friends of Maco having undertaken to procure ft boat to convey tho combatants to tho now scene of action on Thursday, tho men and their friends started Irom lenchurch street at an curly hour. It having in the mean timo becomo known thai boino persons, for reasons best known to themselves, hud communicated to tho poltco of Chatham and Gravoscnd tlmt tho men were about to pay a visit to Long Raach, which had been originally numed for the meeting, it was agreed nt Iho latest moment that the double should bo put ou, nud change tbo rcnue too plaen farther from home. Mirny persons accused Bob BrelUo and his party of tampering with the authorities, but wo believo such, accusations to be groundless, although it is not impossible that some persons who had backed him heavily may havo taken tbia step in tho hopo of saving their money. Tho crowd at tho station on Thursday morning wns oven greater than at Paddington tlio previous day, but there was more of the East End material nnd less of the Coriu t hlnn in it3 composition. Brettlo, of course, becamo the observed of ail, and Liking into consideration how he must havo had himself taken down in his own esti mation, ho looked as cbeorful as could bo expected The effects oftlia punishment ha hud received, in tho short but decisive encounter of t\io preceding dav wero plainly k risible. UtvlBt his left, oyo, which was 'partly cloaca, was an u^iy-looking cut, whilo hlj^htT555511 only in a suit of mourning, but much nuoll J-' ,Wa! »ot peeper looked much worso than the nth ' w fMl. thli was also swelled and. he formed *. strikta?' His »* his opponent. Mnce, with the Vception8 *?'''' '« mouse under tho left eyo, and a 111,! °r a slit-hf the jaw, had naught tL' matte? 'Ah' iT^ «« ' be conducted himsolf with manly U ,'1 Alth4 could bo no mistaking a confidence in um,' '''o thnt told nt onco how suro ho felt of -?„ !'is be«ini: they met nt the station they greeted cacUm'1(j' '4 cordially; Mace, with a manliness o ? di«™ ? ? '»»« proper feeling towards Brettle (who badPh! i™ ^ tunes acted a friend's pnrt to him) boimr th bWn* make tho necessary ndvnnce. After « AVg ° ''« -to of two hours, the rail portion of tho exned.V1'11 ioM» ? -eluded, and nt Southend a couple of sZm 1°' was -*?? waiting. For a little timo theS was ZZ dir?3 ?erc '' porienced in getting on board, but this Imvint b? '^ '? right, nil wont on »s correctly as tho mo« m m' paced disciplinarian could w|sl,. Tho cam ,w''^ lending craft, acting under tho advico ofTOi l' '' pilot who wns on bonrd, took tho expedition ,1 knomi tbat had never before been visited by the pi. ?'mi ver completed his arrangements with the utS Oli tion, nnd no sooner had this been made ? wP!(|i. Since lost no timo in making his n?pe anco l^ 'P ropes Under tho charge of his seconds, he „?! '' th« cceded to disrobe, and seemed wonderfullv « Dcc P'» his toilet completed. Brettlo had not yot S J? » nearance, and thero was n demand made for ih n af' but twenty minutes elnpscd ore Bob m,d» l ,- Dra'. ance nt tho ropes, who, on throwing his can ln*,PP''- I ring, stated, with a smile, that it wn, no?''t(1 lh» Bob 3 second's now proceeded to make their mTl J^ but they certainly were by no means bent on 1? M-)'1 themselves ; but the longest and most elnbora !'f,'s must n time be brought to a finish, eo at lenJfh n f ' ceived tho finishing touch Tho i ? '' I magnificent, tho gentlemen comfortably semi '.'I! I tho ring keepers, undor tho management of .i '? Ml I fatignbTo Billy Duncan, aided by Jcmmv Hh' mfc-' their duty In a very creditable manner TT* thrtV'1 the utmost order was maintained, the few .S1' who were present expressing themselves as ffl& isfied. J here was not abet made round the rin7r I although any amount of odds wore offered on M,» ,! I the Birmingham party did not evince tho leut S/ nvest. Indeed, there was not, ono among hem'. I imagined Bob had the remotest chance. .By av.S *.'' I past one o'clock the combatants wero conduct,? ft scratch, and left to begin the ' '''en lo ne I RENEWED FIGHT. I Round 1. How striking :wa« the Uifferonco M.m» I the men now to what it had .been on tho preceedta, d, I There was Brettle, all radiant with confid „« 2 I within himsolf certain that it would require but a «». I titionof tho performance ho so well executed in Si' I first cneoiiutor to bring him through in triuoiDh nL I theWcdnesdnyliohnd entered tho ring with « buovaS I and eager step, ns though ho could not be brourf It I soon to face his opponent. Bob was now quite a diffetat I man, nnd though ho attempted to conceal it «| T, I smile, he ovidently felt himself n beaten man. ill™. I the othor hand, was as contident ns a man 'could be-in I deed, it would have been strango bad it been other*- I No sooner had Brettle put himself into position thai i fc I stead of dashing at his man to forco the fighting, a'j h, I bad dono before, ho etcpDcd back, determined to trvif I nny alteration of his tnctics could alter the fortune of I wnr. Although Mnco hud been prepared for this nhm I tion in tho tactics of his opponent, still for an fnsuot hi I appeared to-be a little puazled. Forabriefmomut I ho stood in the middlo of tho ring and wntcbed hit m«n I with a keen glance, then, drawing himself together mih I the skill of n consummnto master, ho went in. When I they got to distanco Bob -let fly ths right and got home I on tho side of tho head, but wns too round tobee/fectire. I Tho opening had now been made, when Jem countered I with his man beautifully, getting well on the did. I Brettle broke ground, followed by tho Norwich cham. I pion, who was determined to make no waiting job ol it fl knowing how true is tbe old adage that delays are din- I Rcrous. A» Jem followod bis man up, the Urum in tbe 1 counter-hitting got home tho right on the cranium, and B in retreating got to tbe ropes and went down. ' I 2\. Maco came from his corner with a smiling count*. I nance, and was instantly met by the Bruin. JSow cane I an exhibition of those splendid milling qualities that 1 shone so conspicuous in Jem's bnttlo with Travcra. - So ? sooner did ho got within rnnge than with the left and I right he got home on his man with stinging aererity, I doing execution on Bob's right Inmp nnd smeller. Tot I Brum's returns were of tho most harmless character, for ? they wcro wild, nnd being neither well timed nor well fl placed, by no menns effective. As Bob shifted position 9 he got down on one knee, but on tho instant he was up I again to renew the battle. In tho struggle the men got B on tho ropes, nnd in the fall Maco was under. (There fl wns an attempt to claim foul, us Brettle, it vru alleged, B had gouged his mnn; but tbe referee properly took no 9 notice.) B 3\. On coming up Mnco hnd somo duet about hi] 9 smeller, but it wns not of any importance; while it wu H evident, from tho appearauco of Brettle'a phiz, tbat fl Maco had again been all over it. Brettle again tried B to keep away from bis antagonist, but Mace followed ? him up, and 'on getting to distance administered - 9 splendid left-hander straight in tho middle of the head, ? which sent Bob's nob for tho instant boning like an fl obsequious mandarin, at the same time producing the 9 claret from his nose and mouth. As Bob broke, Jen 9 followed him up, and again administered tlio left on the fl dial, when the Brum went down with somothiug Terr fl like a knock-down blow. fl 4\. Brettlo tried to lead, but hit open-hnnded, bo that ? independent of thero being no precision, bis blosra had B no effect. Mice, with woll directed deliveries, got full H in tho middle of tho head, and in a rally they fought fl near the ropes, whon Jom nailed his uppercut beauli- fl fully with the left', and the Brum finding it a great deal fl too warm to be pleasant, went down. 9 5 and last. Both mon camo readily from their cor- ? ncrs, but no sooner had Maco faced his man than is 8 planted on him left and right with astonishing rapidity, ? doing execution, with telling force, right in the middle ? of tho head, each blow being sent homo with a straight- fl ness that increased its force, while, ns a fine point of B icienco, it was much admired. Brottle, iu this round, B fought spiritedly with his man round tbo ring to the fl ropes, when, after receiving another dose, bo went dota, 9 nnd on being taken to his seconds they becamo wondir- ? fully busy. On timo being called, Maco almost withoit ? a mark, sprang from bis second's knee, and stood in ths fl middle of tho ring. Time was called repeatedly with- ? out effect, and at lost was called by the referee, wbto, fl instead of Brottlo appearing at the scratch, tho spoilt H was thrown up by Bob'* principal second, and Mace vu H hailed tho winner, the battlo having lasted seren ? minutes. Tiiua in two rings it will bo Been that the B combatants fought eleven rounds in nineteen minute!, ? Mace had no soonor been bailed the winner than he B 'lashed across tbe ring to Brettle's corner, and grasped ? his baud with thu utmost cordiality. 9 KEJIAKK3. B This cnteat nnquestionnbly presents ono exuwm- Hj nnry feature, and this must strike at a glance tbo imit ? uninitiated ninateurn in such matters. Here ore two ? men who met in 1858, when Maco was defeated by nu ? opponent with tho most consummate case, lining co'' 9 pletely Bottled in ono hit. Wo admit that it is b] no ? means wonderful lor n in»n, even the bsat blood in the HJ Ring, to recoivo the coup de grace from a cbauco blow-— B such tho history of the t. H. relates has ofton been tM B case. Tho defeat of Mnce, liowovor, at thnt ttran wai DJ ? no menus looked upon in thnt light, it being well knowa m that thcro wns no coup de grace in tbo matter. Ho» Mj diligent is now tho position of tbe N°'«™H ohampion, and having had to encounter -» H frowns of tho fioklo goddess, how woorneg ranBt now bo her smiles. A mement's wMimw m tion of tho position of Jem Mace must bo a «''lJ,c'°» 9 proof to his brother professionals that thoro is m-«'»» H like honosty and straightforwardness, for tinco «a« B hns determined to be 'a good boy,' soo how mi »« ? gj torluuB condoot both in nnd out of the ring ?«? ''- 1' B rewnrd. The dnwnine; snecesa ol tho middlo v'«« ? chnmpjon may be said to have commenced from ttm-- m niy last, when ho dofoated Bob Truvora, for It w' »» « questionably the manly stylo in wMchhaoMttillWfl] hiuuolf on lhat occasion which induoud bis b»«'r' ',, S give him nn opportunity of retilorlng Ills loet «»?« B with Iho gnllnnt Brum. Wo aro bestowing on Him Jj h undeservod or exaggerated praiso, whon we elate uibj ' H is ono of the finest boxors that wo havo for some t.oi ? past «een figure within the ropes. There oanM» ? doubt that Ge can fiRht equally woll with «&«'£''? with tbo other mnwley. As a tactician locninst IHe ni h with whom he has at preient cont- mdod) ho 'PP8'',' ,H be fnultlets, for there doo» not opp«»f »Poln.'A0i ,1 not try lo make the most of, nor a mo»» to ''',,,, snd ? not porfectly fly, while his flno stui'gut dellTcile* «{ ? his proouion, -nro so many proofs of on J .,iaflj judgment. Wo boliovo -t Is uot his intention to J ? figure within tho Ring, and we think that he cou U»«| ohuoso a more dotlrablo opportunity than tlio F'j -.,aflj make his exit, as bo would do so tho clever and «™I «? winner of a nreat wid important fight, lie f'^lM opportunity of settling down pro»p»ron»ly to iw i ? ness, nnd in doing to he will ouly bo following the t m^m of bis warmest and sUnchcst pntrons. -'' inH crlnlnly bo tho last timo that Brottlo will ^'^.H tho ring, nnd it is not therefore requUlto i» » b,.B] nny lengthonod lomarks on ? his stylo °i ,b,heH ing. To bo brief, then, we will merely state, fro '? f M superior skill of Ills opponent, ho hnd not tho «V''',rt,fl| chancoi nndin the opinion of ono ana »»i «« ' bata] fought so badly, for ho not only bit oPon. '!''„' The— displayed neither judgment, time, nor al81'1'';,,, tofi manner in which ho fought was a complete eurp ™ all who had seeu him exhibit in tbo ring on fotin ™ casloin. Ho was much crestfallen at tlio easy _?' aJj(H had sustained, for to nono moro than Bob hirasti mm n greater nurpriso. Both men, »«', tlloyn.r,,t V-9 dressed, wero present at the second fight, onu ™ gcthcr in tho most friendly maunor-a proof turn m was no ill- feeling betwoon them. \ittvM Beyond tho fight rocordod nbovo, tlio KinB^°ns thai pretty quiet, tho most oportlug item of no»» «»* bM following :-« Ben Caunt. of tie Con cb. and H«w, ,,» Murtin'a lane, is propnrod to light }u0 *''»%,,. M match between Padiock and Hurst, for L200 » J II deposit to IlcWs Life will hnvo immediate altenu»» u 