? ? strong witness to the worth of our Ministry; and I really believe that Mr Herbert will do" a great deal to advance the interests of this great colony. And first I may mention that state aid has been voted as one of the thing* not to be, the feeling of the abolitionists, in my opinion, running into ridiculous e voess when they refuse to sanction in the Land Hill a clause permitting the Government to bestow sites tor places of worship. If there is anything in tbe colony of Queensland which we have in greater abundance than anything else, it is room, end plenty of it, and certainlv to set apart, in new-formed t»wnships, sites for clmrches and chapels convenient for the townspeople, and ornamental to the towns, ought not reasonably to be regarded as a violation of the great voluntary principle. But some say this power would only engender jealousies and unchristian feeling, that land is so cheap sites can always easily be bought, and that it is much better not to disfigure the outand-out principle of extreme voluntaryism by the smallest blemish of the most trifling aid, and so have declared the great majority of the Queensland Parliament. Next in importance as in order, has been tbe passing of the Grammar School Bill—a very admirable measure, full of economy and common sense, and admirably adapted to the requirements of the colony. If proper masters are only to be had. aud a proper system is rigidly observed, and public examinations of the pupils held half-yearly, the master being responsible for a certain defined advance in each class, these schools -will give us for the present all we want. I may remark here that I never was in a place where the value of education is more appreciated tlian in Queensland, and it would be difficult to find any child of six years old in any township, who did not attend school for some hours every dav. A third measure passed this past week has" been the Tenders Regulation Bill, and by it it is endeavored to strike a blow at the tendering system, by which wit at a distance lived at the expense of labor on the spot, and the revenue of the colony lay locked up in the scheme of the speculator. I hope the bill will effect its purpose : but the ingenuity of scheming men is so great, that, till we have had some experience of the workins of the bill, I should be SIOT to hope too favorably of its operation. For tne future, it is enacted no man can hold land unless he stocks it. The party who places his cattle to feed, and plants his cattle upon the soil, shall only be considered tenant to the Crown. If the effect of this bill will stock all our runs, what a colony we shall soon be. In the Leitchard and Maranoa districts, thereare 1,600 runs tendered for, and not reported upon as yet. Some of them have been tendered for for nine years, the greater number of them by parties not residing in Queensland, nor intending to do so. Any system is better than no system ; and bad as the tendering system was. still, had these runs been reported on with ordinary despatch, they would now be yielding to the revenue some £60,000. Under the new plan, however, I hope they will soon be all not only held, but stocked. The committee appointed to inquire into the state of o:ir judicial tribunals has, I hear, agreed upon its report in principle, if not in detail. Our present and only judge is Mr Lutwytche, who has not given satisfaction. He is Judge of the Supreme Court, with an equity and common law jurisdiction; insolvent commissioner; in fact, ereiything; and, except from himself to himself, there is no appeal, rie was appointed by the New South Wales Government, at a salary of £2000 a year. The committee have agreed, I hear, to report that £1200 a year is enough for Judge Lutwvche and that he ought lo have to assist him a cbiet justice, at £1500 a year, and another judge at £1200, the two puisne judges to hold four times a year district couits, where debts or damages not exceeding £100 may be recovered, attorneys to be at liberty to act as advocates in such conrts. The Legislative Council so seldom do any thing on their Own account but assemble under the care of that very sagacious man Sir Charles Nicholson, that I nearly forgot to mention that they did do something last week. By resolutions they affirmed the propriety of a settlement at the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria, and of an overland line of telegraphic communication between Rockhanipton and the head of the gnlf. It has also resolved in favor of a line of steamers to and from Singapore by Torres Straits—a measure, it is thought, in which New Sooth Wales will be sure lo join. • The weather here for the last three days has been broken, and we have had some rain, not very heavy, but enough to revive tbe crop, which had become perfectly burned up. You are aware our wet season is fortunately ^nrii g the hot summer months; in consequence, our climate is much more endurable than from oar neighborhood to the line might be supposed. In fact, summer is endurable'and winter is delightful, and as our medical men are anything but a wealthy class, I think 1 may fairly assure you Queensland is a very healthy locality. Oar Protestant bishop will be here, nothing happening, in August. They have prepared an old brick house, said to be hannted, for his reception, but if dingy brick outside and three miserably constructed rooms inside, does not frighten his the ghosts.— lordship, I don't think he'll care for Argus. 