-ORDINATION'SERVICE: An Ordination Service WBB appointed by the Lord Bishop of SydnejVto'be held yesterday at St. Andrew's Tempo, rary Cathadsl, George-street, at 11 a.m. Abont that hour were present his Lordship,' the Rev.''Dean Cowper',' numerous clergymen, two or three leas! gentlemen, and an assemblage of the public awaited tbe opening of the gates 'of the oatbedral grounds. < Within, and near the door of the Cathedral, were .a few gentlemen, including the Rev. Georg < King, the paroobial minister, with the keys of the Cathedral and yard in his possession. From without several ineffectual attempts were made to open the-gates, after which several gentlemen interested in tbe matter retired to another portion of the enclosure, where they had an interview with the incumbent, the result of wbiohwos, that tbe'Dein, several clergymen, and the legal gen lernen aforesaid, »roe round to the front gute, and affixed the following placard:-. ^Notloe fa hereby given, that In oonsoqaonoo of the Rev.'Oeorge King having ohstrnotod the proceodlpga of tho Ordination Ser- vice, In aoaordance with tho arrangement of tho Lord Bishop of Sydney, by cloning the Oatbedral against tha Bishop, tho «enrióos will bo neoesaarlly adjourned to St. Philip's Choroh, and will commenoa at ho.lf-po.et eleven o'olook. , "À. considérable crowd collected to read tbe notice, and the general question was, " What' is it all about f" to wbioh various explanations were offered, and suggestions made by parties present. [If will be s«en tout an ex- planation is -given in a lettar from the Rev. G King, in another oolumn.] The Biehop and his friends then drove off, and sonn afturwards the notioe above referred to' disappeared also, it having been torn down. A num. ber of the intending spectators of the ordination oere. ?mony remained, in consequence, ia ignoranae of ita whereabouts. * ' _ ' " ? At about a quarter to IS, nome lou person«, onieny ladies, hud assembled in St. Philip's Churoh to witness the oeremotary. The deacon« to be ordained fnr the priesthood WLre the Revs. William Lumsdaine, Marcus Blake Brownrigg, S anley Mitchell, minist-r'of Rand, «ick and -Waverley, and Hanson Delisle Hay Garven, B.A , minister of Wellington. The Lord Bishop was present, aB'was also the Rev. Canon Allwood., The Bev. W. ¡Jung of "Parramatta, read prayer«, after 'whioh the Bev. Dran Cowper delivered an appropriate discourse. His text was from St. Paul's eeoond epistle te Timothy, 2nd ohapter 2nd verse. " And the things that thou hast heard of mn among many witness?*, the same oommlt {Bon to faithful men. who shall bo able to, teaoh others also." The reverend gentleman deduced from this pansage and others' in St. Patt 'ri EpistluB, the existing episcopal power «of the Gburch of England to ordain deacon« and priests to take charge of congregations in oertain portions of the Lord's vine- yard, and to exercise tho spintuol administration bishops of till Churoh ol England now had. In fact, he had no hesitation in saying that Episoopiioy in Eng- land was OBBentlally the same spintual authority an that granted by .St. Paul to Timotny, and which bad re xnained in tho church ever nineo. The reverend gentle man then dwjelt foroibly and eloquently on the duties of a olergyn;aa, and ooncludod by saying that, if thorn were any of tho congregation wbo bad sons, or knew of ynnng tnen who,(they believed, might beoomo instrumental in some Wy in* advancing the work of the Lord, they should oonsider it tb-ir h ghost honour to contribute to Buoh a happy result; and he would odd, tbov could not devoje.thjeit substance in n mero noble way tbao ty aiding in the cause of the Lord. u iA_t tho conclusion of tbe disoouraa the ordination ser vice^was proceeded with. TI e several onodidates were In dun' form ordained by the Bishop, assisted by the Bev Dean Cowper^ and the Bev Canon Allwood, and st tho ,conclusion ot the ceremony, the newly ordained ministers partook of the saoroment, as did OIBO several of the congregation. 