THE DEAD OF 1859. LITERATURE began the funeral procession of the months with the almost simultaneous obsequies of Hallam in England and of Prescott in America. These accomplished historians, who won their first golden spurs at almost the same moment, died within one week ; and, by a curious coincidence, this double loss which letters were called to sus- tain in January was matched at the close of the year by the equally contemporaneous decease of Thomas De Quincey and of Washington Irving. Another conspicuous name within the restricted circle of the highest literary culture of our times must be chronicled with these,- that of Sir James Stephen, Professor of History at the Univer- sity of Cambridge, and who had long ex- ercised a sort of consultative supervision over the education of the heir of the British throne. The world of politics has almost literally closed over the tomb of a great statesman whose doctrines had ruled the councils of Europe for nearly 40 years. There is something worthy of the Tragic Muse of Greece in the close which awaited the fatally brilliant career of Prince Met- terrich. His every success had been a seeming victory over the instincts of the race, over the laws of progress, over the rights of men. And never hal man been moro soomingly successful than he, alike in Court and Cabinet. Talent, personal beauty, power, fame, wealth, had all boen lavished upon the diplomatist whoso skill had shaken down, as it was fancied, the whole fabric oí the French Revolution. He had long passed tho ordinary limits of human life, had soon one after another of his great contemporaries fall around him, and was reserved himself to witness at labt tho utter downfall of the great system he had founded, tho uprising of the Revolution, and even the returning ghost of the Emperor ho had chained so strongly down upon tho rook in the Indian Sea. The last sun on which ho looked shone down upon the battle-field of Magenta. But the triumph which Franco and freedom won over the death-bed of Mcttcrnich was not unalloyed. The dpnth of Alexis de Toc quovillc robbed both of a loyal and gifted champion, who has left behind lum but few in any land fully worthy to wear his mantle. In our own country the ranks of our public men have been less sternly swept. Two diplomatists of respectable rank-Mr. Rush of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Mason of Virginia ,-have been taken from us, and three senators have fallen, two of whom, Messrs. Geyer and Hunnegan, lind retired from poli- tical life. The death of the third, Mr. Broderick, of California, is not likely, we may hope, to be soon paralleled in our, annals, to which it has given one sad and sanguinary lesson moro. One moBt able and faithful philanthropist baa been removed from-hislabouT8Ín the person of Horace Mann, who, loved the cause of education like a Pestalozzi, and toiled in it uko a Howard. 'Our list grows npon our hands, and we might extend it almost indefinitely were wo to attempt to include in it all the simply eminent persons whom the last New Year found in the busy front of life, but of whom the year which yesterday dawned will have no" more report to give to men. Two crowns have been taken, one from the "forehead villanous low" of the hated Ferdinand of Naples, one from the lovely brow of the gentle Stephanie of Portugal. The cruel Ych went to his bloody account in far India, and the sweet voice of one of the world's sweetest singers, Madame Bosio, was frozen into silence among the snows of St. Peterburgh. Busy and prosperous as life has been, death has been busy and prospered. too, and the Old Year's annual lesson lies before us to-day in a shape more striking if not more solemn, than it always wears to our too hasty and heedless eyes.- New Yorlt Times. 