\- MIND AND BODY. Hallucination*. History and Explanation of Apparitions, Visions, Droams, JEctasy, Mag- netism, and Somnambulism. By A. Brierre ide Boismont. Translated from tbe French by R. T. Haime. London : Renshaw, 1859. IN the whole rango of science and of history there is no.region which exercises so mysteri- ous and so powerful a charra over the imagina ti on as that debateable land which lies, as it .were, between the regions of the mind and those of. the; body. The whole J theory, of ghosts, visions, dreams, presentiments,'and the .like, has hovered'in à characteristically unsub- stantial manner over the speculations of every gênerition, and appears.to.haye a special fasci- nation for our own. The belief of one class in withcruft, and that of another in table-turning, spirit-nipping, and : the : quasi-supernatural attributea of mesmerism are probably. at least as : strong now as.analogous beliefs ever were when they resulted in sending' people to the gallo ws or the stake. To some persons this is a matter of surprise. They either are or affect to be startled at a credulity which, as they say, ought not to co-exist with the civilisa- tion and enlightenment of the age in which we live. * Witches and ghosts, it bas been boast- fully asserted;, cannot bear the, light: of trail ways, electric telegraphs, and: popular educa- tion; and if they are still found to survive, it is only a proof that the schoolmaster has; not done his duty. Such is the popular , brag of this bragging age. It ÍB one of the shallowest: and ra'St thoughtless that even these days .have : brought to light. In the first plaice, thou jh it - is undoubtedly true - that the present, is an age of great scientific dis- coveries, it is also true that it is one in which/ scientific training is exceedingly rare, and in which ;the popular temper tendsto decry and discredit that patient pursuit of knowledge for its own sake which is invariably the companion of the scientific temper. The groat mass of mankind are simply dazzl d and bewildered hy scientific discoveries, ami are predisposed by contemplating them to an abject worship of material results which is one of the most de- graded forms of credulity. " -rear is Stephen- son of the railways ;". " Groat is Wheatstone of the electric telegraph," are.cri.es .which may be quite as bigoted and quito as credulous as " Great is Diana of the läphosiäns." What is impossible to steam and electricity ? If a mari' can Bend a message through an infinite length of copper wire in an infinitesimally small portion of a second, why should he not raise the dead or beal the sick by a w ird? Wh if is im possible to the great sociil Noburthadnezzir who can look out of the windowsof the South Eastern railway and say, behold 'his grand Crystal < Palace which I have budded ? Rail- ways and steamers are things , which shake the faith of mankind in their own conclusions and in their accustomed trains of logic more rudely than in any other particular whatever. This, we have no doub% is the cause which lies at the b iitom of an immense proportion of the fanaticism and superstition whioh riot on every side of us.; Spiritualism for the heterodox and Revivalism for the othodox .are, to tine an alge-. braioal smile, two root9 of one equation.. ; Apart, however, from the facility pf belief. :which startling scientific discoveries cannot but "engender, there is no doubt that s «me, bf the; inquiries made by "scientific;-men for scientific purposes do tend to excite superstition in some minds, and to excuse, pr at any rate to account for it in others. There is, as has been already observed, a'sort of border land between , mind ¡and body"; and the facts relating to it are sui,re- markable, and to those who are unacquainted wita the subject their first .statement is so surprising, as apparently to justify a be- lief in any ahsurdity when their existence is " mado known in a popular manner through tho ordinary channels which glut, with scientific results tho curiosity. of those who haye little power of scientific thought, j M. de Boismont's work on Hallucinations (of which a translation has just boen published by Mr. Huime) contains a collection of faots upon th oso subjects which are ominontly curious and well worthy of serious attention, though wo fear that they may ? unavoidably encourage superstition on tho part of inattentive or igno- rant readers. This, however, is neither their general, nor, we think, their legitimate ten- dency;; for several of thom g.» a long w ty to words reducing under the hend of woll-recognised diseases many occurrences which are frequently invested with supernatural terrors. Wo cannot attempt to reproduce M. do B tismont's classifi- cation of the various forms of hallucination and illusion. Such clussifications aro like indexes -valuable and significant rather to the author than to the reader of tho hooks, in which they aro contained. Wo will, however, attempt to enumerate their principal varieties. . " In their normal s tn io, the senses of all man- kind not substantially in tho same direction. Our organs of eight and hearing, ol' tasio and 'smell, receivo the same, or very similar, impressions, undor similar, cir- cumstances. When they coincide, we assum« that these impressions are excited by external roalities. When they do not «¿incido, wo say that tho minority, or the persons whoso im- pressions aro inconsistent with one another, aro under the influence of hallucinations, illu- sions, or delusions (for though attompts havo been made to fix technical meanings to those and other words of the sumo kind, they uro in popular apprehension tho sumo things). Theso delusions may he arranged under t wo hoads. One sst present to. our sonsos imaginary %objeots-the other set distort oxisting onos. Each clnss contains many distinct varieties, asconding in a gradual series from tho most' commonplace to tho most surprising phe- nomena. To talcofirst the caso of those delusions which prosont to our sonsas imaginary objects. The commonest and most familiar of those are dreams. Evory human being (with a very few curious exceptions) hus probably experienced thom, and .wo all knowhow mttoh , their vivid- ness and impressiveness aro nffoctud by the state of our health and a.thousaud other ch': bnmslancos.' Noxt above ordinary dreams como that spoeiul 'order of dreams whioh ate known as nlghtmaros ; and those, under certain circumstänces71>ecbme BO vivid th'at'they* ar hardly dispelled, or even not . dispolje at all by waking. . filf o. ?very ! littl is added to their intensity.ii'they = com close upon the border of delirium. Ä-ste above dreams, in the common sense of th word, come waking dreams, or spectral dein sibhs,: which'may or may not be recognised a I stich! A person' may be haunted by the nguri of a man or an animalJ and he may or may no he conscious pf the fact that the'impression cit his sensed is peculiar tb himself, and is not ex cited by any corresponding reality. 'These de- lusions may affect'any of the senses- hearing, smell, or taste,'ns well as sight-and they may occasionally become epidemic. This, indee J, seems to be - a feature commqn to all J sorts1 of delusions. M. de Boisraont gives ern account bf an epidemic nightmare which on two sepárate . occasions, attacked. ' a regiment of soldiers quartered in an abbey , after a very fatiguing day's march. On two successive nights they were simultaneously aroused from their sleep by a black dog which, * as- they-una- nimously declared,.-.ran through the abbey in which thoy bivouacked, leaping upon-the chest of each man in succession.. Epidemic waking delusions are by no means uncommon. ' The dancing madness of tho middle agetr during which phantoms appeared to those affected, and the preaching madness of a more recent period iii Sweden, are instances of this. ? , V. The" delusions by which "real objects are dis- torted áre also of all degrees of . intensity; Simple derangements of. the senses are amongst the commonest bf,phenomena.Every one knows what it is to- haye a taste in the mouth which* interferes with all ordinary tastes-to have a.Binging in the ears, produced, by no ex- ternal sound-or, after being subjected to a strong.glare bf light,: to see common objects invested with strange colours. -Sometimes, in- deed, these irregularities' are organic, as when a man can see, no distinction between red áud green. A step aboye these derangements of the senses lies abnormal sensibility in particular organs. The acuteness of the sense or touch in the blind is a familiar instance, and indeed the possession of a'musical; ear may 'perhaps he, looked upon in, the same light... Some- times, however, this ' acuteness becomes alto- gether excessive. M. de .Boismont mentions the.case, of a girl.who lived hear the Pyrenees and could hear the storms on the mountains before they reached the plain, and the sound of a horse's hoofs long before ho came insight., Certain diseases operate iii an analogous manner upon the senses; , and the. pretensions of mesmerism and animal magnetism lie in the same, direction, whether they, are or are not founded on fact.. j ..f , '!'"'",' \ A step beyond the exaggeration of ordinary faculties lies the. development of altogether extraordinary and unfamiliar ones ; and here experience is so small, the facts ure so hard to be observed,'and the evidence upon which they rest is so unsatisfactory, that we are very much in the dark, as to their true nature and bearing. The faculty of presentiment,- sympathies and antipathies for particular-peop'e, the power of second sight, the power of intui'ively perceiving what is passing in the minds of others, are the "sort .of abnormal' faculties which are said to exist- in t latent con- dition in men's minds, and to be occasionally exercised. The absolute denial bf the exis- tence of any such powers would, no doubt, be rash, inasmuch as we know hardly an y thin a of the constitution of tho soul ; but >he, prece-; ding observations go a long way to shew. that the evidence of their existence must always be unsatisfactory in the extreme. We can never tell how far such, cases may,not be simple in- stances of disturbance., of the aonses; compli- cated with a coincidence with some fact quite unconnected with it. We want a Hst of unful- filled presentiments, unjust sympathies/ and antipathies, - visions which did' not come true, i and intuitions which were ' 'false in fact, before weean judge of tho realimpor 'tance of such matters. - This department of the subject has been so little , illustrated that, we subjoin instances of! the kind which have occurred, .within.; our, own, observation. . .Two brothers, at., school were sitt.intr together ; ;the younger said that he would go fishing,'and the elder remained in-doors reading. , A.s ho sat, it was.suddenly borne upon his mind in the strongest manner, tint his brother had fallen into the river, and, was drowning. Ho resisted the impression for some timo, but could not overcome it,, .¡and- at. * last went .dat to ascertain the fact. 1 .-His brother was per- fectly safe. Again, a gentleman, who certainly is not remarkably for very sensitive- nerves, but' who interests 'himself in observing such phenomena as we are re- ferring to, is frequently, subject to the strongest impression of some evi', present or future,, im- pending ovor him. , Ho informs us that he never once found that thia feeling corresponded with anything whatever. With l'égard to sympathies and antipathies, love at first sight is the commonest and most romantic illustration. People do not like to ; confess how often lovo at .first, sight becomes hatred on batter acquaintance, hut the parable of ' Pendonnis and Miss Costigan is, we imagine, one of vory , wido application.. Vehomont citsiiul 'impulses of every kind' are sometimos rogardod as tho exertion of a sort of smtornotural energy, but thoy are far moro frequently, dangerous in the exti-onio. Tho well-known phenomenon of a ¡ panio terror aasailing largo bodies of men shown that such feelings aro irrational, and not the development of somo latent power of tho mind. It is very impotant, in relation .to all stories of wonders, to boar in mind the extreme diffi- culty of ascertaining tho real facts in reference to them, and we are hound tn say that as far as our oxperienco of medical books goes this is their woak point. M. do Bolsmont's work is a most , curious illustration of this. A groat proportion of the Btorios which he cites are np doubt well .authenticated, but very many of tho most extraordinary, may bo true,or muy be falso, but aro entirely unproved. Thus, for example, the mott wonderful of thom all relatos how Dr. Sigmond was told by Madam o Colmaohe that. she hud heard from her husband .(Tulleyrand's secretary) that Tal- leyrand had told him tho following story. In his early lifo he was in New York, and was about to ombark ona mercantile voyage with a M. Booumetz, who was his companion in exile. Whilst they were waiting for n wind, Buaumetz asked Talleyrand to como out for a walk, and led him down to tho Battery, talking in a vory excitod- manner., Suddonly, Talleyrand . '[ wus. for an instant gifted with an extraordinary light, and during a quick and vivid flash tho possible and tho truo was re- veal oil to him." Hp siiw by^lntuitlon that Beau metz-., meant to throw' him into ,tho sou and drown him* Ho taxed him w|th lt,, and Boan mótz'ndráltt^ bpen for days under on insano impulse to do sc Here" we havo'two step«".between Talloyrnhi ahd'DrrSigmond who tells the story, ana evei if it is correctly reported, it ultimately rests or tho authority of one of the moat systematic Han in Europe. Moreover, the whole point of th« story consists in what lay exclusively within his own knowledge. Beaumetz, the story tells us, recovered, and tho circumstance was never men- tioned between him and his friend again! Per- haps if it had.been, ho would hava said that thero was.not a word of truth in tho whole ac- count. ! It wilt bo observed that the slight and im- perfect enumeration given above of the different sorts of delusions which pervert tho operation I of the senses is simply an enumera'ion of the effects, and that it says nothing of onuses. The discussion of these is matter gather of medical : than of general interest, but the statement of effects produced upon the senses ? goes far to shew that the testimony of the - senses-is- nothing more than ovidenco from which the mind .deduces tho propo- sitions respecting the external world with which we are familiar. * It has been .customary to speak nf Berkeley's spéculations fas illustra- tions of theories confuted by experience and common sense. The fact/is, that experience and common sense are precisely the grounds upon which.^hey. rest.'.. What is opposed to them is a loose popular prejudice, founded, not" on the experience of many examples, but on the idle contemplation of a few taken at 'random. -The conclusions to which they point ' are'."some of thé" most important that can possibly be established ; and until -metaphysics aro studied with that belief in their importance and that exqui- site cloarness of thought which distinguished Berkeley, there will always be great danger that our scientific discoveries will land us in a slavish credulity and a superstitious reverence for mere material results for which the posses- sion of all the machinei in the world would ill repay mankind. -- --- ; - ; 