PRESENTED AT COURT. (Fwm the Liverpool Albion.) With some difficulty, we have persuaded an eyewitness to undertake the difficult task of giving us an original account of what he under went at the Volunteer Levee, on Wednesday last. He says : — We arrived in a hackney cab, about half-past eleven o'clock, being inspected as we enter the gates by a dense but very or derlv mob. who. it is evident desoite the snow, have sufficient taste to appreciate and admire us. Under the portico, where a Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we shiveringly stand criti cising tire numerous arrivals. The most con spicuous arc three portly individuals in scarlet coats, caps, brown belts, (fcc, the uniform being somewhat of a cross between that of a hnntsman and a postboy. Here, too, are fine stalwart fel lows in artillery uniform — riflemen of all shades, including some who, ignoring appearances, have added to their natural deformities by adopting knickerbockers and gaiters, and mostly wearing on their bolts what the Examiner descvibes as 'huge gilt silver plates, shining like -itars, and resembling coffin embellishments.' Con stantly passing, and looking on with interest, are young officers of the Guards, going to or re turning from duty, and nearly altogether lost to sight in knee boots, gray coats, and huge fir hats. Presently we are ushered into a monster tent, embracing the palace doors, strewed with sawdust, and large enough for an equestrian per formance. Here we parade for some minutes, endeavoring to keep ourselves warm. Presently, the artillery are directed to enter the palace. Bat such an entrance ! How crinolined dowagers accomplish the feat of getting in is a mystery. After inspection by the female domestics of tho palace, we gain the Lord Chamberlain's table, and upstairs we go, passing a number of ladies, who occupy an overlooking recess, and also ano ther recess, from whichseveral gorgeouslydressed inriiinrlmtlq ni-p snrvpvinrr t.hfi snf»nf» AVfi arrive at a landing, where the title of the county re presented by the Volunteers is most politely taken ; and, after gazing with admiration on the gigantic ' beefeaters,' enter a pretty large room, through which we pass into another partitioned off by a barrier, the windows of which look upon the gardens. At the request to ' uncover,' we immediately doff our beavers. Here we are marshalled according to the rank in the Army List, tho Hon. Mr Ponsonby courteously doing all in his power to adjust, the right man in the right place. But how close is tho atmosphere ! Longingly do we think of Mr Mackenzie and St. George^ Hall, where the air is always fresh and balmy. Timidly do we venture quietly to open a window, little by little, fearing the reproof of a gentleman-at-arms or a beefeater. How well are we rewarded by the fresh, chilly breeze which penetrates through the apartment ! Give us the pure air of the Polar regions rather than the miasma of the crowded palace ! Invigorated, we patiently stand, whilst others are forming in our rear. But, alas, ' forward !' is the command, and wo lose our open window, and symptoms known only to suf ferers by sea-sickness ensue. Mainly strive we against painful internal emotions. A retreat is inevitable. Desperate is tlie prospect, but we venture it. Through 2000 riflemen, forming the rear guard of patriotic devotees, we urge our way, admiring many, amused at others, and ridiculing few. Familiar faces abound. How delicious the air outside ! delightful the odour of sawdust ! Revivified, we re-enter the palace ; again we struggle through yielding riflemen (always courteously treated) until we reach our previous post ? in tune to obey the order to ad vance into the drawingroom, Hit: ncx.t apailmont to the Throne-room. Here we form four deep in three lines. Her Majesty is expected at 2.15 -two hours to wait ! The delay i3 not rendered more agreeable even by the musical quarters of a gilded clock. Tlie gentlemonat arms with their halberds, gilt helmets, nodding plumes, and topboots, soon pall upon the sight. Nature, already exhausted by the want of pure air. gives way. Rest must be had. But how 1 Brilliant idea ! What is a 'busby' good for Uut to sit down upon? An exhausted artil leryman sets the example, and ' busbies ' be come for the first time as useful as they are ornamental ; flattering were the enconiums on Mander and AHender, when the articles stood the strain. Here placidly do we wait, listening to Lanark expressing, in broad Scotch, great complaisance at its own appearance. How in debted do ghastly volunteeis feel to a Samaritan Scot, who produces from his pockets pilules of nux ! But what a delicious draught of fresh air. Everybody seems revived. Some adventurous artilleryman lias opened the upper sash of a win dow. The sensation that fresli air is necessary even to volunteers begins to prevail, and eager is the struggle to obtain it. Tho successful par ties, not content with a limited supply, open tho lower ss.sh, and thrusting their necks out, they imbibo life-giving draughts. Vainly do those in the immediate vicinity complain of the bitter and snow-mingled blasts ; they are overpowered by tne murmurs 01 reuei irom the mass. The most acute sufferers re main, squatted, a la Turk, under the window, inhaling with gusto the frosty blasts from the garden, and warmed in the rear by the out-going heat. Presently carriages are seen over the hedges in front, then the Life Guards, and, preceded and followed by several others, conies the Royal carriage, drawn by two cream colored horses, which evidently are unaccus tomed to speed. They draw up at the portico, and how we do pity the unfortunate coachman and grooms, who, notwithstanding tlieir beauti ful pink stockings, gold laced coats, and swords, appear in a frozen condition. Dismal do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for her Majesty's return. But hark !— the tlirone-room doors open. Her Majesty is prepared to greet her loyal volunteers. The stream pours in, and, as we advance to the Presence-chamber those who had already been presented file out, looking like 'Banquos ghosts.' With solemn step and downcast eye, their appearance is rather that of men who have been stunned by a sudden sentence than of loyal subjects who havo attained an earnestly sought for honor. But our turn comes, and we advance in single file, obeying the orders of the officials, 'Slowly, gentlemen, slowly,- no hurry—no crowding,' until, passing the file of LordLieu tenants, wo cast our eyes upon the unmistake able figure of the Queen, standing in the midst of tho line of figures, witb. a crowded semi circular in front of her, through which, we have to file Nervousness does not overcome us, but, though we deliberately make a 'left face' and bow to the Queen, 'we overlook, owing, we pre sume to tlie dimness of the light, to our regret, the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, a Royal Princess, and the Duke of Cambridge. But we fortunately escape the contretemps which hap pens to auotner oracer, wuu, 111 w=- u^w ? ?» tion to do the thing, steps so far back as to damage a dowager's corns, and start an excru ciating titter. We plead guilty to not having overlooked the charming blue eyes of a noble lady of honor who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass out we look upon a large pen full of riflemen, dressed in all the colors of the rain bow, conspicuous among them being some Oor nishmen, dressed like Mr W. Lairds coal carters, in lively mauve coats, with hidi turned down collars, slashed with scarlet. Much were they being 'chaffed,' and many were the m terogatories, whether they had taken off their coats for coolness, ? , In the court yard we find the Guards band playing. Passing the gateway, where tlie Guards present arms to the volunteer field officers, we find the street densely crowded, notwithstand ing the sno«r. with spectators, and carnages filled with ladies. Every soldier we pass salutes us, at which we are excessively pleased, fkUer jn'r ourselves that our appearance is decidedly martial, if not to the manner bdvn. Next morning we look anxiously for papers, ambitious of seeing our names in print, but dis gusted when we see it cut in two, and a loiter, dropped out, so aa to render it not only very uuv recognisable, but ridiculous in sound. 