OPENING OF THE NEWTOWN WESLEYAN CHAPEL. i is now Wesleyan Chapel lately erected at Newtown, was publicly opened for worship on Thursday last, by religious services, which were held in the morning and evening. The Rev. JOHN Eaor.«sTOH, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, conducted the morning service and selected for the lesson of the day the chapter in the Book of Kings descriptive of Solomon's dedication of the Temple, and the 3rd chapter of Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, from the 7th and four following verses, of which chapter he afterwards preached. After describing in a few words the object of their meeting together in that sanctuary, namely, to dedicate it to the Divine service, the preacher proceeded to speak of the institution of a Gospel ministry, whose members, he said, were the ambassadors of Christ to a rebel world. The Christian ministry was into mainly connected with the Christian scheme, and was designed by Divine Providence to promote the welfare of the Church, and to extend the Kingdom of Christ. It was usual when dedicating a sanctuary to God, to direct attention to those leading ideas such a building was calculated to inspire. Those ideas were embodied in the text, wherein they were instructed concerning the Divine ordinance of the ministry, the qualifications of that ministry, the great subject which that ministry should exhibit, and the leading designs for which it was established. The text might be divided into three parts first, the views suggested with reference to a Gospel ministry ; secondly, the leading truths which that ministry was designed to exhibit to the world, and thirdly, the great and glorious designs intended by Providence in carrying out the Christian Scheme. The text suggested that the Christian ministry was a Divine ordinance, and St. Paul referred I to the condescension of God in selecting and employing him in this great work. He deemed it an act of distinguishing favour to be thus set apart to preach the Gospel of Christ. God had determined there should be men set apart for this work and in the following chapter the Apostle suggested the same idea, when he said, after speaking of Christ as having led captivity captive, and received gifts of men, " He gave some apostles, and some pro- perty, and some evangelists, and some pastors and teachers, for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ " The ministerial office could only be undertaken by Divine appointment ¡ and this was evident when they considered the peculiar relations of the ministerial office to God and men. They were Ambassadors for Christ," and a sovereign had an inalienable right to determine the individuals who should be employed as his ambassadors. The peculiar function of the ministry was to preach Christ crucified. Since sacrifices had ceased, Christ himself having accomplished his own service for all mankind, the ministry had been BOM forth to proclaim his love, that minds might be enlightened, hearts softened and subdued, and Bonis saved. The saving ordinances of the sanctuary could only be profitable as the truths they embodied were understood, appre wanted, and accepted. that it should be remembered that the sanctification of the spirit was accomplished by belief in the man, and the work of the ministry was " by the manifestation of the truth to commend themselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God." Before a minister could engage in his great work, he must be divinely qualified. He must have personal piety, a believing soul, reconciliation with God, and a divine illumination of the understanding. The Apostles, who laid the foundation of Christian doctrine, received the truth from Christ himself to qualify them for their work. Paul urged the people to pray that God's anointing might rest upon him continually, since such anointing would assist his understanding in the perception of truth and give him power to proclaim it to the congregation. Natural gifts were necessary to a minister, such as the power of thinking and speaking clearly, but they were not the only qualifications. There must be the anointing of the spirit in answer to prayer, of the word would not accomplish its end. Paul said of his own preaching that it came not in word only, but in power, and in the Holy Ghost." And further for the more effectual preaching of the Word, the congregation must be earnest in prayer for the demonstration of the Spirit under the ministry of the Word. The design of the Christian scheme was to accomplish human redemption, and to declare to nil intelligences the manifest wisdom of Owl. The ministry were to preach the unsearchable riches of Christ." Paul said that he was determined to know nothing among men " save Jesus Christ and him crucified ;" and to the Galatians he wrote " God forbid that I should glory save in the cross of my Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified to me, and I unto the world." The Christian scheme had been devised by God that there might be made known through the Church unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places, the manifold wisdom of God. The scheme of redemption entered originally into the all-comprehensive plan of God, and was designed to illustrate his manifold wisdom. Allusion was made to this subject when Paul said that Christ was exalted above all principalities and powers. The hosts of heaven were witnesses of his triumphant ascension to heaven. They were associated with the CbrlBtlan scheme-their instruction was one design of Providence in creating the world and redeeming man. The Bible was full of indications of the interest taken by angels in this scheme from the beginning, and the history of the Redeemer was associated with their visits. In conclusion, the preacher said that, if the Christian scheme was so extensive in its designs of the angels were ministering spirits on earth, interested in the work of human salvation-how fearfully ungrateful was that person who, fitting under the sound of the Gospel, was yet not realising the blessings of saving grace But the Church, whilst providing additional accommodation for immortal spirits, and putting into operation every agency to bring the world to the knowledge of God, was fulfilling the purposes of Divine Wisdom, and affording an interesting spectacled principalities in heavenly places. The preacher concluded by making an appeal to the liberality of the congregation on behalf of the now building. The Chapel on this occasion was filled t with a congregation of attentive hearers, many of whom had come from Sydney, and a few from Maitland. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. W. Cuthbert- son, who preached from Haggar, ii, 7.-" And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come and I will fill this House with glory, saith the Lord of Hosts. The rev. gentleman commenced by remarking that this prophecy was given for the purpose of stimulating and encouraging the Jews to rebuild the temple. A gorgeous temple had at an earlier date been built by Solomon ; but owing to the rebellions of the Israelites it was, four hundred and fifty years after its erection, overthrown, and they were taken into captivity by the Babylonians But on their return to their own country their spiritual necessities led them to speak one to another of the desirability of rebuilding the temple, and thereby symbolising the peculiar presence amongst them of the Deity they worshipped. But when they began to build, those who remembered the grandeur of the firsttcmplcweptin very pity at the contrast, and others again sought to stay the work by the utterance of scorn and sarcasm. It was at this juncture mat God interfered, and by Hit prophet told the Jews not to succumb, promising that success should be theirs, 'They were told that He whom their own nation desired would come within their temple, and would give it a higher consecration than that which took place at the building of the first temple. Co-The first subject which the text Suggested was The preparatory commotion-" the shaking of all nations." The writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews said that this promise had, so far as it related to earth, been fulfilled, but that the fulfilment of the great promise, that relating to Heaven, was still to take place, The preacher proceeded to show that such a commotion as was here promised, was in perfect harmony with all God's dealings with man in the advancement of His own kingdom, and that all the history of the world had been leading up to the cross of Christ, and was only of importance as connected with that work. This relation threw a light upon the nature of spiritual religion, every other event being as nothing compared with the living unto God, and the working for Jesus Christ. There had been a necessary preparation amongst the Jewish and the Gentile nations for the advent of the Redeemer ; empires that had been founded in entire opposition to God's revealed will, had been dashed to the ground, never to rise again. II The second point suggested was, The glorious advent-" The desire of all nations shall come." And here it might be asked, how was it that he was here so de scribed who in another place was said to have " no beauty that we should desire him," and who, on taking human flesh, was treated with contumely and scorn I He would answer that the words were literally correct with regard to such as those who were found in the temple, waiting for the coming of the Messiah, He was also waited for by the Gentile nations, for even in those countries where there was but little intellectual culture there were hearts sighing for something greater than they know. It might also be said that those nations, because of their were no casualties and their spiritual death, were waiting for Christ, there being in the deepest part of their hearts a dissatisfaction with their own religion, and there being important questions which they could not answer. It was a spiritual necessity to such that God should be revealed in His Son as ready and willing to pardon guilt, and as also-in opposition to the impure and malignant deities they were worshipping - a fountain of holi- ness, and yet at the same time not being man, but loving him and seeking to save him. The grand morality that Christ revealed made him the desire of all nations. The suggestions that would constantly arise as to whether there was any existence after death were set at rest by His bringing light and immortality to life by the Gospel. It was often asked why, if the advent of Christ was so deeply needed and desired, did He not come as soon as Adam had sinned ' But,, though it was not for us to answer this, it might be suggested that one reason why centuries had been permitted to elapse between the fall of Adam and the coming of Christ, was to show that, until God was acknowledged among men as their sovereign, there must be discontent and misery that they might try every form of Government and every organisation of society, but that thcywouldfailintheirattempteuntilHowasrocognisedandoooyed 11 The third point to be noticed was the glory that was to remit from this advent. One truth plainly taught by this subject was, the superiority of spiritual things over all material grandeur and splendour. There was no doubt a vivid contrast between the gorgeousness of the first temple and the plainness of the weona ; but all that gorgeousness was outweighed by the moral splendour of the house which was honoured by the presence of the son of God. The two. temples were typical of the two dispensations, the one being merely temporary and local, while the other was permanent and universal. Both of these ' temples had passed away, and the rapturous Idea presented itself that this earth with all its beauty was but a temple of God and we thought of the time when this temple having done all that was intended, should be cast down, because all should be merged in the one grand temple. The preacher concluded by a personal application of the subject, and by an appeal to the Christian lib a rally of the congregation in connexion with the department or the cost of the new chapel. The attendance was large, though not loquacious as at the morning service, owing to the more mency of the weather. .... , _,« at I he new Wesleyan Chapel is situated in the centre of Newtown, and is certainly the most striking feature in that rising and already populous suburb its attractive appearance as seen from the Sydney road being universally remarked. The places of worship built by the Wesleyan body both about Sydney and in other parts of the colony are as conspicuous for their architectural beauty as for the rapid succession in which they ride. It may be considered no easy task to adapt the complications of Gothic architecture to the proverbially sober tastes of the Wesleyan Methodists, and to the extremely simple requirements of their form of worship in addition to which architects are often restrained in carrying out their plans by the unreasonable but peremptory dictates of trustees or committees. It must be admitted that in the edifice just erected the difficulties referred to have been successfully overcome. The model of the Newtown Chapel may be pronounced one that combines thorough suitability as nWcsltvan place of worship with considerable architectural beauty and it has, on that account, with more or less alteration in its details, been extensively adopted in England by the Wesleyan Mtthodisfconnexton. It is not improbable, nor, perhaps, under i drable, that so excellent a model may be adopted generally by this body in the erection of their new chapels, and serve lit piece of a I (superscription to indicate the denomination to which they belong in which case that style of building would in course of time In endeared to Wesleyans, from being associated with their dtsduo live religious organisation. One advantage of adopting such a model if that the details may be altered in almost endless variety so as to give to each structure a distinct individuality, while preserving at the same time unity In the design. The additions to the model introduced by the architect of the Newtown ottapol are decided improvements, and have contributed to the greater utility and beauty of the edifice. The Newtown chapel is of the Decorated style of Gothic arch torture, and is built of white brick upon stone foundations, and with stone dressings. Its length is seventy-eight feet inside, and its width forty-eight feet the coming in forty-six felt high, and the side walls thirty feet. In the front there are a centre and two side doors ; above these are three windows, the central window being very large, and decorated with elaborate and graceful stone tracery. 'Above this in the centre of Bro gable, is a triangular aperture, arched and cusped ; its main object is to afford ventilation to the roof, but the moulding is not suffer picture sold for its subordinate purpose-that or relieving the space above the central window. Two massive buttresses, rising on either side of the central door, support the front ; these, on reaching the side of the gable terminate in angular turrets capped with mouldings and battlements. The moulding of the gable is very rich, and its point is finished with a turret, which is decorated with gables, rockets, and bosses, and terminates in a finial. The height of the turret from the ground is seventy- five feet. The side walls are finished by a perforated stone parapet, the graceful design of which, together with the chaste moulding enclosing it, produces a very pleasing effect. The sides of the church are divided by projecting buttresses corresponding with those at the corners of the building, into five bays, the windows in which are lancet headed with stone mullions and tracery. Below these is a neat string course which runs round the building and connects the opening of the arches over the front door, and also faces a label round the mouldings. The roof is slated, and the ridge-pole ornamented with small leaden brackets, which present a very tasteful fringe. "The interior arrangements are well studied and appropriate, tho whole of the fittings being of cedar. Within the central entrance a small vestibule is enclosed by a handsome cedar screen, and leads to the chapel through spring doors. The pews have sloping backs and are of comfortable width ; they are without doors, but the stalk ends are neatly panelled, and are flnUuod with carved finials. The pulpit and pulpit stairs, reading than, und communion railing are Very creditable pieces of workman- ship; they are relieved with arches and tracery to correspond with the other portions of the building, but have no redundant or useless ornament. The reading desk is squire, and opposite too heavy for the light octagonal pulpit above, and might navan tageously be removed, if not absolutely required for conducting a Liturgical service. The communion railing is semi octagonal, and is terminated with a handsome sewer at each end. The roof is of bold design, having a clear span of forty feet, without the beam or support from pillars, being constructed with four framed timber principals, which are ornamented with spurs and carved bosses. In order to prevent any loss of sound through the loftiness of the roof (so frequently complained of in Gothic churches) the roof is not left open, but a bearded across at the height of the collar ties; the timber is stained and varnished, and although somewhat interfering with the proper effect of a gothic interior, the plan adopted I", perhaps the most suitable substitute for an open roof. The flat portion of the ceiling is tastefully perforate' d between the principals, and the space above receiving a constant current of air from a window in each gable, ample ventilation is afforded. The plastering of the interior walls is finished with rough stucco, and painted in imitation of stone. At present there are no galleries, but the building is designed with a view to the future addition of these ; their erection is indeed necessary for the harmony of the design. The body of the chapel will seat about six hundred, and the galleries will, when added, hold three hundred and eighty persons. The Interior is at present lighted by candles placed on standards along the centre, and on brackets from the sides ; but preparations have been made for the substitution of gas, upon the completion of the pipes to Newtown, which is expected in the course of two or three months. The architect for the chapel was Mr. G. A. Mansfield. The contract for the entire work was taken by Mr. T. Abbott. The stone work was carried on under the superintendence of Mr. J. Paterson, and the brickwork under that of Mr. H. Grace. The greater portion of the carving was the work of Mr. A. Murray; and the carpentering and joining were carried on under the direction of Messrs. Jones and Armitage. The entire cost of the chapel is about £1000. The collections after the services on Thursday amounted to £150 in the morning, and £51 in the evening. 