ST JAMES CHURCH, CARCOAR The ceremony of laying the Foundation stone of the new Presbyterian Church, at Carcoar came off on Tuesday last, under very favourable circumstances. ' The proceedings of the day commenced by Divine Services in the Court house, (the use of which had been politely granted by the Police Magistrate, O. C. Boardman Esq.,) at Eleven' o'clock, cond ucted by the Rev. James B. Laughton. Hepreached an appropriate sermon from 1 Cor. x. 31. After the sermon and prayers Mr Laughton invited the congregation to proceed to the Church ground, where the service was concluded. The Reverand, accompanied by the Rev. James Adam and by Messrs. Loudon, Kerr and Cathir, Trustees of the Church, then moved in procession to the Church ground, followed by the members of the congregation, and a considerable number of persons of other denominations, several of whom had come from considerable distances. The assemblage, for a small country township, was numerous and highly respectable The Church grounds is on a beautiful slope on the east side of Coombing street and north side of Icelay Street, names which preserve to posterity the memory of the gentlemen Thomas Icely, Esq., of Coombing Park, to whose influence the town of Carcoar owes its origin, and who it may be added, has contributed very handsomely to tho proposed church. On the upper part of the slope, the foundation of the Church had been excavated by Mr. Plummer, of Bathurst, the peculiar nature of the soil having rendered it a tedious and expensive work. On the highest corner of the excavations had been hoisted the Union Jack. reminding the assembly of their connection with the British Empire and additional greatness of which is fairly favourable to its national religious Institutions, and the circulation of the Holy Scriptures. The proceedings on the Ground were commenced by the Rev. James Adam, who read the Psalm and offered a most impressive prayer. Mr. Adam then addressed the assembly, in the following terms; — Ladies and Gentlemen, — On the return of Almighty issued a command towards rebuilding the temple, which Nebudhadazzar had laid in ruins seventy years before. ' Who of them has uttered Heaven's oracle among you all his people? His God be with him and let him go up to Jerusalem and build the house of the Lord God cf Israel.' At this the Israelites startedd up and immediately laid the foundation of the temple. But eighteen years passed by before that any attempt was made to raise the wall' and construct them to the praises of the about founding buildings, ceiling and garnishing houses for themselves. They laid out territories and planted their vines and olives. They took in theirr wastelands and sowed them in abundance. Their whole energies were directed in providing for their animal nature, drink, meat and rainment. They prepared ....... in the memory which they beagb to amass. They thus went on till the word of of the Lord given to them by Haggai, saying,. 'Is it time. O ye to dwell in your ceiled houses and this house of waste? Now therefore, thus saith the Lord of hosts, consider your ways. Ye have sown much and bring in little. We have but heavn enough ; ye drink but little. He clothes you but there is no more warmth. And he that garneth wares, garneth wages to put it into a bag with holes. Thus saith tho Lord of hosts. 'Consider your ways. Go up to the mountain, and bring wood' and build thou's house. Ye looked for much, and lo it comes to little. And when ye brought it home, I did because of mine house that is waste. And ye run every man unto his own house. There fore the heavenn over you is stayed from dew and the carts is stayed from her fruit.' The circumstances of many who have come to this neighbourhood are very similar to those of the Jews that we have now been noticing, and the same message, therefore applies unto them. They purchase land,build houses, and make money. They lay up stores for themselves and their families for many days to come. They eat, drink, and make merry. They also appear to be very often cast upon the narrow vorge of time, but never once to boe thrown upon tho boundless scenes of the miseryand happiness of an eternal world.*, They will tell you as of man told of the other day, of their numerous flocks and herds, and of the places of their ground, but when you place before them a list of subscriptions towards theerection of a place in which the Almighty isthe object of worship,they will with the utmost barafacedness declare to you thoir inability to afford any aid for such a purpose. ''You 'will not surely have the bad taste, replies another to ask one to assist in building a Chnurch which is at such a distance from him. A third, from some party foeling, or worldly motive will unot give so much as one total of all his earnings, or put forth a single effort for the advancement of Heaven's cause. His uncharitablefeelings and love of worldlv goods cramp the mortal energies and chill his higher nature. Whilst many more spend every free bit of their hard earned wages in the indulgence of their animal proponsities. Oh poor infatuated wretches, they are working out the ......... of their money-bags will soon be full of holes, and their riches long will take over their wings and will fly away. Those who may let us put our ceiled houses and we think of meeting churches and getting pastors and ministers will very likely get hell and misery before they reach Heaven and happinoss. It is very pleasing to find amongst the paeople of Carcoar and in its neighbourhood, some honourable exceptions to this most despicable class and tomeet with men of dis interestedness— men who are not swayed by party or denominational feeling — men who arc activated by the clarity that never fadleeth and rejoice in the opportunity afforded them of rendering assistance in any way towards the building of a house for the living God— men who enjoy the luxury of being and doing good. \- men whose highest aim is to relieve the pained, to heal the diseased, to support and soothoe tho sorrowful ; to provide and apply remedies for the afflictions of the body, and to soet forth for the acceptance of every one a balm for the maladies of the soul — a refuge from the avengerof blood, a father, a friend, the influence' :ind-'patrori:igo of such men, our schools have beon built ; see yonder how our hospitals are rising ; and hero on the very spot wherabouts now stand another Church ? another nursery for Heaven is this day to be founded. And. if our country is to boe preserved from anarchy and our nation elevated ; if a real blessing is to be conferred upon our children and our happiness perpetuated to unborn generations, our churches must be increased and our'pastors and ministers mul tiplied, woe must have men of Heavenly zeal who will go forth amidst the highways and hedges, and compel the straying to come in to the Gospel feast— men of God-like affection who will visit the sick, the dying, and the afflicted, and causae the irresistible force of kindness to circulate at large among their families — men who will scatter along the path of their exertions all the blessings of order and contentment and sobriety — men clothed with salvation who by fearlessly declaring the wrath of God against all unrighteousness and announcing the glad tidings published by Christ, and his followers will cause every idol to be thrown to the moles and to the bats, make iniquity hide its face and send a thrill of perennial bliss through erery heart and home. And if such men are necesreary for tho accom plishment of those sublime ends, so also are suitable edifices -where they from time to time may meet with the worshippers of teo Groat King. Such a building is the one which we have this day assembled to found. To it will yet be seen pilgrims of every description coming to obtain remedies for all their diseases; tho blind to receive their sight, the deaf to goet their oars unstopped, and the dumb to have their tongues loosened.' Here, to the Father of thoe faithful and the God of his Church in all its members are to come the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow ; the rich and the poor, the young and the old. Here babes are to be fed with the pure milk of the word and strong men are to partake of the provision wliich the King of Zion has been pleased to make. In this place woe likewise anticipate walking upon one of the most delectable mountains of all Zion leaning upon the arm of our beloved, whilst sitting under the shadow of Jehovah with' sycit delight, whilst -)iU fruit is sy.-net unto our t.vitrt. In nhort we lrtok fnr iyar.1 to the blcs«hd. tlmo when we will have the c'xaltcd privilege of sitting in the Lord's house around his own table, eating of his children's broead and drinking of the' wine of his kingdom. A house for such sould may in deed well make us strain every nerve and use all possible endeavours to erect its walls and consecrate them to the Heavern of Prayer ; cause seraphim and cherubim to take up their golden harps and pour forth tleir loudest and most joyous strains ; and dispose the great' I to bend his blue heavens and dwell in the midst of us. This day's proceedings must be very cheering to our Brother who has come the foundation stone of our Church. The stone which we are now about to lay was preserved byhim nearly two years ago, and the considerable sum of 200 pounds was collected by him towards the erection of the building. But however under the all-wise and graciuos Provvidence of Heaven took a turn different from what was then anticipated. He was called to labour in another part of the Lord's vineyard and the House wlnch is now to be founded, was thus allowed to remain without na builder. A Paul plants; and an Apollus waters. One labourer commences a good work nnd another comes to finish it. But whatever the part which each pe Great Husbandian will reward every man according to his labour, ? ?'' What a man soweth, that shall he reap also spiringlvy" Since we began to raisie additional funds, we have often been cheered by the hearty manner with which subscriptions have been given to us. The readiness and frankness of those who have thus contri buted, have far mooe than counterbalanced the apathy of those whose hearts arc steeled against the cause Heaven. The largest sums have been given unasked for and have been iobtainod of course from those who believe the Bible when it teaches us that the Lord loveth the cheerful giver. On the list of sub scribers are the names of individuals from every evangelical denomination. As in the Apocalyptic scenes when the redeemed of all nations and kindred and people and tongues' are represented as blending together their spirits in praising the Almighty, so would our subscription list seem to prove that various sects on earth can unite in glorifying the one true and living God, In conclusion loet us now be strong, courageous and united, let us join the cords of Zion by laying tho foundation and building the walls of the House of Prayer. God's promise by Haggthe prophet unto Zerubbair concerning the temple at Jerusalem, will if we are diligent and faithful be realised by us. ' I will take pleasure in it and I will be glorified saith the Lord, and we cannot please God nor bring glory to him without at the same time receiving some drops of a Heavenlyy shower upon our own souls. Till the chilling dews of death begin to full upon- our brow and our eyes open upon Immmanuel's land where, there will be no more any needd of word and ordinances, but where wo shall see God face to face, let it be now and forever our fervent prayer that its pulpit may never 'want one who with clean hands and a pure heart, will faithfully declare the promises and threatanings of Jehovah, that its pews may never be without a 'willing people ' — that many sons and daughters may be born in it to the Lord — that all who cross its threshold may bu admitted within the pearly gates of the New Jerusalem The Rev. Mr. Laughton then advanced, and commenced the ceromony by depositing in a chamber cut in the lower surface of the stone, a tin case containing two glass bottles, within which were enclosod several coins of the realm, copies of the Bathurst Free Press and of the Bathurst Times of tho last issues, (April 28th,) a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald of the 27th April ; a copy of the Glasgow Sentinel of January 14th 1860 ; a copy of Thomsons' Western Districts' Almanac for 1860 and This document is dispatched with the Foundation stone of a Presbyterian Church under the juris diction of the Synod of Australia in connection with the Free Church of Scotland, to be designated ST JAMES CHURCH, Carcoar. This stone was laid laid on Tuesday 1st May in the year of our Lord Eighteen hundred & Sixty by Rev Laughton, Reverand Adam. M.A. binUUraf tlu irPi,-r Lnrhltnan-i Cmoar. in «' ... '{tontlhtMrd In the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria of Great Britain & Ireland United. Kingdom of Oriat Jlritam and Irtlaml and ? 'h'Pol- nUsaflhe »«!««. Quum, DcAnder of thr Faith ? : MiJixctlhnci/.Sir IVilliam Thmna, Pmimn, Knilht being Governor-General of her Majesty's Aus ; the Rev. John Dougall, Minister of St. Andrew's Church, Sydney Moderator of the Synod of Australia. John Loudon, James Kerr, John Cather, Williamm Stewart. List of coins under the Stone - Australian half sovereign, half crown, shilling, sixpence, penny, halfpenny, farthing and half-farhing. Mr John Lemdan, in the name of the Trustees then handed a trowel to Mr Laughton requesting to have the goodness to lay the stone. The Rev gentleman accordingly spread the mortar on the bed prepared for it, and the stone was then eased down by the workmen into its permanent place. Tho stone having been duly adjusted,and its true level ascer tained, Mr. Laughton struck it three times with a mallet saying "I lay this stone as the Foundation stone of a Presbyterian Church under the jurisdiction of the ''Synod of Aus- tralia, in connection with the Established Church of Scotland ", to be designated "St James' Church,- Carcoar,'' in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. " The Revv. Gentleman then mounted the stone, a cubical block of grauite, of 2 1/2 foot square, and briefly addressed thoe assembly. After what they, had already heard that day, he would be guilty of bad taste were he to detain them by any lengthened remarks, but he could not de prive himself ot the pleasure of expressing the living satisfaction which he felt on that occa sion. The identical stone on which he was then standing, had been procured for the purpose nearly ten years ago, but had lain idle ever since. He now rojoiced to see it applied to the purpose for which it had originally been hewn from the quarry. He congratulated his friend and brother Mr. Adam on this auspici ous commencement of an undertaking which he had so much at heart. He would not occupy their time by any remarks on the general subject of Church building, every thing neces sary having been already said by his brother who had preceded him. It was his fervent prayer that tho Church might be speedily, completed, and that it might boe said of this little town, "this man and that man was born there." Mr. Laughton then gave out the doxology "Salvation and immortal & c," in the singing of which, thoe whole assembly joined with heart and voice. The assembly were then invited to deposit their offerings upon the stone. The handsome sum of £16 was thus collected ; and several sums subsequently received, made up the amount of £17 10s. The solemn ceremony was closod by the Apostolic Benediction being pronounced by the Rev. J. Adam. 