NED RiAYMOND: A TALE OF T?IE BOTTLE. BY O. 5. i. (Continued from our last.) JOY AND ORIEF. " Where is your son Dan?" demanded the chief constable, addressing Roskeane. "The boy has been gone from home-" began Mrs. Roskeane, taking the lesponsibility of replying off her husband's shoulders, a common practice of her's. " Silence, woman !" interrupted the chief constable; "you, Roskeane; where is your son Dan ?" "Dani is it?" re-interrogated Rosheane, from his old seat in the corner, his pipe in one hand, and throwing into his ill-favored phy s:io?omy that look of guileless innocence and half wittedness so well assumed by the Irish, and so puzzling unless the individual is well known to those who have to deal with him. "Yes, Dan. Where is he; what part of the country did lie go to?" " Divil a know know I where le's gone; have ye been after seein' him lately ?" "Why should I ask you if I knew ? Do you know ? that's my question." "Faix, Mr. Constable, I've been sore troubled av' late in me mind, by the rhennmatiz in me head this winter, an' me mim'ry is failin', an' me onld limbs is full av aches and pains, an' it's not able to do i hand's turn about the place-" " Sure yis sir," interposed Mirs. Roskeane, " Ptther is not the boy he was wanst-ns ac tive an' sprightly a lad as iver-but won't yez be afther takin' a cup o'tay? quick Norah, alannah, git the tay tittle." " Mother, thim's polis," whispered Norabh, placing her finger on her lips. "Whist; niver you mind, do as I bid ye." "They're afther Jim, not Dan- it's a mis take." " IIould yo're whist, I toll ye," fiercely replied the mother. But the chief constable had not forgotten Norah or the letter alluded to by Jim in his ravings, which letter the lawyer mentioned in his communication as undoubtedly, a document of importance. " Your name is Norah, my girl, isn't it?" said lie, turning from Roskeane, whom he could deal with at another time. "Anan," was the only reply, and Norah shrank behind her mother. " Come here, I won't hurt you. Where's the letter?" Norah's eyes dilated, and stepping fear lessly a pace fbrward, she said, laying her hand on the chief constable's arm, "It's not Dan yez want, it's Jim ?" "'The poorl child, Mr. Chafe--" "Silence I say, woman, or I'll send you outside. Yes, my girl, we want Jim." "Thin yez will hang him, won't yez? yis, hang him ; do hang Jim. Dan ye can niver hung !" As she said these last words, she drew her self up with a strange sort of dignity. " .os, perhaps we'll hang Jim," replied the chief constable, half smiling at the strange mode of soothing he was obliged to adopt. "Where's the letter you have about Jim ?" "The lettherl? Yis, the number sivin is in the letther; sivin-sivin white hins. Iow well, mother, I remimber the sivin w~hite wans." " But let us look at the letter, that's a good girl ; give it to me." " Sure ye know, the letther will hang him," half whispered the poor girl. " Take that woman inside there, and make her keep silence," said the chief constable, Mrs. Roskeano having made one or two at tempts to interrupt and intimidate her daugh ter. " Now, where's the letter ?" " Allnan," replied Norah, sinking into her usual state of idiotcy. The chief constable scarcely knew what steps he shollll0 take with tile girl, so as to olbain the letter without a search, which might prove long and fruitless. In his per plexity a happy thought entered his mind. "' That letter 1 know will hang Jim if you give it to me, and it will hang Dan also." The last words roused Norah agairi. " Iang Dan ? Niver " It will lhang Jim ! I know the letther niver, niver, can hang me darlint Dan !" " I think it will; I'm sure it will. Look again and you'll find I'm right." Niver; sivin's in it to hang Jim." " Shew me the letter and I'll believe you." "Show yo the lotther is it? Thin will ye toll me av it will hang Dan ?" "Yes I will." " Come thin; come an." Norah triplped to the door, closely followed by the officer, who signed to his men to re main where they were, while the wretched mother burst into cries of rago and grief, al ternately supplicating. then threatening, with awful curses, her daughter, if she gave up the much dreaded letter. iNoraa tooik ihor way into toe hush unmind ful of either prayers or threats, and, dark as the night was, sped on at a rate that caused the stout chief constable no small inconven ience. Only once she paused, half turning towards him, holding up her finger in a warn ing manner, and saying " l ind-yeu niver can hurt a hair on Dan's head." They gained the spot where the ruffians Tomn and Jimn had ilogged her, and up the next tree to the sapling they had bound her to she began to climb with opossum like agil ity, until she was able to reach her hand inlto ono of those circular cavities so fruquently found in large gnum trees. After a little rumn mnagiln ang aog dry leaves and hark, lsh drew forth the letter, descended as nilmbly as she had asciended, alighting anlmost in the chiie constaule's ari.m, who was ready to seiz upon thm coveted missive in thei event of nv Icre lc tiniic being- shown to parting with it. Th ere was no necessity, Ilowevcr, for violence, thin innocent girl instantly tiiriiing round and tri niiiphantly placing it iln his hand, saying, Louk -there it is-it nIiver cain ban Dann! " Tihe chief coristablh eagerly grasped the letter, aid upohi his return to the hut, care fully ascertained thait he liutl osession of the true doei nnie, which Ih thel seerUlyv towed away in his salest pocket. We need not detail the subsequent proceed ings of the chief constable on that night; suflice it to say, the Roskeane family were safely lodged in snug quarters similar to those occupied Iby Tom. Rumnour, of course, was busy ; and a thou sand stories were afloat of all possible and im possile natures concerning the discovery of the true murderers. The first magisterial investigation resulted in the discharge of Norah, and the remand of Roskeane, his wife, and Tom, until Slack, if he recovered friom the blow Tom gave him, and Jim were also present. A few words about Swiller. On the day succeeding the night upon which the Ros kennes were arrested, that worthy individual privately disposed of the whole of his property and stock-in-trade, at a far smaller sacrifice than the urgent necessity for the sale warranted; and the next morning those "early birds who got the first ' ball,' " were exceedingly surprised and much disappointed, when, after hammerin-e at the door, and cursing him for a lie-a-'led, they found mine host was the earlier bird of all, and had flown no one knew whither. From that day he, or Mary, his pretty housekeeper, were never heard of by any person belonging to that part of the country. Old Jack g-,t a correct account from the chief constable, of the discoveries so far made; but with a caution not to say much in public, as the ends of justice mhight be frustrated by so doing. Buoyed with holoe, he set forth, soon after the close of the examination before the bench, for the farms, to pour his joyful tidings into the ears of the grieving wife, sister, and friends who were as yet in ignorance of the providential turn affairs had taken in favour of Ned. Bessie, day by day slowly regaining her strength, was sitting on the bench, or rough form, that stood against the slab wall outside the but door, inhaling the soft breeze of the young spring, which gently camne, laden with the sweet perfmnne of the blossoming wattle. Mrs. Benson, who passed almost all her time in attending upon her invalid daughter, and nursing hler little gracndson, stood by, with arms folded under her apron, telling Bessie how hearty she began to look again, and that she would soon be about as well as ever; mere words of intended comfort, for poor Bessie was but the ghost of her former self. Her pale fthee had grown very thin, but not the less beautifuil for the loss of the roses that in happier days mantled upon and adorned her cheeks, the blue veins in her temples and delicate bands, were distinctly visible through the white transparent skin ; and her sad, sor rowfil eyes - they were lovely, clear as crystal, and mild, resigned, and mournful as those of Ned's good angel. Annie was on the.rise before mentioned, which commanded a view of the road and crossing place, busy pegging on to the clothes' line some articles of female attire, when her attention was arrested by an approaching horsnseman, who had caught sight of her, and was waving a red handkerchief, while le aured the heavy cart horse he was riding into a lumbering canter. ' ough the distance was considerable, Annie recognized her father. His unusual style of approach be to?kened news; good news she felt sure. With a beating heart, and almost breathless, she ran to the cottage, her first impulsebeing to cry out, " News ! good news !" but she checked herself, and merely said, in an ex cited manner, " Father is coming; I must got him some refreshment," then passed in ; Mrs. Benson gazing after her in some sur prise. Jack soon appeared on the rise, and thun dering down the slope with a view halloo, or ratlher a tremendous h0oarCo "oo-ey, WIlcIl it really was, jumped off his horse, and, in his great joy, threw his arms round Mrs. Blenson's neck, giving her a hearty kiss, much to that good old lady's discomfiture, who pulled her cap to its place ngain with one hand, and dealt Jack a sound box on the ear with the other. lIo next wentup to Bessie, and, rather roughly squeezing her thin worn hands in his, exclaimed, "Cheer up my girl! cheer up lanss! all's right again; the real murderers is found the Roskeanes the villains, and their mate Tom are all in the lock-up-hurrah!" Bessio, as soon as her hands were free, clasped them together, and raising her eyes to heaven, murmured a heartfelt prayer of thanksgiving. Annie, who stood by thie fire-place, and heard every word, sunk upon a seat with emotions of delight and gratitude ibr the escape of her darling brother, mingled with heart-sickness at the mention of the Roskeanes. Jack having calmed, in some degree, the excitement of his feelings, now gave a detailed account of what had occurred both in Sydney and at the township. All listened breathlessly, and with joyful hearts, to the welcome news. Dan was not included in the list of those apprehended, but Annie trembled when Jack mentioned that enquiries about him wore being made. In her heart she hoped, nay, believed, lie was not implicated in the foul murder, but she feared great difficulties would arise in makling others believe the same. Jaboe s ad espied Old Jack's approach, and now, with Willie, joined the group before the but. The pleasure of detailing anew his intelligence, fell to Jack's lot, and the de light ivith which it was received was bound less. Jabez kissed his daughter, over and over again, and then proceeded to bestow two or three hearty, and more legitimate smnacks than Jack's upon his old woman. In the mean-time Bessie left her seat, a slight flush upon her. cheek, and thankfiulness beaming in her eyes; unaided she sought her room to lavish caresses upon her babe, to whisper softly in its young unheeding ear the happy tidings your father will soon be fiee \- -will soon be hero to clasp thee to his heart." Olt Jack, Jlabez, and his wife, still con tinued to congratulate each other, in their joy comnitting many little extravagancies, while Annie, weeping with excess of emotiun, re mained by the lire-side. ' Where's my Annie? Where's my little girl ?" asked Jack. A shriek-a cry of mortal agony pierced their ears. Each stood rooted to tlh girount, as if spull-bound, gazing nwith horror and :nazemoe nt from one to thoeother.. Annie was' the first to move ; she sprng fromn her seat and hastily entered the brd-room, closely followed by the rest. 'There, across the bed, a thin purple stream welling slowly from her lips, her arms encircling the cold form of her child, lay Bcssie-dead. iTho pure soul of the. mother had flown to rejoin her inoocent child in that blessed land where peace and joy will never end. Let us pass quickly over the scene that fol lowed. Terrible was the transition from un bounded joy to the depths of sorrow and grief. The cries of the poor distracted mother, who threw herself upon the corpses of her child and grandchild, calling upon them to look up and gladden with their beloved voices her breaking heart, might have been heard at the crossing-place. Annie fell senseless to the floor, where she remained unnoticed. Old Jack sat down upon the seat by the little window, where Bessie had been wont to sew, his eyes glassy, his jaw fallen, and limbs rigid, as if seized with paralysis. Jabez rushed fiom the lhut, threw himself upon the ground, tore his scanty hair, and rolled in the dust, now calling upon his dearly loved and good child, the comfort and pride of his old age, and then breaking out into imprecations upon unfortunate Old Jack, Ned, and his whole family, the country, and the day he set foot in it. For some ldays he was almost deranged. For the third time our party formed its little procession on the road to the township. The merry laugh no longer rang-the light, but in nocent joke was hushed. Hot tears swelled those eyes which, only a few months before, smiled brigihtlv upon the bride elect. Hearts that then seatlightly now throbbed heavily with deepest woe; the very horses trod slowly onwards with hanging heads and sober gait. Poor Bessie ! thou hast not been the only innocent victim of rum. We must return again to the Roskeanes. Jim Roskeano having recovered from the effects of his hard drinking, was forwarded under escort to the township, where lie was locked up carefully, so as to preclude the pos sibility of any communication between Tom and him, or any of the others implicated in the murder and robbery. The blow Tom had given Slack fractured the skull so badly, that his life was despaired of. The wretched man, knowing that all hope was past, demanded writing materials, and in the presence of the doctor, a magistrate, and the chief constable, managed with great difficulty to scrawl and sign a confession of the scheme, planned by Tom and himself, for waylaying and robbing Mr. B., and the part Jim played in the murder; denying, however, any participation in the murder, the guilt of which, he considered, rested solely upon the perpetrators, Tom and Jim. At almost the same hour of the evening, Jim, after deliberately turning the matter over in his mind, came to the conclusion that it might influence his chance of escaping with life, by making a full confession, and re quested to see the gaoler. Upon that func tionary making his appearance, Jim proceeded to question him as to any hopes there would be of saving his life if he should turn king's evidence. "I've heerd me father, the onld villin, tell ov chaps gittin' off chape, Mr. Gaoler, an' may be their 'anneors might find it chaper for thimselves an' save a dale ov bodder an' throuble." " Well, my man," replied the gaoler, "I can make no promise nor hold out any hope to you. If you feel inclined to say anything, I will send for a magistrate and, perhaps, some indulgence may be extended to you." Jim thought a minute, then, slapping his thigh, exclaimed, "Thin hero goes. I'll be first an' make a clean breast. Sind for a magistrate, Mr. Gaoler." One of their worships was found taking a cup of tea with the clergyman, who, upon hearing from the gaoler the nature of Jim's request, offered to be present. "Strange, Mr. Commitemall," remarked the reverend gentleman, " I was convinced, notwithstanding all Raymond's protestations to the contrary, that he was the guilty man." " We are all liable to mistakes, sir," gravely replied tno J.Pi., " 1 sometimes make a mistake myself." The clergyman bowed; the gaoler looked incredulous and wonder-struck; what he thought was another matter. Arrived in the gaoler's quarters, Jim was introduced guarded by two turnkeys. The formidable array of pens, ink, and paper dis played upon the table, and the grave aspects of the gentlemen seated thereat, considerably shook his determination. He began to fear his contemplated confession might place him in a worse position than ever. The magistrate gave a tremendous pre paratory " hem," and fixing a severe look upon Jim, began in his most impressive bench tones to question him. "Prisoner, your name is James Roskeane." " Yis sir," answered Jim. "State to the bench-ahom-to the court -to me, what you know of this matter." " Yis yer 'anner," replied Jim, in deadly fear, yet retaining much of his usual cunning. " What is it yer 'anner wants to know ? " " Why this-thait-what you came to state," said the magistrate, looking savage. " Sure sir it's nothin' I've got to state, barrin'--barrin'- " 0 Well, wilat(h "It's a trifle to trouble yer 'anner about, but av yer 'anner plazes, an' his riverence yander, yez might orther the gaoler to allow a poor chap a bit ov a smoke now an' agin, wanst in a while." The gaoler, though annoyed, could not repress a smile at the would-be innocent man nor in which this request was preferred, and sperceiving that his worship was not going the right way to work with Jim, he made the clergyman a sign to speak with him aside. The result was a private conference be tween the magistrate and the clergyman in another room, and upon their return the reverend gentleman addressed the prisoner. " Young mann, we are here in accordance with a request from you, to hear some im portant statement you expressed a wish to make. Nov I warn you not to say anything that will be likely to injure you, until your trial is over; but if you particularly wish to disclose anything that will favour the ends of justice, we are ready to listen." The mild manner in which the clergyman spoke, had some little effect upon Jim, and roused again, in his cowardly nature, the hope of preserving his lile ; provided that was safe he cared not though half the lives in the township were the ransom. He cast an in quiring, look upon the clergyman, as if he hardly knew whether to believe that the ad vice, to be prudent, was given with a disin terested motive, or merely to put him off his guard and entrap him. lie then glanced uneasily at tile gentleman with the severe countenance, who sat silent and rather sullen, and remained irresolute. "Then it' is useless our remaining any longer hero," said the clergyman, preparing to rise from his seat-" the prisoner, apparent ly, has no communication to make." " I axes pardin ov yez, gintlemin-stop a minute av yo pleazo. Can your riverenco tell me, av I tell somethin' will I be re caved as ividence agin the others ?" "Whatever you may state will possibly hold good as evidence; but what you mean, I presume, is, how your own case will stand whether you will be admitted as king's evi dence ?" " Yis yer riverence-will my life be safe ?" "That is a question we are unable to an swer; much will depend upon the nature of the disclosures you make. However, I repeat, do not trust to them ; conclusive evidence may have been already obtained elsewhere, so as to make yours valueless." "At any rate it can do me no harum ?" " Humph-I think not," put in the gaoler. "Thin here's at it-neck or nothiu'-I can only swhing after all." He then commenced an account, detailing the plotting of the robbery, the commission of the murder, and the means taken to throw suspicion upon Ned Raymond. As he pro grossed in his narrative he became more minute in the particulars, and when he finished no doubt remained upon the minds of his hear ers of his having told the truth. Yet he as serted one gross falsehood; he placed the guilt of the fatal blow to Tom Bridger's ac count, saying he never would have engaged in the robbery if he had known violence was contemplated. Jim placed his name to the written con fession, and all present had just finished sign ing as witnesses, when a tap at the door was followed by the chief constable, who looked around a little surprised at the assemblage. A sign from the magistrate caused him to step forward, and Jim's statement was placed in his hands for perusal. After reading it, he smiled a grave official smile, cheerless as the tintless ray the setting sun throws upon the black clouds of a winter's evening. " Too late-useless my lad. A day after the fair, he remarked," drawing from his pocket the dying confession of Slack, which had been entrusted to his safe keeping, and handing it to the gentlemen. Jim watched with increasing terror the countenances of the readers, and long ere they had finished the paper, he was trembling in every limb. " Yer anners," he cried, as soon as they began to fold it up again, "for the love ov marcy tell me what is it? Sure yez will give me back the writin' yez made ? There's not a word ov truth in it-give it to me." " No, we cannot do that, and it would be useless to do so. Your accomplice, Slack, is dying, and - " "Dyin' i An' that's his confession ! " ex claimed the wretched man, in husky tones. " Oh, gintlemen, save me ! Tell me what lie ses; does he say I did it? Av he does he lies ; he's a liar. " Take him to his cell " said the gaoler. We will break the thread of our story and relate, in as few words as possible, the fate of the murderers. Slack died within twenty-four hours after his confession. The evidence was so con clusive against Tom and Jim for the murder, and Mrs. Roskeane for concealing her know ledge of the murderers, that the three were committed to take their trials; while, in con sideration of the confessions made by Slack and Jim, his Excellency was pleased to grant a jfee pardon to an innocent man. Old Roskeane was discharged, and, taking Norah with him, returned to his dirty but and filthy habits. He did not enjoy them long. One night the place took fire-the old man was drunk on his bed; Norah only awoke from her sleep in time to save herself; her father was burnt to death. Norah was then lost sight of. Tom and Jim were tried, sentenced, and executed. Tom died the hardened ruffian he had lived. Jim was brought more dead than alive to the gibbet. The old woman received a sentence of fifteen years' servitude. (To be continued.) 