THE NEWS OF TEE DAY. The Legislative Assembly again meets this after noon. Dr Enabling has undertaken for tho occasion a series of questions, seven in number, relative to the Quarantine system and regula tions ; and Mr Lock and Mr Barton also figure among the interrogationists. Among the orders of the day, the Customs Act Amendment Bill stands first, to be followed by the Kyneton De viation Bill, and the Geelong and Melbourne Railway Purchase Bill. Then comes again the Land Bill, which will probably make another littlo piece of. progress. After that, the Mining Partnerships Limited Liabi lity Bill, the Estimates, and the Re gistration Act Amendment Bill close the programme thus far. Among the notices of motion, in the general business, there is but little of interest, the most noteworthy item being a motion by Mr Heales for acommittao to secure accurate reports of the proceedings of Parliament, and which is certainly important as an aid to future h;storian3. If tho Parliament will only go to the expense of getting complete verbatim reports of the proceedings that take place in theLegislativo Assembly they will render an incalculable benefit to posterity by supplying one of tho most strong and undeniable proofs of the backward state of civilisation, and the dire waul of education,. Uiafc onaruotu. .sol tlio lawmakers of Victoria in the middle of th 19th century, Mr Heales's motion ought to be carried. By the ship Agincourt, which arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday afternoon, Lady M'Donntllhas returned to Australia. On the Acincourt reaching her anchorage, his lixcei lenoy Sir Honry Uarkly, accompanied by his Aide-de-camp, left: Sandridgem the barge of H.M. S.S. Victoria, to bring Lady Al Dounoll ashore. The Cork Examiner publishes a letter ad dressed to Mr Maguire, from some one ef « high portion in Koine.' The writer says that the Pope is wcLl, and that 'the pastorals of the Irish Bishops, the great meetiugs hold in Dublin, and the sentiments elicited there, have been to him a source of much consola tion.' Hajpyman! „ The committee of the Early Closing Associa tion, at Balliaarafc) havo published a circular with a yiew to '/urthor the cause they huvc in view. They complain that, unlike ony othor class, they aro liable '' to unlimited demands upon their labor,' and that the result is seen ... — .in the physical and moral ruin of thousands among them. They claim that their hours of labor may not exceed tho period during which mechanics and artisans are usually em ployed, and. ask to have tho shops closed at seven o'clock on week nights, Saturdays ex ? ceptcd, when they are willing to attend to their business until ten o'clock at night. In order to carry out this desideratum, they appeal to the public, especially to the fair portion of creation, to make thgir purchases by daylight, and as a matter of pt inciple never to enter any^shop, in any trade, t hat keeps open after six o'clock in the evenin g ; and as a reason why shopping should not be resorted to by gaslight, the pub lic are assu red ' that purchases made on such occasions often oause annoyance and disappoint ment when examined by the light of day.' By particular request, quoth an ? advertise ment, thd '? celebrated actress ' Mrs Melinda Jones will appear to-night at the Theatre Royal in the character of lloineo. Miss Avonia Jonea is to ba the Juliet. At the meeting of the City Council yesterday, an address carefully engrossed, was presented to the late Mayor, Mr Walsh, as a testimony to tho 'industry, ability, and courtesy' with which that gentleman had discharged tho duties ot his office. A .Cricket Match between the first elevens of the WilliamstowQ Alliauce and Press Cricket Cluba came off on the Melbourne ground on the afternoon of Saturday last. After a well contested game, victory was declared in favor of tho Caxtonites, who won by fifty-nine runa. The Government have given instructions that tho lanud sold a day or two ago at Cres wick is to be paid for at Ballaarat, although there is a Sab- Treasury at tha former place, A blunder, surely. A pubiio meeting has been held in tho dis urbed parish of St. Gaorge's-in-the-East, to pass resolutions and memorialise the Queen ou its unhappy state. Tho conduct of the Eev. Bryan King -was declared to hava rendered him unworthy of esteem or respect, and the meeting determined to do their utmost to abolish the innovations he haB introduced into the worship and tho church. In their memorial to her MijeSty tli'iy ask for a Royal Commission, with power to displace clergymen who teach anti Christian, anti-Protestant, and unscriptural doctrines, who usu Popish vestments or genu flexions, and replace him by a clerk 'of honest Protestant Evangelical report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom.' They ask for the publi cation of 'a Protestant catechism and hymn book,' and make it a breach of discipline to use any other. In a petition to Parliament they minutely set forth the wrongs they have suffered f or 17 years. A new company, called the Back Creek Steam Puddling and Gold Washing Company, have taken up'1 somo ground at Back Creek. They were to have commenced operations yester day. Mr English, the District Mining Surveyor at Lamplough has, as we are informed by tho Maryborough Advertiser, prepared a report on tha topographical situation of the Avoca and Maryborough districts for wator supply, from which I have gleaned tho following interesting particulars : — Commencing with the Avooa district, which embracos Lamplough, Amphi theatre, Mountain Hut, St Araaud, and the Four Mile Flat gold workings, he suggests that reservoirs and dams be constructed so as to accumulate the storm water, and store it for domestic as well as for mining purposes. Mr English estimates the quantity required for the present population at 100,000 gallons per die». The expense of constructing the works have not yet received his serious consideration, but he does not suppoaa they will be very expon eive. Mr John Donald, a working miner, and a member of tho Beechworth Mining Board, is a candidate for the vacancy in the Assembly oauaed by Mr Keefer's resignation. Mr Donald is popular on the Ovens district, but whether he would find himself as mueh at home in the room at the top of Bourke street as among his fellow-miners at Beechworth is perhaps doubt ful. We have been informed that if elected Mr Donald will receive pecuniary assistance from his constituents. A match at cricket was attempted at Sand hurst on Saturday, between a European and an Australian eleven. In the first innings the score was very even, but in the second the Aus tralians found they were pl-iying a long game ; and annoyed at this, and unable to repress their anger, they very foolishly and childishly brought tha game to a close by suddenly draw ing the wickets. Such petMshues3 does not apeak much to the credit of Young Australia. Mr' G. V. Brooke has entered upon a new en gagement at Beechworth. A letter in the Geelohy Advertiser announces that Dr. Thomson, the notorious Dr. Thomson, is about to leave the colony for Queensland. It needs an effort to resist a lengthened comment on this announcement. Tho Marquis Massimo d'Azeglio's expected pamphlet ' La Politique et le droit chretion, u.u point de vue da la question Italienne,' was published simultaneously in Paris and Turin. Tho pamphlet attempts to show that though the manners and murals of civilized nations have becoino Christian, their political systems are still Heathenish, and that this is the main cause of all modern insurrections, 'wars, and revolutions. The Sandhurst people have an arrangement by whioh their fire-bell ii rung by mechanical means, and it seems that, when once set going, the bell rings on uncontrollably. The conse quence was, the other night, that it was set at work on an alarm of fire, and that the fire was extinguished some considerable time before tho belloould be' induced to cease ringing This must ba very agreeable for persons living in the immediate neighborhood. The Independence Beige asserts that a paper recently founded at Malta, called ll Momtore Maltese, and edited by a gentleman allied to tho family of Pio Nono, has just been suppressed by order of the Governor, and the editor banished from the Island. ' Water supply' is a topic of consideration all through the colony iust now. The Hamilton Courier recurs to tho subject again, and an nounces that a Mr Turner has devised a scheme for supplying Hamilton with water from the \- swamp at Mount Bambridge and Lake Dolling Dolling. The proposition appears a simple one ; so perhaps it will ere long afford a nenr field for speculators in shares. ' A new paper, called tho gra Weekly Register, made its appearance at Agra on the 7th of January. The Register is a Roman Catholic organ, and is to bi devoted chiefly to promot ing the interests of that religion. 