TEL EG HA I'll IC DESPATCH. StdHEY, Tuesday.-The report of the discovery of a heavy nugget at Ki-nulra is not confirmed, although it is still prevalent; but all advices slate that the diggers are doing well. At the TaranaU sympathy meeting the attendance was vory good, and the resolutions were adopted untmimouslr, and a committee appointed. Mr l>arya)l came out with a smart attack on British policy in New Zealand, as'the proximate cause of these troubles. Two thousand two hundred chests, 3,-100 halt' chests, and 2,500 boxas tea have come in from Foo Chow Foo.-Argus. Tiir HOSPITAL.-Mr. Atkinson, the Resident Surgeon, informs us that an Austrian named Anthony Momitz, was admitted into the' Hospital yesterday afternoon, suffering fiotn a severe cm titsion to the chest. It appears that about two o'ch ck on the previous day he was being lowered down a shaft at Hnntly, 105 feet deep, and having go! down about 40 feet the rope broke, and pre cipitated him to the bottom on a h«an of soft pipeclay, which providentially broke his fall. THIS DEritKuATioNs AT GO mien (iuli.v.-Com plaints are still numerous from the head ofGo'don Gully, of the onslaughts made by the oang of thieves who for somo time p ist have infested that neighborhood. On Tuesday night another clearance was made alorg tho Stafford lioef, in addition to a large number of tools from the claims, the fly of the Stafford Reef Quartz Wining Company was cut away from off the ridge pole. It is higli time the police took some notice of these doings, as it is pretty well known by residents iu the neighborhood who the r. al offenders are, still proofs are wanting to bring the charges home. Tue VOLUNTEER Dim; MOVEMENT.-The Com mittee yesterday received a telegram from Colonel Pitt, stilling that ho will attend a public meeting, ?which the committee have called for Tuesday next nt the Town Hall, to enrol members, Mn. Carpentkr, M.L.A.-It will bo seen that Sir Carpenter, M.L.A . who is in Sandhurst foi a few days, has availed himself of the opportunity of giving evidence to the Mining Hoard Committee on the question of the drainage of reefs. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The Rev. William-R. Fletcher will deliver his lecture this evening at the above institute, on"""What is known of tho interior of Australia," a subject which possesses addition .l interest at this particular time, and respecting- which, wo should hopo, most people desire information. THEATRE ROYAL.-?'Jonathan Bradford'' and " From Village to Court" formod the attraction at the HoyaL last evening. Both pieces were very fairly put on the stage, and met with considerable applause. This evening Miss Nelson takes hev be tcfit, when a new burlesque extravaganza entitled "The Willow Pattern Plate" will be produced for the first lime in Sandhurst. It is in burlesque that the talents of the Royal company show to most advnntnge, ao that there is not much doubt but that those who attend the theatre this evening will spend a pleasant evening, while at tha same time they will pay a well deserved compli ment to a favorite actress. New Enterprise.-A new enterprise has been started by Messrs Charlton and Co, at the Back Creek, who undertake to supply from their steam saw mills a novel article in this district, namely, sawn shingles, which possess many ad vantages over the shingle commonly in use, being more durable and less liable to warp or split. fc'wowT RIVEB.-The Albury Banner of Satur day last, 29th September, fives this as the latest from Kiandra Ferguson's coach arrived yes terday morning, bringing anything hut satisfactory j\c vis. A dpctor and two Adelaide miners, who have given tho placc a fair trial, state that tho greatest distress prevails, and the result in the case of the two latter, after four months' hard and persevering labor, is as follows One realised five shillings, the other twenty. From all we can Jiaar :.wa can only conclude that Kiandra can never bo what is known as a ' poor man's diggings,' and only those with capital liava the ghost of a gluujco ofjuscacdipfr tlioie," 