MISCELLANEOUS. Attempts are now bslnp mode to inlrwlnoo the cotton anil roffi's planti Into Neir Zealand. ColTos berries from Ceylon, and cotton serd from Cnlnn bare arrived -t Anokland, and both an now deposited In Uu ground on tin ratth of yielding profitable results, The discharged Indian Soldiers in tlie UVirfoSl Workboute.— Ithlnk I could bive raeognlied In tlie dill nuleit skeleton thoro, tlie ghost of a Midler. 8ame| thin- ortlieuWUr was Hill Intent In tie palest sha dow of lire that 1 tulkcd to. OncemaolaUd creature, In tlio tlrlctrit litanlit}' norn to tlie bone, lay stretobeioB Ills back, looking to like death that I (inked one of tlw dooton irhe were not dying, ordead. A fewklnd words from Uit doctor, in lits car, and ho opened bb cjrei »od smiled— looked in a moment u if lie would hare piaae a talnte iriie could. 'We tball pull him tbjrnujb, plena God,nuld tlio doctor. 'Please Ood, Burr, thank ye-faldUie patient. 'You are inuoli better to-lay are you not t' ukld thodoctor. 'Flue God, 6nrr;*tia* tlie elapu I want, Surr, 'tis iny breathing «*lrp« tba nights -o long.' 'Ils ii u careful fellow thU, you mint know,' uld Uie doctor, clieorfully ; 'it was raln In;; l.ird when they [iut htm in the open cart to bring; Mm hvrc, and lie had Uu- preseccu of rautd to u]c to liurc a loverelgn Uken out or bis pocket that hehaii lliero, and a cub engaged. Probably It saved hia life.'. Tlie patient rattled out Uio ekoleton of a laugh, and' balj, proud or tho ttory, ?' Deed, Surr. an open oaut was a oomlcal muans o'brlDgln' a dy In' man here, and a- clever w«y io kill him.' Von might have ?worn to him fur a toldler when tie said it. One tblng had pergleztd me very mucli In going from bed to bed. A very ?tgnl-' Gc&nt; Bod cruel tb'nt;. 1 could ond no young man, bnt' on-.. lie liid attracted my notice by having got up and. dressed lilraicir In Ills soldier's Jacket and trouiers, with Hit Inlmllon or Bitting by the Ore; but he had found himself loo weak, and had crept buck to Ul bed aad laid himself down on Uie outilde of it. I oould ha» prunounoed him, alone, t-j be a young man aged by famine and ilcknees. As we were ittnalng by Uw Irish soldier's bed, I mentioned my perplexity to tin doctor. HetookaboaidviUianlniciipUonontt tram tlie head ol the Irilbmnn's bed, .nil Hiked me wb»te*» I supposed that man to ber I had observed him with attention while talking to Um, and answered «anMent- ly, 'I'fiy.' Tlie doctor, wilh a pitying giaoea at tba patient, who liad dropped into a st'jpor again, pot lbs Iward back, and tald ' fwenty-fonr.'— Chaxlw Dlckaai In Alt lhe Year Bound. .' ^, 