THE SYDNEY INFIRMARY. I I " " To the Editor of the Herald, I SIR-Having had an opportunity of becoming well acquainted with the internal working of this very excellent institution, I think I might, without trespass- ing too far on your space, devote a few moments to the subject generally, as I do not think the public at large are sufficiently alive to the vital importance of supporting by every means in their power an establishment so absolutely necessary not only to the city of Sydney but the colony generally, and particularly to the mercantile marine, composed, as it is, of strangers from all parts of the world. This institution is supported by funds raised from three sources First, voluntary subscriptions. These amount to about sixteen or seventeen hundred pounds annually received almost exclusively from the same individual subscribers, with very few exceptions, belonging to the city of Sydney, although a large proportion of patients come from the country, and even across the boundary. Second A grant from Government, amounting to about £700. (This year it is expected to be increased) and third. A charge of 2s. 6d. a day made to patients not sent in by subscribers. "With these small funds the amount of good done is almost incredible. The thousands annually relieved reflect the greatest possible credit on all concerned. I particularise Doctors M'Farlane, Alleyne, Williams, Nathan, Roberts, and Robertson, who gratuitously render their services with as much, if not more, unremitting attention, than usually paid to private patients. The thanks of the community are justly due to these gentlemen (and something more substantial,) for, although self-imposed, their duties are very onerous indeed frequently being called during the night in urgent cases. Nor must I forget to mention Mr. Houston, the resident surgeon. The indefatigable zeal of this gentleman is beyond all praise ; ever active and attentive to the wants and wishes of the patients (consistent with strict discipline), always within call, day or night, where even imaginary relief may be expected. The debt of gratitude felt by every right-minded patient is, I am well assured, heavy ; nor have I heard one single dissentient voice, even when checked for some infraction of the rules. Before taking my leave of him, I would observe, it is a pity the funds of the institution do not enable the committee to remunerate this gentleman adequately. The domestic arrangements no less deserve attention, which, under the able management of Mrs. Ghost, the matron, give such general satisfaction to all. This lady's duties are also too arduous, as any visitor may be convinced of by taking a turn through the establishment. Admission can be at all times obtained on application to the matron. I cannot leave the subject without offering a suggestion for the consideration of the committee of management to this effect. It is a well known fact, that in this city there are a great number of persons without any other than lodging-house homes, who would gladly avail them sell or of such an establishment as the above hut for the feeling (a false one I admit) of being an inmate of an hospital. Now this, I think, would be obviated, by having a portion of the building set apart for special cases, where patients might pay according to the accommodation they received, giving a private room, when the ability to pay of the patient so required. I believe this would be not only a great desideratum to many of our community such as clerks, masters of vessels visiting our port, foreigners, and many others, but might also augment the funds of the institution : " A consummation most devoutly to be wished." These few hints may possibly suggest to some abler mind a course which, I feel certain, would be attended with benefit to the community at large, and extend to a class much in need of some such arrangements, the benefits of this beneficent institution. 