CHURCH SOUI KIT— ANNUAL It EF.TING. I (From the Emnirc. ) ''..The nnnuul meeting of the Church Socicty was ' hold last evening at the School-room, Castlereagh Ktreet. About 70 persons were presont. His Excellency the Governor-General was on the plat form, and 8 or 10 clergy. We take tho following extracts from the Fourth Annual Report of 'the Church 'Society for the Dioeeso of Sydney : — ' ' Tho Committee of the Church Society present their annual report for the year 1859, with' 'mingled feelings of gratitude and anxiety. They have ren son to give thanks to Almighty God for that which He has permitted them to do, while the increasing difficulties connected with their worfc make them desirous of impressing upon their subscribers and the members of the Church of England generally, the great need which exists for more active and united efforts than have hitherto been made. ' The financial. report shows., an increase upon the income of the previous vear. ' The total amount to the credit of the society last year, including a balance of £1316 3s. 7d., was £8343 13s. 8d. . This year, with a smaller balance of £395 Is. Id., the total amount was £1993 0s. 4d. ; ' There has been an increase under the respec tive heads of subscriptions, donations, and church collections for- the general fund, and also for sti pends' for the clergymen, but a falling off in the free contributions paid by associations, while the sum returned to associations under the two-thirds clause are. larger in amount this year than, they have ever been. It is very gratifying to know what through the instrumentality of this society the sum of £5500 has been raised in : various parishes for the main tenance of their clergy, and that £1180 have been granted in various parishes for building churches and parsonages; .but the growing tendency to re claim two-thirds of the amount collected in the parishes cannot be. regarded by the committee with anxiety when they . consider the rapidly-increasing claims which are being made upon the Church's efforts. : , ? ? ; ' The withdrawal of the' Legislature of the Sop plementary grant towards the maintenance of the; clergy arid of the stipends for the chaplains at fthe gold fields lias increased the demands . upon the society's resources to 0 serious extent, and new ground can onlybe occupied by, abandoning exist ing engagements unless the associations through out the diocese will endeavour to place larger funds at the disposal of the committee. It certainly is | not an; equal distribution of the work of evangeli sation to expect the more recently formed districts to provide their own church, parsonage, 'and sti? pend for a clergyman, while others, without nny effort on their own part, have for years enjoyed all these advantages. - ' ^ ' Tlie principle adopted in . 'the neighbouring diocese of Newcastle, is worthy of universal imita tion in our own, and if every parish now in receipt :of :a .Government stipend, -paid one- half of that amount towards the maintenance of the clergy in the unendowed districts',' the work of the commit tee would.be much more easy and: agreeable than it is now. ? .... ;??? {' 'If a district becomes more- than £100 in! arrear, the' stipend of the clergyman is discontinu-' ed, and occasions of 11 painful nature have arisen in which the , enforcement of this rule has been attended with very-serious inconvenience to the, clergyman.' 'If the funds of the society would permit the committee to grant one-third of tli 3 clergy man's 1 stipend tin aid of' the local efforts; such cases need not occur. The committee would again repeat their appeal'of former years to, the clergy and laity 1 of the endowed parishes, and urge upon them the 1 strong; claims which.- their btethren, less fortu nately placed than themselves, have upon their sympathy and assistance. And your 'committee 1 are of opinion that thepeople will seldom be found 1 backward when the clergy are willing to originate 1 and direct an associaiion. ? . - ' ' The committee are well aware of the many and onerous local claims 'upon 'the parishes, and rejoice in the evidences of activity: and liberality which are everywhere to be seen ;,,but denowing as they also do, the urgent nnd.necessitous claims of the districts for whiclv they, plead, they trust that their importunity will be excused if ' they suggest that no parish can be so exhausted by, efforts to supply its own wants ds to be unable to contribute something ta the funds of the Church Society. ' 'It is evident that the society has done much in extending -the ? ordinances of -religion in this diocese, and that it lacks , -only .the more liberal support of the Church of England to do all tnat is needed in. the way of external organisation; ; : ' The number of associations is'now sixty-four — in nine parishes in the diocese nothing has been done for the society. i ! -! - ' The withdrawal: of 'the gold-fields, chaplains' stipends has been a-cause - of- much anxiety;, and will, inevitably,: lead to a diminution' to'. the. spirit- ual piovision made for the gold-miners. f . , ' The committee of the Church ; Society offered .'to disburse any funds subscribed- for the purpose of paying the stipends' of the gold-fields chaplains;:' the number now being only two instead ,of . three. ?Subscriptions have beon entered into; but'1 have ihitherto proved quite insufficient - in amount'; and unless some more energetic measures are taken to obtain subscriptions, the stipends, will witlr diffi culty be continued. Your.commiitee are persuaded that nothing but personal solicitation for aid will obtain the necessary funds, and they , earnestly hope ihat the matter will be thus taken up hy afcom mittee appointed for the purpose. - '! ; ' Tho gold miners , in the Western gold-fields and at the Araluen, will be able to' contribute! half the amount ol the required stipends. ' In concluding their report, the committee would venture to place on record their persuasion that the only available remedy, for the various evils under which the Society suffers is to, be found in the progress and influence of the. Gospel' of the grace j of God. Wherever the good seed ' of tlie'/ iCingdom is received, the fruits brought forth are righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. The thorns and thistles with wliiclMhe ground is encumbered, will only be effectually removed us the.earth- ' receiveth blessing from God.' To seek this, blessing seems to be the special duty of all ?who desire the wollbeing of their country and the salvation of their fellow-men. 'i' . Surky Hills. — The scholars, of the Surry Hills Wesleyan Sunday School were 011 Thursday taken out by their teachers for the treat with which it has for years past been customary to cele brate her 'Majesty's birthday. Although a con siderable: number both of teachers and scholars were absent by reason of the prevalent influenza, aud notwithstanding the uupropitious appearance of the early morning, thero wus-a very respectable muster at the schoolhotise at nine o!cloek, and; many moro joined the pnrty ati.Waverley in the course of.the forenoon. : The juveniles there broke themselves into several parlies, for' such amuse ments as accorded with their rcpcctivc tastes, until about one o'clock, when they were summoncd to a substantial luncheon,, , which, judging from tlie consumption, was highly appreciated. Buns nnd fruit followed by way of dessert, und! the amuse--, ments were resumed until about , lour, when tho bell summoned the stragglers; -to head-quarters, nnd they thence proceeded homeward. The Revs. J. Ironside, — Wooluough, and- Mr. Cowlishaw, tlio superintendent of the school, were indofatiga ble in their attentions, and were -rewarded by see ing that all around them were amused anil happy. About iJOL) scholars were presont, aud perhaps a dozen teachers, tlio rust being returned as in valids. — Herald, ^ Geology ok Goumiuiim. — Mr ICeeno, the Go- , vcrnment examiner of bonis, in addition lo his in structive lccturc, which ho gave at our School of Arts, on tho geology of the country from Sydney' to Towrang, has most kindly placed on the table of the institute, several handsome specimens which have Jieeii procured, in the neighborhood during his visit. ;I doubt not that' somo account of tho mineriil wealth with which we are surrounded, will prove as interesting to your general readers as lit j necessarily does to the inhabitant; of the immedi- . ate district. The earth is full of hidden treasures, which require only the labor of mail to bo made available. Within two miles oT the town iron ore is found in abundance, as at Fit/.roy mines and at Rossiville was found a very striking specimen of the magnetic, ore, which proved its right to the title on being exhibited before a compass. On some of the ranges are found 'the outlying masses,'' being the wreck of the lower sandstone deposits, to tlieso succeed cherty rocks, of n' flinty nature, fourid in many- places near Goulburn. There are also 011 the table several fine specimens of fossils, from the limestone which has been broken up by, subsequent volcanic action, and is now found in detached gullies and basins, bordered liy the volcanic rocks. Different specimens from vol canic rocks, such as granites, in great varieties, frcm the' neighborhood .'of Luke Bnthurst ; bazalts, from Mulwarre Plains. Many jf these specimens are mctaliferous, affording an ample field to the stu dent of geology, -one too, 'that would well repay the trouble and labor. Here, there, are a few of the specimens indicative of the richness of the district:; and to make it available and so valuable, 'we must not lose sight of that accessible coal- field discovered by Mr Keene, within thirty miles. of 11s,. so that when tho railroad shall have reached thus far, we shall be but a trifling distance from the coal, which will be necessary for the working of tlie miniss. — Empire. ,1 , , .i., ... Communication with Kiandra.— In order, if possible, to meet the greatly increased traffic which is expected to arise in the spring between Sydney and Kiandra, the proprietors of the South- ern Mail Line (Messrs Crane and Roberts) are now making preparations for the establishment of an additional line of coaches, to start from Campbell- town daily for the Snowy River. With the roads placed in a passable condition, they entertain no doubt of being able to do the entire distance through in three days; but even if Sydney could be brought within five, or six days of Sydney by coach, it would confer a great benefit on the busi- ness men of both places, and at the same time tend to remove a vast deal of fear touching the move- ments of our neighbors in Victoria and South Aus- tralia. In prospect of this spirited enterprise being undertaken, no time should be lost in effect- ing some very necessary repairs and improvements, without which the traffic from Sydney will be materially impeded. The expense of these, we are informed, will not be great, as they comprise, simply the cutting down of the Stringy Bark Range (six miles from Queanbeyan, and on the Cooma Road) and the erection of two bridges, one over, the Bredbo, and another over the Numeralla, between Cooma and Queanbeyan. Messrs Crane and Roberts purpose commencing the through line in September or October next, at which period it is anticipated the rush southward will commence. — Herald. ? Serious .Acoiddnt -at PanbulA.— A corres- i pondent writting from , Panbula, May, 23, says : : — On Thursday a dray was proceeding, from here to Bomhula, and had camped for the night, -when a spark from an adjoinining tree^ wnich was on fire; ign:ted the loading of the dray, ; and totally c nsumed the contents consisting of-744 cwt. flour and packages of clothing belonging to the Rev; Mr Steel, A\ho is just appointed to the living of Bom bala. We have had two accidents of a serious na ture by beingjthrown from horses, one a bridesmaid 1 returning from a wedding, a Miss Askew;- the 1 other a Sirs Holland, Bega. In both cases their lives were despaired of, but under the care of our j very skillful medical practitioner, Dr I-Ioman, of 1 this place, both are proceeding favourably. — Em- pire. . 