STARS AND CARTERS, AND ORDERS OF . . ' . MERIT. (Front the Leader and Analyst.) Mr. Thackeray, who has the reputation of being the most satiric and acrid of oil authors, the one whose ridicule at all shams is the sharpest, and whose scorn at all "snobbish" is the loudest if not the deepest, has written a paper in his magazine recommending a new order of merit, which he would call the Order of Britannia, and a medal of which should be given to all those of our gallant seamen who distinguish themselves, not in the horrid trade of slaughter, nor in defending our shores, nor in battering down the forts of our enemies, but in rescuing the crews of sinking ships from destruction, and in showing the wondrous bravery and magnanimity which the great majority of our seamen always do in the hour of danger, and such as especially the officers and crews of the Birkenhead and the Sarah Sands exhibited. He is probably ignorant that a gold and silver medal for the purpose do exist, and that the Humane Society also bestow a i decoration for those who save life-for we also, like the Romans, believe it to be nobler to save the life of a citizen than to slay an enemy. But we believe the principle which our satirical author sets out with is wrong. Our common work-a-day Englishmen do not care for bits of ribbon and bits of metal. Virtue is its own reward with us. Why should a man who has ! done his duty be parcelled and ticketed out from, men who, when the time came, and the opportunity with it, would do their duty just as well The story of the brave man's deeds is known ; his comrades were aware of his valour if the world is not nay, by multiplying the orders of distinction, we doubt whether we do not weaken and effeminate the mind. Our nation, thank Providence, is too manly to need many such ; nay, the very multitude of the Crimean medals rather hurt than honoured John Bull. Sentimental writers may think it very fine to hang bits of ribbon on the breasts of their heroes ; but the heroes themselves do not. But whilst we were on the point of voting a new order, let us look at those we have, beginning with our Star and Garter and St. George, the honour of all honours, sprung from a patron saint who was a pork butcher ! This is undeniable : we choose our own members of Parliament, but patron saints come as a gift of nature. St. Michael, St. Boniface, St. hocus-pocus, and Hurlo-thrumbo, chosen for good deeds in their day, now lost to sight their memory is "green" enough ; so let it be. But of all saints in the Calendar (and unless we Protestants are grossly ignorant, there be some queer ones there), really and positively the believe St. George to be the worst. We shall come to him presently ; but we would rather pray to the sagacious god of the Mandingoes than to St. George. Those benighted woolly heads in bowing to their " sense-gods," as the Rev. Mr. Byng, of Trinity College, Dublin, calls them s, had some reason. " A pig had by chance," says Ottendorf, in his account of these same Mandingoes, " led on army of these natives, who were perished for want of water, to a pond ; the pig being desperately thirsty itself, and rather more acute in its senses, or knowing the way better than the human animals. The army was saved, and the pig was deified." The celebrated hog of St. Antony, which has long formed part of a proverb, " Following one about like a fantasy pig," was never more venerated by the Irish than this one by the Mandingoes. As a nobleman in England dignifies his family, so this porcine Mandingo rendered his descendants blessed. He, they, aunts, cousins, male and female, and the whole generation of them are elevated to that earlier peerage of which the Roman Emperors wished to be. n Ireland, to be sure, a pig lives a luxurious life. He is referred to as "the gentleman who pays the line." He lounges about, so to speak, with his hands in his pockets. He has been seen by veracious tourists leaning against door-post, and smoking a sudden ; he is undoubtedly admitted to the best apartments of the house. He is free of the drawing room, parlour, kitchen, and all, and enjoys the blandishments of Irish female society ; but he is better off with the MandingoeB, for with our friends over the water he does " pay the rent," and just to save his life he is killed, or he is shipped off at a certain period of his sweet existence, probably at the sweetest, just as the full glory of youth dawns upon him, to supply the English market. At the very moment when, in the language of his poet, Mr. Moore, he is " All truth, all tenderness and grace," he is driven on board ship, and transported. He objects to this he cries out ; he is melancholy, remote, unfriended, but by no means slow. He is borne from the place where his forefathers dwelt. In vain, as he departs, He sings the wild song of his dear native land;" his voice is unheeded. He becomes horridly sick in crossing the channel ; he is landed-if not wrecked, indeed-and he terminates his existence in pickled pork. Sometimes he is wrecked, and then he puts a period to his sufferings, if we credit popular tradition, by cutting his throat as he swims. ' If so, his corpse, when cast ashore, is eagerly devoured by some Welsh wrecker. If not, as we say, pickled pork is his fate and here St. George takes him in hand, and we take in hand St. George. That person, who, says Shakspeare, » ." 1', 'crowd the Grafton, and now it's Still on his horseback, at mine hostess' door." hnBhad his portrait painted by a master handsome Edward Gibbon, Esq., as neat a dinner of a portrait in pen and ink as need be. His sketch is by n In In an admirable article on the AeUgiow el Mankind.; means flat ering. There is one, of the usual ex travagantly sanctified and incredible style, of the author of that book of extraordinary fables, the '. Lives of the Saints." Of the two repress Uib ron. 'J he successful pig dealer in those days could not rise to be a prictor, 1101 a consul, nor to hit any h nourable office ; but he could be a bishop, no 1 we must remember that Christianity was not then the religion of the State, and that it was by no means fashionable ; consequently, our Oappadocian did episcopate, and in a by no means regular way. He took up better men's leaving and this quietly I introduces us to the Athanasian Creed. How few of our interesting High Church, Low Church, Broad Church, or flat Church young ladies ever think about St. George, when they are repeating that grand and glorious Credo of St. Athanasius, that almost successful attempt to unveil and explain the miraculous, and to render mysterious the grand Mystery ! That Creed stands like a rock before the services of the Church, a rock which the tide of Infidelity may beat against, but cannot remove. It used to be fashionable to laugh at it to call it contradictory, to bespatter' it with Billy epithets ; but still it stands. " When I was writing the ' History of the Church,' _ ' says old Fuller, " I was advised to be quick about it, lest, before my history was out, the Church should be gone ; but I have observed that our Church has a strange knack of being always falling with some people and yet it stands." " It is full of mystery, I Ransome. "Aye," returns Montague, and whom one will explain the greater mystery to me, how when I was born, and five and twenty years before my father was attacked, and sixty-five years before it made its appearance in my body, an hereditary complaint (the stone was born with me, then I will talk to him of lesser mysteries." Which, look you, should shut any Arian up. i St. Athanasius put forth his creed boldly ; not so his opponent, who dangles in effigy on the breast of our noblest knights, and before the very heart of our Queen, Born in a father's shop, of the very nature of greasy dirt, from which the fuller's earth should have cleansed him, St. George rose step by step, always fawning, always parasitic, to the post of pork purveyor to the army of the Emperor Julian the Apostate When there, he made plenty of money. That was his god. Some historians, wishing to master him, say that he was Commissary-General to the army, an and type of Fields, in the Crimea. Hefmadehis fortune and men who have made fortunes, if of active minds, wish for something to do. He " took to " religion, joined the Arabs, and when good old Athanasius was a second time driven In m Alexandria, our St. George sat in his place. He was one of those easy-going, make-the-best-of-both worlds sorts of prelates, who was, alas popular, too popular with the crowd. Consequently, he slow the dragon. And pray who was the dragon, and when did he come into the story Where the Princess Sabra, where ? Why, just unroll the mythic story, and it is as plain as a pikestaff. These churchmen fought with their tongues. The synod over which the Empress of the apostate Julian presided was the arena-the misbe- lieving bishop was St. George-the princess Sabra, either a type of Religion, or the benign, easily credent Empress and our good old St Athanasius was the Dragon ! Yes, he was the beast, belina isla, as Luther's opponents plainly term him. St. Athanasius fled to the deserts of Upper Egypt, until the death of his persecutor, in 362 a Dana period of six years ; he was then brought back in triumph, and as the pork butcher and bacon, commissary would not give up his see, out of revenge for many cruelties, and disgust for himself, the popu- lace lost their temper, as they did with Count Anviti, and killed him, and thus unwittingly made a martyr of him ! We do not hear any more of the saint till the time of the Crusades, when, at the great siege of Antioch, our soldiers were about to give way, when up rushes Bishop Anhemar, followed by a fresh party of horse- men, in the leading rank of whom were three knights. "Behold," cried the Bishop, "here is help from Heaven ; the holy martyrs, George Demetrius and Theodore, fight for you." "I'll take the first," cried a brave Englishman, " for my patron saint. St. George for merry England ! ' ' And away the besiegers rushed again, frightened theiropponents.and gained the victory. Madcap King Dick the First also saw St. George in a vision, and was thereby relieved from great straits and so St. George was, somehow, adopted as our patron saint. Our soldiers were forbidden to use any other cry. The whole thing was got up. His day was fixed, and he was a fixture ; the red cross of martyrdom waved upon the white flag of his innocence, our chief city took it for its arms, with a dagger or Roman sword for a distinction is in the first quarter ; the story about Walworth introducing that is apocryphal. Churches were built for the saint, and our seanghters and soldiers were the red cross in their caps and bayonets crosses, which remain to this day on the little square brass breast- plate and buttons of the Grenadier Guards, When in 1344 more than five hundred years ago King Edward formed the Order of the Garter, he took St. George as its saint. More of this order anon. Now to others. there were, and are, Knights of the "Broom flower in the House," of St. Bridget, of two St. Catharine's, of the Celestial Collar of the Rosary, of three Charles, of any number of Conceptions, of two Concorde, of a Golden Angel and a Crescent ; of St. Cosmas and St. Damianus, two Knights Martyrs ; of several crowns-the Crown of Love, down Royal, Crown of Bavaria, Crown of Iron and Crown of Cyprus (not Cypress), of Dannebrog, or Dane-strength ; of De la Calza, or the Stocking ; of the Holy Vial and the Scale of the Overthrown Dragon and the Dove, and of almost any quantity of Eagles you may wish,- But other orders are yet to come. One there is of Electoral Orders for Ladies, presided over by a Serene Grand Mistress, the Dowager Duchess of Deux-Fonts and one of the rule is, that " the lady who appears without this cross in public is to be fined one ducat for every such omission." We believe that since the establishment of the older no single case of omission has occurred. There is an Order of the Ermine, and of the Bar of Corn, of the Golden Fleece, of Fortune, and of the Friesland Knights ; of the White Falcon. There are three Orders of Fidelity ; one of Fidelity and Perfect Union, one of the General and of St. George, no less than nine Orders, of which, after our Carter, that of Russia is thought the grandest. St. Germon, who alphabetically comes next, should be mentioned by any truthful historian, for this reason. The proud islanders talk of the brilliancy and antiquity of our garter, and, things being considered, 'as brilliant, and it is ancient. But St. German beats by a trifle. Thus, St. German having, with three hundred others, suffered martyrdom at Cologne, martyrdom too of a respectable kind, the German crusaders took him as their patron, and either in 1190 or 1228 the Order was founded. German hath therein the advantage of George-small, indeed, to one who is familiar with Cheops, or who steps with Plato or who even living back into the past, taketh post-prandial delights with Horatius Flaccus. Golden fleeces, lions, shields, spurs, and stoles, these have their order. Griffins, and Guelphs also-the latter celebrated as being the title of honour before our Queen lost Hanover, and took to the Bath. "What have you done with Sir Somebody Dash ?" asked a friend in-refer, ence to a troublesome place- hunter. "Oh ! I have E.C.H.o him," was the answer. Our ministers now K.C.B. the same class, and of course others also. Next in rotation of the alphabet we find the Order of St. Henry and of St. Holy Ghost (St. Esprit), which latter was the chief order of France before the Revolution But those ragged sans culottes who had overrun Italy, and thrown down various thrones, were taught not to believe in the St. Esprit, and for them Napoleon created the Order of the Legion of Honour; he found that that vain and rest less people must be decorated with some distinction, and he gave them that star with five split points, which has since become so' very famous, and which has since hung upon the breast of almost every Frenchman of distinction from Beranger to Thiers, and which now decorates many English soldiers, and more than one English artist, being the most regards order in the world. v W E Dye not gone through half the alphabetical list of Orders, nor mentioned a tithe of their number and yet our space is exhausted. Shall we invent another ? Do our men want an Order of Britannia a We think the suggestion, independently of a medal of the sort, as we have before said, existing, injudicious and weak. Orders and decorations may please our upper classes, but they are not relished by the hard workers of our fleets and armies, and a profusion of them will do more harm than good. The consciousness of having done a good action is a sufficient reward, without external mark. Our authors are quite content with plain names, our artists do not wish for any grander title than R.A. after their ; our great farmers and inventors, and men of science, are perfectly happy in belonging to the large families of plain John Browne, Smiths or Joneses. The plain r.«MÍ!«e"- «¿".Ü*1 î?"?,0' was Kínvon'MdrewIng an ignoble Sense and modesty which has hitherto distinguished (the nation, we would wish, at all hazards, to preserve. That was a wise and celebrated answer given by our bold Barons many hundreds of years ago :-.' Nblu mys Ifffts Anglia future." We do not wish to change the laws of England and if the written laws, why not these for more powerful, the unwritten , the laws of custom derived from father to son cisterns which have made this country honoured and foremost, and which will still render her bo. The fame which at each seaport town greets the brave seaman, which distinguishes him at his mess, and makes him a known I man. amongst his comrades, is worth all the Britannia medal orders in the world. 