MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1860. WE have received complaints on various occa- sions respecting advertisements that appear announcing births, marriages, and deaths which have never happened. Sometimes these have been clearly the offspring of malice, at others of that empty monkeyism which some persons mis- take for humour and cleverness. A journal cannot, of course, escape this abuse. Hundreds of advertisements reach us in one day, often at the latest moment ; they are delivered over the counter, commonly by strangers. Having nothing in them which could suggest the notion of bad faith, they pass as a matter of course. We know of no precautions by which this viola- tion of confidence can be averted. It is im- possible to escape by, any vigilance the snares of malice ; but there are many who do wrong without perceiving the consequences which may flow from it, or the awful moral responsibility it may occasionally entail. An advertisement appeared a short time back staling that a person, well known, had died, after an. illness borne with Christian resignation, and much more of the sort. This was a plea- santry for which some one thought it worth while to pay. The person whom it was intended to annoy doubtless read this notice of his death with some surprise, but would be consoled by the consciousness that he had not needed the assistance of the undertaker. We are not aware that any worse consequences flowed from this very dull joke ; but it might have been otherwise. The notices of a newspaper travel fast, and there are cases where a life is inex- pressibly precious. A loud wail of hopeless desolation might follow the reading of such intelligence. A family might be plunged into j deep affliction ; even life might be sacrificed by this idea of a great calamity. We can scarcely think that any man in whom human feeling is not extinguished could ever bo reconciled to him- self if such were the effect of this, wanton folly. In the appreciations of law, the motive is con- strued by the result ; a man who never dreamed of taking another's life is not the less a murderer in the eye of justice if, acting with reckless brutality, his conduct prove the cause of death to a neighbour. The evil of practical jokes has been so often proved by experience that no one has a right to disclaim an intention to do what it was natural to think might follow his conduct. We know that some constitutions cannot endure a severe shock ; every journal we take up shows by examples that a vast portion of the human family are so made that the surprise of calamity will at once blight the reason or break the heart. It is said .that " grief rarely kills. " We rather think its power is underrated-wc imagine that we have seen many waste away under the memory of blighted hopes, or an irremediable bereave- ment ; but lins is clear, that sudden alarm may be at once fatal, and that death may strike through the imagination before reason can rally to the. rescue. It is not long ago that a little girl died from the shock occasioned by seeing a coffin in the road moved by a string ; another became an incurable lunatic from the alarm of a ghost. What must have been the remorse of the guilty parties ? How such jokes develop into crimes ! The advertisements of births are often the results of similar malice. It is sometimes in- tended to cast a slur on the reputation, or to give prominence to facts which humanity would rather veil. These are things which reveal a base and malignant nature. No man, not in- curably vile, would stoop to embitter the cala- mity which leaves often a deeper impress on the innocent than on the guilty. We had, the other day, an advertisement of the mairiage of a gentleman on the shady side of forty-five. All was very prettily drawn up. Thero was nothing improbable on the face of it : but in the neighbourhood of the parties it was calculated to produce a loud laugh-and, no doubt, it did so. We may, however, readily imagine how a similar joke might lead to very bad consequences. We do not know why society should be amused by a false report which. may carry to some innocent person a fatal stab. Affairs of the heart are trifles only to third parties, but a young woman who is worthy to be loved could scarcely read such an announcement of her betrothal without emotions which no humane person could wish another to feel. We have chosen to treat this subject in its moral aspect. We have pointed out that as a joke, from its facility and meanness of inven , tion, it is very dull-that as an act of malice it is despicable-and that in its possible residts it may be brought into the category of crime ; but we have no doubt that persons making false advertisements not only unfairly expose the Press in certain cases to actions, but are them- selves liable to a process. The ruinous conse- quences which might result would furnish a justification for severe damages. If the law is not sufficiently stringent to reach cases where the feelings only are concerned, it ought tobe made so. The public convenience will not allow of delay which might serve to discriminate between the true and the false advertisement, and it would be alike the duty and interest of the Press to facilitate the detection of those who so grossly abuse its facilities. We owe no secrecy to people who turn an agency for good into a curse. It is not for the public interest that any man should have shelter from the just punishment of his M-rong-doing under the icica of newspaper inviolability. So far from this, we shall feel ourselves particularly bound, by our interest in the legitimate liberties of the public journal, to do our utmost to de- tect and bring to just punishment these often assassin-like, often silly, people who sometimes mean more mischief than they do, but who, also, _ not unfrequently, do mischief without meaning it. Practical jokers are always persons of weale understanding. One fool ties the tail of a horse to a manger ; another opens all the gates of a neighbourhood ; a third wrenches off knockers ; some run against every decent woman they can insult with impunity ; others give a false alarm of fire; and another set ring up all the doctors. Well, and where is the wit of all these things ? They merel)- show that a few mischievous idiots can give a good deal of trouble :-a thing society never doubted-a fact which it is no such mighty honour to have illustrated. Let us, however, shun uncharitableness. How small a quantity of brains fall to the share of many young gentlemen ! There is a danger that we should too much reproach the heart with absurdities which are excused by the weakness of the understand- ing. People who have no taste for books, who talk only of dogs and horses, whose man- ners are formed in the kennel, and whose aspi- rations never advance beyond the sensuous gratifications of a semi-barbarous life, are per- haps unable to appreciate the character of their own actions. Since nature abhors a vacuum, they are doomed, from the narrowness of their capacity, where nothing better can lodge, to everything small, mean, and contemptible. A RESPECTABLE contribution was forwarded from -New South Wales towards the Patriotic Fund that was raised to relieve the sufferers from the Indian mutiny. The contributors will be glad to learn that the fund has answered its purpose, and proved equal to the emergencies. The first thing to be done was, of course, to afford temporary relief to those who were left utterly destitute by the unexpected calamity which swept over the land. The total amount subscribed placed, at the disposal of the com- mittee, the handsome sum of £433,417 Ss. 9d., the magnitude of which sufficiently attests how widely- spread was the sympathy for the sufferers, and how generously their claims were responded to. It was a contribution , from all classes. The poor gave from their savings, and the rich gave of their abundance. It *;is impossible to contemplate this free-will offering in aid of the distressed without some emotions of pride in our country and our race. It shews that whatever divisions, political or religious, may divide us, there is still a common bond of union which is felt in a moment of adversity. The fund was rightly named patri- otic. The sentiment of nationality inspired it. Not one in a hundred of those who gave knew anything personally of the sufferers, or had any special interest in India, while from every colony and every ' distant dependency of the empire tributary donations came to swell the common fund. It was countrymen in difficulty and danger that the nation came forward with one heart to assist-countrymen engaged in the business of Government or commerce in that great Eastern kingdom which so much tempts the cupidity of rival European countries. The bestowal of temporary relief ceased at the end of 1859 in accordance with notice given to tho.t effect. Up to that time £137,286 18s. 7d. was sent to India to give relief on the spot to the necessitous, while £61,119 17s. 9d. was distributed in England to those who had re- turned. A sum of £10,330 10s. 6d. was also advanced by. way of loan to those who only desired temporary assistance while they could adjust themselves to their altered circum- stances, and whose honourable pride foibade them to accept more. The expenses of man- agement, which the auditors vouch has been economically conducted, absorbed nearly £8000, of which more than half was spent in necessary advertisements, only £1500 being consumed in salaries. The balance in the hands of the committee at the beginning of this year amounted to £239,154 ls. 3d., which if invested in consols M'ould yield an annual interest of more than £7000. This remains available to meet the steady and permanent claims that for years to come will full upon the fund. Immediate necessities having been re- lieved, there remains to make some modest annual provision for the widows and orphans, or for the permanently disabled. In the Times of June 30th, those who are inter- ested in the details will find a long advertise- ment of a column and a-half, in which the committee give an account of their stewardship,' and explain how they propose to act for tho future. Two-thirds of the temporary relief was dis- tributed in India, and the report does not give the number of the recipients, but they may be judged of by the operations of the London Committee, which gave relief to 57 officers, 143 widows of officers, 41 orphans of officers, 35 wives of officers, 81 relatives of officers, 730 disabled soldiers, 636 widows of soldiers, 831 orphans of soldiers, and 172 relatives of soldiers ; also, to 111 civilians to five civilians' wives, to 48 civilians' widows and orphans, and 13 relatives. Loans were , also given to 26 officers, and 28 of their rela- tives, and to 1G civilians and 13 of thoir relatives. These numbers are sufficient to shew 1 what a distressing amount of poverty and destitution there would have been but for the timely relief afforded, limited as that relief must in each case necessarily have been. Of the orphans of soldiers and sailors, 72 are placed in the various Protestant and Catholic charities, which abound in the United Kingdom, at an average annual payment for each child of £15. They are visited by members of the committees, and quarterly re- ports are regularly received of their state of health and progress. ? There are 362 disabled soldiers receiving six- pence a day, till they can get some remunera- tive employment. Besides these there are 1458 persons dependant on the proceeds of the fund, of whom 90 are in India. Of those in England the distribution is at present as follows :-490 widows of sailors and soldiers, who are allowed a small pension for life ; 26 of the same class, who, having obtained domestic service, receive a smaller allowance, it being arranged that if any of the remaining widows obtain employ- ment, the allowance to them will be diminished proportionately ; 312 male orphans, who are to be kept and educated till they are thir- teen years of age, when it is expected they will get apprenticed or placed out; and be able to begin the battle of life for themselves ; 352 female orphans who are allowed two years longer, but who at fifteen years of age, will cease to be provided for, and who must then find work or friends ; thirty male orphans who are being kept at public institutions till they are thirteen years old ; fifty-nine female or- phans also at public institutions till they are fifteen years old; sixty widows, or de- pendant sisters and mothers of officers, who must be provided for for life ; nineteen male orphans of officers, who are allowed sustenance till nineteen years of age, in consideration of the superior station in which they had been brought up, though the relief is to cease if they can get employment previously ; and twenty female orphans of officers who are to be provided for till marriage, the allowance to be reduced by twenty-five per cent, after they complete their eighteenth year. In- quiry has been made into each special case here enumerated, and the relief graduated according to the circumstances and position in life. A careful calculation has been made by an actuary, on the basis of the three per cent. Carlisle Life Tables, which calculation has been certified by the Vice-president of the London Society of Actuaries, of the capital necessary to purchase all these annuities, and it appears that the amount should be £279,911 ls. lld. This is in excess of the balance in the committee's possession by about £40,000. But then, to supply this deficiency, it appears that there are still a few outstanding balances to the credit of thc fund among the local committees, there are outstanding loans to the amount of nearly £9000, most of which will De honourably refunded, and there is also the possibility of several of the widows being re-marricd, and .so ceasing to be depend- ent on the fund. This last possibility has been calculated to a penny by the unimpassioned actuary, and been shewn by the indubitable logic i of logarithms to be expressed by the sum of I £29,609 17s. 5d. If .these incomings drop in, the committee will have a balance on the right i side of £20,000. But if the logarithms should I not turn out to be right, and if the widows should not re-marry to the extent calculated, there is at least this margin to allow for con- tingencies. The subscribers to the fund, therefore, have the pleasure of thinking that it has been just equal to the demands made upon it-that it has met the pressure ol urgent and immediate necessities, and provided a moderate and continuous assistance to those who require it. No money can restore the gaps in the shat- tered households, or bring back the dead. Bul it must at least be a consolation to the bereaved to feel that the nation has not been indifferent to their sufferings, and has done all that in its corporate capacity could be. done to help them in their remaining struggle with the world Time, friends, and religion must do the rest. 