the htuntd \- AN Australian VAKN. - ' " fFrom the Sontkcm-€k>urier?l wS 1 I had been invited by a friend foatoomptoj him about three hundred mites down toe 'jof par mmn-rivtoa, where he.had lately pure&toed; station, wril known for the large numbbr of borate;' wild' and branded, with ' which the adjacent country was overrun, but which from the unsuccessful result of various musters, had proytel p- badvecubtioo to. Jhe previous: owntoa As he was aiudous to get, a few sketches characteristic'bf wild hoifts Tuuuting .and feeling interesttomyBin- partiripatingini the frnfhcoming fun (for, they would kill, a man or two if I wished to see anything particularly exciting), Y took advan- tag® of-Yhe -opportunity, "and brifrgTtooushep with a good hack; arrived in dne ttoat .the head station at Wodonga. After tiie ftpiioto-' nous ride of 300 miles tiirough acohnbypearly a toti level of ritmaflg ' dreary , plaito and. aeruwiy'" foreti; -tiie nerai- clitoacter of the" pastoral lands of Anstralia, it. wasa reiiej .to witness the life smli feratje \pjaepttoy Sptiie. -foithcoiiiing.ransten— 3Qie- nnmber oLiaddles. hung over the rails in front, tandems andjiorse- men continually comii and filing, the huge pot and kettle in. continual requisition to satisfy the appetitte(«f tim.; nnmber p£.h?Ie, 8talrt peniSo tis>nge4boto„tiie iookedlike intended worir. .'Here were, congregtoed, tie squatters from the neiboring stations; 'totter .-and men, who as usnri-ausnchAitos£i0iis,-asGast jmeptuiolher,— stockmeukno|rn frifthor during :off a horse, somdio w ucyer, get hurt. In a day -fflr two.'rNirts being brought that one or two large mobs of borate had been seen In a part of the country favorable for running them; a strong party turned out torly, and the work commenced. ' Tbe usual plan in such case is to take the .tailers (that is, a number of horses previously run in, and somewhat quieted by bring guarded or tailed by .men- and boys during the day, and thai yarded at night) ont into some open plain, and it is the duly of the horsemen in charge-— goicrally the 'amateuis and men not wril mounted-— to keep them younded up, sometimes for boots .'together, until' they hear in the distance tire approach of of |he Wild mob, that the best men who know' the country have succeeded in gathering. Tbe wild lot will generally make1 for '.tie tailers. Eyety man then does his best to keep them loffidhei; iomefimte a ve diffirailt task, and" the ufrole go helter-skelter in the direction of theyard when vpry often Just within tit, the horses will break in all directions, defying toe utmost endeavors of the best horsemen to; . pursue-then and the whole day's work is lost The first tags days wraae unsutoessfiil, for we had to brmg tip ' taiiers home without any \- addition, (he man ytip went in pqneait fdani- ing jaded and disappointed, their horses (always the best), thoroughly knocked up, and.some- tunes completely rjiined. The wonder is, how horste witi the nrtditinnal weight of ridder and saddle can mtoage to keep tip. af. racing speed, sometimes for ten miles 09; a afrefr, trith the untamed torse Of the moantems. The third day, while yarning and Lvnoking nur pipes' round the fyilers, some ohe tierisrefbe betod the mob in the distance j listening attentively we could hear (fa AnJ Kb rthteit thunder. Jumping into onr saddles we waited their approach, and soon conld see fay 'the cloud of, dutt Withe«ige"lof theplain that tiierewasa Huge" crowd,' which the u galloppere" bad' Succeeded in hecding straightfor us. ' On- they darto 'the groimd trriiibling 'beneath' "their tod wiag eye-balls, flowing manes and toils, 'totorting and' frightened, leaping ova ; .yone' snotha, thqr intermingled with our lot;. who" seemed at their approach to become as wild asr the others; and away thundered the crowd in .the direction of 'the yards. . But veiy 'few did' we secure, for many would break off ' dashing over broken rocks, down steep declivities, through burnt pine scrnbbs (where the pojqted branches stick out like boms -just about Yhfe" hriit -of your 'head), but atill followed by many of the horsemen, when getting near their old haunts would Spring up " like 'kxnaioch ypnjjy|it3ifl IppkeHjcoekson xangeSp and akoi'lijig rhdjritifieadmaad tailserect, snort defiance at their pttraaaE Tbe tried noises .thri had been ridenin the hunt, were generally rested & day or two, and tire ;men Jnihe mean: whOe went on with thewo(k Ofetdting brand; uig, and backing those driven in. TTnE was the best part of the fon: they did nbt, as my friend half promised, kill a man, bjft they were yeryppax it more than once, for tie men, in tirir tivito fo be cohridered the' best _horae- meuj do the most dsr«-devil feats. I have seen wQd horses,jiist bropfit .inj.efrpng .tod -Tfril grown, thtowi"' bndled and saddled, jtium bmdGui9P9!g ; would not upstet jtie tidto. I "have ofiof wished .that Mr. &rey; "could try hip taming process git some of our botaes just hmtoAt in frnm tie bHti- During a laipvisit to England I bad to" opjrtumty of the celebrated hprse Cruiser gp titou his" per- . formances. He was beastly, Str and ringsh, 3»d nothiqg abogt Jm». hff in hted or jey to proye thath# wa8,oreyertod been,the wkied devil that l imagjjjjad- | hdieve ttie hof8e had been bsdfy handled whto "young- Tie ftot is,th0itimayhay(imtiyvd(u0qs hones in Enand, they do Bto-fadw. wltot a ftolfy ttold .homo, fre 'fr; swuntaans, is. . I )ihk|r')3 fiqi, 5 staged about a mOnth at the!toa-tiou, made' . » good many fekefabes, 'tod, hayihg' seenfobugh,' sorted alone on rify joutoeybmeinrirdiB. I had got within some tlurty miles of ihf ' desti nation, when my horse, that jiad. previously shown symptoms of distetea, bepme' completely knocked "tap. It was a mserahle dt7, tip rain pouted down, and p tntiiiig wind Wriy,- tip roads woe bgy,. mid. I did my; best to. uigt him on aome few miles fhrther, where! knew there wasa public house, hming thxtafieed and short vest would entole him jto-csriy.me hopie that night ; It was oh a drrary, dismal plain some few miles in exhent/at to .eleFatiou of(betwpen 2,000 and 3,000. fbet aBfoye tie sea level, and hto longgone by the name of tie Murderer's Hat, several murders having been ooinmjtted in ;tie nriiboihood1 The fpame was a rirbety tninble-downdld jdirxyti and fenote broken dovm ; the garden, bncegood, frill of tail, pank . weeds and brokai1 'ktged: treea ; wriadismriptolallinnndthje-hbaae. It wto called tie a cfod founder of the mmdered. man jstiU'1£talkJsboatthie DhU»-;Tle.:);iltoiihSratie IIBtelMig ade -of tie hons" where tie- tegyieSkiL The place was all hi confusion; I . tiey fiad'just taken possesrion, having come a-l ,a long-way actpte tie country for that purpob$ hut had no idea of 'the wretched place.it was; or itebaving tie reputation of being haunted. There. were two fine girls in -tie feurdly, and we tot and -chatted some timeaboiit 'ghosts1 and I haunted houses. - Pitying tie poor people;-fori I'bnew perfectly well that they had been i tieated, fievv travellces passing that way, anew -load having been lately opened, vtiich avrided ' tie 'house altogether ; but riot Idririg to.dis-; courage than by tdfing them so, I bade them' .'gbto riight) tod turned in.. The rain still beat and pattered against'tie rattling weatherboards, the wind blew in fitful gusts, beating tie devil's '-tattoo amongst tie loosened shingles -over my bead, tod shutting the crazy -did building to its foundation. I had slept some hours, I tioughywben awakening. I was puzzled at' 'first; as most travellers are who skip nightly., in different , hbuse-to forow Where J-was, and | .looked for tie'window," r which J thtoght was. at -tie_foot of tic bed, but it was not there. I' lifrbd' the bed curtain at my side,and -sawj h.ot lhe 'TrindoWj'but a. teU IStete0 spectral' Agnre.- " Ha te I tionit, as I drqpped'tie curtain, --"is this the ghostl"aadI steadied, my "thoughts. " The window can't be there;, for tl figure is just, behind the fireplace in tie., rititigji-ooin.? i® 'ghosts, but. 'tiey all say tie house is hannted, and I know \ for, certainty that murder has been done here, 1 perhain this very bed. XTl look again."' ! It was gone. "Hal I thought as" much ; an rmtiCri driusibn.J' riifted,tie curtain, wndstilL thetigure mtfitere. place -is dampl 'enough, goodness knows jit is aome phosphoric exhalation, tie - cause7 of tnany an innocent ghost before now." I looked hard, and it began to stalk slowly along to the end of tie room. Here it wavered as if undecided which way to go, I expected shortly to see it coining towards myselij but it slowly stalked back. " Confound it ! " I thought ; "this won't do," for my teeth began to chatter, tod my hair to bristle. Ghost' or ho ghoet, I must see what B ie ; " tod with clenched teeth ont I sprang and witi outstretched arms, staggered towards it, but I was only met by the walL Following it along to tie tod of tie room, I turned round, and the mystery was soon explained. The window which I could not see was -not at tie foot Of the bed, but at the side," tod bidden by bed- curtains (your curtains are capital accessories to ghosts); the window had also thick curtains, not quite drawn together, leaving, a space some two or tiree -inches wide ; behind tie curtains was one ofthe old fashioned transparentfigured hlin'rtg Some one on the opposite ride of tie house was moving from one zoom to the other with a cgnrtlg the light, Lining through tie narrow opening behind tie colored figured blind, caused tie phbsphoric- loooking spectre 00 the wall; and as tie candle moved, soit moved. Tumbling into bed, perfectly satisfied that I had laid the ghost; I conld not 'help- thinking how many authenticated ghosts have been created from tie same trifling causes. The morning was "atill gusty and rainy, but my. horse faeing.stronger, I floundered on through the bogfefrMtjrderer's Flat and at length got down to tie more sunny and cheerful parts of . tiglowrimhtiy. . - . 