SHAKSPERE SNUFFED OUT. Deab Punch,—There is a newspaper published in a right o' way, leading out of Bdurke-street—the Herald—which I am really sorry is not more extensively read, as occasionally there are to be found in its columns some well-written and instructive letters. The other day, a back number of this joiianal came into my hands in a way I need not stop to particularise, and I noticed in it an exceedingly sensible epistle pointing out the folly of the Shakspere tricentenary commemoration, about which we have lately heard. - So folly did I agree in the view expressed by the unknown sage, that I determined upon sending communication to the Herald myself with additional arguments of a similar character. Upon second thoughts, however, I perceived that two thing were absolutely necessary before a letter could possibly be useful, viz.i that i£ should be written, and that it should be read, and, to secure the latter desideratkin, I resolved upon forwarding it to you. And now to my subject. In the first place, I would ask whit reason there is for keeping up the 300th or any other anniversary of the birthday of this much belauded person—Shakspere ? He wrote Some good plays—granted. But has not Mr. Tom Taylor, Mr. Bourcicault, Mr. Lovellyand num- bers of others done the same in our own day ? Has not Mr. Akhurst, of this city, written some very tolerable burlesques ? Do we make a fuss about the birthdays of these gerittemen ? No, Yet they're alive, and Shakspere is dead, and has b&nd;&d; ever iSo long. But some admirers of the deceased may contend that his plays are much abler productions than those of any of the autk>rs I have named. Perhaps they are ; but still they are nothing extraordinary, as I shall proceed to show. . One of them which has been tremendously cracked up, called "Hamlet, Prince of Denmark," contains a vast nulhber of characters, and among the rest & silly young infin from whom the play takeB its name. From information, which this gentleman receifes from the ghost of his dead father, he becomes awafe that that respected parent was killed by Ms brother, Hamlet's uncle,—said cruel, and it may be averred, criminal relative having since mdiried the relict of the murdered man. , Hamlet resolves lipon revenging his father's death, but instead of doing ii, goes maundering about in pretended madness, frightens his sweetheart out of lier senses, 6ets Sail for foreign parts, has a prize fight with a friend and in the end does hot kill his uncle until he has slain a crowd of wrong people and is at the last gasp himself. All these faults of construction might bfe excused i£ in the mean time, the language of the play were clever or sparkling; but it is as dtdl aa ditch-water "Tti be or not to be, that is the question?" O my prophetic soul, mine uncle!" "O horrible 1 0 horrible rt I most horrible I" " Therms something rotten." " Look here upon this picture ani on this." " By the mass and 'tis like a camel." " It is like a weasel." " OF like a whale." " What sin ass I am, &c.; &c.; These are the choice bits of the play. Yet are they to be compared for wit, genius, and beauty, with many, which did space allow I migTit cull from Frank Fowler's " Southern Lights and Shadows" or the composition of the inimitable Stitt Jenkins ? I say no, Sir. Yet where is the statue to Fowler or Jenkins ? The fact is that Shakspere, when you come to look into his works, turns out to be a very third rate writer, and, were he alive, I doubt if he could secure an engagement on a good up-country journal. The world has been accustomed to take his merit upon credit; I have taken the trouble to read his works all through, and do not feel myself a bit the wiser. Compared with Watts, the glorious hymn writer, he sinks into insignificance. A Statue to Watts if you like, but let us henceforth have no more of Shakspere. I remain Dear Punch, Yours obliged Y. De WAKE. 