The Purgatory of the Priests, and .the Pookets of ( the People. To the Edttors of the Maitland Mercury. GENTLEMEN-I am aware it is very much a work of supererogation to answer the Rev. Mr. Kenny's letters», At tho same time many are apt to think that, if suoh communications are not answered, tbey are un- answerable; and I am unwilling that error should have the benefit of this inference, especially error so deadly as the popish doctrine on the subject of purgatory. This doctrine, as is shewn in my lecture on the '' Heathenism of Popery," is based' upon the following distinction» : (1) that the punishment due to sin is of two kinds, eternal and temporary, and that when God in justifica- tion remits the eternal punishment of it, a temporary punishment, whioh must be endured either here or here- after, may still be due to it; and (2) that there are two kinds of sin, mortal and venial, the former exposing^ to eternal punishment, of which, however, the remission may he obtained in this life, and the latter to temporary punishment. Applying these distinctions, the Church of Rome teaches that there are three different 'states in whioh mon die-some being liable to the eternal punish- ment of sin, some to its temporary punishment only, and others to neither; and that, while those of the first- tlass pass at once into the place of eternal misery, and those of the third into the place of eternal blessedness, those of the second are detained in purgatory, that they may there undergo tho temporary punishment due to them, and, being thus purified, may pass on to Heaven. Ac- cording to this doctrine, what renders purgatory neces- sary is, that some die in a state of liability to temporary punishment, either for mortal sin of whioh the eternal punishment has been remitted to them, or for venial sin ; and, therefore, if men do not die in such a state, there is no room for purgatory. Now, in the first plaoe, none die in a state of liability to temporary punishment for venial sin, for there is no venial sin-none venial in the sense in which the Church of Rome employs the term. Mortal sin is described as "killing the soul," and "bringing everlasting death and damnation on it," while venial sin is desoribed as doing neither of these. The Scriptures, however, re present all sins as mortal. "The wages of sin," tbey teaoh ÜB, "is death."-Rom. vi., 23. They do not say that the wages of some sins is death, while there are other sins of which death is not the wages, and which, therefore, are not mortal ; what they say is, that " the wages of sin"-of sin of every kind and degree-"is death." Thus, according to the Scriptures, all sins are mortal. How can any sin be otherwise than mortal, when the Apostle James says, " Whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all."-Ja. ii., 10. And we elsewhere read, " Cursed is everyone that continueth not in all things whioh are -vritten in the book of the law to do them."-Gal. iii, IO. In the second place, believers shall not be visited after death with any punishment, temporary or other- wise, in purgatory or elsewhere. " There is no condem- nation to them which are in Christ Jesus."-Rom. viii., I. And, as "there is no condemnation to them," of course they shall not be visited with punishment. Therefore " blessed are the dead that die in the Lord." Rev. xiv., 13. Thus there is no room for purgatory. It is said to be a place In which venial sins are punished, but there, are no venial sins to be punished anywhere. It is said to be a place in which justified persons, who, when they die, are liable to some portion ot the tempo- rary punishment of mortal sin, endure such portion of it; but justified persons are not liable to any punish- ment after death-"there is no condemnation to them." There is no such purpose to be served, more or less, as the purpose for which it is said to have been provided. In the case of those who believe, for whose benefit it is professedly intended, there is nothing what- ever left to be done in it; for Christ "saves them to the uttermost." (Heb. vii 25) Thus purgatory does not at all fit in to the gospel system ; and, instead of form- ing a part of it, involves the same sort of contradiction to it, that a machine, for dragging down to the earth stones and other heavy bodies that remained suspended in the air, would involve to the physical system of the nniverse, in whioh the law of gravitation occupies so in- fluential a place. Under the operation of the go-pel system, no case ever occurs, or can occur, in which a be- liever is liable to punishment after death ; and under the operation o' the physical system of the universe no case ever occur», or can occur, of a heavy body remaining suspended in the air. Thus, there is literally nothing to do tor purgatory, as there would be nothing to do for our supposed machine. But, notwithstanding that the doctrine of the Church of Rome on the subject of purgatory is thus in direct contradiction to the teaching of tho Scriptures, Mr. Kenny holds that it is itself taught in them. In his second letter be adduces the very same passages in sup- port of it that he adduced in his first: and, as he does not at all meet what I have advanced to show their inap- plicability, I might consider any further reply to the reasoning which he founds upon them unnecessary. For the sake of those, however, who are deluded with such sophistry, 1 will offer some remarks in refutation of it. But before I proceed to do so, I must call upon the reader to observe that it is one thing to derive a doctrine from the Scriptures, and quite another thing to derive it from some other source, and then bring it to the Scriptures for support. When a doctrine has been fairly derived from the Scriptures- learned not elsewhere, but from them-it can be shown that they teaoh it in its whole extent ; but when a doctrine has been de- rived from another source, and then brought to the Scriptures for support, some expressions may probably be found that may seem to imply some- thing like it. The ocourronoe of suoh expressions, however, is not onoutrh to prove that the dootrine is a scriptural one, and ia quite consistent with its being unsoriptura], and even in irreconoileable contradiction to the scriptures. Now, all that can be done in the direc- tion of procuring scriptural support for purgatory, is to adduce a few expressions, that, if you have already the idea of it in your mind, may be so twisted and tortured as to present some appearance of referring to It, not of teaching it. Mr. Kenny's first passage is Matt, x'ti., 32-'. Whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not bo forgiven him, neither in tbis world, neither in the world to come." Clearly, this passage does not teach that there is a middle state in which justified per- sons suffer temporary punishment for their mortal sins, and the punishment of venial sins, that they may be thus purified and fitted for heaven. Let it be granted, for argu- ment's sake, that it may be made to bear some appearance of referring to suoh a plaoe ; still an appearance of refer- ring to it is not enough-we need a passage or passages in whioh we are taught everything respecting it that we are required to believe. And where is such a passage? Nowhere in the scriptures. From the declaration that the sin against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven in the world to come, Mr. Kenny infers that other sins are forgiven in that world. But how does the passage, though we were to accept this view of it, prove that there is a place in the world to come in which they are punished? It is, surely, strange reasoning that, because sins are forgiven In tho world to come, there is a place in that world In which they_ are punished; and it is as a place in which they are punished that purgatory is described. Mr. Kenny gets over this difficulty with characteristic facility. " I answer," he says, "you can come to no other conclusion, beoauso sins are not forgiven in heaven, nothing defiled can enter there-nor in hell, for there is no redemption. There must then, from this text, be a middle state or place of punishment, call it purgatory or what you please." There is reasoning for you. oin is not forgiven in heaven, nor | yet in hell, and therefore, because IL is forgiven in the world to come, " thero must be a middle state or place of punishment !" To forgive sin and to punish it are two I opposite modes of dealing with it; but, no matter,' according to Mr. Kenny's logic, if a passage implies that sins are forgiven in the world, to come, It proves that there is a place there in which they are punished ! But we have not at all done with tho difficulties whioh attend the application of this passage to purgatory. It is only of thu sin against the Holy Ghost, the most heinous of sins, that it declares that it will not bo forgiven in the world to come; and this declaration, if it im- plies that any other sins will be forgiven in that world, implloB that all other sins will be forgiven in it. This however, is very different from what'tlie Ohiiroh of Rome teaohos. 'iho dootrine of that ohuroh is, that mortal sinB ure dealt with in purgatory BO far only as regardB their temporary punishment, and that venial sinBulone »re dealt with theie in their whole extent. The passaT . nder consideration knows nothing of these digtiuotions. it it implios that other sins than that ugainst tho Holy I «host wo forjpen in the world to oome, it implies that they are forgiven there-fully and effectually forgiven and that all of them are forgiven alike, and not that a small fraotion of the'forgiveneas of some siniFn«tmely, ofr mortal ones, is received, and of venial sins the forgive nesB either in part or in whole, as the case may be. Thus, even according to Mr. Kenny'B own interpretation f of it, it teaohes a doctrine widely different from that > of v_ his ohurotí with respeofc to pnrgatory. ,, r ', But Mr. Kenny's interpretation is erroneous. ^ Even , Cardinal Bellarmine, one of the greatest champions of Popery, admits that the statement, that blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven, neither in, this world, neither in the world to come, does not, ac- ' oording to the rules of logio, imply thot other sins shall be forgiven in the world to oome. The statement in question is simply a Btrong assertion that the sin specified shall never be forgiven. At the same time the form It assumes is in strict harmony with doctrinal truth. While the Scriptnres teach, in the most clear and decided manner, that snob, sips as are not forgiven in this word shall never be forgiven, there is a sound sense in which it may be said, that nil the Sins that are forgiven in this world shall be forgiven in the world to come; for, on the day of judgment, God will finally and con- clusively deal ia meroy with his people, reiterat- ing and consummating the exercise of his meroy towards them, as regards all the permanent effects of its , exercise, suoh as the pardon of their sinB and the accep- tance of their perBons. This view is presented in'the ' beatitude, " blessed are the merciful, for they »hall' ob- ' tain meroy." They have already obtained it, but they ' . shall obtain it finally and fully on the Day of Judgment. ' See my "Exposition of the Sermon on the Mount," p. 51. . Accordingly, the force of our Lord's statement is, that whosoever speaketji against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven ¿im, and he cannot esoape final condemnation and ruin-this reference to the final judgment being evi- dently intended to impress the more deeply upon the hearers a sense of the heinonsneBS ofHhe sin,- tWvery verge of which they had already reached. This interpre- tation is in accordance with the teaohing of other por- tions of Scripture, and with the language of the passage to which it ia applied, But, whether it is accepted -or ' not, let it be remembered that, as I have already shewn, our passage, even though taken accord- ing to the Popish interpretation, gives no Countenance or support to the doctrine of Purgatory. Mr. Kenny next adduces 1 Cor. iii., 15, which, he Bays, " is an important passage in favor of purgatory." Let the passage be read, then, and let us see what ground ha has for regarding it in this light. " If any man's work ^ . shall be burnt, he shall suffer loss ; but ho himself shall be sav« d, yet so as bv fire." Now, can any man learn from this p asace that there ia a place in which justified persons, who, when they die, are liable to some portion of the temporary punishment due to their mortal and venial sins, or to either of them, are detained to suf- fer suoh portion of it ; and that their detention in it may be shortened by masses, which the priests will say for their benefit, if thev are paid, and so long as they are paid for doing so. Tb is is the dootrine of purgatory ; and will Mr. Kenny have the hardihood to say that it is taught in our passage? And, as it is indisputable that it is not taught here, where else is it taught T Nowhere in the Bible. The Churoh of Borne found it elsewhere, and, in dealing with protestants, she reluctantly brings it to the Bible for support. But the Bible will not sup- port it. Nothing can prove this more conclusively than the passages adduced as supporting it. Here are those adduced by Mr. Kenny-Mat. xii. 32, 1 Cor. iii. 15, Mat. xiij 36, Bev. xxi. 27, Prov. xxiv. 16. Now, let any one turn up those passages in his Bible, and read them in succession, and let him then say for himself .whether they teach the dootrine of purgatory. He will feel that they do not teach it-that such a doctrine could never io learned from them. As regards 1 Cor. iii- 15, the passage at present under consideration, » it plainly refers to the day of judgment. Mr. Kenny refers it to " the judgment after death," by whioh, I suppose, he means that immediately after death ; hut this reference of it is inadmissible. In y. 13, the time to which it refers is cal ed " the day," which can only be understood of the great day, the day of judgment. But, according to the dootrine of the Churoh of Borne, those who go to purgatory, go to it immediately after-death, and not on the day of judgment. And, then, the passage applies to teachers and not to believers in general, as l8 - evident from the preceding context, in which the apostle Bays, " as a wise master-builder, I have laid the founda- tion, and another buildeth thereon," referring to bis own labours and to thoso of others as teaohers. But, accord- ing to the Church of Borne, pnrgatory is a reoeptaole, not for teachers only, hut for believers generally. This passage does not apply to it therefore. And, further, the apostle does not say, "he shall be saved by fire," but "he shall be saved yet BO as by fire," tbat ii, in a man- ner analogous to being saved through fire- in a manner analogous to that in which one is saved whose goodB are burned, but he himself escapes through the fire. In interpreting this passage, Mr. Kenny disregards the rule of his church, that no one is to take any passage of Soripture in a sense that is not in accordance with' the " unanimous consent of the fathers." It so happens that on this passage, as on many others, there is no " unanimous consent of the fathers." The fathers are far from being of one mind with respect to the meaning of it. It is thus a passage which the papist ia forbidden, to understand. He is not to understand a syllable of the Roriptures but according to the unanimous consent of the fathers, and here there is no Buch consent. This passage, therefore, he is not to understand at all. In a former letter I showed that Prov. xxiv. 16 does' not bear the sense in which Mr. Kenny adduces it. After quoting this passage, "A just man falleth teven times," to which he adds " a day," he asks, " If he die in his sins will he go to Hell?' To this I answered, if he had read the next clause, "and riseth up again," he might have learned from it that he will not die in his sins. Indeed, the design of the proverb ia to contrast the safety of "thejuBtman" with the exposure of "the wicked" to ruin But, notwithstanding this correction of his mis- application of the passage, he still persists in it, withont the slightest attempt to defend it, only omitting "a . day," svbich he had formerly foisted into the quotation. There is very little use in reasoning with one who is ca- pable of this sort of pertinacity, so discreditable either to his candour or to his intelligence. I am sorry to find that Mr. Kenny indulges in the hardihood ot assertion that ha» always distinguished the controversialists of his churoh. I do not know whether in his case it springs from ignorance or from a worse source ; but it springs from the latter in the case of many. He maintains, in glaring contradiction to the faots of the case, that all who believe in a middle state and offer prayers for the dead believe in purgatory ; and then, in proof of this position, the asserts that the Greek Church " prays for the dead and believes in purgatory." But the Greek Church prays for the dead and' does not believe in purgatory. This is a well-known faotof wbiob no proof is necessary, but 1 may refer him for proof to Jowett's " Christian Researches," p. 17. It need not be wondered at that popish priests are zeal- ous for the dootrine of pnrgatory ; and be that bas been unscrupulous enough to embrace it, cannot be expected to be scrupulous in defending it. Purgatory is pro bably the most powerful engiue the Church of Borne has invented-and she has invented many-for extort- ing money from her people, and she makes all the use of it for this purpose of whioh it is capable. It may be ' said that, practically, every body goes to pnrgatory; and, then, for delivering from its torments those who go to it masses and prayers mnst be said by the priests, and those masses and prayers must be paid for-they will not bo said othorwise. Who can calculate the sums that are thus extorted from a confiding and deluded people, and extorted often fiom those who oan ill afford tho worse than usólos» expenditure ? _ If I continue this controversy, 1 shall probably issue either periodical or occasional short tracts. Mr. Kenny, by defending the tenets of his Churoh in a newspaper, has called upon his oo-religionisU, as well aB upon others, to judge what he says. Let the members of the Church of Borne accept this challenge. Let them ex- amine for themselves the subjeots be disousseiJ i Let them examine the subject of purgatory. He maintains the dootrine of purgatoiy is taught in the Bible. Let ) them read the passages in whioh he says it is .taught,» and let them judge for themselves. Uould they have learned it from those passages Î If they read them with care and candour thoy cannot but feel they could not. Mr. > Kenny submits the matter to their judgment! let them i exercise their judgment upon it. , *, I am, áo, 35S1 WILLIAM M'INTYRB. 