I "RAILWAYS IN CALIFORNIA. " , TH« following, froto the- HarytviXle Erpreti, shews th« rate at which they carry on railway works in the infant state of California. It refers to tis lina between San Francisco and Marysville;-"Twenty-one niles of the road are now graded and ready for the arose ties, twelve miles of that portion is in Satter county, four in Yolo, and five in Solano, and the grading ia now progressing at tba rate of ten or twelve miles per month. The con- tracts for the grading in Satter county expire on the 1st | of June, (hose in Yolo and Solano expire on the 1st of July. The contractors in Sutter expect to complete their work in about a month. Those in Yolo and Solano are very confident that their .work will he finished . before their time expires. Messrs. Bunting and Watson, T. 3 isherwood and Nelson and Patterson, are the contractors for Sutler ; and wheo eompleted there will be seventeen miles of continuons grading in that county. James .O'Brien has the oontraat for Yólo, 'including twenty miles. Tour fciles is now graded, and tbe work is progressing at the rate of a mile per week. Hiokok and Co, are the contractors for Solano, but they have sub-let their contract to several 'parties. The length of their contract is twenty miles, five miles of which are completed, and the work pro- gressing at the rata of a mile and a half per weeV. Should these contracts be completed bef ire their expi- ration, the entire road to Saison City will be graded, with the exception of two and a half miles of tule lands iii Sutter county, which will be graded as soon as the. dry weather sets in and the condition of the «¡round will admit of it. The iran is purchased and a part of it is expected to arrive in a uhort time. The rolling stock is ordered, aud will be here by the time the grading is completed. Tbe road is represented to be or) a firm and solid basis. There are 300,000 dollars-of available .stock in tbe hands of private ponies. Yuba and Solano counties have subscribed200,000 dollars each thus making the total amount of available stock, 700,000 dollars. ' This, with the splendid donations of land made by the < State to the road, with other resources, ia con. sidered ample to. secure tho construction of the road. We are informed that it is tba intention of the oompany to commence laying the iron as soon ss the grading is 'completed. 'The work will be oommenoed at Suisun city, Marysville,, and' the . Sacramento Uiver. . Starting from the latter . polar, the track will ba laid in both directions-that is to say, towards Marysville and Suisun, so that the work will progress as rapidly as possible. About one hundred hands are now at work on the road. Wo have given these details for the benefit of the publio, as there appears to be a general ignóranos concerning tba progress and con- dition of the road. The meeting of the stockholders will take place on the 10th May, about three weeks hence, when the annual report will be published, making a fall exhibit of tbe oondition of the road, the progress of the work, its finanoial condition, icc.- The ultimate terminas of tbe road is to be at Vallejo, but for the present Suisun city will ba the stopping point. This plaue is situated ina large slough making out from- Suisun bay. The lough is of sufficient oapaolty to admit with : ease the orgeat class steamers which ran ;the Sacramento river. SEER HUNT EXTRAOBDINAUY.-Reoently, a young min named "Walter Clark, living with William O. Myer, near Eagle Mills, Southern Oregon, started out upon a deer hunt over the hills in that neighbourhood.' Pre- sently heoama upon a fine, noble buck, quietly, feeding at long distance. The hunter oantioasly. drew up to- wards his prey until within fair rifle shot, when he blazed away, as he thought, with deadly aim. 1 Not sd, however. The animal was only wounded, and that so slightly that he started oil in lull bound, his speed evidently aeceler ted by the leaden remainder that lia had , so unceremo- niously received. It was useless for our Nimrod to give ohase, for tbe antlered game was breaking1 over the groond at a pace that defied all human agility in pedes- trianism., A good deal mortified at his unlucky shot, Clark proceeded to reload bis long Mississippi shooting iron, inwardly resolving to make surer work of the next bnck that oroBsed his path that ' day. He bad barely rammed the ohargs well home, when a rustling in the brush a little way off directly ahead, attracted bis gtze' that way. He looked just in time to see the last of a very exoiting, fearfully desperate trial - of speed between his late intended victim and a huge, hungry, gaunt speoimen of the panther found'in this region. The hunter's shat, tbe consequent loss ot blood, and the savage chase of tho monster, were over- much for the poor buck, and at the very moment that be bad left tbe clear field, where tbe raoe commenced, and was well in the brush, full upon him sprang with mor- tal grip a panthar from a clump near by. This other ravenous brute had there snugly concealed himself, in- tently watching tbe race for life and death wbioh tho poor animal waa making with his brother panther. In a twinkling, both of these ferooious devils had poanced upon-the fallen deer, and quite an interesting disputation with teeth and claws was promised between tho two as to which should possess and enjoy the delicious prize. 'Unfortunately for them, there hod been a hugely en- raged spectator of this scene. Recovering from his amazement- in good time, ? however. Clark watched his oha«!?»., und taking a little more deliberate aim tbnn ho ' had nt the buck, fired et tbe bruto facing towards hita. The shot was instantly fatal, and the perforated "varmint" gave up tho ghost, and his right and title to the daer, with a death-howl mora loud than musical. His brats adversary seemed taken aback at this, and evidontly rcakonisg that taut was no p'noe to dine nt, gave a few whirls of his "narrative." then a loap and howl in concert, nnd made for tho woods in a style that showed he intended not to stand upon tbe manner of bia going, but would go nt once. Oar perplexed but victorious hunter, after Irs dead shot at tho first of this " bad pair to draw to," had quickly re- loaded fer a big ready at tho " t'other feller," but before be could bring bis piece to -shoulder, the intended recipient of its contonts bad made such good use nf bis m usait) and bottom, that ibero was no chance ol admin iste'ririH the " pill." Clark then repaired to whore the body of trio'1 buck lay, fonnd it but little torn; snvo an ugly death bite in its neck, quartered it, and in duo time pa ok td it off home. Ile didn't exactly, kill it him sell, but as be killed the chap tli.jt.dii), bia conscience, nb dot!lit,' wns easily reconciled.-JaacJionvVU Sentinel. EMEUTE AT THE UENEIUI. POST-OFFICE.-'On' Tuesday morning, at ll.o o'clock, a very heavy Australian mail arrived at the obief office. St, MurtinVle-Gmnd. tho lut- ter!) by which wera sorted, and sont out with tho first dfi'ivery. Tho porters oöntinued "working up to niuo o'clock, «hon they left off with the intention of goiog to their hornes. Mr. Steel, however, on» of tho assistant j inspector*; ordered them io atop and sort the papers. A few.of tho mon then waited upon Mr. Partridge, tho deputy controller on duly, nnd requested to know whe- ther they were reqnir»ri to «top, aa tbeir'dufy conoluded at nine o'clock. Mr. Partridge replied that he really did not know-he bad no power to act in tho. matter, either to bid them stay or go, and advised them to soe Mr. 15-ilcenhura, chief controller. A deputation accordingly waited upon that, gentleman, who rensoned with them, nnd implored them to do their duty, as a refusal would place bim in a perilous position. He said he deeply sympathised with . their 'hardships, and would ? do everything in his power to «meliorate their condition', and that they cortainly should bo relieved from the oppressive mid-day duty which had lately bpen imposed upon them- Tho. men then osma out from Mr. Bnkenhn'm's office into the inland office, followed by Mr. Bakenhámand Mr. Boucher. As eoon.ns tbosa gentlemen reached tho inland office, the sorters mounted the tables and give throe cheers for Mr. Bakenbam and a groan tor Mr. Boucher. The cheers for ' Mr. Bakenham were so long and loud as to attract tbs passers by, who collected io oensidorábla. numbers outside the office. The sorters were'for som o'timo stedfast in, their refusal to sort the paperp, bat at lost yielded to the appeal and promises of Mr. Bitkenkam, who said he really did not wish them to work more than eight hours, »nd that. their early at- tendance should certainly be taken into consideration. The men then set 'at work, and ev-ry available hand in tho shape of carpenters, messengers, labourers, ic, .that, could- be obtained : waa- got' together to carry the "papers round to the Borters, and to collect thom when sorted. ("Mr. Bakenham. had had, th o kind con- sideration to Bf nd those men home who.bad been em- ployed on the mid.day duty tho previous' day.) When, however, tba letter carriers returned from their walks, they refuBod to a man to take tba papers ont for delivery, and the conseqaenoe wac, that the authorities had no alternative but to send out as. many as they could by everyXondon district delivery, and large quan- tités were left undelivered at tbe commencement of the evening duty. Thus, the crisis, that has so long been -tbreatenening, has at last arrived, the men having come to the .determination to make a resolute stand against the oppressive system wbioh bas so long and BO unrelent- ingly been exercised against theda. What the authorities intend doing now remains to be seen. Xet ns bops, however, that the men will he well supported in their just "endeavours to ameliorate their long oapressed oondition.-Lloyd's Newtpaper, May 13. HERBST IS TUB Currara.-Tho Court of Arches, on the 26th April, gave judgment for the promoter in a suit pro- moted by the Bishop of Winchester against the Kev. Duncan Isidore Heath, M.A., vicker of Brading, in the Isle of White, for having maintained doctrine contrary to the established church, of which" he is a minister. The doctrine complained of by the promoter was contained in a small volume of sermons, ID in number, and the specific complaint was that Mr. Heath's doctrine contravened the 2nd. 3rd, 8th, 10th, llth, 12th, 13th, 14tb> 15th, SStb, 27Ui, nnd 28th articles. NATOKÍI SCIENCE AT COVBTI-All the world know that Professor Owen ia now delivering a series of lecture on Natural History at Buckingham palace,. before he Majesty md the little people there. This event is no in itself very remarkable, since it is the privilege o greatness to adorn itself with the most recent ' triumph: of soirace, and to gather the latest news of natural dis co very, no lesa than to profit bjr tba nighest develop menta of haman power and skill in-all other department! of labour. It is rarely that so distinguished a naturalis will consent to confine his prelections to an audience sc limited ; but, on the other hand, it is jet more rare thai he should find willing and appreciate listeners of so di° tinguished a rank, and whose impregnation with a lov. of natural - science may so "favourably influenae thc progress ' of the science in tbis country It ia this consideration which ? gives tc these lectures something niora' than a private importance. Physiologists and naturalists have long and not very successfully denounced thej insuffioient system of ednoation adopted in all oar publia and private sohools and ia the universities-sj system whiob makes the teaching of words and forms! of speech a finality, and which ignores to an absurd degree all teaohing of faets. The most highly educated of our university students, and tbs most common., place lad leaving a middle-class school, enter upon life with more or less knowledge of french and latia composition, and of algébralo sad mathematical soienoe, but wholly ignorant of the names of the thousand objeols of nature which surround bim, no. versed in the laws by wbi;h he Uvea and breath ea,' and unacquainted with any detail of the struoture of bis own frame or that of any living. creature. Ea falls an easy prey to violons pleasures, because be has no power to derive ' amusement from the myriads of natural objects which surround i him, . They ora beau- tified for» his inspsotion, but his instructors leave bini to regard them with the vacant, stare of untaught dulness. He becomes the. early victim of every'kind of obarlataD, beoause no man «an talk to bim nonsenso so gross but that his ignorance will swallow the fabrication. Probably fashion and example may now lend valuable aid to reason and argument in enforcing the teaohiag of natural soienoe in sohools snd families, ia a manner which will at once inform and discipline the mind.-27« Lancet.. ' . , ... ,.._'..'..,..''. PEBUHEO IN THE SNOW.-Louis Haet, a Frenohmau, perished in the snow at Goodyear'* Hill, Sierra comity, on 11th April. He was in tba employ of the Sierra Turnpike Company, had been'sent out on nn errood, and froze to death on the way. His body was found the next day. On April 7th, a man named Reynolds perished in the snow near Forest City, Sierra county. The San Juan Pms says of the last cate-" Three men started afoot from Forest City, during the fearful storm that was still ragtag, bound for their homes at Hock Creek, about three miles distant. Tbs snow was breast deep,and they, were, forced to break,their own trail. The severe labour required to do this, and the extreme cold, whioh was increased by wet clothes, caused oneof the party to give out about half- way on tba journey.. At. the suggestion of another, who had formerly been a moun- tain expressman, end bad gone through many a storm, the exhausted maa was placed in a hole dug in the snow near a tree trank, and covered over for the purpose of keeping him warm nntil help could ba procured. Tni? two then proceeded, but, before reaoliipg their destina- tion, one gave out, and sank down, utterly,unable to go farther. Be refused to be aovered like the first, end was left lying where he sank j w.bile the third man, who was well nfgh worn;out by this time, pushed on'through the thick-falling snow for aid. "When he at last reached the camp ou Rook Creek, he was ready to sink with, fatigue and cold. A relief party started off for his com- panions at once. The one who was left uncovered, .was found dead; the other, sheltered by tho'snow, wnB alive and warm, and has since reoovered from tba, effects, of bia dreadful trip.--Sah Francisco Ciitólin, April 28.¡ ANTESILTIVIAK ,SLOTHS.-The sloth is another of the South American animals whick, .possesses peculiar interest in connection', with . the remains of extinct species. President Jefferson, of tbç United' States,' was tho first to draw attention to some claw bones louiùi on his - estate, whioh he imagined ? to ' ba the remains of a large lion Baron Cuvier, to ? whom they'wero sent, ' ascertained 1. by ,-' examination , ct, the bono that there was no provision . for the- retractile movement of the olaws peouliar to the felino animals, and be ascribed the fossil remains to some'filgnntio'ani- mal allied to sloths, and to.whioh be gave the . name megatherium. Professor Owen described at length the process by whioh; naturalists/bad, step by step, been able to arrive at a clear notion of the form, natara, and habits of this mammoth sloth. Tho large daw in thio hind foot indicated its use for,,'digging tho 'great size and strength of the heel bono, and tho glgantio pro- portions of the bones of the hind legs, bore evidence that they sustained'an animal of immense weight; the huge tail rested on the ground in saoh: rninner -ss to assist in supporting the body wbea i Upright ; the for?, arms were of-great -strensrtb?' and" the hands were armed with long dawe. ..The collar-bone was formed for multiplicity of nation, : and - exceeded ' in pro- portionate size that of a msnpwhioh is'greater than tbat of any other animal j' the teeth bore' evidenco of its being a vegetable feeder; and its anatomical construc- tion resembled that of the sloth and of the armadillo. As an animal of that size "could not climb 'trees like o slotb.lt became an interesting question how it could renou tho leaves it fed apon. This question was solved by considering tho use of the great;claw in the bind foot, whioh vas evidently intended for digging. The inferende drawn from this Bpeoial provision, and from tho general Btruotnre of the bones, was that tho megatherium ob- tained its food by loosening tba earth from tho roots of a tree, and then, raising itaelf on the hugo tripod formed by ita hind legs and its tail, it seized hold of n branch and pulled the tree to tho ground. Tho nature of the food it lived on was further proved by its having pos- sessed a lon« . giraffii-lilce tongue for seizing leaves and branches.-Frofcisor Owen's Lectures. - NEW jwrp STRANGE.-A correspondent of the Calcutta Englishman, writing from Soatb Cacbar. soys :-" I hove caught a Pterodacty t I have him t There is no mis- take about it, a winged lizard,, o tiny typo of the eitinot dragon-like monBter, 1 noctivagoas and insectivorous,' that did police duty in the atmosphere of tho ancient world. I have bim.shut ap in a bottle for tho inspeo* lion of the incredulous. He is dearly, as far as wings and body go, the intermediate link between a bird.and a reptile, and if he wera only larger would ' mako n r, s peotable. dragon." The same writer is in raptaros at the discovery of a new inseot on th» loaves and trunks of the Upas tree, ',' so beautiful that no language can adequately describe 'it." . The insect is of an oval Bbape, with a body about the size of a small beetle, end long bind legs like a grasshopper; ,with whioh it can leap about a yard and a half. " It is as white as un sunned snow, and has a tail like that of tho peacock, which it erects and depresses at pleasure, - TbiB tail is snow-like and feathery, and when ereot the tips droop over, and overshadow the creature's body in grooefal felds, like a tuft of ostrich feathers oa the hoad of a ball- room belle; Nothing can bs conceived more beautiful than the snowy whiteness and wavy folds of the dis- tended tail of this most remarkable inseot, and tbe creature travals along the upas with all the pride ond haughty, demeanor of a straiting peacock ia pairing time." Apropos 'of the Unas tree, which appears to abound in the province of Cachar, the Barao writer describes it as " a large lofty tree, with a elena straight trunk, whioh exudes a gam of an acrid quality, lt covers the Bkin with a tetter, and in some instances with bad sores, when dropped upon it. The planters say that ! its timber is good, but they cannot get the j natives to out it." While touching npon " strange" things, we may note an account gives by Harper's Magazine, of New York, of tho " Mermaid of Japan. Thia creature is described as being about 18 inches high, and its picture represents a very queer sort of fish indeed, the head being something like tho human, or rather like a young monkey, and tho arma terminating in web feet, like those of a frog. The tail U that af a scaly fish. Tran, FOB MUHDEB AT GLASOOW.-At the Glasgow Circuit Court ot Justiciary, on the 24th April, the Liri Jnatice-Clerk presiding, the sisters Ann and Margaret Milligan wore placed at the bar, charged with the murder of Isabella Irving, on the 3rd of January last, within the dwolling-houae of tho deceased in the Back Wynd. The indictment set forth that the.accused lattaaked deceased with a stool, a poker, and a knife, and when on the ground striking ber several or one or mora blows on tba head ; and that they compressed her throat ; by which sbe died. . They were also charged with stealing from the deceased à quantity of bedclothing and other articles. The prisoners pleaded not guilty. Evidence: for the prosecution was gone into, and the case, stood over till the following dBy, ,when the jory by a majority of one found the prisoners not guilty of murder, but unani- mously foo nd them guilty af theft. The Lord Jastice Clerk delayed sentence. Tars MoiTABJt CASE.-The Tribunal Criminal and Civil of Bologna has just been occupied with the trial of Father Peletti, of the order of St.-Dominick, Inquisitor of tho Holy Office of Bologna, who it may he remembered, was arrested some time ago on the charge of having carried olF by force the child of tbe Jewish couple JUortara. The reverend father, in answer to the charge, represented that in " seques- trating" tho child he hod only obeyed the orders of the Supreme Holy Office at Iîome, whose agent he was, and could not, therefore, he held personally responsible. Tho tribunal acquitted the reverend defendant.} Ax ECCKSTRIO JCDOE.-It is not very long aí-jce tie» eccentricities of ose of the learned Barons of the Exchequer attracted rather more thoa a fair share of public attention, and provoked comments which were not exactly çanegjrïest upon the amenity of his temper or the dignity of hu bearing. It I may trust an anecdote, now in current circulation, with; respect to an incident which occurred at her Majesty's Theatre on the evening of last Saturday week, the learned, judge's temper seems to have undergone no improvement. I suppose it i» by way of giving a practical proof that ¡fe ha- noi always true tbat " music soothes tho savage breast," that this learned person is a great amateur of the divina .art. On the evening ia question, ho occupied, with bis dutghter, scats ia the pit stalls. Behind him were two gentlemen-one of whom we will for our present parpóse) call Mr. Blank. In tho course of tho performance* Mr. Blank Lid occasion ta make same remarks to his friend. Perhaps he spoke rather loudly. I can't say how this was, hut at any rnteitdid not justify tbèlearned barun in tufüinground and rudely exclaiming, " Be quiet, »ir !" nor in repentino;, after a short interval, '. Hold your tongue, yon ruffian f* At a future period of the eveuing Mr. Blank followed- the learned judge into one of the lobbies, and demanded au ¡in- mediato apology. *. I don't know the meaning of the word," says Judge. *' Then take that," says Mr. Blu.nk, " flapping*' the other on the fuco with his glove. You will hardly, I fear, in these days ot' pugilism, be surprised to hear that tho learned person, npon this, hit out straight with his left.'and that Mr. Blank caught it heavily on tho shoulder. ¿oily sensible of the inconvenience and disgrace of a /raen in such a place - (of which, by tho way, he might have bethougnt himself before he used his glove)-Mr. Ulan tieft the opera with tho intention, aa he said, of writing to the pugilistic magistrate for aa apology. I do not hear that he has got one, and, indead, he is hardly likely tt do BO. It ia, as matters stand, perhaps six of one and half a ilozen of the other. But, then, in matters of courtesy, of peacefulness of "demeanour, .and of actual respect for the Queen's peact, it is not enough for a judge to bo as good as any ono elie. London correspondent, Kuroptan Times. DIUUDF-JL ATTEMPT AT MURDER AT HULL.-On the 23rd April a very dreadful attempt at murder was mude in Hull, by a soldier belonging; to tho 20th llegimeut. The following' is tho otBcial account mada to the |iolice autho- rities ;-Jane Burnham, a, cooper's wife, rodding in farley's court, ?iew George-street, states that she heard a srnfllo in the house of Ann Sleight, a few minutes after eleven o'clock, and immediately afterward* 3ho heard ti lizabeth Ann Vari.cr who resides there with her mother, call out " murder." JU ra. Harnham then opened her own door, and saw Thoma» Kirkwood, a soldier, belonging to the 29 th Itegiment :o£ boot, attempting to get away from Mrs. Parker, whose hands were covered with blood, and who had hold ot* him. Being; very much, nfruiil, Mrs. Burnham . closed! ber door, mid Kirkwood mado his escapo into the street, where he was a few minutes afterwards followed by Mrs. Burnham, who raised a» alarm. Mr. Macmillan, a surgeon, happened to ho passing at the time, and ho was called ia, and lound that I'.lizatieth Aim Parker's throat had been cu» ou th*left side, about fire or six inches. Other medical as- sistance was called in, and the unfortunate woman at present: lies in an extremely dangerous condition, hut slight hope* being entertained of her recovery. Kirkwood was after- wards apprehended, sitting on some steps on the Spring* Bunk, parity in a state of intoxication. No canso has yeti been ascertained for Kirkwood committing this deed. > Ont Tuesday the prisoner iras committed for trial on the charger of wilful murder. . ? A PRESENT FROM NAPOLEON TO AN Irttsti CHAPS-. -The. correspondent of the ' TabltV, writes: An oat if Imperiul generosity towards au Irish priest has been .told me, on good authority. Father Dwyer, of lînniskerry, had,, succeeded in erecting last year a »mull chapel, ou. a part of the Powerscourt estate, that had much needed a place foe Divine worship. The district is vory raw, 1 and ' tho necessary work; of tho building soon exhausted the small means 'conlribiilod by tho charity of tho luu-ishioners and their I riemls, when a long-headed friend of' Father lawyer* suggest ed a petition to the Emperor of the Troiibh' for aid. A petition accordingly was drawn up, ¡ti tho month of August, and placed iu the proper hands to BOoure its arrivut at its destination. Months passed, but brought no answer to the petition ; and of nil days in tho ' year, on last. St. Patrick's Buy, good Father Dwyer bothought him muck of this petition, und wondered if the apprehension of tb* ex- communication might influence tho imperial mind to some act of atonement, that would recall Kimiskeny to recollec- tion. Bo this as it may, it is a strange coincidence that on the 19th of March, a box was delivered ut tho address io, Paris of a friend of tho petitioner, with a lotter from th» private secretary, desiring that the box .should ba forwarded to I'athor Dwyer. Tho box contained a handsome chalice, embossed with exquisito workmanship, and valued at fifty pounds. Engraved upon it were the importai arms, and the words, "Donna par sa Majesté Napoleon UL" No doubt ymir Irish correspondent .will furnish you with tho further history of this gift, that might hayo been mora propitious if sent under any othor circumstances than tho present. A SHEEP DESTROYED BY- A BAVES.-A pair of ravens have built theil- nest on the west clift' of llauiegoc, on the island of Stronia. Tho hen is sitting. A ewe, Targe with lamb, was tethered near. Mrs. Robertson had occasion to .go to a neighbour's, and oa her return sha found that"ono of tho ravens bad nearly destroyed thd poor owe, nnd, n's ii,' was so much'mutilated, it had to bo destroyed, i It is a vory hard case, indeed, tor this poor woman, .who lives aloney-ana by her own industry supports herself. Her sheep wa» «ho only one which she lind, and With'it sho supplied herself with wool for knitting. Although thoinhabitnntsof the island havo before Jost a great number of fowls and chickens in that way, this is the first instance of a ravon having attached their sheop.--John O'Oroat Journal. ,. ,;. .,¡.,^i - lïecently died at Portsea, Is'olly Giles, being .90 ¡ years of ago. She was ono of tho fow surviving witnesses bf the battle of the Nile, having been on board lier Majesty's ship Bellerophon, Captain H. Darby; nnd in . nil subsequent en- gagements under Kelson. During tho action of-the--¡Kile Welly wits surrounded with heaps of slain and wounded j and to tho latter she administered tho utmost possible attention, unnerved by tho horrors of tho scene.. Threo days after tho battle Nelly gave hirth toa son. The Government,' fo'oón sideration of her great attention to the sick and ? wounded, and her useful services to the surgeons, awarded hen av gratuity of £. 17 per annum for lifo. u .. . Although the bounty to recruits has recently Deon reduced hy the authorities to tho atim of £2 and a freo kit, recruiting is still proceeding very sitisf.ictorily, numbers of lino yornig men continuing to arrive at Chatham from the-recruiting districts of York, Bristol, Liverpool, and London, to join 1 ha Dost India depots at that garrison. Sevoral of tho depots, thc service companies of whoso regiments aro in Judiaf npw nnmber upwards of 500 inca of all ranks, and so strong ure) the three battalions of infantry now at Chatham, that it' is calculated euch will ho able to furnish 1000 bayonets to reinforce the various regiments in India, should that number bc required during tho approaching summer. . * . , . p. ExTRAORDItTART ATTEMPT AT SuiCrDE.-One of the most extraordinary and delibéralo attempts at suicide we have ever heard ot'is thus recorded by the "SheJJleldTelegraph^as having occurred a short timo ago:-"A man named James Axon, aged -15 years, who described himself as a labourer, lins been taken into custody for attempting to hang, himself. It appears that the man wont to tho cemetary gates,¡and asked permission to go iato the grounds to soo the grave of his mother, but, as ho was not in a Ct state to bo allowed there, tho policeman oa duty refused him admission, whore npon he threatened to ovonge himsolf by committing suicide. Thc officer, with a feeling of coldness that would only'! add to tho poor fellow's indiunation, told him that he could do on he pleased, never fearing that ho would ho so rash hs to carry his threat into execution. The' '' man, however, did so, for he went to some -lads who wera playing a short distance off, and told them be was going to hung himself, if ho could only find a likely spot for the job. The lads, too noxious to see tho fun of the thing, helped him to Beek a place for the purpose, and tho party adjourned into a neighbouring grass-field attached to Mr. Wilson's snuff-mill. A fine strong tree, with a good stout bough, here rewarded their research, nnd tho man very methodically proceeded to tie bis handkerchief and a .cord together, and attached them to tho branch above... Previous to taking Ma final leave of thom he said that he should like to case his mind, so that he should have nothing to think of, and to reward them for their trouble he would make his will, and divide bis little stock among them. He then produced six or aoven pennyworth of copper, and to the delight of the lads shared it among them, and in order to' carry out his plans moro effectually ho told the senior of. tho party not to cnt him down till ha whistled. The lad promised to do so, and Axon attached the cord to his neck and flung him- self iato the air. Ho had no sooner done so than blood gushed from his nose and month, and without waiting for tho signal the lad cut tho rope, and the would-be suicido. came sprawling to the earth. His first words were a sound blackguarding ol'tho boys around him, and an indignant re- monstrance to the eldest of them for not waiting as ho had promised, adding at the finish, as a sort of balm to tho boy's feelings, ' I told theo to wait till I whistled, my lad.' ' Yes,* said the lad,' but yon didn't whistle, and didn't look Uko it ;. a very sensible remark. And, in ordor to prevent any fur- ther attempt, the hoy gave information to a policeman who happened to bo close by. The mon was token into custody, ana locked np at tho Town-ball, where be mode a second attempt to kill himself by hanging-himsclf with a towel, in this he fortunately foiled, and, ' should ho not bo success- ful in any further endeavours ho may maka befbro noon, ho will be taken before tho magistrates." The gun factories are now at work night and day on a prodigious scale, forging tho Armstrong guns of all sizer-, from .0 to 10O pounders. It is expected ' that 1200 guns, chiefly of the largor description, will bo made this year. 