;BSE9HTORTH : SATURDAY, JAN: 14th.,' 1800. King Bomba's GHosT.-~We C. C; Bowling Esq., .P.M., Warden, and Autocrat of all the Buckland slo hereby notify, unto oim- subject* that our im perial dig-nity having-been,pfferideu bv Sergean tLangsfa IF, wh o eon tu m aci ously refused to obey our orders in contradis tinction to his sworn duty, did on the 28th j\rpv. last "get tbe said officer placid under arr st and confined in a small room in the Police quarters at Beechworth unt'l r the 7ch of- January and further'" that we, as beseemed our Imperial Whim,"did obtain, a committee -of enquiry into the derogatory conduct of the said officer in which we most signally failed to prove the charges we had brought," and in consequence he was admonished. Tremble: therefore all ye dwellers on the Buckland, police, especially, and dread the effects of pro voking obr'wiatH.' Such is aboutibej style in which Mr. Dowling would express himself, but one little matter prevents him. from so, doing, v:z., rthat he has not the power; A Warden or Police Magistrate' iV appointed to dis perse strict justice,to all, and the genthman in question is especia'ly I charged with that important business on the Buckland. 11 matters riot one jot whether the parties' requiring justice done them in that part of the district, are connected with th„- police force, or are civilians ihe same rule of fair play applies in both cases. Mr. D-uvling, however, appe rs to hold. a different opinion. According to his idea he is in reality cthe irresponsible Emperor of tbe Buckland, and any person daring to differ from, him in carrying out his tyrannical orders must be crushed at once and Jo: ever. There are, however, two.s:dea to every question, and in this par icular instance the Buckknd Magnate :bas rather .overshot the mark.' Tbis individual niqued because Sergeant Jjangstaff would not humble himself. •' buioru his _ m a j'estyy antT^ exceeding- his" duty fumfnon Wr. liooper for not pay-, ing that amount of defe-ence to him that his absurd vanity demanded,fbr~ with riodgesA'-K' charge against the Sergeant of " disobedience of orders,'• and by so-doing virtually imprisons a most respectab'e and efficient officer for a period of nearly six weeks. A Co'm inis ion is ordered toepquire into the charge, and tlie sittings are held" with closed doors but even the officials c im posing it, however much .they might "have been disposed to do, so, cannot but return a verdict in favor of the Ser geant. The result of their investigation is forwarded to the Chief Commissioner <>f Police, and after considerable- delay the rSergeant-(-wj8. suppose-by: way of< eooth'ng the '' offended dignity of - the Warden) is .ordered to be admonished^ We should very much -Jike-'to know what : reason- there- existed^' J'or this ' j'.dmon'shment^ as tomir'view of the matter. 'heidecision should: have been as -ioliows:—\Jr; -Warden .Dowling is po.jtely renjiegted t-, resign the office he holds. The Sergeant is a man universally respected throughout the Bueklaiid, and noted fcr the strict and impartial manner in which be performs liis duty, as also for paving- the proper amount of respect towards those placed in authority over him, but he objects hi 10to to be made the lacquey of an overbearing Warden, he declines hold ing- the horse, of the said Warden. or. of toadying to him in any shape or way, and beinsr in all'iirobabilifcy his equal in, birth and education ihoug-h - Dossihly not able to command so great, an amouut of interest has lo'content himself with the inferior position, but does not bj' any means forget the. rule- of coure.'y and discipline. Nothing-, however, will^ satisfy the' inordinate vanity and desire to neglect duty of the Warden, but an absolute cringing to ail his ■tfhims and fancies. Does lie desire to amuse himself by . faking1 a pleasure • trip,-. ,the Sergeant must perform the business for which he is paid to per form ; does ho desire to punish ah Rote keeper for daring to sit do\ n in his pres nee, the Sergeant must make "up a chargi against the recreant Bo 1 face arid so on ad bijinilum, otherwise the penalty of six weeks imprisonment, and an admonishment from head quar ters must be endured by the man who has really performed his duty. That such a* system should cbe allowed to exist is perfectly, disgraceful, and un worthy of any eiV/Iised •government. :'If Mr. Dowling is of so high an order of personal dignity as to be above .carrying out the duties of the office for the performance of which he receives his'sa'ary, he should be at once d;s-„ missed, but at all events such tyrannies] conduct as that displayed by him in his vindictive prosecution of Sergeant LangstafF cl-arly shows him to bo a raan'uhfitted for the important position he so badlv filln. - Ic would b? a move in the right direction if in future 'a J enquiries connected with the. conduct of the pai-i servants of the government were conducted publicly as it would go far to reduce such men as Mr. Dowling d the level of comraon sense. 