THE BATIIUUST FKKE PKESS. ' MADN'A KST VKUITAS ET I'll E VALKHIT.' SATUR7J.li; DHCKMaEJl 1. 1SG0 TIIK CONTEST. Candidates for Legislative honours were nuver calloJ upoa to give thuuisulvus \e-A trouble in tlio preparation of their addresses to their several coiistituoueios ou occasion of a Guiiernl Kluction than they arc at present. Geuerally speaking tho most lengthy mid the nio.it Jubourei of these productions, during the crisis now nearly at its height, .ire from the mad dened opposition. The ostensible reason for this lies in the assumption that the people as regards the great XfH Clause are sitting in darkness, and that the greatest faults of the Hill are its palpable obscurities! This kiiul of confusion ' always overtakes men who endeavour to prove or disprove principles that arc self- evident. It is like defining a defini tion, or elaborating nn argument for the proof of nn axiom. The main argumentative efforts of Mr. Hay and his followers at first were made in order to show that Selection before Sur vey, wusaiuere matter of detail — a thing of no moment — but now it is transmogrified into the ghost of every evil which, could possibly be associated with a land policy for New South Wales ;' especially ns that policy has reference to the increasingly rich squatting interest, — the pretended blood, bone and sinews of the land. Your gold, and _your copper, and your agricultural produce, and your improved modes of trausit — and wonder they say not — yea'' ,-, 0 . ; . ? ,-..;.?' ' Thogreaf globe itself nhall dissolve 1' '??' if the principle of ' the Selection Clause be ceded to the peoplp. ' And then W tho opposition have struggled to reduce' the principle of the measure into a more in cidental point, they not' seek to elevate each simple detail iuto n principle which if adopted, is to exterminate every iota of prosperity from the land we have adopted ! There is oortainly a boldness in this. mode of dealing with the question whioh is par tially to be aJruired for. its ingenuity, and not loss so perhaps for . its consistency. We understand now more plainly than we have over done before what the squatters mean. They seem now to have no hesi tation in avowing that they aim at a fee simple for their runs, arid an undoubted right to the reserves. But the halfand ? half men — tho hoodwinking fraternity — of whom Mr, Cuimniiigs is the true type,' what shall wo say of them ? The York und Lancaster bipeds, who pretend one thing and mean Another, where shall we find lau^iugo to depict these? Oh ! for the camora of a photographer that could emaUih a uioral view !? -Repulsive- as might.be, the sight, its very truthfulness ?would bo satisfactory. Though ouo sometimes finds difficulty in ' cornering' such men us we refer to, u very material advantage is sometimes gained by allowing them, in a thna of excitement especially, as much scope as they are disposed to take. A romarksble illustration of this 'occurred [on Thursday night, at the meeting held at the Royal Hotel. Nothing: would guit tho full pur pose of one of the spoakers; who rather excitedly claimed to bo hoard ou the squatter's side of the question, unless ho could have tho glorious opportunity of reading the 18 th Clause of the Robertson Land Bill, in order to shape said ; clause; into a suioidal smash of the wholo Bill. A copy of the Act wns readily procured, and with a oloar voice, and emphatic tone, the damnatory sentiments were pealed forth, when lo .' and behold ! two thirds of the clause were more than sufficient to ex tract the most hideous yells from the. as sembled multitude, with a few rather plain intimations to ' shut up.' The unfortunate effect produced by * tho ; read ing of this portion of what the speaker called the residentary clause, offered a fair oimortunitv for Dr. Machattic to read aloud to tho crowd of attentive listeners the remaining part of the clause, -which the previous speaker had intentionally or unintentionally not given to the moot ing. The effect will not easily be for gotten. The language-was plain, unvar nished and simple. The people under stood it, and their acclamations rent the air. Never were tables turned so com- ' plotely. Mr. Win.' Cummings, junior, was the speaker we refer to. There is but little scope for n review of the principles of the several candidates at present before the Western constituencies.* The subject of contention has narrowed itself down to such a small compass', and is now so well understood by the people, that there seems not to exist the' neces sity for the usual amount of electioneering effort in the shape of addresses proper. Mr. McGuigan himself, has not this time even given the electors uny exposition of his views, and for a very good, reason ; they have been so often given that, it would be a work over t and. above what is required ' from him. We are therefore under the necessity of leav ing this gontleman's principles and capabilities to the judgment and decision of the Bathurst electors themselves. If Mr. Cummings and Mr. Deniehyare the only offerers for East Macquarie, of course it will require little trouble to walk the course. It is not improbable however, that a caudidate will be forth coining to oppose the former gentleman ; the specious attempt to mystify the actual course he recently took in the Assembly affording a. sufficient reason why he with the retiring et ceteras should betake him self to his run. The only fair opportunity given for open aud definite remark on the principle of tho Western candidates is afforded by Mr. James Murphy for Caicoar. That gentleman's address, though not very ex tended, is yet comprehensive and clear All the measures of importance which are .now seeking vent in the public mind are distinctly stated, and his principles, with regard to eaeh one, are affirmed iu a torso and business-like stylo ; aud there- can be little doubt that, should any one bo found 'a ?' bold enough on the day of election to oppose him, he will bo returned by ' an overwhelming majority. Mr. Murphy's civic duties in the Metropolis require his constant .itten danoeat the Town Hall; he will therefore be uuable to visit tho district previous to the election. This we are persuaded will only increase the activity of the friends of the liberal cau.-e to secure in this caso a ' good man and true.'' 