HOME NEWS. (From Mr. Punch's very Special Correspondent.) Dbab Punch, you remember the promise I made On the deck of the clipper, before T set sail, That henceforth home news should by me be convey'd Unto Punch, every month, by the overland mail. Shall I ever forget how much champagne we stow'd away, That leave-taking night, or my fears, when you row'd away ? For my grief at your parting, I own, was allied With terror, to see you go over the side Of the ship, for then first your condition I 6pied. But the skipper insisted, My vision was twisted, And that you, Punch, were fit to go whither you listed; Whilst I having rashly intemperance woo'd, Was three sheets in the wind, or, as landsmen say, " screw'd." I was wroth at the time; but I hope he was right: Still, I cannot help thinking that you, too, were " tight." Let me ask, 'ere I give you some news from Great Britain, How in her most golden possession you get on ? How's Victoria just now ? has the Land Bill been passed, That measure so fraught to. the squatters with danger. Have these gentry, pray tell me, consented at last, No longer to copy the dog in the manger ? Have they unlock'd the land yet, and granting they've done it, Are the " stump" men, who clamour'd so loudly, upon it ? Are your MX A.'s yet for their services paid, Have they—what they'd deny to religion—State Aid ? Are your mining bills fram'd to please highly the diggers, Or have they been cunningly drawn to bamboozle 'em ? Transmit in the next all your facts and your figures, For the use of us all who frequent the Jerusalem * Such political doings as here we've just had, Since Sir Robert Peel's time we have ne'er seen enacting, And they've driven .well nigh the Protectionists mad : But Gladstone perceiv'd his Exchequer would lack tin, And, press'd for the money, took measures to raise it, With a spirit (I cannot sufficiently praise it) That redounds to his glory, And will aye shine in story, - \- -As a^tedy^-ttotjdetaoJish'ii theory, I tell you, dear Punch, every Jack, Dusk,, Thomas, Amongst us was rous'd by that treaty of commerce With France. >vhich, : suggested by Cobden, no doubt, Was, by'ttife Mifitiniie hfe' gave, earned out. Why, he took fconsofgoodso'er theChaimel on view, To Louis Natolebn then fit. St., Cloud, Atid this loiig-headed brace, "VV^nt over each case, Aid did iiotfe infti HigK Brp«h dytfes erase. . Then they went to French Articles winch the? ne er quitted, Till the dtitfes upon t1\em were "duly remitted ; In a word, sick a heap We'reannuirdat o$e sweep, As would riiake ee'n the ghosts of tour ancestors weep ; And not only ours, but eke those of our neighbors, . : For the treaty^ not hail'd there with pipes and with tabors ; So hard 'tis political wisdom to teach ; But the treaty will equally benefit each , Of the natipM, for proto p ones And oh, what~a "speech! whic% was followed by later ones, The Senate but rarely has lisWd ^greater ones ; So full and so ftrcUjleUufid, oottran^MT,. What wonder the Derbjdtes couldn't help wmcing ? Yet Benjamin Disraeli, put on his mettle, Believ'd it was in him Ned Gladstone to fettle, And arm'dicap-S-pie and with resolute laJace, Ban fell tilt. at the budget and trealy ^.th Erance; But at eyery freshonset disastrous his fate, For Dizzy is clever, but Gladstone is great; So the doU'd man-at-arms durst no longer presume, I f i f f w W ^ ^dust-draggl^ Tb cbpe wili'a ibemanwho gave hinrsuch thwacks With his two-handed sword and his ponderous axe. In'this signal defeat, Clever Dizzy's conceit, Has met the rebuke men long hop'd it would meet. " Now humbled and beaten, so alter'd's the lad's tone, He'll henceforth be wary of fighting with Gladstone. By the bye, is't not strange that the man of expedients, Call'd Louis Napoleon, whate'er view we take of him, Has within him commingled so many ingredients, That we don't for the life of us know what to make of him ? We hate and distrust him, and bid him defiance, We send out a fleet to chastise the Mongolians— Does it go out alone ? no, it goes with Napoleon's j We add to our navy, make strong our defences, Drill volunteer rifles to pepper and maul him, And then, having view'd him through different lenses, A very good neighbour and freetrader call him. But whether the Emperor be more R than F, At present 'tis well to be dumb and be deaf; Let Savoy be liis, if no more he advances, 'Tis not the first time that Savoy has been France's ; For the man by mistake, or perhaps by design, Has help'd on the cause, which is almost divine, Of Italy's freedom, whose star will soon shine. All hail to the rays, 'tis beginning to pour, All hail to the King and the patriot Cavour, How long have dark clouds hung o'er Italy's brow, But her tresses she shakes and they're scattering now. Land of science and arts, thou shalt soon have thy due, Land of beauty, and genius, and warriors too, Ever strong, hadst thou known it, in union and right, Invincible now in thy calm moral might, Behold now, the teeth of the dragon are sown, The arm'd men have risen, and freedom's thine own. Since you last heard from home, Mr. Punch, death summon'd That clever and comical wight, Henry Drummond ; A wit and a jester of no mean capacity, With a shrewdness that oftentimes rose to sagacity. For all-in-all take Henry Drummond, East Surrey, A worthier member won't get in a hurry. And Watson is no more amongst us, who drew A-sword when a boy at renown'd Waterloo ; But the fates chose his path in the law to determine, And he stay'd not his eourre till he reached to the ermine. His death was like Talfourd's, the honored and mourn'd, On the judgment-seat dying, he living adorn'd. And Jullien is gone :—but past pleasures arise; • And the memory stirs me, and moisten s my eyes. Such a deaith !—but I did not intend with a sigh To conclude my epistle.r-No matter. Good bye. . has 