AN ANSWER -TO THE- ' REV. WILLIAM M'lNTYRE'S LECTURE ON THE "HEA THENISM OF POPERY." ? ?'?'?' By1 Edward Joiij! Hawksley. ' And if any man think himself to be religious, ? notiiridling liis tonstui;, but deqeivino; his own heart, this man's religion is vaiii.' — CalltoHc Epistle of St. James, Chap, 1. v. 20. ' Le^ them not lead people by the nose to believe they can prove their supposition that the Pope is the Antichrist, and the Papists Idulatora, when they cannot.' — Thorndikc, Prebendary of Westminster. To. TTIP. Hp.V. WfT.T.fAM AfTvTVnP.. A.!\f. ?Sir, — Twenty -two years ago, you published a pamphlet in this city, purporting to be an answer to a 'Pastoral Address' then recently issued to his flock by the venerable Bisbop Folding. In that' pamphlet you attempted to prove that ' the worship »f the Catholic Church, is idolatrous,' but you most lignally'failed.' Your observations were then con fined to 'The Ssrvica of the Mass,' as you called : It j. whiqh you informed the public, you would shew to be 'Idolatrous.' It so happened at that time I felt called 'upon, or, to use your own elegant language, 'I 'most unexpectedly found myself in circumstances, which I conceived, imposed upon me pn obliga'ion' of raplying to you. In the pamphlet alluded to, you say ' the other topics,' adverted to in the Bishop's Pas toral, ' demand and will receive separate treatrh ont.' I intimated that if you con tinued in the same mind ' I should be happy again ?to meet you.' Prom that day, until: the present time, I am not aware that you have shewn yoursslf in print, on any of the controverted points between the Catholic Church, and those who -have seceded from her ; as, however, you have ventured once ? more, after sa long a retirement, to come out of your obscurity, I am thankful to say, I also, am still here to redeem niy promise made twenty-two years ago. This I think will be regarded as a sufficient reason why I have undertaken to answer your Lecture— though to speak the truth, the tissue of absurdities and misrepresentations you have jumbled togather in this famous lecture, are scarcely ; deserving of an answer. I think it is ne sessary here to observe, that several of the points dwelt upon in this Lecture of yours are precisely the same as those urged by you in the year 1838 ; particularly those which refer to the reading of the Scriptures, and the monstrous charge of , ' Idolatry' which you so unceremoniously and un feelingly brin;; against the Catholic Church ? throughout the whole world. From a perusal of this Lecture I am sorry to find, that years and reflec tion have made no improvement in you j that, not withstanding the many opportunities you must have had of disabusing your mind of early prejudices and removing misapprehensioH and misinformation, you are still the same bigoted, narrow-minded, dictato rial' quibbler— the same puerile carper at words and phrases you were in 'years gone by. During the discussions which have arisen out of your announcement to deliver this Lecture, a great, deal has been said by yourself and your supporters aVout the inalienable right of every mail to liberty of ?'.-';. speech. I shall not now stop to inquire whether such a position is tenable, inasmuch as you have, in a. letter to the R2V. Mr. Kenny, denied thi3 inalienable right. In that letter you complain that Mr. Kenny, with reference to something you had said at Ilinton, had designated you a liar ; and you go on tu state, that the only argument by which such an assertion could he met was ' by blows,' or, in other worcU, knocking down the person who made it. Thus you at once deny the inalienable right to liberty of speech. In fact, your idea and the idea of those who have supported you is, as far ...; ' as I can gather from the reports which have ap - pearedin the newspapers, that full liberty of speech shall be granted to you when you assail the Catholic Churchj but that Catholics shall not be allowed the same liberty. If this were not the case, why did the Chairman of the celebrated ' Liberty of Speech' meeting at Maitland prohibit from speak'ng at that meeting an individual who wished to address it in opposition to your views ? And why, when that ' individual subsequently proposed to deliver a lecture' on the 'subject, did the Protestant B-jnch of Magis : trates at Miitland virtually prohibit him from doing so by holding out vague threats to the person at ?whose house the lecture was to have been delivered ? These are rather ugly questions, ami-tell, forcibly t against your ' inalienable right.' Before p:is3mg to the immediate subject of your Lecture, I havs a remark to offer with respect to vour preface; and first as to the 'letter you addressed to the editors of the Maitland newspipers, and which you say they refused to publish. That letter contains the following extraordinary state-nent — ' Protesfahtswitli whatever freado n their religious sentiments and usages are discussed, and with whatever; severity they are condemned, do not resort to yioleace or outrage, but repel such attacks by legitimate, means of refutation.' : Now with this assertion- Icannot at all 'agree j for,.' to say. nothing of the:Act's of Parliament passed by, Protestauts , to suppress the'very ?.vbrsuip'of the Catholic Church— ? ?? to say nothing of the hanging of priests -in England and Irelaud,. for simply celebrating Divine Service, ? and the' transpiiriitfritUBitd imprisonment of Catholic men~ahd~wome~a\fdr~Yner^ of their church'— to'say nothing of the Lord George Gordon; riots iniLondon, or of the Heathenish' scenes recently exhibited by Protestants' in the Protestant ? Church 'of St. George in the East in the samecity, we have'o; sufficiently palpable proof of the hollow. ;. . nassniid falsity of your assertion, in the fact I have alluded to with regard to the meeting at Maitland. As a furthei proof of your'veraciousness, I may here notice the outrageous assertion you have ventured upon in page IX of your pi eface, where you assert that'ybur.' -Lecture was delivered to an attentive au ? dience of; probably 3000 persons. ' Now if some of the newspapers are to be believed there wore few present at the Lecture except the'special constables who had been Bv.-orn in \a preserve the peace on that occasion;- amounting to somewhere about 300, and who, if I am rightly informed, would much rather luve.been attending to their business tlian have been compelled to liBten with their white tape badges of office on 'their arms to the sickening mass of frothy rhodonioritade, which it appears you poured forth for three mortal hours. The largest number of persons present which I hare neen mentioned in any news paper was 1.800, and if from these we deduct the 300 11 sptoiah,' who were compelled to be there, it re duces your estimate just one half. So much for your veracity, and if you will not speak the truth upon matters of fact lik-j these what may we not suppose your excited and morbid imagination will load you to assart, when your object is to assail, ?' villify, and defaos the Church of all. Ages 1 But enough of this.. Let us turn for a short period tu your Lecture, .You. commence by stating that you will not call 'the Churoh of Rome' the 11 CatholioCHnroh, or the niuiribers' of it Catholics ?'? ;;f bufyoii will ' call its memliers Papists and Us faith Popery/' although you admit that to the cars of Catholics these cuitheta are molt offensive aud insulting. You expend nearly a couple of pages in \- \ . B'vin,K yur reacons for' using theBe offensive and ._ , opprobiouj epithets , arid what, do these reasons ? amount to? Why, t\nlyoit consider these epithets ' i; projiriirte, and claim . therefore a right to uee 'them.''Tl]i8may-appoara'Sufflcicnt reason' to' you, but unfortunately for this view of the matter, you have already admitted, that, although one man may consider another to bo a 'liar' he has no right to call him so, or if he does, he must expect to; be 'knocked down.' Now if this argument holds good on one side, it is equally valid'on the other, and, therefore, the treatment you received at the hands of an excited multitude on the 29th of March last, though much to be regretted, was really, according to your own shewing, no more than you PRprvml. fnr vnn Imil alrpndv and rene.itndlv. linth orally and in print, used words of the most offensive nature towards j'our Catholic neighbours, and had applied them in the most harsh, uncharitable, and unchristian manner you possibly could. In your Lecture you propose to do two things : to prone and illustrate ' the Heathenism of Popery.' Now I aliould have thought that so great a master of casuistry as you are, so expert a juggler in; the meaning of words an'l phrases as you profess to be, would at once have seen that this phrase, so osten tatiously paraded on your title page, is little better than a contradiction in terms j — in fact a ' peculiar magniloquence — of great swelling words of vanity' which you as well as some others you seem to wot of, are particularly fond of using. Now if yon had proved, or could prove ' Popery' to be identical with heathenism, what need could there be to illus trate the matter. As far as I understand the mean ing of words proof requires no illustration. To provs is to demonstrate, to make clear, apparent, self evident, and therefore proof requires no more illas- tration than the sun requires a farthing rushlight to shew or prove his meridian brightness. But I deny that you have either proved or illustrated the position you assume. You have not demonstrated, and I defy you or any other man to demonstrate that the Catholic religion is as you charge it, ' largely impregnated with heathen elements.' That is the gravamen of your charge, and I say that you have not %nd cannot prove it. But the manner in which you set about your proof is perhaps the most absurd and impudent thing in your most absurd and im pudent Lecture, for from the beginning to the end, with the exception of a short extract from Butler's Catechism, of which more by and bye, you have not quoted a single Catholic authority. Every charge you have brought against the Faith you assail, is drawn from the armoury of the: avowed enemies of the Catholic Churoh, and therefore to say the least your want of candour and charitableness is most conspicuously displayed. One' would have thought at all events that if you had been really desirous of placing before your readers a true state of the case you would not have hesitated to cite as your authorities, the works of appro»ed and ac knowledged Catholic authors, and not have placed before your readers the misrepresentations and the calumnies of men who being opposed to the Church have done all they possibly could to blacken and defile her. It is evident that all you know either of Catholic Faith or practice has been drawn from such polluted sources; you are, I have no hesitation in saying, totally unacquainted with the dogmas an'l theology of the Catholic Church as taught and ex pounded by her priests and divines. Before you enter upon your grand proofs of hea thenism, you reiterate the old charge that the Church is inimical to the circulation and ths reading of the Scriptnres, and you cite or pretend to cite the Council of Trent in proof of this, I thought I had s 'tficisntly refuted this groundless calumny twenty-, two years ago but probably you have forgotten the circumstances. You cite now, as you did then, the 4th Rule of the Council to prove your position, I tell you now as I told you then, that unfortunately foryout veracity and knowledge, the Decrees issued, by the Council of Trent contain no such rule as you have mentioned. Now I will shew you what the teaching of the Catholic Church is on this subject as set forth in a ' Declaration' published by the Catholic Bishops in England in the year 1S29, and attested by 106 of thn first names of the Catholic laity, amongst whom there were, ten peers of the realm. In this ' Declaration' the Bishops say : — ' In England the Catholic Church is held out as an enemy to the reading and circulating of the Holy Scriptures. . , ' Whereas the Catholic Church venerates the Holy Scriptures as the written part of the 'Word of God; she has in all ages been the faithful guardian of this sacred deposit ; she has ever laboured to preserve the integrity of these inspired writings, and the true sense, in which they have been universally understood, at all times from the Apostolic age. ' The Catholic Church has never forbidden or dis couraged the reading or the circulation of authentic copies of the sacred Scriptures, in the original languages. She binds her clergy to the daily recital of a canonical office, which comprises a large portion. of the sacred volume, and to read and ex pound to the faithful, in the vernacular tongue, on ? Sundays the epistle or Gospel of the day, or some other portion of the divine law.! ?''? ' ' As to translations of the Holy Scriptures into modern languages, the Catholic Church requires that, .-none, 8hould,,be put, into the hands of the . faithful but such as nra acknowledged by ecclesias tical authority, to be accurate, and conformable to the sense of the originals. 'There never was a general law of the Catholic Church, prohibiting the . reading of authorised translations; of the Scriptures ; but considering that many, by. their ignorance and ivil dispositions, have perverted the meaning of the «acred text to their own destruction, the 'Catholic Church has thought it prudent to make a regulation that the faithful should be guided in this matter by ? the advico of their respective pastors. 'Whether the Holy Scriptures, which ought never to be taken in hand but with respect, should be matle a class-book for children is a matter of re ligious and prudential consideration, on which the pastors of the Catholic Church have a right to decide with regard to their own flocks : and we hold that in this matter uone have a right to dictate to t'lom. ' The CatholicR in England, of mature years, have permission to read authentic and approved transla tions of the Holy Scriptures with explanatory notes ; and are exhorted to read them- in the spirit of piety, humility, and obedience. ' Pope Pius VII.', in 'a Rescript dated April JSth, 1820, and addressed to the Vicars Apostolic in England, earnestly exhorts thorn to confirm the people committed to their spiritual care in .faith and good works; and, for that end, to encourage them to read books of pious instruction, and particularly the Holy Scriptures, in translations approved by ecclesiastical authority; because, to thoEe who are well-disposed, nothing can be more usi-ful, more : consoling, :or more animating, than the reading of the Sacred Scriptures, understood in their true .sense— they serve to confirm the faith, to support the hopo, and to inflame the charity of the true Chtistian. 'But when the reading and circulation of the Scriptures are urged and recommended aa the entire rule of faith, as the sole means by which men arc to be brought to the certain and specific knowledge of ( the doctrines, precept*, and institutions of Christ; and when the Scriptures so read and circulated are left to the interpretation and private judgment of each individual: then such reading; circulation, and interpretation are forbidden by the Catholic Church, because the Catholic Church knows, that the circulation of the Scriptures, and the interpreta tion of them by each one's private judgment, was not the means ordained by Christ for the communi cation of the true knowledge of his law to all nations. She knows that Christianity was established in many countries before one book of the New Testa ment was written ; that it was not by means of the ocripiurcs uiai me n.pusues ;imi meir sucuu?-sui3 converted nations, or any one nation, to the unity of the Christian faith ; that the unauthorised reading and circulation of the Scriptures, and the interpre tation of them by private judgment, are calculated to lead men to contradictory doctrines on the pri mary articles of Christian belief; to inconsistent forms of worship, which cannnot all be constituent parts of the uniform and sublime system of Chris tianity; to errors and fanaticism in religion, and to seditions and the greatest disorders in states and Kingdoms.' . Such is the practice, not the ' doctrine,' of the Catholic Church with respect to the reading and circulation of the Holy Scriptures, and if in the face of this you still adhere to your false assertion that the Catholic Church is inimical to the reading and circulation of the Bible, I can only say that you possess a larger amount of brazen effrontery, and consummate impudence, than I am at present dis posed to give you credit for, though I am quite willing to acknowledge that you possess rather more than an average share of these unenviable commo dities. In talking of the traditions of the Church you are either grossly ignorant, or wilfully untrue, or you would never have ventured to assert that 'as it (the Church) is itself the sole custodier of tradition, it can, of course, make it be, teach, and sanction whatever it pleases.' You know, oi you ought to know, that this is a direct falsehood, that the Church can no more alter, add to, or subtract from the Divine Traditions she has received from the Apostles and preserved through all ages, than she can alter, add to, or subtract from the written gospels : both are equally the inspired Word of God, given ' for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness.' But, then, what you call the Traditions of the Church are no more that Divine Tradition of which the Church has ever been the jealous guardian — are no more articles of her faith or her practice, than the enormous wickedness of Mormonism, the blasphemous puerilities of Beardy ? ism, or the visionary dreamings of Swendenborg and Southcotte, are articles of the faith which you profess to practice. As a man of education, and a minister of religion of long standing in the colony, you ought to be ashamed of yourself for attempting to palm off upon the ignorant and unreflecting the silly legends with which you have interspersed your Lecture, as truths which are held, taught, and practiced by the Catholic Church. But, though you affect to despise tradition so much theoretically, you, as well as all other Protes tants, most rigidly adhERe to it practically. Indeed, without tradition, the whole superstructure of the Christian religion must necessarily fall to the ground. Though you prate so much about the reading of the Bible and the Bible only, you do not expect us to believe that that holy book is of itself sufficient to Christianize the whole world, or why all your catechisms, your sermons, and your tracts, to expound and teach your own peculiar views. These, Sir, are tradition ; and you know, as well as I do, that neither in ancient nor modern times is there to be found a single instance of any heathen or pagnn nation having been brought to a know ledge of the Christian religion except by the me dium of tradition. This is the means established by Christ Himself, when He said to His Apostles im mediately before His ascension into Heaven — ' Going, therefore, teach ye all nations : baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe, all things whatever I have commanded you.' This tradition has been acted on in all ages by the Ca tholic Church, and in modern times by Protestants, only with this difference, that while the former has taken every means to guard and preserve pure and unsullied the traditions she has received, those who have left her communion have preached and prac tised whatever their own corrupt and ill-regulated minds may conceive, and hence arises the conflicting creeds and opinions we see around us. The pious Catholic, looking on these seas of trouble and tur. moil whelming around him, clings to his old Faith still more securely, still more steadfastly regarding the advice of the Apostle Paul to the Thessalonians, when he says: 'Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which you have learned whether by word- or -our epistle,' and smiles with' pity and compassion at the weak and futile attempts of men like you to battle with the Rock of Ages. Your charge of ' Heathenism' in, the Catholic Church is'; made' to rest upon three grounds, viz—' the doctrine of Purgatory— -the use,.of Images, in^. the veneration paid to Relics. In considering each of these grounds I. pass over as wholly irrelevant the' legends you have so pompously aiid' solemnly in'-.' troduced intpryour Lecture, for just what they are ' worth, that is nothing at all, they have no more to do with the faith and practice of the Church than the legends of 'Jack' the Giant Killer,' .the 'Seven1 Champions of Christendom,' 'St. George and the. Dragon,' and a. dozen other tales, of similar -Authority:, and how any.ono professing to .be a scholar and a theologian could have the sheer impu dence to introduce them into a leoture of this kind surpasses my comprehension; you must have counted largely upon the gullibility of the public to have ventured to do so. I have therefore only to address myself to the refutation of your argument, which with respect to Purgatory is this : — ' The teaching of the Scriptures is directly op. posed both to the doctrine of Purgatory, aud to the view of the position of believers as to liability, to punishment on which it proceeds, — the view, namely that they may still, notwithstanding that they are in Christ, be liable to a portion of the punishment of sin. According to Scripture, and in express con tradiction to this view, ' there is no condemnation to those that are in Christ Jesus.' — (Rom.Jyiii. i.) And of course as there is no condemnation to them, they nre liable to no punishment. How could they be liable to puuishment seeing that the)' have been washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, which cleanscththem from all sin 1' (Rev. I. 5.— I. John I. 7.) And aB the doctrine of Purgatory is unscrip tural, it was wholly unknown to the early church. It was only after the Church had greatly and in many respects declined from scriptural purity, that, towards the end of the Gth century, it was fully in augurated and made an aiticle of faith by Gregory the Great.' Now, sir, if I prove which I shall do, that the doctrine of Purgatory is not only scriptural, but was universally received and believed by the Christian Church prior to end of the Gth century, I destroy your argument and take from' you one of your mum props for your abominable charge of heathenism. As a matter of course I claim the right in proving what I have asserted, to refer to the Books of Machabees as an integral part of the Holy Scrip tures. It is of no consequence to me that you reject these Books as Apocroplial, because your rejection of them does not render them the less canonical ! and the authority upon which I receive them as a portion of the inspired Word of God is precisely that upon which I receive the Book of Psalms, the Books of the Prophets, and the Gospels and the Epistles. To me therefore they are a portion of the written word, and Isuppose that even you will not vnfui-a tn «i nt*n nwl Oil rra tVlPm In Tin fnllllFlll *»nrT nil thentic records of the belief and practice of the people of God 150 years before the birth of our Blessed Redeemer. In order that we may clearly enter upon this subject I will here explicitly state what the doctrine of the Church on this head ia — ' The state in which souls depart this life is. three fold : some so pure and perfect as to be translated immediately into heaven ; others in mortal sin without repentance, who descend into hell ; whilst others, who have neither lived so wickedly as to deserve hell, nor yet so perfectly pure as to bo forth ? with admitted to a state of bliss must pass through a purging fire ; but of what nature this fire is, the Church has not determined. (Council of Trent, Sess. G.) We only know that it is a state of suffering souls, who have died in the state of grace, wherei by some means known only to God, they make that full satisfaction for their sins, which they neglected to make in this life, and then are admitted into heaven.' This is the doctrine which the Church teaches : and, that it was held by God's chosen people prior to the coming of our Saviour is abundantly proved by the following passages :— ' And the day following Judas (Machabeus) came with his company, to take away the bodies of them that were slain, and to bury them with their kinsmen, in the sepulchres of their fathers. And they found under the coats of the sUin some of the donaries of the idols of Jamnia, which the law for biddeth to the Jews ; so that all plainly saw, that for this cause they were slain. Then they all blessed the just judgment of the Lord, who had discovered the things that were hidden. And so betaking themselves to prayers, they besought him, that the sin which had been committed might be forgotten But the most valiant Judas exhorted the people to keep themselves from sin, forasmuch as they saw before their eyes what had happened because of the sins of those that were slain. And making a gathering, he sent twelve thousand drachms of silver to Jerusalem for sacrifice to be offered for the sins of the dead, thinking well and religious con cerning the resurrection. (For if he had not hoped that they that were slain should rise again, it would have seemed superfluous and void to pray for the dead.) And because he considered that they who had fallen asleep with godliness, had great grace laid up for them. // is therefore a lioly and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed from sins.' (II Machabees c. xii. v. 39, 46.). Now here we have established at ones not only the lawfulness and utility of praying for the dead, that they may be loosed from sin, but a belief in purgatory in the very words of the Church ; and surely you will not say that this is a heathen source, for you must know very well that at that time Judas Machabeus was the chief High Priest of the Jews ; and that at this particular period the old law was most strictly observed by them, and consequently this practice of praying for the dead could not have been then for the first time introduced. To come however to the New Testament, — what place is, that I ast, of which our Lord himself speaks when he says (St. Luke xvi. 22 et. seq.) ' And it came to pass that the beggar died, and wa3 carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom. And the rich man also died, and he was buried in hell. And lifting up his eyes when he was in torments, he saw Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom : And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in water to cool my tongue, for I am tor mented in this flame.' Now here is a middle state most clearly pointed out, for Lazarus was not carried into heaven, or our Saviour would have said so ; be must therefore have been in that middle, state or prison, which the- Church calls Purgatory; waiting, among other just souls, until the sacred passion and' death of our Lord opened the gates of heaven to the souls of the just made perfect ; as we find to be still more explicitly taught by St. Peter in- his first epistle (chap. iii. y. 18, 19), 'Because Christ also died biice for bur'siris, the just for the' unjust ;; that he. might offer, us to God; being put to death indeed in the flash, but-enlivened in the spirit. In which also coming he preached to those spirits which were in .prison: which, had been some time incredulous, . when they waited for the patience of God in the daiys of Noah, when 'the ark was a building :' wherein a few; that is eight souls were saved by water.' The : prison here spoken of into which the spirit of Christ entered to preach to the souls of those therein con fined, could not'be heavsn, which is no prison, nor 'hell; for out of hell there is no redemption, and the! spirit of. our Saviorir did not descend thither :to preach; to the damned.: Besides these clear aud ex plicit scriptural testimonies in support of the doc trine of the' Catholic' 'Church', relative' to a middle! 'state after. death, I will, teftryou.to the, following, passages in which if the doctrine of- purgatory and prayer and religious rites for the benefit of departed' isouls is not clearly 'taught, it is, 'at' all events by im plication, that. is, tho faith which the Church holds may be fairly -deduced from them; 'Tor other foundation no man'can lay but that which is laid ; which is'. Clirist Jesus'.' Now if any man build upon this foundation,, gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble, every man's work shall be manifest: for the day of the Lord shall declare it, because it shall be revealed in fire ; and the fire shall try every man's work, of what sort it is. If any man's work abide, which he hath built thereupon ; he shall receive a reward. If any man's work burn, he shall suffer loss V 'bat lie himself shall be saved, yet ao as by fire.' (1 Cor. iii. y. 1115.) ' Otherwise what shall they do that are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not again at all? Why then are they baptized for them t' ;(l'Cpr.xv; 29.); Here it is plain that some kind of service was performed for the benefit of the dead/by the 'early, Christians j we do not find that St.-Paul condeinns;this ?practice,' on tho contrary he speaks of it encouragingly ; and if we once admit the belief ; that prayers and other penitential work8 may be beneficial to the; souls of the departed, we must of necessity admit a belief in % middle state, or purgatory.; Without multiplying tsxts, these 1 think, are sufficient to prove that there is scriptural authority for the. faith of the Church on this head; and I now proceed to shew the untruthfulness of your second assertion that 'it was wholly unkuown to the early Church.' I shall first appeal to the Liturgies of the ancient Churches, both Greek and Latin. ' The substance of the an cient Liturgies,' says Bishop Poynter (Evidence and character of the Christian Religion) ' was derived from the Apostles aud communicated by them to the Churches, where they preached and established the religion of Christ. Tho first Liturgy was that which was formed and used by the Apostles in the Church of Jerusalem. It is sometimes called the Liturgy of St.' James, the -first Bishop of that. See. Then other Liturgies were introduce'd into the/other. Patriarchate Churches in the East, viz., of Alexan dria, Antioch, and Constantinople. The Liturgy of Alexandria ii called the Liturgy of St. Mark ; that of Constantinople is called the Liturgy of St. Chrysostom.' .... . ' The most sacred part of the form of divine worship, the Canon, during the first two or three centuries, was only committed to memory and retained by the bishops and priests. as the Apostles' Creed was learnt and retained by tho faithful. The Canon was not written till about the beginning of the fifth age, when the danger of exposing all that was most sacred in the mysteries of religion to the derision and blasphemy of infidels was not so great as it was in the first two or three centuries. But when the Canon was generally committed to writing it was found to be the same in substance in all Christian countries. This shewed the unity of its origin, in the unity of that faith which was everywhere taught by the Apostles, and which was the spirit of the body and language of the Liturgies.' Well, then these Liturgies speak as follows :— ' Again and again, we commemorate all the faithful departed, those who are departed in thetruefaith, from this holy altar, and from this town, and from every country ; those who in the true faith have slept and are come to thee, the God and Lord of spirits and of all flesh. We pray, we beseech, wo entreat Christ onr God, who has taken their souls and spirits to him self, that, through the innumerable acts of his mercy, He would render them worthy to receive the pardon of their offences and the remission of their sins, and would bring us and them to his kingdom in heaven. Wherefore let us cry aloud and say Kyrie Eleison.' — From the Liturgy of Jerusalem, or St. James. ' To the.souls of all these, O Sovereign Lord our God, grant repose in thy holy tabernacles, in thy. kingdom, bestowing on them the good things pro mised and prepared by thee, which eye hath not seen, and ear hath not heard ; and which have not entered into the heart of man. Give re3t to their souls, and render them worthy of the Kingdom of Heaven. Grant to us such an end of life as may be worthy of Christians, pleasing to thee and free from sin j and give us a share and lot with all thy saints.' — From the Liturgy of Alexandria, or St. Mark. ' We also offer to thee this rational service, for the sake of those who repose in Christ. For the re pose and the remission of the soul of thy servant, N, in a place of light, from which grief and lamen tation are far removed; and make him to rest, where he may see around him the light of thy coun-. teiiance.'— From the Liturgy of Constantinople, or St. Chrysostom. ' Mother of pur Lord Jesus Christ pray for me to the only begotten Spn,- who was born of thee, that he may forgive me my offences and my sins, and may receive from my weak and sinful hands this sacrifice, which in my weakness I offer on this altar, through thy intercession for me, O Holy Mother. . . . . O Lord, powerful God, receive this ob lation/ for all the departed, who being separated from us, have quitted this world.' — From the Liturgy used by the Nestorians tailed the Liturgy of the Holy Apostles. ' O Lord our God, graciously receive from us this sacrifice of thanksgiving, the rational fruits of our lips, that ic may be in thy sight a good memo rial of the ancient just, of the holy Prophets, and blessed Apostles, and of nil the children of the Holy Catholic Church, of those who have passed out of this world in the true faith, that theu mayest, 0 Lord, graciously grant them pardon of all the sins and offences, by which, in this world, in a mortal body, and in a soul subject to inconstancy, they have sinned or offended before thee, because there is no one who 'does not sin.'— From the Liturgy of Theodorus used by the Neslorians. ' To those, O Lord, whose souls thou hast re ceived, grant repose in that place, and vouchsafe to transfer them to the kingdom of heaven.' — From the Coptic Liturgy. ' The principal Liturgy used in the West was that of Rome, considered to be a form of worship re. ceived originally and in substante from St. Peter. This was inserted by St. Gclasius (who was Pope from 492 to 496) in his Sacraminlary ; subse quently it was put into a new form, the three books of Gelasius being put into one, by Pope Gregory, and the present Roman Missal, that which we now use, is the same Liturgy as the Sacramentary of St. Gregory, with the exception of some new Masses ivhich have been added since his time. In this Missal we Snd the commemoration for the dead as follows:— 'Be mindful, O Lord, of thy servants who are gone before us with the sign of Faith, and rest in the sleep of peace. ... To these, O Lord, and to all that sleep in Christ grant we beseech thee, a place of refreshment, light and peace: through the same Christ our Lord, Amen,' — Roman Missal. _T'1US ye.see that the ancient churches of the Eist and the West, are completely at one on this question of Purgatory and prayers for the dead. Let us now turn for a short period, to the works of the ancient Fathers. . Tertullian, who lived in the age next to that of the i Apostles, speaking of a pious widow, ; says': ' She prays for the soul of her husband, and ! begs refreshment for him.' St. Cyprian in the ; following. age says ' It is one thing to be waiting for pardon; another to attain to glory ; one thing to be serit-toprisou, and not go from thence till the last .farthing is paid ; another to receive immediately the reward of faith and virtue: one thing to suffer lengthened torments for sin, and to be chastised and punished for a long time in that fire; another to rhave cleared away all sin by suffering. — S. Cypr. ?,l.ir.ep.2.,%. St. Chrysostom, the light of the eastern church who [flourished within 300 years of the Apostolic age writes as follows : — ' It was not without good reason ordained by the Apostles that mention should be' made '.of the dead in the tremendous mysteries, because they knew well these would receive great, benefit from it.— /n cap. I. Phillip. Horn. 3. In like manner St Cyril of Jerusalem, Eusebius, St. Ambrose, St. Epiphauius, St, Jerome, St. Augustin, . and almost every other ecclesiastical writer in those early ages, both in the east and the west bear testimony to the belief of the early church in this doctrine, but I will only make one more quotation from St. Augustin who says — ' Through the prayers and sacrifices of the Church and alms deeds, God deals more mercifully with the departed than their sins deserve.' — Confess. I. IXcap. 13. Thus I have completely disproved your assertion that the belief in Purgatory was wholly unknown to the early church,' and that it was only ' towards the eud of the Gth century, it was fully inaugurated and made an article of faith by Gregory the Great;' for every one of the au thorities 1 have quoted were living long before that time ; not one oi them being later .than the filth century, but most of them prior to that period. 1 have also proved both from Scripture and anti quity that your charge of ' heathenism' in this 'first instance' is baseless and uncharitable, and moreover at direct variance with the truth. (To be conttnucd in tur next.) |. 