THE BEUGIOUS DISSENSIONS IN ST. GEOHGE'S-IN-THK-EAST. Os Sun'lay the parish church of St. Georgc'sin-thc-Eisi was re-opsncd for divine ser»ice, afcer the mediation of tho Bishop of London in reference to the ccclc&iastical; disputes which have for some time past agitated the parish. Unhappily, the mediation bas cuded in nothing, cxcept, indeed, in inducing a fiercer and more outrageous display of passion on tho part of the parisliio&ers; than bas hither o been experienced. It was understood that tho Bev. Bryan King, M.A., tbe rector, would take the morning service. He did so, and the congregation was a very large one, an unusual occurrence sc far as regards tbe morning service at St. Gco<ge'e. At 11 o'clock, the rector, accompanied by 10 or 12 choritters, walked in procession from tbe west to the east cud of the church, and all of tbem having taken the choristers' seats, Mr. King commenced the serviec, which was choral throughout. The Bishop of London, on his mediation, decided xhat the coloured stoles should not be used, and Mr. King wore only his surplice with his hood representing his degree n{ Master of Arts in the University of Oxford. As soon as ho commenced the serrioc there was a hiss, but this soon subsided, and there was no further interruption until the retr. gentleman commenced bis sermon. Preparatory to this Mr. King turned his back to the congregation, find, bowing to the cltav, said, " In the name of the Father, the Son, and tbe Holy Ghost," instead of the ordinary prayers. Tbis was followed by hisses, stamping of feet, and the slamming of pew doors. Mr. King proceeded to tbe delivery of his sermon, selecting for his text the 2Gih chapter of L villous, 31th and 35th verses" Then shall the land enjoy her Sabbaths, 'as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your cncmict.' land, even then shall the land re=t and enjoy her Sabbaths. As long as it lieth desolate it 6h*ll rest, bccause it did not rest in your Sabbaths when yc dwelt npoh it." He remarked ihat to desocrate a church was a sin above and beyond all oibers. It was opposed to tbo deepest and strongest faelings of the natural life. He wished to say that it was at bis own special request that the Bishop closed the church. For tbe last sii weeks the voice of pr.iyer and praise had been silent there. In this respect tbe work of G. d bad been hindered through tbe evil passions of men. He did not know that the fearful scones which bad been enacted there were capable of any exaggeration, He could only compare them to those sad events in the history of the Church which occurred at the great rebellion. Tho pretence then was much the same as now. What was clamoured against then was singing and music in the service of God, and the service of God in vestments which were appropriate to their peculiar offices. He should ever regard these things with a feeling of humiliation and sadness, and yet with joy and thankfulness that they were again permi'ted to worship Almighty God in their parish church. He should never enter the walls of that church without a feeling of shame on account of the gross outrages which had been committed there. .These services henceforward would be conducted without those Ducharistic vestments which were familiar to them. He could never again put on those beautiful robes, mid henceforth, therefore, they must worship God in that holy sacrifice in the garb of humiliation—The llishop of Loudon's decision was that the afternoon lecturer's service should take place at halfpast three, and that the rector's afternoon service,should precede it. Accordingly, Mr, King fixed liis service for a quarter before I three, at which time the church was overflowing. When the rev. gentleman appeared I j with his choristers in the church, a loud 1 determined shout nf disapproval burst forth. I:I Unmoved, however, by this violent demonstration, the rev. gentleman knelt before the altar and went through the Litmy service. He was hissed, hooted, and yelled at during the whole of the scrvice, and at its close made i his way Willi difficulty to the vestry, from |l11 which in a few minntcs afterwards the Rev. Hush Allen come, habited in a surplice, without cither hood or stole, and performed the second servicc. The seven o'clock service was suspended by desire of the rector, and contrary to the wishes of the churchwardens. At half-past six the bells were rang and the church was lighted up. At this time there were between 300 aud 400 people outside the gales waiting for admission. The beadle came iu front and announced tint there would he no servicc—a statement which was received with a a luud cry of disapprobation. Several of the parishioners hastened to inform Mr. Thompson, the senior churchwarden, of the circumstance; and thit gentleman, having callcd Mr. Howell, the vestry clerk, to his aid, waited upon the rector to ascertain his reasons for this extraordinary course. The rector slated to him that, from his experience of the morning, he did not consider that it would be safe to open the church for the evening service j upon which Mr. Thompson repaired to the steps at the side of the church and addressed the assemblage, remarking that the rcntor had thought fit to say that he would not conduct the service that evening, and that lie {the churchwarden) not having any clergy man at hand who would be willing to undertake the service, he must request those who had assembled quietly to disperse. This recommendation was at orre acted upon, and no disturbance of any kind took place. The Rev. Edward Stuart, M.A., incumbent of St. Slnry Magdalene, Munstcr-Btreet, was to have taken the evening duty at St. George's, had any servicc taken place. 