ROGUES AND ROGUERY, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,--In passing through Flinders-lane a few days ago I saw a miserable- looking man steal a box of tobacco, which was too temptingly exposed at the door of a store, when two men, who had been watching the bait, darted out of the store and seized the thief with as much apparent satisfaction as they would have felt in hooking the shark that had just swallowed their aunt. A policeman (who I imagine was also on the watch quickly presented himself, his face all over grins, at the immediate prospect of being serviceable to society, and dragged the thief, tobacco and all, amidst a pitiless crowd, to the *' lock-up ." there, I suppose, to await the formal preliminaries to his commencinglossonsin draw- ing on the roads, without fees, for a year or two. The foregoing littloovoryday incident awakened a host of uncomfortable reflections in my mind on the incongruities and anomalies of justice in this queer world of ours, a few of which I will trouble you with, if you can afford the necessary space in your columns. A poor hungry-looking fellow boldly steals a box of tobacco (of the value, I assume, of 30s. ), which is, almost cruelly, placed in his way to tempt him, for which he is seized, prosecuted, convicted, and will probably be made to work hard, on corresponding diet, losing his liberty for year or two, and possibly losing his character for life. I am far from unduly sympathizing with the thief, nor would I question the justice of such a sentence, viewing the thing abstractedly ; but a glance at another picture in my mind's eye materially alters my feelings. Fat, sleek, hip 3 critical rascals (the most dangerous thieves in the world), who are never hungry, steal a cargo of boxes of tobacco, or a cargo of anything else, in boxes or out of boxes-they are not fastidious ie., buy it on credit, without the means or the intention of paying for it, live sumptuously on the plunder as long as they can, to the ruin of honest traders, who but hopelessly try to compete with them, and when their friend, the devil, fails them with his counsel, they suddenly fail too, to the utter amazement of the masses, who thought them enormously wealthy and support ' lively good men, A composition is offered and accepted, and on they go again, in a day or two, as lively as eels just skinned; or they are smoothly and sympathizing escorted through the Insolvent Court, and the week after next buy mansions to live in, and, with virtuous indignation repudiate the right of any of their poor ruined creditors to give vent to the ghost of a groan within reach of their sensitive ears, and dare them to pen one paragraph, or utter one sentence demonstrative of their disgust at such barefaced swindling, on pain of paying the costs and penalties of a prosecution for libel. Law and lawyers support us 1 Pardon my intemperate ebullitions, dear Sir, 'tis enough to make a Quaker kick his mother, to hear those only, spoon-faced, panic- breeding rogues plate of their morality, and virtually threaten to murder the men they have robbed and ruined if they dare to grumble, or to impugn their piety or honesty by word or sign. The patience of poor old Job would scarcely have stood such a shock, much less mine. Allow me, Sir, to address a word to these individuals swear in I and don't mistake me ; I am in earnest, ye super- fine satan skinned, sanctimonious, cheating, chaunting scoundrels, who would rob a poor him 1 man of his dinner and his dog, if nobody were looking at you, and that is the quintessence of roguery and you would murder your mothers if they dared to say you were not upright, honest men. Now club together and prosecute me for libel for telling a little bit of truth; but be careful lawyers, I am not a rich man now, a lot of such rogues have robbed me of my fortune, BJ mind you look out for your costs on the other side." If that stupid, hungry-looking thief had had a little more worldly wisdom is., more skill in lying and hypocrisy), had he taken a few lessons from some of his brethren in the wholesale line, he would have bought the box of tobacco on credit, and then he might have sat and smoked a quietly as a Turk in his harem, no policeman i daring to make him afraid. This is too respectable a city, I should hope, judging from its grand appearance, to harbour any wicked villains of the second class 'I Ima alluded to but there are some in the city that I came from, and you would not have far to run to find them when you stepped on shore, sleek, serious, greasy-looking man, " whose eyes stand out with fatness." There is brass enough in their faces to make a barrowful of knockers, only you can't see it through the thick coat or solemn blarney varnish which covers it and although some of them have recently been white- washed so smoothly, they are like animated soot bags beneath, and no clean body can rub against them without defilement. I have come to Melbourne for change of air, and to get out of sight and scent of those knave i for a short space, but I have not escaped seeing Home of their maudlin, cholor-crcating effusion?, in virtuous vindication of their honour and honesty, in the Sydney newspapers of late, and the perusal of them has given rise to these remarks, which I should not otherwise have troubled myself to pen. I am, Sir, yours truly, LAZARUS LOSTALL, Melbourne, October 1. from Sydney. 