Renewed Fight. I Round 1. How striking wus tho différence between tb o men now to what it had boon on tito preceding day. Thcro was Breltlc, nil radiant with confidence, und with- in himself certain that it would require a repetition of tho porfommnco ho BO well oxecuted in their first on- j counter to bring him through in triumph. On tho Wed- nesday ho hud ontcrcd tho ring with n buoyant nnd eager stop, us though ho could not bo brought too soon to ! face his opponont. Bob was now quito a diflurent man, and though ho attempted to conceal- it with a smile, ho evidently felt himself a beaton mun. Mace, on the other hand, was as confident IIB a man co tdd bo ; indeed, it would have heon strange had it boen otherwise. No sooner' had Brcttlo put himself into position than, in- stead of dashing nt his man to force tho fighting, as ho had done before, ho slopped buck, determined to try if . uny alteration of his tactics coidd alter the fortuno of war. Although Muco had been prepared for this ultbra tion in thc tactics of his opponent, still for an instant ho appeared to bo a little puzzlod. For a briof momonj; ho stood iii ibo middle of tho ring, and watched his man with his keen glance, then, drawing hiinsolf together with tho skill of a consummate mnstor, ho went in. When they got to distunco Bob let fly tho right, nnd.. got home on thu side of tho head, but was too round to bo ollcotivo. Tho opening lind now been made, when Jem countered with his mun beautifully, getting well on tho dial. Brcttlo broke ground, followed by tho Norwich cliampion, who was dotormuiod to make, no waiting job of it, knowing how truo is tho old adngo that delays aro dangerous. As Join followed his mau up, tho Bruni in the counter-hitting got liomu tho right on tho omnium, and in retreating gap to .tho ropos, una wont down. ; 2\. Mace caine from Iiis corner with a smiling counte- nance, and was instantly mot by tho Brum. Now carno an. exhibition' of- thoso splendid milling qualities that shone so conspicuous in Jeni's battlo with Truvors. No soonor did ho get within liingo than with tho left and rigltt'lie got Itoino on his mau With stinging sorority, doing execution on Bob's right lump nnd smeUur. Tho Bruin's returns were of tho most harmless oharactor, foil thoy woro wild, and, being neither woU timed nor wolf Îiluced, by no means effective. As Bob shifted position ie gol down on ono knee, but on the instant bowns up again lo rcuew tho battle. In thc struggle tho inen got on tho ropes, and in tho fall Mace was undor. (There was an attempt to claim fold, as Brottlo, it was alleged, had gouged hus man j but tho roferoo properly took no notice.) 3\. On coming up Maco lind somo olnrot about his smeller, bul il was not of any importanco ¡ while it was ovidont, from tho appearance of Brottle'a phiz, that Mace hud nguiu boon all over it. Brcttlo nguiu triod to koop away: ¡rom, lu's antagonist, but Maco followed ltira; up, and on gelling lo distanco administered a 'splendid iloit liaudor. straight iu tito middlo -bf tko head, whichuuut Bob'«.-nob for thu instant bowing like, an obsequious mandarin, at tho mnno limo producing tho olarotfromhis¡ noao and moutli. ' As'Bob broke, Joni followed hini up; nnd nguiu administered tho left on ' tho dial, when thu Brum went down with something'rory Uko a knock- down blow. ' ; .1. Brettlo tried to lead, but hit opon-hnndod, so thnti indopondont of thero being no prooision, his blows had no'cflcct. Maco, with vieil directed deliveries, got full in tho middle of tho head, and in n nilly they fought near tho ropes, when Jem nailed his uppercut beauti- fully with tho left, and tho Brum finding it u great dotti too wann to bo pleasant went down; 5 and hist. Both mon carno readily from their corners, but no soonor_liud Moco fuccd his man than ho planted on him loft ind right with astonishing rapidity, doing execution; with tolling force, right in tho middlu of tho hoad, each blow being sent homo with a straightness that increased its force, while, os ii lino point of science, it wns much admired. Brettlo, in this round, fought spiritedly with his man round tho ring to tho ropes, whon, lifter receiving anothor dose, ho wont down, and on hoing tuken to his seconds, they became wonderfully busy.; On time being called, Maco, almost without a mark, sprang from his second's knee, and stood in tho middlu of tho ring. Time was called repeatedly, without ollect and nt lust was called by tho roforeo, when, instead of Brettlo appearing at tho scratch tho spongo was thrown up hy Bob's principul second, and Maco was hailed tho winner, the battle having lasted seven minutes. Thus in the two rings it will bo Been that tho combatants fought eleven rounds in 19 minutes. Mace had no sooner been hailed tho winner than ho dashed across tho ring to Brottlo's corner, and grasped his hand with tho utmost cordiality. This will certainly bo tho last timo that Brettlo will figuro in the ring, and it is not therefore requisite to make any lengthened romarks on his style of fighting. To be briof, wo will merely state, from tho superior skill of his opponent, ho had not tho ghost of a chanco ; and in the opinion of ono und till, he never fought so badly, for ho not only lut open handed, but displayed noither judgment, timo, nor distance. Tho manlier in which ho fought was a completo surprise to all who hud seen lum exhibit in tho ring on former occasions. Ho was much crestfallen ut tho easy defeat ho had sustained, for to nonu mora thnu Bob himself was it a grunter surprise. Both inch, after they had beon dressed, wero present nt tho second fight, nnd sat together in tho most friendly manner-n proof that thora wus no ill-feeling betweon them. From tho WeeMy Dispatch wo learn that Brettlo was taken in custody on tho evening of tho fight, und for- warded to Rochester ; whens on tho following morning ho wus tuken before tho Bench of Magistrates on a chargo of assaulting tho polico. Tho " beaks," however." consi- dered tho cuso not to bo proved against lum, mid tho gal- lant, though defeated "Brum" wus discharged. 