NOMINATION FOR BAST G BELONG. The nomination for the representation of East Gcclong in the legislative Assembly, vacant through the acceptance by Dr Greevcs of an offico of emolument under the Crown, took place yester day on tko hustings adjoining the Central Police Court, Yarn-street His Worship the Mayor, the Returning Officer, read the writ inroad by the Honorable the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly,' and having requested a patient hearing for the various Candidates Mr Walter if. Hitchcock came forward and stated that he had the honor to propose Dr G reeves as a fit and proper person to represent the electors of Geelong East. Relieving at the last election that ho was au honest, straightforward man/holding li beral principles, he hail worked hard to secure his return, and Bince he had represented the consti tuency he had watched his proceedings narrowly, and saw nothing to justify his reversing the opi nion he had previously formed. He knew that the Arijua had systematically endeavored to write hiindown, but they all knew that newspaper ar ticles were more frequently dictated by policy than principle. Dr Greeves had taken an active part in every great question that had been agitated since hisretura to the Assembly, llcbadbeeuastaunch supporter of the land bill, and upon protection bis views were tbo" same now as those enunciated at his previous election, fu local nutters Dr Greeve3 had not been forgetful of their interests, and amongst other things he lud recently procured a grant of L3,000 that coal prospecting might lw carried out in this district. Ho had overy confi dence therefore, judging DrGrccrcs from his past conduct in the house, in introducing him to the electors of East Geelong as the man beat fitted to represent their interests. Mr John Noble briefly stated that he considered Dr Greeves was the best representative the dis trict had ever had, and ho therefore felt much pleasure in having the honor to second his nomi nation. Mr Ferguson begged to propose Graham Berry, Esq., as a fit and proper person to represent the electors of East Gcclong. They had. heard what Mr Hitchcock stated about Dr Greeves' protect ionist principles. Well, he would tell them that before Dr Greeves' friends would bring him for ward, so doubtful were they of tho sincerity of his views on the matter that they were obliged to get a written document from that gentleman before they would believe that he had nut changed his principles. Dr Greeves had not done his duty either in the matter ■ of the Lien Hill or the Law of Property Bill. Mr Graham Berry.would 6upporta National system of edu cation, ho was opposed to State Aid to religion, and it returned would do all he could to get £200,000 voted for water supply to Geelong, and Dr Greeves, though a minister, could do no more. Mr Upston was glad of tho opportunity afforded him and his fellow-electors of exercising their privileges as freemen, and he seconded the nomi nation of Graham Berry, Esq, with great plea sure. Mr T. W. Sidders proposed, and Mr W. 1'. Noonan seconded, Mr W. Nixon as a fit and proper person to represent Geelong East in the Legislative Assembly. Tho Returning Officer asked the electors if they had any other candidate to propose.. (A pause.) There being no other candidate, he would call upon Dr Greeves to address the electors. Dr Greeves, incoming forward, was received with mingled cheera and hisse3. He said that a few months ago the electors did him the honor to return him as their representative in the Legisla tive Assembly. Upon that occasion I explained to you at great length and upon several occasions atthovariousmeetingslattendedduringmycanvass my views on tho various political subjects then under tiio consideration of tho country, and although I had not the advantage of having had any one of these speeches reported, so that they could ba perused by the electors at leisure, I had the gratification of being placed at the head ot the poll by a triumphant, majority (cheers.). I made on that occasion certain explanations regarding my political creed, and I have nothing to alter or to add thereto I made certain promises as to what 1 could endeavor to do as your representative, and those promises X hava earnestly endeavored, I trust, to carry into effect. With reference to the Laud Bill which has become tho law of the land, I looked upon it as one of those great questions which could only ho Bottled by a compromise. You could hardly meet with a single individual whose views, with respect to its provisions or principles, were identical, and it was a feeling with which I became strongly imbued, and many others with me, that only by making concessions on both sides could wo ever hope to pass such a measure. Such, indeed, was the ultimate issue of the bill, and although I am willing to admit that the measure contains pro visions which I do not approve, and would like to hjye seen in a differeat shape or form, I can not conceal from myself, nor will tho public deny that it is a .step, and a great step too, in the right direction (applause) to open the lands to the people, and enable them to settle upon them, and we ought to congratulate ourselves that wo have obtained such a measure by which a man with limited means, if really anxious to exercise his industry by developing the resources of the colony is able to* do so. (Interruption'.)' I shall be very happy to answer any question that may bo put to me by any electors on poli tical matters, at tlia conclusion of my address, and I hope I shall ba permitted to proceed, as such interruptions, though well meant, have the effect of retarding the business of the meeting, and preventing me from laying before the electors all the information they desire, and I am anxious that they should possess.. XVjth re ference to the carrying out of the Land Bill, it has fallen to my .lot to bring its provisions into operation. I wish it to be distinctly understood and I hope what ' I say will be received without any kind of reservation, whatever my political op ponents may please to say to the contray, and that the electors of East Geelong and tho country will believe one when I repeat that it shall he my earnest endeavor to carry out the provisions of the Igmd Bill in their full aud liberal interpretation with a view tq get the people placed on the Lands, and it shall not be my jault, if they do not do so. (Applause.) I propose to populariso the measure,' to give it a shape, so' that the' people may know what they' have to get, to have pjahs made on an -extensive, scale, hut within the reach of the man of the most limited means, to enable him to procure all tho inform ation he may desire, and in order to give the full est publicity to this information, such plans and descfiptions of the land surveyed and open for selection shall be placed in'the different police and survey offices throughout the colony, so us to enable men desirous of going upon the laud to look at and choose for himself. (Applause.) A large quantity of land will be proclaimed, and unless some unforeseen accident should occu1", will he ready for selection on the ray day the Land Bill comes into operalion. (Cheers. Lx tcn6ive commonage? are heing surveyed through out the diggings and town?, and it only remains for persons interested on those subjects to com municate with the hand ollioeso that the land ap plied for may he surveyed fir limso purposes. Besides this, other very extensive surveys were going on, and a? completed, would be proclaimed in order tint people might go and select from them. The Land department can only proclaim the lands which have been surveyed and arc ready for selection, and if such In mis were not in the situutiou desired by li.o people, all they could do would bo jo wait a little until the survey progressed, I will do my utmost to realise to the very letter the principles of the hind bill, and it will not I sincerely trust be any limit of mine but the fault of the people, il they do not settle on the land. I made another promise, with regard to ideelong, to which I thin!-: it necessary to allude, which was, to no my to lor its local interest?, and particuhily v, it'll regard to the water supply of the town. I have 23 my hon freudon the left (Dr Thomson) U aware, supported him when ever tlio muter of the water suppiy of Oci-long was brfore the house, and with regard to the grant of money which ought to have been given to the town, but was credited to the purposes of the Van Yean extension to Melbourne and its suburbc, I will Hot now go into that, (a voice, " It was Klines' fault,") or fav who was to blamn. The intention of the Legislature in passing the public loco act could not be mis understood. It was perfectly well knov/n that the fad was that the sum of money intended to be raised far water supply to (leelong was absorbed in that extensive and expensive work with which the elec.r.js were very will arqunmtub I have done my best to mature the heads of a measure to carry out a scheme of water supply. I am in communication with otto in order to obtaiu that local information, without which it will be impossible to perfect such a measure: and it will .•T, ,n!y f,rat actsif re-elected, which Ifeel Blushed I euall be, to introduce it into Parliament, and I hopo it will be carried into law. I trust that uo one pan pay that I delayed pushing that scheme forward in Parliament, for no man tiiat has ■ any hiowlcdge of Parliamentary business could havebeen got to introduce or prepare such a measure iwing to the lateness of the Parliamen tary sessioi. - My friend who proposed me alluded to one or tiro local matters in which I took great interest,-eoal for instance, for tho Eearcli of which a grant of money was obtained, and I cordially support hin when he says that a coal mine is of more value than the discovery of a gold mine. Hut I (world go further and appeal to this meet ing whetljer I have not, as their representative, faithfully discharged and performed my duty in attendiugto all applications from my constituents whether aipporting mo or not, to promote the local interests of the place or tho requirements of individual!. (Hear) I would now desire to speak upen one or two matters about which I made no promise at the time, becauso not then before or of interest to the district. Some time after entering parliament two bills were brought down frou the Legislative Council, certainly in a very imperfect condition, I allude to two of the most important measures that could bo possibly introduced, the Bivorce Bill and Torrens' Ileal Property Act. AVliat was tho condition of those measures! One gentleman, a member of the Assembly, had promised to take up the Divorce Bill, and another gentleman, Mr O'Shanassy, having taken, up the other measure, sud denly abandoned it. There was no one to take it up; (hey were both most important measures, and without having read a single line beyond the marginal notes of those bills, I agreed to take charge of them rather than see them lost altogether. The Divorce Bill was in a most im perfect condition; the two English acts of parlia ment bearing on this question had been overlooked altogethiv, and it was by a mere accident that I was enabled to get that measure passed through committee, the bill beiug extended from 13 or 14 clauses to 3d, and it eventually passed both branches of tho Legislature. Although there may be a difference of opinion with regard to some of its provisions, it is a valuable measure expressly with regard to children worse than orphans, whose parents may have deserted them, and husbands and wives in their mutual relations. The other measure was that known as Mr Tor rens' Beal Property Act as brought into the Le gislative Council by Mr Coppin, and as passed, through the Legislative Council, as Mr Michie said it was passed, exactly as a man would carry a sack of coals (laughter.) Without any kind of alteration—a measure made for the laws of South Australia, which differed in many particulars-without even making the trifling alteration of using the word colony of Victoria instead of province of South Australia.' Mr O'Shanassy promised to take charge of the bill and carry it through the Legislative Assembly, but from 60mo cause or othei he afterwards declined to do so. .When the bill came down to tho Lower House Mr Bailey upon the spir of tho moment moved that it be read a first time and then dropped it, when I im mediately gave notice for its being read a second time, and it was then 4 months before I had the ghost of a chance of bringing it forward. It must he remembered that at that time the go wrament had three nights a week devoted to their busiaess, ana that after eleven o'clock no fresh business could be taken. Knowing this, however, tho Editor of this Ar:/m has made a most|unfsir attack upon me and has charged me with deliquency for the purpose of injuring me as a public man and of damaging my character in your estimation. I wrote a letter to him upon the subject (which he certainly had tho courtesy to insert), asking him to point out one single night upon which I could have brought forward-the bill and neglected to do. Ho did not comply with tliatrequest, hut simply repeated his attack upon ms. That I consider is not a fair way in which to treat public men (hear.) Shortly afterwards Mr Torrens camo down to look after this bill which certainly lis a pet project of his own, and for which he deserves ; great credit as ho has suc ceeded in doing what all the lawyers in England haro failed to' accomplish. Ho avas greatly sur|Tised when he fuund the manner in which that bill had passed the Legislative Council, and whilst he was here he wrote me out 297 amendments in the measure; and upon his return to Adelaide he sent me from 20 to 30 more by post. It is true that some of these were only verbal amendments, but even verbal amendments have to be made in a legal manner; whilst some of them were amendments containing important principles, which would take from three to four nights to discuss. I saw it was evident that it would be impossible to carry the bill through the house that session, and upon consulting with some of those who took great interest in the bill, amongst whom I may mention Mr Wilson Gray, who rendered me groat assistance, we resolved that it would bo far better not to attempt to force through a crude and mis shapen measure, but to remodel it in such a manner that it would suit the laws of Victoria, and he really a ~ practicable hill, and then to intro duce it at the commencement of tho next session, which most assuredly will be done. I have hut little more to add. I can only repeat the paomiscs which 1 made you on the occasion of my last election, and to assure you that I shall ever do|my utmost to promote the general interest of tho district. With regard to the Water Sup ply to Geelong, I can assure you that I don't in tend to let that matter drop. I have only one more word to add—and that is relative to the de centralisation of the institutions of the colony. I think that as the people settle down and form local communities, that it is necessary there should bo local government wherever such communities exist. Such local institutions would also relieve the government from haviDg the heavy charge of the great mass of public roads and works through out the colony. With regard to a revision of tho tariff, . I have nothing more to add upon that subject than I have . already expressed upon a former occasion, (at one " that was very vague.) I am certain- that gentleman coul;! never have attended my meetings or he could not have mado such au assertion, as I enunciated my viewB in the clearest manner. (Let's have 'em again.) I am a distinct Protec tionist, and taking with consideration the great difference which exists between this colony and the mother country, both with regard to machi nery and the number of tho population,' I am satisfied that protection would, reliqvo a great social evil, afford a means of putting out our yonth to useftil trpd.09, and notwithstanding what poli tical economists may say to the contrary, will keep a large sum of money within the colony, I cannot agree with the political economists, and I think no ono can find fault with mo for not agreeing with them, since they are not agreed among themselves; they are not agreed whether supply regulates demand, or whether the demand regulates the supply. ' . An elector—I? tho statement in Bear't Circular relative to the manner in which the squatters' runs are to be dealt with during the next session of Parliament correct Dr Greeves—Of course the electors will see that it would not be fair to ask me to reveal what passes in the Cabinet in strict confidence, but this much I may say, that it is evident that such, a statement cannot bo correct, since that particular point has neyer been considered by ihe Government. Q.—Is tho Divorce Bill to be retrospective In its application, because I do not want to be sepa rated from my wife ? A.—The Divorce Bill will not affect any man that sticks to his wife, or any wife thpt sticks to her husband. " Q.—Would you Eay that a run which supports 20,000 siiccp should instead support 20,000 fami lies, (roars of laughter.) I mean would you say thatsifch g run should support 20 families, because t believe 1009 sheep to be sufficient to make a man independent, whilst ?0,000 would make him almost a prince. A.—I am in favor of a division of runs. Q.—Did yon attempt to assist Mr Ebden in forming a Cabinet r A.—Mr Ebden asked mo to join him in the event of his succeeding to form a Cabinet. 1 Q.—Hav'nt you tried to join every Cabinet that has been formed ? (Laughter.) A.—No. ' Q.—A great deal of good agricultural land has been described in tho plans as stony ground, and a' good deal of good ground has been described 'as stony; if you arc returned would you en deavour to prevent such a fraud upon the public > 4-—If I discovered that such a mis representation was made purposely I tell you what I would do.—1 'would dismiss the officer inculpated. In reply to several questions relative to Dr Greeves' connection with the water commission, he said that he took office and held it as a mem ber of the commission for eighteen months with out salary, although the other members of the hoard were at that time receiving L1000 per an num. The whole of the great c;ipcmlitiire for the Van Yean which swallowed up tho amount which should have leen appropriated to Gee long took place before he had an) thing to do with the commission. 0._V,"ill you support a lien bill to enable a workman to obtain his wages without being vhuilv dependent upon the wili of the con tractor i A.—Yes. I -.supported Mr llartqn's i/en iiiil, and would support another; my own hands will ho too full to permit mc bringing such a measure forward nest session. Q.-Wiil you be in such a position that you will ho able to support a measure fqr protection to native industry,—as 0 _ member, inde pendent of your connection with government. A.—Yes, and will support a measure of that kind. In reply to ail elector, Dr Greeves stated that there were largo tat; of valuable agricultural land which could not lie brought ;nto tho market for some time, since the survey department had deemed it necessary to delay surveying tho same, heo:iu.'> had such tracU been purveyed they would t ie this have been absorbed by capitalists and monopolists. Q.—What is your opinion upon Immigration ? A.—I think that considering there is such a dis parity cf the EPxei', I think it would be desirable to vol.) a small sum to a,id female immigration; and I also consider that ;t might l;e desirable to import some men who are proficient in trades which we do not understand, so as to assist in developing our resources, as for instance those who understand wine making, fig and raisin dry ing, and the manufacture of oiivo ojl, &c.;, &c.; Mr llchan.—Do you now really think, that your services are worth i!2QQ0 a-yeat to the state f (Kearo of laughter, and cries of " yes'.) Dr. Greeves.—In reply to that I may stale, that my salary 13 not L-009 a year. It has been reduced by the present Ministry very con siderably. ' Q.—How much is it ? I believe about LlyOO (Oh, he'll know all about it wbon ho gota a cheque.) The Returning Officer.—I think some of you must have had your dinner, or you would not wish to stop so long. Will jou w that timers is fnougtt incmsy put on tho estimates to work the two steam dredges on the bar ? A.—Certainly, I will. Q.—What size do you think the runs should be. Do you think they should be disposed of by tender or by auction, and do you reply as a private member, or as a Minister I A.—It is impossible to give a reply off hand to such a question. Tho size of the runs must vary and depend upon the circumstances of tho case. , He was in favour of disposing of the runs by auction, since ho con sidered the public lands should bo managed just as a private estate, with the viow of turning it to tho best advantage. Mr Graham Perry in coming forward said/that it was the unanimous belief in Melbourno that tho Public Lands department had been placed in the hands of a man who had systematically op posed the leading principles of the Land Bill, and it was hoped by the Melbourne' men that the re suit of this election would point out distinctly to other constituencies what was their duty towards the existing government. The state of the colony at this time was one of great seriousness, and it behoved the electors hi look upon what they did politically in a serious and business like light If democratic institutions were to be carried out in this colony, the Upper House would first require to be brought to its senses, and Dr Greeves was not "the man to do that. Dr Greeves had said that his duty now was to carry out the principles of the Land Bill but he had first to be sent in by the electors. He (the speaker) had watched keenly the passage of the Land Bill through all its stages, and he now told them that it was Dr Greoves chiefly who had prevented the Orders in Council being car ried into effect. Had these Orders in Council been acted upon, and even theywhoopposed.it believed it to be constitutional, instead of a sham as wo now had, we should have had a liberal and comprehensive measure. He (Mr Berry) had been but a short time in Geclong, but short though it was he felt himself quite at homo (laughter.) ThiB was no personal matter, for a great principle was at stake,—the question being whether the government of this country was to be an oligarchy or a democracy, and he would not have come before them now had he not felt that some additional power must bo brought to bear on tho Upper House in order to curb it. The representatives in the Council wero not the men of the people, for every great question that had come before them affecting the masses had been ignored. Yet not only in the upper house but iu the Assembly itself had there been traitors to the country, or a Land bill more liberal than the one passed would have been brought for ward by them. (A remark was here made by ! some one as to the candidate's connexion with the Eastern Market meetings.) I am proud of those meetings in the Eastern Market, and I stake my honor upon it that more respectable meetings wero never held in any part of the world. (Laughter.) The public may laugh, but let them deny it if they can; the platform is as free to them as it is to him to make a statement upon. Why what did the government do after the last of these meetings ? A notice of ! motion was posted having for its object to pass a Tote of thanks to the police for their conduct upon the occasion, but the Government ! had subsequently tho good sense to withdraw it. It was evident that if the people only insisted upon their rights, the oligarchy must succumb; but this election would give the key note, whether a section of the representation of the country was to override the people, or whether the people in tended to assert their rights in the Upper House. There is another great question looming in the distance. I refer to assisted emigration. There is a tendency on the part of the Government to force this measure on; but from my knowledge of the state of the country, knowing that there are thousands unable to get work, and almost starving, I consider it would be the grossest act of cruelty to introduce more population into the country. I will inform you of a little matter that may not be known to many, that has occurred within the last month. A petition has been laid upon tho table of the Huuse from six hundred starving women hi North Melbourno asking tho government to do something to give work to tboir husbands (Laughter, and "That was in Mel bourne") |If people laugh at this I can pity them. (An elector—" What about Protection 1") I was one of tho first advocates of Protection in Mel bourne, both in public print and on the platform. I am in favor of a national system of education, for I think it would bo hotter for children to receive the ordinary elements of instruction without religious teaching, with all its dogmas. Religion is not entirely de pendent on the teaching of peculiar dogmas, it is also inseparably bound up with our literature, and manifested in our lives, and I deny that Christianity would bo endangered if a clergyman never entered a school door. I am also in favor of the voluntary system in religious matters. I am opposed to the existence of two houses of representation, believing that they can never bar monise, but will always work one againBt the other. The Workman's Lien Rill, a most useful measure, recently passed the Lower House, but when it came before the Council it was thrown out with contempt and contumely; and I say, therefore, that it is due to ourselves and the nationalities of Europe (laughter) that the Bham should be done away with, that the democratic sys tem may be successful (cheers). With regard to this representation I may state that I would never mako tho general good of the country subservient to individual or local interests, for this would only be perpetuating the present systemof centralization, and there is too much of this already, although 1 firmly believe a well and honestlydirectedeconomymighthave preventedit (cheers). The present government have the con fidence of no section of the house, and I believe the elections generally will go against them, Dr G reeves has not told you if he has made any con ditions affecting your interests and views upon his joining the present administration,—an ad ministration that has not even the confidence of tho squatting party, unless it be but to keep the seats warm for their future occupancy; but, it will not last long, and thenit will be the people's own fault if they do not; came into power in re ality (cheers.) ' An Elector—Are you an advocate for the pay ment of members f I decidedly am. I consider it the most important question of the day. (Loud laughter and cheers.) ■ Without it all demo cratic institutions might be abolished, and this is apparent by the manner in which tho squatters oppose it. What wa3 the use of abolishing .the property qualification of members, if tfiey were not to be paid for thoir services ? This was the object aimed at. In my youth, when I had am bitious thoughts in reference to these things, I imagined it was an honor to represent a constituency (laughter) without payment but since I have grown older and see the stern realities of things, this illusion of youth has passed away, and I am sorry that djmocratic institutions cannot exist without payment of members, (Cheers.) Representatives go in to win, and have hard work of it, not only in de bate, night after night, but on committees, and have therefore as much right to be paid for their labor as judges or ministers have. A voice—(What'3 your opinion of the water you're drinking—a remarkably muddy sample of the Barwon compound.) The candidate made no reply—probably not distinctly hearing the question. In answer to other questions, .Mr Berry stated that he was in favor of a mint and national bank of issue; that he would enquire, if he got into the house, where the 11/200,000 had gone to, voted for the water supply, and that he would watch Dr. Greeves when he brought forward the real pro perty bill. Mr Ronald asked—Is Mr Berry in favor of tho houses sitting to legislate under the threatening presence of largo mobs in the Parliament Square. (Hear, hear,) Mr Berry—I am in favour of constitutional li berty for which our fathers bled and died. I would let the people meet how, when, and where they liked. (Loud cheers.) I can provo that the lato riot was brought about by tho government with a view to coerce tho people, and had the people got what they were then seekiug for the Land Bill woidd not bo the sham it is, and for my own part I should always wish to meet tny fellow countrymen wherever they might desire, tho Eastern market or any where else. (Loud cheers, amid which Mr Berry retired.) Sir William Nixon now oauio forward, and Baid as the day was far advanced he would not detain them long in stating his views upon tho various questions affecting tl;o well-being of this colony. Hu addressed them as a democrat and as a mem ber of the working class. Men might call him a puppet. (A voice—And so you are.) Well, the man who said that did not deserve tho political privileges he enjoyed. (Laughter.) He believed in the payment of members, and also that tho Government had made a great mistake in baking l)r Grooves into their midst. (Laughter.) Dr Greeves was constantly tinder the ^pressing that the press misrepresented bint, but Dr Greeves was known to be a slippery dog (bear, hear.) Ho re gretted making use of that expression, because it was not parliamentary, and would therefore with draw it (hear, hear.) Ho considered Dr Greeves had not fairly accounted for failing to carry the property bill through; for had ho been firm he would have been able to get it passed. Fqr him self be intended to retire from the eontcat, for ho had neither time, money, nor means to devote to the people's cause, .and to depend upon the pro fessions of thg people oi Cjeelong as to what they would do for him was to depend upoq a broketf reed (loud laughter and disapprobation,) but'ho considered ii Dr Greeves was returned ho would not be the right man in the right place; yet con sidering the circumstances by which we were sur rounded he believed that good executive measures were far better than talking about democracy. He admired Graham'Berry ; he was a man aftor his own heart, and should like tq pee Graham Berry returned, hut considered ho had uo right to say to the electors vote either ono way or tho other. The ministry had conferred a great honor on the Western District by giving Dr Greeves a fse.at in the Cabinet, and Dr Greeves, from his position, could Bervo the electors well if he liked, and he hoped he would, but it was a matter of perfect indifference to him who was elected. His Worship the Mayor called for a show of hands for tho respective candidates, wheu about thirty were held up for Dr Greeves, and for Mr Graham Berry a forest of palms, for Mr Nixon fow, but Mr Nixon had previously stated that he re tired from the coutest. A poll was demanded on behalf of Dr Greeves, which tho Worshipful tho Returning Officer de clared would take place on Saturday, the 6th Oct., hi North .Gcelong, Barwou, and Kardinia. A vote'of thnnti to tho Returning Officer was moved by Mr Graham Berry, and ceccndpd by Dr Greaves, and, with a cheer for the Miyor, the meeting siparstcd. About 500 persons were preeent, 