THE IRISH QUESTION.. Translated from the French, by J. P. IS. Simultaneous publication in Paris nnil Dublin, : (Continued from mir last.) V. \- It would be painful for us to go batfc through the course of ages, and follow in the pn^es of history, lhe trace of the Wood and tears of unfortunate Ireland. Who does not know that Lug series of violence, of massacres, of confiscation and plunder, ' tf every sort of perfidy, of tyrannical and san guinary oppression ! Shall we remind our readers, for instance, of what Protestant historians them selves have said of the conduct of .the conquerors of Ireland ahoiit the sixteenth ccnlury? 'By their horrible excesses the English purchased the curse of God and man.' So one of the historians writes.* These atrocities have remained to this day en graven on the hearts of the Irish. S-o much so, that dming the late insurrection in India, when crueltifs were falsely imputed to the Indians, it ?ccurred to the Irish, by way of retort, to narrate the too : rW/Miarbarism accomplished in Ireland by ' the '' Saxon Sepoys.' The heart- rending scenes, during the famine wouM have, howerer, sufficed t) remind ... l one of the report which was one day made to Queen \- Elizabeth,--' Little was left. in Ireland for her Majesty to reign over but ashes and carcasses.'' We h:id seen vrriBed to the letter in our epoch the descriptions given by historians of those remote times, and .wiiritssed the frightful' eight of a whole people perishing of Hunger -.n a 'soil which has pro duced tha most bountiful harvests. ,' Notwithstanding that the country was most ? rich and plentiful, full of come and cattel, yet, era one year and a half, they -were brought to such wretohedness as that any stony heart would ruo the same. Out of every corner of the woods and glynns, they came creeping forth upon their hands, for their legs could not bear them i they looked like anato mies of death ; they spake like ghosts crying out of their grares ; they did eat the dead carrions, happy tvherc they could jinde them ; in shorte space was none Almost left, and a most populous and plentiful countrey was suddmnTi left voyde of man and beast.' —Spenser's State of Ireland, p. 1G5. ?When we reflect on what passed under the reign of Victoria, rriigUt net the Irish believe themselves carried back to the reign of Elizabeth ? Under the latter queen, however, there were not less than sixty Irish insurrections. It is true that if they broke, out, naturally from the wish of the inhabitants to get rid of so much oppression, they were also excited by the English themselves, who sough', for opportunities' of plunder and for excuses for new confiscations. Crushed down again under Cromwell for its fidelity to the royal cause, ravaged, inundated in bUnd, Ireland found itself again treated as a rebel nation By William the Third. The nine.tenths of ?its' land was confiscated to the profit of Protestant strangers! .Long was she oppreseed under tho3e too latnons and terrible ' Penal Laws,' a monument of shame for the. nation that made them, The 'Infernal Code' governed Ireland until 1782, Under this cruel legislation the Catholic was the slave of the Protestant, and only became partly his equal in ' 1829. Political aud commercial tyranny, systematic op. pressipn, -.unceasing religious persecution constitute the '' resumi,'' .of the regime' which England for centuries imposed on the Irish, whom O'Connell so well mined- ' 1 he Martyr People.' ?All this is, no. doubt, ancient history j but Ire land, who still suffers from it, has forgotten nothing ; . and we shall show that she ia even forced to day to remember it.^ Has the policy of the British- government with regard to her- changed ?? In form it lias, hut in ,iubstanc« and reality it has not. Ah! you are a skilful man, John Bull ! None know better than you do how to disguise under the external cloak of liberalism and philantrophytheplunder of nations and peoples, coldly calculated in the interest and for the iireater glory of what you name with pride ' British civilization.1' Your only excuse, it is said, is that the interest of the state, ' la raison d'etat,' , governs all your Irish piliey. Let us study, then . that learned polioy. VI. A conviction exists. in the minds of enlightened Irish putiiots which. we find expressed in the follow ing words by one of them :— ' It is ab?olutely essential to the existence of the British empire that the Irish peasant class be kept in a condition wlnoh will maite .them entirely manageable— easy to be thinned out when they grow too numerous, and avail able malarial far armies." In other terms, it would be' a duty for the English government to see that the Irish, at the same time that they provided for the food and luxury of Eng land, should reraain .sufficiently miserable never to have the strength to shake off the yoke, and continue to furnish her with soldiers andwovkuen at a low' rate. What is to bo remarked here is, that the Irish writer who supports thin argument makes neither oomplaint nor reproach. He simply adds — ' Those,who are of opinion that British civilization in a blessing and a light to lighten the world, will easily reconcile themselves to the needful condition. Those who deem it the most base and horrible tyranny that lias ever .soivlalised the Earth, will probably wish that its- indispensable prop, Ireland were knooked from under it.' This is an extreme opinion, and in a subdued form, a very serious accusation. 'How explain it? Un ? fortunately history, whose language is dispassionate informs .us,- even, by the testimony of Protestant , writers, that the intention of the British Government ! with rogird to Ireland, has never been benevolent. Thus,' the plan' of Fli.zibsth was to colonise this country with' g'ribrl land lijyal Protestants, and to root '- out Jhn. mere Irish. .'.The favourite object -of the . Irish governors and the British parliament, wai the \ 'litter- extermination of all the Catholic inhabitants of Ireland, which they swore to do j their estates v were' already, marked out, and allotted to the con querors, so that they and their posterity were con . , a'flned to inevitable ruin.' {Vide Inland, book 5, chap. iv.) ' Until . tlie. war of Natioml Independence in America, the objsct of the British LogisUture in Ireland, was to force; tho landlords, whether it was their,.wish or not,; to oppress the .farmers ; as if it were not enough for Ireland to h'jvo been confiscated rathorthanobnciMerod'-by -'foreigner's' in race and in rcligiSri I '.' Among'lih'e' conditions imposed by the ....?' government, to .those who /received -or; .undertook plantations, or settlements in. the kingdom- of 'Ire- \ land-,'was that of giving the culture of those lands to English or Sbptishsctilcrs.' But the latter .'little in clined, to faee.'the: hostility of a people reduced to deapiir, ..required too, favourable, conditions, and it became necessary, in spite of every tiling, to have rcc.Vutsb to tho Irish' peasantry,' who'on their side accepted the, liurdt!st and most' difficult .conditions. England in vain protested ngainst this system, which' was entirely contrary to be one she intended adopting The historians of tho.™ confiscations are unceasing in their complaints about the rapacity of the com panies of settlers, so deficient in ' patriotic'1 spirit as not to prefer expensive English and Protestant tenants to Irish tenants who were to be had at n lower rate. ' The plan of the government consequently failed. It obtained success in a certain measure only in Ulster, where Scotch tenants were introduced, so that to-day, if the majority of the gross population of that province are Catholics, the more wealthy farmers, as well as the landlords, are for the greater part Protestants. . - But has modern England adopted Mich traditions ? D.ies she carry. out, in a different form, a similar policy ? It is true, that afier having confiscated the land and enslaved the Irish people, she endeavours to use (eCploite) them in the measure and according to the nature of her present mid new exigencies* This is what I/ish patriots affirm. Has that opinion the slightest foundation ? We now, have eome down to contemporary facts. \- VII. What is the position at present of the Irish peasantry, whom past ages show us to have been systematically devoted to a complete extermination ? 1j. the odious legislation which condemned to death 'a whole people on fhe very land which was tuksn fro-.n them, atill in vigour? Is the pro prietors of the land in Ireland, always forced by law to oppress'unto extinction the conquered race ? Let us at once declare that he is not. But if the strict obligation of driving the Irishman from his farm exists no longer, the legal right or enablement is still in the hands of the landlord. In one word the law no longer says ' Thou shalt evict;' but it still says ' Thou mayest evict ;' and tradition adds : '' By taking advantage of this right you will be meritorious in the eyes of Protestant England.' That is why we so often read, even in the English -apersof so many evictions (lhatis the word) ♦ taking place. The peasant or Irish tenant has not, then ceased being at the mercy of his master. He is called ' tenant sal will,' being .at the caprice of the owner of the soil , or tbe 'landlord.' The tenant holds nothing — not even the house or the hut he himself built, and from which he may b» at every moment driven without receiving compensation. Alas'. Had he wrought and developed in his farm the most co3tly iinprovemeots-^had he spent on it not not only his labour, but his savings — all he had in the world — his future prospects and those of his family — he might, from one moment to the other, even when be has paid his rent regularly, receive ' notice to quit,' and be forced to abindjn every thing without being paid back one single penny ! It is the landlord who legally profits by all the i im provements; he can send awiy, when he chooses it, his tenant, who owss him nothing ! ? ~ . The position of the Irish peasant, at the mercy of his landlord, cannot be compared to anr other in the world. It has been a hundred times over proved, that the serfs of the'middle ages, or the serfs of Russia in the present day, were treated infinitely better. The serf 13, at least, attached to the soil ; it must feed him ; he is not exposed to death by hunger while the laud he tills grows a crop. _ In Ireland, the landlord has no legal duty to fulfil to wards his tenant. Nothing prevents him from turning away; that is, from condemning to death the peasant and his family. For, for those wretched people there is no other alternative but- this, to /emigrate (and to emigrate money if necessary), or to die by the road side; unless indeed, that horrible prison which is called Work Souse- should receire them, and reserve for them a more lingering death in mournful slavery I The slayes of Amerioi theniGelves are less to be pitied than the '- tenants at will' of Ireland, Life at least is assured to the Negro slave. The condition of the Irish tenant is, then, without another example on the face of the globe. Civilized Europe offers nothing that eveu approaohes it... ;It is said that the Ryot of India (another British subject) presents alone, but not in every respect, some analogy with the Irish tenant. Who will be astonished that under such a system in which the peasant is deprived of all security, the culture of the land should be so backward? who will be surprised that'discouragement should weigh upon the minds of a whole' population thus treated for centuries, VIII. Englishmen often reproach the Irish with a cer turn 'nonchalance,' a tendency to laziness! Was there ever a more cruel reproach 1 What race of men would not have lost all their primitive energy under such a long and cruel injustice.? And yet that Irish peasant, the worst fed, the worst clad, and the worst housed in Europe— that man, who in his country felt himself crnshed down, degraded, powerless — see how he ia transformed, and how he rises up, when he can fly from the land of oppres sion ! He left his home in rags, insulted and des- | pised ! Behold he has become, in Amerioa or in Australia, a prosperous farmer— an honest and in dependent workman ! By his labour, by his economy, he will procure the means of delivering his relatives and his friends, whose thoughts are always turned, alas! to exile, as towards their only hope and salvation. It is estimated tliat fitly millions of franca, the savings of the expatriated Irish, are yearly sent from America alone, to pay the. passage .for new emigrants. It is by this means that the Exodus of Ireland is accomplished. To prove the justice of the views which we have just given, we must enter into new details. Perhaps people ask themselves, for instance, why the Irish peasant, driven away from the fields, d- es not go to the towns for, means of existence? The answer is a very simple m\e; It is because there is little work and little industry in the Irish cities. Why 1 Because England does not wish it t She mHde Uwb, which lasted from 1(599 to 1782, to pre. .vent Ireland from having manufactures. The in dustrial prosperity of England reposes principally on that enormous iniquity committed towards Ire land, and this latter country- is so far behind her jealous mistress now, that it will be henceforward impossible to compete with British industry, unless a complete change take place in the rcciproctl po sition of the two countries. The pro vince of Ulster alone enjoys some coin meioial prosperity ; and theso-are the circumstances to which is due that fact : — 'When, under William the Third, '.-s English Parliament required the destruction of woollen manufactures in Ireland, it deigned to admit that it would be well to allow in that kingdom, the climate of which was favourable to it, the Linen Trade, 1 which appeared not to be suited for England. French Protestants, after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, obtained concessions in Ulster, and took with them all the appliances necessary for the fabrication of Linen, In that province, us we have seen before,' Scotch Protestant farmers had been introduced; These being better treated, natu rally, than were (and are, even now) the Irish Ca tholic farmers, formed a middle class, possessing a little capital, by means of which the Linen. Trade was developed — a trade which could not have been supported in any other part of the country. If the province of Ulster enjoys a relative prosperity, it owes it above all to the partial success of that policy which only aimed at replacing the Irish and Catholic population by an English and Protestant one. Having partly destroyed the formerin Ulster, that province found itself nearly in the necessary conditions for prosperity. Not however that Ulster is a paradise, with 'Pro- testant landlords and farmers. 'Though there is far more wealth diffused among the population of Ulster than in any other provinces of Ireland,* yet the labourers and artizans and masses of the popu lation are wretchedly poor ; in Ulster also nearly a'l the great landlords are either habitually or oc. casionaly absentees, and probably not one-fourth of the rents of Ulster are spent at home.' In fact that linen trade, the only one that the old policy of England tolerated in Ireland, has not to day even attained 'a tenth part of the development which it might receive. The absence' of manufacturing labour explains the great obstinacy with which the Irish psasant gives himself up to field labour. A farm to culti vate is in fact .the only chance of life for himself and his family. So, by excess of competition (as well as by the habits of luxury on the part of the landlord, and the avidity of his agents), the tenant is reduced to the necessity of accepting the farm at an cxprbitant rent. He knows beforehand that of all it will proiuce, there will remain for him only potatoes of the worst kind, lumpers, which he will eat iii ODinmonwilh his pig, if he has the happiness o'f possessing one. To eat potatoes is the supreme ambition of the Irish farmer. If his landlord drives him away he has only to beg, to emigrate if he can, or to -die of hunger. IX. It must alreadv be evident that the misery of the Irish peasant belongs to the nature of things, and -that a simple parliamentary law would not suffice to remedy such a deep-seated eril, And still we have not yet exhausted this essential pirtof The Irish Question. Another point requires to be explained. Why should the landlord evict his farmer, if he were an honest man and a good workman ? For a thousand reasons which he may set as;de, but of which those are a few :— We have seen that in former times the expulsion of the Irish farmer was obligatory, and that it ia still legal. -We may say that it has remained meritorious, according to the traditional policy of England towards Ireland. At least it is certain that a landlord, and even the most honourable one, will not hesitate in certain cases to employ a pro ceeding placed at the disposal, ariS 'sanctioned by oustoin. So that whether it appear more advantageous to unite under one farmer a quantity of lands divided into little farms ; or whether he prefer changing entirely his method of farming and turning his fields into pas'.ure lands, which is to-day in Ireland the system in vogue — introducing cattle in the place ot human Leings, as it is said in come Irish journals — or that he simply wishes to bring on his estate more experienced farmers — Englishmen- or.-.-Scotohmen; or further still, that he consider it as a service rendered to the state (not to say 'to himself, to pro cure tenants more docile- at the . elections, ,'pr Pro testant peasants instead of Catholic ones ; or again, that he should take it into his h»ad, as Lord Derby did a few months ago, to invest himself with the rights of i Lord and Master, and to render justice injiis own way upon his estate; in all those cases, as in many, others in which he is guided by less worthy motives,- still, when he wishes to. confiscate legally' what does not belong, to him, the Irish landlord is at liberty toevict from his property the tenant ajt will, withont having to think of- what should become of the ' vilfain' or his 'family. The law is. in his favour, and he takes advantage of his right. . Still more: not only the law exists for the land lord, but even the government itself facilitates the exercise of it. There are, in the first place, at bis disposal two functionaries who are called, one the process-server, and the other the 'driver.' The former depends on a tribunal on which the landlord himself sits as judge, and has for functions to siguify to tenants the order of eviction. The func tion of the latter is to evict or drive out the un fortunate family. On the appointed day, women, old men, children, sick or otherwise, must abandon the cabin that the destroyers are preparing to raze. For (he police constables are there armed with iron orow-bars to help the driver. This is what is called the' Craw-bar Brigade' (' 1,1 milice du levier,') — a name which it received from popular indignation Ireland counts to-day an army of twelve thousand of these demolishes, never off duty ; for the official statistics inform us that in ten years, from .1841. to 1851, they destroyed two hundred and sixty-nine thousand two hundred and fifty-three houses or cabins, and that in one year (1840) they evicted fifty thousand families.! Those are the means employed in Ireland to execute the landlord law. : X. But could not this law, which makes so many victims, which consecrates such flagrant Injustice, and excites such deep-seared hatred, he modified by the English Government 1 It has always been promised and was attempted seventeen times. At this very moment the eigh teenth attempt at a law for the protection of tenants is being discussed in the House of Commons. What shall be the result ? Even when it should have succeeded in the Parliament, what efficacious protection would it bring the Irifh peasant ? ' What change would it make in his general condition ? Moreover the protestations already raised against' this Bill do not allow iu to hope much benefit from it. It seems already certain that if it pasted into law its effects would be such that the position of tenants, far from being bettered, would only be aggravated. However this may be, the past has nothing to give Ireland confidence ; for up to this time British legislation has had only for its object to facilitate more and more, under pretext of ' agricultural im provements,' this sort of legal injustice i the ex pulsion of the tenant at will by the landlord. The formalitiei of the evictions have been simplified, and the expenses (which were only a few shillings how ever) have been reduced. In fine, nothing has been neglected ' in order to extend the effects of a measure which had been found satisfactory,' as it is said in a statement drawn up in support of a law in the reign of Georga the Fourth. Even under the present reign, laws have been introduced to assist this system, which is the cause of so much suffering and exile. It is true that it permits at the same time more cattle to be fattened, and that it rids' of a great number of hum an m oulhs. Ireland is n utensil for the use and profit of England ! England, it is true, was always most attentive and preoccupied about a pietendcd surplus of Irish population. Those preoccupations on her part ap pear to be at the same time of a political and economical nature. We have shown that in oilier times the British government openly pursued the following object: to extinguish Irish nationality and to substitute in ? stead English provincialism. Having but incomr pletcly succeeded, it is important for it to see at least that, the native Irish population, does not attain in number and force a power capable- ot com promising tho part assigned to Ireland by the cal culations of England. Thus it was -when the powerful voice of O'Connell, who, however, would consent only to appeal to moral force, the Irish as sembled in monster meetings i when the Hurrahs of eight millions of oppressed people were raised with formidable force in favour of the 'Repeal of the Union,' that is to say, the ripht for Ireland to live again with her own lift, and to feed her own children — England imagined nothing better in answer to these alarming demonstration but the theory of ' surplus population.' ( To he concluded in our rwxt.), 