." * * * wKSTWiBD. no,! v (From the Weekly Jmptre.}_. A WALK next morning of ó mile and a half, or two mil over road better than Fitt'-'street, Sydney, bringa me to ti ComjniBsioner"« Camp, ' The camp ÍB prettily situated on tl bank of a creek in a" shadyvalley, BiirroundoH by gent! «welling:liill», thinly timbered with box, and covered wi! luxuriant .jwaasV Moat" of the troopers ara married, an have families, and, although'a barracks ia 'provided fe them by the Government, have built houses for thon selves, thus giving" the plaoe a more lively and popt Join apnoarauoo. At present, there are no diggings hoare than within twopr three miles oft tliecnnip, though, wke it was first erooted,-there was a street of diggors* tents ox tending the !wholo distance ,from it to tho Ironbark Although:. ..rathor _ out. of .the woy, as far a tho. diggings in the immediate' -vioinity ar conosrned, tho Police Camp is contrioally situated with re spot to the gold district, over vhioh' the Inrlpdiotion of thi Stoney Cnäck Commissioner extamls. This dlslriat om braces a oircuit of moro than too miles, including, arnon; minor: placos, the far-famed Ophir, whore the precious meta was first discovered in Australia, thé Ûuokernwa, abonl threo miles from Ironbark, and formorly a very prpduotive gold-field ; Burrendong, on the Maoquario ; ana Merrendee, on the Meroo. ; They have still a largo population, arid con- tinue to yield n conBideralleqnanttty of gold. ' Tho diggers on tho Merrendee, whioh is nh ont thirty-five, milos from Mudgee, are, generally doini; well, while Bome'rioh prizes stil continuo to be found at Burrendong. A few da.vs ago, tho same party. that a short time since were tho luoky finders of tho.hundred weight, bogged twelve pounds' weight of gold, tho result of a day's Jabour. And now for a word or two about'1 Tho Ironbarks,'' so called from the number of ironbark trees growing oloso at hand, tho .country around hoing for the .most part timbered with box. Stoney Creek, proper, is now well nigh deserted, there being- but an old digger working on it here and there. About-eighteen months or two years ago, there were between 3000 and 4000 'diggers on Stoney Creek and the Ironbark, while' at present tho population, including women and childron, does not exceed' 300 or 400. There aro no less than six public house's on tho Ironbark, and \ one at Soney Creek, though how they ' all make -a living it is difficult to imagine. Most of tho' diggers have built comfortable bark and slab huts, and have their families re residing- there.. Formerly, women were rarely to be seen on the diggings, .but now, they are almost as plentiful as elsewhere. Tho consequence of this influx of tho female sex' has been to ameliorate considerably the hard and com' fortless conditions of the diggers' life. The diggings them' selves, though they have lost-all the romance connected with them, present a more homely appearance than they were wont to do, and the comforts, if not the luxuries of life, may now be procured on them as abundantly, and almost as cheaply as elsewhere. Many diggers have availed themselves of the advantages offered by the new and highly liberal gold regulations, and have formed neat little gardens, which supply them with sufficient vegetables for their own use. There being just now an abundance of grass and water, milk and butter are plentiful. The diggings on the Ironbark are at present almost at a stand-still. The old spots are well worked out, and the diggers look enterprise sufficient to induce them to try new ground. This want of energy on their part is the more to be deplored, seeing that there are hundreds of hills and gollies around which have never been touched, and which are quite as likely-looking spots as those that have been worked. 'Indeed,- although a good ' deal of work has been done on tho whole, the quantity of ground that has been worked on any one place is strikingly insignificant, when compared with thé vast extent of country that remains wholly untried. I cannot help thinking that a larger and more 'enterprising' body of diggers would retrieve the character of Stoner Greek as a gold-producing .district. When the great rush was made here some two years ago, the want of water was severely felt, and militated strongly against tho success of the diggings. Now, however, when there ls an abundance of water, and all the dams are full to overflowing,, there are not left on these diggings, a sufficient number of enterprising men to' give them a fair trial. I do not suppose that any extraordinary finds would be made in this locality, but I believe, and in this opinion I am borne out by experienced, miners, that a great proportion of tho country hereabouts would pay well for sluicing, if operations were conducted on an extensive and systematic scale. There are a few puddling-mills or "pug-mills" as the diggers call them, worked with horses, tat they, are not numerous enough, nor their owners suffi- ciently enterprising to thoroughly test tho capabilities of these diggings. About half-a-mile from tho ironbark, on the road to tho Muckerawa, there are two parties at. work on a qitarlz-reef. The reef, or rather nuggety vein, is of no rnnt thlokuess, but some very good specimens have been obtained from it, and those at work on it entertain sanguine expectations as to their ultimate success: One party has purchased. a quartz- crushing machine, which .will shortly arrive, when the productiveness of the reef will bo fully tested. Several shafts, some of them seventy-foot deep, entailing an immense amount of labour and expense -have been sunk, and then of necessity abandoned, the reef not having been struck. Considering the money that has been expended on this enterprise, and the time that has been lost-tho parties having been at work on it for nearly twelve months, it is. to be hoped that their pluck and pér severance will be finally rewarded. ' I examined a number "of specimens that had been, taken from tho reef; all, of them contained gold in more or less quantity, in some it was as large as, shot, while in others, and tho greater number or specimens, it could hardly be seen, being sprinkled thickly through, tho quartz in small sinning specks. A German Doctor, a man of, science, who is at work on tho reef, told us that the specimens which we saw.would yield, on tho average, from two to three ounces to the ton.» Quartz is not so abundant on tho surface here, as at the other diggings which I ,have visited, nor has tho country generally that barren, and to any but the gold digger, uninviting appearance, so characteristic of most gold-fields. Those two circumstances would lend one to be- love that Stoney Creek is tho fag-end, as it wore, of the Wostern Diggings., Towards tho Muckorawa and Burren* dong, the country gradully assumes a moro auriferous chn TTOR, I L*10 O'''neso> °f . whom largo numbers were con- gregated here sorno time ago, hnvo noir nearly all departed -a ojia sign, a» the cy pvcT say. And nair these pcnoilJings aro all transcribed, but before concluding let me, give you a sketch of my domikile, as an Hibernian friend of mine would call it, . Tho cottage, a snug ano for the bush, looks towards tho rising sun-and in front is a trim little, flower-garden. , As I write, sitting in an easy chair, I can wkonevor I ehoosa to look through the casement, enjoy the fair lnndscspo spread before mo. On all aides, through .the leafy box-trees stretch long sunny vistas, Iwundod by,swelling uplands.. Thore is scarcely any co.lerirood, and avery whoro the tall grass waves luxuriantly. Gnvelle! roads of Nature's own making, and whoso evett i)eM is constantly making mo long to have a driva ott thom, wind through the greenwood in all directions. Tho after- noon is warm. and still-nat a leaf moving in tho forest teuren A ; sound to ; be heard, save the twittering of the ssullow under tho eaves, or the humming of tho busy bee as bo rowel from flower to flower.. Now and, then, perchance, you may hear tho woodpecker tapping " tho hollow box-tree" or the little ground-parrot's low chirrup as Ito sits in tho .tile nestling near his ladye-love ; but those occasional sounds only serve to make.the general, stillness moro per- ceptible. Solitude and silence reign supreme. I am atone willi ualnre-rour "kindest mothor still." Now tho shadows lengthen and Ute evening becomes ooolor. Up and out Into tho .nlld-wood instead of poring , with blinJod oyes'ght " over miserable books." I throw, down Um pen and saunter forth. Tho blue sky smiles cheerily OH me through the green glistening boughs. Tho sun is fast Blp ' A1 "n<* "Mtern heaven is all a-flnmc,. Long bars ot gold and crimson, their uppor edges fading, into purple and dun, Rloam gloriously through tho old forest trees. All nituro M lutir.onoe. more. Host« of parroquots fill tho air Wl i iii ínr'"5 «oreums, the magpie is. carolling, sweetly on hill nml in valley, while a pair of laughing Jackasses, perchad on a stalwart limb, with tlielr wings a-kimho, scorn to bo enjoying soma excessively i funny. joke, if one is to Jmhjo by their repeated and immoderate bursts of laughter. Uno cniitmt. tral lim on,l 1« .".1..l..,t"1 fhe calm majestic night. "Mother of' dews," now apr, preaches with silent and. solemn footsteps.. -Star after star if)1' UP "le ",I,P''lre domo of honren-Jiipltor, far above »ll in brilliancy, now.that the flokle Vonas hos forsaken tho ojonlng s'ty, and gone to horald tho morning-the, warrior, Mars, flori-red-" tho alar'of tho unconquered will' Canopus, shining down on us "with bis. blue diamond ori|{htiie!»»-belted Orion, and the clustering Pleiades. Afar off the watch-dog bays forth his honest bark j close at hand the curlew pipes its wild wailing music. Night, and in tho back woods ! It is just tho time and place wherein one can, appreciate tho fellowship of a good book. My studio, sitting-room, dining- room, and library, are all in one. A select, and for the diggings an extensive stock of books adorns some shelves, evidently tho handiwork of a bush carpenter. One after another, I take up a volume of tho world-renowned, Waverley Novels and put it aside again unable to set to tho perusal of it with a right good will, Bulwer's fascinating romances share tho same fate ; my literary appetite craves some more exciting stimulus. Macaulay?Jeffrey ? Too dry, too dry. Washington Irving? * 8lnoa thc ahoTB was wrltttm, I haru again visited tho mir, vrhuu 1.1 ? '""Va soma iplondtd (peoliuimi of iiotil-boarlDR quarti, that ow Jual been proem-ed from lt. Thean apoelmeiis would ytold at jae rat« of from eight to lon ounoes to tha too. A aclemlOo sen iicmaa wholaona tour of |n«p«Uon through then dlitrlats with k- i ,.° .°»"7lns; on quarts-crushing operation! on a larg« »cale, ?rr ,t tha rear and hos axtrnaseil n highly ra.Tonra.ble opinion -li? !u «Johne«. If the reot should tura out aooordtng to praient anticipations old Stoney Creek will go ahead once« more. too tame, too tame. Shakespeare ? Byron ? Shelley? Milton? those " dead kings of melody''—will none of these suffice you? At any other time, but not now ; I long for something in tho style of that great master of the outre and mysterious, Edgar Allan Poe—something that can transport me out of this every day world, into That weird wild clime, That lieth sublime, Out of space, out of time ! What say you then to the serio-comic horrors of the "Ingoldsby Legends?" Faugh ! I am disgusted with their dismal fun, clever stupidity, and moral licentiousness Ha! I have it, Mrs. Crowe's "Night Side of Nature!" Alone in my chamber, long past the witching hour of midnight, I sit, poring over the strangely fascinating volume. I read and read story after story of ghost amd goblin, of wraith and warning, of elf and witch, until a mysterious awe creeps over me. What if all these stories, so circumstantially told, and many of them on such indis putable authority as to the facts, whatever conclusions we may draw from them; what, I ask, if those stories should be true ? The scepticism of years is shaken in a night—the pride of scorning intellect humbled. There may be " more things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." The wonders of animal magnetism, especially of clairvoyance ; tho strange visions that oftentimes haunt us in sleep, and which seem to be reminiscences of a past state, since we have never had any experience of the acts and scenes which they present to our minds ; in this, these, and hundreds of other things that might be mentioned, are still as mysterious and inexplicable as they were thousands of years ago. Ignorant, self-satisfied mortals, we prate about that omnipotence of reason, when every day we are compelled to acknowledge the insufficiency of that reason to unravel many of tho most common occurrences of nature. I read on, and on, until I am half a convert. I would close tho book, and retire to bed, but in vain; that weird volume possesses more than magnetic power. The spell increases, I shall surely be a ghost-seer anon. Every now and then I expect to see some shrouded and shadowy form rising before me, and staring at me with its horrible eyes. The wind that comes moaning through the key-hole sounds like the wail of a troubled spirit. The rats and mice, as they go trampling overhead, or scampering up the wall, startle me, as though I heard the footsteps of the dead ! Still I read on till I reach the end of the volume. Then my thoughts wander to dear ones far away ! Oh, if these things be true, how much less wretched might we make this miserable world. What happiness to free ourselves awhile from our grosser nature, and, independent of time and place, revisit in spirit those we love—the absent !—the dead !—to stand awhile on the border that separates the two worlds—in the torchlight of Eternity—and have our hopes confirmed—our fears dissipated. Now, I would no longer shun dread inhabitants of ghost land—if such there be. Welcome, ye mysterious beings, who, having tasted the a bitterness of death, have awakened to a sense of the realities of the world to come. Who that feels the weight of the mysteries of life and death crushing him down would not hail your presence to disentangle him from the maze of endless conjectures, doubts, and fears in which his soul is lost? Come then, mysterious visitants, impart to me the secrets of " the prison hoase"—not in idle levity— not in vain bravado, but in fear and trembling—in easer yet awful expectation do I now invoke you ! Alas ! they hear me not—wrapped up in this gross outer covering, the receptivity of my spirit is not yet such as to place me en rapport with the denizens of the world beyond the tomb, and enable me to hold " high talk with the departed dead !" Morning comes, and these phantasies depart. Phanta- sies !—who shall say that they are altogether such? Considering how "fearfully and wonderfully we are made"—how little we yet know of the mysteries of our being —it would be presumptuous to express a total disbelief in what is called the supernatural. To doubt is the mark of a higher order of intellect than to dogmatise, and it has been well said that fools have no hesitation in rushing head- long into that sanctuary, the echoes of which angels would fear to disturb with their, soft and silken footsteps. Mrs. Crowe's book is on a subject intensely interesting, and worthy of a more searching and philosophical investigation than it has yet received. Facts like those recorded im her book, and many of which are authenticated in a manner that does not admit of dispute, are surely deserving of every inquiry, whether we ascribe them to natural or supernatural agency. Some of Mrs. Crowe's opinions as to wraiths, warnings and that class of occurrences, appear borne out by the stories related of those who have become clairvoyant. This lady has not perhaps made the most of the materials at her disposal—her ideas and theories may be somewhat crude and confused, but this is not a sufficient reason for treating the whole subject with ridicule ; the facts remain the same, and facts, they say, are " stubborn things." If men of the highest order of mind would deign to investigate it we might soon have a solution of the mystery. But these are speculations that will more appropriately form the subject of some future " pencillings." 