SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. Toe annual general meeting of the members of the South Australian Institute was held ou Friday evening, October 12 at 'he new building. North-terrace. There were present—Mr. L Glyde, M.P., Chairman of the Hoard of Governors; the Very Bev. Dun Parrel!, Mr. J. H. Clark, and Mr. W. W. B. Whitridge, Go vernors; and the Secretary, Mr. Kay. There was a considerable attendance of members, and Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., presided. Minutes of the ia.t general meeting and alas of a recent special meetiog were re-d. corrected, and confirmed. The Chairman then c -lied upon the Secretary, who read the following Kxpobt. ** 1. The ar ticipat ions expressed in the last report prrewted to the members of the South Australian In stitute respecting the completion and occupancy of the new Institute, although not altogether dieappuiuted, have not been fulfilled to the extent which the Hoard of Governors expected; and it is matter of regret to them that on this thiir fourth anniversary the members of the Institute should still have to look to the future for those advantages on the full enjoyment of which the Board had hoped by this time to have congratulated tbetn. " t. It will be remembered that in the last report the Board expressed a hope that the new building would be ready for occupation by tbe following April. This Vope, it is needless to say, has keen disappointed; but circum stances having made it absolutely necessary that the InEtitu'e should be removrd from the rooms which it had so long occupied, the Board were compelled to enter upon the occupation of the new building at tbe very earliest period at which it was passible to do sn. As, however, the rooms were altogether unfurnished, tbe library unprovided with shelves, and the arrange ments for lighting the building incomplete, and as it was evident that some considerable time mu-t e'apse before these deficiencies could be rup plied, tbe Board oonsidered that they would best meet tbe difficulty by fitting up the large room ou tbe first floor of the building as a temporary reading-room and library. It. was with regret that they found them selves compelled, when carrying out this arrangement, to withdrew tbe larger portion of the books fro a circu lation, leaving only 2,000 volumes oi tbe more recent publications for the use of thesubscribersand the public. They trusted, however, that due allowance would be made for the awkward position in which they were placed, being, as they were, entirely dependent on the Government for tbe completion of the variona works referred to; and as tbe Government were unable to do much for their assistance until thercqnirite means had been provided by the Legislature, it can be no matter of surprise that the temporary arrangement previously adverted to ebould still be in existence. "3. Tbe Board have, however, much p'eaeure in stating that great progress has been made cowards the completion of these various matters cf detail. The library is nearly finished, being shelved from floor to citing, and is exoicted to afford accommodated for about iu.100 volumes; in addition to which, room con be provided, when it is needed, for abont 8,uf'0 more, by erecting presses in the middle of iberoom.in the manner customary in la ge lioraries. The requisite furniture for the l hrary and reading rjam has been procured, as also apaitof that which will be necessary for the other rooms. After some unavoidable delay, a contract has b en accepted by the Government for the necessary out buildings ; and tbe Board have made a special request that the retort-bouse, required for the gas apparatus, may be proceeded wiih in the first instance. So soon as tliis is completed, the election of the retorts, gasholder, Ac., will be commenced; and the Board look forward to bring able very shortly to make preliminary arrange men'e for the inangu al soiree, with which they propose 11 open the new Insiitute. "4. Another matter of interest and importance^ closely connected with the subject-ma'ter of the preceding re marks. is that of th: new catalogue. Ij this case, as well a' in others, the promises made in tbe lest report have bein performed, as far as it depended on tlie Board and their officers. Some monthB have elapsed since the principal part of the work involved in the preparation of a new catalogue was completed, with some in considerable rxccptions; ibis included the examina tion, classification, and labelling of every bock in tbe library, and the preoaration of a rough catalogue. Nearly the whole of this has been revised and arranged ready for printing, and the whole cruld have been done bad tuere been ar>y chance of tbe printing being pro ceeded with. This, however, has been prevented by the pressure of publi; business at tbe Government Printing Office. The approaching close of tbe session has to a considerable < x'eat removed this obstruction, and the Government Printer promises to make great d spitch with tbe rema nder of the catalogue. Twenry.four pages, or about oiib-sevLiith of the wholp, are in tjpi, and it is hoped that the catalogue will be ready for pub licaticn in a very few weeks. " 6. It is probable that most of the members of tbe Institute are acquainted with the facts connected with its financial position which were laid before the meeting of members hell September 18. As, ho.vever, this report would be incomplete without some notice of the matters in question, it will be necessary to give a brief summary of them. In the December of lost year the Bo ird drew tbe attention cf tbe Government to the fact tbat provision would have to be made for tbe proper furnishing and G'ting up of the new Institute, 'lo this communication they riceived an answer requesting that a detailed schedule of the fittings, Ac., required, and sn estimate of their probably tod. should he forwarded. This was done, the estimated cost being £1,400. After some little time had elapsed, a letter was race ved from tbe Government, Etaiiugtbat a snmshoulJ be placed en the Kstimatea for the c m p'ctiou and for- ] jiithicg of the Institute, The Board were alto requested 1 t • send in a s lb-estimste of the amoants required as grants in aid of tl.e S-JUth Australian Institute and of the country Institutes far the current year, the grants last year having been £1,009 for the South Australian Irslitnte and £500 for the country Institutes. Unques tiraab'y it would have been highly desirable at the present juncture to have been able to expend a larger sum than usaal on the library and museum, but iu the present depressed state of the colonial finances it did not appear judiraorn to ask more far the South Australian Institute than had been granted in previous yean. For the crnntry Institutes lhe Board asked for £1,000, as they had several objec's in view, the carrying out of which would be highly beneficial ta the country Insti tutes, but for which of coursr they would requhc addition*.] funds. Shortly after the application last re'errcd to, a change of Ministry took place, and it bc ctme necess try tu urge up^n the new Government the importance of itnmcdia'c action b.-ing taken with Tegard t-t tome portions of the furniture and fittings required. Th!s application was promptly responded to.sn 1 no t'me waR lost in contracting for the shelving of the library, and In providing some of the n 'C s nry furnitorr. When the Estimates were laid before Parifamenr, how ever, the Board found, much to tbeir regret and dis lpp tint* meat, that the amounts proposed were far below what they had asked for, and what they conceived to be abso lutely necessar'. Although quite aware that the varions demands upon the Government wonld be greater than cont'd be met by the funds at their disposal, it did appear to the Board that the case of the Sooth Aus tralian Institute was an exceptional one, and that the very largentesofthe amount expended nnon the buldinc only formed ail additions! reason for Bach farther ex penditure as was absolutely necessary to fit that building for the purposes for which it was ereeted. This necessity was the mere pressing, inasmuch as the Board, con fidently relying on receiving the amounts for which they bad applied, had expended or engaged to expend a considerable sum for various purposes connected directly or indirectly with the completion and occupancy of the new building, a large portion of which snm they fully calculated upon receiving back again from the vote for fit iogs, <£e^ or at the worst they expected to be able to supply the amount from the annual grant. When, however, it appeared that the one was £i:o and the other £500 less than was anticipated, all these cal culations were deranged, and it seemed very donbtfal whether any further portion of the building could be opened to the public during the present year — a result which would have been most seriously prejudicial to the Institute. A motion for an increase of the amount proprsed for the annual grant was brought forward in the House of | Assembly by Mr. ST. Blyth in the month of August, bnt was rejected, on a division, by a small majority. This being the case, and careful examination having shown that the probable income of the Institute wonld be wholly insufficient to maintain the establishment; even on the scale on which it had previously been conducted, it was proposed at a meeting of the Biard to close the Institute at suis't, and to adopt such other measures of | economy as were practicable, with the view of bringing the expenditure within the limits of the expected income. Before adopting bo extreme and objectionable a mea sure; however, it appeared to the Board that their best | course would be to call together the members of tae Institute and acquaint them with the facts of the case, so as to elicit from them an expressien of opinion as to the most suitable measures to be adopted in the veiy difficult position in which they were placed. This meeting took place on Taesday, September 19; and after much discos i >n it was eventually decided that a netitinn from the members of the Institute and the public generally should t e presented to the House of | Assembly, prayiog for. an increase of the vote for fittings, &e;„ to an a count suffkient for the ru- pose of completing the furnishing of the tmiiding. and a so o" refunding the sums that had heen expended to the same end by the Board. I' was siio determined that a Committee should be a pointed from amongst the subscribers to ths library for the purpose of obtaiuing aidi i n,l (as criptions. Thanks to the zeal of the gentlemen whs s o readily eime forward to render their aid at this critical juncture, these measures have te:a carried out ener getically, and, the Board are hacpy to add, successfully, la the course of fire days 983 signatures were obtained to the petition, anr! the Committee report that they have obtained 112 new subscribers. The petition was presented to the House of Assembly by Mr. Qlyde, the Chairman of the BoaTd; after which he moved that an additional sum of £101 should be granted for the purposes specified, which was carried without a division. Thns the most pressing difficulty wiii be removed; but it mait not be forgotten t. a. the Board are still seriously restricted in their plans for aiding the Country Institutes, while the income of the central Ins it ite is greatly diminished by the redaction of the annual grant; and tbe Board would therefore urge upon tbe members of the Institute generally that it is highly desirable that they should continue to do all in their power to increase the number of subscribers, snd tbu°, as far as possible, to supply the defie:encv. It is only n .pessary, in quitting this subject, to expre~s the earnest hope of the B ard that next year the Institute grant may be restored to its former amount, and that they may also succeed in obtaining a vote for Country Institutes sufficient to enable them to afford a larger measure of aid to those very valuible Societies than has hitherto been possible. "6. The Committee appointed at the meeting of September in, on cor eluding their labours, forwarded a 1 report to the Board, included in which is a statement of | tbe various complaints and objections which have been made by parties to whom they have applied for subscrip tions and signatures. This document appears to the Board to be of sufficient importance to warrant its introduction in this place, together with such remarks as they have to make on tbe various subjects referred to. j The Board d> not understand the Committee as endors ing the statements in qaestion, bat simply as reporting what they have heard, with the idea that if such com plaints are groundless it is desirable that they should be shown to be so, and if not that their causes should be removed as far as possible. ** The following is the report referred to "'To the Board of Governors of the South An«traii«n Institute. "•Gentlemen—The Committee appointed by the sub scribers to the Institute at the public meeting held on the 18th ultimo have great pleasure in presenting you with a short report, designed to show what euccess has attended their efforts. "'They have endeavoured to the best of their ability to carry out tbe resolution adopted by the meeting, and have the honour to report that by their anited exertions one hundred anl twelve (112) additional names have been added to the subscribers* list. "•At the same time they consider it to be their duty to lay be'ore you the reas ins assigned by those who have never joined the Institute, or of those who, having once joined, have withdrawn from or discontinued the'r sub scriptions, which are as follow "* First. That the constitution of the Institute is ob jecfel to, the subscribers not having a sufficient amount of influence in ite management, and also that the working expenses are too great. •'•Secondly. That books, Ac., are not procured in the colony. " ■ Thirdly. That books cannot be obtained by the sub scribers when required. •"Fourthly. That sufficient publicity has not bsen given fo as to inform the public that the Institute is open daily to non-subsc.ibers. "* Fifthly. That the majority of the new subscribers have become members conditionally upon the continu ance of the soirees, "•Sixthly. That many subscribers complain of not j having been called upon for their sabscripti >ns, and suggest that the appointment of a collector would be produc' ive of much good. "•Seventhly. That several persons have expressed a wish to aid in the formation of a museum. "' Eighthly. That the rules regulating the admission to the soirees have not been strictly enough enforced. "'The Committee roieht add several others, but re frain. trusting that those which have been placed on re cord by them will receive tbe most careful consideration at your hands, so as to advance the interests of the In stitution by every legitimate means, and that yon will be pleased to lay the same before the subscribers at the next annual meeting. "Sigued en behalf of the Committee, "• Aethuu John Bakbr, Chairman. "'South Australian Institute, October 1, I860.' •' The Board desire to offer the following remarks en the foregoing, referring to tbe complaints teria im.-— " ift. The constitution of the South Australian Insti tute is fixed by Act of Parliament, aad cannot b- al'ered except by the same means; but d inbtless any practicable amendments that may be suggested would men witb due consideration. As regards the second part of this complaint, the Board consider that the eu' seribere have no reason to object to the amount of tbe working ex penses, as the following statement will show:— Amount crpepded on library, for book-, newepapeis, and periodicals, also for binding and repairing books, between October, 1658, and Oct-bir, 1880 ... £1,838 18 2 Amount exp.nded on soirees in excess of receipts in same time 180 0 8 £2.017 4 10 Amount received from subscribers in same time ... £1.770 7 6 Leaving; a balance of expenditure over re* ceipts of £246 17 4 all other expenses being defrayed from other sources. The Board have carefully cansidered the possibility of reducing the working expenses of the Ins itute, and are satisfied that it Cannot be done without* in some way diminishing the amount of comfort and convenience afforded to the subscribers aud the public. " 2nd. It is difiliult to understand how any one can have made this ot jection seriously. " fhrough the age«.cy of the Society of ArtB (London), with which the Institute has recently been brought into union, tbe Board are able to procure books as a rate consi derably lover than they c-n be purchased at in tbe colony. A great additional advantage is gained by having the books strongly and cteaply bound, expressly for the Insil ate, in the first ins ance. instead of being bought in common cloth covers, as ordinarily published, t > be immediately taken to pieces for tbe purpose of rebinding. Again, the arrangements which the Board have made for tbe forwarding by ma 1 steam ir of a mxnthly parcel con taining thoBe publications which are most in demand in the gr at circulating libraries at home enable them t o bring each w -rks within reach of the subscribers at as early a pe'riol as they con be obtained by any other means, nevertheless, when any book of considerable in terest has inadvertently been omitted from the mohthly parr el, the Board have always been willing to supply the omission by purchasmg in the colony. "3rd. Tbis is a complaint which is made against all circulating libraries, and is unfonuaateiy one which from tbe very nature of such Institutions it is impossible to avoid. Tbe Board endeavour to mitigate 'he evil by procuring several copies of the more popular works; aud they believe that when the catalogue is published it will be fouud that the camber of works of general interest i t the library is far greater than many sub scribers suppose. "4th. The Btardkave rot overlooked this matter, but consider it unwise to ta :e any especial steps to increase the attexdmce at the reading-room until they hare better accommodation. As soon as the new reading room is ready for occupation, the Board will adopt some means of drawing attention to the advantages ollered by the Institute to the public in general. "6th. Tbe Board bare in another part of this report accounted for the temporary suspension of tbe scirees, and intimated their intention of speedily recommencing them. "6th. The Board will keep this suggestion in view. "7th. The Botri will gladly receive aur assistance towards so desirable an object, aud will increase the amount to be devoted to the foimirion of a museum as soon as possible. "8th. rue Board are not aware that there is the slightest real ground for this statement; many sub scribers are edmitted to the soirees who hare not brought their tickets, because ths librarian is aware that their subscriptions are paid up, aud ladies fre quently accompany one subrcriber while they really enter by virtue of another person's subscription. Ho doubt the admissiou of any pen on without a ticket iB somewhat irregular, but it is very doubtful whether tbe annoyance and dissatisfaction which would be caused by a rigid adherence to the rule would be counterbalanced by any consequent advantage. "Tbe Board have thus fully, and they trust satis factorily, repliid to the etjsctions which have been raised, and only desire to add that they are always anxious to cinsider, and if possible to remedy, any de fects that may be pointed out to them in the working of tbe Instituie. "7. In their last report the Board stated thaf, not knowing what demands might be made upon their lands in con intioa with the removal to tbe new building, they considered that it wool; be judicious to restrict their expenditure on books as much as possible for a time. This course has been adopted daring the past year, and tbo result has proved that it wes a prudent one. As it appears reasonable, however, to anticipa'e that tbe income of the Institute will not again be so crip pled as to compel resort to such a mca.ure, the Board propose to order books a£ regular intervals far the future. It is thereto-e desirable last the subscribers should resume the use of the S £ommendatioii book, tne Board being anxious to c nsclt the wishes of the sub scribers, as far as possible, in purchasing books. "8 vv ith respect to the museum the Buardregret that tl.ty cannot r pan much i»ogr£e£- Ehcy have pri cured from England a£EppJ/pf aracSae .necessary for the pre- < paration of specimens. and they have intimated to the Curator fitr. F. G. Wattrfcoa«e) that thty wish him to commence operations as soon as he caa. The amount which can be devoted to th:a purpose au. present is not large, and the Board fear that the formation of a mosenm will not proceed very rapidly in the first instance; bat they tract that when a commencement is once made, and some degree of public interest excited in the muter! that amount may be increased. They believe that there are many personB in Adelaide and the colony generally who have not subscribed hitherto, ml who might not have thought it worth while to ~'o so for the sate of the library, bat who would gladly assist in the formation of | a museum. Should this hope prove to be well grounded ibey may at the end of nnotte- year have a more satie- I fa"'o-y statement to makeon this ruj jet. j " 9. Only three soirees have b -.en give i during the , a=t y*ar, a disappointment with respact tithe lecture having obliged the Board to ;03-pj i? that which should, in the ordinary course of events, have taken place iu the be ginning of September. This b.ing the ease, itapp-ared advisable not to fix another da'c for the so res until the uneer*a:nty which attended the fu- ure arrangements of the Institute was in som. degree oispeiljd. Having, to a c rtain extent at least, accomplished thi 1 point, the B<ard have determined that another ejiree shall be held as soon as the necessary arrangements era be made; and they trust that it will be announced in the course of a short time. The first soiree took place in December, 1859, when Mr. Giyde read some extracts from Thackeray's poetical works, accompanied by remarks on his life and genius. The Board have again to express their acknow ledgments to the members of the Dentahhn TSoH-rhtM for the noble music with which they enriched this soiree, and trust thst before long they will again give their valuable assistance on a similar occasion. At the soiree in March, 1860, the Rev. C. E. Palmer delivered a lecture ou ' The Latest Ghost Theoryand at that in May, Mr. Francis delivered one on • Comic and Carica ture Drawing," with pictorial illustrations. These soirees were emivened as usual by musical j-erfsrmuic?s. The Board regret that on one or two occasions some parts of the mnsical entertainment, have not been so satisfactory as they could have wished. They will end savour to arrange so that this shall not happen again, even though they should be compelled to increase the amount which they propose to expend on the soirees. *' 10. The only Societies which have as yet been incor porated with the Institute are the Adelaide Philosophical Society and the South Australian Society of Arts. Their operations have, however, been interfered with by the delay in the completion of the building. The Board hope that when these two Societies have been enabled to realize the full advantages of incorporation with the Institute, other Societies will come forward to share in those advantages, and at the same time to strengthen the Institute. It is expected that the annual exhibition of the Society of Arts will be held in the Institute Building in the course of November next, and the Board trust that not long afterwards the Society will be in a position to open their School of Design. " 1L With respect to the delivery of lectures npon cdncatienal subjects and the establishment of classes far the prosecution of various branches of study, it is suffieie it to say that both objects shall receive the attention of the Board so soau as they find themselves in a position to carry them out effectively. It may not, however, be out of place to mention that the Board regard the establishment of a singing-class, or Glee and Madrigal S iciaty, in connection with the in stitute, as very desirable. " 12. The circulation of boxes of books amongst the Country Institutes, referred to in the lost rero.t, has been in full operation during the year. The Board be lieve til it the advantages offend by thi' system arc highly Drizei by the members of the various Insri-.ut- a; the only drawback his consisted in the fact thit the limited number of books at the disposal of the Board his pr. vented them from supplying rll the Country In stitutes regularly. It is expected, however, that in the coarse of the enuring quarter an alditional numbtr of boxes will be put in circulation, wLi'h will do a good deal towards supplying tbe deficiency. Ab ut 293 volumes intended for this pnrpase have been received from England during the list few weeks, and some dnplieat: copies of suitable books can be spared from the Institute library. Tbe Board are enly aware of one new Institute having been formed during the past year—that at Aluiuga, Branches of the Gawler Insti tute have been established at Willaston and Lyndoch Valley. The total number of Country Institutes with which the Board are in communication is 26; of the;e | all bat two or three have received or are desirous of re Ceiling the loan of boxes of books. Thi Board are Very desirous of making arrangements for the delivery of lec tures to the various Country Institutes npon a species of itinerating principle, being aware that good and attrac [ tive lectures arc what Instbutes generally find most necessary and yet most difiicalt to obtain. With this j object in view, they have procured from E glind some sets of diagrams, intended to illustrate popuiar lectures. It would be desirable also to obtain some apparatus I adapted for tbe illustration of the leading facts in che mistry, electricity, magnetism, Ac., Ac. The want of I funds available for sneh purposes, ho vever, has compelled the Board to dtCir the execution of this design for thi present. "13. The statistics of tbe South Australian Institute fer the year 1869-6J do not exhibit so decided an im provement on those ot the previous year as could have been wished; they have, however, been affected to a [ considerable extent by several disturbing causes extra neons to the ordinary working of the Institute, which are not likely to recur. These are the shutting up of a large portion of the library for nearly tbree months, the omission of the usual soiree in September— which has caused a ccn iderabie amount or subscriptions to remain in a [Tear which would otherwise have been paid up—and, finally, the generally depressed state of business. Tbe total number of volumes circulated daring the past year was 31,121. Toe number of volumes added to the library during tbe last year was 831, which gives a total number at the present time of 8,187. Tuese boots were received as follows:—Shipments per Orient. 82 vols.; ditto per P-cebe Dunbar, 88 ditto; ditto per Indus, 269 ditto; books received in monthly parcels per overland map, 210 ditto; magazines. bound, and books purchased in the colony, 173 ditto. In ad dition to th: above, a complete set of the Specifications of Patents granted in England from tbe reign of James L to the end of 1S69, presented by the Home Government to tbe South Aus tralian Government, has been deposited in the Institute library. This collection is very vulusainour, extending to 718 volumes. It is accompanied by elaborate indices, and forms a valuable bodyof informat on on almost every subject to which the ingenuity of Englishmen has been directed for the last tyro centuries. These b ooks camot be allowed to have the library, both on account of the way in which they came into the custody of the Insti tute and of the immense number of plans and drawings with which they are crowded, and which are very liable to i'-jary. Every facility, however, consistent with safe custody will be afforded to persons wishing to com u it them. The number of new quarterly subscribers re ceived during the year is 175. and of annual subscribers 62; making a total of 227. The actual number of sub scribers at the enl of the Institute year, as far as could be ascertained, was 615, of whom 212 are qualified to vote this evening. Tne total number of persons who have made written application during the year to be allowed to frequent the reading-room is 498. It must be remarked, with reference to the above figures, that only a very small number of the new subscriptions obtained by the Canvassing Committee we-e received nrior to tbe JOth Santeaber. "J 4. Under the previsions of the Acts by wh:ch the Institute is constituted, the Hon. S. Davenport, M.L.O., retired firom the Board of Governors on the let insr.., he having been present at a smaller rnmbir or Board meetings than either of the other appointed Gove.nore, and the vacancy has not yet been filled up. John Howard Clark, Esq., who was elected at the last annual meeting by the subscribers to the Library, as their representative at the Board, retires this evening, but is eligible for re-election. B. H. Babbage and W. W, B. Whitridge, Esqre, were elected last year by the Philo sophical Society and the South Australian Soeie'.y of Arte, respectively, as their representatives at the Foard; their term of office expires daring the present month, and the Societies in question have been called upon to fill np the vacancies prior to the end of the mouth. " 15. With reference to the statement of receipts and expenditure, attached to this report, the Board are de sirous of drawing the especial attention of the sub scribers to one item—that entitled ' Bepairing B loks ;' and it may be as well to afford some explanation of the meaning of this term. Most of the books purchased in the colony are i nly covered with cloth; and of course soon require to be properly bound. Periodicals also, as they accumulate into volume*, require binding. The cost of (his for the past year is charged under the head * Binding.* The books so bound ought, with proper care on the part of the readers, to last for a long time. Un fortunately, however, they too frequently do not receive the careful tieitm nt to which they are entitled; the consequence of which is that during tha past year a heavy expense has been incurred in rebinding books, the necessity for which has been caused in many cases by sheer carelcssucss. The cost of rebinding is headed * Bepairing.' Tnc total amount of this item (including some accounts not yet received) during the last year has been about £65. Tne Beard trust that this branch of expenditure will in futnre years te more moderate in amount, For every three volumes rebound In the colony at least one new book could be added to the library. Three cases in particular of wilful damage of a very dis graceful kind have come under the notice of the officers of the Institute during the past year—ia one case, re marks of a very gross character were written on the margin of a book; in the other two, several leaves were cat out of books of considerable value. Unfortunately, in neither case vai it possible to obtain any cine to the offender. One cf the volumes so injured belonged to the new edition of the * Encytlorm iia Britauuiea;* t.-e olj :et of the thief apparently having been to ob'siu the treatise on ' B,o .keeping,' as thai article was completely removed. Fie til copies of the injured sheets have been obtained from England, so that the volume can he restored to its orig nal state. Considering that it was absolutely necessary td cheek such practi cs at once, the Board offered a reward of £.0 for the dis covery of the offender, but they regret to say without any result, excepting, doubtless, that of diminishing the chance of a repetition of the offence. "16. The item' Binding'has been swelled this year, partly by the fact that a considerable number of volumes t f magaznen and reviews, which had accumulated during the last two or three years, have been r centiy bound; and partly in consequence of the binding of a set of South Australian newspapers. This set extends from the foundation of the coicny to the present time, with the exception of the years 1839 to 1811 inclusive; the other years are tolerably perfect, the last five or six quite so. As it is very desirable that an unbroken record of the public i vents of the colony should be preserved in a form and plaoe suitable for reference, the Board hope that some one who may happen to possess a copy of any South Australian newspaper for the years mentioned above will euab'e them to complete the set. A set of the Earning Nail, from the year 1819 to the present time, has also barn bound. This paper, containing the more interesting portion of the Times,affords a valuable record of social and political progress in the mother-country. " 17. The following is a statement ef the receipts and expenditure of the Institute lor the past year :— Dr.—Sept. ?0,1359. To cash in hand £13 2 Balance in Baofc ... 451 18 Sep i. 30,1860 Her Majesty's Government—Grant for three quarters to June 3) 750 0 0 * Annual subscriptions and fees 113 15 0 * Q larterly subscriptions and fees 332 17 Country circulation accennt (balance of vote in aid of country Institutes, re ceived from Treasury) 33 18 II Fines and miscellaneous receipts 4 11 11 Interest (Bank of South Australia) ... 6 17 10 Soire -. account (proceeds of three soirees) 37 0 0 South Australian Library and Mechanics* lustitute (old balance received f.otn Bank ol South Australia) 5 4 £1,7 >1 6 5 * The soiree which should have taken place In Sep tember having been unavoidably deferred, the subscrip tions have fallen somewhat into arrear. Cr.—Sept. 30, I860. By Library aecoui t (paid for baoks, &c.;) ... £12 6 4 Furniture and fittings account 20) 8 8 Binding account (binding books) 85 15 6 * Bepairing account (rebinding bocks) ... 42 18 Soiree account—Expenses of three soirees 83 2 Country circulation account—Paid for boxes, Ac. 31 4 2 Apparatus account ... 17 0 t Smith, Elder, & Co, remitted to them for purchase cf books, apparatus, books for csuutry circulation, tut. 403 0 _ Salaries 437 14 8 t Bent and insurance ... . 173 6 0 Lighting and firing ... 60 13 11 CLaning 10 6 1 Advertisements and printing 10 10 8 Po.tage and stationery ... 15 0 Sundiy incidental expenses, inelnding cost of removal to new Institute, temporary shelving in new Institute, Ac. Ac. ... 48 9 8 Cash in hand 13 2 1 Balance in Bank of South Australia ... 114 13 8 £ .751 6 5 * Accounts not yet received, and books still in tte lin'er's hands nil1- incrose this amount by £11 or £15. t 'his amount ie all absorbed, and a further re cit tance will have to be made shortly. J This amount is larger than usual on account of increased rent having been paid to avoid the necessity of leaving the old Institute before the new one was ready. "18. The Board cannot conclude this report without warmly congratulating the subscribers and the com munity generally on the beaatiul and commodious building winch the Legislature has provided for them. That c'rcumstances a'togetfcer unavoidable have in some degree marred the satisfaction with which they would otherwise have entered upon its occupation is to be regretted; at the ssmi time the B oard are satisGed that the Institute must ultimately profit by any events which tend to bring its claims more closely home to the people at large. However this may be, the Board trust that these difficulties ani discouragements now belon; to the past, and that the future wilt '-e distinguished by the full development and enjoyment of the virions social and intellectual advantages which the I st-itntc, in its now home, is capable of con'eninr. " Laviugtoit Glyde, Chairman. " Rom. Kit. Secretary. "South Australian Institute, October 12,1830." Air. G. Frakcis moved the adoption of the report. Air. Shaw said the Committee in canvassing met several eomplamts as to the non-completion of the catalogue. He thought it would have been better to have entrusted the printing of it to a private tradesman than to the Government Printer. Had that been done it wouid have been ready by that time. The CaArsatAT said upon enquiry it was ascertained that they could get the catalogue printed hr the Govern ment Printer for about £35 less than by auy other printer in town, and the Governors considered that they were jnsti&ed; in saving that amount t> the Institute. fAnclaase.) Mr. Cawtboekb oVjce'ed te a record appearing in the report of the disparity between the nominal number of members and the namber actually entitled to TOte that evening. He moved that the passage be strncX out. The Chaibit ait called attention to the language of the Act, which required a member to have been such for sir months before he could be entitled to vote. Mr. T. Huts supported Mr. Cawthorne's resolution. Mr. J. E. Ci.abk said the Governors desired to place as much information before the members as possible, but they had no objection to expnnge that passage if (he meeting wished it. He thonvht there could be no difficulty in perc living the po icy of the prevision in the Act Tend by the Chairman. It would be possible, were it not for that prectutioD, for a wealthy individual, by paying for the admission of a certain number of persons, to carry any question as he pleased. (Hear, hear.) Mr. E. M. Mab'IW thought the passage should stand SB evidence to the public of the great start forward that had been taken by the Institute lately. Mr. Holmhs complained that the provision of the Act referred to had not for the information of members j been included ia the rules. If the constitution of the Institute could not be altered, be did not know what position they were placed in, or who could vote that evening. Mr. WsrrainOE reminded Mr. Hollins that tbo rnles for governing the Instltnte could, as stated in the report, be altered by Act of Parliament. (Hear, bear). Mr. Cawthohse said tbe statement he objected to was rot made in former reror.s. The CnaiBitur read from the reports of tbe last and previous y ars similar statements. (Applause.) M". Cullev said he had advised persons reluctant to j iin tbe Iostitn'e to pay their 6absc~iptions and make taeir complaints at the general meciing, jo as to eff ct such changes sb they d-Bired. It they were not al'owcd to vote that evening te was afraid his advice ccnld not be ae*ed on. (H'ar, bear.l Mr. Bubqait said hi had not paid his subscription for tbe last two qnavters. and if not allowed to vote that evening he would bi greatly dieapp tinted. Tbe CHtiBnair said Mr. Birga i could not vote unless he paid up bis arrears, but the Secretary wou'd be happy to take bis men' y. (A lau tb.) Mr. J. H. Class said Mr. Borgan's remarks proved how valuable the suggestion was of appointing a col lector. Mr. Shaw said be and.taebelieved,many others would not have subscribed had it been known that they could not vote that evening. Dean Fabbbll said he was convinced a very small proportion of tbe gentlemen who had joined the In stitute did so with a new of voting that evening for a Governor. , , „ Mr. J. Davis thought the question had D'er suffi ciently ventilated. In fu'ure the advertisement, to pre vent disappointment, should describe the class of mem bers < niitled to vote. Mr. L Strumas said the discussion had gone from the point. He thought the pmarge objected to by Mr. Caw:horne should bi retained ia the report. Tne amendment was negatived, nud it was resolved to adopt the report as it had been read. Mr. J. Davis thought the Governors should apply to popular performers, when such were in Adelaide, to give the benefit of their talents, on special occasions, to the Institute. (Hear, hear.) I The Dean said he had seen popular performers lately attract such audiences as did net pay the expense of the roam the/ exhibited in. The Governors could not risk in that manner a loss of the little money they had to dispose o'. (Applause.) The Chaieka.it said, in reply to a quistien, that ne wis afraid the catalogue eoald not be furnished gratis, but the smallest possible sum should be charged dor it. He added that it was iatended to give a soiree during the present month, and that Hcrr Kohler had been engaged to conduct the musical entertainment. (Appians •-) Mr. HolUvs suggested that the Institute should be made more popular by frequent reunions, scientific lectures, and the establi.hment of evening classes at re duced subscriptions. ... Tbe Daaw suggested that tbe last speaker should move for a Ommittee to consider what alterations ehou'd be effected in the Act of Incorporation, for without that they were precluded from accepting emal:er * ascriptions than 6s per quarter. Mr. Holuots moved, and Mr. Whiting seconded, the appointment of a Committee tocojsider and report oa advisable amendments in the Act of Incorporation. Mr. J. H. Clahk thought they could establish classes ou terms as suggested,, although they could not admit persona as full members of the Institute except on pay ment of the prescribed subscription. The Chairman, in reply to Mr. Shaw, said the accounts of the luetltutc were strictly examined by the Auditor-General, and that he hoped the Governors would bs soon able to effect the work of collecting without any addition to the working expenses. Mr. Payne hoped that the officer of the Institute upon whom the collecting would h® devolved should be allowed a commission to inciie earn3stn?ss in that ia« portaut work. (Applause.) Mr. Cawtbornb moved as an amendment that a Standing Committee of six fe3 appointed to co-ops rate with the Governors in the management of the Institute. Mr. Francis thought tkat suggestion involved an alteration of the management prescribed by the Act. T. Hills did not see why the subscribers to the library should not hive a Managing Committee as well as tbe other affiliated Societies. As the Committee could only suggest matters, thty could not influence by vote the dec sionB of the Board of Governors, lie moved that the Committee should ennswtof twelve members, Mr. A, J. Bakes seconded Mr. Hills's motion. Mr Mbllos hoped that Mr. Hollies'* suggestion as to the establishment of classes would be carried out. He would be willing to pay half the subscription for the boys if the amount could not be reduced, and to reward ia addition the lads who made the most progress. He moved-— ** That a working Committee be appointed to aid in obtaining sabeeriptioap, and to confer with the Gover nors representing the subscribers, such Committee to be appointed annually." Mr. Hollihs thought tfee other Societies, such as the Society of Ar*s, should be represented in the Committee. He consented to withdraw his proposal ia favour of Mr. Mellows amendment. . . , A. H-. J. H. Cube thought Mr. Mellor's resolution would answer the ot j ict ia view without infringing, as the others would, on the provisions of, the Act. Mr. Cawthorne's language, " to co-operate with the Board,/ might be construed " to take part in the management; ■ but as Mr. Ciwthorne disavowed that meaning Mr. Melloi's resolution would answer the purpose, while it was cot so liable to misinterpretation. a Mr. Whitecdgs sugg-sted that every affiliated So ciety might as fanly claim a right to nominate a Com mittee to ass'st ths Board of Governors as the subscribers to the library; and th<?n, with 3d assistants, he was afraid they would realize the adage of " Too many co ike." In reply to a question, he said the Philosophical Society had a Committee to manage their own afFtira. , Mr. T. Hills said that was what the subscribers to the library desired. . i The Dbay remarked that it would be scarcely fan to j the 21» members entitled to vote for that meeting to | carry that resolution without giving the majority a I chance to Vvtj upon it. i Mr. E. M. Martin moved that tbe question be post | posed, and that due notice be given of a special meeting lor its decision. The motion for postponement was earned. Mr. Whitridgb suggested, with a view to increase the interest of the proposed soiree, that this Committee question should be then discussed during the intervals in the music. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Payne stated that he had met with many objec ! tiona to t re half-crown entrance-fee. Mr. J. H. Clare said that rule cjuid only be altered by placing an amended rule before Parliament for six months, and by consent of UiB Excellency. The 1Iran observed that that was a very fit question to refer to the proposed Committee. Toe Chaibsiin declared the general mesting post poned, and fa d it was next for the subscribers_ to the library qua'-ifiei to vote to proceed with the election o « Governor. . ,r Mr. J. H. Clark and Mr. Mellor were proposed. Mr. Clark was re-elected by a large majority. ^ Mr. J. H. Clauk aaeurea the subscribers that ne would continue to use his best exertions to carry out their wishes. . .. A vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to the Chairman, and the business of the evening terminated. The Railways.—The following is an ab stract of tlie returns for the week endinif October 6 I860—Port Line—Passengers, 4.2«2; receipts, £197 6s. 3d' goods. 2,523£ tons; recipe, £163 4s. 4L; total j receipts Port line, £36510s. 7d. North Line—Paseengei b I 229; receipts, £29? 4s. 8d.; goods, 2,011 tons; re eipta, £1,096 lOf. 7d,; total receipts. North line, £1,363 16s. 3d. General totti, £1,729 6s. lod. A Russian Man-of-Wab.—On reaching the deck our first impression (as when we saw the Russian sailors ashore} is, bow like to our own ships! The decks are beautifully clean, the ropes neat, the woodwork polished. The guns are not of the Mersey calibre, but they are of the average 6ize. with per cussion locks, &c;, just like ours, and with boarding pikes, tomahawks, and so on, banging up near them, iu the orthodox manner. Look aloft, the yards are an neatly squared; look along the bulwarks, ani ham mocks are as compactly stowed as in an ordinary English man-of-war. You miss the marines, but there is a s?ainan armed with a musket doing sentry at the i gangway instead. The officers don't look like aoidiers (our ancient impression, somewha". borne out by tbe Kussian brigs we used to see in the Levant), but rea sonably nautical. The men we have seen before; but they look *' at home" between decks, and we scan them still more closely. Ugly fellows, but bi<—bar ring a Scandinavian here and there, with an eye as blue as the sea, the natural home of his race. Tartar feces in the crowd recall the desert and the tent; and one man i* poiuted out to us as a Mohammedan. The Finns are in ships by themselves; for that strange antique people (foes long ago of the Scandinavian vikings) has its own. character, traditions, aodj>uper stitions, and is best managed on M nationality" prin ciples. Passing round the decks, we notice the aosenc j of m.'ss-iables, for the crew eat out of a kmi of tup. after the fashion of a picnic. Tlieir drink is" ruraj" a* with ourselves Nor is their discipline dissimilar. The punishment is flagging—formal, sometimes, as in English men-of-war; but casual also, the agency in such case being a rope's end. This last has exploded in our service, though not in the American. There is, however, this important difference between an English and & Russian crew. The English one is paid ** off.** and goes where it likes. The Russian one goes to its barracks and its villages, but in either case can be recalled at the pleasure of the Government. The most original looking figure in a Russian man-of-war is the functionary answering to our chaplain—a monk. The priests of the national church being Harried, it is found more convenient to " draw'1 a holy man from a monastery and send him on board. He wears a bearskiu cap, a beard, a long velvet gown, and top-boots, and looks strange among the swarthy sailors. Morning and night toe men assemble for prayers on the upper decks, in long lines, and a pic turesque sight it is. Off go all hats. The monk prays rapidly and fervently, the men biwing and crossing themselves eagerly at intervals. On Sundays you may hear the hymn sounding from the main- decks, and see a real look of devotion on the swarthy faces as they join. At Easter the c*ptiin kisse> the crew all round, in token of Christian amity.—All the Terr hSVLUil, 