METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpcol Albion.) London, Saturduj Evening, April 7. EvEBTBûDY- being out of town, town hasn't been half so full these nine months. People seem delighted to have got rid of parliament ; and if parliament be a tenth part as patriotic as it is eternally telling us, it must be delighted to get rid of itself. As for the happy family called the cabinet, their thoughts are turned towards the Isthmus of Suez ; not on account of the political significance of that geographical ex- pression, but because it recalls the Bed Sea, at the bottom whereof each one of the sixteen cordially wishes the other, and all wish Finality, who is fast making an end of the whole of them. He is off to Pembroke Lodge, and that he shouldn't lodge there much . longer is understood to be the unmistakable wish of the royal landlady who has allowed him that domicile rent free these seven years because ho once helped her out of the Bama Vin* wk»«l», willy very mUCb hotter, he is now plunging her. Persigny is said to have gone off with a flea in his ear the size of a camel-leopard, and to have threatened never to come back again unless the British Secretary of State be a person who will talk civil English, however unable to discourse other than the " Frénch of Stratford at Bowe," and very little of that. Lord John, satisfied as long as he makos, or causes to be made, a rumpus of some sort or other, is content to hold the linch-pinin his hand, ready to pull it out, and upset the coach in a twinkling-a philanthropic intention which bis colleagues keenly appreci ate. How far such appreciation is shared by his fellow-amateuxing diplomatist, Gobden, it. is difficult to conjecture ; but it would have been worth tbe koh-i-noor to see the pair at the interview at the Foreign office, the other day, Milner Gibson accom- panying the Leaguer. If two Boman augurs could never meet in tbs street without bursting into laughter in each other's face, knowing what thorough humbugs they were, it may be assumod that the instant Richard and John cast eyes on each other they commenced blub- bering, feeling how consummately diddled they have been by their exemplary friend, L.NJ3. Whether Gibson who has infinite relish for humour, (at least be ought, if Lavater be not a special impostar,) took a lachrymose or a lu- dicrous view of the exhibition, there is no say- ing ; but if he did'nt go off into oachinnatory convulsions, the College of Surgeons ought, to memorialise) hinr for;permission to maka a post mortem, in order ta discover by what po cnliarity of organisation he was enabled V control his risible muscles under such sur prisingly titillating circumstances. The transparency about the French treaty being a safeguard of peace, is becoming' st obvious to all eyes, that hardly a word is bean now in the strain that resounded on every sidi a few days ago. There is a lumbering doc trinaire defence of the budget in the first artich of the Edinburgh, out to-day ; but, with tort] Gladstonian incongruity that must make ever Cornwall Lewis smile, and that's no joke, thc final article of the number completely demo lishes the initial one, shewing that Bonaparte will be Bonaparte to the end of the chapter, a¡ surely as the cat metamorphosed into a princes; proved a thorough . bred grimalkin the firsi mouse that came within reach of her feline anc felonious claw. As for Overstone, he and Economist Wilson's consanguineous penman, Badgeholt, are coming out with slashing articles that must canse envious perturbation in the Gall phobiae spirit of Rigby, who so long monopo< lised the privilege of howling about the French revolution. Gladstone is off to Brighton, where his musings " by the sad sea waves" thal ebb and flow beneath the Chain Pier must pul poignant thoughts of the fickleness of public favour in his pensive pericranium, for he pro- mises to bo one of the most unpopular men in her Majesty's dominions ere 1860 ia over. More and more apparent is it every day that the First Minister is the life and soul of the " appendages," and however they dislike his I inscrutability of purpose, they mu3t wish' for their own sakes that he may come back from Broadlands in as vigorous condition as he has I gone there and belter could not woll be. The Palmerstmian hygiene is becoming a matter of as much curiosity as was Wellington 's for the last ten years of t'té F. M.'s lifo, only "how he eat, how he Jiank, how he slept, how he snored," is not yet noted down by such large numbers of «' Boswells so small " as chronicled the minutiao of his Grace. If the Duke was iron, the Viscount is certainly Toledo or Damascus steel, with a spring in it that brings thc rapier's point to the hilt without flaw or fracture. Just think of the "horrible and heartrending " half-a-d .zen years -ago. Aberdeen, astounded at. the reproach of being rather elderly when only in the heyday of seventy, and when tho Juvenile Whig, his former jackal in Holy Alliance diabolism, was called vigorous, and elastic, and buoyant, and all that, exclaimed before Tear'em's Balaklava Committee, " Why he's within a couple of months of my own a<»e ; here's his letter re- fus ing tho Foreign- office because its tot» much for him, and taking tho Home ns moro suited to his time of life and enfeebled powers." Art fulest of dodgers. Victor in the Isthmian Game of game-making I It was another case of Caffarelli, who, while a cardinal, pretended to have one leg in the grave, and to be dying to put in the other, but was no sooner made Pope than he threw a summerset like a bounding Bologna ball, of the order of Trappe, and knocked his bewildered brother eminences over like nine-pins. Tho six years have fled. Po )r Aberdeen is on tho eve of joining his imperial *' friend of former years," where " the wicked cease from troubling and the weary aro at rest;" for it is tobe hopod thut Nicholas is posthumously indifferent to the coal duties, which would fire him with ardent approbation were his spirit in the flesh; and to see tho thing done. by the Comic Old Gentlomun calling himself " a truly British minister " pri- mest joke of all ! And how wags this iniqui- tous world with the disbeliever in original sin? Why as paradisaically as did'Eden with Adana ere the first man knew the difference between a figleaf and a Moses' peg-top. When Finality, by direction of V.R., kicked him out in '53, for " setting aBtde the crown, and put- ting himself in place of the crown," in refe- rence to the surreptitious recognition of the coup d'etat, doctoring despatches contrary to Queen's orders, and other Tower Hill business, thoo'd stag of ten verily looked like a stricken deer, and the whole herd of former fawners fled from him. It was then said it was all up with him, that he couldn't hold out six months. But those fow, and the readers of this Gossip ought to be acquainted with one, who knew " the inevitable man," as Thiers long ago called him, said " there's ten years' work for him to do, and he'll do it." Crimean wars of credulity and connivance, grensed-oartridged mutinies, Bernard conspiracy bills, Compiègne picnics, detonating peace-treaties, Cracowizing of Savoy, and tumbling the House of Commons out of windows three times, with a fourth now impending, were all as much undreamt of as whether his sacred cannibalistic majesty, Hoky Poky, will have boiled babbies or roast grand- mothers for dinner to-morrow. Eight of the prescribed decade have rolled away; but in- stead of P. appearing.to have only two years to totter along the crazy plank that divides three score and six from eternity, he looks as if he meant to trip with his customary fantasticality, and airiness over the next two dozen years. Just let us illustrate this a minute. ' Heroes have been sketched before now in dif- ferent attitudes, more or less picturesque ; some sublime, some the other thing ; some in their nightcaps, some in their pantaloons, some without; some neither with nor without, * like Suvarroflf, at Ismail, of whose unmentionables consequently particular mention had' to bn mude, aa tn ey were conspicuous. from their absence. Some have been delineated in " gilded saloons," eating or spouting, as the case might be, or making spoons of themselves by means of their own calves' heads, talking soft nonsense to the feminine Bull. But did novelist ever present his,hero unless he hap- pened to be a milksop, taking tea? Never. Be ours the unique role pf gentleman usher to in- augurate the phenomenon. Place, House of Commons ; hour, nine . o'clock. " Wisby is down, Washy is up," as that indescribable des- criber, talker of three volumes in three words each, Judean Benjamin, has it. At last Washy dribbles out the last drop of his drivel, and Speaker Denison, who has for some time been in that state of preliminary preturbation the young bears at the Zoological manifest at sight of penny buns in infantile digits, calls upon Smith, Brown, Jones, or Robinson, and whisks out of the chair the moment that indi- vidual' gets up in his seat. Much at tho same time, and generally within five minutes or so of the same time always, Tiverton, who has for four and a-half hours been as.firm to. his seat as an oyster to a rock, stretches his ever- gloved fingers to the uttermost, lifts up his ever-hatted head from his ever- coated double-breast chest, walks into the lobby, and thence to the tea- room. Here he sits down, quite promiscuously, as Mr. Hobson says, anywhere, it doesn't mat- ter where, on the first vacant chair, and at the first vacant table he comes to; though it by no means follows that the chair and table are in- variably in as convenient propinquity as the j mistress of a well-regulated household wool prescribe. Generally the nights are sulti in these gas-lighted bot-aired Gold worihy Gurney tied latitudes; and if there be window open Palmerston is sure to get prett near it, although it does open on the Tbamei and although aroma of decomposed tum cat and tincture of dilapidated donkeys-essene of assafcattda indeed-isn't as grateful in th nostrils as one could wish. Perhaps he lias'rj been seated a minute or two, talking uncoi cernedly about things in general to whomsc ever may be at his elbow, whig, tory, radica' chartist, ultramontane, Exeter-ballite, it sign' fies noe, all flats are fish that come to his nei when in strides mayhap from the smoke-roue a piping hot Irishman, and calls for " tay. Pat, in his own country, would follow j ucl snipe for a winter week in a bog withou sneezing, or taking any sort of cold unies peradventure he should fall asleep in a fiel and forget to shut the gato, when, accordin to Dr. Joe Miller, rheumatism is inevitabh But here the delicate Murphy is as thin skinne as a new potato; and with a balf-smothere screech, he bangs to the opening sash as '. there were a bailiff with a writ or tailor with bill outside ; gulps his fluid at á red-hot whisk} punch temperature, like a salamander, 'onl salamanders don't drink that" sort of beverage at toast they used nat, and stalks out nguiu. No sooner is he gone than Pam coolly rises and lets in the external atmosphere ; at th same time ventilating his opinion of the fojl some people make of themselves in trying v produce asphyxia by smothering. By titi time his own tea is ' forthcoming ; and munching a French loaf with teeth (his own not Cartwright's) that would mustica?* the Atlantic cable (if they eat his own wordi what would they not get through?), heprooeedi to absorb the deuoc'.ion of the weed that cheer! but not iuébria'.es. Perhaps it requires milk nobody ever says cream in "London, for th< rather conclusive reason that there is nore) - And perhaps tho milk-cwcr has absconded, ot somebody with it. In no way disconcerted, lt« doesn't call to tho neat-handed Phyllis permit buluting the up.tvvment, but t".kus up his cuj. and saucer, walks to the end of thc room, mi turns tho tap of tho store can, just as C'tncinim tus, or other Civis Rom mus in hts once Sabine dairy-farm might do, only that Bouchong twankay, or orango pekoe wasn't exactly in vogue in the days of S.P.Q.U. Well, having pul the milk in, he resumes i.ia seat, und presently proceeds to fill out another cup. Lo, the water runs short ! Opening tho lid ol tho pot, he looks in, perhaps thinking of Yeh tho while ; and, swift as an Arrow, menning u lorcha, sails over to tho firc-pliicp, and from off tho hob procures the scalding element, and ro- turas cozily to conclude his meal. Now there's a pioture for you, umhought of in Maclise's Spirit of Chivalry, and that would paralyse all the Pra-Ruphnelites with the mero thought of portraying such a tableau vivant- Palmor.ston with a Britannia metal in ono hand, a cambric pocket handkerchief (duty free, ot course) in the other, and his mouth full of bread and nutter t Fancy Henry John Temple, Premier of England, Knight of tho Gnrter, cousin of no end of Plan tagenets, Elder Brother of tho Trinity, atpp-father to Lord Shaftesbury, hoir-at-law to Loofrio and Lady Godiva of Coventry, and guardian of tho British Hon ; fancy this tremendous puissance, whom foreigners used to call " Tho Lord Pre- serve Us! * (they don't call him that now), thus walking about a crowded room just ag dexter- ously as if he were a s to ward on board a Cunard line, coolly steering among legs acid arms, pokers and tongs, waiting-maids, lords ol the Treasury, and miscellaneous wild fowl, without spectacles,-not the fowl, but the fowler. Ghost of the Black Prince, shade of Hotspur, spirit of Chatham, and oh, body of the living Jenkins 1 can this be possible? Fact! What will the gents and gentesses throughout the realms of snobdom say ? They'll never believe it 5 they can't, they won't; they won't try; it is too terrible to be true, as the gamblers say in the Young Duke, when they hear that his pigeoned araao is actually eating cold pie, off the sideboard, like an'ordinary human being, it seeming incre- dible to the harpies that peoplo of rank could ever experience so vulgar an emotion as hunger, or, if thoy did, could ever appease it except with something or othor at JES a mouthful. Looking at Pukington's crimson badge, and the utter worthlessness of a thing of worth when undeserved, one is disposed rather to re gard it as a providential gibbeting of folly and derisive chastisement of conceit, than as an undue exaltation of mediocrity. The Bath so bestowed is likely to become a positive punish- ment, just as the order of the Guelph was looked upon in certain quarters during tho late reign. A story is told illustrative of this point that will bear repeating. William IV. having once made a ¡Hanoverian Knight of somebody or other, who had long been intriguing and pos- turing fur some such dignity, met his son, the late Adolphus Fitzclarence, commonly called Dolly Fitzclarence, even by his regal papa, just after the investiture, and said, " Well, Doll, roy boy, I have given that cursed --the Guelph.*! " Serve him right, father ! .' cried the royal imp of fame, oblivious of the chivalresque ante- cedents of the Houso of Brunswick, and regard- ing his progenitor with much tho :same patro- nising approval as did the junior Weller when he found that the senior Samuel had nearly anni- hilated the Shepherd Stiggins. In reference to ribbons, the amiable " round robin" writers of the Bouverie breed, who ex- pelled Lord John after the Vienna business, (now being paralleled in the affected surprise about Savoy,) are circulating a tale that he wants a blue one, and is in high dud- geon baaanse he can't get it, although there is no regular vacancy, and some half-dozoD pro- mises. One of the latter, long sto«<iing, and from several Oubinets, is said to be to St wilford de Redcliffe, who of all men most deserves it ; though, considering the sort of courage that is now so rewarded, perhaps it might be more appropriately bestowed on his Lordship's suc- cessor at St. Petersburg, Sir John Crampton, who crimped recruits in America, and got drummed out of Columbia, happy land, to tho tune of. Yankee Doodle, played fortissimo and con spirito. Why should Crampton get the gamer? For marrying the daughter of the Maid of Artois, Miss Balfe, a match that must be a capital one for her j because, al- though he is S3, and she about a third thereof, he has a paradise in Wicklow, of which she may be the Peri, and may warble all day long " There's not in this wide world a -valley so sweet," while looking at the " Meeting of the.Waters" from the window of her two pair back. That and the prospect of a sub- stantial jointure should lend enchantment to the matrimonial view of the young soprano ; and no doubt it does ; and to whom in her pro- fessional place wouldn't it? By fur the most fortunato, so far as sterling fortune goes, and a great many other things went with it too, of all these enriched or en- nobled stage favourites, was, and is, the Jong time belle of all ballets, unparagoned tripper on the lightest of all fantastic toes, though anything but an aerial "sylph, for she was nearly as substantial as Albon!, namely the once superb and ' still sumptuous Yolande Marie Louisa Duvernay, wife, and now ' widow, of the late millionaire Lyne' Stephens, who has jost left her the trifle of JESOO.000, besides making her sole cxccutr x to twice as much ready money, and uncontrolled mistress of castles in the country, cottages ornee in tho suburbs, cha- teaux en Espagne, (her native land,) shooting boxes here, fishiug ditto there, and hunting ibid everywhere else. Duvernay was indeed a divinity of dance ; but her gait rather than her skips, hops, or jumps, which she eschewed, disclosed the goddess-incessu pat nit Did:-a very Venus, but by no means au Anatomical Venus, which the Taglionified Terpsichorean try to be, going through developments of sinews, tendons, muscles, and other miscellanies, in a manner that would doubtless be instructive on. tho dissecting table of Guy's and, pretty Guys they make of themselves by cutting chirurgical capers on other boards. Not so Duvernay. Her walk was as full of m nj est jr and gr,ico as Juno's, at least as Madame Jupiter's is said to have been ; and it is easy to understand that D. should havo walked off with the heart j of a captivated capitalist, himself in the golden i prime of life and equally open handed as un* ostentatious. It was a fire-match in the bpgin I ning, like Miss 0|Noill's with Sir Wrixon i Beecher ; and, unlike most of these unequal ! union?, so remained, after many years, to the close, as we see by the uxorious disposition of his vast property. There heit g no issue of the marriage, these estates puss at her, death to the children of his uncles. Ono of theso was a clergy m nn of tho Church of Fngland; but S ephens himself was of the religion,of his wile, a Ramm Catholic, and was a' constant attendant ut the service of tho Convent of the Sacro Cour, Koehampton, a few miles from London, u Princess of the house of Napoleon being the ludy uh boss, and presenting a wonder- ful luiMul likenuss to tho statuesque head of the family. Not the present ghoul-viaugod hoad, of course, who hasn't a drop of Bonaparte blood in him, and is nomorenephew of Uncle Nap than of Nebuchadnezzar. Rightful heir onough,f for all thur, is he to tho original Corsican's herit- age, St. Hulena souvenirs included, as the pay- ment of_jbe Cant i Hon bequest for tho attempted murder of Wollmgton proves as plain as a pike- st all, stoff of boarding-pike, for fear of'mis tuko ; and on that point there have already been mistakes more piquant than pleasant. TUE CASE OF TUB KEV. Sin. HATCH--It has al- ready'beati.talaied . that th« oharge of perjury preferred by tho Itrv. Air. 11 atoll against a child named Mary Ku;;enix Plummer, stands postponed until the May suasion; of the Central Criminal Court ; but as the pro uoodings oonneoiod with it have oreated a great deal of public interés', it may ba ns well to state a few further particular* in relation to this extraordinary case. It will bo remorobered that Mr. Hatob wasoonvioted at the November session of the Central Criminal ilourtapon two indictments; oharging ".ira with indecent assaults up >n Mary ISugenia Plummer, a girl about twelve years, and her sister. Stephanie. Augusta, a girl ihree or four years ber junior, and that the jury, nfter a long delibe- ration, returned a verdict' of guilty , upon both charges. and the , défendant was thereupon »eutenoad to two years' imprisonment and) hard labour upon eiioh iudiotmont. Under' ordinary I circumstances thu- defendant ' would have ' been I at onco sent to the Wandsworth House of Correction, I tho offence having beoH committed in the county of I Surrey; but, as,Mr. Hatob had been for several years tho chaplain of trat prison, and whioh office be dhly re- signed upon these charges being mode against him, lt I appears that tba Home S orotury considered it would ba a painful and unnecessary aggrxvation of the sentence that he should be Bent huok to thia prison aa a criminal, and Mr. Hatch therefore remained in Newgate until the Government had an opportunity of deciding in what pined of confinement thu sentence should bo carried out. Tho defendant in tho meantime, as tho publio is aware, obtained the consent of Mr. Baron Bramwell, who i tried the case, that an iodiotment should be preferred for perjury against the elder obild^Mary Eugenia Plummer and thin bill waa returned a true bill by tho grand jiuy. The allegations of perjury aro five in number, aud thoy embrace the whole of the allu^od oats of of indecency. The witnesses to disprove the evidence of tho child aro all females except as to one portion of tho indictment, thore being, only one male witness to be examined, with tba exception of the defendant himself. Mra. Hatch ia one of the witnesses ; a little girl, an adopted obild, who went by tho nama of Lucy, and two female servants, appear to bethe additional witnesses whose evidence is to Bupport the chargo ol perjury. The obj >ot of Mr. Hatch in inatitating these proceeding's ie, ot course, to free himself from the oonsequenoes of this conviction ; but as a good deal of interest han been oroatod upon the question whether a child of such tender years is amenable to the criminal law, it may be as well to state, that, up to the aga of seven yeer», a obild ia not considered to be of competent mind, so as to~ be criminally liable for his conduct, but at that age, if .ex- press malioo bo proved, a ehild may be legally convicted and suffer the penalty of any orime be may have oom mitted; and there is one semence upon record where . boy, seven yearB old, was convicted of the murder of another ohild, and was left for execution, although "the sentence : was not ultimately oarried into effeor. Just before the adjournment of t> o Court the father of .the little girl entered into the required recognisance for th« appearance of his daughter at th» May sesBiona. By the form of tho proceedings, tba younger ohild will ba a competent witness to be examined on behalf of hoc sister, and it is said, that a mass of evidenos will be adduced in answer to the obarge, and tho care will be placed .first on the list for trial before the judgeB. London Herald. April 9. DomtücTioN »» FHVE ow THE SHIP YJICA.-The lar&e; ship seen on fire on Monday last, off Scilly, waa on Saturday ascertained to be tho Yroo, belonging to Greenock, and bound to Bombay, from Liverpool, whioh port she appears to have lett on the 26th alt. Tba Tra« was a large timber-built ship, of 1203 tons, classed ia "Lloyd's register Al, for seven years, and waa commanded by Captain D. Taylor, and a arew of 08 bands, aU of whom fortunately were saved. The circumstances eon nooted with the loss are somewhat peoalior. The ship waa laden with steam-coal, for the steamers on tbe In- dian station. She was detained in the Mersey by a heavy gale from, the il.N.W., and after proceeding to sea, the weather became terrific the ehip labouring and straining; heavily, and frequently almost : buried ia the seo. Amidst this, she sprang a leak, and notwith- standing the pumps were kept constantly going, the water in the bold gradually inoreaaod. The crew worked incessantly, day and night, at tho pumps, until they be- came quite exhausted, and they urged the captain to abandon the ship and to taite to. tho boats, BB there were no hopes of saving it. Captain Taylor declined doing EO until ho had discovered the leak, for wbioh purpose ho ordered the forehatcb to be taken off. About this time, one o'clook on Monday afternoon, a strong sulphurous smell was noticed in the aabin, whioh wai known to emanate from tba coals ; ? hat it was not imagined that it «rose from tba cargo being cn fir«, and great waa the alarm on lifting ap the hatchway to flud flames rushing up with terrific force, and firing the rigging. Captain Tay lor perceiving tbat the ship was inevitably lost, bad the boats lowered, but before they ultimately abandoned, her she waa on firs from stem to stern, and rapidly sinking. A vessel called the Empress, of Shoreham, Captain EnDan, bound to London from Teroeira, picked the Yrca's boats op shortly afterwards, and remained within a short distance of the burning ship till nina p.m., when see suddenly disappeared. The Empress then continued hex voyage, The Yroa's IOSB ia estimated at £15.000. THE Loso Atm TUX SHOUT or IT,-An American editor, for want of some better employment, pens tba following :-A tall western girl named Short long loved a certain big Hr. Little ; while Little, UtUe thinking of Sbort, loved a little lass named Long. To make a long story Bhort, Little proposed to Long, and Sbort longed to be even with Little's shortcomings. So Short, meeting Long, threatened to marry Little before Long, which caused Little in a sbort time to many Long. 