METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. LONDON, Saturday Evening, January 21. ADVERSITY tries fools, prosperity tries wise men, says the proverb. So tested, our sages of eastei cockneydom sustain their present plethora of fortune with surprising philosophy ;-some whould call it phlegm. Cheapside is not strewn with polyanthuses and daffadowndillies, because artifi- cial flowers from Rue Rivoli are going to come in at a penny a band-box full less than hitherto. The Old Lady of Threadneedle-street is not capering in Parisian polka boots, like a Bacchante, because Chateau Margot and Cote Rotie may pro- bably be obtained at three-halfpence a bottle below the present figure on the 1st April, 1861. 'Cort bill ia not clapping its hands because sham Jouvin's gloves may. be quoted next year as low as British mittens .'thia. Alderman Meehi isn't ' throwing ecstatic summersets in front of the shilling razor shop, in Xeadenball-street, in anticipation of his twopenny toothpicks penetrating Picardy ; nor is the patentee'of six shirts for forty shillings inclined to shriek Eureka mora emphatically than hitherto in hope of popularity with ¿ people born with a repugnance to ..clean, linen and a partiality for woBbing-tabs BO, bigger, than' a. London Tavern Boup-bowl. : Oa'pel, Court : stags are not exube- rantly frisky at the idea of the increased issues of French Railway.scrip. Lord Mayor-Carter has not pulled off his cravat, crowned'hitileelf with holly and ivy .^illuminated the Mansion House and taken up hts seat on the steps of that temple of turtle, because ,of . the. likelihood bf being visited by the Prefect of the Seine in an untaxed English wide-awake before next.^Michaelmas day, when the British goose .and the Gallic cock are to be birds of a feather ;-said feather to be drawn by the latter poultry over tue".eyes t>f the former sleeping partner, tn thisr odsh^opolitan concern. In a word, the city tum» tjpj'its»moat knowing nose at what it considera a decided piece of imposture and quackery, this.' pea-and-thitnble . rig of the imperial Oaglioetro;-the Wiljalba. Frikel who pretends to tarnble pancakes, cauliflowers, poached eggs, boiled rabbits, deviled kidneys, and sach like articles of taste and vertu, but of. a bat with no crown. In fact the commercial cockney- is becoming a very sceptical animal. He' now believes nothing-he doesn't understand. ; and as he understands nothing whatever at present, as how could,he, seeing be is told half-a-dozen self-contra- dictory things every day in the week, and generally every hour in tho day-war, peace, congress,' no .congress,' pro- pope,'anti-pope, no pope¿ all in a breath ?-he is not disposed to give evll- minded persons special credit for good intentions,'and is inclined to wait till he sees tvbat he shall see. Hence the whole thing has fallen as dead in the vicinage of the Mart as tba hammer of an suc- tionepr on a-mock lot in an audience of Jew brokers. But isn't.all this very different from what the newspapers tell as, you ask ? " Of coursa" it is; most things told here are ; or why tell them? What, theD, ia it not true that .the Napoleonic programme meets with general concurrence in the great mercantile focus of the metropolis ? - Yes, it is quite true ; but in the sense that Hudson applauded Irish railways, in tbhe famine year, as an excellent undertaking, worthy of the philan- thropist, the patriot, and the statesman; and he regarded Lord George Bentinck as all three rolled into one for proposing the scheme. . But when asked to subscribe a few thousand shares, by way of practical demonstration of the theory, George suddenly remembered that he bad a most pressing engagement with Wolverley Attwood in respect to fourteen hundred tons of piping hot Scotch pigs, and another with David Waddington, at the Shoreditch Station, to cook accounts so as to make things pleasant for tbe Eastern Counties share- holders by paying dividends out of capital ;r-^a process analagous to feeding a dog with his own tail.- In this way the Bonapartistr hocus-pocus is certainly popular in city circles, anil, fa ùo, other, whatevor city articles say to the 'contrary.' - Bnt is it not regarded aa a pledge of imperial attach- ment to England ? Yes, the Barine attachment Polyphemus had for tho -Ithican when fattening him for a final mouthful ;-a fate Britannia would do well to be ready to guard against in Ulyssean manner, namely, poking her trident into the ogre's eye ere he make the fatal snap. AB long as he has everything his own way, as he is haying, everywhere in everything, so long will he be the loyalest and most cordial of allies. __But there must; come a time, and it is at hand, when, this can't be the case without our co-operation,-which will have to be both slavish and zealous ; and if that; be withheld, why; then we may begin; tb discern the naval and military meaning of the admission of- cheap. British coal and iron into French arsenals and dockyards; and how the marvels of Egypt may be renewed at Cherbbnrg". in a style that would astonish the ghost of the sphinx's grandmother. The main pnzzle, however, just now is, not so much whether this be the right view of the case, as whether it is the view taken by her Majesty's ministers,' and which and'how many bf them, especially tho connivance- and-credulity one'who' humoured tho «. drifting" process in the last war; to wit, tho right honourable gentleman who baa simultaneously to take off one million duties to bumour : the - French, and to raise ten millions sterling to satisfy the English that-the Gauls shan't gobble them tip. But what if the.ton millions shouldn't be enough ? One of the most learned men living in these matters; or one who at Jea-t should be among the most learned if experience impart erudition, declares, to-day, that it isn't enough, nor half enough ; and that the money might as well be flung into the sea if there be not twice as much forthcoming" forthwith. Who is he ? Sir Kobert. Gardiner, the Artillery: General, who is so salamandine a fire-eater that the name of the'place he lives in is Gunhouae ; "and all his antecedents are cotnbustibly in keeping with so explosively-christened a domicile. Barrossa, Badajos, Vittoria,'Salamanca,* Orthes,- Touleuse, and Waterloo, atust bis familiarity with bayonet, points and saltpetre. He has a whole tea tray full of foreign orders, won for all sorts of services, in Hanover, and beaven knows where, though, thc place opposite to heaven is generally associated, with llanover in this country ; "and he was:made Grand Cross ol' tho Bath after a seven years' governorship of Gibraltar, where his sleeping dreams and waking visions were of 'mortars, rockets, batteries, bastions, scarps, counter- scarps, and murderous miscellanies wi tho ti ti end for putting an end to one's enemy and pre-, venting tho enemy putting- an end to :" one's self. Well, then, if anybody ? should . know what he is talking about when tbo- talk is of defences, it ts he. And what says he of volun- teers, rifle corps, militia, and tho like? '"Chaff, and bran, cbafl and bran, porridge after ment/'- as Sir Pandurus exclaims, when having shewn Cressia the flower of tho Trojan host,'she soys "bore come more." He laughs cnlright at what' -bc calls, the' nonsense about the French not being able to land wherever and w'beñover-they- please, provided they have the means, and they have now more than ever they had, and wa comparatively : less. If we landed in Holland, .Waldieren, and Kgjp*. I« the owly spats witera t3Jaer«b».tcaÜ8n possible, and with a,-skilled and daring enemy, in" ^e^rraaittbera' and all appliances-, -readyr.4» receive ns¡ he wants t'o know *ehat is-to prevent the French. Jandin_g; not in one^ but in fifty çlaces," withou.t our having an hour's notice,' cviry fathom 'oioti-r coast being familiar to their pilots. / . \ Pie mákés no doubt that 250,000 French could .be thrown.'into England, ¿nd these Jwptild'match, he'says, through the land, 'f like 'a 'tbwerwg.^pj';, . according to . predetermined plan, with no- xnore check'from our amateuring ? warriors--' than '-a? hippopotamus from a swarm of mosquitoes. -An army, a regular army,-of regular troops, is, he. says,' the only chance, not of routing, bnt of tiring put and harassing. the enemy, and giving the .volunteers ëotné small' opportunity pf playing a guerilla part. Bat army we have" .norie, and won't-have,--he >says, till we lay out twenty millions 'in a lamp « to «tart-, with, and add four bullions ai year to the estimates. Pie says, " the numbers_ which w^ could oppose to,the enemy are known , in all the ; war bureaus of Europa to » mali ; - andy * what 'ns more- consequence,' it '. is . scientifically Ktföwri how'to estimate, the composi- tion bf the íístínct arms in their efficiency or non efficiency. ¿AB an »artillery officer ¡I say it is a ióllacy-to think-of employing volunteer . or even militia^artillery* in "the field;.' Even- permanent embodiedznilítia aa .artillery would fail both in garrison ,and field if not .-commanded. by officers ^cientißoally/educated for that purpose.''''General Gardiner sa^s lie has1 great respect for the popular enthusiasm, Snd 'tfunks something1might be done Wjfli ; it-tif- ;t\»ere; ;W«s - a Therniopyl» in. every district; rubere a - hundred men -could hold . ont .fTgàïnei-a 'thousand for a while ; but he ridicules the idea of its deterring efficiency against.the sort of'mea whom "¿he, saw .overrunning Spain and portugal-till'checked by Wellington's intrench .ments ''and the disciplined genius behind them j the ufa'ftVâ'&ëtiffî^àXL' Europie though the \yhole population were furious against them, and though vast armies supported that fury in the fashion" a hundred battle-fields proclaim. Here is a sweet.picture drawn by the consummate hand of General Gardiner, ' for the contemplation of our parochial) Pratorians, municipal Tenth Legions, and 'ciVUian-cohorts ia general:-"The French carri*on war *u 0 sta'e of joyous happiness. They have a scientific ease in "adapting circumstances and all means at hand to whatever they are in need of. If tresa ara not convenient,. they unroof houses with an adroitness and celerity almost in- conceivable, appropriating the beams to stockades, abbatis, : and firewood; Any building, however solid, is tdfned inside out in less than five minutes; ita walla'pierced for purposes of defence, and its doors'and window-shutters converted into flooring for teats when encamped, or protection against rheumatism in bivouac. . As for 'hedgerows and such ¿imple, obstacles to movement or communica- tion, ;tit, gi ve,' an';illustration of the facility with which they sweep away every difficulty of the sort, ;"F* would'say that a French army,'landing in the most enclosed district in England, would march in line, with perfect ease, from the point of debarka- tion to London." So much for the men; now for their master. General .'Gardiner's estimate of the military capacity of ;tho Emperor" is that, "the most, experienced commander, could not have shewn greater capacity than'evinced in the previous study and deoision of parpóse, calculation pf means,'knowledge of the various arms which, constitute an army, in profes- sional judgment in their combined - application, skill in timing tile movement of troops,* instinctive discernment of hi? own means, which suggest toa leader 'how' far he, can . extend his purposes, and when. judiciously suspend thom.',' The General deçms^t stark staring dementedness to tuppose that a man pf thia capacity and these resources is going tb" settle''down iii a humdrum sovereign of bourgeoisie, with a cotton umbrella under hianrm, like the"Rte King" Willana" Smith, or like that other royal bagmarl, Leopold with a carpet-bag and a packet of samples, looking, for orders, in the matrimonial line pr otherwise. ( Gardiner soys the reproaoh of being'an alarmist.won't altpr^thiB fact,' that i *' the . Emperor ¡ has; himaolf-r identified and adopted' the missionary purposes as dynastically delegotca' to him by the first Napoleon. ' The events traced on the disc of his horoscope, though obscured, the world bas been prepared forby pre- figuration during the first empire. The fulfilment of his mission can only be through military renown to an extent that if not controlled in . mid career by Europe will;leave the cherished' passion of the warlike people''over whom he reigns nothing to covet or notbiDg lo couquer." As might be ex-' pected from Sir Robert's long resiclencp at Gibral- ter, and his study of. all things pertaining to that fortress, he has bestowed much attention on the Morocco war, and regards its real object with great distrnst, believing' it to be the covert work of France, as tho sure forerunner of the conversion of the Mediterranean into a French lake. The fortifications of Carthagena, with a splendid har- bour, .he pronounces to bê a sure indication that the coast of África,'from Algiers to Cape Spurtel, including: the best ports of Morocco, will be sub- ject to France and Spain ; and he says-"Ask the leading commercial men arnon.; yourselves, with Carthagena, the Balearic Isles, Ceuta, Tangiers, Larnche, Algesiras, Tarifa, and Cadiz, in the hand» of those powers, to what uno could England hold the key .of the liedlterronoan--Gibraltar ?" One more pleasant prognostic v'ill complete this con- solatory catalogue Whatever the Emperor proposes, suppression of pa t Europe, a, treaties, disÁiemberment ' bf , Turkey, domini- n of the Mediterranean,, or to give . Fraí.c- what his unele designated as her natural proper boundary, terri- tory to the Rhine, the enterprise will be character- ised hy that unerring calculation of means to end, and masterly judgment ; in execution, . hich have stamped a prestige of assured success on all he undertakes. Whether it is as arbiter and dispenser of nations, the sway of foreign government)*, the movement of 200,000 men, traversing the Alps oí-transport by sea, and leading them to a succes- sion of victories, all is of equal facility, and the result certain,. from his thorough knowledge, and wisc practical application ol' all powerful means. These are of his own creation. Iiis military bias and power of balancing events in contemplation, which* gives tn ^rt-ut and difficult purposes pro- jected by him thu facility of trilles; he owes to nature." - . : CooBideratitmsoi this nort'are not confined to veterans, though must' extraordinary is the unanimity of uwry one of th-»tn who,'has yet opened Iiis mouth, ond iÄai is nothing to what t ty wlmpcr unionist each other, as to the perils of onr poi-i trciti. Ktioiild the mystic of the Tuileries coerce, iusti ud of wheedling and blarneyfying us to Iiis purposes. These thoughts aro Bot to be I got rid of, and the opposite engendered, by "Will ; o' tho Wisp flickerings of untaxed tankards of stomach-achey . vinegarized Bourdeoux becoming nearly ns cheap as ditch-water, which would be about its worth. Henry Drummond will tell us, »n TufHclriy, that there is more nutriment and stimulant in a Toby Fillpot of British home brewod thin in a gallon ol Garonne ; and will say md not au tra ly, that if we want to minister to the thirst ot the million, and cultivate their capacity for imbibing' recherche liquids, let us take off the walt anil,hop dutie&j; and astonish ¿ho. intestines.< Jolt« Bull «tth-uradidtexeilessenc« of JouaJUrle, -oom. - Why . jhe projectionists will he np ia ern -to a .man "agáinst thia vinous-invasion, both as ?matter of daiy^atfd sour'grapes ;'-andHhe Tra mans, anti Hanbury?, and Buxtors, and Barçlay and ^Vhitbrçacla, and the whole " entîrê'Mnteré in "the Lower Howe,- .».«tV}»>* it tbere, as well as Carri Hobhouse âud Others in tl "Upper, will foam' like so many freshly: draw .pots jar their owV porter'at the proposition;, whi Bar's, whp always looks ars pale as if ha extensive \- patronised his own ale, or waajealous of Allsopp' , which mighty produce the .same canary-coipnrt bilious '. tint, "would join * the other .bitter'brewer 'free trader as.be is, and freq traders as they ar as long as free trade takes" no publia liberties 'wil their private pockets. But* what a.diyjded dui about these duties falls , there ' not upon tl Derbyite. toadies of the "sovereign of the froj .eaters ! How will the Asian Mystery apportie his ambiguous allegiance between the territon aristocracy of England and his old crony 'pf Gbi House ?. Here is the dual dilemma ;:-Mr. Dh raeli will either have to vote against the Britts agricolous intorest in regard to hops aud malt, c against ''that sagacious prince" in. regard, i wine. Either way spoils bis game, though'as n< body knows what, that game is perhaps it i Tathèr presumptuous to express such opinion. no rwonder he is to give , no dinner on Monda) Only fancy his embarrassment, if you can lane him embarrassed, and if so you must have su: prising vivacity of imagination; but just try t photograph his physiognomy on the'retina bf yoi mind's eye during tho circulation of the Burgundy sparkling and tranquil, ditto Moselle, ditto Chan: pagne, the white Hermitage and tbe red Hermitage the Frontignac, vin de Grave ordinaire, extraoi dinaire, and so on and so forth ; for Vivian Gre has a cellar suited to Young Dukes, and tool ones too, though is own favourite is port, thebes in the world, he says, being made in the Minot íes 5 and therein bo.agrees with Horaco Walpolt who always recommended port on the ground tha as he compounded it himself he could answer fo its quality, ? which he couldn't for the others Well, conceive the conversation turning on thi theme, Newdegate charging a la Cardigan at th black bottles, and demanding if his leader, th Bottle Conjuror as Graham once called Benjamin meant to assist tho judicious Bottle Holder ii thrusting the Gallic beverage down the Britte throat, to the repudiation of beer, and immemoi tal tipple of our Saxon ancestry, and chief sus tainer of the English constitution ? By what je d' esprit could the Hebraic member for Buck tickle the stable mind of the Warwick inquisitor so as to eschew a direct confession, and play fas and loose with his friends on the banks of th Thames, while angling after the real intentions o his august enigmatical acquaintance over th water ? . How fortunate that be should be sparet this terrible test of his ambiguity ; and be able t enter on the session without allowing anybody ti know what he thinks of anything, ' and probabl; being in a state of like interesting ignorance him self. Russellite reform he will, of course, agre to ;-so as to be rid of it, and clear the way fo real business, that of looking after Number One arid as a good many more are intent.on the sarrii patriotic object, there is small doubt he will soot be in a condition to commence operations. ' There is one rather piquant subject.that may bi more influential in farther splitting up parties that any the speculators on the parliamentary portent! of 1860 take into account. Just because then is at this particular moment special necessity to exhibit the military mind of England in t state of accord, that moment ia selected to "exbibi' the exact reverse. Tho doubla, government,, b the army, the War Minister and - the chief of thi Horse Guards, the two heads of " the fighting executive, are at-loggerheads, because one want: to introduce a new anti-apoplectic knapsack and thc other desires to persist in the present routine garrotting apparatus. Some of the ministers and nome of the opposition and some,of. the iridepen dents, if any such latter there) be, (' will take part with the respective disputants, and the feud is pretty certain to assume very- extensive a« well as delicate dimensions, for court and cabinet as well ' as miscellaneous reasons: It is not im possible that a few more startling revelations io connection with tho Crimea may turn up ; as if will ; probably ' be argued that personages who couldn't keep their own . heads on'' theil shoulders at Inkermann and elsewhere , are not exi-.ctly.the best qualified in the .world- to- be the guiding brain of an intricate and oner oas depart- ment at homo.' A strong attempt_"will"bè "made, and perhaps a stronger resistnnco, tb have bill ono chief, and that a responsible one; but which chief it isn't easy to say, . for - there are a variety of wheels within wheels necessary to the agitation to set up one and knock down the other. The Commander-in-Chief basin his com- position a great deal of his uncle, William . JV., who, when Lord High Admiral, told the cabinet to; go to Jericho and considerably warmer latitudes, for that he meant to do what ho liked with the navy, and if he caught any red-tape son of a gun''from Somerset House coming to Ports mouth to interfere, he would have him cat-o'-nine tailed into the fae simile of a netvly-skinned sheep. It was he who cried , " Go it, Ned," when congratulating Codrington '. on ' the un- toward event," Navarino, telling' him to blaze away, right and left, whenever he had an oppor- tunity, and to make one if he failed to find it at hand. But be had to deal with one who never yet stood nonsense from prince, peer, peasant, or pauper. Wellington was prime minister ; and F.M. " presented hi3 compliments" to his royal highness, ono fine morning, and told him ther was no longer any such thing in the world as a I lord high ailmiral ; and there never has been from that day to this, and never will be again. William never wes much of a philosopher, but he took this blow with a coolness tbat staggered the dealer thereof, who wasn't generally affected by trifles. H.B..H. put the affront in his pocket, and unlike most prihces/cspecially those of his own blood, never resented it, the royal sailor j cottoning to the iron soldier till they became as thick as inkle-weavers, whatever an inkle-weaver happens to be, of which your Correspondent j hasn't tho faintest notion, nor of any sort of I weaver either, yarn-spinners perhans excepted. Where shall we look for a Wellington now to' ideal thus with tbe present difficulty? and with- out it what is to be done? Perhaps the best course would be to refer it to Cobden, for arbitra- tion, tho Unadorned being now thc model n'-Rotiator. So being, why not send him forth- with to China, and lot him adjust mutters there before the suicidal expedition eets forth, certain toproduce interminable evils, and do no manner of good. Let ltira he paid. well, equal to a Governor- General of India at least,, and so have his lost fortunes retrieved, instead of by the mode talked of to-day, a subscription ; tho author of the rumour, however, being the same pedantic Gobemouche who lutcly vouched that an Arm- strong gun had shot a gull six milos off I There cau't be a doubt that enriched Richard would come b»ck, not only himself a gainer, but with privileges allowing as to pick our choicest hyson ju tie Einperor'a Q»n\g»rden ? tc» hive' a penny .paper., in JPekin_î ..with liberty for a papal and protestant parson to hold forth concerning, the' posthumous perdition of themselves and flocks respectively ;-thus . edifying - the . disciples pf .Confucius with the Christian theory of charity and goodwill reduced'"to practice. If to : thiB were added, a' Ûritjsh' P'yorçç Court, to. exhibit the domestic morals of the English to _the Celestials, "rn V^the ..mariner "they are" every day revealed ' ïn Westminster, _tbe Chinese would necessarily become converts by the million to the teaching, of the civilised and virtuous is'anders. "All that, would then remain would be to start a House of Commons ; and to shew its* working, import a corps of Wan in the Moon purists. Only, unfortunately, we shall require them all ourselves, and that presently ; for we shall have l a général election six months" hence. Under a j new,reform bill there will of course be doable need and double scope for Wakefield and Nor- wich tn'ctic's everywhere, Birkenhead ' should look ahead in time, and,fix the tariff per head lander, .which it ; -will consent to be enfranchised. What's the ase of a vote if one can't do as one likes with it? and what better use can.it be put to than 'put up to the highest Bidder ? ~ Why with a capital . B ? . Because that Calculating Boy-is said here-to have his ready-reckoning eye already on the Cheshire side of .the Mersey, and to have made his election to go -to the poll provided Brassey' don't. Brassey won't-having too much to think of in regard to the unfortunate Great 'Eastern, now trebly unlucky through the tragic death of Captain Harrison, the news of which disaster to day has produced far deeper gloom in London than even the deaths of the other two celebrities, Brunel and Stephenson, associated, with the unmanage- able monster of the deep, destined to be flounder- ing, and most probably would have foundered had she been among the wild waves thiB wildest of nights. 