METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion London, Saturday evening, August 11th On the principle that practice makes perfect, the rain was to have been merely rehearsing a descent these last three months and having now got into the way of the thing, it comes down as if it never meant to leave off. Perhaps it doesn't, or at least only sufficiently long to take breath for another tumble more drenching than the preceding, and to give time for the thunder and lightning to ventilate themselves. This they have been doing at intervals the whole day long, with every appearance of making a night of it also and a wild night in that case it will be, as Lloyd's Register will probably record on Monday morning. At half-past eight last night the downpour set in, raining cats and dogs and young elephants. Simultaneously, too, an old elephant converted his trunk into a spout, and gushed forth to the aqueous tune of the moaning Metternich, namely " after me the deluge." Ellenborough, less wild, more wise, but not less strong, his hair still copious and curly enough to warrant a carrying off of the gates of Somnauth again, than when he used the famous metaphor about the same elephant, spoke a fearless and a peerless speech in the Peers for half-an-hour, such as no other men in this country can speak, speaking in a strain that should make every man in this country think, if the power of thought have not perched from amongst us, as so many circumstances would imply. It was the greatest speech of our greatest speaker on the greatest subject of the time, and will be turned to hereafter much as are now those speeches of Burke which denounced in vain the fatality that led to the dismemberment of the western dominions of Victoria's grandfather. " Thirty-two years have I earnestly devoted to the affairs of India," quoth the old man eloquent-the resonant voice broken, the sparkling eye suffused, and the stalwart limb trembling with emotion, albeit by no means used to the melting mood -" and I say, probably for the last time I may have an opportunity of saying it, that this bill wholly re verbes the system whereby India was acquired and i maintained, and must cause the loss of India, were all other circumstances propitious for our power, whereas many are conducing to its overthrow." These circumstances he had already pointed out the quackeries of Wilson, and the monstrosities of his poll-tax and confiscating finance ; the introduction of divers elements of incessant mutation where the assurance of stability is of the first consequence and above all, the wholly altered feeling between the native and the European, every evil of that alteration being about to be aggravated a hundredfold by this bill, which breaks the slight remaining link that bound the Indian to the Englishman. Such was the solemn and impassioned, though dispassionate, declaration of the one man whom all men regard as the authority on India;-whom Wellington, himself wisest of Indian legislators as greatest of Indian soldiers, upheld in the governorship of India and to whose sagacity all the events that have transpired from the hour he was driven out by the demented Company. [Otto's Deus vult perdere prius dementat in their case indeed !] till this hour, bear witness Leadenhall-street itself testify- ing aloud to its own stoncblindness, and to the prescience of him it had calumniated and expelled, as it did also Ellenborough's heroic right hand-the " bearded vision that swept Scinde." So rang the knell of empire, in the ears of all who had ears to sir, as the presaging Earl sat down, himself the last of a race of statesmen orators who differ from the garrulous gamblers of to-day as deep an eagle from a tomcat, j. Did the speech produce any sensation? Yes, a decided one. It almost led Argyll, to whom it was a reply, to suspect that he isn't the greatest man in the world and that is the nearest approach to a miracle that can be expected in these Protestant latitudes, at least till Cardinal Wiseman turns his red- legged steps to Westminster " from out the Flaminian Gate." It is but fair to his grace, however, to say that he is otherwise undergoing a transformation for though still clothed with conceit as with the mail of an armadillo, or what he thinks much more of the shell of a Scotch lobster, he is awakening to the fact that there is a considerable difference between his own appreciation of himself and that by other people. Hence when he makes a set speech now, he does not invariably bring down his couple of young Campbells, the Marquis of Lorn and Lord Archibald, and place them on the steps of the throne, while he shakes the senate," though not exactly in the style of his predecessor, Pope's Duke, who, the State's whole thunder born to wield" shook the field as well. In the avoidance of this domestic demonstrativenees he is imitated by, or perhaps has set an example to, Lord John, who used to be always playing the Roman father, and treating his juvenile male offspring to the touchingly patriotic spectacle of his pocketing £5000 a year, that is, showing how he didn't earn it, as in the reform fiasco. But though there were no very young Campbells in the Upper House last night, there were several aged and middle-aged and certain aged" members of that copious clan, including not only patriarchal Plain Jock himself, on the woolsack, his son, Lord Stratheden, who annually takes precedence of his paper in the peerage, and his daughter, the Hon. Cecilia, habited in deep mourning for her mother, in the gallery, [where were also many ladies, the house indeed being unusually full of peers, though scarcely any commoners, more shame for them, but also that most renowned son of a thundering gun, Sir Colin, whom nobody will call Lord Clyde, just as nobody will call the author of the Corn Law Catechism other than Colonel Thompson, let Hart's Army List break its heart thereat if it will. The gallant quarter of the mutiny was on the cross benches, close to the Duke of Cambridge and the propinquity of the pair suggested some Crimean re miniscenseB of a rather piquant character ; but of which the least said the better these invasion-panic times. There was no seeing the antique Highlander while he sat ; neither was there any hearing him while he stood, for he did make a speech, or what professed to be such, being put up thereto by Ministers, just to show that they had his sanction. Better for himself, though probably not for them, that he had held his tongue. A maiden speech at seventy or perhaps eighty, for nobody knows his age any more than that of the Chancellor, and there is a strong suspicion that he has seen a hundred some years ago, is not a very inspiriting proceeding to performer or spectator. It woefully takes, the romance off the visions which the narrative of stirring deeds conjures up before the mind's eye. " Sit down, Mr. Washington ; your modesty does you as much credit as your valour," said the chairman of the Senate to the Liberator, who tried to bungle through a reply to the first vote of thanks from the people he had made free men. But Washington wasn't a Scotchman, or there would have been no allusion to modesty, unless by way of a joke. It wasn't modesty that troubled Sir Colin, but that simply he didn't know what to say or how to say it. Ellenborough had exhausted the whole pith of the business. Clyde confessed he had, and feeling the folly of gainsaying the Earl's truths, had merely to content himself with expressing a hope that things wouldn't be so very bad, and perhaps might turn out pretty well after all. This was the strain that Cambridge had adopted just before, in a very excellent speech, or what was so for a duke, especially a royal duke and concerning that class of personage Sir Colin, on the day of the Alma, said something comical, which might be rather grave if repeated, at least beyond the precincts of a professional club. Though the Duke is not an infrequent speaker, much and pleasurable surprise was created on this occasion by his well chosen words, and rapid and clear delivery-so different from that of his father, who had the George the Third incoherency and interrogatory repetition of phrase, as satirised by Peter Pindar, and so grotesquely hit off in Byron's burlesque of the Vision of Judgment, when the monarchial ghost, mistaking Southey's puff for the preceding laureate's, cries out "What what ? old Pye come again no more of that, no more of that !" An extraneous weight is lent to what the Duke says by his seeming to be so much older than he is, owing to his complete baldness characteristic of nearly all male members of the family on either side, Uncle Leopold excepted, and-occasioned, according to a wag, by the number of music oils, magic agents, and cabalistic ointments for the growth of the hair that are inscribed to royal heads, and which are sufficient to turn the brain as well as frighten off the natural covering of the crown. H.R.H. made a very gallant defence for the bill, and disclaimed with great emphasis [for himself, hem!] certain ticklish allegations as to prospective Horse Guards patronage in India. But he had to beg the main question, namely, the effect of the bill on the native mind, the effect of the numerous analogous measures the introduction of the bill would render necessary. He had to imply that Ellenborough's arguments were irresistible and conclusive, namely, that the days of the white-faced are numbered on the Ganges and the Indus, unless the dark-faced be propitiated as of old, ere Such in India and Gent in England ruled the heritage of the Mogul. The crispy-headed Cassandra, who still wears the lavender kids as in days of old, and is still as fastidious in history as ever, being also in wonderful corpo- real case,, and might serve as a copy of the Farnese Hercules, was much cheered on both sides, Derby I especially ringing out an admiring "hear" with conspicuous gusto and deferentially testifying his admiration afterwards in a speech of equal delicacy, discretion, and force. At the back of Rupert sat his rclative-that- is-to.be, Shrewsbury, with that prodigious browny-black board and crepe white hat which render him so remarkable in the eye of strangers, especially in connection with the lucky law-suit which has given him that fairy Vathek fabric, Alton Towers, and the picturesque " demesnes that thereunto adjacent lie" along the trout-abounding Churnet, and the Walton-haunted Dove, feeders of the hundred armed Trent, It seems his brother, Colonel Talbot, is presently to marry Derby's only daughter, the Lady Emma Stanley ; thus uniting the families of the premier the second early in the British peerage. The Colonel, who is Serjeant-at-Arms to the peers-so made by Derby, with very Hotspur precipitancy is a fine courtier-looking fellow, becoming his mediaeval black dress and silk stockings so well that he is generally taken by strangers, especially ladies, to be the chief personage in the house and not unnaturally ; for it does so happen that our hereditary patriarchs are about the most plebeian-visaged assemblage of refpectabilties anywhere to be met with, an assize bar always excepting!, the barristerial body bearing the Culm in that particular from all her Majesty's lieges, he Colonel-a militia lieutenant-colonel, though he is also an ex-captain in the 7th foot being nearly seven feet himself-is considerably on the shady side of forty; the lady twenty-five. It is to be presumed that when he is married he will give up his post, which is really a menial's, just as is that of the same rank and name in the commons held by Lord Charles Russell, whose appointment thereto by his. brother, Lord John, was the most indiscreet of all his nepotism. It proved, as was predicted here at the time, the first blow at his own personal prestige in the country and popularity in Parliament ; arguing a. total lack of that sensitiveness to appearances which could be desired ;, while the act in itself was a still further fall in the not very exalted Bedford Level, seeing that the head of the family is enormously affluent, and that the £1600 a year salary isn't the rent of more than two or three dozen thousands of houses in the neighbourhood of . Covent garden, and miles of brick, and mortar these grounds Derby is not the man to allow his son-in-law to be the liveried flunkey to the woolsack he now is obedient to the head and back of the functionary on the woolsack and merely an upper servant among the under- rings at the doors and in the lobbies. ~ The wonder is that his now wealthy brother suffers him so to be, considering the chivalrous consanguinity he claims ; | for it certainly would affright the ghost of " thrice renowned Talbot1"-<whose patrimony the fortunate i offspring of the Stafford attorney possesses to behold ' this apparition in knee-breeches and buckles, doing duty as Yellow Plush, in the face of the heraldic beatings frescoed overhead of that class of St. George which out blazed the oriflamme of St. Denis in a hundred fights, from Bordeaux to Rouen, and back again ; the Jeanne d'Arc episode notwithstanding, and the final Shakspere hallowed catastrophe at Chatillon not excepted. Returning to our muttons, meaning our elephant, Ellenborough was vigorously cheered also by Hard | wick, who could hardly be expected to have a cheer in him. Why so ? Is the gallant far not well ? Quite ; buoyant as a middy ; nimble in the pins as T. P. Cooke fifty years ago in the sailor's horn pipe and with a pipe like a boatswain's - mate. Wherefore then should he not be in a cheery condition, as well as in a condition to cheer ? Because of the dreadful shock to his system occasioned by the disappointment that he is not now Postmaster General. What ; under Palmerston ? No, of course not ; he is the series of torrid stories. Then, " under which king, Bezonian, speak or die?" Why Derby to be sure. How so ? Through the paper division on Monday night. Surely he didn't believe in it i Surely he did much more cock sure than the know- ing Knowsley bird, who didn't know before hand, and therefore hasn't had to sing small subsequently. It is a fact, an incredible one perhaps, but still a fact, that Hardwicke was perfectly positive that ministers would be beaten, and pooh-poohed all suggestions to the contrary coming up special from Cambridge to be ready when his chief should be sent for. Do tell us all about the division. To what purpose The only history of any use now is the history of the future and you generally have next week's every Saturday night here, as you had this night week, there not not being a word to alter, and scarcely a word worth adding since. Gladstone's was the best speech for his own motion, and Maguire's much the best against it. But as to the result, it turned out just as foretold, and as it was easy to foretel. When it was said that Hayter had come here all was said there was no need to say any more. Hayter's coming made obvious the earnestness of Palmerston and once that is apparent everything is as plain as a pikestaff, or rather let us say as an Enfield rifle, as being more to the point than the pike. All uncertainty on all things arises from the difficulty of determining when he is in earnest. Find out that, and you have Ali Baba open sesame to all thieves' caves, and from the equator to the pole secrets cease to be. It is because of the incertitude about his earnest- ness that one is puzzled to make head or tail of the fortification fantasy ; whether he is using it as a will of-the-way to allure the diddled British Lion through bog, break and briar, so as to divert the magnetized animal from another scent, or really credits the chimera. The latter hypothesis is scarcely con- ceivable, seeing that, to all appearance, his brain is as clear as ever. The whole scheme of these land fortifications has been the laughing-stock of military critics of every grade since it was promulgated and now it is becoming the general target for the derision of civilians, as its imbecilities become more and more staring to the most ordinary eye. Not one disinterested authority of the least weight defends the defences ; while all who condemn them do so publicly in language the most sweeping ever applied by men of position to any proposition coming from the advisers of the crown ; while the censure expressed in private is something that would shock a chartist, if any such fossil happened to be revised for the occasion. Sydney Herbert says that Sir Howard Douglas approves. But Sir Howard doesn't say so himself, and he isn't chary of words, or at least of ink, on such matters. He may approve of parts, but it is impossible he can approve of the scheme as a whole. To do so would be to fall head over heels into the self-contradictions Herbert imputed, and most unfounded to Admiral Napier's speech on Thursday night for even the very imperfect reports of that speech show nothing of the sort alleged by the War Secretary, in whose person a clever second rate usher in a first-class boarding school has been spoiled. But there's no use talking. As Fonblanque's journal says this evening, if the money were asked to fortify the Wreckin or Snowdon it would be granted as readily as to fortify Portsdown Hill and it would be money equally well laid out ; as is clearly shown by the writer, who knows what he is talking about, which is more than can be said for the right honorable representative of Balaclava. No use talking, indeed and so the gallant old Charley seems at last to think for after having in vain continuously raised his voice for years in favour of the only measures that have ever rendered England capable of aggression, and therefore of defence, he has at last succumbed to the tor- port he failed to awaken. He has obtained " leave of absence on the score of ill health;" an ominous plea at his time of life and with his ardour for work. But he has done his work, and will have done it well if he have only stimulated any man likely to be in real authority amongst us to profit by the professional truths, respecting Portsmouth, and such places, laid down in Thursday's night address concerning what may be really compared to the folly of placing Chubb's Locks, 9 and Hobbs' bolts, and Brahame's latches, on a stable door, while the steed we are so solicitous about is perambulating the fields, with scarcely a farmer's lad to look after him, though a band of gypsies are notoriously marauding the country round. There is one extraordinary omission, however, in all these discourses on defences. Who is to be the man to direct us and conduct the general plan? This is an ever uppermost reflection with many, but is whispered by few, out-spoken by none. In its' presence all other considerations are insignificant and the experience of numbers still living supply evidence why it should be so, Who can think of . 1814 without feeling that it is not in the aggregate of legions, but in the activity and prescient grasp of a single brain that success dwells, be it in attack or defence. With sixty thousand men, partly the debris of the frozen and burnt out cohorts of Moscow, and partly the green youth of the last conscription, Napoleon long held his own against half Europe in arms, led by the ablest Generals then extant, and many of whom had learnt war from his threshing, and he threshed many of them again. No exploit in Tasso and Ariosto reads more foreign to human pru- dence than the narrative of Bonaparte's interjection of his battle-worn and toil-wasted handful midway between the multitudinous hosts of Blucher and of Schwartzenberg, marching simultaneously on Paris, in parallel lines, by the Marne and the Seine ; how he fell like a thunderbolt on the Silesian dragoon, routing the mechanical model chivalry of Prussia in a .whiflofnre,and,inthenextbieath,burBtingontiieAus of ian, andfrighteninghim into a flight of fifty leagues at a gallop thus scattering a quarter of a million of the supposed best troops in the world, brave as need be, accustomed to fight, accoutred at all points, provided to perfection, and in positions of their own choosing. Such was the terror there strokes inspired that notwithstanding the notorious exhaustion of his resources, and the pre-arranged' trees is of Marmont and the other marshals, as well as of Talleyrand, Fouche, and the rest of th rascnlocracy, the allies swallowed their vapouring vows of extirpation, and begged to treat. In an evil hour the still victor warrior would not nor would he draw a man from Italy or the numerous fortresses on. the Elbe and Oder ; believing that his skeleton band would still suffice to sweep the alien locust hordes from the land, as it probably would But for the monster treachery at the capital disconcerting his meditated final coup of assisting the enemy in the rear, when he should be reinforced by the garrisons of the Rhine. But this was to have a head on one's shoulders. What if the nephew have the uncle's head Magenta and Solferino are at least no evidence to the contrary. What if that head come amongst us? There's delirium in the thought. Where is our head ? " That way madness lies " There let it lie for the present. Sufficient for the day is the frenzy thereof and every day we are having enough to drive Solomon out of his senses were he amongst us ; though whether the sagacious Israelite would go crazy with laughter or indignation it would take one as wise as himself to guess. What, for instance, would he think of the Bright and Palmerston hubbub of last night? Anybody entering the Commons about seven o'clock, and seeing Colonel Styles, Garibaldi's agent, a very Apollo or a fellow, dressed in a Fra Diavolo costume enough to enchant all the witches of Lancashire, and to dislo- cate the local noses of the united volunteers in the fair ones' eyes for ever, would fancy that the question was, whether young Bomba should be thrust into Vesuvius or placed on the consolidated fund. Nobody could imagine that it was so simple a matter as the Minister's trick about defeating his own paper duty bill in the Peers, the heinousness of which his accuse seemed to have just discovered, although it is some months old. Bright talked of the Premier's " treason" with an Urquhartire cautiousness that led all hearers to suppose that he would wind up with David's specific for complaints of the head of the state] namely, Tower Hill and chopping block. But, as a Friend, opposed to capital punishment, John shrunk from, applying the axe to the root of that evil. Though seemingly willing enough to wound, he feared he strike and like the lady who hesitates and is undone, Bright faltered and was lost. To denounce crime and eschew punishment is to exhibit ethics of which the Tiverton moralist is just the man to master. Accordingly he fell upon the Birmingham Brutus ferociously; secured his untimely and unmanly 'ruling and pulling timidity and temerity and scoffed at the talk about treason with an air that would have delighted Pozzo di Borgo and the Princess Lieven to behold the flesh and perhaps these choice pair of souls did in the spirit, considering who was the " rapped" with whom they should be in support. It was decidedly the best " hit" in the " Sayers and Benicia Boy line," the veteran cruiser ever made a short, sharp, and decisive beyond all mistake and the house yelled like Ojibaways at a scalping match with rapture. Bright was squashed into considerably less than nothing. " The attempt and not the deed" confounded him. Had he gone on and said all, all would have been well ; but the half measure, the in- sinuated impeachment and then the withdrawal of the indictment, was to court destruction and it swooped upon him with a vengeance. The magnanimous House of Commons forgives anything but want of success and when failure is in proportion to audacity they are merciless in its punishment. It isn't that they loved Bright less, or Pam more. They would have so acted had the parts been reversed, as was seen when the Viscount's own anti-Red parliament howled' him down the night of the Orsini-bill blow up. However, whatever the cause, the effect on Bright wsB annihilating. Out he presently fled, into the wilderness of cabstands in Palace yard and thence to Jerico or Pimlico, or some other region unknown to civilised man, and eschewed by crinolined women. The felicitations poured upon the Premier for this exploit, off-hand coup de main as it was, are pro- digious and they seem to have knocked twenty years; off his chronology. This morning, at two o'clock, he talked of sitting on till October, with a frankness that nearly threw unfortunate Speaker Denison into cata- leptic convolutions, and he groaned as if undergoing the fate of St. Stephen in his saintship's chapel ; Le Marchant, Lea, and May, the three clerks at the table, sympathetically croaking in raven chorus, like the triumvirate of Anna baptists in the Prophete, hideous to hear, piteous to behold. And in reference to things most musical and most melancholy, the cause of this additional appalling delay now looming in the future in the Irish Coercion Bill, which prohibits " any party songs, times, we. j" so that Patrick's Day," or " Garryowen " may be followed by a treadmill obligato in 1860, though "Who fears to speak of 98 " was regarded as fiddle deedee in '48. Really Cardwell ought to be an Irishman ; or two, for the matter of that. And as an Act of Parliament can do anything, he should bring in a bill of his own to turn him into a native, for it would be deplorable that such a genius for blundering should not be rendered " racy of the soil" sacred to nonsense; where everything is so topsy-turvy that gentlemen ain't at all particular whether they stand on their heads or heels and it signifies very little which. 