AN ANSWER.. TO.. THE. JR.EV. _WILLIA^I j 'M'fNTYilE'S%'£bxURE^pN^THE V HE L ? ?? ;THENlSSi,-.OF.v, POPERY.?.!;r ? - !???,.? .' . i -i.i -:By EDTAnD'JonN- HAWKatEY. v And if any man think himself to be religions, nofbridling his tongue, but deceiving his own' heart ^hi» man's religion is vainl'? — CatttoiieEphile of 'St fames, Chap. 2. t-. 26. — : ' . : ; i -*1 Let them not lead people by the nose to believi ihby can prove'their supposition that the Pope istht Antichrist, ar)d the Papists Idolators,- when they pannqt.'— TAofnrfiita Prebendary of ' Westminster. - I.!'. TO 'THE R'BV.'rVVlI.LtAM M'lNTYRir, !A.M.. , „ !; i- (Ctmtintud from our last*):. We now come to Jour second instance, vi«.— ' (Be use.bf images' in,'worBhip.' On this head yon Myr-T- J 1. I o '.'. x'-I I 'The second commandment which the Church of .-Romo- makes part 'of -the first; w'neri'it doesnb; wholly erase it, refera to the worship of God ; and it forbids, in .the moat absolute mawner^the making .of any graven image o_r any.likeness for the, purpose of that worship. .'Thou shalt not make unto thee iany graven imagef, or. any likeness of anything that'., is in heaven ,'alioye,.'or that is in the earth. beneath, .or, that is in; the w^ter. under the/. earth.' The^ obvious meaning,'! say yon, ' of thii-prohibitipn is that no images of any kind are to be made' or' pro- . Tided, for the purpose of 'being in onj waij used.. in Ire'ligiips tvprsfyp.'' ? XJpon.this asseition j join. issue.. 'with you,' I will prove from the. words of Scripture that you are!wrona:.!; Before doing so, however, I must! clear away some of the rubbish and falsehood with twhich y'oui have surronnded, the question. W.ith ? your stupid illustrations, - taken ' from . the writings of tha avowed enemies of the Church, as I said before, I have', nothing to do ; my present object: being simply to show that the use of images in religions worship is .not unscriptural, and that, .therefore, your assumption that it is derived from ;' healthenism' isfalse. You give uswhat you call a translation of a passage from, the .' Canons and ?Deerefis'. of the Counoil of Trent, into which you have quietly, but none the less maliciously, slipped the- -word 'worshipped' in order to make it appear that the Council l authorised the worshipping vf images. But I deny your translation to be a correct .'one;: at all events this is the translation we receive, and this is the practice we as Catholics are tattght.:-;rThe Council of Trent says — ' The images 'of.^phrist,-. of 'thej.yirgin-mother;. of God,i and the oth(r saints, are to .'he kept and retained, particularly in the churches, and due honor and' veneration is to be. paid, them :' hot that we believe 'tb^era is any divinity^ or power in them, for which- we respect them, or , that. trust is to be pbccd.Ta them, as the heathens of old trusted in their idols.' - (Sess. xxv.) 'Now there is nothing here about worshipping',, ,m-i~ doRs the; Church teach, that image's aa,,yoH.' boldly assert, are to- be worshipped. You -aftsert that the Catholic Church for the purpose of ' re taining, the ..use of images in religTous worship,' when1^itjs'at all'safe f»V it to ;take such a step erases, the second commandment wholly from the decalogue.' And- in proof of- this assertion you give us a couple ot extracts from Butler's and Bellarmine's Catechisms. With respect; to Butler's Catechism you know very, well that it is merely a rudimental work, intended for the use of children of a very tenderage, and containing only the heads of Christian doctrine; if you had,; gone, a little further into it than you have done, you would bavo found th'e following questions and answers, but of' course it would : not have suited your purpose to introduce them into your Lecture :— ,'Q. Why do Catholics kneel before the. images -of. Christ and his saints? — A. . To honor Christ' arid his saints whom these images represent* 1 'f'Q.. May we then pray tp the: crucifix, or to the. images or Telics of the saints ?— A.' By no ;me'ans;; for they have neither life, nor sense, nor ipqwer to hear or help us. ' . ?'...' I ' Q. Why then do we. pray before the crucifix and .before the images and relics of the 'saints? A.. iBBoaiisfe'they errliven our. devotion^- by exciting, ipious affections and desires, 'and by- re'miri'ding us of (Cbrif^t a^nd .his saints: they also encourage. us to jirnitaie their, virtues and good worksi'' ??' I 'But if you had been desirous, as you profess, of letting only the truth be knonn| you 'had. no occa 'sipn (p quote either from Butler's or Eellarmipe's. 'catechisms. .. You could have \taken' the1 'Short jCatechism' in use iu the schools of theC61bhy,and published by 'the authority of our. Archbishop some Jeightieenjor twenty years ago, 'in, 'which you, would 'havelfouiid the following :— -.'?;- :;- i :'?:?'?? y'Gi. How rasuy commandments are there? ' A. ; ij' ^. ^yho_ gave the ten commandments I . A. God himself in the old law, and Christ conftwrfed them jih th&n;'e'w. ? ? .???'';.- : '? (U-; . ???. . 1 ;J'qI Which is the first co^a^rdi^ijtf?' ' A. I iatn. tfie Lord, thy God, who brought)tbearf-ut of. the !l5Jid*of*Eg'y.pt, and out of the housa^iO^: bondage; iThou shalt not have any strange gods'before me. Thou slia'lt not make to thyself any1 gtaven' thing, nor the likeness of anything that is in heaven above, !or ini.thejearth beneath, or in the waters under the 'earth; thou shalt not'adore them nor serve them.' ' 'This is a s'ifHcient answer to you', but to »o a little fiirther. You know as well as I dbfc.thaS in. the !tran8lation of the Bible commonly L called the :'Douay Version,' sanctioned by ; ecelessiasttc'al autnority ana usea by all .British' Uatholics the whole 'of the commandments atagiven at length' and thje first, apart of which you say is suppressed, reads thus.: — ' I am the Lord thy God who brought thee out of the land ofEgypt, and out of the house of bondage. ..Thou shalt not have.strange gods before me'. Thou-tsHalt not make to thyself a graven th^ng, nor tjje iikeness of anything that is in heaven iab:8\?^r'nh.the earth beneath, nor of those things that are in the water under the earth. Thou shalt not adore them nor serve them ; I am the Lord thy God,; mighty, jealous visiting the iniquity of the ifatherg upon. the children; to the third and fourth generation of them that hate me ; And shewing mercy unto thousands to them that love me and keep ray commandments.'— ^iJrod. xx. 1. 6. : Such then is the first commandment ^s translated jinto English and printed in our Bibles and many of our Catechisms. And I h*ave no hesi tation : in saying, that knowing as you , do ? this ito he the fact, you have been guilty of 'ufterting what is riot true for the a&te; pur i'fJOse of raising on ill-feeling' against your Ca ?tholic neighbours in the minds of the igno rant, and the. unreflecting of your own and other J^rotestant communions. And yet you call yourself £?' minister of the Gospel of Truth, and delight in styling yourself reverend, as if reverence or honor, or twor ship, could be paid to a convicted slanderer like you. Shame upon you ! again I say — shame upon jyou. I must nut, however, give way to. feelings of indignation, but proceed to shew that on this ground as well as on that of purgatory your abominabli charge is without the slightest foundation-. And in doing this I will first refer to the Scriptures and afterwards to antiquity, in order to shew the.untruth fulnoss of your Assertion ' that the use of images in {worship' was ' unknown in tho early church.' Sub sequently, to the giving of the ten commandments ; on ..Mount Sinai,, wp read thus:— 'And tho.Lord iipoke unto ' Motes, saying : -Frame an ark of setim , . ??„[?: ? '.. : .- .! :.o , . ? ,wpod, the lepgth whereof shall be of two cubits and a half; the,hrcarlth.a.cnbit and a half ; thelheight likewise a cubit and a haiif. ..And thou shalt overlay it with the purest goldwithin and without ; and over it thou shalt make a golden crown round about: and four golden rings, which thou shalt put at the tour corners of the ark ; let two rings be on one side, and two on tho: other. Thou shalt mako bars- of ieUm-wood, and shalt overlay them with gold. And thou shalt put them in through the rings that. are in the sides of the ark, that it -may be carried on them.; And theyishsllbo always in the rings, neither shall they'at any .timeibe. drawn out of them. And thoti shalt put in the ark the testimony which I will give thee. Thou shalt make also a. propitiatory of the. purest; gold; the . length , thereof shall, he ;two cubits and a half, and. the breadth a cubit- and a half.- Thou shalt mako also two' cherubim of beaten gold, oil the sides of the oracle. Let one cherub be on pne.side,,and the other on the other. Let them coyer both , sides of . the, propitiatory; spreading ?? their .wings and covering the oracle, and let them look one towards. the other, their faces being towards the pro pitiatory,' wherewith the ark is to be covered. In. which thou shalt put the testimony that I will give jthee.. Thence, will I give orders, and will speak to thee over the propitiatory, and from the midst of the two cherubim which shall be upon the ark of the 'testimony, all things which I will command the children of Israel by thee.' — Exod. xv. 10, 22. . . Now here, we fiad.that not only did God command Moses to. make two .images of cherubim, to be placed in the tabernacle for the purpose of religious wor» ship, but he expressly stated .that from . between these two irnages he would is?ue his .orders and commandments to .the children of Israsl;, thus at once sanctioning and commending the use of images in the old law for the verv iiiehest and holiest of purposes; and that this command was carried into effect, w£ find from the fact that ' Beseleel, the son .of Uri, the . son of. Hur, of the tribe of Judah,' whom the Lord had called by name and 'filled him with the spirit of God, with wisdom and under standing, and knowledge and all learning' (Exod. xxxv. 31) accomplished this work; for.' He made the propitiatory, that is the oracle, of the purest gold, two cubits and a half in length and a cubit and a half in breadth. Two cherubim also of beaten gold, which he set on the two sides of the propitiatory : One cherub on the top of one tide, and the other cherub on the top of the other side ; two cherubim at the two ends of the propitiatory. Spreading their wings, and covering the propitiatory, and looking one towards the other and towards it.' — (Exo.d. xxxvii. G.) And we find that as God had: ^.promised to speak to Moses from the 'midst of the 'two cherubim,' so he fulfilled his promise; for we read in the 89th verse of the vii. chapter of NumV bers, that ' when Moses entered into the tabernacle of the covenant to consult the oracle, he heard the ivoice of one speaking to him from the propitiatory .that was over the ark between the two cherubim, :and from this place he spoke.to him.'.. This,- 1: think, is pretty conclusive as to the use of images in religious worship. : But we have a still further proof of using images in the following instance — ' And the people.began to he weary of ;their journey and labour ; and speak - tug agaiuob vjuu auu -Tiusca nicy atuu * iihj uiusl thou bring us out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? There is no bread, nor have we any water : our soul now loathes this very light bread. Wherefore the Lord sent among. the people fiery serpents, which bit them and killed many of them. Upon which they came to Moses and said: We have sinned, because we have spokea.ttga«*t,the Lord and theoj pray that ho may take-»*S^ tbese ser-' pents from us. And Moses prayed for the people. And the Lord said to him — Make a brazen serpent, and set it up, for a sign: whosoever -being struck shall look on' it shall live. Moses therefore made a :bra'zen serpent and.^set it up for a sign ; which when they ,'that were bitten looked upon they were healed;'— Numbers, xxi. 4 — 8.- Now. here we have not only an image made by the express command ol God, but an image, endued with miraculous ppwerB, ; What .say you to that, Mr.M'Intyre? Surely you will not deny the authority of Scripture with regard to images — in this, .particular ?. Surely you will not say that there is anything.' Heathenish' about this ?, At all events, our Saviour himself did not condemn it ; for in reference to this very matter he ?says :—£ As Moses lifted up the serpeni'.~in tht desert, so must the Son of Man be lifted'up; that ;whosever believeth in Him may not perish, but may have life everlasting.'— St. John, iii. 14—15. Again, we find that in the building of the .temple,*' as described in the sixth chapter of the. :third Book of Kings, Soloinoncpused many images ;of cherubim 'and other things' to be made of, and 'covered with, pure gold ; particularly two .large /images which he placed in the oracle ' in the midst' of the inner temple,' or the .holy of holies. See also Jo'shue, vii. 6 ; I,. Chronicles, chap, xxvii. v. 18 ; 11. Chron. iii. 10—1.3; Ezekiel, xli. 18— 26. These proofs from Scripture are 6lifEcient, I think, to shew that the introduction of pious inidges and. pictures into our churches is not derived from ' hea thenism,' but has, at all events, the sanction of the ,Holy Scriptures. ' The u«e of images,' you say, ' was unknown in the early Church.V Let us now see if this also is not a pure fabrication on your part, as baseless and ! as false as the other charges you have made. . St. Paulinus, about .tlie year 430, writes, ' That church in Jerusalem, ; most richly. fornamented, possesses the cross, which the Bishop®' that city, every year ;at the .season of Paii'lialjjfsolemnity, exhibits to be adored by the people^' after the Bishop himself has first performed his act of pro found veneration.' : St. Sophronius, who was Patriarch of Jerusalem in 639, attests that the holy cross was exposed to the veneration of the faithful in the middle of Lent. ? St. Cyril of Jerusalem (about the year 318) in his 10th Catechesis, No. 19, expresses his religious veneration for the wood of the true cross, and says that in the few years since its .discovery by. St. Helena, it had ' filled the whole earth, particles of it having been carried, out of devotion to Christ who suffered on it, to every country in the Christian world.' 'The ancient and public veneration (or adoration | as it was called) of crosws, representing the cross ol Christ, on Good Friday, in the Litin Church, is described in lite Sscratorciiiry ol Pope Gelasius, (about 402) and »!w in tint'. -4 Pope Gregory about a ceutary later; alw, in lit Ordy Ro'inanuS, which first appeared l'A lulu \:a.u Uis lime -jf St^Gr^gorji and contained the order of the ritei and ceremonies observed in the C'burch of Rome. ?'. 'In tbe aucieat Ordo Rornsnus the. following^ directions are given for the ofiice.on G'ooid Friday . ' After the prayers the crosi is prepared in front ol1 the altar. The Bishop copies and adoring the cross kisses it. (adofaluin deo&culatur; crucem) ; then thi' priests, deacons, subdeacons, and others in order, after them the people. The Bishop sits down on his seat until all have offered their salutations But the two first priests, as . soon as they, have saluted (the cross) enter the sanctuary, or the place whe^e the body of the Lord, which remained from the, day before, was deposited j they, put it 011,1)1 (.; paten .. ''.'.' . and carry it .with. the. chalice, conr taining tinconsecrated wine/ and place it on the altar. ,.-i . W.hilst the.Bishop.or the.peopleare saluting the cros3, the.anthem is continually sung— i ,' Behold the wood of the Cross, on which the salva tion of the world was suspended, come let ua adore.' ; 'It is hence obvious,, that the devout practice prescribed in the Roman Missal,'- of shewing a rela tive veneration to the Cross on Good Friday, in honour of Christ who died for us on a crosB :that day, : is perfectly conformable to the religious practices of the Eastern. and Western Churches, from the early ages of Christianity.' — Pointer's Evd. Appcn. Note G., pp. 1 88-189. Thus,, sir, you see that the beautiful and solemn ceremony which yon, and your - equally bigotted ?authority, the Rev. William Newman Hall, have so impiously asserted to be rank idolatry, is as ancient as Christianity j the very same offices and cere monies have been gone through, and the self same words uttered by the Bishops and the priests; not as you would have usheliove, some two or three centu ries ago, only but as we see by positive-proof and di rect evidence from within two hundred years from the Apostolic age ; and there can be little doubt in the , mind of any reasonable man, that these practices and ceremonies had descended to the people of those days from the Apostles themselves. Your assertion then ; that these practices were unknown i to the early church is as false and unfounded as the many other irreverent and reckless ' chaTges contained in your Leoture. You assert too that the use of images is a doctrine of the Church, which is quite as false as the ..rest of your assertions. It is : merely a practice, but your prejudiced, eyes are unable to see the . difference between doctrine and practice, and so for your benefit, as well as for that of others equally ignorant, 1 will conclude ihis part of the subject with an extract from a most learned, and pious Bishop of our Church, the late Right Reverend Doctor Milner, Vicar Apostolic of the Midland District in England, he says — ' I must not forget one important use of pious pictures, mentioned by the holy Fathers, namely, that they help to instruct the ignorant. - Still, it is a point agreed upon among Catholio Doctors and Divines, that the memorials of religion form no essential part otit. Hence if you should become a Catholic, as I pray God you may, I shall never ask you, if you have a pious picture or relic, or so much as a crucifix in your possession : but then, I trust, after the- declarations I have made, that you will not count me an Idolator, should you see, such things in my oratory! or study, or should you observe how tenacious I am of my orucifix, in particular. Your - faith and devotion may not stand in need of such memorials; but. mine alas! do. I am too apt to forget what my Saviour has done and suffered for me ; but the sight 6f his representation often brings this to my memory, and affects my sentiments.. Hence I would rather part with most of the books in my Library, than with .the figure of. my crucified L ird.'— End Cont. Part III., Let. xxxiv. '?- '? We will now turn to your ' only further illus tration of the heathenism of Popery, the ' subject of relics,' which you again assert to be a ' doctrine of the Church.of Rome,' though it ib not, but merely a practice, I shall not take very long, to refute this third calumny. You assert there is nothing in the Bible to warrant the use of religious memorials. I assert that there is ; and if I produce my proofs from the Scripture, I upset your assertion and prove its utter falsehood. My first proof is from the xvi. chap, of the Book of Numbers, v. 3G. et. seq. : — ; ' And the Lord spoke to Moses, saying : Command Eleazer the son of Aaron- tho priest to take up trie cencers that lie in the burning, and to scatter the fire on one side and the other ; because they are sancti fied in the deaths of the sinners ; and let them beat them into plates, and fasten them to the altar, be cause incense hath been offered in them to the Lord, and they are sanctified, that the children of Israel may see them for a sign at{d a memorial. Then Eleazer tbe priest took the brazen cencers, wherein they had offered, whom the burning fire bad devoured, and beat them into plates, fastening them to the altar : that the children of Israel might have for the time to come, wherewith they should be admonished, that no stranger or any one that is not of the seed of Aaron should come near to offer in cense, to the Lord, lest he should suffer as Core suffered, and all his congregation, according as the Lord spoke to. Moses.' Again, 'the Lord said to Moses : carry back the rod of Aaron into the taber nacle of the testimony, that it may be kept there for a token of the rebellious children of Israel, and that their complaints may cease from me lest, they die.' (Num. xvii, 10.) Now, I .should like to know what were the rod of Aaron, and the plates beaten out of the cencers of Core and Dathan,but religious memo rials or ' relics' ordered by, the Almighty himself to be placed ih'th'e most holy tabernacle to remind the children of Israel of the .faults into' which they had fallen, and to induce them to take heed for the future. In fact these things were used in the tabernacles of the ohosen people of God in those ancient days, in precisely the same manner and for the same purposes, as the relics or memorials of holy men andwomen of the Christian Church are used by us. But to end this matter and not to multiply quo tations, I will conclude this subject by an extract from. a little work of Catholio. Instruction, entitled ' The Christian Doctrine explained ; with suitable admonitions,' which was written principally for the instruction and guidance of the unlearned and labouring classes : — I will extract the whole section as it shews explicitly what is the practice of the Church with regard to relics: — ' Thou shah not have strange godt before il te.' — '.Does not this command ment forbid us to honor saints and angels t — By no means ; it only forbids us to give them divine honor. —Instruction — No one surely can be so weak as to think that. the Church teaches us to believe that the angels and the saints are God, or that we honor them as God. Yet certainly some honor is due to them ; for does not St. Paul say, that we must give honor to whom honor is due. To whom then is it due ? To kings, and those in authority under them Honor the .king, because his power is from God. And again, if, as St. Paul says, honor and glory is due to every one uilio tvorketh good : and as civil honors may be lawfully given to men in this life, in proportion, to their rank ind dignity ; rwith how much greater reason is it not due to the vittuous and holy, and still more to the blessed iu heaven, in consideration of their near union with God, which places them in the most eminent state that can pos sibly be conceived. Thi3 honor, however, wholly centres in God, to whom they: arp indebted for all .the graces they receive in this life, as well as the i glory they now enjoy; hence it appears, that the honor we pay to the blessed, is wholly referred to God, to whom they ow.e their excellence; {Praise the Lord in his saints j) and hence the reason why we implore their intercession, not doubting but that in God they sea all. our. wants, and in their beatified state h&ve; more interest with him to grant what we pray for, and greater charity to excite them to it, for charity never failcth (1. Cor. xiii. 8.) It is on the 1 same grounds that we honor the relics of the saints 1 % practice as ..aqefent as. Christianity itself, because I their. .bodies were members qf .Christ, nud.temples of | the Holy Ghost, in which a thousand^ sacrifices of, love and adoration were cffeiedto God, and -will hereafter rise' in glory: Hence it was ever esteemed ' a great treasure by the inhabitants of any city or , place, to have the bodies of the saints and martyrs ? to repose among them. They thonght it;beneficial both. to their souls and bodies ; to their bodies by the frequent cure of diseases, which were performed by the saint's relics; to their souls, as the sight of the . saint's bodies enshrined there, was the most striking monument they could have of them, continually re- , minding them of the holy works they did. amongst them wilst living ; the -faith and doctrine they! taught; their virtues, mortifications, , charities, , humility, purity, Sec. |. How then, can we refuse to venerate these holy relics, since we see God -usesj them, as instruments, to work so many miracles and^ prodigies in the Church) by the cute of diseases, and even raising the,.deaa to life? Did not thej handherchiofs and aprons which only touched the vody of St. Paul, cast out. devils, and cure all diseases 1 ; (Acts; xix. 12.) And was not a dead man raised to\ life only by touching the bones of the prophet Iiliseust ( iv. Kings xiii. 21.) They must then be strangely prejudiced, who thinK there can be ' any idolatry in this pions practice, for did not the martyrs die to overthrow idolatry, and the saints preach zealously. against it ? Then those who vene rate their relics cannot surely he idolators, but, on the contrary, by that very action they show that they are of the same faith as the Saint waa whom they honor; and by honoring.the saint, they.express their detestation of idolatry, and venerate the very dust of those-!to-'wriom, under God, they owe their faith and religion.'' ' ' ., Thus, sir, I have gone through the whole of your Lecture, and have shewn most clearly that your charge of 'heathenism' is as unfounded as His un charitable. This I have proved and I have proved it from the Scriptures alone. It will not do for you to say that I have not interpreted the Scriptures aright, because your rule of faith is the Bible and the Bible only interpreted by each one's private judgment, and as I take my judgment to be quite equal to your, own, I hare by your own rule, exer cising my judgment with a' sound discretion, read ing and interpreting the Bible for myself, clearly, shewn the falsehdoa- of your assertions and the baseness of your charges against the Catholic Church. In doing this I have avoided all attackB upon the creed of ?any person or sect, I have merely . defended my ovta, and shewn that although you : profess to be a Minister of Truth, you have, wilfully and malignantly out of sheer enmity to the Church of God placed yourself in the position of a false witness, a sin at all events as heinous as that with which you charge the Catholic Church. It may be thought by some that in this answer to you I have used language somewhat harsh, but I do not think I have been more severe than the occasion required ; you have spoken of the Faith of the Church as ' baptized heathenism' and with evident complacency and satisfaction you have over and over again dwelt upon the phrase ' Heathenism of Popery,' until it appears to have become to you as familiar as a ' household word.'' You have not only grossly misrepresented our faith, but with equal recklessness you have insulted ourselves, and therefore in a'ddressing.myself to you, I did not see the necessity for me to step out of my way to call choice and dainty words that might drop with honied sweetness on the ear. I do not think I have been unnecessarily severe, and every candid man who reads your JLecture must- be ot a similar opinion.. i» have only to hope' that should you ever again take up your pen to- enter (he lisle of controversy, either with ^our Catholic .neighbours, or with any others who may differ from you on religious principles,' you will be guided by a more 'charitable spirit than you have hitherto displayed, and try to substitute sound argument for vituperation and abuse. O Holy Chuich of Rome ! sublime and pure ! Safe is thy Rock — thy doctrines how secure ! Thy sacred Founder, with Almighty hand, Thy deep foundations laid, and bade thee stand . Firm and unyielding to remotest time, In every age -he same— in every clime. Two thousand years have nearly winged their flight, And sunk into the oblivious womb of night, Since fiist thy Maker fixed thee on thy Rock, And bade thee brave hell's never-ceasing shock. ! And yet thou stand'st unblemished, holy, fair, . As wlien thy Builder fi'st thy dome did rear. ' Nor shalt thou fail though factious men may rage, ' And leagued with hell eternal warfare.wage; Thy walls of adamant shall stand secure ', ; Whilst earth, and heaven, and sun, and moon endure. The weapons formed against thee nought prevail :* Shattered they fall, like leaves before the gale. 1 Christ's holy Church ! His spotless Spouse ait thou ! Then what can mar the beauty of thy brow ? Not Slander's breath, nor Envy's fiery brand ; . For Christ the Lord doth lead thee by the' hand. EDWARD JOHN HA WKSLEY. \\\ ' Waterloo, . ? . . . . Festival.of the Asssumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, 1860. 