CHURCHSOCIETY*.--ANNÜAL ." .MEETING. Tra annaal meeting of tba Ch arah SfMletr WM haiti list erening et tba School- room, Ca-Vllereagh-atreet. Abottt 70 persona wera present. His .lïxcellency (bet Oovernor-Ganeral was on the platform, .wt 0 or IO clergymen. The chair waa taken by the* Dean of Sydney, at twenty minu'.ea past aeren, and' the pro- ceedings commençai with prayer, titer which tie Dem expressed his regret that it had become necessary in tho absenoe of their Bight Reverend President, to bc'lat they annual meeting of tba Church Society. It was, low erar, fais lordship's desire that the meeting shoal*? bey held ahoat tbe asaal time, to furnish authenticated in- formation to the members of the Church concernii.'a? what had been done, and to urge npon them renewed and increased exertion. He did not feel well enough to be there, and wonld only present one or two) thoughts to them. Those who were acquainted with the state of the Chnroh of England in Ibis colony 90 years ago, would remember that at that time they had only 1 archdeacon, 16 clergymen, and 7 churches in New Sontb Wales. Sines it pleased God to gire them in 1830, a bishop, the Church had made great progresa. The number of the clergy had risen to 170, before the death of the late bishop, end at that tima there wera 140 charchas. The one biahoprio had been divided into six, and ons more had since been added. There could not be lesa than 370 clergy. ' men in the province of Australasia. Great progress had been made in this diocese since the ' arrival of the present Metropolitan. The blessings God had'given them entailed responsibility. He expected them to be more realous and devoted to His canse. - Tbete was a necessity of endowments for the Charon, The members the Chnroh of England contd not exercise a wiser foresight thin in making provision for the sap. port of the ordinances of religion, independently of ure. carious and uncertain voluntary efforts from year ta year. He regretted the absence of their secretary. Canon Allwood, on aooount of illness. In his absence, he called on the Rev. E.Rogers to read the report. RET. E. BOQEHS then read the following : - " TOVBTH AMNViX EJEPOBI Or THE CHUBOH SOCIBXT fOB THE DIOCESE OT SYDNEY. " The Committee of the Cburob Society present their annual report for the year 1859, with mingled feelings of gratitude and anxiety. They have great reason to Bive thanks to Almighty God for that which He has per. milted them to do, while the increasing difficulties con- nected with their work make them désirons of impress, ing upon their subscribers and the members of the Chnroh ot England generally, the great need which ex. ists for more aetive and united efforts than haye hitherto been made." " Tbe financial report shews an increase apon tbe in. come of thc previous : e ir. " The total amount to the credit of the Bociety last year, inolnding a balanoe of £1310 3s. 7d" was £8313 18s. 8d.. This year, with a smaller balanoe of £305 la. ld., tho total amount is £8093 Os. 4d. " There bas been.en increase ander the reBpeotivo heads of subscriptions, donations, and obnrob collections lor the general fund, and also for stipends for Ihe clergy, men, but a falling.off in the free contributions paid by BBBooiationB, while the som returned to associations under the two-thirds clause are largirin amount this year tban they have ever been. It ÍB very gratifying to know what through the in- strumentality of thia society the sam of «tOöOO haB been raised in varions parishes for the maintenance of their clergy, and that £1180 have been granted in varions sums for building churches end parsonages; but the growing tendenoy to reolaim two- thirds of the amount colleoted in the parishes cannot bat be regarded by the committee with anxiety when they consider the rapidly increasing claims whioh are being made upon the Church's efforts. « The withdrawal of the Legislature of the supple, rxentary grant towards the maintenance of the olergy and of the stipends for the chaplains at the geld fields bsa inoreased the demands npon the society's resources to a serious extent, and new gronnd can only be occupied by abandoning existing engagements anlese the asso- ciations throughout tbe diocese will endeavour to place larger funds at the disposai of the committee. It cer- tainly is not an equal distribution of the work of evan- gelisation to expect the more recently formed districts to provide their own church, parsonage, and stipend for a clergyman, while others, without any effort on their own part, have for years enjoyed all these advantages. " The principle adapted tn the neighbouring diocese of Newcastle is worthy of nniversal imitation in oar own, and if avery parish new in reoaipt of a Government stipend, paid one-ball of that amount towards the main- tenance of the olergy in the unendowed distiicts, the work of the committee wonld be muoh more easy anti agreeable than it now is. "If a district becomes more than £100 in arrear, the stipend of the clergyman is discontinued, and occasions of a painful natara have arisen in whioh the enforcement of this rule b as been attended with serious inconveni- ence to tbe clergyman. " If the funds of the soeiety would permit the com. mittee to grant one-third of the clergyman's stipend in aid of the local efforts, such cases need not ocour. The committee would again repeat their appeal of former years to the clergy and laity of the endowed parishes, and arge apon them the strong claims which their brethren, less fortunately placed tban themselves, bave apon (beir sympathy and assietanoe. And your com- mittee are of opinion that the people will seldom be found backward when the olergy are willing to ori- ginate and direct an association. " The committee ere well aware of the many and onerous local claims opon the parishes, and rejoice in the evidences of activity and liberality which are every- where to be seen ; bat knowing as they also do, the argent and necessitous olaims ot the distiicts for which they plead, tbey trnst that their importunity will be exensed if they suggest that no parish san be BO ex. ha usted by efforts to supply its own wants as to bs nn able to contribdte something to the fonds of tho Church Sooiety. " It in evident that tba soeierv hen rinne vnneh in MT. tending the ordinances of religion in this diocese, and that it only lacks the more liberal support of tba mern« bera of the Church of England to do all that is needed in the way of external organisation. "The number of associations is now sixty-four ; in nine parishes in the diocese nothing has been done for the society, " Tbe lollowing ia a list of the associations :-1. St. James' has sent its asnal free contribution of £300. 2\. St. Philip's bas increased its contribution, being £130, instead of £103 for last year. 8. Holy Trinity contributes less than 18S8, £60 19j. only being sent, of wbioh two-thirds is reclaimed. 4. St. Paul's, Redfern, Bends £105, with peculiar claims npon its local re. Bources arising out of the Waterlro Sohool Chnrch. C. Newtown sends a collection of £7 11s. 0. Cook's Uiver, a collection of £7 10B. 7. St. Michael's, Surry Hill», returns tbe amount paid for a clergyman's stipend, and £40 Os. Od., as a free contribution. 8. St. John's, Darling- hurst, also returns a stipend and sends a church collie tion of £34 7s. Sd. 0. St, John's, Bishopthorpe, has not sent any free contribution. Burwood sends £38 ls. 10d., and Enfield, £3 2s. lld. ll. Ashfield, a collection of £3, 12\. Byde sends £0 2>. ld. 13. St. John's, Parramatta, from the Association, £232 16s., of which two-thirds is reclaimed, and a collection of £20 4s. lld. 14. All Saints', Marsfield, free contributions to the amount of £88 Du. 7d. IS. Penrith, Eran PlainR and Castlereagh., By means of this association, and a grant of £100 per annum, from the Church Society, the stipend of tba clergyman of Emu and Castlereagh is paid, 16. Fscm Mulgoa and Greendale, a fres contribution of £38- 18s. 17\. Cobbeedee and narellan, also a free contri- bution, amounting to £34 17s lOd, 18. Erena Camden, a collection of £0 Os. 2d. 19. St Matthew's . Windsor, a free contribution ameunting to £00. Hs. 7-*'* 20\. Biobmond, a free contribution of £88 Ils. 8d., and a collection from the Kurrajong of £5 11s. Cd. 31. Pitt Town and Wilberforce, af ÖB 13s. 6d, 22. Wollongong £00, of which two-thirds bas been reclaimed, end also a collection of £5 17s. 7d, S3. Bathurst retajan £258 for a curate, and sends a collection of £5,12s, 8d. 24. Kelso, j£48 13s. 10d., a portion of which, two-thirds, is reolaimed for the repair of the church, ot O'Connell Plains. 25. From Mudgee, »2122 12s. 6<V his been received in acknowledgment of the assistance given by (be society, of interest upon a loan, for tba erection of . their new church. 26. From Ionisa Greek. j?13 10s. 8d. has been received.. 27. From Carcoar, £B 12*. 28. From Orange end Molong, and th* Bogan, £320 178.64.. towards stipend. From tho association, £23 Ils. Od.. and a collection of £0 2s. ; from Molong, £S. 29. From. Canberra, CO ls. ld. ; from Gundaroo, £4 18s. lld. 30\. From Queanbeyan, £30 IBs., and Bungendore, £3 10s. 6d. 31. From Tass, one-third of assodaliun, fund, £18 8s. 2d. 32. From Bungonia, nothing has been received in 1859. 33. Bombala repays the clergy- man's stipend, .34. Paddington repays tbe stipend, and sends a free contribution of £18 IBs., and a collection of £20. 25. Prospect sends a collection of £& Ts. SB. ?Willoughby, bea contributions amounting to £40 Os. 5d. ST. Cooma contributes to the stipend of the clergyman, and sends £7 Ss. di. collection. 38. Braidwood, £29 ls., of which two-thirds is reclaimed. 39. Araluen, £33 6s. Od., of which two-thirds is reclaimed, and a collec- tion of £5 4a. 40. Campbelltown, £J6 15t. 4d., free contributions. 41. Dapto, a collection of £17 lös« 42\. Gfealbnrn repays the stipend of a clergyman, and sends- collections lunonuUng to £%i 14s. 43. St.l*-»> !* ? STOW, airea contribution, £880«. Bà. 44. Jamberoo, £103 % l/l. Act, for stipend, ind . collection of £7 3s. 3d. I «ts. Prom the diitrtat of Eden, Panania, and Bega, £169. S 8a. Od. towards stipend, and collections from Bien, £3 ! 17«.; Pinball, £7 Os. Sd.; Bega. £13 4s. lOd. 48. f Tumut, Gundagai, and Adelong, £103 Us. Od. towards stipend, and from Tomat, £0 IBs. ; and Oandigai, £7 7s. ld. collections. 47. Wellington paid £70 only for stipend in 1859, £4 19a. ld collection. 49. Dubbo, Jt7B for one quarter's stipend, £8 13». 6d. oolleotion. 49. Pyrmont paid only £57 17». for stipend in 1850, and £0 10a. collection. 60. Kiama, for nine months towards stipend £108 8s. Od., and £f> oolleotion. 81. Shoal, haven, £90 3s.; Ulladulla, £89 16s. towards stipend. SQ. Hartley, £100 towards stipend. S3. Albury. £300 6a. 4d. for stipend, £4 ls. Od. oolleotion. 64. Wagga \- Wagga, £373 13a. for stipend, £10 10s. collection. 65. Bylstone, £193 IDs. 8d. for stipend, tl 8s. loi. for oolleotion. 06. Waverley end Bindwiok have paid up the foll amount of the minister's stipend, besides which the Waverley Auxiliary has made . free contribution of £03 12s,, and the Randwiok Auxiliary of £43 8s. Sd. 07. Hunter's Hill, £186 13s. ~7d. for stipend. 08. Lachlan distriot, for stipend, £193 3s., collection £10 10s. 69. Abercrombie, for stipend, £34 16B. 00. St. Barnabas, oolleotion £0 10s. 61. liverpool, Holsworthy and Moore college, £8 10s. 7d. -03. SU Mark's, Bailing Point, collection £06 4s. 3d. 63. Berrima, collection £7 13s. lld. 64. Smithfield, oolleo- tion £3 16s. ld. "The sum of £0 16s., oolleoted in St. Andrew's parish, has been handed in by Mr, James Powell. The contributions from these associations have in the ma- jority of InstanoeB been less this year than last ; some '-«mounts have been reoeived in 1860 on account of 1839, and a Hat of these will be found in appendix A. s " It is found absolutely neeessary to olosethe accounts .t the end of the year. " The work of the year 1859 will be found greater in amount, «nd not less in interest, than daring any -former year of the society's operations, end although the Church Society can only olaim the ?privilege of assisting rather more thin half of the -churches and ohuroh schools, they have reason to be- lieve . soma of those efforts to whioh they have not diraotly contributed owe their suoceaa to the influenae exercised by the sooiety. " A chronological history of theprooeedings in connec- tion with ohuroh building may first be given, to be fol- lowed by an alphabetical list of the ohurohes, their % accommodation and cost. Si. '. On the 13th January, the new stone ohuroh at Kiama, m named Christ Chnroh, was consecrated, the Chnroh >M Sooiety contributing the interest apon a loan for one SS year. Ü "On the ST th February, tbe new stone ohuroh at m Hutley was opened for divine serrloo ; here also the m .? Charon Society payB the interest apon tho loan. I " March 3rd.-The School Chnroh at South Gundagai 3 was opened for service. The Church Sooiety lent £100, j. - without interest, towards the ereotion ef this building, !, The loan is now repaid. ; ; " March Oth.-The School Churoh at Five Dook waa .-* . opened. T' <> Maroh 24th.-The first stone of the caw church of % Paddington waslaid, the Churob Societyconlribating£80. m "April Uth.-The new church at Pitt Town was con. ?f seorated, the Churoh Society having contributed £160 g . - towards its ereotion. I "April 13th.-The new ohuroh at Wilberforce was S . consecrated, towards whioh the inhabitants contributed A liberally. The new ohuroh at Albury was opened for sf performance of divine Bervice. It is unfinished, and I the cost is borne solely by the inhabitants. Si " Easter.-The first atone of a new church at Timm a, Í- near Goulburn, was laid. " May 1st.-The Waterloo School Church was opened, \- built at a cost of £430, the sooiety contributing £300. \- " May Uth.-The School Church at Petersham was . . ? opened, towards whioh the sooiety contributed £38. " May 33rd.-The first stone of a small ohuroh was I ' laid at Enfield, North Riobmond. I ' "In ¿Tune the new church, st Wagga Wagga was com. j ' menoed, and on the 10th of the same month the churoh . at Deniliquin was openpd for divine service. > "In July the foundation of the enlarged church at ; » . Queanbeyan was laid. > The sooiety contributes £30 per annum, for four years to this building, ' " Joly 17th.-The school buildings, to ba used also as a ohuroh, at Gunning, vere BO far oompleted, as to enable the inhabitants to assemble for divine service. The so. . oJety contributed £360 to this building. " On the 13th of August the additisn te the churoh of St. Stephen, Camperdown, was opened. The eooiety . contributed £00 to this enlargement. " On tba 3nd of Ootober the Sohool Chnroh, at Corn- wallis, near Elchmond, wes opened. Here, also, the eooiety bad contributed £100. "On tbe 34th of the same month the first stone of the new ohuroh at Barwood was laid, and on the follow, in g day the Kev. E. B. I»roctor commenced a Sobool ' Church at Windellimi, in the distriot of Bungonia, to which the sooiety contributed £40. "On the 6th November, the first stone of the new ; . ohuroh at Sutton Fore t was laid, the societj guarantee. ;, lng the interest on a loan. ; "On the 37th of the same month tbe new ohuroh o' -St. Matthias, Bombala, was opened by lioense. The society oontributed £130 towards the cost of its ereotion. I \ "On tbe 16th of December, the new ohurch of St. r " Miohiel's, Wollongong, was ojnseorated; and on the i ' 18th a school chapel of ease was opened at Fairy Meadow, ; . in the same parish, towards whioh the Church Society gave a small contribution. In that month also the foun f dations of two atone ohuiohes were laid in the dittriot of Goulburn, at Kippelaw, and Tarago, with a Bimilar pro -ceeding in tbe suburbs of Goulburn,' making four addi, tionat places of worship in that distriot commenced within twelve months. "Tba record of this ye jr's proceedings closes on the .28th December, on whioa day 'ha new church of St. * Mary's, Balmain, was opened for Divine service, the cost being defrayed solely by the inhabitants. At Collector 'tbe foundation of a new churoh was also laid ; and at Jerrawa, in the «ame distriot, a small churoh was opened, the dates not given. Since the commencement of the present year also the chuiohes of Mudgee, Molong, and Canter bury have been opened.. To the first and seoond the \ Churoh Sooiety contributed ; the last, a very convenient '?' .and suitable stone ohuroh, was built entirely at the cost of one family, "Of thirty ohurohes, seventeen baye been opened -during tbe year 1809, the remaining thirteen are in pro igress. The following is Bn alphabetical liBt of them, and .«statement of the coat and accommodations : Name of Charon. Material. Coat. Aooomodo . tlon. Albury . . Stonaand granite £ÍS li SOO when [complots Balmain . . Stone Bombala . . Stone . . 035 150 Burwood . . Stooo . . Collector . . Stone Cornwallis . . Wood . . «09 10O Dubbo . . Brick . . 300 loo Deniliquin . . Brick . . 1S9S 170 Enfield . . Bi lok building . , ¡Fairy Meadow. . Wood . . 80 60 Five Sock . . Stone . . OOO ISO -Gundagai . . Stone . . SOO 100 «anning . . Brick and atone . 700 ISO Hartley . . Stone . . 1358 30O Jerrawa Kiama. Christ Chnroh Stone . . 1293 S10 Vlppelaw . . Stone . . 430 120 Newtown . . Brick and stons . 800 350 \- ? Paddington . '. Stone . . 3000 SOO 5 Petersham . .Brick and stons . 408 10O Pitt Town . . Stone . . list 100 T- . ' -Queanbeyan . . Steno . . 1800 400 when [Qnlabod Sutton Forest . Stone . . Terrago . . Brick . . 30O 10O Tiranna . . Stone . . 4S0 120 - Wagga Wagga . Btone Waterloo . . Wood . . 430 SOO .. Wilberforce . . Steno . . 1041 S30 Wlndolllma . . Stone . * 104 TO \- Wollongong . . Stone . . 40O "In all thirty, to seventeen of which tho Church \- . i Sooiety bas in various ways contributed. "Of these thirty places of worship, twenty-six are 'bnilt of Btone, or of brick and stone, and are substantial and generally ecclesiastical in their appearance. Eigh- teen have been opened daring the year, supplying addi- tional ohurch aooommodation to 3500 persons, at a cost, as near as can be ssoertoined, of £17,700. Tho other 'churches are, in nearly every case, proceeding satisfac- torily to a conclusion, and three have boen already opened this year. " The committee placo these reBults before their sub- scribers, thankfully'acknowledging the goodness of God, who has put it into the hearts of-the people to arise and build. To Him be all the gie ry. Much still remains to he done, and numerous applications are before the committee with which they are unable to comply. r "They trust that the above statement will serve to shew that, to their power, they have faithfully used the -trust committed to them, and that by the judicious appli- cation of their small funds they have bean enabled to assist, and, in some measure, to evoke, tho large contri huttons which have been made to churoh building in the dioeese of Sydney. " The committee notice with feelings of deep regret -the loss of four olergy men in the diocese by death-two -by fatal accidents and two after long and painful illness. In a comparatively small number of clergy these re- movals are painfully felt. The pisces of thosa who have gone from ns have been supplied, five clergymen having been added to the number already in the diocese. As, however, one has returned to Eogland ia the present year, sud two resigned their cures' in 1839, the number of the clergy bas on tba whola suffirai a slight Umina ti on. \- «* The BOT. E. Synge, having accomplished a Terr long and difficult journey, extending orer 4000 miles of conn, try, including the river Darling, bas now taken charge af the important parish and district of Tass. Upon his return from his ten months' journey tba committee passed the following resolution : » ' That the committee, understanding that the Ber. Edward Synge bas been appointed to the cbsrgs of the district of Yass, wish to place on record their sense of tba great benefits which have accrued to this society and the Church at large from his zealous and eoergetio labours in the Tirions journeys wbioh he has made in the remote districts of the diocese daring the last four years' *'Several clergymen have, during the past year, gone to different parts of the colony in order to oonvey infor. .nation to the members of tha Churoh of England con- cerning the operations of the society. The success which bas attended these efforts will induce the com- mittee to make arrangements for a repetition of these journeys through a greater part of the diocese. " The report of one of tba missionary clergy will ba found in the appendix, and will serve to oonvey to the readers a lively impression of the work of a clergyman in the interior, and of the manner ia whioh, by dili- gence and prayerful aotivity, the difficulties attending upon it may be overcome, " The withdrawal of the gold-fields ohaplainB' stipends has been a cause, of muob anxiety, and will, inevitably, lead to a diminution in the spiritual provision mada for the gold-miners, " The committee of the Church Society offered to dis- burse any funds subscribed for the purpose of paying the stipends oi the gold-fields chaplains, the number now being only two instead of three. Subscriptions have boon entered into, but have hitherto proved quit» insufficient in amount ; and, anissa some mora energetio. measures are taken to obtain subscriptions, the stipends will with diKcalty be continued. Your oommlttee ara persuaded that nothing bat personal solicitation for aid will obtain the neoessary funds, and they earnestly hope thjat the matter will be thus taken up by a committee appointed for the purpose. '? The gold-miners in tha Western Gold-fields and at the Araluen, will be able to contribute half the amount of the required stipends. "In oonolading their report, the committee would venture to plaoe on record their persuasion that the only available remedy for the various evils ander whioh the Society Buffers is to be found in the progress an t influ- ence of the Oospel of the grjoe of Goa. Wherever the good seed of the Kingdom is received, the fruits brought forth are righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. The thoras and thistles with wbioh the ground is en. onmberod will only be effectually removed av the earth ' receiveth blessing from God.' To seek this blessing seems to be the special duty of all who desire the well- being of their country and the salvation of their fellow mm. " Men's hoarts appear to be stirred ap to the exercise of this privilege in every part of the world, and that whioh the Lord hath put into their minds to ask, it ia doubtless His purpose to give. Your committee desire to feel more deeply than ever tho great importance and the real end of tbat work in whioh it has been their privilege to engage, and they believe that in proportion to the prayerful spirit in which it is carried on will be the measure of sucoosa vouchsafed to it. In this oon fldenoe they earnestly invito the assistance of all who believe that prayer is the key whioh nnlooks the abun- dant treasure of wisdom, grace, and blessing, which is laid up by God in His Beloved Son. May it please tba Lord God Almighty to pour down apon Ilia Churoh in these lands His manifold gifts of grace, that all bishops and pastors may diligently preach His holy Word, and the people obediently follow the same, that they may receive the orown of everlasting glory. Captain|BnowNE read the following'abitraot.of accounts j for the year ending 31st December, 1850 : Dr. 1858\. £ A. DM. 31.-To balança . . . . 383 1 To oash In secretary's hands . IO O OEBEIUT, FUND. 185». 8.*> To amount of subscriptions raoelvsd 393 IS 67 To amount of donatione reoeived . Ito 13 BS To amount of collections rsoslvad . (MT 13 ats l l . 13T0 17 10 84 To branch aasoaiations . . . l'l' .. , 83 To epeoial contributions . ¿-¿Ol 17 11 Sa To rent . . . , . ?»«.-. To balance, £318 10 8 OEHEBaX DIBBUBSKJONXS. Cr. ISM. i s. d. OB By granta towards pasaagsi and outfits and travelling expense! of olergy. men ..... 34 Dy two-thirds returned to certain branoh aaaooiatlona, und«r rule S VI By granta for building and repairing Oberohes. . . . . SIS 9 0 94 By granta for parsonage housoa . 80 0 0 73 By interest on loans to associations . 183 lil 8^ as By stipends to olergymen . .0308 19 0 71 By salariée to oatheohiata , .OIS" 6803 ? 0330 a 14 By conveyance of Smithfield glaba allotments 70 By Chinese Missionary, far booka 74 By payment for printing report . SS 0 By ditto for printing . . 37 O 73 By ditto for advertíalos . . 31 19 31 By poaul and incidentals . . 31 14 33 By sa'ary-lay aeoretary . . SOO O Balança .... - 308 IO 8 Cash in lay secretary's hand . . IO O O H. H. B BOWNS. ) Kombera of - 318 10 L« G. K.INOKLOW. ftheFinanoe ? On«. KUMP. ) Committee. £eW3 0 4 Audited and compared with books, 34th May, 1800. His Excellency tho GovERNon-GENEHü moved the first resolution on the adoption af the report. The adoption and circulation of the report, his Excellency said, involved their approval ol the report and the reso lutions it contains. Ho regretted the scanty attendance. It might, however, be accounted for by various reasons. The stato ef the public health and numerous speoial en- gagements. But few as they were it became them to take this subject into their consideration. His duty was to lay before them a brief abstract of the report just laid before them. The report began by stating that the committeo laid the report before the society with mingled feelings of gratitude and anxiety. There have been no < less than thirty ohurches built daring the psst year, and , eighteen opened : ¡ti which 3500 sittings have been pro- vided at a cost of £17,000. That is a large outlay for a small colony Uko this, end it is a large outlay for the Btnount of benefit conferred ; for each sitting costs £0. In order to provide adequately for tho accommodation of tho people, they should provide £0 for every member of the church of England for whom accommodation was ; needed. The number of members of the ohurch in. eludes all baptized by the Church ; now looking to the modo in wbioh servioes are performed, sittings to tbs number of one-third of all the members of the Chaton would ba a sufficient accommodation-not at oil in ex. oess. There are 150,000 members oi the Churoh of England in the colony; they needed therefore sittings for 50,000, He did not know exactly how many sittings were provided, bot he was sure it wan nothing like that number. Ho thought the increased accommodation hardly equalled tho increase of population by births. Therefore, tbe committee are folly authorised to say that although grateful for assistance afforded during the past year, they have great oause for anxiety in looking forward to the future, as they are hardly able to meet the current demands of the church. The committed had alluded to one or two canses of anxiety. One was the inoreased tendency towards looal action in different pariahep. Ear be it from him (.tho Governor-General) to throw cold water on suoh action. He quite agreed with the members of different parishes that their first business ought to be to provide for their, own particular congregation. Bat he thought .they had a right to expect from tho parishes some increased ex- ertion. Local efforts ought not to exhaust all their re- sources. It was too often the case that when there was a demand for a particular object in a parish, a convul- sive effort was made for onoe, and then they thought they had done their doty, forgetting lhat their were other parishes in a similar situation. He wished to press on the members of the Churoh in different parishes that althongh it was their first duty to seo that the ser- vice of God was carried out in their own parishes, still as soon as that waa done there was a strong demandon their sympathy and assistance for those outlying parishes for whom, unless through tbe aid of more wealthy parishes they oonld hardly expect the means to be provided of oarrying oat the'ordinances of the Churoh. IThere was a suggestion in tho report to which he thought it right to call their attention. There are a great number of parishes which receive assistance from the State, from Schedule C, for religions parposss. Ia the adjoining diocese of Newcastle, such parishes repay into a general Church fund, half of what they receive from the public fonda. This ia done by some in this diocese. He believed, the parish of St. James's received £400 yearly from the State, and returned £300. [0. Kemp, Esq., being appealed to, repeated £200 only.j I Well t said bis Hxoellancy, wa do our duty in paying 1 £300 to the Church Society. The Church of Englanc draws £ls,00O from the schedule; most of the clergy mea receiving £300. If avery pariah receiving £¡0C from the State, paya to the society £100, there would b< a fund at the disposal of the saciety adequate to thc objects in view ; and it will be enabled to extend itt operations into the country far more widely than at present. He would observe with regard to tha gold districts-the Legislature had not thought it desirable to vote the necessary amount for the clergy on the gold- fields, and these clergymen had been thrown on the support of the Church generally. And the contributions raised were too small in amount, to justify the looiety in asking a dergyman to continue his ministrations. If they looked at the oharaoter of the people on the gold diggings, they would see bow little they could expeot them to contribute for services of which they know not tbs value. They are chiefly the earelesa and irreligious, who know not the value of religious in- structions. They know not what they lose when they go to the gold-fields, and lose the power of attending Churoh services. A man of this olass starts for the diggings, finds himself there among thousands all squally struggling for the mammon of unrighteousness which absorbs alL his thoughts. It oould hardly be expeated that they would contribute to services of which they knew not the benefit. It remained for the members of the Churoh of England to Bupply the wants of the people at the gold-fields. He called on them to supply the Churoh Society with the necessary funds for that purpose. There were only two clergymen at the gold- fields at present ; and he did not imagine the funds at the disposal of tba ssoiety would enable them tooontinue their services longer than three months. He appealed to them, the laity of (the Churoh-to them it belonged to dex ole their best energies to aid in the movements that are taking plaoe. The clergy hid their own duties to perform ; they bsd indeed more thrown upon them than they oould possibly perform. Tao laity think they have done sutBoient when they put their hinds in their pocket and take out a few pounds. That was not his view of the duty of the laity. They were ill members of the Churoh, stones of the temple ; it was their duty to do eioh their part, not merely listening to th« instruc- tion of tha olergyman, and putting money into the plate ; they had also a work to perform. Each head of a family, master, parent, had to look first to bis own children, than to his servants, then to neighbours, to see that they became members of the Churoh ; and to hold out to eaob other every possible assistance that they oould give to their fellow creatures. Laymen could take a far larger shara of work thin they had done. And till laymen do exert themselves mora, I look with anxiety, continned his Excellency, on the prospects of the Churoh. When the clergyman and als parishioners work hand ia hand, then the state of the Church will be m ii oh more prosperous. I pray that each member of the Churoh of England may strive to exert himself to bring others into connection with this sooiety, to aid in carrying out the hallowed objeots of the Church., (Applause.) Hov. WILLIAM Hon SON seconded, the resolution Se rejoiced to find that £9000 bad Been raised in the year by voluntary contributions, half of which is derived from Government resources. There was proof of some vitality in the Churoh. There was some enoauragemnnt in the result of the operation of the ohurches. The duty of a Christian Churob ia set before us in the words of Christ " Yo are the light of the world I" If we are the light of the world, we ara to " shine as lights in the world," by hoi lit-.g forth the light of the word. The Bpeaker then at some length illustrated the position ol a Christian and of a Church in the world, by the banoon fires which conveyed the tidings of tho captare of Troy ftom Asia to Greece. The light from Calvary, the knowledge of salvation through the atonoment had reached them. They were bound to light np the beacon of tbe Gospel, that distant perts of the world might learn the samo troths. Blab and poor might join in this work ; some might give a penny a week, some a shilling ; and those sums, if every one gaveaoeordingto his means would amount to a large sum. The end of the world is at hand; the Iteieemer is coming aiiain. And He whom we serve notices every act'on, and all our motives. If only they sincerely desired to further the causa of troth He knows their hearts and soys " Thou dii'st well that it was in thine heart." The resolution was then | put and carried unani- mously. Kev. G. H. MORETON moved the seo md resolution : - "That the work whioh this sooiety bat been permitted to carry on daring another year in providing for . the sup. port of the Ministry and operations of the Churoh de mands gratitude to God ; while the pressing appeals for fur.her assistance in tho work of Church extension calls for further exertion." Looking baok on the four years of this society's existence, and remembering the mis- givings ottered that the society would not outlive a year, they had reason to rejoice with thankfulness. They must all remember what was done in this diocese before the Charoh Society bogan. He referred at length to the devoted labours of the late Bishop Broughton. Yet there was a need of Buoh an organisation as this society; and it had already done muoh good. It bene- fited the committee. Those gentlemen did not turn aside from their counting-houses, and listen to appeals made for help from various parts of the oountry with- out feeling that there was something in religion. £0500 had been collected for the support of clergymen ; other suras for building churches, parsonages, &o.; Ministers must pass away and congregations too. Hut the temples erected would last for ages. Our fathers built the churches in whioh we heard the word of salvation. And in this colony we were called to do for future gene- rations what our fathers bad dona Tor us. ALEXANDER GORDON, ESQ , seoonded the resolution. The resolution divided itself into two parts. Mr. Moreton had spoken on the first, thankfulness. He I would speak on the neoessity of increased exertion. They nero not met to pass encomiums on themselves-, but to take some particular view of the work set before them. The view he took oa tho BU jeot included Cl) ? the great principia which should induce thom to ex- ertion: (8) the necessity for exortion : (3) tho mode of I making the most effectual eff >rt, (1) The great motive I oould not bat be evident. Wbatover the station eaob ono ooenpies, he bas a great work committed to him. We are not in an old country with established oustomB and institutions. The future will be impressed with the exertions put forth by eaoh individual. Eaoh member of the Churoh of England has a high duty to disohargo, whioh cannot be neglected witbont great wrong. (3) There is great neoessity for exertion, lt oould not be taken for gloated that people woald supply tbemsolvos with the most necessary things. The people who most need the benefit of religion were the last to seek it. He was lately called upon by a olergymrn who received a stipend of £200 from tho State, and all (hat his parish added to it was just £35. (3) How can we effectually extend our exertions? He recommended especially the making of the business of tho Church Sooiety part of the regular parochial work. He appeaUd to the example of the Free Clin rob of Scotland, and the Established Church also, in proof of what might be done in this way. He knew the zeal of the poorer members of the Church of England in anything connected with that Charoh. In collecting the offertory alms in the church, he often said to himself when he saw the liberality of working men. Do T do as muoh as that man ia doinj f Nothing made him hope more for the Charoh ia this colony than what waa done by tba working men in a well ordered parish. They had a great work before them; let them stand t >gether. The hope held out to thu great Hebrew statesman when an exile, and yet occupying an impor- tant post in another country, might animate them. Con- solation was given him in the promise of the day when tho work of every one shall be tried and rewarded. " They that be wise, shall shine in the glory of their Father ; and they that turn wrong to righteousness, as tho star for ever and ever." The resolution was pat. and carried unanimously. CHAULES Ktirr, Esq., M.L.A., moved the third reso- lution. He spoke of the great interest excited in the new gold-fields ; while others were hasting to send spirits and merchandise of all kinds there, he hoped the ! Churoh of England would send at least two ministers ¡ of the Gospel. The purport of the resolution was that, , in consequence of tbe withdrawal of State-aid from the ; gold-fields chaplains, a special effort was required on ! the part of tho members of thc Church, to meet the spiritual wants of the people there. I Rev. Mr. ALLWORTH seconded the resolution. He had spont four years at the gold-fields, and therefore j could bear witness to the truth of the resolution. I While many of the people at the gold-fields do not know I the value of roligious ordinances, if they did they would not be able lo support them. For most of thom ore I unsuccessful sad in debt. The gold-fields are a locality of peculiar trial to a clergyman ; those who are sent thither have a claim cn the sympathy and aid of every friend of the Gospel. The resolution was oarried unanimously. Captain MAIITIKDAXE then moved the fourth resolution, replacing tbe three retiring members of the committee hy the eames of the fol'owing* gentlemen- Alexander Gordon, Esq., J. Fowell, Esq., and the Honorable Mr. Justice Wise. Bev. HULTON KINO seconded the resolution, which was canied unanimonnly. The DEAN or SvojtEvmade a few concluding remarks, urging those present to seek to persuade others to for- ward the Sooiety. The extension of religion waa com I raitted to all of them. He then pronounced tba benedio . HOD, and the meeting terminated about 10 o'clock, 