REV. -DR. MURRAY OP MAYNOOTH. ON ' M. DE THOU VENRL'S OIRCUL AR. In introducing tho Very Rov. Dr.'s letter, the ?Nation Bays: — 'The subjoined powerful and eloquent letter, which has been communicated to us, needs neithor comment nor introduction nt our hands : ' — ?' ' ? College, Maynooth, February 22, 1860. Rev. and Dear ? 1 have received your letter, in which you request mo to givo my opinion, as a theologian, on tho rocont circular of M. Thouvcncl to the French diplomatic agents residing at the different courts of Europe. You say that there are sorno well-meaning but not well informed persons n— — — , whom you are anxious to enlighten on the subject. You think, moreover, that a few seasonable words might bo usefully published in this matter, and you ask me to put my thoughts in a form suited for publication. I read M. Thouvencl's letter several days ago : at a single glance I pierced to the very depths of hiB lies, his sophistry, hie hypocrisy, his un-Catholic doctrine. I am heart and soul in the great move ment that is now agitating the whole Ohuroh— and what true Catholic ia not? Though I wish you had addressed yourself to some one else far more capablo than I am of doing justice to the subject, I I at once answer your call, and, without another word of apology or profaco, fling myself into tho centre of the conflict, to do battle for the ' cauBO of God, of the Church, and of justice.' The fundamental principle, tho inspiring idea of thewhole letter, you have in the charge mado'against the Pope, that he has in his Encyclical 'trans- ported directly to the field of religion a question that, before all things, belongs to the temporal order.' , I. moot this sclu'3matical proposition with a direct and unqualiGod negative I have carefully read and re-read the Pope's Encyclical from begin ning to end; and I affirm that there is, not one word in it, from the first to the last, which in any way signifies or implies a transfer to the spiritual order of things belonging to the temporal order. I affirm that the declared prinoiplo of the Ency clical, and the decisions contained therein, are of a purely theological oharaeter. I affirm, not only that thore does not exist, but that , there cannot exiBt in the temporal order, any authority to reject or even to question those principles and decisions. If the Pope had undertaken to determine the purely political and temporal influence of the re bellion in the Romagna, lie would have opened a question belonging before all things to the temporal order, and his decisions would not challenge the obedience of faith. But the Holy Father has un dertaken nothing of tho kind. Ho has not wan dered one hair's breadth from the letter or the spirit of the great commission 'delivered to him, in the person of the Prince of tho Apostles, eighteen hundred years ago. He has pronounced on a question of natural and divine law, of which he is the unfailing guardian and divine interpreter. He has marked out the distinction botwoon the morally right and the morally wrong, between the Christian virtue that lifts up the soul of man and the deadly sin that damns it, between the theology of God and the theology of the devil and Count Cavour. The robellion in the Romagna was a rebellion against legitimate authority, a deadly sin againBt God ; and as such the Pope has donounced and condemned it. It was brought about, as has been over and over again demonstrated, by aliens, ene mies of everything sacred and pure. It was brought about by the foulest means, by intimida tion, by bribery, by slander of the blackest dye. With it rushed in a torrent of licentiousness, flood ing the whole land and carrying before it every barrier of public decency and privato morality. Does the correct nomenclature of men and deeds like these belong, before all things, to tho temporal power ? Is Cssar commissioned to teach the na tions what is according to God's law, and what opposed to it? Then, the Pope was earnestly requested to sur render the Romagna voluntarily, requested, for sooth, purely out of regard for his own welfare, and that of tho disaffected provinces, and with a view to the adjustment of great difficulties, &c.; Into whose hands were the surrendered provinces to fall ? Into the hands of Victor Emmanuel, King of Sardinia, and his faithful minister, Cavour ; tho two bitterest enemies and heaviest scourges of the Church of Christ now living on tho face of the earth. And by whom was this modest request proferrod? By ono who, never had vio lated his word or his oath ? By one who had never given proof of unbounded ambition and ra. parity P By ono who was at the timo freo from the imputation of close and dark connection with tho aforesaid Viotor and Cavour? By one who had not in former years taken any part in Italian rebellions ? By ono who, obovo all, was guiltless of any share in exciting tho existing rebellion ? By ono, in short, all whoso antecedents showed that he might be relied on as a model of veraoity, probity, simple and unselfish character ? I never read a sentence that moved my heart with dcopor emotion than that in whioh the brave old ?Popo announced to tho whole Church, that he would enduro any amount of Buffering, and meet death itself, rather than abandon the cause of God, of the Churoh, and of justice — 'Parati sumus illustria Jrrcodecossorum JNostrorum vestigia persequi, oxem pla asmulari, et aspero qunque et acerba perpoti, no vel ' ipsam animam poncre, antequam Dei, ?Eoolossia? ao justitim eausam ullo modo doseramus.1' This is tho rcsolvo-^-thus is the language of the true Pastor. This is the sound that goeth forth into nil tho earth : these aro the words of (burning light that flash into the onds of tho world, and sot every Catholic soul on fire, and livo forevor in tho annals and in tho memory of tho Church. Woll, tho Popo rofused to surrender his do minions. Liston to his reasons:— First, by com plying, he would violato tho solemn oath whioh ho took at his coronation. Secondly, he would de. prive not only HmBolf but his succesBors.of a part —a large and most valuable part— of those tem poral possessions which ho has himself repoatodly declared to bo morally necessary for tho free and ? uncontrolled aotion of the Holy See, in tho govern ment of tho Universal Churoh ; or, what practically . amounts to tho Bamo, nccoasary to avert ull ground of any suspicion that might, from timo to timo, attach to tho acts of a Popo subject to any par tioular potentate. Thirdly, ho would surrender i that which he hold only in trust, for the wolfaro of 1 the Church, and in whioh not hia interests alone, but thoso of tho whole church, aro involved. Fourthly, ho would give a premium tosodition and revolt in evory other part of tho Papal StateB ' Fifthly,' he would, by his .example, sanction tho foul injustice that had boon committed against tho other Italian princes recently robbed of thoir do ? ? minioiiB. Sixthly, ho would grievously. acandaliso 1 the wholo Ohurch, by sanctioning or Booming to sanction the right of successful robellion all over tho world. Aro thoso motivoa of. aotion, .tho judgment on whoso justice or force or application belongs before all things to the temporal order ? I believo that, from tho beginning of the world, the great majority of thoeo who hold tho highest place in that order have habitually trampled on such principles, have laughed at them and treated them as tho super stitious imbecilities of old monkish dolts like you and me. M. Thouvenel talks pompuously of history, and of what history in its impartiality will one day testify — history, by the way, being in general ao romarkable, as is well known, for its wonderful im partiality. Tho peace and order of tho world are threatened ; tho worst paBsions of the worst men aro unchained; the Vicar of Christ is menaced with spoliation; thewhole Church of God is in commotion ; every Catholic heart is beating with a strong, quick pulse of alarm ; and, to put us at our case, we aro referred to the nice things some future Thouvonel will put into a nice little book on tho French Emperor. Tho heir of the oldest and most venerable throne in tho world cries out against acts of daring and hideous injustice-, and a juggling diplomatist answers him with a ' carmag nole1' stolen from the ' Ossianic rants' of tho first French Revolution. ThS1 most striking charactoristic of M. Thouvenol's missivo, next after its brazen audacity, is the endless jangle of unmean ing words and phrases, with which it is filled. Lord Mncaulay tells us (?' Essay on Barere') that this is the favourite stylo of Lord Ellenborough, tho well-known English nobleman who paid public homage to idols in India nearly twenty years ago (vide ' Macaulay'8 Speeches,' pago 270, &o.;,) and last year proposed a subscription for purchasing arms to put into the hands of Italian freebooters and assassinp. It is nothing to us what somebody may say iu some book that ia to bo ; but how do our deeds look when viewed in the light of the Eternal Gospel, how do we stand at that tribunal, before which we must all appear, and to which the Pontiff has appealed 1 Now, as to the right of the Popo to define the question, whether an independent temporal Bover eignty be or be not necessary to tho freedom of his action — that he has defined this question is a matter of fact ; and he lias jure divino the power and right to define it. . It is true that the temporal Sovereignty of the Pope is, as the very terms imply, a temporal thing. But things in themselves puroly temporal may have, and many such things actually have, direct and close relations with tho spiritual order, and exercise an influence for good or evil, often a pow* erful and overwhelming influence, on religion in its most purely spiritual elements, on the purely spiritual acts of the priesthood, on purity of faith, on purity of morals, on the supernatural state of souls. Colleges and schools, thoir arrangement, the whole or tho greater part of their discipline, newspapers, histories, song-books, clubs, mechanics' institutes, young men's societies, these, and a thousand other things belong in themselves entirely to the temporal order. Yet no one can deny that, as they are animated with an abiding spirit fa vourable or opposed to religion, not only the order of society, but, what the church looks to before all things, the salvation of millions of souls, may be secured or imperilled. Now in all matters of this kind the church possesses a clear and indisputablo right to determine what is and what is not in ac cordance with the spiritual interests. She has a right to bind tho faithful to obey her decision in such matters, under pain of mortal sin. This right she always exercised ; not a Bin gle year passeB in whioh tho Sovereign Pontiff does not exercise it in some way, in some shape or other. To deny such right would be simply to deny the Catholie faith, and to join the ranks of the Janseniets. Is the temporal Sovereignty morally necessary for the free action of tho Papacy, and for prevent ing all grave suspicion against its free action? Would the loss of that Sovereignty be a grievous injury to the Catholic Church and the Catholic religion ? Manifestly here aro questions by which the interests of Catholicism are as olosely touched in one way as they wero formerly in another way by the questions — Are Luther's. theses Bound or unsound dootrinal guides ? Is JanseniuB's ' Au gustinus1' a sound or unsound doctrinal guide ? If tho Pope Iibb a right to decide the latter questions, as the Bupreme-..guardian of the. interests of the Church in the matter of faith, he has a right to decido the former as supreme guardian of the in terests of the Ohurch in the mattor of her freedom from undue inQuenco, of her freedom from the sus picion of such influence. Then, mark, the Popo has decided the question ; and hiB decision has long sinco reached the whole Catholic Episcopate—is long since known to the whole Catholic world. It !b not, then, the Pope by himself (though that would suffice for you and me), it is the Pope and the whole Episcopate ; it ia the Universa Ecclesia doeens. This is not a matter about whioh there is or can bo any dispute between those who are called Ultramontanes and Gallieans. All Catholics are agreed, that when the Pope speaks to tho Universal Episcopate and the Episcopate ia silent, that silence is assont, and the voice of Peter is the voice of all. But not by Bilonco has the Episcopate now given its assent. From sea to sea, from shore to shore, in one harmonious Btrain, without one jarring note, have tho- tongues of the successors of tho Apostlo3 echoed back to the gladdened ears of PiuB the living words that issued from his own lips. As in tho olden time tho great Counoil of Ohalcedon exclaimed that Peter spoke through Leo, so now there is the witneBB of tho Church that he speaks through Pius. Tho Episcopate haB not been Bilont, and, though placed in a position oxtromoly diflloult and trying, no Episcopate haB convoyed its sentiments more clearly than that of Franco itself. That Episcopate, has grandly re deemed tho infatuation of a former ago ; for a part of it was once a thorn in the side of Peter. It is now a orown of glory on his head, a staff ol strength in his hand, an odour of odiflcation to the nholo Churoh. And, mark again, it is a part of tho infallibility of tho Churoh not only not to err in defining, but in her definitions not to wander boyond tho sphere of sacred doctrino, into questions that bo long entirely to tho temporal order. Obsorve, I om not talking of tho aots or opinions of indivi dual Bishops or of tho Pope himself, but of tho solemn teaching and definition of the Church. Undor tho overruling guidance of the Holy Ghost, she cannot transport into tho Cold of reli giun'a question bolonging entirely to the tomporal order. She is prevented by hor infallibility from defining on any question about which she has no right to define. Whatever she teaoheB, by right divino sho teaches. I speak all along of tho Popo and tho Ohurch ob identified in thoir interests. Tho rook is thoro, and the Churoh built on it. Noithor oan over fail, noithor can evor exist separate from the other s the head and the body, distinct yet inseparable, united iuto one ohurch. It over has been bo, it ever will bs so, it. ever must be so. No Pope, no Church. So Christ has ruled, and ho was the ' wise man who built his house on a rook.' Of courso, I address myself only to Catholic feelings, and speak only on Catholic principles* With tho principles and views of Protestantism I have no concern, not even with their arguments. The Times may rage, and stamp, and howl, till ho chokes and blackens in tho face. He may vomit out his thick clouds of lies and blasphemy, till ho darkens tho wholo intellectual horizon around him. I oan stand by with folded arms and look at the writhings and heaving of the monster, with in difference not unmixed with wonder at such pro digious energies for evil, yet so wasted, such sub lime mendacity. Perhaps never were powers so great used with such utter, habitual, unblushing want of principle. I remember having seen many years ago a picture by Cruikshank, in whioh wob represented a huge hyramid of human skulls, with a human skeleton in a cocked hat standing on tho apex. This was tho monument Cruikshank would have raised to the memory of the First Napoleon. Here is one of the monuments which the Times has already raised to tho memory of the Third Na poleon : ' He has brokon utterly and irrevocably with the Pope. He has sanctioned a pamphlet containing political doctrines which no Protestant statesman has ventured to propound ; he haB en forced the submission of the French priesthood with a high hand, forbidding the publication of episcopal manifestoes, and suppressing the moBt notorious organ of the olergy.' — Times, February 17,1860. Let us return to Thouveuol. 'I do not,' he states, ' hesitate to say that the Court of Rome has not been well-inspired in endeavouring to es tablish, as tho Encyclical Lotter attempts to do a sort of indissoluble) connexion between two sorts of interests which cannot bo mixed up and con founded without danger.' Not the Court of Rome — at least not in the sense which that phrase was used by the Jansenists and others— but the Pope, as Popo, as Supreme Pastor of the Church, issues ex cathedra an Encyclical to all the Bishops of the Church, in which he deoides certain questions of Moral Theology. M. Thouvonel (who is Thou venel ?) issues a counter Encyclical, in which he condemns the Pope as not knowing his own duties : he condemns the Pope's decision accepted by the whole Catholic Ohurch, and claims for him self the good inspiration which he denies to the Supreme Pontiff. ' You are a doctor, Kate,1' said Henry VIII. once to Queen Catherine Parr. Thouvenel assumes not only the dootor, not only the doctor of doctors, but the doctor of doctors of doctors. Did Thouvenel reoeive the keys of the kingdom of heaven ? Is Thouvenel the rock on which Christ built his Church ? Or, rather, are not ho and Cavour two bars in those gloomy gates that are for evor warring against it t It is quite true that, though the temporal sove reignty of the Pope is morally necessary for the full independence of their spiritual functions, it is not necessary for tho existence of the Papacy. Churohes, and sacristies, and vestmonts, and silver chalices, and bonefices, and confessionals, and a thousand other things are not absolutely necessary for the exislenco of the Church. Therefore it is both lawful and expedient to rob her of all those. Tho Queen of England could live on one-tenth of her present revenue. Therefore rob her of the other nine-tenths. The Lords and Commons of England could legislate very well in two large barns. Therefore turn thorn out of their present magnificent houses of parliament. There is much talk about peoples and popula tions, and their right to cashier their legitimate sovereigns, and substitute other rules and other forms of government in their place. This doctrine is tacitly supposed ia Thouvenel's letter, or rather it is openly avowed, as it has been in other docu ments that have emanated from the same high quarters. There has been some strango writing in tho Times on this matter. I do not mean to con found all Protestants with the Times — far from it. I could not expect that the Pope, as Pope, would be treated by Protestants with a reverence like that whioh Catholics owe him and yield to him. But as the ocoupant of the oldest and most legiti mately founded throne in the world, and even as the de facto acknowledged Spiritual Head of two hundred millions of Christians, I am thoroughly convinced that there are many Protestants who would agree with me, not only in condemning those abominable principles of sedition and anarchy, but in condemning heartily the applica tion of them to. the individual case of the Raman Pontiff. However this may be, it is certain that those principles are directly and absolutely opposed to the defined doctrine of the Church, and, as I could easily prove to you, have been repeatedly and formally condemned by her. M. Thouvenel refers to certain historical events, which ho mystifies in his usual unmeaning or half meaning style. Why,^thero is no villainy whioh you cannot parallel from the pages of history. How much of history is occupied in recording the crimes of wicked kings and wicked ministers, and wicked peoples and populations. History records that Pius VI. wob dragged from Rome by a French general, and died in misery and exile. History records that his immediate successor, Pius VII. waB dragged from Rome by a French Emperor, was treated by that Emperor with brutal personal indignity, and kept by him in prison for several years. Will the nice littlo book of- future history which M. Thouvonel promises to some future generation, record such scenes re-enacted over again? M. Thouvonel refers, with a kind of malevolent significance, to the conduct of the Court of Vienna on former oocaBions. Thank God, a mighty change has oamo over the Bpirit of that court. Joseph II. was a dark and deadly enemy of tho Church. He framed a code of laws which fettered and weighed her down to tho earth through the wholo of Austria. Those laws remained unropealed until, some few years ago, a Concordat, entered into between tho prosont Emperor of . Austria and tho Holy See, at one blow swept away tho whole unhallowed mass, and restored to the Ohuroh full freedom of action in all her scored and saving ministrations. How long soovor ho may livo, never will the saintly young Emporor aohievo a moro glorious oxploit than that which emancipated the Ohuroh of his native land. I remember well that at tho period of tho Concordat, the Times was for several weeks togother in a state of downright frenzy — shrieking, yelling, oursing, stammering, and frothing in tho yory agony of his impotent rage. To this day the ?narao of tho good Emperor of Austria is hardly evor mentioned in that decent journal without a slander and a snoot1. I do not say that tho French Emperor direotly intends injury to religion. We have nothing to say to his intentions : of tho character and ten dency of his acts (the intentio operum, as theo. loginns phraso it) thero is but ono judgmont in tho whole Catholic world. But, whatever may be the secret intentions . of Louis Napoleon, thore is another actor in this drama,' of whoso wishes and designs there can be no doubt— that filius per ditionis that primogenitus Sat anas, Cavour. It would fill a letter four times the length to which this has grown to give you an adequate idea of the ruin whioh this man has brought on religion, wherever his influence extended, for the lsBt ten vears. Victor Emmanuel is the Henrv tho VIII. of tho Church in Italy; Cavour is hiB Thomas Cromwell. I might swell this letter into a big book ; but I am just now day and night occupied in putting through the press another big book, whioh, if I livo to complete it, will, I hope, effect more good for our holy Church than any number of passing ebullitions like this. Fear not. Let no man fear. We stand on the old eternal foundation. ' The kings of tho 6arth stood up, and tho princes met together, against tho Lord, against His Christ. He that dwelloth in heaven shall laugh at them, and the Lord ahall deride them.'. ' The Chnrch is stronger than the heavens : Heaven aud earth shall pass away, hit iny words shall not pats away. What words ? Thou art Peter, and upon this rook will I build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. If you believo not the word, believe facts. How many tyrants have tried to overcome tho Church ? how many frying pans ? how many furnaces, teoth of wild beasts, sharp swords ? And they did not overcomo her. Where aro her enemies? They are sunk in silence and oblivion. Where is the Church? She is shining brighter than tho sun. They aro extinguished, sho is immortal.'— S. John Chrysostom, '\Hotnily before Exile'1 (Opera, torn. 8, page 495). Farewell. Patbiok Mttbeay, Prof, of Theology. To the Rev-: ? According to the annual Kegister pub lished in Rome for 1860, thero are 850 dioceses and more than 90 vicariates apostolic and profectships. The present Pope has oreatod 80 new bishoprics since his accession. Besides those of Holland and England, eleven have been erected in the United States, four in North America, two in Newfoundland, one in Mexico, two in Canada, two in the two Sicilies, one in Hungary, one in Tuscany, two in the West Indies, one in Africa, and one in Franoe. The famous philosopher, Causin, has fol lowed M. Villemain in his conversion to the cause of the Pope. M. Causin has addressed to Father Lacordaire a letter in which he avows himself one of the fervent supporters of His Holiness. The Paris correspondent of the Times says, the notion that war is extremely probable, if not inevitable, in a few months between Austria and Piedmont backed by the Italian populations, is be coming more general and consistent every day. Piedmont is preparing actively, and her agents are buying cavalry horses in France and perhaps in England. It is hard to see how France can avoid drifting into such a war. 