A BIG BEAR AND HIS STORY. A very large grizzly bear waa killed last Friday, June 15 ih, on the ranch of Mr. Brackett, on the Tómales coast, about ten miles from Feta luma. Mr. Hews ton, of the firm of Kellogg and Hewston, bought the skin as a curiosity, and gave it into the hands of Mr. F. Gruber, the naturalist on Pine-street, for preservation. Mr. Brackett found the bear last Friday night near his house and fired at him. Next morning he went out with Mr. Jules Paisson and Mr. Bonard and two Americans, and followed up the brute's track to his retreat in the chaparral. Bonard, who was armed with a double shot-gun only, unexpectedly found him- self face to face with tho object of pursuit, and saluted him with a charge in the face. Grizzly sprang upon him. With great presence of mind, Mr. Bonard threw himself down, pro- tecting his face with one arm, and with the other holding the gun. The bear now stood on Bonard, and hit the little Frenchman two stout blows with his colossal paw. At this critical moment the bear re- ceived a rifle shot from one of the party, which made him let go and turn towards the new enemy. The nearest one of the party at this exciting point, says that Bonard hardly found himself free when he discharged the second shot at the bear, who, at the same instant, re- ceived a full charge of the whole company, and fell. . . The bear was brought to Peteluma on Satur- day morning, and was found to weigh over 1100 lbs. He is supposed to have been roving in that part of the country for several years, and many times has been chased by Mr. Pois- son and Sam King, formerly of Petaluma. His skin measures from the nose to the tail, over 8 feet, the head is 18 inches long and 16 inches wide, the tusks are nearly two inches long. This may be the veritable beast that was started and fired at by H. Dahlmann, on San Antonio Greek, only five miles from Petaluma, last winter, on which occasion this gentleman killed two smaller grizzlies of SOO and 300 .lbs. each. The head and skin of the grizzly .can be seen at 113, Fine-street, a few doors above Montgomery-street.-San Francisco Bulletin. The Florence correspondent of The Newark Advertiser says that tbe wife and children of-Dn Achilli, about whom some excitement was recently created, are in a perfectly destitute condition, Urine on the alms of our countrymen ia Florence. He shipped them at New fork last year, tinder a ipecious pretext, with the promise to supply ' their wants monthly by bills of exchange, since which the only intelli- gence they Lave had of bim was through ' the news- paper report of bis having another woman and child in New Jersey. Measures have been taken'to call Wm to account. " Tlie1 Borne correspondent of The Botton Transcript, says : " I noticed in an American paper Some time ugo a long obitnarjrnotice of Overbeck, the great German artist» who has lived'BO many years in Borne. If the announcement of his decease-be true, that distinguished man nukes an uncommonljragreeable ghost, for no longer ago than last week I saw hint in hi« studio, and he told me Us health 'bad very'mach-improved of late.* It gives me great satisfaction to be able to correct toe report of Us death." . The copper-field :in Nomaqualand, in South Africa, promises to equal, in^riehness, tbe famous mines the South AustrcHn. The wBole district, according to lbs report, appears cna,n}aBB ofciCPpper., Several companies ' bsve Issn foriacd at Cspe ïork to work it. . . . rsi. 