-Ecral feUlIisTM. "ST. CLEMENT'S CHURCH. "Annual' Vestry Meeting. The clergyman, trustees, and renters of sittings-itrSt. Clement's Church, -assembled in the vestry on Tuesday Inst, at noon, to elect -..churchwardens, -ami traniact other business. .The attendance wasnmch larger than at former meetings, the following gentle men being present: — Rev. E. Synge. anil Messrs. G. C. Ailman, J. Stiles, JI. Godfrey, A. Campbell, R. W. Pearson, W. II. Downey, J. Wood, V.T. Grovenor, A. H. Heme, It. Gorman, E. M. Oxley, T. Colls, D. Harper, T. II. Turner, .1. Jlartin.-and J. J. Brown. Tlie Rev. E. Syngo took -the chair, and opened the meeting witli prayer. Mr. Stiles, the honorary secretary, read tlfe minutes of last meeting,- v.-hieh were approved ofmrthe motion of Mr. Ailman. The accounts for the past year were then read, from whichit-nppenrudthat the receipts had amounted to £98 19s. id. anil the dis bursements tn £93 Ss. 7d. leaving a balance ill baud of £5 10s. 6(1. Sir. Ailman moved, that- the accounts be passed, which -was seconded by Mr. Wood, and carried. On tlie motion of Mr. Ailman, Mr. -J. Stiles was re-elected trustee's' churchwarden. Mr. Ailman stated that Captain Ailman had expressed a wisli tluit some other person should bu elected pewholders' churchwarden, the captain's infirm health preventing his giving that attention, tj the duties of the office that lie would desire. Mr. Grovenor moved, and Mr. Godfrey seconded, tlie appointment of Mr. It. W. Pearson, which' was carried unanimously. Tlie Rev. E, Synge then appointed Mr. Allinan as/the incumbents' churchwarden, Mr. Hamilton Hume having declined re election. :the bishop's circular. The Chairman said lie would take that op portunity of comply ing- ivitli the request of the Cord Bishop of Sydney, by reading tlie fol lowing circular whicli he had received from his lordship:— " Bishopscnurt, January 3rd, i860. " Reverend and Dear Sir, — The pecuniary position of many of the clergy lias been so materially affected by tlie withdrawal of the supplementary grant for religious worship, that I'-fcol bound to propose some mode -of relieving thorn from tlie very painful consequences of the diminution of their income. "I am aware that in some parishes tlie de ficiency has been already made up by spe cial contributions. In other parishes nothing lias heeu done, and a subscription for this purpose would be raised with difficulty and probably would not he repeated. "Even under the most-favourable circum stances such a mode of supplementing the clergyman's stipend is open to objection. It is .uncertain and fluctuating, and may ho discontinued on very insufficient grounds, and in such a way as to inflict .: ions and permanent injury hotli upon the clergyman and the parish. " An. income fixed jn amount and regularly paid, is a claim which the clergy may, ivitu propriety, advance, iu urdcr that their work may he carried on without distraction ; and itis my earnest desire that this iidvautag- should, if possible, he secured to tliein. "One mode of accomplishing toil object is by Waking a weekly ceiicc'.icu In tin. church during the time of divine service, and, if no objection is raised, in the manner prescribed by the rubric. Such a collection is in accordnnco with Scripturoaud the directions 'Contained ill the Book of Common Trover. It is easily made, and when the object of it is understood to bo the maintenance (in part) of tliu clergy, tlieru is reason to believe that the amount will be considerably increased. "The manner of making such n collection varicsiri- different-churclies. " The directions of the rubric are, in some instances, complied with, by reading tlie olfertorv sentences after the sermon, and following the collection with .prayer. In other churches the sentences only are read, and the collection made immediately after the Niccne Greed, or at the doors. Iu others ngaiu, the collection is made immediately after the sermon, -without, the reading of -the sentences, aud before tho '.concluding prayer. Elsewhere, tlie coliectiou is made at the doors after diviuo service. "The authority of the rubric is quoted on behalf of the first mode ; custom is pleaded for-tlic others. " Those circumstances whicli called forth a strong feeling of dislike to the " offertory" have, for the most part, passed away ; and iu this diocese, at least, -the use nf it is not associated with any peculiar doctrinnl views. ".Tlie.introduetiou.of .the offertory might, however, in some casus, cause dissatisfac tion, unless .tlie necessity .for its use ami the application of tlie funds to ho raised hy means of it, were carefully explained nnd well understood. ' My object in addressing you is to sug gest that voit should consult your church wardens and trustees upon this subject, and if in your opinion nnd theirs nonobjection is likely to he raised hy the congregation, -tho practice (where it aloes not already exist) may at once be intr duced. " It will he further desirable -tluit you should explain to the parishioners that-the objeet of this collection is to make -that pro vision for -the clergy which the State lias 1 now withdrawn, and in justification of this application of- the money so collected, -you' 'may point»to the significant fact that- the compilers of our Liturgy selected to he rend at the offertory, tour sentences -from Holy writ, which instruct the congregation that the maintenance of the pastor is one of the duties of tlie .flock. '.if objections are made to this particular mode of collecting the offerings of the con gregation, somo other, sanctioned by cus tom, may he used ; hut tho .intention ,<jf- the Church -is that tlie collection should be.made . during (and not after) divine service, nnd :bo sanctified by tlie word of God and prayer. ".The rubric provides that -the .money given at tlie offertory shall be disposed of by tho ministerand churchwardens,, with. a reference, if need he, to the ordiunry. My recommendation . is that the fund so col- , leeted should, in the first instance, ho charged with the payment of £100 per annum to wards the clergyman's stipend. In some .instances this suui may he as much as can lie raised; hut ns.I-nm of opinion that in these, colonies .£100 por annum ninl a par- gyman is entitled, I shall bo thankful. if by the means I now sugvest, or by any other, as hy endowments, this amount can .be .-se cured. In j it s t i co to themselves nnd their country, the laity ought not to rest satisfied with a provision of smaller amount than this furtiieir clergy. It Js a wise policy. aud -one attended with the best consequences to the well-being of the community,, to place the clergy in a position to give 'themselves wholly to tho duties of their sacred calling — to the .word of God and to prayer. "Tlie proposal now made is, in tho. .first instance, intended tu apply to those parishes which have 'been deprived of a poitinn of the Government supplementary grant. -There is, however, no reason ggainst a inure gene ral adopt ion of tlie plan, so that the stipends of the clergy paid through the Church So ciety should in pait- be raised by tho same means. " Moreover, it is to he hoped that tlfiscon- tributions thus obtained will lie so mticli larger in amount than heretofore, that in some of tho more populous and wealthy parishes there may he a surplus for the bene fit of those districts where comparatively little can be raised, or. where no Goveriu'nent stipend is received, that so 'the abundance of ' some, ' may bo a. supply for the.waut' of others. " I pray yon, my reverend brother, to-as- sist ill carrying out this object by. your coun sels with your churchwardens and trustees, and by your prayers on-behalf of the bishop and clergy, that we may approvo ourselves to our Heavenly Master and to tlie congre gations committed1 to onr charge, 'by pure- ness, by knowledge, by loiigsuffcring, by kindness, hy the Holy Ghost, hy love.un- fcigneil, by -the -word of truth, hy the power of God. and by-tlio armour, of righteousness on the right liandand-on the left.' " I remain,- reverend 'and dear sir,, your affectionate friond-aud bishop, \- " F. Sydney." The Chairman said that he deemed it tho proper course to lay the letter before: the me ting, in order that tliey might "deviso the best means of carrying out the wish of their diocesan. Mr. Ailman remarked that with reference to the Bishop's letter there could be hut "one opinion ; and tlnu the proposal fur there being, collections made was one -that seemed founded in reason.. A difficulty might possibly arise as to the amount being \- charged in the first instance with the pay ment of £100 to supplement the clergyman's stipend. If the offertory was introduced lie was of opinion that the provisions of the rubric should be strictly carried out, and a portion of the -sum devoted to -charitable uses, under tlie direction of the clergyman. Mr. Godfrey thought that tho matter was one for the consideration of- tho trustees and churchwardens. Dr. Campbell and Mr. J. Mood entertained tlie same pinion as the last speaker. Mr. Aliman and the Chairman thought otherwise, and were anxious to obtaiu the opinion of the meeting on the subject. Mr. Godfrey; Tlie people are not recog nised iu the Bishi p's letter. It is addressed to thc clergyman, who is requested -to con sult tile-trustees and churchwardens. There is not one word about tlie pewholders. Mr. Ailman : They are not only recognised, but it is stated "-if no objection is likfcly to be raised by . the congregation," tho psactice may be introduced. : ?dr. Wood : The people are to be asked to pay, but they are not recognised. Dr. Campbell: Tho .plain terms of the circular ,are, that the clergyman, trustees, and churchwardens are to decide, and that the people are afterwards to be asked to.pay. The Chairman said the powliolderB had j list elected their churchwarden, and any thing, done hy him was supposed. to be. done with their concurrence; therefore, when the churchwarden is consulted, it is the same as if the pewholders were consulted. He thought tliey took a wrong view of the Bishop's letter, and considered that the wish was that tlie whole body of the people should .he consulted, nnd that whatever was done might he done amicably nnd with universal consent, or at all events in -accordance with the views of the whole body. Mr. Turner took tlie Bishop's letter to mean that the churchwardens and trustees had power to deal with the matter, and that it had been introduced to the present meet ing as a matter of courtesy. Mr. Wood asked any person to read the document and then tell liiiu whether the the people were recognised. Mr. Ailman submitted tho people .were recognised so far as to have the appointment of a churchwarden. Mr. Grovenor: Wc have only one voice, having oplv ,orie 'churchwarden, jvhllo you (the clergyman anil trustees) have two. Mr. Godfrey reiterated, his opinion that the people lmd been passed over. Mr. Wood said if they really wanted the people to subscribe, they must give .the 1 people a voiee in tho affairs of the church, lie made his objections with the greatest possible goud-v/iU to the churchj Dr. Campbell remarked that the people had a most essential voice iu the mnttcr — they can refuse to pny. Mr. Wood: Yes : they 'can have in that way. The Chairman : In. what way? Mr. Wood: By refusing to pay. , Are wo to go on to the end of tiuiq and theipcoplo not lie recognised ? ' Mr. Ailman : It is now proposed to recog nise the people. Mr. Wood : Yes ; but it is a mcro aot of courtesy. 1 " Dr. Campbell suggested that if tlie pew holders were to ho rcoguiscd at all, they should allow them time to decide on the effect of the letter. Mr. Godfrey thought Dr. Campbell's sug gestion n good one. The Cliuiruian said it ( the Bishop's cir- - cular) was a mere letter of. suggestion and recommendation. And. it was then laid before them in order that tliey might act in the matter in accordance with prudence and church . discipline. Mr. Godfrey : It is a matter entirely for you (tlie .chairman) Mr. Stiles, and Mr. Ailman. - Tliu Chairman's opinion was that tlioy had a long time been fighting with. a shadow. Mr/Godfrey-: It is our wish, however.-to fight witli something else. Tho Chairman: But u-e do, not want to fight at all. Mr. Wood did not-tliink they were fighting with a shadow. The letter, to take a com mon, sense view of it, -is intended only for the clergyman, trustees, and churchwardens. That was his opinion ; and with nil due deference to the reverend Chairman, lie could assure him that pounds, .shillings, and pence were no shadow, but a tangible reality. Mr. Ailman said, with regard tn Dr. .CamphelBs suggestion for adjournment, his (.Mr. A .-a) opinion -was that- there was 5<j to 1 that tliey would not have such a large meet ing again as tliey had then. Mr. .Godfrey "thought differently. Tho next meeting would- lie- the congregation. Mr. Turner drew attention to there having been no allusion made. to tho uiattur under discussion iu the notice cniling thc meeting. The Chairman would take the liberty of | asking their opinions individually, and would first ask Mr. Godfrey. Mr. Godfrey required some time for con sideration. Ho, thought, .that .if tliey must have a clergyman, that tho people" shout)! have a voice iu church affairs, aud thut mat ters should he conducted in a proper manner, and .not havo their church iu .the .statu it tiicn was, with a calico -flag fluttering in in the breeze, from the tower. If tlie church was conducted properly tlie clergyman would not hnve cause to ask twice for contributions ; but ho thought that lately the- church had been " going on in such a state " thut lie had made up his mind not to contribute any tiling until an alteration -took place. The Chairman tliun asked 3Ir. Grovenor to state his opinion. Mr. Grovenor was .of much tho same opinion as Mr. Godfrey. lie would like to see the church -finished. The Chairman requested Mr. Grovenor to confine himself to tlie matter-then under dis- Miv Grovonor complained that at present tliey were asked -tocon tribute without know ing what became of the mouey : they had no voice in auy. way. 1 Mr. Ailman: I-Iavc you not appointed your churchwarden ? Mr. Grovenor: The. churcil has remained in an unfinished state for. twelve months.: tliero lias "been nothing dono to it. The churchwarden appointed hy tlft pewholders .was only one to two. Mr. Stiles . remarked that ' he. had brought to the meeting all the papers and vouchers in order that these affairs .wight he strictly investigated. " Mr. Aliman considered tho mere fact of tho " (lug " an insufficient reason for the position taken. The Chairman .- Tlint is tho Shadow. I was right, after all, Mr. tS'ood. Mr. Wood ..denied that. The shadow " was in the circular. The further discussion of tho matter was then postponed until the accounts connected with -the alterations and building of tho tower were considered. JlflLDING FUNDS. Mr. Stiles said with reference to the receipts and c.-peiiditurr connected with the church tower there had been a subscription list opened which resulted in £253 lis. 10d., of which £248 15s. Gil. had been paid. .To thio-was-added a sum of £'! 16s. 4d. -being a portion of two-thirds of the sum culllectud in connection with the Church Society, about which eo much, had lately boon said. .Further, there had been drawn from tlie Bazaar fund two cheques for £22 7s. 3d. and £16 10s. to .pay the contractors, and there was a balance due of £l '4s.-ld. Tho expenditure (the par ticulars of -which were read J amounted to £295 13s. 7d. ; so that the tower account is indebted .£1 -Is. Id. to the church-fund, 'l'hoy had to fall back on- tho Bazaar fund to pay the contractor. .He (Mr. Stiles) would take tho gallery account next. .The contributions paid -and collections made in tlie church amounted to £61 9s. 3d ; the other portion of.the two-thirds referred to was £20. The actual expenditure 'for the gallery was . £155 Os. 6d. The last payment had" to bo made hy-a-'ohequo drawn upon the bazaar . fund. Mr. Godfrey.: So that the Church was £111 iu debt before the bazaar was hold. -Mr. Stiles: Precisely so. Tho bazaar realised £456 12s. 2d., aiul cheques had been drawn against it for £118 Os. 2d.; leaving a .balance of £33S 123.; out of this, however, £12 had to he paid.for repairs on tliu roof oi- \- the church, so that the actual balance to the crc lit of the fund was £320 123. Mr.. Godfrey : That still loavesit.'thal he- fore the' bazaar the church was £111 in debt. Mr. Stiles reminded Mr. Godfrey that the -bazaar funds worenot solely for tlie erection of tho spire, but for church purposes, ami read the. circular that, had originated tlie. bazaar to confirm his statemeut. They had two- tenders for the erection of tho spire, but both were considered very high. One was for £300, the tendeierto supply tlie material; tho other for £235, the trustees to'fiiul the material. They had not felt themselves in a position to accept cither of these tenders. Mr. A. II. lluuie would not feel inclined to go to the expense of even £200 tir finish the spire. Mr. Stiles said-that tlic sum of £326 12s. was proposed to he expended as follows : — The trustees' anticipated, being able to finish tlie spiro for £230, and intended to devote the balance to erect a vestry, say £50 ; and £40 to effect repairs outside the church. -Dr. Campbell thought the money from tlie bazaar must go tn complete tlie spire. It was very easy to fritter it all away iu another mantior.- 1.„, . Mr. Godfrey said lie would get one of his drays to carry from Sydney tho materials required at a moderate cost. Mr. Allmau considered that a very good time to raiso the question as-to whether the tower. should he finished off with turrets or with a spire. Dr Campbell. said the church was supposed to ;bo erected in tho Gothic style, and he thought it only right that they should carry out the design in that order o'f architecture. Any other plan would destroy tho unity of the design. Mr. Wood thought tlioy could not depart from the original intention. It would be .a breach of. faith to do so. Mr. Godfrey said that there -was a model of the church exhibited at tho bazaar, with thu spire upon it, aud the understanding wes that tbe.church was.to.be completed iu that way. Sir. Hume thought the spiro as'intendcd to be erected was altogether out of propor tion to the church. Mr. Downey said they mii9t call for fresh tenders, and "in. order to. do so., hcjwiiuld slightly niter tlie plan, yet still leave its ap pearance as originally intended. It was now pioposed .to. have .the spire forty feet high. . Mr. Turner thought they hail all agreed as to the spire being erected, und considered it would be as well to leave the details to the 1 tiu.ttees to carrr ogt, Mr.'Downey said it would not lie right to call for fresh tenders for thu same design, tho amount of the tenders of two persons having been made known. Ho proposed to tako five feet from the height of tho spire. Mr. Hume would second that proposal. Mr. Wood was.of opinion -that tliu tower should bo completed according to tho ori ginal design, with such modifications as might ho found necessary. Mr. Alhnan proposed that " tho flag," if people had been really offended at its "flut- "terlngrshuuld.bc. removed. Tho_ca!ic.o_ha<l_ _ been placed over tliu tower to protect the masonry from tlie rain. Sir. Goilfroy : A bit of calico put' over ft church steeple 1 1 never heard ol' such a thing. Mr. Stiles inquired if it was tho general opinion, if the trustees cmilil finish tlie spiro for £230, that tho surplus should bo applied to the moro urgent repairs required on thu church. Several gentlemen replied — " Decidedly." Mr. Ailman thought tiiat if to erect i lie spire. on the original design would he out of proportion to tile building it would be.woll to give thu matter proper consideration. Mr. Wood-said.if.it was out of proportion the architect (Mr. -iiluukoU) would bu to blame. Mr. Aliman -then proposed that fresh tenders he called, but thut no alteration ho made in tliu height of tho spire. Mr. Godfrey seconded the motion which was put to thu meeting and. carried. The Chairman said they hud a great dral to do, ami lie hoped tliuy would mako a strong pull anil altogether. Tliero wero tlireo or four mutters yet on tho table to ho brought licfuru tho mooting. nkw 1iaumoxium. Mr. Wood introduced a subscription list for a new ;barinoiiium. Mr. Roberts of Currawaug,_ had generously lieadod the .list with ten guineas. Tho present instrument' was quite out of tune— in foot it is dono. lie had made enquiries, and hud ascertained tluit .they could procure a very good har- nionium for about £50. A number of gentlemen then placed their names on the subscription list. i new school house. Tito Chairman luid a mosj urgent mattor to bring under tlie notice of the meeting, which was tho necessity that existed for a, now school-house. Most oi them had fami lies rising around tliein, anil tliero was no accommodation for tlie children being edu cated. .He. hopu.il that measures would bo at once taken for tlie erection of. a new build ing. Rlr. Downey luid kindly furnished him (the Chairman) with plans, ami tho es timated cost was £3S0. He was glad to see that the Assembly had in a fit of unusual iiherality-incrcased the amount of tlie grant .for denominational school purposes, and lie had already sent down an application to meet . hy a grant any sum that might be procured hy subscription. He bad applied for £200. Mr. Wood inquired what hud become of the £200 derived, from the sale of tlie ground formerly held for school purposes? Mr. Stiles -replied that tliey had bought Tirriaiirf" on" w(iE-fi"tI,e" sciioof n owls ; a"Tffi| from time to time repairs hud been required, and caused a dribbling away of the money. A balance ol'a few pounds remained ill hand. tub dishoi-'s . lbttkb. The Chairman again called attention tn tho letter from the Bishop of Sydney. It Was necessary that something should "bo douo. Clergymen had already been deprived of one- third of their. incomes, and were likely to ho deprived of the remaining -two-thirds, so that tliey would have nothing left to keep up tho. church, unless the means proposed arc adopted. ami-carried out. .They might have a harir.imiuin or. anything else, but they would have no church. .It behoved them :to do something, nnd not wave the matter by poetponumentnnd calling it a ".shadow," Mr. Godfrey reminded tlie rov. Chairman that they wero indebted to him (the Chair man) for the word " shadow." The. Chairman remarked that what he said was that tliey were "fighting a shadow;" not that this (the circular) was a shadow. In Haddington tlie plan of making collections was adopted, and went to the clergyman. The collections there amounted to "rather over £300 a year, lie (the Chairman) pre ferred the ui-orcrlv nnnointcd ninu — to have tlie collection made before the sermon and iu the church. He would be glad if any of them had any objection- to it, or any scru ples or prejudices, if they would then men tion them. Mr. Grovenor : The peopio have no voice in it. The Chairman : They have their hands in it — tliey give it. | Mr, Wood personally had no olijcction to collections being mudu; but tho "people should. lmve been recognised in tho matter. Mr. Ailman thought a portion nf-the col- lectinns should go to the poor. Ho thought the Bishop could not alter the arrangement, as the rubric- prescribed the course to bu adopted. j Sir. Wood, as a well- wisher of the church, considered that the time had arrived whon the people should he recognised. Tho Chairman : In what way recognised ? Mr. Wood: In n very direct way. Mr. Alhnan : .You arc throwing over -tho principle of having a representative church warden. Mr. Wood : It should have been -done, if only as a mere act of courtesy to. the people. Wo are expected to pay, and wc ought to liave been recognised. Mr. Godfrey : The clergyman, trintccs, ami churchwardens may decide on what plan they like, aijd if it does not pay, and tho people won't give, then they can try another method. Mr. Wood: Thero is not tho slightest doubt that if the people arc called on to pay they .must ho recognised. That is the only- way to carry out the matter. The Chairman: There is another thing that can he done : the clergymen can pack up nnd go home. Mr. Wood did not go- that length. The Chairman : That is wlint'I shall do. Mr. Wood did not think so 'poorly of the clergymen in these colonies. Ho believed that there were many who took a greater interest in tho spiritual -welfare of tlie people, nnd had no doubt that many clergymen would he left to attend to their spiritual ne cessities. The Chairman pressed for some reason for tho opposition that had been shown to exist. Mr. Alhnan thought .they hud better de cide on" the plan to he adopted. Mr. Wood, if he might he allowed to ranke a suggestion, would recommend that the rubric should be strictly adhered tn. Mr. Aliman thought so too. Having a guide in tliu Prayer-book to go by, it was dosirnble that it should bo followed. Be sides. be thought the adoption, of that plan would bo a sufficient answer to any objection that might he raised. He therefore moved that in future collections bo made at the ter mination of each service in accordance with the Ritual. Mr. Stiles seconded tho motion. The Chairman put the motion to the meet ing, nnd it was declared carried. The meeting then soparated. The Right Reverend Abbot GnEGonv. — A letter appeared in Monday's Empire, signed "A Caibolic." (but obviously, from intrinsic evidence, not written by a member of the Catbolic'Chnrcli), in which itissUtcd by way of annotation, that the Right Rev. Abbott Gregory has-been " ignominiously recalled " from this Archdiocese. This re- mnrk is entirely unwarranted — there Ib no "ignominy" whatever in tlie matter. We have in.ide careful enquiries, nnd the result of our enquiries is, that Dr. Gregory "fetli him- sef compelled to retire" from tlie Mission. . The plain interpretation of this is : Dr. Gregory loaves tlie Archdiocese propria matu — simply of his own accord— or acting under the advice of his friends. If the conductors of that journal had mado enquiry," thuy would have found that Abbot Gregory in tends to leave the mission, and uothimr more.— -freeman's /ourna(s 