METRO POL I TÍA jr, s Qáfsip. ! . '.>"','landon, Saturday Evening. I T^íLj31d_Year_fe*?, takett. his .depártate in a Protean fashion personally complinventary io its only two ruling spirits, the British Premier aud the Preach Emperor ;-full of bluster and balmmOTS, a hyperborean hurricane and micU aumnvery temperature. À furious nor'wester sweeps the bills of mortality ; but the thermometer rs steady at '* temperate," Tender- ing fires intolerable, (except in controversial sermons,1) and puttiag thoughts of ptc- nics and mince pies, mulled port, and miscellaneous coddled'condiments connected with crickets on the hearth, chilblains, poor relations, aud ôther wintry visitations people are expected t-o smile upon. " The wind is raging in tnrrret' and -tree," as Adelaide Kemble's bravura ttsed to 'tuttle out ; and when she had so rattled, she) zerJhyrishly whispered " the Earl ts 'Fair to' see" So is the ever-siaiiKng "Vis count; so is th» never-smiling Monarch. )tad what's the inference to be drawn'? What «ver anybody pleases, or doesn't please ;-it matters not a jot which. C«r most thinking! public have been thinking, -er 'tbixiking they think, on this bead, or these beads, this twelve- month back; and what's Ose value of their cogitations this last night «f Aa>. 1869 com- pared with, these of the first day ? The whole year has been one succession of -surpri*es; "but the really astonishing thing is that'no one asks himself why'he is surprised, «why'hedoesnt get at the secret of ceasing to be -surprised, that secret which would do «way »with mystery by disclosing as the fruits >of premeditation what comes upon us as tb« issue of chance, and therefore startles, as -everything sudden does, chiefly because of it« unexpectedness. The only item-of consolation to OUT amour propre in all the catalogue of confusion which now con- fronts us is, that if we are doubly mystified by our own Piccadilly sphinx, as well as by the Cherbourg one, the latter seems«s3 to perplex all people who have faith hope or. charity towards him that they can't see SD inch farther into the millstone of last year than ourselves. A .quarterly reviewer tb-day thus shews that the bewilderment-in the eternal city is just as dense as though -it were peopled by Marylebone model members of parliament, or had the nine morning journals to tell the news-and B\X evening ones to proclaim that the said news had but two faults, 'first, being old, and, secondly, without a word of -truth in it : " Borne has recently been delighted with s witty version of the great problem of the season due to the unfailing humour of the caustic tailor whose spirit, emerging from the mutilate«: marble block into which it is supposed to bav< wandered, has for centuries established for it self the privilege of alone transgressing wit! impunity the provisions of Papal censorship Marforio, the tailor's companion and conve nient foil, is represented to have-found Pasquii so absorbed in exanvning and brushing! t coin with his coatsleeve as not -even to notici his friend's arrival until interrupted by the lat ter with the question as to what might, bi the matter. * What is the matter ?' re plies Pasquín, looking up for'.a, j moment and then setting himself again to scrub th bit of money, . why here have 1 boen at worl for the last three months on this Napoleon, an' devil take me if I can make out whether itb sterling or coumeriBii,. The reviewer's moral from this ia, that tb Three Tailors of Tooley-streot, who are, afte all, a very adequate personation of the prc science of the British nation at the presen moment, and the four Liverpool merchants ar not less so in the same particular, all said t the contrary notwithstanding, are just as bliD as the satirio Roman snip affects to be in regar to whether the Gallic Cte s ar be spurious c genuine. Perhaps, however, the writer, befoi inviting us to discuss that difficulty, woul have done better had he determined the precis status of our own 'Oivis Romanus, and define what is the national reading of that familic riddle,' which becomes more inscrutable th longer it is contemplated, and each interpret: ¿ion of its meaning more puzzling than th one preceding. Considering the profoun ignorance we are in as to the mode wherei the simplest of our own affairs are to be dea with three weeks hence by our own serrant and whether those servants intend to play the nominal masters foul or fair, we ought to 1 tolerably case hardened as to all reproach f inal i'.ity to discern ithe d. signs of the chief the congress. Under this reproach, howevt the writer just quoted is not content to res but undertakes to Shew that these designs a and must be warlike ; that they mean w presently on the Rhine, war soon after on tl Bosphorus, and war soon after that again < the Thames, if that be not rendered unnec« sary by England's acquiescence in everythii be may dictate, and for ensuring which acqi esconce he is spreading around ns all sorts " coils," one of these, and not the least dang« ous and inextricable, being thc co-operation the ill-starred joint expedition against Chit It is not a little singular to observe the pim lily of points on which the periodicals for ti new month, out to-day, agree in anticipate evil consequences from the congress :-sot on.one account, some on another, but all ur ni mous in the apprehension that as Englai goos in with fettered hands, confessed unable to do anything, and resolved do Trothing that she can avoid doing, so w ?ehe como out with crippled'feet, lame and ha ing, exhibited to Europe a second time with balf-a-iiozen years as the mere registrar of t behests'.of one whose pretensions to empi hdW-a-dozen years previously she treated as s did itbo83> of Theodore, King of Corsica, wi died in S oho, after being nearly -starved in t Benoit prison because he couldn't pay 1 washerwoman. These bellicose proclivities publications, that have a long time to think what 'they aro- going to say and plenty of leisu to say.it, may be looked upon as a pugnacio portent, and would seem to indicate that \ are not likely to witness the millennium durii the ensuing year, but will have to put up .witt doubled income-tax instead. Magazine literature, after being at the lowest ebb of the obaeuro and anonymous, with the exception of two of the number, is now spring- ing into extraordinary prominence and notoriety, if not exactly eminence and celebrity. In reference to this pheno- menon of the sudden abandonment of the screen of secret and the proclamation of the individuality ef particular penmen, tóat sedate and sarcastic Caledonian sage, the British Quarterly, gays to-day :-" Time was when men who spoke through magazines were thought to speak vvith more independence and effect by speaking anonymously. But now, it seems, every magazine must have its dramatis personal Nothing greAt is to be expected without the aid of great names. Thia change is perhang to be attributed in part to the the anonymous.'-- The press has its honoarable men ; but if the veil could be made to drop from before a swarm of need} and often ill-in- formed scribes, who write so dogmatically and frequently, so yillanously in newspapers and elsewhere, so as to reveal the gentlemen as they are, the revelation, we suspecs would be such as to deter not a few from bestowing the slightest attention on popular criticism for' the remainder of their days. Per- haps we have reached the point when the abuse inseparable from such covert; workmanship ia about to be reckoned as more ] obvious than its use." This is precisely what ' Cobbett used to be perpetually sayiug would be j the case, when, thirty vears ago, the old B»ne¡ Grubber of the Gridiron crest 'blazed away j every Friday morning at Brougham and the! Üseiess Knowledge propagators, in-the fashion i of which a most characteristic- spe:imen astounds country cousins and countless 'cock- neys to this day, in tho window next Northum- berland-house, Oharing-oross, in the form of a prodigious placard inlorming. the reader that what Iba writer is about to say will 'fflotiim more than all that might be composed'by the Chancellor of England, ["Harry to wit.Q for the benefit of trankmakers or less honourable men :"-the said intelligence being that Cole's I trusses are best of all trusses, because one of them'had counteracted a tendency to umbili- cal relaxation on the part of "tb* -public's faithful servant, ^William Cobbett, bf Bolt courf," Strand, 'printer, ' and Bbtley i Farm, Hants, Labourer.", It is worth note, too, that these very passages of Cobbett, deriding the public's best possible instructors, and the public for being instructed by them, are being reprbdu «3 jjusttiow, and with startling' appli- cability tothectrcumstances of the time. Fur- thermore, the'evils of the " cheap, nasty, and ignorant press" are being dwelt upon in nume- rous quarters .whence such animadversions' would not emanate were the cause not most cogent.1 Thus to-day's new number of the Westminster, the original old ; Benthamic advo- cate of unfettered, thought and -ihe. expression thereof, the father of the cry against : taxes on knowledge, deals a heavy blow and great dis- couragement against the popular press, as ex- hibited in the unacquaintance of the populace with nearly all they should know bf their own affaira, or. those of other people ; while, that high-toned ''moraliser, the Nattanal-a quarterly in which Indian Wilson's son-in-law. Mr. Bage holt, is a leading intelligence, goes the length of partially'justifying intemperance in alcohol and beer on the score of , the i muddled journals for the . multitude being so gilly and . sickening., Charming prospect, this for the future mind of England; the shooting pf that young idea now1 develop- ing itself in rifle movement. Exalted the no- tion it must give the Netherby knight's " awful old'tory," the member for: Tiverton, of .that public'opinion for which he has exhibited so profound.a-deference by-taking both.s'des of. every question of his epoch, and is . now going to cro^wñ'his . àmbidèxterous .drollery by laugh- ing in the many-headed m onster's face-.with a comic Reform Bill for I860. And, yet, immu- table in bis vagaries, methodical in hts con trarieties/it is only a week since he: said the newspapers were miracles of sagacity and no doubt, tie said the same sort of thing to the two of ,the;four' Iiiverpool merchants who-brought i«»~'*ú. i»»p<»»i*.»«%»a lîrtingo that th ny and the other two had just made quadruple and quad- rupedal fools of themselves. . There is small question that, notwithstand- ing some remarkable exceptions, there has been great deterioration in the press of la'e years, and that this declension is going on with constantly increasing rapidity;-a class of persons now writing who would be deemed hardly competent to read what was written by the better class of journalists some dozen years ago ;-the present race holding the same relation to the others that the metropolitan members, the Williamses, and the Jameses, and the Sir Bumble Halls, and the rest of the mediocre fussy vulgar pretentious parochial stamp, do to the Groles, Harveys, Molesworths, Burdetts, and the others who made the liberal electors of London and Mid- dlesex real intellectual puissances in virtue of their representatives ; and, in virtue af such representatives, the House of Commons was rightly called the first assembly of gentlemen in the world, meaning thereby men of mind manners and means. It is additionally worthy of note that as those who held a distinguished post in parliament then hold it still, [such as are alive]-the mere fortuitous official elevation of the people like the Pakingtons, Henleys, Naases, ¿fcc, counting as nothing, or less-so do they who were eminent in periodical belles lettres continue to bear the bell now. And not always beneficial bellwethers are they to the flock who follow, and bleat beside them, and swear by them tn a way to make others some- times swear at both. For instance, there's the Laureat. Whatever he says or sings, and hiE singing is not seldom the dreariest of droning, a whole herd nf parasites rush oat and bollon forth that there never were such golden utter ; ancea ; and when he tells yon that he gets a : guinea a line for them, about as mucha page as Goldsmith got for the Village, why there's no controverting such sterling auriferous logic, in an age when poets keep bankers, and write about shares in a very different sense,-a stock exchange sense-from that wherein Hogarth's bard -is depicted musing on the map of Peru while his landlady dunned him for a threepence halfpenny milk score. Observe, this writing about shares is not a figure of speech, but s figure of arithmetic. It is made a poem of ; and not a poem of humour either, but of pa- thos. Thus is it converted to the double ac- count, Parnassus and the pocket, of the saga- cious lyrist, who waters his Pegasus at a Heli- con beside a very different bank from what Apollo knew anything about, namely-the Bank of England ; the Old Lady of Thread needle- street being worth tho whole tuneful Nine with modern votaries of the "blue- eyed heavenly maid." But surely shares ar« not the staple of the Tennysonian theme, ol that most spiritual and spirituel and chival resque of troubadours, him of Locksby Hall, ene ¿Twcess, Maude, and the other members of the Idyllie family ? Yes, literally -.-Utera "script" manet. It ie of the shares of Capel i Court, the shares of stags, that our essthetical warbler rhymes, or rather doesn't rhyme, for hts verse is blank-blank as the letter of a'lot ment that afflicts the soul of his hero, who hasn't even a name. He is a city clerk, who speculated in mining stock, into which he was seduced by some Robinson or Redpath, or par haps a Sadlier, and is ruined ; or rather done ; for "done" ie the classic word used by the lauréat himself, the thrice sublimated Alfred. ["He dodged mo with a long and loose account," is one of the lines ; and there are many such, the professional force of which will be recognised in Cornhill outside th* Magazine-Office " there; though ît isa't ia this Titmàrshean Granary, but in Tom Brown's, to-day, the ta\e appears; a hoadte33 tale; for it has DO beginning, nor end either," \VeII¿the nameless Dunup Roes to the seaside with his wife,folrlâ/holiday; and hears a comingised sermon of the coming tribu- lation kind, which friglyeas/ his. ^better hali; and they go home and go to; bed; . ¿nd he dreams a dream to which Bottom's bottomless, one was shallow. < It is about a shipwreck,, wherein the Diddler figures 'phantasmagoria cally ; and the visionary sees his fleet of glass wrecked on a reef of visionary i gold." Thereupon he awakens, and recounts th« appa- rition to hts wife, who solves ¡the ' difficulty about the glass in a twinkling! for she. says " you raised your arm, yo« tumbled down-? ¡ and broke the glass with little Margaret's medi- cine in it." Thereupon he; makes some moral reflections ; they have a talk upon 'things ' in general; she puts her hand out ia the- dark, and reeks the cradle of the- medicated infant, and-sings a baby-song about " Birdie^ Birdie," very much in manner bf the Rowleys with their " Tittie" and " Zooy;" and presently the pair are-asleep again, where the poet obligingly leaves them, and probably not a few of his If thia be poetry, what is prose ? If «Byron were horrified at the Waggoner; and Peter Bell of Wordsworth, as contrasted with " him .who drew Achitophel," {Dryden),' what would be be at "little Margaret's medicine bottle" being " tumbled down and broke"/as an incident-in serious composition by the most metaphysical - poet of the latter half of ' the nineteenth cen- tury, and whose compositions command their weight in. gold ?-a ponderous -avoirdupois assuredly, in the abstract and substantial sig- nification of the phrase; a higher price than' did the verse of the authors of the Lay of Childe Harold and Lalla Rookh put together.-It was effu- sions of this Birdie order to babies with the thrush, otherwise croup, that gave the ' real barb to the sting of Giffard's lancings of Leigh Hunt's " Heh Johnny, Johnny, singing nonny-nonny" nonsense ; the same that pointed Maginn's probings of Alaric Watt's chicken- box carolings ; and much the same though in another way, that lent pungency to Macaulay's ticklings of Satan Montgomery's whooping-cough heroics about the ailments of Lucifer's wife, and other brim- stone domestics in the nursery, and cellar. The reputation of the , noble lord himself ,is now suffering from an opposite cause,' the excess of panegyric ; all the notices of his death to-day and yesterday, being composed in the mural tablet style, of, three-piled hyperbole, the effect of which must be most injurious to his enduring -fame. One would think there had never been a writer or speaker worth talking about before; and, as for his talking, all conversationalists rolled into one were nothing to him.. -This melo-dramatic style of portraiture, tawdry minor-theatre enumeration of all imaginable merits, are just the kind of thing that would have most shocked his sense of propriety and fitness, whether as regards himself or others. As for the alleged talk, there are no such talkers, and never were, will, or can be ;. and if anybody wants to know why, the reason will be - found set forth by Macaulay's great criticial predecessor and colleague, Lord Jeffrey, in ' disposing 'bf similar ' fustian concerning a ..much '-more, conspicuous conversationalist; Curran. It will not be found, however,. in the collected, edition of the Jeffrey ' essays, from which the author, whose mind had decayed ere he commenced :'the revision, expunged many of bis best things, but in the original review in I 1820, the same year in which appeared his paper on , female education-a subject one would think had never been touched till the present ti-ne, to judge of the fuss there is being made about it. - i However, it waa never: so ' touched by those ma'n'y in'erested in the handling until' now. Here are Miss Bessie Rayner Fur es, editorially and otherwise assisted by that mellifluous little prize pythoness, Miss Isa Craig, commencing the new year-with a new crusade, against the masculine gender's argument in opposition to tba sex's occupation in fresh departments ol industry. The ladies point their irony as though they wrote with cambric needles, as perhaps they do ; and their Englishwoman's Ma- gazine is an arsenal of all kinds of " arms of precision" against the ' proprietors "of pantaloon J, too often significant of clowns. Some of the personal nomenclature of the crops is not a little Pickwickian; but it may not bo the less effective against the Mantalini tribe for all that. At the West Central Collegiate School we find the lady superintendent named Miss Worth; the pro'essor of. music, Miss Stannynaught ; of drawing, Miss Brass; and of -religious instruction, the Rev. Mr. Maul ; while the name of the secretary to the Society for Pro- moting Employment of Women, is Miss Emily Faithfull-mind a Faithfull with a double I, indicating overflowing fidelity and trustworthi- ness, by way of a hit at the deficiency of these commodities in male functionaries of the class the enterprising Emilymay now be considered the female model of. And apropos of models, it is ra- ther surprising that these ladies sanction the use of corsets and stays, even " on the most scientific principles," 03 they do, by allowing the ad- vertisements of the sale of such contrivances to appear in their magazine. It is commonly understood that the Nora Creina style of attire, " leaving every beauty free to sink or swell as nature pleases," is the toilette patronised by those stalwart femininities who recommend swimming half-a-dozen miles of a winter morn- ing, with the thermometer at 30 degrees, 'by way of acquiring an appetite for breakfast; a* d trundling a wheelbarrow for an hour or two in the eveniDg, with a view to the dislodgment of nightmares from their downy pillows; said down, however, to be composed of h >rse-hair, cocoa-nut fibre, or chopped straw. . As to the gymnastics, one isn't surprised to find among tho announcements that Captain Chiosao, the fencing master, professor of single-stick, broad- sword, wrestling, boxing, pitching the hammer, throwing the hatchet, drawing the bow, and other analagous accomplishments, gives lessons to ladies, in what he calls his new exercises. What these may ~ be are not stated ; bat wo may infer that they embrace the secret of athletic achieve- ments of vast corporeal potentiality and dexte- rity when we find in the next advertisement that cod-liver oil may now be swallowed with- out apprehension of strangulation or apoplexy; -which seem the conditions hitherto attached to the engvilpnaent of that olengenousabomination. And, in reference to drugs, we have Doctor Eli- zabeth Blackwell, in these pages, addressing " young ladies desirous of studying medicine," and telling shem things the very whisper whereof, as bt*ing within the cognisance of an unmarried Englishwoman of respectability, is enough to cause the ghost of Peregrine Pickle's grandmother to shiver in hex coffin at soph on. âertakmgB^, T,h'e period prescribed by Doctor Elizabeth,; for acquiring the- needful knowledge of that ^'.wonderful; piece of ßptk, man," and that much more astonishing piece, woman, is .four-years; - Of- these- one is -to- be- spant-in medical reading, under the direction of a physician or surgeon ; one, in equal mpities, iii an hospital as nurse," and iu a labo- ratory ; a year and a half in America for-col- lege, education and a degree;'-and'six months iat lia Maternité, Paris, acquiring a thorough perception into what our peripbrastical progen- itors r used politely to eall the mysteries ' of Lucina, but what our plain-spoken DrJ Bessy -B. designates midwifery. Practical in all!points, she is not:least so in the main point, the pecu- niary ; and informs us that tbe expense of going through the course indicated- would about JSIOO a-year, " exclusive of, travelling, clothes, -books, and instruments, but inclus ve of board, public tuition, and some private] instruction/-' ?She adds that there should be i some indepen- dent means in reserve for the first j two or. three years after commencing practice ; for no one, she says, should cal suinta on i imjuedia'e | success: Surely this, must, be a . mistake, the result of a diffidence one wouldn't expect to meet with in' such' a quarter. Why the) success' would be transcendent, stupendous,' overpower- ing. : Where is the. anatomist whose nose wouldn't be pat out of joint in any J reasonable man's head by a female physiologist " between the ' age bf twenty and thirky,"| "which l>octor - iSiizaoettt Fays is tho physical prima of; a physician ess. And. a "prime time it is too; though it is to be feared that disease.of the heart is rather prevalent about that period among, the delicate practitioners, and that they would be likely to communicate the complaint to their patients, or rather impa- tients, especially if shampooing formed part of the system! It generally does With those revi: valist females, who seem to think that every man is born an acrobat, and can put his feet in [ his waistcoat pocket, or his head under his coat- tail; without inconvenience. Perhaps you'll 'say that this is no laughing matter; nor is it; practical jokes seldom are, and impracticable ones 8 till »rn ore uafrequently. Biit in proof of the gravity of what we are talk- ing,about, it should be told that this Doctor "Elizabeth Blackwell waa assisted in her medical ; studies, or rather in obtaining, facilities for pur- suing them, in London, several years ago, agaiuBt all. the prejudices that prevail here; and. to which our. medical, s'.udents .generally give expression in, the most undraped , and 'highly^ articulated : phraseology, i by . no less a person than Archdeacon Stopford. This is the very reverend gentleman who lately 'dis- sected the Ulster spiritual, manifestations,; and proved them to be mere varieties of hysteria^;: -a demonstration he was particularly qualified to make,'from, the circumstance of his havirig been long engaged, in the reclamation ofLsaoial . evil in this Babylon of ours.- The Archdeacon thinks, tb at the healing art is one; that the weakerjvessel would be.par^icuXarly strong in ; and there are few of the . stronger .vessels who wouldn't be disposed to assist in' affording that divine theory, concerning ministering angels a fairfield and most* gracious favour' for opera- tion. But despite the Archdeacon, and Doctor Bessy Blackwell,, and., Editor.' Bessie Parkes, about the new fields for. female labour,"the pith of all their preaahments is in a postscript of a lady's letter, at the end of the magazine, saying that " the grand aim of social reformers should be to increase the number of marriages ;"--and .to this the estimable sisterhood of spinsters con- ducting the periodical have nothing to; say, and, for a.wonder, say nothing. But they might have said something, and to the purpose too. They might have, said that as one of the ? main businesses of society just now is, not to make marriages, but to unmake them, ' as is testified by the Divorce Court, where there is so much work in hand that it will . be the 1st of April, 1851, before ariy separation now entered upon can be legalised, lady advocates should be ad- mitted to do the abusive on either, side. Can there be a question they would do it cordially, con amore, con spiri o, con faoco, confound ihgly ? As for the impropriety! of such exhibitii ns, what is there more objectionable in a spinster counsel than in a bachelor arbitrator? 'Isn't Sir Cresswell) Cresswell' the ' grand inquisitor over all those burning shames that should cause those who make them to be roasted at an auto da fe?--locale sacred to ribs destined for the sacrifice ; and does anybody say that his decisions are j invalid because he is not ; a' Pater ; Familias, and knows nothing about cracked - china, family jars, turning the house out of ; windows, ruling the roast, grey mares being bettet horses, owners of petticoats becoming wearers of more virile garments, and other entertain- ments which pertain to disjunctive conjugality? Assuredly not; and why therefore shouldn't we have crinolined doctors of Doctor's Commons, as well as .horse-haired and stuff-and-silk gowned ones ? and if a woman may be an M.D. why not an L.L.D. ; or a D.D. for the mattet of that; though most people perhaps will say that one d, and that a little one, if in italic, is sufficiently indicative , of the' attributes OJ the sex. . . ; . . There are two works out to-day of unwonted merit that will command, as they deserve, more attention, both on account of the subjects and the authors, than any that have appeared for a very considerable time. One is the Indian Diary" of ' that paragoned correspondent who J has ? done ". for; his contemporaries in regard to the campaigns of the Crimea and the Ganges what Napier has done for posterity in regard to the Peninsula ; and done it too not only with like fire and fidelity in res- pect to vivid portraiture, and accurate delinea ! tion of.detail, hut in an equal spirit of justice and fairplay to all sides, an equal solicitude in I the interests of truth for its own sake. Mr. ! Russell, however, speaks out with a frankness I and reserve in these two volumes that he could not well employ while the incidents he chroni I cled for rapid publication were occurring. Here the whole story of the mutiny is told ; and told j in a Way that will diminish tho astonishment of the British public at that amazing explosion, and will vastly enhance their astonishment, but not their approbation, of the way in which it was put down. The disclosures on the latter head are indeed startling; and they will revive more interest of a peculiar kind tban can be imagined till they are read ; and this every one will of course hasten to do. The second work is a very elaborate and masterly Narra- tive of Lard Elgin's Mission to China and Japan, by Mr. Laurence Oliphant, his lordship's secre- tary, and than whom it is impossible that any one could recount the strange story of the strange proceedings in those remote waters more skilfully and satisfactorily, alike from his rare opportunities of observation and his prac- tised literary capacity, as testified by many of the most deservedly popular of recent books of travel in divers latitudes, and in both hemi spheres. The present -work has all the intereit of a romance in entirely untrodden ground, told in a style of vivacity and freshness seldom met with, but wholly free from straining after effect ; áuhaa_the.graver.interest of a political record of gre &t; moment ; and ia a most important con- tribution to the history of events certain to work, and already-working vast changes tn tbe> relaiio- s'of the two great branches of the human family, the western and the oriental. Like Mr. Russell's, the book is superiorly produced, with every aid of pictorial decoration and attractiveness.- >?? i 