WTTfiE-BWEET— 80 18 THE WORLD. 1 ? wjaua. I Chut** XVX1X. , I «»sw ug mtion. I Ow poi»t in Swrfwa'a conduct st thia time pnnled Kra. Ksubba sad-bar aca alike : tWa waa the caution 'f vialta to the cottage. ' It km incon»i»tent with u- unworthy pupow of which they vaguely au» feMtd him, and InooniUtent, alio, with the love which Jijjci, at least, believed that he iheriahoA tomrdi Madonna. Mtt, Kaiftba wm of a, remarkably ?*2* 9* character, which, had it not been for th* aoaeabig influence of a etrong religion* tendency, wonld undoubtedly have been one of nanh and un limitei aererit jr. Am it waa ahe knew no medium Between extremes ; with her ain wae tin, tight vVae ngnt. and www wnmr. without ear reference what. «vet to contingent circumstances. Stephen Thornley hiA^tmed, far ihe never doubled the truth of the letter' or itt application to Stephen from the moment ahe had received it. He had differed and wai suffer ing ; well, it was his punishment, and he deserved it. He did not go to the cottage now, and there was probably tome misunderstanding between him and Hiss Lea; perhaps ahe had refused his love, or perhaps his conacitnce blamed him for that whieh he thought waa hia secret. Either way he had not renounced the sin on which he was encaged, for she wis tore that the Less knew not a word of what ahe knew ; there fere, all the suffering that Jabez aud he was under going was but an appropriate punishment of his ?bstinacy. Well, then, her own duty in the case, wis it to openly aay what she knew? That would be publicly to diagram him, and Mra- Lea was a woman, and shrank from that, Iforeover ahe had let an affection to the aad, earnest, erring young be come entwined with her love for— ah- then it was, eouid she bear te see her son's distress? Well, then should she go to Stephen Thornley, tell him what she knew, and implore him to cease from the crooked path which would lead to destruction? Where were htr proofs of her knowledge if she took such* contact Gone, scattered in a hundred shreds, aad rottin* in the gutters. She must be silent then. She wu; but the good mistaken woman built up in her heart the pyramid of Borrowing belief in her hiBefactor'a guilt, higher and broader, and stronger, and 'darker day by day. Wot so with Jabez. Before the more intimate intercourse which he had latterly held with his master, and before the calm and silent aspect that his aonrow had assumed, the boy's suspicion melted like elonds before the sun. He conjectured at once that Madonna had refused him, and that he was seeking for consolation whent Jabez well knew consolation was to be found ; hia only wonder wss that hia master found it not. There was a mystery he ? -could not fathom in the letter his mother had received ; but what of that, had he never met with unfathomable mysteries before f What of tbe angel's tear that had once fallen on his hand } What ol the wonder Ae found in every chapter of his mother's Red Book? AVhat of fifty things he saw round him dailv { No, Jaber/e faith in his master wss firm, and should never be shaken by mysteries. As label's trust in Mr. Thornley increased, a fecl isg oi resentment towards aiaaonna as tne cause ot his grief almost unconsciously took possession of his mind. {iretchen waa as firmly impressed on the other side. She deeply loved her mistress, and was grieved st the air of harrassed anxiety that was growing upon ber — the consequence of wnat she supposed was Mr. Thornley 's desertion of her. Thus she and Jabez Beldam met but they very nearly quarrelled. ' She's (growing thinner an thinner, an' she'll be no more nor a faithful shadow afore long,' said the girl one day, with tearful eyes. ' And serve her right, said Jabez, who had been brooding over hia master's wrongs. Gretchen turned round angrily. ' Does it serve her right, Master Jabez ? It'a all' very well for you to aay serve her right, that don't know my young lady. But you don't care what comes on pretty Miss Donna, so you can keep all light for your precious Mr. Stephen, that hasn't got as much good in the whole on him ss Miss Donna has in her little finger, there now. One of her hairs is worth the whole lot on him, it is ; there now.' ' All right,' said Jabez, with a forbearing smile. UA11 right? Bnt I say it aint all right by a long ehalk. She's wasting away to a ghost, an' Dr. Allan don't come often now, and she nates Mr. £dcuarde an' the rest of them, an' it's all Mr, Stephen's fault.' ''Be good sow, Gretchen,' and Jabez actually stopped her mouth with a kiss. She pushed him away indignantly. 'You be good, Jabez. You'd be mote like good if you let me tell Miss Donna what she's a right to know. After all, what'a this Mr. Stephen of yours, with all his glumneas end soft speaking, but just a thief.' ' Grety !' ' Tea ; just a cowardly, creeping thief.' ' If you vme a boy, Gretchen, I'd knock you down. You're a gill, and I can't. Good bye. I'll not come back to mother's while you're here.' Before Gretchen could speak, he had leaped a fence, and was striding away through the bushes. She stood confounded for a moment, but she could ? leap a fence also, and the next she was running after him as fast as ahe could. Jabez walked on in wounded dignity, and pretended not to hear her ; but just aa she readied him, ahe trod upon her skirt and fell violently forward. Onlv his extended arms aaved her fiom a severe fall. However, as soon ss he had lifted her, he said sternly, ' Go home, Gretchen. What did you follow me for ?' ' You come too,' sobbed Gretchen, 'I don't want you to go away in a rage.' ' I'm not in a rage, I'm only Berry ; go home, Gretchen.' ' I won't, unless you come. I didn't mean to say that ere.' ' You did ; don't tell a lie. Go home, 1 tell you.' ' I won't say it any more,' pleaded Gretchen. ' Say what you like. Go end tell Miss Donna all, and I'll go tell the master. He'U find out how to make all right, I know.' ' I won't ; I'll never say another word about it at all. An' if you won't come home with me, I'll just ait down here, an' never go home myself any more.' And Gietcben threw henelf on a bank, ana sobbed bitterly. Jabez couldn't leave her so, and he sat down beside her en the bank, and — well, boys and pirls quarrel everr day, and every dav makeup their quarrels. Before he had done Jabez quite persuaded Gretchen of Stephen's innocence. ' And Grety,' he said as they walked together towards his mother's house, after the reconciliation, ' it will all be right in the end you'll see, and then — if Miss Donna and Mr. Stephen gets married will you marry me, Grety r ' ' Yei,' said Grety, blushing for the first and last time in her life. When they reached home they found there en unexpected visitor. Stephen Thornley had suddenly taken it into his head that * there could be no. harm in making a visit to Mrs. Knibbs, and I dare say my reader will laugh when I aay that he also thought there could be no harm in a glance at the cottage when he was so near to it ; if he caught a glimpse of Madonna in the garden or met her on the steamer or on the road, why, there could be no harm in that neither. So Stephen walked into Mrs. Knibbs'a front room with his usual quiet ' How do you do,' and, when Jabez and Gretchen entered, was seated with David at his side, busily explaining the pictures in the marvellous picture book aforementioned. ' Well, Jabez,' he said, looking up with a smile of doubtful expression, ' you see I am out again, my boy.' ' Yes, Sir, I'm glad of it ; but you didn't say you were coming this motninp, Sir r' ' No, I'm nearly as whimsical as Robert, Jabez, and I didn't think of it this morning.' ' I'm glad you came, though, bir reiterated the boy, 'it will do you good. Aiid mother's glad, too, I'm sure,' he added, anxiously. ' Yes, Sir, lam,' said Mia. Knibbs gravely; ' I am always happy to see Mr. Thornley, to whom I owe the comforts which I prize most for my dear boy's sake. But if I cauld moke you only happier Mr. Thornley, if I could only take away the sadnegs which tortures you, and see the smile of a peaceful heart upon your fate. I would be glad to starve again— yes, and to see my beys starve, too.' ' I know it, I am sure of it ; but don't say any more about it,' said Stephen, rising impetuously and starting for the door— a movement pommon to him, if ever the conversation anywhere turned upon him self particularly. Gretchen stood in the doorway, speculating with wide open eyes on the future history of the gentleman who was now about to brush past her. Suddenly, however, he drew up. ' Eh, ah, you're Miss— Mrs. Lea's eirl, are you not?' ' Please, sir, yes,' said Gretchen, who had con ceived a etrong respect for Mr. Thornley within the last hour. ' TJm,' said Stephen,' all well at home, eh ?' 'Please, Sir, Miss Donny is,' and Gretchen looked at Jabeain triumph, with the evident opinion that* ahe had made a vsry decided witticism. Jabez turned ?way hit face, but even the imperfect profile showed tight of ► broad pin. a Stephen coughed and frowned, 'Are the other ladies ailing, then i ' : ? ' Not as I know on, Sir,' Gretchen spoke rathfer eiUlenly, with a wounded sense being misunder stood. 'Ah, well, give thnn my compliments. Good day. Good day, Mrs. Knibbs. Jabeic, look after Robert before you come home.' And Stephen went down the road to the steamer with hia eyes bent to the ground in his wonted grave mood. In Stephen's perplexed state ol mind be would have given all he possessed, exoept life, to obtain Something like satisfaction and peace ; he would bave forced himself into the palace of kings, or crept into the liovt 1 of a beggar, if so he could hope to reach thia desideratum. No wonder, then, that on that morning he had suddenly recollected the woman who was religious in poverty; aad, while obliged to cloths ber children in rags, nevertheless penevered in teaching them that tbey were heirs of an eternal kingdom. How ever. when he reached her cottage, the confused state of hU mind made his conversation rather incoherent. One moment the uppermost thought waa, 'I have lost Madonna;' the next, 'I must gain religion.' Mm, Knibbs' perpetual attempts to hint on the sub ject of which she dared not speak plainly did not tend to clarify their discourse. ' Mrs. Knibbs,' said Stephen, a few minutes after he had entered, and interrupting aa embarrassed silence with an equally embarrassed smile, ' Mrs. Knibbs, do you know, I came here to tell you I am in lover' ?' Well, sir, I am happy to hear it.' ' Are you ? _ It's more than I am to say it, then.' ' Why bo, air t It ought to be a pleasant thing to you.' « 'No, it ought not, Mrs. Knibbs, for the lady's got too much sense to have anything to do with me,' ' How do you know that, sir t ' She told me so.' Mrs. Knibbs was silent a moment, fofaVW what she should aay, Thenf ' Well, air, there ia only one place to seek consolation for such a aoirow aa that.' Stephen winced impatiently. ' I know what you mean, Mrs. Knibbs, and 1 have sought there, and found only rebuffs.' ' Perhaps you didn't seek in the right way, sir.' ' Ah ! 'said Stephen, bitterly ; ' that ia what all you people say who call yourselves religious. You have found this mystical ' right way,' and arc safe : but we, sinners, unregenerate, have not found it, ana arc— not very much different from the generality of you, after all. But I wish I found it, I wish I found it ! ' he sighed. Strong-minded woman as Mrs. Knibbs was, her eyes grew humid at the sigh that betokened the tumult within, snd her memory wandered back to the time when, she, too, said earnestly, I wish I found it. Again she thought of the sin which ahe believed walled off Stephen from the 'right way,' andper euasively said, 'There must be some sacrifices made, Mr. Thornley.' ' Sacrificcs ! What would I not sacrifice for peace.' ' Anything— everything I' ' ' Would you sacrifice your sins, Sir r' Her pene trating glance wbb thrown away upon Stephen Tnorn ley, who laboured under no sense of particular guilt, but under a general sense of want, which all noble-minded men, not Christians, have felt in a larger or lesser degree. ' Si*B,' cried Stephen indignantly, ' in what am I guilty : You all say the same thing. It is the very jargon of cant. ' Miserable comforters are ye all.' He ceased for a moment, then said, ' Forgive tee, Mrs. Knibbs ; I am over-hasty. But my poor mother has enough to grieve her with my aurly looks, and 1 could not add to her this burden of spoken miseiy. My trouble was greater than I could silently bear, and I knew of none others from whom I could seek comfort but you. I came, and you meet me with the dialect in which all good people apeak. It is cold and harsh to me, for I am half- wild with a fever of thought.' He laid his head on the back of the chair, while his strong frame shook with the anguish he was striving to suppress. This wss more than even Mrs. Knibbs could bear in calmness. She rose, and laying her hand on his bowed head, spoke with a very uncertain voice words of deeper feeling than she often uttered : ' Mr. Thornley, I am an old woman, and you are a young man ; I will speak as age may to youth. You are my btnefactor ; I owe to you all I have, and I am not ungrateful. But more than this. I loved you from the moment I first saw you, with the love I bear to my own children. Scom it not, Mr. Thornley ; hearts arc independent of poverty or wealth. But hear me, Sir. God and yourself alone know the ain that thus darkens your soul. But I gromise you, by the true word of the God of Truth, that when you relinquish that ain and go to Hi m in faith, you shall have peace and joy. Iu the name of Christ I promise it.' He looked up a melancholy smile, ' I thank you, I thank you. You still speak in that dialect, yet it well clothes comforting thoughts. But you speak of sin. I assure you, as I stand here, I assure you that my consrienBC accuses me of no sin but th we of in-, voluntary thought.' ' Let us say no more about it, then,' answered Mrs. Knibbs sadly, as ehe went back to her work. Stephen sate silent until little David's entrance, when he commenced interpreting pictures to him, an occupation which he continued until the appearance of Jabez and Gretchen. 