EVENTS OF THE MONTH. From August 10th to August 17th. The dismally dull, dank, dirty, drenching weather of last week has been suceeded by a week of the finest weather one could ever wish for. The sky was as bright and cheerful as if it re- joiced in having put off its sombre garb, and the warm and genial sunshine has revived and cheered all hearts, whether of squatter or agriculturist, merchant or shopman, peeler or postboy, peer or printer. Whether or not the members of the Legisla- tive Council were anxious to make the most of the fine weather, we can't say, but there were only nine present on tuesday After debating for some time the propriety of postponing the Tenders Regulation Bill and the Unoccupied Crown Land Occupation Bill-and which post- ponement was strongly pressed by the representa- tive the government-they succeeded in pass- ing these measures through their second reading, and then adjourned for a week Mr. Galloway and others strongly protested against the busi- ness of the country being delayed because hon. members chose to go to their stations So do we. The case of " Fidlet v. Jones" has been again brought under discussion this week, and some- thing his transpired that certain parties would never have " let out" of then own accord. It appeals that Jones was arrested just at the time of tho Warwick election; that, being the Secretary of Mr Gore'committee his detention was inconvenient; and that his friends accord- ingly procured his temporary release by giving the bailiff a cheque for the amount. A receipt for the cheque was written on the back of the warrant, and, after Jones had served the pur- pose for which he had been thus temporarily reprieved, the bailiff accommodatingly cancelled the receipt, gave back the cheque, and re-arrested his prisoner. Mt. Fidlet was blamed by many for the refu- sal of the cheque bofore the dodge was made apparent, but that gentleman is undoubt- edly free from all blame on that score, A cor- respondent suggests that the Libel Bill should be made retrospective in its provisions for Jones especial benefit, but this is hardly with while when he is so soon likely to be released by means of the public subscription, which now amounts to £85. We understand that the Government have accepted the tender of the A.S.N. Co. for the northern mail service on very favourable terms. The contract is to last until next March twelve- month The now boat is to be put on the line as soon as she arrives out from home, and the Tamar is to be at once replaced by the Clarence -a boat that we anticipate will give no room for fault-finding, she being well fitted for the service. 'Hie Waratah aimed hero last Satin day aftoi noon, having put back al Lei Loing 120 milos to tho southwaid on account of the shortrcss ofhei coal supply and the badness of the weathoi Hie lamar, which loft Mai}boiough township on the 4ih, only arrited here on tuesday last, she hating been detuined insido the Wido liny har from the 5th to the 13th All ac- counts stem to veil ty tho statement oí Caplnin Paddle, of the Boomerang, time lho weatha was novei worso loi shipping The 1 xpicss, a bug ol 315 tons, commanded by Captain Union, aiiivcd on thu llthfioin I ondon, which poit she left on the 2Uli of \pnl Silo brings a caigo of general lneiclnn disc, consigned to Mes-is J mid G Hams, and otlici purtles 'Hie entuo horse Suffolk, which auived lime by the last trip of the Yarra Yarra, has been hold puvutul} I y Mcssis Kau and Co The purchnsei was Mi E. Uindei, of liedion llioul, and tho price p ud £400 Mr Jumes Collins, the co itractor foi (he con- tera ice of the dall} mail between tiny 11 ice und I j s i icli, has been obligpil to MU lender Ins estate toi Hie benefit ot his cioihtois, mid lho mt t nig ot thu mail his accordingly dovolud up II II H Mirct'es, Mcssis B. Davidson and M Wallace, wlm, wo mid scarcely sa}, ure fir liom heilig oveijo}ed at the ni rangement. List Monda} the huises got away tuto the bath, hiving become J unmanageable.» The, roau-ua^i wore, "lii.wk.od off"i tho brute upon which they wero strapped, hut vvere immeJiately recovered. Wo believe the horses ore still at large. The North Australian reports that the com misssion of enquiry into the-conduct of Messrs. Boyle and Halloran, Commissioners of Crown Lands, is to he entrusted to Mr. Jones, the bar- rister, but we have since heard tho statement .Oiltrudieted. The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were held on Monday and Tuesday list, when the fol- lowing cases were decided :-Fitzgerald v. Slack ; an action brought by James Filzgerald against William Slnck, for that the latter did wrongly deprive the former of a bay colt, valued at £10, and also for the recovery of money lent by virtue of aipromissory note ; in which the jury returned a verdict for defendant on the first count, for the plaintiff on tho second count, namely, £17 Cs. 5d., the amount of the promissory note.-Union Bank v. Fenwick ; the amount claimed hy plaintiffs was £40 16s 6d., on a promissory note, together witli 10 per cent, interest up to tho ''day of judgment ;" judgment was given for plaintiffs, togther with ¡0 per cent, interest up to the time of the note falling due.-Same v. Same. This wu8 a similar case to the last, and a like verdict was returned.—The following cases were decided in favour of the plaintiffs :—Rossiter and another v. Insley, £30 ; Pauley v. Melville, £25 2s. Gd. : Warry v. Melville, £41 8s. ; Zillman v. Barr, £20, 6s. ; Warry v. D'Arcy, £21 12s. Id. ; Groom v. Lopdell, £28 8s. 1d. ; Compigne v. Warnotl, £20. The court was thon adjourned till (his day, for the trial of the criminal cases. The Rockhampton Races wero held on the 24th, 25tb, and 26th ult. Thirteen races came off, the greater part of which were well contested. Thej prizes certainly Were not very high, but this did not mar the amusement. The Race Ball took place at the Rockhampton Hotel, and caine off willi great eclat. There vvere 59 prisoners in the common gaol of Brisbane last Monday. Mern.-" Accommo- dation" is provided for 44 ! At the weekly meeting of the Brisbane Town Council on Monday last, it was resolved to borrow money for the permanent foundation of the streets. Much correspondence has appeared durng the week relative to Dr. Lang's vessels. The son of thei rev. gentleman ably defends his absent father, but ho will have to write a very great deal if he takes the troublo to reply to all that the,Doctor's assailants say. The Ipswich Herald-which was so dreadfully hard upon us in its Tuesday's issue that we have scarcely recovered the shock,-contradicts a re- port that it is about to give up the ghost, and classically aflirms that it is " alive and kicking," and,hopes to live to follow some of its seniors to the,grave. We cannot join in the samo wish, as we jiavoiio seniors, uor eau we wish any such evil of our juniors, as wo have no desire to seo the " grave " of journalism opened-no ! not even for our .verdantly juvenile con tem., the Herald. A spirited meeting has been held at Ipswich, for the purpose of petitioning the government to " adopt such measures as »ill load most effectu- ally to secure an early and ellicient search for a payable gold-hold." The Mayor occupied the chair, and highly - as well as justly-eulogised Captain Mechojk, who has1 offered to head any prospecting expedition tbuj. may be fitted out. The memorial was pro- posed by Mr. J. Kent, read by Mr. W. Coote, and seconded by Mr. J. M. Thompson, and a com- mittee was appointed to seo that it was properly forwarded. At tho request of the Mayor, Mr. Coote addressed tho meeting, and made an able and effective speech, giving much valuable information relative to the results of gold discoveries, as witnessed in Victoria. The ipswich Ueiald has the following: " Our readers will be pleased to leam that the costly organ for St. Paul's Church--the gift of Messrs. Moffat and Bell-has arrived in Sydney per Bercngaria, and is expected in Ipswich by the next or following steamer. It has been decided to dispense altogether with an organ gallery ; instead of which the organ will be placed on a platform ruined about three feot from the floor, and near to the eastern door of the church. A groat expenso will thus bo saved ; and at the same time it will be much better for the sound. Mr. D. Bothuno has already received an ordor to erect tho platform, and, all things propitious, the organ will be fixed in its destined position in the course of a few weeks at the most. The exterior of tho instrument, as far as can bo judged by the desiga for the front, now in pos- session of tlio Jlov. L. II. Rumsoy, is very beauti . ful, and, morely in an architectural point of view, will prove a most attractive ornament to the building. It is neither a very small nor a very che.ip church organ-that is, it is not cheap in. the sonsa of having cost very little money; but, built by Walker, one of the best known of organ-builders, under tlie superintend- ence of Mr Hopkins, organist of the Templa Church, the tone of tlio instrument may be asiumcd beforehand by anyone but a Very learn«"' critic to be excellent." Aman named Thom« San^ersml h(w die(1 at roowoombs, from tho <:~eds of ¡DJUrie3 received by tho kkk o* a horMi ..ne D. D. Gazette complains that the mail arrangements between Drayton and Ipswioh are very faulty. It seems that one up mail avrives there at 8 p.m. on Saturday, and that the letters are not delivered until Sunday morning ; while the down mail is made up on Saturday night, and starts early next morning-thus effeotually pre- venting correspondents from replying to letters. With regard to the weather our Drayton contemporary states that his locality has been visited by a considerable fall of rain, but that it had all cleared olT by Wednesday, and there was every indication of an early spring. The paragraph further says :-" We regret to hear that several of our .neighbours have sustained rather severe losses in the lambing-some whoso flocks bad commenced tlie lambing with every prospect of a good per centago having lost GOO and moro lambs through tho incle mency of tho weather.'* -« From August 17 to August 24. TUB political circles of Brisbane havo been busily engaged during tho week in discussing tho Land Bills introduced into the House by. tho Ministry, entitled, respectively, " A Bill to provide for tho Alienation ot Crown Lands," and " A Bill to provide for the Leasing of Crown Lands previously occupied." Both these measures aro condemned for the simple reason that thoy do not meet the requirements of the colony. At tho mooting held this evening at the School of Ails the delects ol' tlio principal bill were ably exposed, nnd tliero cannot bo a doubt but that an irremediable injury would be inflicted upon the colony if such a measure wero to hu passed without amendment. The Assembly met agaii on Tuesday, very feyv of the country members being absent, and went to business earnestly ; and tho Council has boon engaged in the delectable occupation of undoing what has boon done, by proposing und carrying all sorts of amendments in bills, which arc vory likely HOÍ to be accepted by the Assembly. News was received by the last English mail of the death of one of our oldest and most res- pected colonists, George Farquhar Leslie, Esq., who died at Farnborough House, Hants, on the 23rd June last, of an attack of hemorrhage of the lungs. Mr. Leslie was the earliest of the pioneer settlers in this district, and took an active part in the early progress of this now flourishing colony. He was the first represent- ative of the Clarence and Darling Downs district in the New South Wales Parliament, and was one of the strongest and most zealous advocates for separation at the 30th parallel. The coach and horses recently employed by the contractor (Mr. Collins) in running the daily mail between this town and Ipswich, have been purchased by Mr. Joseph Booth, the mail contractor, for £401, who has recommenced running the vehicle on the line. A forgery bus been lately discovered of a £5 note of tho AiMrali'in Joint Stock Hank. The particular note we speak ol' was shown to us by Mr. JncLson, accountant of that bank, who will dotiblle-s exhibit it to any one who is anxious to avoid being victimized hy such a thorough " take in." The forger has adroitly changed £1 notes into '' Fivers " by chemically extracting tho " O-H " in " One,'1 and cloverly turning thu " One " into " Five." The forgery is so woll oxocntud that nono but a close obsorvor would take any notice of it. I The. rascality will, he, easily dc.tçc.lo.d,*lwv«QYcr, if every one will narrowly examine tbo notes they muy have tendered to them, since it would not pay a forger to alter the myriad of "one pound's " which appear as the " ground " of the body of tlie note, and which are only to bo made out by a vigorous cxerciso of the visual organs. Holding the note up to the light will also aid detection, for, wherever it may have been altered, some signs of thinness or erasure will be apparent, A melancholy, and wc regret to say, fatal accident occurred on Friday last. A little gill, named Caroline Smith, and her brother Walter, a hoy of 8 or IO years of agc, were playing together at "spearing." The buy had a piece of pine about l8 inches long, which was slightly pointed at ono end, but not more so than the small finger of an adult person. With this he attempted to spear a target on the fence, and, according to the evidence, the piece of pine, or supposed spear, rebounded, and struck tho poor child in or immediately under the ear, thereby fracturing the skull and driving a portion into the brain She was instantly carried into her parents' house, where she was promptly attended by Dr. Cannan. The wound, however, proved fatal, and the poor little sufferer expired on Sun- day morning. One of the most interesting and instructive lectures we have ever heard in our School of Arts was delivered on Monday evening, to a "crowded house," by Sir Chivies Nicholson. The subject of the lecture was the "Overland Route," the scenes through which it passes being delineated in a striking manner, and the lecturer was aided by a beautiful collection of photographs. The worthy baronet received the hearty thanks of the audience at the end of the lecture. The eighteenth monthly meeting of Building Society, No. 3, was held on Momlay evening at the Police Oflice. About £320 wera received, and twelve shares were disposed of at an average of 22 per cent, interest. At the Supreme Court on Saturday last Kimboo, a Chinaman, was convicted of mur- dering Garrick Burns, on the Clifton Station, on the 24th of June last. The trial occupied the whole of that day, lasting till 5 o'clock, p.m. The jury, after a consultation of two hours, returned a verdict of guilty, with a strong re- commendation to mercy. In the case of the Queen v. Woods, for murder, Mr. Jones (bar- rister for prisoner) applied for a postponement of the trial on account of tlie absence of James B. Tymons, a witness for the Crown, but who, he expected, would give raaforial evidence in favor of the prisoner. The application, on the concurrence of tho-Attoruey General, was com- plied with.-On , Wednesday the Attorney General moved for a rule nisi calling upon James 13. Tymons, the abscit witness in the above case, to show cause why an attachment should not he issued agiinst lum for dis- obedience, he having hoon served with a sub poona on the I nth of Juno lest, requiring him to attend at the present sittings under a penalty of £100. After some explanation the rule was granted, and made rotiirmble on the 1st day of the foul th Term. On Wednesday oveniig Mr. Coote de- livered a lecture in the School of Arts on " tho elements d' colonial prosperity." The lecturor treated his'subject in a masterly manner, and intends pullisliing it in the form of a pamphlet. I ' The third of the ¿aries of ''Readings" passed off with great i eclat, in the School of Arts on Tuesday evming, Tlie following readings were given:-The President, Mr. Justico Lutwyche, Coleridge's. '. Ancient Mari- ner," ? with, great effect.. Mr. Boyce then read one of Dickens' Carols, a ghost story. Mr. Mac- donald followed with tint beautiful description of the " Night before tlio Battle of Waterloo," which- forms part of Byron's Childe Harold. Mr Compton closed lho evening's entertninmont with a chapter from tile Pickwick Papers, which, as usual, delighted the uudience. The anniversary services in connection with the Baptist Chapel wera held this week, and on Thursday evening the members and congregation had their tea meeting. In the evening several1 addresses were given. In the Municipal Council on Wednesday last the report of the Improvement committee was read, recommending that a' culvert or log bridge be erpcted across the road in Spring Hol- low,and that the portion of Edward-street from Queen to Mary-streets should be permanently formed, and twenty feel metalled in the centre of the ro«d. * From a lotter written hy the Right Rev-Bishop of, Brisbane, to the Rev." A. l'orson, it appears, Uiat from the diocese of Salisbury, and fror.i col- lections made in other towns; he lind rcoeivei' on behalf of his speoial fund £608Q 13« 4j of which sums he hopes that £40-^ " bo ¿on sidored as an annual sn^m.¡,ltiu t¿ be coll. unned five years. «^ Sooie|; fm. Promutil)g Uiristinn JS.n-ff)edsû lm(] ^^ |jbenil ßrantof . .", whilst the Society for lho Propagation of fie Gospel in Foroign Burts lud paid the pas- sages of six out of seven of the clergymen who will accompany his lordship. The Bishop further states that, besides the seven olergymen, one lay reader, and three schoolmasters, another olergyman, lie hopes, will shortly follow him, with some others with whom he has been in com- munication. From an Ipswich paper, wo learn that on the : 13th instant a mun named Richard Cooker dis- appeared from Rosevale. Ile started on the 14th to look for his horse, and has not been heard of since. His emplo}cr, Mr. King, tracked him n short distance on the road to Ipswich, hut could ascertain nothing further. Blnoka have been employed in the search, hut without success. Mr. King is of opinion that the lost man may bo suffering from delirium tremens. From the D. D, Gazette we loam that a man named William Pickering, while digging a post hole at Jondaryan, fell down in a state of stupor from which ho nover recovered. The Coroner (Dr. Armstrong) held an inquest. It appeared that the deceased had been for a long time suf- fering from disease of tho heart, by which his death was ocoasionei!. of1 one evi wh t Baj mo ( del Wi the Ci, poi Qui Bri Tin big oth me elm the lan bir Sill sta lan sue the "¿Í nei lod agí liai ont me mu the rod we sts the the in i aro ma bul figi hat as, Fri goc one tho AL' the sys red effe att< iioi inl ¡uti rep Foi pal the up utn dm wei Coi Th vit of From August 24 to August 31. DuniNct the week tho ministry have gained a questionable triumph, and the liberal causo has sustained a temporary defeat, by the apostney of one man. Mr Forbes, one of the members for Ipswich, spoko decidedly against the second ivading of tho Land Bill and declared his inten- tion of voting with tho opposition, but, when the division carno about, that personiigo deliberately counted the numbers, and seeing that it was a » tie"-12 to 12-ho wont over to the ministerial benches, and thus, hy his renegadism, gave that party n majority of two Had it not been for this, the Speaker would havo been called upon for his casting vote, mid practice would have compelled him to give his vote in favour of the bill, but such a course would have been tanta- mount to a defeat for the ministry. As it is, they have little to plume thenifiolvos about in their meagre victory, although every man on their honclies cheered hoartily-oven Mr, Her- bert and his "echo" (Royds); und we have no doubt that some steps will yot be talton lo ro cover the small spice of vantage ground lost by the liberal party. The short hill for the Leasingof Crown Lands already occupied, brought in by the ministry simultaneously with the bill for the Alienation of Crown Lands, passed tho seoond reading on Thursday, much to the disgust of all who "wish to soo tho country populated mid prosperous, but much to tho delight of those members of tho House who can- not in conscience look upon themselves us tho- roughly " disinterested parties." The object of this bill is simply to give the Downs and o thor largo squatters peipotuity of tenuro, for, although tho bill professes to reservo a cortuin degree of controlling power to the government., it is gener- ally admitted Unit the largo run holder may snap his fingers at any such provisions. Among other important matters during tho week, the Assembly ln"s, by a majority of three, kicked out the Report of the Committee on the Judicial Khtahlisliniont, the uniinus and object of which wo have already remirlted upon. _ Hon. menihjr.s also got to work upon the Estimates this morning, and a few itoms ivero passod. In tho Legislative Council, Captain O'Connell has succeeded Sir Charles Nicholson in the Presi- dential chair, and the latter geutloin an loft by tho Clarence for the north-mi, nB his friends will bo plowed to hoar, "in searoh of health, nnd borne down hy the fatigue, ot' hia arduous aitdMsnonaiblttdiiUQi^^ Ai (ha Municipal Council on Monday, some discussion was provoked by a motion of Alder- man Cribb's, relative to the drainage of Frog's Hollow, he contending that the Council are mak- ing the new drain nt too high a level. Nothing came of it, however, na the majority of the Coun- cil are righteously disponed to think more about the property of the public than that of a single individual. On Thursday evening last, an interesting and instructivo lecture was delivered by Dr. Barton, in the Hall of the School of Arts, on the subject of " Climate." A numerous nnd attontive audi- ence was assembled, and much interest was evinced. We give extracts from the lecture else vv here. Wo regret to observe that the Rev. T. Deacon, Baptist minister, Ipswich, expired on Wednesday morning last. On Monday evening, an interesting lecture was delivered in the School of Arts, by the Rev. S. Wilkinson, on the subject of " Alcohol versus the Brain." The Hon. M. 0. O'connell, M.L.C., formerly Captain in H.M. 28th Regiment, has been ap- pointed Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant of the Queensland Volunteer- Rifle Brigade. The fifth annual report of tlio Baptist Church, Brisbane, was published in our Tuesday's issue. The progress of the Church was declared to be highly satisfactory. Hie report set forlb among other statements-an increase of twenty-one members dutitig the year; the opening of a new chapel in Ipswich ; and a satisfactory state of tlie funds. It was also stated that a pieca of land bad been purchased and paid for in Mary- borough, and that upwards of £100 had been subscribed towards the erection of a church there The 'Ipswich Herald'of this day (Friday) states that tho Rev. li. Griffiths, now of Mait- land, and formerly of Ipswich, will certainly succeed the Rev. G. Wight in the pastorate of the Independent Church, Brisbane, The same paper also has the following: "A farmer, named Owen Daly, residing in the neighbourhood of the Bundamba Lagoon, has lodged an information at the Police Office against Mr. James Ivory, charging him with having fired at a party of blacks, and wounded one of their number. From Mr. Daly's state- ment, it appears that he gave the blacks per- mission to camp on his ground ; and while they were in camp, Mr. Ivory and two others rode up. The blackfellows ran away, and were shot at, and one of them wounded. It is stated that Mr. Ivory, and the men with him, then killed the blackfellows' dogs, and destroyed the weapons, blankets, and other property left in the camp. We understand that the blacks are to be brought in, in order that the affair may be inquired into." A personage styling himself Captain Roscoe, but whose aliases aro somewhat numerous, has figured at our police court during the week, having been apprehended on a Sydney warrant asan individual charged, under tho name of Frith, with tho very paltry offence of obtaining goods under false pretences Tbo culprit is ono of that class of genteel swindlers to whom tho departed Mr. Bathurst belonged. \--«. ,. From August 31 to September 7. ALTHOUGH the effirts of the liberal party-in the House and out of it-to obtain a cheip land system have not been successful in procuring a reduction in the upset pi ice, the alterations effected in the Land Sales Bill have very much altered its original complexion. These altera- tions, however, ure so fully treated of elsewhere in this issue, that wo need not enter more fully into their character and extent here than to repeat that they have made the bill passable. For the good thus accomplished we aro princi- pally indebted to a few of the liberal members of the House, by whom the amendments were drawn up- the plastic ministry adopting them with the utmost facility when proposed. Another important measure has been intro- duced and carried through committee during the week-we refer to the Bill for amending tho Constitution of the Supremo Court of the colony. I The bill is rather lengthy, but wo suppose bre- vity was out of tlio question when the provisions of several acts had to be embodied iu ono mea- sure. The reports of the Select Committees bn In- ternal Communication, Immigration, and the Police Force, have been brought up during the week and adopted. The Ohiirinan of Committees in tho Assembly, Mr. Macalister *;,as been absent during the week through i'.Vnoss. His placo was filled on different oco»-'l0|igi (JJ MeS3rs. Blakoiiey and Bushley. The Assembly have made considerable pro- gress during the week in passing the Estimates for 1861. Considerable disgust and disappoint- ment havo been expressed in certain quarters at the course adopted by the House, mid con- sented lo by tho Ministry, in striking off the proposed inorenso of £20 per annum in tho sala- ries of first and second class olerks. The aug- mentation was mudo in pursuance of a. minute published some time ago in the ' Gazette,' but, although the parties interested are not exaotly pleased with the result of the decision, the pub- lic consider the chalks are amply paid for the work thoy do.' The Hon. J. J. Galloway has been chosen by the government as their representative in the Le- gislative Counoil, and that gentleman has accept- ed the responsibility. We do not think that a better choice could have been made. A report has been current during tlie week arising from a statement made in one of the Sydney papers-that Capt. O' Connell, President of the Legislative Counoil, and Mr. Elliott, Speaker of tlie Legislative Assembly, are both to receive the honor of knighthood. A public meeting was held in the Sohool of Arts on Saturday ovening last, for the purpose of organising a Queensland Volunteer Rifle Corps, the Mayor in the chair. The following gentle- men took an active part in the proceedings : Mr. Jordan, M L.A., Mr. Druiy, Mr. Justico Lut- wyche, Mr. Blakeney, M.L.A., Mr. Boyeo, Dr. Cannan, Mr. Slwrwin, Mr. Broughton, M.L.A., and Mr. Pettigrew. 'Four resolutions_ vvere pnssed, and a general feeling was manifested that, in consequence of the present attitude of tlie great European powers, a corps should bo immediately formed. At the close of the meet- ing about seventy persons availed themselves of the opportunity of enroliing'tlieir names. A re- solution was passed to the efi'uct that a meeting should be held on Saturday evening next > (to- morrow night) for the' purpose of electing officers, iio. Mr. Justico Lutwyche and Mr. Drury very handsomel) offered £10 each as prizes fortho best shots, to be competed for each year. At the usual weekly meeting of the Municipal Council on 'Monday last, a report from tho Im- provement Committee was lead, reojminending the construction ol' three log culverts, one in Kniest and the other two in Grey-street-a landing- slip on the south side of the principal ferry-an advance of £100 to Mr. Pt ice, con- tractor for the drainage and levelling of Frog's Hollow,-and intimating that thoy liad agreed upon tho pet maiient levels between Queen und Mary streots, adjacent to Edward-street, and nlso in Queen-street, between Albert and Edward Btreots A discussion ensued, Alderman Cribb contending that tho levels of Qucon-streot wero too low, and wore oalcnlated to injure his pro- mises, and accordingly inovod an amendment to the effect that that portion of the roport should stand over for a time. The amendment, how- ever, was lost by a majority of fivo to throe. A motion was also brought forward to tho effect that a City Surveyor and Clerk of Works should bo appointed, lint it was negatived on tho ground that it was not specified what his duties should be. The members of the Churoh of England had tho pleasure, on Sunday last, of granting their newly-appointed Bishop, Dr. Tuffnell, who arrived by die Yarra on that day, accompanied by several clergymen. The ceremony of installing the right rev. gentleman into the chair of his episcopate took place on Tuesday last, at the Chinch ol' St, John's, Brisbane Prayers wero road by the Rev. L. H. Rumsey, of Ipswi-ih ; J. Bramston, Esq., His Excellency's private Secretary, noted tu Reg- istrar, and road tho Letters Patent ; and tho ccrcmo.vy of induction was performed by the Rev. John Mo-eley, the present minister ot St. John's. Tlio Bishop' was assisted in his part of the service by his clinplain, the Rev. J. Tomlinson, and the venorablo prolato aftorwards preaohed a sermon fiom the 30th and 31st verses of the 107th Psalm. Ho staled that his objects in coming hero wero Uiolold; firstly, to inouloiito moro firmly in the hearts of his English brethren the. doctrine» QÊ the? lingual» Ckurch, Mid secondly, to christianize, if possible, the native aborigines. After the' service some of the members of tho Church par- ticipated in the Holy Communion. At two o'clock, a congratulatory address was pre- sented to the Bishop in'St. John's school-room, his Excellency the Governor and several of our leading inhabitants being present. The address was read by Captain O'Connell, and the Bishop, in leply, took advantage of the occasion to ex plain away many of the misrepresentations that liad been made current by tho press relative to his estimate of the colony while nt home. The usual fortnightly dramatic readings were held on Tuesday evening last, and passed off very pleasantly. The gentlemen who took au active part in the proceedings were-Mr. Sm}the, who read two extracts (one of which was fiom the Times) on the late " Volunteer Review in Hyde Park, London ¡" Mr. Walker, who gave the story of the " Irishman, the Frenchman, and the Gridiron ; " Mr. Houghton, who read au ex- tract from one of Thackeray's works, entitled, " Snobs on Marriage ;" and Mr. Allwood, who finished with " The Witches' Frolic," one of the íngoldüby Legends. It is reported that Mr. A. W. Manning, the Police Magistrate of Ipswich, has accepted the office of Undcr-Sccrctary, vice Mr. Moriarty, resigned. In the case of the Bank of Australasia v. Harris and another, which came on for trial in Sydney, on the 24 th of August last, His Honor Mr. Justice Wise held that the conclusions ar- rived at by tho jury were substantially a find- ing for the defendants. The Rev. Robert Hogg, A M., Presbyterian Minister, who arrived by the Yarra on Sunday last, has accepted an invitation from members of his church at Gayndah, to become their pastor. A distressing occurrence happened in Callan- doon on tho 12th of July last, intelligence of which, however, was not received by us till the beginning of this week. Two children, a hoy six years old, and a girl of three and a half years of age, wandered away from home, and were lost in the bush during the morning of that day. The country was scoured for miles around, and the lit tie boy was discovered at twelve o'clock the next day four miles from home, but it is expected the little girl has perished through want and exposure, as no traces of her could bo found. Mr. G. Staines' tender for the erection of new pilot houses on Moreton Island has been accepted, tho amount being £700, and the time specified seven months. Fresh tenders have been invited for tlie conveyance of mails on the followmg lines:-Fiom and to Surat and Y arrows, once a fortnight ; from and to Rock- hampton and Marlborough, once a fortnight ; from and to Dalby and Callandoon, via St. Buth's, Cecil Plains, Dunmore, and Retreat, once a week; from Brisbane to Ipswich, on the arrival of the steamer from Sydney. The Agricultural Association on the Darling Downs are taking into consideration the expe- diency of forming a Club House at Toowoomba. A rather important case has been decided by the Drayton Bench. William Witham, a publi- can, appeared upon summons to answer a charge of allowing the game of bagatelle to be played in his house, contrary to the provisions of the statute. Defendant said that the game was played like chess, draughts, or other in-door amusements, but the bench declared it to be an illegal game, and sentenced Witham to pay a penalty of £1 and costs, with the assurance that, for a small outlay of capital, he could procure the opinion of the Attorney- General on the sub- ject. A member of the Ipswich Municipal Council has given notice of his intention to move the adoption of the principle that three-fourths of the revenue derived from each street shall be de- voted to the improvement of the same. The 'D. D. Gazette' records the death of William Fry, the "oldest hand on the Downs," at Toowoomba. The same paper remarks :—" The fall of rain we noticed in our last issue, continued with a strong keen enstei ly wind up to Sunday, and has been most disastrous to the lambing, the fatality in some flocks having been two and three hundred a day and night. The roads are almost impassable in places, and we henr of a large num- ber of laden drays, sufficient for the commissariat of an army, being encamped at the foot of the Range, waiting for the sun to mend the roads. Wo have the consolotary anticipation, however, of having the finest spring that has for many years been known upon the Downs." A movement is being set on loot for the es- tablishment of a Benefit Investment and Building Society at Toowoomba. Mr. Holmes, of Dalby, Darling Downs, has a splendid patch of wheat in his garden. The people of Warwick have fared no better than their neighbours as regards weather. The mailman was nearly drowned in crossing Dal- rymple Creek, and Clifton and Emu creeks were both running very high. 