BRITISH EXTRACTS. A Woman one Hundred and Twenty five Years Odd.—Died in this town, near village of Heuvelton, last week, Susan Wads wortb in the 125th year of her age. She was born in the family of a Mr. Burritt, in Middletown, Conn. In an interview we had with her, we questioned her particularly about some of the leading events of the French war of 1756, *57-*58. She said she recollected the massacre of Fort William Henry by the French and Indians under Montcalm, and the fall of Wolfe at Quebec. In reply to a question as to her age at that time, she said she was as large as now—" a good lump of a girl, that hurried through her day's work, to go to de party." The fall of Fort William Henry was in August, 1757, and the battle oh the plains of Abraham was in September, 1759. From Middleton she went to Washington, Connecticut, and from thence she went with the family of Judge Fainter to Middlebury, Vt. She lived in this family for several years, and for the last nineteen years she has been living in the ; family of Mr. Bell, whose wife was a daughter of an adopted daughter of Judge Painter. " Susy" was born free, has always enjoyed . excellent health, except an attack of rheuma tism, which caused her to stoop considerably, and, until a year ago, she could see to read i and write very well without spectacles. Her i memory of events is quite distinct, though she is not able to arrange tbem readily, in chronological order, and she would frequently j confuse the events of the French and Revo lutionary wars.—* Oldensburg (N.Y.) Jour nal.* ! The Rarev "Secret."—In the 'Gentle- • man's Farriery,' hy Bariett (sixth edition), published in 1762, page 293, is the follow ing :—" The method proposed by Dr. Bracken : is to tie up one of his fore feet close, and to fasten a cord or small rope about the other fetlock, bringing the end of it over the horse's shoulder; then let him be bit or kicked with your foot behind that knee, at the same time pulling his nose down strongly to the manger, you will bring him upon his knees, where be should be held till he is tired, which cannot be long ; but if he does not lie down soon, let him be thrust sideways against his quar ters to throw him over; fay forcing him down several times in this way you may teach him to lie down at the same words you first used for that purpose." Keeping Appointments I shall never forget a word of wholesome counsel, savs Milburn in his Memoirs, given me by an old preacher, as I was starring in my career " Billy, my son, never miss an appointment. Ride all day in any storm, or all night, if necessary ; ford creeks, swim rivers, run the risk of breaking your neck, or getting drowned, but never miss an appointment, and never be behind the time." Reputation.—The two most precious things on this side the grave, are our reputation and our life. But it is to be lamented that the most contemptible whisper may deprive us of the one, and the weakest weapon of the other. A wise man, there fore, will be more anxious tp deserve a fair name than to possess it, and this will teach him so to live as not to be afraid to die.— Arch. Allen. A remarkable instance of the rising appre ciation of an author was offered by the recent sale in London of a collection of works of Daniel Defoe. It comprised about one hun dred of his scarcest pieces on Magic, Travels, Political Pamphlets, and temporary tracts, of many of which scarcely another copy could be found. It was bound up in 72 volumes of various sizes, and brought the extraordi nary price of £431. A new use has been found for the load stone. A needle penetrated the thigh of a child, and remained there for a week, in spite of all efforts to extract it. At length, a large loadstone was held over the spot, and after it had remained there for above an hour, the needle was discovered and re moved. The editor of an American paper says he never saw but one ghost, ;amd that was the ghost of a sinner who died without paying for his paper. " 'Twas terrible to look upon." A Preston paper has a record of a rat that rashly joined a pig at dinner, uninvited, and was swallowed for its temerity. The Prussian Military System.— Every Prussian subject, on attaining bis 20th year, is compelled to serve in the ranks of the army. Those who have received a military education, and who are intended to follow the pursuit of the army, pass their examination, after a service of some months, and become officers. The great mass, how ever—the whole of the private soldiers— serve in the ranks for three years, and then join the reserve, in which they remain two years longer. By a curious condition of the military organisation, these reserves can only be embodied when the Landwehr are called out. Having completed his service, the soldier dofis his uniform, and resumes his peaceful pursuits as a citizen. But he cannot beat his sword into a ploughshare, nor his spear into a pruning-hook, for he remains in the Landwehr until his 40th year, and must devote fifteen days annually to military exercises. The Landwehr is divided into two classes. The first contains all between the ages of 23 and 32; the second those between 32 and 40. Even at 40 the Prussian subject has not completed his military allegiance to to his country, for he remains in the Land sturm until the age of 60, and his services are called for in the case of foreign invasion. Such, in a few words, is the Prussian military system, and it is sufficient to show the enormous results of the mobilisation which took place last month. The Prussian army is divided into nine corps d'armee, and on the first of January 128,000 were serving in its ranks. The reserve consisted of 60,000, and the two classes of the Landwehr of about 200,000 more; whereof about 130,000 were in the first " appeal." Of these nine corps six have been mobilised, and the order to mobilise the remainder may be expected daily. By this mobilisation the reserves are called out, and all Prussian subjects in the first division of the Landwehr—viz., the whole male population under 32 years of age, are brought into active service. The army is thus increased to upwards of 300,000 men, and when the second division of the Land wehr is summoned, toupwardsof400,000. No excuse avails, every man must obey the call. The banker leaves his money bags and the lawyer his briefs, the merchant his books and the farmer his crops. The farm horses are taken for the cavalry and artillery. All peaceful pursuits are abandoned, commerce languishes, and, while the harvest is plenteous, the labourers are few. The expense is a most serious matter to a poor country tike Prussia; it adds from £12,000,000 to £15,000,000 sterling per annum to the budget. The produce of the loan will there fore be speedily exhausted, and increased taxation becomes an inevitable necessity. The price of the necessaries of life has already augmented, and the youthful manhood of Prussia is debarred from other pursuit save that of arms.—* Times.' Mortality in the Army.—The adult male population of England, of the same ages as the soldier, loses every year 92 in every 10,000 of its numbers; but our sol diers, originally picked men, lose by deaths alone, after tbe separation of large numbers of unsound lives by discbarge and invaliding, from 110 to 204 in every 10,000! The rural population at the soldiers* ages suffers an annual loss of 70 in 10,000; the mixed town and country population loses 92 in 10,000; the men of Manchester, one of the least healthy of our large towns, 124 in the 10,000; but the British soldier dies off at the rate of 110 to 204 in 10,000. The in habitants of towns who follow their occupa tions out of door lose 84 or 35 per 10,000 per annum; the police die off at the rate of 89 per 10,000; letter-press printers at the rate of 91 per 10,000; miners at the rate of 103 per 10,000, but soldiers at the rate of from 110 to 204 per 10,000. The Tate of mortality among soldiers varies, as has been just stated, from 110 to 204 in 10,000. It is 110 among the Household Cavalry; 133 among the Dragoon Guards and Dragoons; 187 among the infantry of tbe tine; and 204 among the Foot Guards. This disparity be tween tbe civilian and tbe soldier exists at every period of their respective lives. Civi lians from 20 to 25 years of age lose 84 in the 10,000, but soldiers lose 170. And, lastly, from 35 to 46 the deaths among the for mer are 116, among the latter 193 per 10,000. Tbe mortality prevailing among the army is, therefore, at all ages very nearly, if not quite, double that obtaining among the corresponding civil population.^-' Fraser's Magazine.' Great Match against Time.-t-A cap tain, well known in sporting circles, undertook for a cool £100, to walk fair heel and toe, fifteen miles in three hours, and in pursuance of agreement the event came off at Slough on a mile off the turnpike road. The proper officials being appointed, the captain took up his position at tbe starting-mark, and on being told to go he commenced the match at a winning pace; and to the surprise of many, who imagined the distance would tell on him, continued the match in the most pluck}' style, tbe fairness of his walking never for a moment bring called into question. Mile was added to mile in rapid succession, and although as the captain got into the marrow of his work the want of condition became apparent, still there was nothing in the shape of distress exhibited. Fuller, with ticker in hand, timed his roan to the greatest nipety, and his experience, combined with the cap Iain's own judgment, so enabled the speed to be regulated that there was never any undue pressure put pn, which, when there has been want of condition, has often been the cause of. defeat. The captain most pluckily kept on tbe tenor of his way, and as the match progressed so had it in hand that the odds of three to one were offered. From this point of the struggle the event was never for a moment in doubt, and on the completion of the distance the captain was hailed the winner, having walked thp fifteen miles in two hours and fifty-seven minutes, having three minutes to spare.—' English Paper.' Throwing an Inkstand at a Judge.— At Carnarvon, on the 17th March, William Glyn and Joseph Green were convicted of burglary. Green, against whom a previous conviction was proved, was sentenced to five years' penal servitude; Glyn to eighteen month's imprisonment with hard labour. On hearing the sentence, the latter prisoner created great consternation in court by sud denly seizing an inkstand, which, with a vol ley of abusive epithets, he hurled at his Lordship. The force of his aim was fortu nately broken by the instantaneous .clutch with which the gaoler seized his arm. The ink stand passed over the barristers' table and fell on the ground, having discharged its contents on many persons in its transit. His Lordship preserved his tranquil demeanour, and refrained from comment. A Connecticut paper bus a paragraph which gives one a curious idea of the Yankee integrity prevalent there. It appears that a "poor but honest" man was offered 15 dollars for bis vote, at the recent election, but the bribe was spurned. No sooner did this strange self-denial come to tbe knowledge of the man's friends than they " sent him a barrel of flour, 100 pounds of meal, a bushel of rye, with perhaps some other things, with tbe additional assurance that he or'his will never know want while there beats a heart that honours noble deeds among his towns men. An irishman, in speaking of a relative who was hanged, says he died during a tight-rope performance. 