ÉOGUES AITD BOGHJEBY, WHOLESALE AND BETAIL. (To the Editor of the Argus.) SlB-In passing through Flindors-lnno a few days ago I eaw a miserblo looking man steal a box of tobacco, wliioh was too temptingly oxposod at the door of a store, when two men, who liad been watching the bait, darted out of tho store and seized the thief with as much appa- rient satisfaction as they would havo felt in hooking the shark that had just swallowed their aunt, A. policeman (»ho I imagino was also on the watch) quickly presented liimseäf, his face all ovor grins, at the immédiat o prospect ofboing serviceable to society, and dragged tho thief, tobacco and all, amidst a pitiless crowd, to the " lock-up ;" there, I suppose to await tho formal preliminaries to his com moncing lessons in " drawing" on tho roads, without fees, for a yonr or two. i The foregoing little every day incident awoTsonod a host of uncomfortablo reflections in my mind on tho incongru- ities and anomalies of justice hi this queer world of ours, a'few of wliioh I will troublo you with, if you can afford tho necessary space in your columns. A poor hungry-looking fellow boldly steals a box of tobacco (of the value, I assume, of 30s.), whicji is, almost cruelly, placed in his way to tempt him, for wliioh ho is seized, prosecuted, convicted, and will probably be mado t<| work hard, on corresponding diet, losing his liborty for a year or two, and possibly losing his character for lijfe. I am for from unduly aynvpathyzing with tho thief, nor would I question the justice of such a sontonco, viewing tho thing abstractedly ; but a glauco at another pioturo in my mind's eye mntoriully alters my feelings. Fat, sleek, hypocritical rascals (tho most dangerous thieves in tho world), who aro novor hungry, stool neargo of boxes of tobacco, or »cargo of anything olso-in boxes or out of boxes-thoy aro not fastidious-i. o., buy it on credit,' without the means or tho intention of paying for itj live sumptuously on tho plunder as long al they can, to the ruin of honest tradors, who but hopelessly try to cpmpoto with them, and when their friend, tho devil, fails them with his counsel, thoy suddenly full too, to the utter amazement of tho masses, who thought thom onor njously wealthy and superlativo good men. A composi- tion is offered and accepted, and on thoy go ogam, in a day or two, as lively as eels just skinned ; or thoy are siuootjily and «yrapatkixingly escorted through tile insol- vent court, and the week after next buy mansions to live in, and, with virtuous indignation, repudiate the right of airy of their poor ruined creditors to givo vent to the ghost of a groan within reach of thoir sonsive ears, and dare them to> pen ono paragraph, or utter one sentence demonstrative of their disgust at such barefaced swind- ling, ou pani of paving the costa and penult ies of a prose- cution for libel. Law and lawyers support us : Pardon ray intemperate ebullitions, dear sir, 'tis enough to raako a'quaker kielt his mother, to hear thoso oily, spoou-fucod, panic-breeding rogues prate of their morality, and vir- tually threaten to murder the mon thoy havo robbed and ruinod if they dare to grumble, or to impugn their piety or honesty by iword or sign. The patience of poor old Job would scarcely havo stood such a shock, much ICBS mino. Allow me, sir, to address a word to theso indivi- duals :-" Hoar mo and don't mistako mo ; I am iu ear- nest, yo superfine satan-skinned, sanctimonious, cheating, cua-unting scoundrels, ye would rob a poor blind man of his dinner and his dog, if nobody wore looking at you, and that is tho quintessence of roguery ; and you would murder your mothers if thoy dared to say you wero not upright, honest men. Now club togethor and prosecute me for telling a little bit of truth ; but bo careful lawyers, I ¡au not a rich mau now, a lot of such roguos have robbed mo of my fortuna, so mind you look out for your costs on the other side. * If that stupid, liiingiyjooking thief J hrid, liad a little moro worldly-wisdoni (i, e., more Rkill in lying and hypo- crisy, had ho takon a few lossons from somo of his brc throa in tho wholesalo line, ho would havo bought the box of tobacco on credit, and then ho might have sat and smoked as quietly as a Turk in his harem, no policeman daring to mako him afraid. . , ¡This is too respoctablo a eity, I should hope, judging from ita grund appearance, to harbour uuy wickod (Vil- lains of the second class I have alluded to ; but thore aro some in tho eity that "I "carno from, and you would not hávo far to rim to find thom when you stepped on shore, slook, serious, greasy-looking mon, " whose eyes stand out witta fatnos." Thoro is brass enough in their fiicos tqj mako a barrowful of knonkors, only you can't soo it through tho tliiok ? cost of solumn blarney "varnish which covers it ; .and although somo of thom havo recently boen w litcwashed so smoothly, thoy are like animated Boot bags beneath, and no cloon body can rub against thom without doQlement. ¡I have como to Melbourne for chang« of air, and, to got out of sight and scent of, thoso knaves for» short space, but I liave not escaped seeing Borne of their maud* lui, eholor-oreatiug effusions, in -virtuous vindication of thoir honour1 ana honoity, in the Sydney newspapora of late, and the Uerusitl of thom has given rise to thoso re- marks, wliioh I should not othorwiss lure troubled my- self to pen. ' I am. Sir, TOUTS trulv, LAZAIIUS L03TALL. from Syduoy. : Melbourne, October. 1. 