mr. Micanrs lecture. 'VICTOBIA SUFl'EMXG A BECOVEBY-' (From tit Melbourne WaUy Herald.) [C«ntiuued frum our last.] It is the same in England. It is the same in America. It is the same iaall great commercial countries. Talk to people who lived iu the United States in the year 1S3S,— and they will tell you, that when selling off their goods and chattel^ Jit that time, prices wore little more than nominal,- for want of money. Lists of ' wild cat' Kiiils ivcre kopi bandy in every Btoreaud coiuitiug-luiuse, that men might j Jdge as safely as i-«ssi!-le, n'liose paper niutiey to take, and whose to reject. Tiiat was a collapse, following immediately upon previous universal speculations upou credits, just of the very same character as that we are suffering under at the present time. The fever and ague of trade seem to be the same all over the world. Can nothing, then, be done for the patient % Has the politico- economical pharmacopoeia no medicine for so stubborn and prolonged a com plaint I Yes. Art and treatment may do something — perhaps much, but certainly not alL We can second nature, not control her. What, theu, is to be done % Why, cries every one, ' Give everybody something more to do.' ' Find us fresh customers,' cry all, from tUe shopkeeper listless, and almost hopeless, over his wares, to the artificer whoso tools are idle in his basket. Fresh customers. Most wil linglv, but where are they to ooms from % ' Worn natCtiral * increase ' of bur presdQt popu lation I Hardly so. Read the Reverend Mr. Malthas' book on the principle of population— the book of a very wise, a very amiable, a very much abased, and certainly not a too-well un derstood man. He will show you that, under the most favourable circumstances you may double your population, from within, in Borne fifteen or twenty years. Will you wait so long for your new customers! Where fihall they come from then, but from across the Beast What, Immigration ? Ay, Immigration. What, import fresh labour at the cost of the present labourers, to contend with these latter % Here is a question, which, I observe, easily brings down a cheer at many public meetings, aud, for certain, I am not gbjmg to treat with any light spirit of ridicule, or with any ether than very serious and respectful consideration, those cheers. Say they are not the cheers of the enlightened, — are those workmen the only peo ple who have not been sound political econo mists in matters touching their own labour t Have British merchants and manufacturers, and statesmen, never been at fault ou such subjects as free trade, and international tariffs, and employment of machinery ? Aud cannot we be reasonably considerate to these cheers, wheu we reflect upou the indisputable fact that a workiug man's labour is of as much importance to !iim as is a nobleman's estate to the noblemau ? Each has but his present means of livelihood, and each may surely be allowed to feel deeply, and express himself strongly, on auy proposition, the effects of which may be to bring him (as ho thiuks) nearer to starvation. Well, then, I am not iu the least put out by the anti-immigration cheers. I ask' only for a hearing. I protest that if the cheers cau confute me, I shall be as ?well pleased as if they were to admit that 1 had convinced them ; for as I liave said my . imly object is truth. We come back then to that word immigration. Are we to raise from the working man taxes wherewith to introduce competitors with the working ra.-iu's labour 1 That is the shape in which the question is usually put. I answer, '? No.' Hut is that the fair way of putting the question J Does no fallacy lurk in the premises J Ie nothing assumed, which ought not to be assumed i Tax the working man to find competition with himself? Is it a tax? If I pay a JE1OO for a hundred acres of land, how ie that a tax upon the working man ! Tiie payment for that land docs not come out of bis pocket, but out of the pocket of the purchaser. The more land you sell, die more you increase the demand for labour. And if you are artificially to increase the demand for labour, why not with the very esune funds, with which you have increased the demand for it, also increase the supply % The trliole process being an artificial one, what docs the working man propose to do with the proceeds of the land sales, assuming that no portion thereof is to be devoted to immigra tion I 'Oh, put it into public works,' Gays he-; 'find us something to do:'- Ay, but theu we have to hear the other side. We turn to the land purchaser. We say to him, ' What do you say to the -public works' nostrum ? '?Well,' he says, ' why am I to buy land, and pay for it, in order that this colony is to be kept as a preserve for the annual -erection and construction of publi* works, mote especially now that there is almost no public to call for any additional works of the sort J' It seems to me, then, to come back to this ; that if I buy merely £100 worth of the public estate, the public have a right to expend that £100 as they please. If they import -four or five artisans, or agricultural labourers, with the many,: does it necessarily follow that those labourers on their arrival in the colony enter into injurions competition with the labourers already here t Sorely, no, although frequently the labouring classes seem to have arrived at different conclusions. They forget that every man is a consumer, as well as a producer ; that every' man, in proportion to his command over the industry of all other workers, jftjuautomer «f those -other workers. The newly arrived miner, mason, or shoemaker, may seem to be more or less a fresh candidate for those fields of exertion theretofore the monopoly of the men already assembled, on them,— 4-ut in fact be' benefits others as much as himself; he buys thjeir labour with his: — they .sell their labour for his — each enhances the comforts of the titters, and that which seems, at a first glance, to be competition, is,in fact, co-operation, when more attentively regarded. Let auy man cast back his memory along. the List nine years. Has he ever known low wages during a period of extensive immigration ? Were w.iges ever so' high in this colony as during the rears 1852, 1853, and 1854 J And yet, was it aot daring those years, that the immigration tide -was running most strongly towards these shores? Granted that the gold-fields took much it this labour, yet the main cause of wages keeping up lay in the fiict that, whether ^rarking on the gold-fields, on farms, or in bosses, the importation of labourers, was an ?importation of the demand for labour, capital, -the savings of labour grew with that labour ; \--this capital, -as fresh labour continued to pour into the colony, of course employed more ' ]2ahonr,*n& so each producing and promoting -the .other, tbe colony -advanced in prosperity. Immigration has stopped; the working men are now freed fronx imported competition.;. and _ypt iSaW these. _ewer. been ..such lusty cries of ?want' of Work as now* -Surely ? these things cannot be withont their own 6igDjfieao.ee for all ! From the above observations it will be apparent enough, I tliiuk, that otir circmu stanci's ni-w call fora resumption --f immigra tion : not paid for by the working man, hut paid for by capital. If there be no error in the al- ove conclusions, it seems clear that the effect of assisted immigratiou is this : that we sell our land, aud with the proceeds buy customers of, as well as competitors with, the working tn.tu, and j'uljjitig by results, such arc the mysterious but ccrtnin advantages of divi sion of labour, that the new arrival is more valuable as a customer* to those already ar rived, than he is injurious to them, as a com petitor, and I am glad it is so. It takes the last rag of an excuse from men, who. having got to tliis colony, would shut the door in the face of those suffering millions, who arc strug gling with the direst forms of poverty at home. The iuexorable law, by which, in all countries, population must at some time or other press upon subsistence, compels colonisa tion ; and. is there any selfishness more depraved or inhuman thau that which would confine our fellow creatures in a position of pain aud struggle from which we have thought fit to escape ourselves 1 But is there nothing more to be done than to restore immigration ? Yes, certainly. Gf what use will immigration be, if, as hitherto, it flows through this colony as water through a sieve J We must, if possible, fix people here when we get them. The great earth-hunger of man, as some German writer has called it, must be' satisfied. In plain English, all the facilities legislation oan provide should be furnished for enabling every man to till the soil who desires to do so. But he may ruiu himself. Let him. Free trade iu ruin as in everything else. Doubtless men (sometimes, nay, very frequently if you like, err in the choice of a profession. But it is certain, as a general rule, the State cannot (even if it were a function of the State, which it is not) take better care of menithan men cm take care of themselves. Let «very man, then, who likes it, go into farming atonce. Put things at the srorst, and suppose your farmer does become insolvent, rural insolvency is pleassnter than Little Bourte-street insol vency. A man never seems so happy as when surrounded by his stacks, his pigs, his kite, his growiug crops, .his children tumbling unidst the straw, or laughing among the viufs. If there be perfect and serene enjoymeut, surely it is here. All farm scenes equally conduce to happiness and peace of mind; and therefore no wonder that the majority of immigrants har bour the notion of at (sometime or other going upon the land. This earth-hunger, all fhonght ful statesmen, as I think, will, iu uew countries, wisely satisfy; and do not fear that fore society will incur mure evils iu this direction of human industry than free society can correct aud cure; especially uow that the fast great discoveries of Stuart have prac!ic:i!ly enlarged the habitable globe, by adding to it a. fair ami green centre! land, which so lately we had coudemuod as aa arid desert. Do not lie alarmed. I am not going -to talk Land Bill, nny further than it immediately bears upon my larger subject. We liave all been pretty well Iwred to death with the ceaseless babblement about ' lot' and ' li mited auction,' and unlimited desire to settle the poor vnao on tbe lauds. I know it has pretty nearly settled me iu the laud. Fearful, however, as this subject lias now become, I desire to remark upon what appear to me to be one or two crrons. I'Uosc iriio tallz about getting tiie utmost fur the public estate, as it is -aHed,seem to assume that the state iu selling laud is to be regarded merely as you regard a private veudor. If you do this, surely you confound two essentially differeut tilings. The object of the state is to settle the country. The object of the private vendor is to get as much for his laud as possible. The end which the private vendor has, constitutes merely the means* with which the state works towards a further end. But why, it has been said, should the state be deprived of that difference which A may make by reselling to B, and which dif ference the state might liave made in the first instance, had the land been sold by open com petition * Is it unreasonable to answer that the 6tate is not a land-jobber % that it finds its account as much, or more, in getting people on the land, as in getting money for the land in the first instance f that the state, having dis charged its duty as a vendor, commences an other function as a tax-gatherer — your cultiva tor becoming at onoe a consumer of some or all of those dutiable goods which yield the great bulk of our large revenue ! The country be comes opened up; roads and bridges arc formed and bnilt; the wilderness is subdued to the uses of man; the colony grows. Then, just as the blood circulates through the human frame, labour, unimpeded tin any side, flows in every direction throughout the length and breadth of the laud, instead of being damned up and con fined, as too frequently it now is, in little local congestions — over supply in one spot, and de ficiency of hands in another, at one and the same time. Look, again, at the secondary erfl consequences of doling out land screwed np to the highest pitch for agriculture, and grant ing principalities at a merely nominal rent for pasturage: Tou offend that abstract sense of justice which, more or less, is found among all men; you force upon us the conviction that there is a privileged and petted class among us. Impatient people ask why should a sheep farmer enjoy miles npon miles of land, at little more than.* ft'''»l J^nt, -»»KiW thr,J **]?! Wmltuflf M.' cannot hold the smallest farm upon any such terms! I have no desire to stir up class against class, but while such a state of things «s this exists, no Convention, no Eastern Market is required to effect such an object — jealousy and antagonism grow and strengthen of themselves. It has been frequently supposed, aud at times with some appearance of foundation for the supposition, that it . is of the essence of the democratic spirit in this country, as in others, to hate wealth, and to pull down capital into the dust. Sometimes, perhaps, this low and unworthy spirit may be ioet with ; but is it not equally probable that thi6 supposed .hatred is frequently rather apparent than real J And is there not, at the least, something curiously anomalous in men bating what they are every hour striving to become — namely, rich man. However this may be, I must yet admit, look ing dispassionately at the- subject, that if the squatters have evinced some selfishness on the one hand, squatters* opponents have sometimes exhibited unreason on the other. After all, it is merely human that men who are, as they profess to believe, lawfully entitled to great advantages, should desire to retain them; but it is also natural, as well as just, that the public should desire to make the squatter pay a just rent for the land he^pjoys. Cannot both these objects be achieved withont opposition, illegal ity, or injustice in any direction I I think they can ; and I think, also, these objects can be achieved with vast advantage to the general productiveness and prosperity of the whole country. This is a subject not to be settled by Hil' extremely short and neat prescription sometimes proposed to us of 'Driving the squatters across the Murray.' ' Driving the squatters across the Murray' might be driving our limners across the Murray, aud put in that sha)K; requires to be reconsidered. One vast evil connected with this iuterest, at present stores us iu the face. From the uncertainty of the squatting tenure, all the runs throughout the country necessarily reuiaiu in sm unim proved state. Who will trouble himself to dig wells, construct reservoirs for water, or even bo at the expense of making two blades of grass grow where one grew before, unless he has a reasonable assurance that he shall reap where he has sowu? Whilst the squat ter is liable to be turned out at a moment's notice without compeasation for improvements, he has of course uo motive to improve, and, consequently a great part of Australasia, in a mitigated form, iu much the same .situation as was Ireland, between mortgagors and mort gagees, before the passing of the Encumbered Estates Act. The land at home had ceased to be the property of the mortgagors, and he was consequently indifferent and without hope. The land had not become absolutely the mort gagee's, and therefore he had not the deep in terest in the property we observe in ordinary owners. The problem therefore was to educe out of this chaos of split-up interests and in dnTereotisms the beneficial laaiiogeaicut of the land by those or whom it should be the exclu sive property. That problem was solved suc cessfully by that most practical, as well as scientific statesman. Sir Bobert Peel. Surely there are no specialities in our case which make it a more embarrassing one than the Irish diffi culty. Apart, from faction, jealousy, and wrong-beadedness, the rationale of the matter seems to lie iu a nutshell. I presume very few persons who really have auy practical ac quaintance with this country, will dispute that many of these lands are only fit for pastoral purposes. Nature has passed an eternal sen tence of sterility upon them. Are these lands not to be turned to the best account 1 Cau they be turned to tlie best account, unless you say that whatsoever the squatter lays out ou his sqoattage shall be secured to himself— as you protect any other person in the enjoy ment of the fruits of his industry. Can you thus secure the squatter unless you say he shall enjoy his lease, or compensation in some shape, if he be deprived of it* No, I say then, that in the future administration of these merely pastoral lands — whether they be under the Shite, or under rural municipalities — that at the. same time you secure to the public an adequate rental and the right of re- entry at any time on equitable terms for — sale, you must secure to the sheep- fanner, as lie will theu be called (a now nomenclature marking the new era), the tiling, or its equivalent for which he has bargained, and thenceforth squatter aud anti-squatter heartburnings will cease; pastoral lands will be improved like other lands, their leases, assignable like other lauds, artesian wells would be sunk: artificial grasses laid down, paddocks fenced iu, nser voiis formed, homesteads, a vastly additional demand for labour would spring up throughout al! their grazing farms iu conuectiou with tiie improvements going on iu them, and beef and mutton, as in the olden time of the colony, would again be 3d. a pound to all of us. Sooner or later, such lands would have to bo thus dealt with ; and squatters aud Orders iu Council never be heard of. It is simply a question of turning your property to the best account. Under tiie present no-system the squatter is the only party who profits by it. He gains exactly what the public loses. What is that f -The difference between tiie nominal rent he pays and the fair and substantial rent he ought to pay, aud which, as he says, he is, under an equitable system, willing to pay. Sixteen thousand sheep, tvitJi run on the Murray, lately cost £24,900. This is at the rate of 31s. a head. For any excess or defi ciency in number delivered, allowance, at the rate of 12s. per head, was to he made by either side to the other. The difference, there fore, between the 12s. and the 31a respec tively represents the value of the run, as set tled in the siucerest way between the vendor and the vendee, and amounting to something above £15,000. Now, I would not rack-rent the squatter with a 10 per cent, rental on the above amount ; but something reasonable, let us say, on the grazing capabilities of each run. Let us never be oppressive ; bat bearing in mind old Izaak Walton's recommendation of tenderness eren to the worm, let us put the hook iuto the squatter 'as if we loved him.' But I sometimes read, in the journals reports of public meeting speeches, from ?whiob. I gather that the Legislature dace not meddle with the squatters, for that the banks have got -them, and that the* banks are all powerful. This is startling, and, moreover, rather incon sistent with other, and just referred to descrip tions of squatters by the same denouncers. One wfaSa, the squatter, with greedy maw, is swallowing everybody else; at. another mo ment, the equatter is being swallowed — him' self a &t; and sleek deer, gradually going down the capacious throat of a banking boa con strictor. So that, upon this pleasant theory, there would appear to be 'one way' for us all. Awed then by these nwful banks, and sharing only the common reverence for plate-glass, and mH_iHiT i'i' ''iiii.«iij. ?ml'1in»»i ?n'n*ir'ir-l1tJtWff'' mysteries of die parlour, does my friend there fore, who the other day said to me in Queen street, ' I hope, in that lecture of yours, yon are going to touch up the banks,' think that I am going to do, or attempt anything of the kind. What would the banks care for my touching up — they who can touch up every body I Besides, who so presumptuous as to say that he really knows* auy thing distinct about those great, sublime, moneyed mys teries? Who, save Joseph Macardy, who offers himself as a special Providence to take of everybody's money, from £1 upwards — who, save be, knows anything about these greatly reverenced establishments? Who .but Joseph knows anything about their assets, their lia bilities, their profits, out of what capital made, by what precise business, and under what cir cumstances ? Why am I to be called upon to show my ignorance as to the manner or degree in which the interests of the colony are affected by these full moons, which some euper Btitioua people regard as influencing all the moneyed tides in the affairs of men ? Why should I vainly attempt to understand how people can discount at 10 per cent., and divide at 20 per cent, dividend 1 I may have dim visions of overtrading, and eo on; but I fly the subject, and leave it to the next edition of Joseph Macardy's pamphlet. Yet, even in flying the subject, may I wot ask, why that million's worth of debentures of the Melbourne -issue' has hot yet seen tiie light, according to the act in that case made and provided? Of a rerity, many a poor servant aud small capital ist would be glad to bny a .£30, or £oQ, or £100 debenture, carrying every hour on its b:iek C per cent, interest, rather than holding :i bank note of the same amount, bearing no interest at all. And this brings m'e to a sub ject to which the Legislature itself at 6onie time may come — I mean to the consideration of fouudiug in this colony a truly national bank, where the state will be, as it ought to be, the only maker of paper money among us, as a legal tender ; when the state will have, as it ought to have, the whole profit derivable from auy credit that state may have iu the world, when that very profit may be turned into the means of paying the interest of our debentures, or into public works, rather than being left to any number of people who choose to join them together, subscrilte their deposits, apply for au act, call themselves a bank, and forthwith commence tiie royal prerogative of making money. The Haincs-cum- Childers Ministry proposed such a measure as a Na tional Ba.uk (now some five years back). The Haines' Ministry went ont ; Mr. Childers went home ; and the idea became smothered in the laud question. But the idea is not dead. Look into Mr. Ricardo's works, and you will find ably and distinctly sketched his idea of a national bank, in which the state should liave the profit of the banking operations. Such an establishment, I have beeu informed, once ex-. tsted in Sow Zealand, and was only discon tinued — so I have been told by experienced New Zealand settlers— because the revenue and the transactions were not large enough to make it worth while to coutinue the institu tion. With a revenue like ours, however, of .£3,000,000 a year; with deposits like ours of £6,000,000 a year, it seems scarcely necessary that we should henceforth be dependent on English capitalists, working in large measure with colonial moneys. I have revived this idea ; let others work it out to practical issues. Time admonishes me that I must hasten to close. Have I said all I want to say about tiie depression 1 Well, nearly, but not quite. It seems to me that great public disasters fre quently contain the seeds of still greater pub lic benefits, and that even depressions, crises, commercial revulsions, have their uses. They set men thinkiug, devising, casting about for modes of escape ; to giving practical effect to new and valuable thoughts ; to developing re sources of the colony, the thought of which may not have occurred to prosperous and con tented, and nninquiring minds. 'Sweet are the uses of adversity.' Now that we have millions of sheep iu the colony, no one thinks of bestowing any special glory on old John Macarthur for first introducing the merino sheep ; and yet he tras an original man, a genius, a brave, self-depeudeut man in his way. His sou, too, the major-general who lias lately eft us, what h:is he not done for our wine trade ? Many years ago, he went himself to Germany, distributed uamphlets in English aud German, ox[/!.iin«l the capabilities of the colouy for the cultivation of tUe vine, and for trine-making' ; eugaged viguerous, put them on board ship, g-it iuto trouble — he told me so himself — on a charge of kidusppiog the Ger mans to this fearful couutry ; aud yet he has never published these things ; but should he ever read the account of them in any history of the colony, he would blush to find them fame. The great depression of 1843 aud 1844 set the Messrs. O'Brien, of Yass, boiling their sheep — at that time mere woolly vermin — for their tallow. Thus, a fat sheep was found covertitlo into a five-aud- threcpenuy export. This was a discovery at the time, aud acknow ledged aud appreciated as such, and it was a discovery, the result of deep and general dis tress taxing men's inventions. In like manner, coming nearer home, a short time back a very gentlemanly man— one with whom many in this room arc well acquainted — stopped me at the corner of Collins and Queen streets, and said he had understood I was much interested iu the development of our resources ; and re ceiving for answer that 1 was so, he proceeded to say that he had discovered one, that be had it about him, aud could at once submit it to my consideration. I was interested, as you may suppose, and 60 must you be. We have read a great deal lately about Australian gems. So perhaps your imaginations are already scampering off into the regions of mineralogy or geology. Was it a diamond? No. Per haps an aquamarine topaz, or a ruby, or an emerald? Not at alL Tou give it np? Well, then, he drew it from his coat pocket with a solemnity I cannot describe, and it was, what? A sausage ! — a short, red, regular, or thodox, nnmistakeable saveloy ! Before I had recovered from my surprise he said, 'Taste that, and tell me what you think of it' Well, I hesitated ; because, although I like sausage, I have a prejudice (perhaps a weak, and finick ing, and unfounded prejudice), against sausages being carried about in people's pockets. In an instant, however, I saw that his enthusiasm ignored all such despicable weakness, and evi dently quite unapprehensive of the cause of my confusion, he pressed the article npon me. I took a cautious and critical nibble. ' Now,' he said, '-what do you say to it ?* 'Well, I answered, 'I have tasted worm sausages than that** 'I should say so,' said he; 'but what will you think, my dear sir, when I tell' you that the whole of that sausage is made out of kangaroo 1' ' WelL' I said. *'_I P''ld Wflni^-^:?^J-Sa-18ln^lt!fcSTS!!Cl^B^a^f4r to the Sojioitor-General fora patent, for I be lieve the idea is thoroughly new.' I said 1' thought eo too.' He carefully re-wrapped the saveloy in paper, re-dropped it into its ap pointed receptacle, and strode away with an air that delighted me. He did not seem so much, to thick of any profit derivable from this preparation^ as of die fact that he was car rying a portion of the salvation of the colony in his pocket, society all unconscious of tiie millennium * impending. We may laugh at this, but it. is not the great city of Bologna itself, better known to the great British mind by Bologna's celebrated sausages, than by her fountains, her colossal statues, her picturegal leries, her museums and cabinets of art, her Cardinal Mezzofantis, her public -libraries, or by being the birthplace of -one of the greatest orators of our day — Father GavazzL On these occasions, perhaps, we may feel half disposed, to despise the sausage ; but we are at times glad enough to cat it for all that. I maintain that my gentlemanly friend's idea is good. It is another, and a worthy attempt, to give by transformation exchangeable .value to that which is at present comparatively valueless ; many tilings are yet to be grown and produced in tiuB country, and proBtably exported,-which down* to the present time have never been even thought of. For we are little better than Chinese -copyists, after alL Be it hats, crino Jine, peg-tops, bouses, or tie growing of wheat and oats, what they do and ?wear at home, vre do and wear here. There ace stony and aril tits of country in this Victoria on which a j i beep would starve, but on which an Angora ; s ;oat would thrive, aud bring profit to the i ' -wner. The bad times will bring the goats, j i he wine, the olive, the cotton, the silk, the j ; iausages, the dried fruits, and other good things j ] u due season. But if great depressions work -uch good results ou men's outward circum itauces, how much more do they improve man linisclf ? How ameliorate his moral nature ? How soften the hard merchant into tiie melting philanthropist? How make his heart, like that of the ancient mariner, overflow with emo tion, and 'rbless us uuawares T Look at that speech of Mr. SiehM's, as reported ia the Argus jf theStii of September last, on the universally interesting subject of tiie pro vision trade ! We ilways knew him as one of the clearest of intel lects ; we now know him as one of the most benevolent of men. I liave ere now been moved by the 'reason (as Macaulay finely describes it) penetrated, and made red-hot by passion,' in the ' De Corona,' of Demosthe nes ; I have read Cicero's fine iuvectives against Catab'oe, and Plunkett's celebrated knocking it the door; but never have I been more moved than by Mr. Sichel on the minor morals of merchants, what they are, aud what they ought to be, touching the provision trade. '. If anything goes wrong,' says he, K in Bass'B beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter, who is there, or what means exist here, to provide I remedy ?' * Oh, cursed spite,' he seems to ay,: ' that I should ever be born to set them right.' ' We should act together,' says he ; 'not pull against each other ; and should en deavour to put an end to the many paltry motives, envy, malice, and spite, which it can not be denied exist among us.' If, on the contrary, wo Bee each other often, and are thrown more together day by day, we shall soon come to act with more unanimity, and more profitably to our common interests. In stead of this we are accustomed to a selfish manner of conducting business, each reckoning his own advantage more than that of the gene ral body ; ' not one of us,' says he, ' is at tiie bottom of what goes on in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter, &c.;' Now; Mr. P. S. Lord indorsed every word of these self-denying sentiments, and they passed nem. can. How delightful is this ! Henceforth we may look for a little more spirit among the merchants. Henceforth we may find them standing more frequently for the Legislature, and thereby acknowledging that they have duties to the country as well as towards each other. Hence forth, at any rate, the Chambrof Commerce will be a sort of commercial Agapemone, or mercantile abode of love. Saltings of in voices and secrets in prices current shall be no more. Every man who knows anything by which he may profit, shall henceforth pro claim it, with a loud voice, upon 'Change. Deniston Brothers shall be everybody's bro tuers, and shall be seen in every direction pouring oil into all sorts of wounds. Litiga tion shall be at au end, and rows of almbouses for the lawyers shall be erected ; and His Es eclJeucy sliali lay the first stone, aud congra tulate the audience upon, the present lecturer being the first recipient of the new bounty. My feelings overcome me, and I must close the picture. Do not imagine that because I have been drawu off to a somewhat romping digres sion, I have forgotten our situation. If I have shown more levity in the course of this lecture than some poojtlo mny think tweoming amongst a ruined ].eople, pray consider it is because I for one do uot consider that we are ruiued at all. Like tiie gentleman who had seen too Eiauy ghosts himself, to be able to believe in them, so, I have seen the colony ruiued too niauy times to balieve it isg-ing to be ruined now. That there is distress amongst us there can be no doubt In all periods of transition in every country, there must ever be more or less of distress ; distress even occasionally among in dustrious, provident, and worthy families. Such cases, perhaps, we have all known. But I believe tiie greatest outcry about the short comings of the colony proceeds not from this class at alL Unfortunately every new country has in it large numbers of waifs aud strays of humanity, unfitted for any mortal pursuit; a vague, listless, hoping, waiting class — always talking, never doing, save for a few hours to gether, and whose fate you have never any dif ScnJty ia foretelling. These sink down and succumb here, as they would auy where else. Bat for those who can apply their hands or their heads to the work to be done, what is really tiie matter? Depression! Commercial crisis, forsooth ! What's a commercial crisis, compared with a cannon-ban crisis i We have heard enough, and to spare, it ia true, about New Caledonia, and about French fleets in Hobson'8 Bay. Let them come; I believe in Old Caledonia, and in Old England, and in 'ould' Ireland, and also in our Volunteers, as right, earnest, six o'clock-in-the-morning fel lows, who mean it. But just imagine for a moment that such a fleet were here, and that a strong detachment of French marines had caught our seven bank managers, and clapped them into a chain-gang, and got them all on board ship as hostages for a good rattling ran Bom ! Here's something like a crisis, if you like. What was the imprisonment of tiie seven Bishops, about which history makes so much .fuss, compared with this*cooping- up of our seven bankers ? Imagine them, if yon can, the ludicrous side of war, and we laugh; and, strange to my, laughter and tears are never more sincere than when they are close to each other. For, whilst contrasting meredistresses of peace with the horrors of war, other and awful comparisons with our own present happy condition press upon the memory. Was not Palermo bombarded the other day, and were not wives, and mothers, and little children, slaughtered among the husbands, and the sons, aud the fathers ? Look at Taranakf s misery at our very door. Think of the fired home steads, the dispersed and ruined households, the hopes and labours of years of patient foil an nihilated in an instant among a people who, the other day, deemed themselves as secure as we consider ourselves now. ' Do we sufficiently and habitually consider, then, tiie advantages we actually enjoy? Health, food, warmth, light, liberty, some leisure for reading, for thought, and recreation; are these possessions nothing ? Are they not, indeed; 'all, bo far as this mere sublunary life is concerned? I am not preaching any impossible philosophy, or auy anti-colonial degree of abstinence and self mortiqeation. I merely mean to Bay, that there is nothing lrke looking resolutely ni the better side of every situation, and being thankful to God that things are no worse. - It is certain that as man is at present constituted he cannot even properly taste' pleasure -withont 'having first 'known' ' pain. ' We most of us command^ 'more than the people of many other countries enjoy, and as much as unsophisticated man. really wants. And, if at times a'nd seasons— md such times and seasons come to us all — we find ourselves unable to live np to onr own Joctrine,.and that wo are yet querulously re pining under those losses, and crosses, and petty ajriefs, and disasters, which have power over the trougest, as over the weakest, let as still thank fully hear ia mind that — as the wisest and most benignant of human spirits has said— ?? This vrid,. ana universal theatre Presents more woeful pageants, than the scene Wherein we play iu.' Good night. (The lecturer was frequently interrupted by the most enthusiastic applause, aud the only instance of an expression of dissent from his opinions occurred where he stigmatised pro_ tection as 'an attempt to get money, by Act of Parliament, under false pretences.' Tbie was greeted with a storm of hisses, which were as readily replied to by cheers, and for a minute, at least, the ' Free-traders' and tiie ' Protec tionists' had it all to themselves with their respective acclamations and sibiUations. At the conclusion of his discourse the lecturer sat down, while cheer followed cheer through the entire building.) 