ROGUES AND ROGUERY, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. THE annexed letter from the Melbourne Argus, is by our old friend ' Aqua.' In passing through Flinders-lane a few days ago I saw a miserable-lookiug man steal a box of tobacco, which was too temptingly exposed at the door of a store, when two men, who had been watching the bait, darted out of the store and seized the thief with as much apparent satisfaction as they would have felt in hooking the shark that had just swallowed their aunt. A policeman (who I imagine was also on the watch) quickly presented himself, his face, all over grins, at the immediate prospect of being serviceable to society, and dragged the thief, tobacco and all, amidst a pitiless crowd, to the ' lock-up there, I suppose, to await the formal pre liminaries to his commencing lessons in . drawing' on the rpads, without fees, for a year or two. The foregoing little every-day incident awakened a host of uncomfortable re flections in my mind on the incongruities and anomalies of justice in this queer world of ours, a few of which I will trouble you with, if you can afford the necessary space in your columns. A poor hungry-looking fellow boldly steals a box of tobacco (of the value, I assume, of 30s.), which is, almost cruelly, placed in his way to tempt him, for which he is seised, prosecuted, convicted, and will probably be made to work hard, on corresponding diet, losing his liberty for a year or two, and possibly losing his character for life. I am far from unduly sympathising with the thief, nor would I question the justice of such a sentence, viewing the thing abstractedly: but a glance at another picture in my mind's «ye materially alters my feeliugs Fat, sleek, hypocritical rascals (the most dangerous thieves in the world), who are never hungry, steal a cargo of boxes of tobacco, or a cargo of anything else, in boxes or out of boxes-they are not fastidious-i. e.f buy it on credit, without the means or the intention of paying for it, live sumptuously on the plunder as long as they can, to the ruin of honest traders, who but hopelessly try to compete with them, and when their friend the devil fails them with his counsel, they suddenly fail too, to the utter amazement of the masses, who thought them enormously wealthy and superlatively good men. A composition is offered and accepted, and on they go again, in a day or two, as lively as eels just skinned ; or they are smoothly and sympathisingly escorted through the Insolvent Court, and the week after next buy mansions to live in, and, with virtuous indignation, repudiate the right of any of their poor ruined creditors to give vent to the ghost of a groan within reach of their sensitive ears, and dare them to pen one paragraph, or utter one sentence demonstrative of their disgust at such barefaced swindling, on pain of paying the costs and penalties of a pro secution for libel. Law and lawyers support us! Pardon my intemperate ebuiiitions, dear Sir, ' tis enough to make a Quaker kick his mother, to hear those oily, spoon-faced, panic-breeding rogues prate of their morality, and virtually thieaten to murder the men they have robbed and ruined if they.dare to grumble, or to impugn their piety or honesty by word or sign. The patience of poor old Job would scarcely have stood such a shock, much less mine. Allow me, Sir. to address a word to these individuals ' Hear me and don't mistake me ; I am in earnest, ye superfine satan-skinned, sanc timonious, cheating, chaunting scoun drels, ye would rob a poor blind man of his dinner and his dog, if nobody were looking at you, and that is the quint essence of roguery; and you would murder your mothers if they dared to say you .were not upright, honest men. Now club together and persecute me for libel for telling a little bit of truth; but be careful lawyers, I am not a rich man now, a lot of such rogues have robbed me of my fortune, so mind yon look out for your costs on the other side/ If that stupid, hungry looking _ thief had had a little more worldly-wisdom (i.e., more skill in lying and hypocrisy)# had he taken a few lessons from some of his brethren in the wholesale line, he would have bought the box of tobacco on credit, and then he might have sat and smoked as quietly *s « Turk in hi* barfem; no policeman daring to make him afraid. This is too respectable a city, I should hope, judging from its grand appearance, to harbour any wicked villains of the second class I have alluded to; but there are some in the city that I came from, and you would not have far to run to find them when you stepped on shore, sleek, serious, greasy- looking men, * whose eyeB stand out with fatness.' There is brass enough ie their faces, to make a barrow ful of knockers, only you can't see it through the thick coat of solemn blarney varnish which covers it; and although some of them have recently been white washed so smoothly, they are like animated soot- bags beneath, and no ('lean body can rub against them without de filement. I have come to Melbourne for change of air, and to get out of sight and scent of those knaves for a short space, but I have not escaped seeing some of their maudlin, cholor creating effusions, in virtuous vindication of their honour and honesty, in the Sydney newspapers of late, and the perusal of them has given rise to these remarks, which I should not otherwise have troubled myself to pen. j I am, Sir, yours truly, LAZARUS LOST ALT., From Sydney. Melbourne, October 1. 