THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT i LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY, JANUARY 20. Tho SPEAKER took the Chair at 25 minutes past 4 o clock ADDRESS TO MAJOR GENERAL M VCARniUIt "] Air NICHOLSON gai e notice that, on Tuo - day next, ho would move that the message of the Legislatne Council lehtue to the presentation of an address to Majoi General Macarthur, be considered Tlir COSTITUTION AOl Mr MCCULLOCH gate notice that, onFndiy the 3id of rebruñí], lie would mot e for loavo to bring in n Bill to repeal the 53id clause of the Constitution Act ANAIAbES OF WATLlt ~Mr HARKER, gave notice that, on Tuesdly next, ho would move that the repoit of Mosiu Johnson and Foord of the analytical evaminatiOT of the water of the Plonty and other waters bj Kid upon the table of the House rOSlAOE STAMPS Mr HARRISON gave notice, that on Thura day, the 2Gt'i, he would move that there bo laid on the table of tho House a roturn of the ntl u ber of lotteis po ted without prepayment, tho number posted with insufficient stamps, llionum lier returned to the senders, and the numbor destroyed in 1836-7-8, and 9 o iAN YEAN Mr SINCLAIR gave notice, that on Tuesday next he would move for tho appointment of a Select Committee to take into consideration the report of the Engineer of the Yan Yean water supply, and the cause of tho recent bursting of the water pipes, also to inquire into tho general stability of tho w orks and tho supply of water Such Committee to consist of Messrs Francis. Horne, Woods, Hood, Smith, Caldwell, Don, ana the.mover CROWN LAMJS SIXES BILL Iii DUFFY gavo notice, that on Tuesday next, he would move ccitain amendments in the Crown Lands Sales Bill, ns follows - Clause 14, line 15, after tho words " survey d in," insert tho words "extensive arcas divid d into Clause 15 to be omitted, with a vietv to strike out of the Bill the provisions for disposing of the pubhd lands m certain coses by competitive tenders, and substituting a simpler and speedier method Clause 47, line 51, " 12 months to be omitted, and "two years to bo substituted Glauses 59 and CO to be struck out After Clause 84, a clause saving the rights of miners to be in- serted KYNETON DEVIATION. j Mi HADLLY .brought up the report of the ,l,i> i Selcet Committee on the deviation of the railway, i. r ( near Kyneton, and ,moyed that it; he read. Mr. PRENDERGAST stated that, before the _/- A{ J i íoport was read, ; he should like < to niako a few ; 0 ii remarks It was usual to ? allowwitnesses ex ii « Í .imined before a Select Committee, to revise their 'i i 't evidence before the Committee reported upon it, )u jl but, m tho present instance, he was inform ji ij ' i ' that the evidence-'hnd> not only been correcte 1, i ' but had been considerably altered by some of th ) fl i witnesses, and ho. considered' that the House should be informed of that fact., "rl ' The 8PE4KER stated that the hon. member 01 ' 'was premature in making such remarks until the ! 1 .' . * íeport was under the consideration of the House. Mr. PRENDERGAST abserved.that he merely , ("{i , wished to remark that it was; a most inipropor ) V| j CO"18«! :-,.'. -.'i -': i.'..:. r I The repoit was then read, by which it appeared iltlit that the Committee were in favour of railway as ii i. 1 commodation being given to Kyneton, ovoa i although the extra expense involved would be 1 .< i £18,000 They also stated that that amount tu «lu * would bo realised by the sale of Government land ti ÎI » '. »'r in the immcdiite locality. ? \ i t -IT >?. I'I The report was adopted, and its consideration 't'f J ' ' ' ' .modo an order of the day for Tuesday. Mr. PRENDERGAST repeated the observa , ; ' tions ho had previously mado> stating that he \- ' thought the witi íesses had been guilty of a broach 'l ' of privilege. He did not intend to proceed , t further m the matter, but ho thought tho evideno i had been very much altered and cooked since it was firstgiven. '' i ,¡. Mr. WOOD reminded the hon. member that during tho pro pious session a witness had been "'» ' summoned to the Bar of the House for a similar w - "* offence. . ? . : ; ^j The matter then droppedi " I ', POSTPONEMENTS. Motions standing in the name of the lion, member Mr. Mollison, referring to the roport of í Í the surveyors of the road between Seymour and \\. ¡ i Tallarook, and of the Inspeotor-General on the / _J desire of the hon; member. : SLUDGE AT EPSOM. Mr. CARPENTER gave notice that on Friday, , the 27th, ho would move that1 an address be pro-. 'l ' ¡ sented to His Excellency the Governor, asking 1 , him to causo to be placed on the Estimates the 1 sum of £8,000,.for compensation to persons re 1 * siding al Epsom whoso property had been injured \ by tlio overflowing of the sludge; ,it', ;v PETITION.' ?' Mr. RUSSELL presented a petition fiom the Municipal Council of Belfast, referring to the grant-in-aid to tho municipality for 1860, and asking the Government to carry out tho promises ' made by their predecessors. The SPEAKER ruled that the petition oould not bo received, as it asked for a grant of monoy. BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE. Mr. SERJEANT gave notice that on Tuesday next he should move that every second Thurs- day, commencing on Thursday, the 2nd February, the orders of the day take precedence of the notices of motion. The SPEAKER informed the lion, member that he must embody in his motion a request that the standing ordeis be suspended. LAW REPORTING. Mi. BARTON gave notice that on Thursday next he would move that the Houso resolvo itself into Committeo, for tho purposo of pre- senting an address to His Excellency the Governor, asking him to cause to bo placed on the Estimates the sum of £ , for the put pose of obtaining reporters of the decisions of the Judges by professional íeports, under the autho- rity of the Judges, the reports to bo printed at the Government printing-office, to^bo tlio propei ty of the Government, and sold*"to tho public. CROWN LANDS SALES BILL. Mr. O'HEA gave notico, that on Tuesday he should move certain amendments in the 38th clause of the Land Bill. ,Mr. WOODS gave notice that on Tuesday ho would move the following amendments in the Ciown Lands Sales Bill : " In clause 13, the omission of all the words ' and all country lands shall bo sold by selection at the uniform price of £11 an acre, savo in tho cases hereinafter mentioned.' with the view of inserting clauses providing that where country lands are on an average woith considerably more i than £1 an acre, thoy should be sold at a price to ho determined by valuation, » » EDUCATION;' Mr. HADLEY gave notico, that on Tuesday he should move tho following resolutions : "'That whereas the annual, grant for pubho education was intended by that House as a bon I ! fide aid to tho instruction of the people of this " colony in knowledge and Aiorahty, and not as a L support to chut ches, in the opinion of that House the following principles should be adopted m the 1 distribution of the grant ,for 1860 :-I. That .the Ofllco Department of,eafah Board be first pro ' Tided for, at a rate not exceeding that of 1858, any .reductions made during 1850 to be sustained. 2\. That the salaries of teachers under both Boards be paid at the same rato as in 1858. 3. That the amount appiojiriatod to the Denomi- national Board be divided'by that Board among the various denominations, according to the num- ber of pupils taught by each respectively, without reference to the census. 4. That the hillanco be ' distributed in grants for buildings, the giants for that purpose by the Denominational Board to be ' made in the proportions of the several denomina- tions on the last census of the colony, and no grant to either Board to exceed the amount of the local subscriptions." REGISTRATION COMMITTEE. Mr. SNODGRASS moved that the report of the Registration Committee be adopted. The motion was put and carried. " ELECTORAL piILL. ' ' "Mr. SNODGRASS gavé (notice, that on Tuoa 1 day ho should 'move thai in the opinion of thit *' House tho Electoral Jill for 1B59 should b3 rendered available for tlio year 1860. , 'J" "AUSTRALASIAN INSURANCE COMPANY. Mr. GILLESPIE gave notice, that on Tuesday . he wouldmovo for the Appointment of a Select Committee on the Australasian Firo and Life Insurance Company's Bill, such Committee tJ -.'consist of Messrs. Howard, Humffray, Houston, .s\ iKcefer, Pyke, and the mover. ' '"' NATIONAL BANK-OF'AUSTRALASIA. '" (1.Mr. MICHIE gavo notice that'on Tuesday ha '' would movo that the,National Bank of Austrjt 'asia Bill be referred to, a Select Committeo, co.i. *s" sis ting of Messrs. Thomson, Caldivoll, Anderson, " Hcates, Howard, lluuimny,"n!ul-tho,mover. BESOLUTtONS IN SUPPLY REPORTED. On tho "motion of Mr. M'CULLÖCH.tUe ros> iutions passed in the Committee of supply ox .he previous evening woro reported, i upon thi I tem referring to the Paymaster of Police boin¡ read, ' ?? l j Mr. SNODGRASS moved as on amendment that it bo referred hack to the Committco, with a view to its being placed on its original footing. The bon. member stated that ho had boon un- avoidably absent from the Committee on the pre- vious evening, but had observed in the noivj papers that on the motion of the hon. membor Mr. Hoales the voto for the salary .of tho Pay- master had been passed for six months only, no reasons for such a course having been assig iel, with a view to abolishing the office altogether. Ho might inform the House that the Paymaitsr of Polico had many very important duties to por Eorm independent of thoso of his office, as he had to audit tho accounts of tho polico, and pievout them being defrauded in.anywayi If the Treasury could manage all the subdivision of labour which at prcsont was performed by tho Pay- master, thoy could do a great deal moio than be (Mr. Snodgrass) gave thom credit for. He trusted that the House would not hold with the abolition of such a useful office. _ Mr. J. T. SMITH seconded the motion. Mr. BEALES stated that in any statements he bad mado in that House lie had never willingly endeavoured to mislead any hon. members, and that he did not propose anything onkono occasion that he was not prepared to support on anotlnr, Tho lion, member had stated that ho was abäsat when tho item of Paymaster was under tho om sideiationof the Oommiteo, butho (Mr. Beales) did not imagine that an objection foundod up>i that fact could bo tenablo, as if an lion, moinbir chose to bo absent from tho Houso for tho par pose of enjoying himself, the timo of 'hon. mem L.C1S should not be wasted by lediscussing tin business which m his absence had D03n transacted. As far as regaided tho ronsonä w hieh liad boon assigned for reducing tho item, although ho (Mr. Henles) was not- prepniod to say that all tho remarks which ho had made ap- peared in tlio newspapors, and probably it wn right that thoy should not appear, ho might state that ho had adduced sufficient reasons t J induce the House to accede to the reduction, io S that ho disapproved of the man who fillod tin office, but that he thought tho offico should b3 abolished for tho purposes of economy, ila thought the course pursued by the "'lion, member for Dalhousie would he a bad precedent to bsti blish. as hou. members would never know when the business would bo terminated, land"als3l because reopening discussions would not| only involve a great loss of timo, but would bo of serious inconvenience to the House. |Undor those circumstances, ho should oppose the amen.-, ment. , ' , Some other items having boon read and adopted hy the House, 1 - , , Hpon tho vote for the salary of ( the Chief Medical Officer being read, < < Mr. SNODGRASS said that, notwithstanding' the i cmaikä which had beon madd by tlio httq. member for the East Bourke Boroughs,1 he folt it his duty to call tho attention of tho House t? the serious reduction which liad boori 'made in the salary of the Chiof Medical Officer.'"' Ho Was not awaro on the motion of what'hon. inombjf that reduction had been made. J'Ho' Shis now informed it was on that of the lion! member for Geelong. That hon. member had assigned as one of his reasons for making the reduction the fact that no medical officer was allowed, to Goo- long. . For many years it had been»,the cry, that if Geelong was deprived of ono officor, it wns a good reason why the same i coursm should bo pursued with (regard to Mol-1 bourno, but ho (Mr. Snodgrass) had hoped th.it buch feelings had diod away. .J It appeared to him that the salary of Dr. M'Ciae had boen! reduced from £1,275 to £800, because it was sall that he had a private practice, and also becamp a charge had boen brought forward by the koa.' member for the East Bourke Bordughsi which ho (Mr. Snodgrass) very much regretted, as it was a, one-sided charge. He had mado ^iuquirici,' and', found that it could not bo substantiated, and that no blame whatever could b¿ attached to Dr. M'Crae. It was stated by the lion, inembjr that Dr. M'Crae had given a medical certificate to a gentleman lunatic in opposition to the wish, of the Surgeon-Superintendent of theAsylum. At first it appeared a breach of duty, but whon the House weie informed that tho lunatic in question'' had boen in the habit of coming into Mèlbourno, ' without any attendant, for 10 months previous to the certificate being given, thoy,would see that ¡the medical officer was not to blame. .It appeared that shortly after tho certificate was given tlw (gentleman was seized, whilst in Melbourne, with [a violent attack of insanity, brought" on through I the use of ardent Bpirits, so that, the charge of. the hon. member fell to the ground. Ho boltovol that the Chief Medical Officer ¿had as much on his hands as any Government officer, and, by a» report which had been furnished, it would b3 seen that during the past year he had presoribel for 8,800 persons, without mentioning otho.1 duties ; so that, taking tho average prico of pia fessional visits at tho low sum of 10s, Gd., it would be ascertained that the Government hil been considerable gainers. Other duties weço referred to in tho leport, which had also beon mentioned hy the hon. member for Kilmo,a, who, from his experience of Dr. M'Crae, mast Lave felt quite assured that he. was a most competent officer. He should' move that tha item bo re-committed, hoping that the' HOUSJ would not do an injustice toa gentleman win deserved well at thoir hands. 'It was a most monstrous thing for any gentleman in tho Borvioe of the Government to know that by a majority of only throe hon. members he might bo deprived of one-third of his income. Mr. GILLESPIE seconded the motion. Mr. HEALES stated that tho duties of the Chief Medical Officer had been most fully dis- , cussed by the Committee, and it was pi etty well leceivod as an opinion that ho was over-paid. As íegarded his piivato practice, it iras hot a matter fortho Committee to say how large that . practice might be, but he (Mr. Ileales) presumod ' that Dr. M Crao attended upon as many families 1 as asked him to attend upon them. (" No, no.") Ho had not any wish to re-open thó discussion, , but simply to refer to tho remarks concerning hirasolf. The hon. member had stated that ho had misled the Committee by the remarks he had mado upon the mtorferenco of Dr. M'Crae with Dr. Bowie's patients, hut the lion, member had not proved that ho had done so. It was stated that the lunatic gentleman had boon allowed to visit Melboumo without beim* under the chargo of an attendant, whilst under tlio care of Dr. Bowie, but he (Mr. Heales) liad only to stato, and was willing, if necessary, to bring evi- dence to prove, that the lunatic was never al- lowed to go into Melboumo without an attend- ant, and was never allowed to go to Melbourne ?without the express permission of Dr. M'Crae. It was also represented by the Surgeon Superin- tendent that it was necessary the lunatic should go to Molbourno, for the purpose of making anargoments by which ho could bo sent to Eng- land to his friends. There were also certain claims he had against the Government, so that Drs. Bowie and M'Crae thought it clesirablo ho fhould go to Melbourne; but always with an attendant. Thus the assortion, that ho was with- out an attendant, was not based upon f.ict. He would also observe, that Dr. Bowie Mr. MOLLISON rose to order, as ho thought it was extremely undesirable that such matters phould bo imported into the debate, as they had no reference to the question of tho reduction or otherwise of tho salary of Dr. M'Crao. Ho hal much regretted on a previous eveuiug, to hoar tho hon. member for the East Bourke Borouglm praising Dr. Bowie at the expense of Dr. M'Crae, nnd stating facts that the House had no oppor- tunity of having confirmed. ¡ ¡. Mr. BEALES said that he should be un- willing to prolong the discussion, as it'hadas i-umed a personal aspect, but ho" felt bound to m.ike a counter statement. <>*?' ' - i Mr. KING thought that no lion, member wl» had been absent during tho debate should aftor wards bo allowed to re-open the matter. Ho wal piesent when the vote in question' was' under the consideration of the Committee, and had voted for the reduction, and he should certainly vote against the amendment of the lion, member for Dalhousie. ' J Mr. HARRISON said that if ¡tho lion, mem- ber Mr. Snodgrass had been ia his place in the House when the vote for the salary of the Chief Medical Officer was in Committee, there would have boon no occasion for the ' bon. member to como forward on the present occasion to furnish the House with a travestie of what took place, and to rehash the arguments which ho (Mr. Hairison) had used. The objections which w ere urged by him for the reduction of tlio Vote wcic biued upon tho argument, that whilst theie was o.ily tho sum of £1,200 for medical > officers in the country districts, a similar sum was too great for the medical officer of Melbourne.' He also men- tioned that Geelong had been left out altogether, and at1 Dr. M'Crae's suggestion that the work could be dona more ' economically. If that was the case, so much the moire reason whj tho salaiy of Dr. M'Croe should beioduced. Ho thought tho system adopted by the lion, member was bad, because, if followed by other hon. members, it would lead to a great deal of factious opposition. Mr. BARTON condemned the course puHuol hy tho hon. member for D_lhout>ie. Mr. WOOLLEY said that, although ho was prevented from being present on the night whm the vote was under discussion,'ho might rem irk, with reference to obscrvftions which had bjji mado in that House, that individual re-duo .io-« bad been condemned by hon. members, and upn that ground he should iuppoi t the nmcndmo it. . Mr. HUNTER' ¿aid "ib'at he had voted for tin reduction, as he was under tho impression th it i Dr. M'Crao was permitted to'havo private prii* i the. If that was not the case,, the salary wu imull enough. I Mr. MICHIE said that he had keea oue of th) absentees on the evoning on which the vote w11 1 usscil, and he would at onoo confess that li 5 1 ad been to the theatre, where he had soon t'l : 1 on. member for Warrnambool also., (Laughter. ) Ile apprehended that when once a'vote had boo 1 r greed to by a majority of the House, it ougY. lot to bo rediseussod because one hon. memujr happened to bo absent, and ho should, theiofo.'J, IT pose tho amendment. I Mi. JOHNSTON thought there wassomothiii$ (-recial in the item in question, as, instead of 1 it auction of 10 or even 20 per cent, having boo 1 II ado, 30 pel cent, was cut off. He> was one > ,iio absentees when the subject but ho'believed that generally speaking he wai in attendance as regularly as any lion, member Ile looked upon tho íeduction which had boan imtdc as an injury, and thought that some serious offence had boon committed by Dr. M'Ciae. Ile bhbuld vote for the amendment. Mr. LOADER stated that,owing to the llotn having refused to accede to tho proposition of , making a 10 per cent, reduction in all the di ' pnrtments, the lion, members on lim side of *h > House wero compelled to mako indiv ¡dual rod 1 , tiens. There was no doubt that the itom 11 question was heavily reduced; but still no injin/ had been done, as every officer under tho Goi cra- ment was aware that ho was liable'to such re 111 tion, and oven the medical officer know tin., although his salary ono year might bo £1,21 ), the next it might be £800, and tho third yo tr, perhaps, only £500. '" Mr. J. T. SMITH said that Dr. Carr, t'n lunatio gentleman alluded to, batt fioquoiîl' Leon allowed to visit Melbourne, and tint 11 England such a system was adoptad. Iii 1 objected to tho reduction, as it was not equitabla when compared w th other reductions, especially ns the sum of £475 was intended as allowance t> ? forage. Tho amendment was then put, and tlio Iloa.o dil ided with the following result : Ayes .23 Noos ... ' ._ ... 23 , Majority against the amendment 5 Tho remaining items passed by the Oominitt¡3 M GIO roportod to the House and adopted. SUPPLY. ' ' ' On the motion of Mr. M'CULLOCH, tbo Houso resolved itself into a Committoo 0.' Supply. ' , ' , < , EDUCATION. Mr. M.'0UiLOOH moved that the sum oi .. £125,000 bo gi anted for the purposes of od'in, t tion, to bo distributed as follows :-The Dono in' national Board, £92,500, and the Natioail. £32,500. It was, possible that the education ii measures npw before,,Parliament might ia son 3 degree alter (thc distribution of this vole, but it ?was considered by the Government to bo ex 11 dieut to take the vote as hitherto, and its ultí- mate application might bo made dependent on 1 the decision of tho House. ) After some 'discussion, the vote for £125,033 was granted for education, the proposed modo of distribution being withdrawn. *" ' ' ' ' ELECTORAL ROLLS . "* Mr. IM'OIJLLOOH moved that tho sum o' £20,000 be voted for the compilation of tho oleo ' toral Tolls.'', ' ' ' Mr. WOODS wished to know'how this moaîy was to be expended, as the Government had re- cently intimated that thoy intended to introducá some alterations into the Electoral Law. Tho hut registration was most admirably contrived ti 'disfranchise half tho population. ("No, no.") Ho .would like to know how it was proposo J t) expend this Surtí,'and whether the Goverum: it intended to introduce a now Registration Act. Mr. O'SHANASSY moved that the sum b. reduced to £10,000.' «That was tho amount 113 l]ato Government intended to apply to the purpose of registration fofltho year: and, if it uooa-na licoessary to supplement it, tlio Constitution A;t gavo.tho Governor in Council power to apply a portion of the revenuo to tho purpose r_}Ir. NICHOLSON said it was quite truot'iU , when tho 1 Government received tho Estimat.s from thehtinds pf their prodecessors, tho san named 1 for thor > purposes of, registration WM £10,000, hut if the present Act was to contine ih operation, thó Government had no alternativa hut to proceed with the registration on the lOi'i of February.* ' Tho Registration Committee, in their report, had .submitted a Bill to the Ho .na io the effect, that there should be no registration hevond the quarterly registration, ana that tho rolls for 1850 should be taken as for I860, with those additions. If tho'House accopted this ~ proposition! the expenditure now proposed would tie unnecessary, and the amount would fall into , the general revenuo. 1 Mr. BROOKE said they were bound to accept ? the law as it stood. The Government had no alternative but to proceed in the collection of rotes unless the Houso carno to some othor di , termination in tho interim. It ' would bo much better for tho House to agree to the vote, aul if it was not required, it need not be expended. ' Mr. GRAY was afraid that the Houso IMS about to como to a very inconsiderate conolusioa. H it was intended to pieseno large popular con- stituencies, the means must > be provided for a system of registration. If the .House carno to somo othor resolution with regard to registration, it was possible that a less sum might bo required, otherwiso, in the event of n general election, the country would ho in a worse position than beforo, when, as hon. members would recollect, t'io meeting of Parliament was delayed some throa or four months in order to makeup the electoral íoltó. - ' '< Mr. O'SHANASSY repeated «that if a vote for £10,000 was taken, the balance, if required, could bo obtained from tho Treasury by an order from the Governor in Council, who was empowered uy the Constitution Act to provided for the registra- tion of voters. ' Mr. DUFFY said it was quite true that a su n might bo taken from tho Treasury for this par pose, but what object would bo gained by reduc- ing the vote, and then going to the Treasury for tho balance ? If the sum proposed was voted atid not requirod, it would not bo used for any ofnr purpose, so that it could be much bettor to voto tho whole amount, and the sum not requited would remain as a floating balanco to the credit of the general revenue a Mr. SNODGRASS said there appeared to bo some misapprehension as to tho uuturo of the Bill the Registration Committee recommended. If that Bill passed, the roll for 1859 with thp quarterly additions would bo taken as tho rolls for 1800, and not a shilling of the sum now prapojed would be required. Mr. DON said it was impossible to tell whother the proposed BUL would pass or not. There w.u a law at present in foice, and a sum was put o i the Estimates to carry it into effect, and ha could not understand the opposition on the part of tho hon. member for Kilmore. If the GJ veinor in Council could provide for the registra- tion of electors under tlio Constitution Act, I13 would ask why the sam was placed on the Esti- mates at all ? It would bo as reasonable to p.it the salaries under "Schedule D" upon tho Bin- ni ates. Mr. M'CULLOCH consented to withdiaw the item until after the fate of the Bill about to be introduced had been determined. 1 BOARD OF SCIENCE. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that tho sum of £700 be voted for the salary of a Secretary to the Board of Science, and keeper of the records. Dr. MACADAM moved that the item bo struck out, as there was now no necessity for tho con ' tinuance of the office. The expenditure had boen continued for several years, and the results sought to be attained were in a great measure . achieved. Thevposition of .Secretary to the Board , of Science was purely honorary, and since tile ' mineralógica! department had been íemovod to tho Observatory, and placed under the control of Professor Neumayer, the functions of tho office had in a great measure ceased. The hon. mombar then referred to tho report of the Civil Service Commission, and said that the maps at prosont prepared under (the auspices of the Board of Science ought to bo compiled by the Survey Departmont. : . Mr. DUFFY characterised the statement of Dr. Macadam as incorrect. The duties of Air. Brough Smyth were of a vory onerous character. He had, in addition to other dutios, to draw «maps defining' electoral and municipal bounda- ries, and the House bad defined electoral dis- tricts, tho authority for whioh was Mr. Brough Smyth solely. He could bear testimony to that gentleman's talents and industry, and the loss of his services would fall heavily on the department with which ho was connected. . < < l 6_Dr. EVANS would be acting vory unjustly towards a vory valuablo public servant did ha not'confirm every-word spoken by Mr. Duffy. Whatever might be his designation in the Esti- mates, ho must term Mr. Brough Smyth one of the most efficient-and indiibtrious officers in tlio public service. He regretted tho manaor in Milich the bon. member had brought forward his motion, as ho appeared to base it on mero verbal criticism. The maps sent home by Mr. Brough Smyth were the subject of encomiums on tue part of Professor Owen, at a late meeting of th j Biitish'Association. He did not, however, knew llmt that consideration would inuenco bon. mem- bers, as literature and scieneo.weic somewhat a; | a discount in tho Reformed Parliament. j Mr. FRAZER supported the Vote, believing the bcrviccs of Mr. Brough Smyth were' mut >a!iiabh) to. tho gold-iields. , ' | Mr. O SBANAS3Y added his testimony to H13 utility of tim ollie.n-. The division of the country into electoral districts was 'the'' w6ik of Mr. liioi.h Smjtli, and ho would'assurc^he HÓUJ. that this sum of £200 WAS the liest ¡ippropri-t.l of any which lud come under their uo.iitderatioa. Dr. MA'JADA.M, in cxplinution, mil tho ob- I ¿cot of his motion was morely io transfer tho item to the Survey, Department. Cío had no wish to depreciato the services of eithqr Mr. Brough Smyth cr the Board of Science, and would with- draw his motion. The item was then agreed to. | Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that tho sum of £300 be'voted for the Balary of the draftsman for tho Board of Science. i The voto was agreed to. j GEOLOGICAL SURVEY;. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that the sum of £7,595 bo voted for salaries, as under : Government Geologist, including £400 in lieu of equipment, travelling expenses, &c.;, £1,400. Molrnontôlogist, £300. ( Chief draftsman and clerk, £450. Draftsman, £350. , Engravers and lithographers-ono at £400 an! , oneat£350-£750. Lithographie printer, £300. j ! Assistant pressman, at 10s. per working day, | £156 10s. Four Hold assistants-ono at £650, two at £509, and one at £450, £2,100. ' labourers and general assistance, ¿£1,788 10s. Mr. LOADER moved that the, voto be struck out, with a view of placing tho Geological Depart- ment under that of the Surveyor-General's De- ment. > ¡ ' Mr. SNODGRASS quoted from the Civil Sor vico report, which spoke highly of the sorvioos rendered by those officers. It was not only tho 'services they rondered tho country by tho dis- covery of gold which must bo tijiken into consi- deration. There wero veins of coal and other , minerals among the treasmes which wero to be found in this country. (Hear.) , , Mr. NICHOLSON could not .understand the object of tho amendment moved by tho hon. member (Mr. Loader) ; because even if tho I Geological 'Department wero transferred in aj I cordanco with his suggestion, tho Geologists' I salaries would still bo required. < Ho would ob Bcrve, as a proof of tho advantages which wore conferred upon the country by this department, that several now gold-fields had been discovered by means of it. He held in his hand a report from that department dated as far back as 1855, I in which it was predicted that gold would bo found near tho Dandenong Ranges wheio the present rush was taking placo. ? < Mr. CALDWELL advocated aii incroaso lather I than a deoreaBO in the voto, for ho thought the geologists, by tho recommendations contaitiod in their reports, did-good servioo to the minors. Ho was, however, or opinion that tho llthogiaphic woik might bo done by contract. Mr. WOODS thought the amendment was not to do a.vay with the department altogether, but ?simply to place it under tho Surveyor-Gonorai's department. However scientific tho researohos of tho Geologists might bo, as yet practically thoy lind not dono much for tho country. If tho dis i covery of a new gold-field on the Dandenong llanges was set forth as the reason why those salaries should be granted, why1 were not the original discoverers of some of our prinoipal ^old-fields, such as Fiery Creek, Castlemaine, and Ballarat, entitled to similar compensation ? Ile supported the motion, and he did not think lie should bo doimr away with the Geological ¡Survey by transferring it to another department. Mr. M'CULLOCH could nop .reconcilo tk.3 lion, member's lost argument with his oxpressod intention to support tho motion. .. Mr. SERVICE explained that the transfor of the Geological Survey waa morely a departmental arrangement, which would ni no way affect the expenditure required, add would bo a quostion ior the Government to consider. The officers .whosé salarios were undor consideration woro all fully employed. When tlio report of the Civil Servico Commissioners contained a suggestion to transfer the Geologists'Department to thoDepart ment of Lands and Survey,''it only suggested what was considered a more efficient way of con- ducting it. The Commissioners did .not, as was evident hy the high torms in which thoy spoke of the Government geologists, coutomplato any economical change. ' Mr. STEPHEN could testify to the effioioat und scientific manner in which the 'duties of his office were performed by the Government Geologist. Independent of their nttompts to discovor gold, tho geological surveyors did good Bcrvico to tho country by finding out whore gold was not, and ulso in deciding upon the best places for boring for wator. (" Question.") Mr. WOODS rose to ordor. Ho thought the lion, mombor for , Collingwood was out of order in discussing the qualifications of the Govern- ment Geologist. (" No, no.") w The CHAIRMAN said that the "hon. member (Mr. Loader) could not transfer the department as he had suggested. . , Mr. WOOD asked what was tho motion boforo the Houso. Tho hon, member had first movod that the voto bo struck out, and afterwards that it bo transferred to the department of tho Sur- ir ayor-General. Tho CHAIRMAN said, Mr. Loader's motion was that tho vote should be struck out. Mr. ANDERSON was of opinion that tho geological Burvey ought to bo placed undor tho ¿Jcpnrtmont of Lands and Surrey. It was only a lioi tion of the survey department, and was at prcbent located in the same building. As a simulo matter of transfer, ho should support the motion, that tho vote be struck out. Mr. M'CULLOCH obsoryed that the depart- ment could be transferred at any time if it should he found advisable without striking out the vote. In the moan time, tho discussion appeared to him a complete wastoof time, and if tho salaries now beforo the Committee were not passed bofora the end of January, the sorvants of the Govern- ment would bo placod in a vory awkward posi- tion. Mr. LOADER offered to withdraw tho amend- ment, upon tho understanding that tho lion, the Tieasurer would take into consideration tho pro- priety of transferring the department. Mr. M'CULLOCH would mako no plodga. The Government would always bo ready to liston to any suggestions on the subject. Mr, LOADER thon withdrew the motion ; and moved that the items bo considered Mr. DON did not think any practical result had followod tho geological researches of tho department. As to the coal-field which had been found, he believed it was discovered by u New castle collier. Mr. HOOD had heard froquont complaints thai there wasuotaskoletongeologicalmap of tho wholo country-a thing which might bo dono by Mr. Solwin and his party in one month. Ho thought if tho Government geologists were to go ovor th.3 country and make a skotoh of the geological features of the different districts, a great deal of good would bo effected, and the country would get something for its monoy.' Mr. SERVICE said that' was a courso which was particulaily objected to on all sides. Com- plaints were made that too much time was given uo tho drawing up of plans which desenbou the , surfuco of the earth, whilo sufficient attontion was not given to the treasures which existed below. Mr. WOOD did not undorstand tho hou. mom- | ter. Had such a map been drawn up ? Mr. STEPHEN.-Thero wero two maps laid upon tho table of the House tho provious I ovening. H After a few words from Mr. PRENDERGAST, Mr. M'CULLOCH muvcel that tho Bum of £1,400 be voted for the salary of tho Government Geologist, including A 400 in lieu of equipment, travelling expenses, ice. ( Mr. LOADER moved that the sum bo reduced to £1,000. Mr. CARPENTER had never seen any of the geological surveyors in tlio Sandhurst dfatria'., sind thought the best surveyors and the mo it piactical men wore the experienced minors in each district. The lion, member referred to the report of a Mining Commission consisting of tliroo porsons, of whom the Government Geolo- gist was ono, in which it had been stated that the vein of gold in a certain quartz-reef would fail in «. vertical direction at a certain depth, whilo it would be found pnrtioularly rich horizontally ; instead of which, experience had proved that tue gold did not extend in a horizontal direction, while all reefs of a similar nature had been fount to yield profitable returns at a depth, in som j coses, of 300 feet. The lion, member then re- ferred to a letter on this subject which appeared some timo ago in The Argus,, lellecting upon rt Maternent which ho hod mado in the House, »ii to which lie had sent a roply. His letter in vin- dication of the misrepresentations mado by th 3 Press-and they were continually misropresontin:» ¡lum,-had been refused insertion. (" Question,'"; That was another nut for tho Press. (Laughter.) ¿He contended that tho Geological Survey Dopart fiiicnt had not Hone so much towards tho dis [covery of now gold-fields as tho miners, to wlioss enterprise the country was chiefly indobted. (Hear.) Mr. M'CULLOCH roso to a point of ordor. It was a pity to take up tho time of the Houso in kliscussing that question. 1 I Mr. MICHIE did not sgroo with tho hon. tho 'J'reasuror. Ho thought the discussion was quite pertinent to the question. The CHAIRMAN ruled that Mr. Carpenter i»as in order. ' , ' Mr. CARPENTER continued.-¡-Ho thought the geologists might visit many of tho gold-Hold) hud acquiro a good deal of information. If tho (House voted alargo sum of money for geological purveyors tho country É ought to derive somoai Kaiitagefrom their operations. Most gold-field 1 IA ere discovered in the samo way as Mr. Hir ^reaves had first discovered gold in this country. 1 y comparing the formations in ono placo with, those in tmother. Ho «.is quito sure that if machinery and appliances similar to thoso whic'i ?weio used in the mines at home had been adopted in this country a far different result would have lollowcd. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MICHIE could not support the motioa of the lion, member for West Melbourne. ' In fact, ho was in the dark altogether, for ho had heard no reasons for or against the motion. He thought tho House had a right to ask for somo explanation of the advantages which the country doiivod fiom so largo an expenditure as £7,51J. Ho could not for a moment suppose that tho lion membor (Mr. Loader) had intended entirely to expunge tho vote. It appeared that lu merely wished to transfer the ' department, Nor did ho entirely agreo with" the argument i adduced in support of the ^amendmout b/ the lion, member for Mandurang. Tho Houso must consider that which ho would state as a fact, that thoro had'been" for many years vory little real practical geological know- ledge in the country. As an instance of tills ho w ould allude to the owner of tho Kapunda' Capper Mino, "Whoso discovery of tho i ¡ches ho possosied was meioly owing to tho circumstance of a'lny hringing a piece of blue carbonate into tho pro- prietor's room while a visitor was present. " Why, that is copper!" said tho visitor, and copper .c proved to be, to the great astonishment of tha proprietor of the 80-aore section where it wn round. The land was put up for salo and pui chascd, and now there was not only a flourishing Kapunda mino but a largo Kapunda township, situated on and near tho spot. How much labour and time, tho lion,'member asked,' would have been saved had thero existed at the time a Government Geological Surveyor, who could have been called to look at the ground, and to who ii the appearances of the surface would have .ii plainly said, " This is a 'coppor mine," as thougi they had boon so many letters of the alphabat ' Tho Buna Burra mines were discovered ,in. a similarly accidental way by a shepherd, who, when the "nobs" and tho "snobs" were quai rai- ling about tho Princess Royal Mine, poisuadol both to appoint a deputation to examino som) fround nt a little distance, which eventually ecaino tho Burra Burra Mino. A huge resorvj of land was then surveyed to take in both mino i, and the "snobs" and "nobs" quarrelling, a; other nobs and snobs would do, a division w u made, the richer Burra Burra falling to the mo.'a plebouvn partj'. Affairs woro at such alowo'l) at South Australia at tho time, thal this dis- covery of the shepherd saved the colony fro n insolvency. Still a vost amount of labour, trouble, and doubt would havo boon saved lind % geological surveyor boon on tho spot, and In thought it little short of madness to disponso with, an officer who might probably save the colony in the caso of a crisis of affairs oecuirii ig. In conclusion, ho would Bay that, in his opinion, the lion, tho Treasurer ought to havo pointed out the valuo of tho duties performed by Mr. Selwyn. I ' Mr. VERDON' thought tlio Committee, wore , agreed as. to the necessity of a geological staff, although ignorant, of what had been done by a geological.survey. Ho .thought the reason why this had not been, done was that the assistants,' instead of carrying on ? their investigations into the physical nature of the country, were occupied with topographical surveys. Ho objected to tho transfer of the GoologicalSurveyor to the Survoy Department, though he advocated his removal to thooffiooof Land and Woiks ; and ho moroover thought a little moroi harmony between tho dif- ferent offices connected with survey, both topo- graphical and geological, should exist. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. NICHOLSON quoted the report of tho Civil Service Commission to show what dutioi Mr. Selwyn and his staff had beon performing, and, stated that they .had been removed from Bacchus Marsh, where they had been making investigations into the nature of tho froestons quarries, nnd were now at Capo Patterson, par i suing researches into thecoal-liolds of that dis- trict. Tile Geological Survey department h 11, he owned, laboured under considerable inconvo nienco from tho want of facilities for publishin,,' tho results of their discovories. A large amount of information was already prepared for publioi tion, but owing to vvant of funds nothing could bo done. Some facilities-would soon bo afford a I by tho combination of . the various dotaohol lithographic offices which wore now connooto I with various departments of the public servios. The duties of tho Geological Surveyor wore exceedingly onerous, as ho had to exercise a clo33 personal survey over all tho work performed b/ his staff. Before sitting down ho would montioi one important branch of the duties of the Geo- logical Survey staff, and that w..s to oxamina squnttors' pre-emptivo rights as to their auri fcrousness before they wero put up for sale. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BROOKE thought a great deal of mis- conception had arisen from tho insufficoncy of tin amount granted for _ publishing. ( Hear, hoar ) Some very valuable maps had already boon issuoJ, and many others were ready if money was granted to have them ongiaved and laid before the publie. He asked the Government to enlargo tho amount now on tho Estimates for this purpose. Mr. AMSINOK Baid an expenditure of £303 I would allow of the publication of at least 30 maps, which wore now ready. Ho trusted the salary in question would not bo reduced. Mr. PRENDERGAST thought £1,400 ww hy no means an extravagant sum for Mr. Selwyn, considering that gentleman's travelling expensas. , ,Mrl O'SHANASSY remarked that tho gold discoveries had first led to the establishment of a Geological Survoy-staff in this colony. Every civilised country, appeared to think an offioor Uko Mr. Solwyn a necessary, appendage, and fia Governmont of South Australia were once coin polled to borrow Mr. Solwyn's services, thui showing how.awkward tho absence of sucli au official from Australia would bo. He thought na officer Uko Mr. Selwyn most valuablo, and ti illubtrato this ho related an anecdote of a gentle- man who waa disabused of nn idea that a valu- able quartz-reef ran through his land by a glauco nt the Government geological maps. Mr. JOHNSTON suggested tlio withdrawal ot the amendment. He thought £1,000, with £19) for expenses, not too much for an nccomplishel geologist. Ho did not think a Govermnout geologist was properly omployed in survoyiur Known gold- fields. Ho objected to the lion, member fer Belfast's suggestion for a skoloton map, and would prefer tlio ghost of ono instead. (Laughter.) Tho salary, it must bo_reincmboreJ, was not for the officer, but for tho office. Mr. BRODIE thought not a single argumont hnd been adduced against the item. Ho was of opinion that a geological survey should givo way to the accumulation of data. Ho should support the motion. ? Mr. ANDERSON would also support the.mo- tion. In company with somo others, ho had attempted time after timo to reduce tho expendi- ture of the colony, and failed over and ovor again. Ile thought that now no isolated reduction should take plaeo without special reason, (near, hoar.) The lion, tho Chief Secretary had, in his opinion, taken up the challenge givon, and shown the necessity for voting the full amount of the pro sent item. Mr. O'HEA asked how much of the goologicnl survey was roady for publication ? Mr. NICHOLSON could not say exactly how much had been prepared, but at all events it ?wns much moro than had at present been pub- lished. The expense of printing these maps would bo provided for undor the hoad of "con- tingencies." Dr. MACADAM suppoitod the motion, consi- dering a man of Mr. Solwyn's accomplinhmontj could not be obtained by the colony at a less cost. Mr. GRAY expressed a hope that explanations, to the maps would bo furnished, and steps would be taken to secure their dissemination among all classes, by a reduction in thoir price. Mr. PRENDERGAST honed the maps would be furnished to tho Mining Boards. Mr. NICHOLSON said tho wide dissemination of the maps depended upon the money voted by the Houso. (Hear, hear.) A number of tho33 maps, which wore roady for engraving, wore kept back for want of money to publish. Ho believed that, with the improvements that would bo introduced into the working of tho depart- ment, it would be a far moro popular one when the items connected with it next carno beforo tho House. The question was then put, and the amend- ment being negatived, the original motion was agreed to. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that £300 be voted as salary to a paleontologist. Mr. LOADER asked what were the duties of a paleontologist? Mr. NICHOLSON said the duty of a paleon- tologist was to examine the various fossils, &c.;, which were to be found in Victoria; and, per- haps, there was no man more competent to per- form such duties than Professor M'Coy. A scientific man could explain the matter better. The Government Paleontologist had also the charge of the geological collection in the Museum. Mr. WILKIE said he believed the Government Paleontologist also received £1,000 a year as a professor in the University. He believed many other gentlemen would be glad to perform the duties of Government Paleontologist for the sake of the world-wide fame they would be the means of giving them. He would move that the amount be reduced to £100. ("No, no.") Mr. M'CULLOCH replied that the £300 was not wholly paid as salary, but was absorbed in defraying many expenses connected with the office. Mr. WILKIE believed that Professor M'Coy was enabled by his office as Paleontologist to save other expenses. Dr. MACADAM took the opportunity to cor- rect the last statement. He regretted that no opportunity had been afforded to Professor M'Coy of publishing the information he had acquired. He trusted this information would be made to appear on the face of the geological maps. Mr. ANDERSON knew that Professor M'Coy was put to many expenses in performing the duties of his office. He trusted, for the dignity of the country, the amendment would not be carried. Mr. BARTON opposed the motion, on the ground that Professor M'Coy was a pluralist. Mr. VERDON said, that Professor M'Coy was not bound, as University professor, to do the duties of Paleontologist. He recommended hon. members to pay a visit to the University Museum, if they wished to judge of what this gentleman had done. The lack of public usefulness on the part of the professor's labours was owing to the want of facilities for publishing the results of his researches. If no other hon. member did so, he would move, at another time, that the sum of £500 be appropriated to aid in the publication of the results of the labours of the officer in ques- tion. He was satisfied the collection over which Professor M'Coy took charge would be a credit to any old country. He hoped the amount would not be reduced. Mr. MICHIE said he should endorse the hope of the hon. member who had preceded him, that the Committee would pass, the vote, as the Com- mittee would have the value of their money. Hon. members had asked what a paleontologist was? but, for the information of hon. members, he would tell them that he was a man who turned up old things—old remains, many of which were very valuable. It had been said that Professor M'Coy had no occasion to do that sort of work, which was a fact. He (Mr. Michie) was only surprised that the House should have wasted so much time on such a trivial sum of money as £300. Mr. JOHNSTON supported the original motion. Mr. O'HEA stated that the professorship was at the present time only a barren fig-tree. Mr VERDON stated that in the latest works of Sir Roderick Murchison he had seen many references made to the discoveries of Professor M'Coy; and he thought that the statement made by the hon. member (Mr. O'Hea) should not be allowed to go uncontradicted. Mr. WILKIE, under the circumstances, would withdraw his amendment. Mr. CARPENTER inquired whether Professor M'Coy received fees on the gold- fields from the diggers? for he had frequently seen him on the gold-fields, giving advice. Mr. NICHOLSON said, that as long as Pro- fessor M'Coy performed the duties required of him by the Government, they did not know how he employed his time. Mr. CARPENTER did not think that Pro- fessor M'Coy was "such a clever man;" and be- lieved that he had done a great deal of injury to the miners on the gold-fields by the theories and opinions he had ventured to give. Mr. MICHIE thought that Professor M'Coy was not the only scientific man who entertained peculiar theories concerning the gold-fields. Mr. KING stated that the time of the House had been wasted in the consideration of small items, and he for one condemned such a practice. The question was then put, and carried. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that the sum of £5,045, be voted for other expenses connected with the department. The motion was put, and carried. MAGNETIC SURVßY. ( Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that, under this head, tho sum of £1,310 bo votod as foUows : Director, with quarters, £400. , ' ' Threo assistants-one at £300, and two at £250 -£S00. Messenger, with quarters, fuel, ,and water, £110. Mr. HARRISON asked if the 'office was con- nected with any in England? as, if not, the re- searches of Professor Noumayer wero of Uttlo U£C. Dr. MACADAM stated, that Professor No_ mnyor rendored great servico to every captain who arrived in this Bay, by adjusting the com- passes and giving information as to magnetic currents and tho state of tho atmosphere. Mr. VERNON stated, for tho information of tho lion, member for Geelong, that Professor Neumayer was in correspondence, with Colonol Sabine, a gentleman who stood high in Europa, and by whom a strong opinion in favour of Pro- fessor Neumayer was entertained. ' Mr. CARPENTER moved that the ¡tem bo w ithdrawn, for the purpose of its being increased. (" No, no.") Woll, he wished to prove to the House that ho really was magnanimous. [Laughter.) Mr. O'SHANASSY trusted that tho amend- ment would not bo pressed, as Professor Neumayor » as quito satisfied with the salary paid him. Ho received remuneration from the King of Ba- varia. Mr. HOOD asked whothor the threo clerks ivoro in Melbourno ? - Mr. NICHOLSON said thoy wero ; and that others stationed in the country wore frequently corresponded with. Mr. HOOD stated that ho know of a casa where a gentleman for two years had takon meteorological observations, anti had never boon remunerated in any way. Mr. KEEPER said that tho gentleman alluded lo was in tho Survoyor-Geuoral's department. Mr. VERDON said that it was part of the duty of tho gontlomen in that department to make meteorological observations. He might bl ate, also, that Professor Neumayer was pursuing his observations in the country-travelling with a horso and cart, and following in the track of tho ¡jcodetic surveyors. Mr. BARTON thought that Professor Nou n.nyer was not sufficiently well paid, in compañ- ón with other officers undor tho Government. Lieutenant AMSINCIC stated that the sum of £400 was paid that tho colony might enjoy the benefit of researches which would otherwise bo sent to Bavaria alone. Dr. EVANS stated that Professor Noumayor \\\ as employed by the King of Bavaria, and that tho money paid by this colony was merely that it might enjoy the advantages of his discoveries. Mr. HOOD urged that, although Professor Neumayer rccoived a remuneration from tho King of Bavaria, there was no icason why the olony should pay him less than ho, under other iicumstanccs, would receive, especially as tin eolony derived so much benefit from his ro- fe carches, Mr. M'CULLOCH thought tho lion, mombor was labouring under a mistake. Professor Neumayer visited tho colony, not to obligo tho Government, but to prosecute researches for- a iureign powor; and the Government of Victoria paid min for the benefit they derived from tho information afforded to them. Mr. WILKIE thought tho matter should ro- main as it was if Professor Noumayor was satis- fied. Lieutenant AMSINOK said,.that as faros ho waB informed, the King of Bavaria did not piy Professor Neumayer anything. Mr. O'SHANASSY stated that it was by looking over the papers of Professor Neumayor that ho ascertained that that gentleman was piid by tho King of Bavaria. The amendment was put, and the Committoe dividod with tho following result ¡ Ayes. 6 Noes. 38 Majority against the amondment 32 The original motion was carried. ZOOLOaiOAL AND BOTANIC'OAKDENS. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that' the sum of £6,000 be voted as follows : Government botanist and director, with quar- ters, £600. Assistant, £300. Curator, £300. Wages of gardeners, labourers, collectors, &o.;, £4,800. Mr." FIREBRACE called attention to the frequent complaints which had been made to charges being levied at the entrance of the Botanic Gardens, on occasions when there were horticultural exhibitions, or fetes for charitable purposes. He wished to know what the opinion of the Government was upon that subject. Mr. NICHOLSON thought there was no harm in closing the gardens for charitable purposes or for horticultural shows. A suggestion had been made by tlhe Horticultural Society that the Go- vernment should erect a permanent building in the gardens for the purpose of shows, so that only those persons who visited the show would be called upon to pay; but the subject had yet to be considered by the Government, Mr. CARPENTER called attention to the necessity of having botanic gardens established on the principal gold-fields. '" Mr, MOLLISON, wiib. regard to, tho remarks which, had fallen from tho lion, member Mr. lirebrace, said, that on one occasion ho hod had lo puy 3s. for his admission to'.tho Zoological Reservo, during the thrco days that the reserve was used by a society for tho.performanco of various {.ports, as ho was not dressed in an equivocal sort of cestume. (Laughter.) Ho could not understand why the Government should allow any aocioty to chargo perso us for going into a public domain. Mr. O'SHANASSY stated that, although he HhBrrii Lill vas not dressed in an equivocal T.". t had not been chargedI to?«?^h lut a chargo was mado totl,!i!0% ÄrPÄt,iorMe"ofcÄte Mr. BROOKE thought that . ornamentation should _e re_Z, ,rc's '«, ' ni dens j in fact, at present ?lí i]>lh o'fniii.dof tliose' trees whicllEctl,i'«l c .o adorn tho streets and rc«r«""««nn n.intion that tho Horticultura TA "« will off and eked out 03^1 T meney they received at ffiL ,?!i«l|L Gardens and ho thought tlAÏ h! W'c io complain of the charges rL,l ^«..«l the Horlieultural Society had ,t wa^ " lho country. c'y nM«oii5i0^ Dr. EVANS stated that ho l,i ,' .applied to Dr. Mueller forvoL, S roy-squaro, but ho always ffi^ lould only have blue gum tree. "V°H in Fitzroy Gardens at presenu'eSl^1 i nursery garden. Heimrl mTr "W to Mr. n/dpkin^Aad'nS^ of ground Si tho Survey pÄS ? forest trees. y M(lock ht M Mr. M'LELLAN stated tim*«. ».Hin -ccietyhad not charged thofâW#n tered the domain.hut only Ö» trace reserved. Ile thought tho'?* should be charged for the us. o ÎS« Mr DON thought that no m,lï use of public domains crnutcil W'l although a Seotehman^ho ä'lbJ opposed to tho Caledonian SoS te 1 tne use of the Zoological Besenolor ia The question was then put nnupj NATIONAL MUSEUM Mr. M'CULLOCH moved tw n £040 be voted for salaries in eon_!_.'_? "" Natienal|Musoum. nneetllt Mr.. BROOKE suggested that _»,,? A graphic drawings should be ZtS impels of mining machinery ia,W' ho sent up the country, there be¡"7.'Í? er of persons .interested in tho 2 had no opportunity of iiispectm,t|ieiw Mr. VERDON supported Hu ,w > 1 e understood that Professor "l'A Ifh illustrated catalogues and others, tfiry for a proper appreciation of ti ti Museum if a Bum of ¿SOO wero mSi purpose. è m'n Mr. NICHOLSON said this ,lepta tho Geological Department, suffireïïWr want of moans of publication, but at 1 the Estimates, tho requisito sum for H.ji TI could not be voted. 'Pgiad Mr. O'SHANASSY suggested lh.ii surer should meet this difficulty bj ii» st m for contingencies for tho mlita fcrrcd to. The vote was then agreed to. THE BOARD Ol' A_niCn_rr;_, Mr. M'CULLOCH moved tint Ile«. £13,510 bo voted in aid of tho Board of M ture. H.T,i Mr. BROOKE expressed his _r_t_firC!i the Model Farm was now placed updertyH ul Irol of the Board of Agriculture, H"u Mr. CARPENTER thought tho aM^' on a Model Farm was a wnsto ol |^ money. Mt M "That l!ai__l OR The vote was then agreed to. GEELONG BOTANIC GARDENS Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that the ??? £2,000 be voted for Geelong Botanic Gardens The item was agreed to. RESOURCES OF VICTOItlA. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that them J ho voted as premiums for essnjs on À other subjects connected with tho devek; the resources of Viotoria. Mr. DON moved that tho Herat Ho believed if essays wore written ra tal jects, they would bo handed ovcrtottaM professor to adjudicate upon, wliofci| nothing about the matter. Mr. WOODS would support Uti believing that scientific essays had lsir| tive of great benefits. The amendment was negatived, i was agreed to. EXPLORATION. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that !bJ £6,CO0 bo voted for tho purposesiq tion. Mr. SNODGRASS inquired whcUufJ vernment were under any engagemäi| o her colonial Governments in res i ation. Mr. NICHOLSON said tho cxpntal be undertaken by this colony alone. ' been a correspondence on tlio sublet Governments of New South Wales is A ustralia, but tho views of tho fomj n ent wero limited to the offering of ir í ECO to any one who would uudetUbi rf exploration. (The Chief Secrctu/r W( re almost inaudible in tho gallerem of sovoral conversations beingcamw»! members at tho same moment.) Mr. KEEPER would opposo the citij thought tho amount would be belina roads and bridges. The question was put, and passed. FKEE LIBRARIES. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved thal lid £2,000 be voted in aid of tho purcluil lor free libraries, which aro ormaybesíF in the interior during 1860 ; RrontstoW equal propoition to sums collected ljf| subscriptions or local rates ; no granite £300 to be paid to any ono library. In reply to a question from Mr, ( Mr. M'OULLOOII said tho Govereall ii illing to entertain a suggestion mill Ion. member! that the vote shouldt*cT connection with that granted to M Library, as it would bo aavisablollultliy in the country districts should be sdilil distributed by tho trustees of therS| brary. Mr. O'SHANASSY, in nccordanteri|»|i" < suggestion, would alter the motion, teilta thus-" That £2,000 be granted in MM chase of books for free libraries, tobcfcfB by the trustees of the Public Librar)." Mr. PRENDERGAST thought it nflui better to leavo the purchnso of IbibfT thoso who'would havo toread thcmjiiitil funds to the municipal institutions ibÄai '._ the country, or to the trustees of Ibe tap ries wliorovcr they wore cstablishid i] samo time thoy might bo accommodifeJ' linn of books from the PublicLibnrjii ii ero were duplicates of thoso works. ¡omi lign Mr. BROOKE suggested tlio addition 'words or mechanics' institutions. H5"! Mr. HARRISON objected to Iheptei Ui .and was not an advocate for circulitinjEÄ^ u He objected also to the proposed «*?[, iV Iraying tho expenso of such librariespW., ñr local rates, whilo the citizens of HewA no taxes to pay for a similar pnr«r^ moved that the item bo withdraw, «ilk"] incrcaso it. Mr. M'LELLAN was opposed to lb of expending the money set forth in tie e and supported the motion of thohon.nfoafc] Geelong, that thoitom bo withdrawn. », . Mr. WOODS thought tho pnreliaserfjftuut would bo much botter effected bj tho W»'' the Melbourne Library. Jil Mr. MICHIE could not conccinw (?'»'" moie calculated to destroy a »»W*»-' Libinry than that which lind just » pounded by somo hon. members, ¡w found that from the outljmg oisttic« tions would pour into the trustee! of w Iiibiary for books of ovory kind, »»«""V, when thoy returned would hardly le «??;,,? He would voto for tho item as it ««"?". Estimates. (Hoar.) xttc Mr. RUSSELL thought the i* books by tho proposed circulating ¡J* be to great as to do awaywi h tie J« that would otherwise be gained. l"elI¿Hth Dr. EVANS urged that tlio dig bcoks uponeo largo ascalo throughout!»* .would prevent the accumulation, to «W able extent, of those popular w* *»» form tho basis of a nationalcenlrallM proposition to expend £2,000 in ho gj worîts of general utility aPPeored.'053 able, and, ns ho thought, quite «^ realise the advantages sought for in J«", country districts. . Mr. O'SHANASSY contended!Wg try districts would bo Çef'WA ' experience the trustees of the J!*^ Library would bring to bear upon Mr.'BROOKE objected to the IrjWj Tublio Library being the »'«WJj. as many provincial libraries had Wfom established, and duplicate W«*¿T obtained. Tho people inLTU"^AÍ! bi st judges of the kmd of books the/ «J Mr. KEEPER objected to the o«g . of the agency of the Public Library ti*» Mr. BAILEY objected to any«, tcims of the vote. He M'e,lft> tors of provincial libraries vo»M Pfc fgency of tbo Public Library tr»e«, linke provincial libraries »»«"L Melbourne, by aperignnatmg hMj ciple which'ho entireïy disapprovedou Mr. O'SHANASSY Vbm&?täMulti M t gested w ould prevent a great deal rig^ ( i.inciig the country towns. I Mi. SNODGRASS thought tbnUn^ IHubj d'u I iii re aira his mai 11101: ¡turn Ithe ¡timt Irem [heai feel girl' cle\ ¡«iel won elim cenl iel ,'thrc land tnoi sha land . _ihu ,|,nHliiu |r"__ »hat froe public libraries'existod in any"! fc place in tho colony beside, Melbourne a j ¡JK deal of Mr. Bailey's arguments fell to. flu "¿?Mr HARRISON would vote for the original ' H__L,»nc»ion in preference to tho amendment, fcr ho co",tinded, vvould have,tho effect of lit " ,,«ïi'ng the independence of tho country town j. ki TheCnAIRMANthenputtiio question-"that | "t ne tmd 'freo,'which was proposed to bj. if" omitted, stand palt of the motion." j ¿! The amendment was carriod. I H The next amendment to bo put was-" That all ' 'Í ,|.o words after the word ' Libraries' be omittil, , I»! th a vic« to insert the followjnet In the ia- j i£¡ "nor by tho tiustees of the Melbourne Pubho ''flic CHAIRMAN put tho question-"That tho | W «ords proposed to bo omitted stand part of t!u , i|, .ustión." ! \ Theliousodividod,withtliefollowingresult: k Aves .20 g Noes.^ I *'i Majority against the amondmont 7 ¡ *': Mr. O'SHANASSY moved that tho Chairman, j 11 oit ni ogress. I The House du ided on Mr. O'Slianassy's motion, I itli,thc follonirg result :- | Ajes . 13 | Noes .^0 i MnjJiity against thonmendmont 7 5 Sir. M'LBLLAN then mot ed an amendment, y which the îcsolution was to ineludo the words to be expended by local bodies." On the question being put, this amendment . ¡, iiegatiicd uitliout a division. Ah. PRWdR thought that the £2,000 would to' soon b« allon ed up, that tho moiety each .uiincnl town would recoil o, would bo too smalt ol' unilli haling. A '.'lort discussion onsued,, during which. turd .iincudinoiits wero suggested; eventually "\'r. FRAZER moved nn amondmont, to tho ikct tli.it an addition be made to tho resolution, ending that nn address bo presented to His ¡]\ctlliiicy tho Goi oi nor, pr.ajing that the sum of ¿2,000 might bo placed on tho Estimates in Kchlitioii to the sum pioviously mentioned. m Some diboussiou ensued is to whether the tvfic-n mullion \MS in ordci m moving that an '"ikhreirt be piccutcd to Ills Excellency nskin? um foi i s un of money to niciooso an amount of none} already lot d The House being in Com nittce, tlio Chairman, by desno of the Committoo, iferre I the point to tho lion the Speaker. Tho faPn VIvTH stated that tho Committoo Iii Ino power lo lecept tho addition proposed. [twos llii. pnetiee in tho Impon li Parlinmonb hat no niciiibor of a Comnntteo could add the ords " that an aikhess bo presented asking for turn of money to increase an amount already o ed i. voto could not bo withdrawn poitpined, but if the Committoo wero do 101 s to mcieaso a loto, the eonrso adopted waa Hfor the Omumttco to express nu opinion to that iffect Thf CilAIRMV\ reported tho ruling of fio Bpnltci 11 the Committee , JH Ipin the motion of the lion member Mr. ^Hlllll l¿,the lloiiio lesumcdjttudtheChairmin TH rt d progiosi MINIMI rmrNErtsiiiFS BILL. Hie se omi loading of this Bill was postpone rtil Ti« nlay no\t IUTORTS In nur to somo questions standing in the _¡anio of the bon member Mr Mollison, as to ^|lietlici S jmoiir oi Pillarook would be the best ne fui i tu id, Mi SERVI CL stated that some n e iBo tho sun ej oi s had reported to the Ro id loaulthit Se) nuui was tho host line for the igjBn 1 lo bo mado and that smco thon tho Board ¡¿?blind no io ison to al tei their decision Mr. ^?"icn co al=o stated that the report of the In 'ictoi General relativo to the sito selected for e Lnd,o at Heilelborg was hud on the tabli the House ^Q IIULtlUr MECHANICS IkSTITUTE. Hie motion standing m the name of tho Inn. miller Mi 11 un Ti aj, that an address be pie ?ntcil ti His L\eelloncy tho Governor asleii¿ m to i ne the MIHI of £500 to bo placed upiS e l.sli 11 es foi I8G0 towards the orection of n. celia nc-> Institute nt Ballarat, was postponed util I huiiihy, the 2oth Januat] ifl'ilie lion Ü adjourned at 1 o'clock until Tujs i JB'-'' nesl'llt ^ ° elock. A 1 \"-iHON mi i. WLDDIMJ IN NLW YORK - '.. A o Y«¿ It diana of October 14 contains f 1 mt, disruptionof a wedding -"Social DI siiiuiij, nitciest abound in New Yore io ci 1 ] m oient upon which tho undivided ;te mu i of fciniiiuio Now Yoik had long bjoi »iienti ited, took pi ice. It w is the marriarj ¡lcmoiiyof Miss Pi inces Amelia Bin tlett with ion Lsltom binti Cruz do Ouedo Tho pa is 1 * fivomablo foi obsciiation wore radiait c <,icctiuit countenances, and glittering with iu "loues of lace, silk, jewels, and dozrlin; [loildcb Just behind ctondecl the humbler cn ¿ens of the uei^hbouihood It was pleas j,ai i i^nisi'ln, iacifulnnn¿lin¿of tho anstocrv / ¡til Jie dcmuci icy At 11 o clock, when tho ..in sent foi th its melodious wolcome, t'u i o i 1 w is e\icss» o Hustling masses of humanity ntlicil in iiniioui motion Who could with ' i I t' i c biib lumg influences of youth aa I . nty, ( f glowing tinongs, and mollow titinos ii ii cr (tubing gems, ami sumptuous circuin ' ? s "Liicially I feonio Indies could not, it I, tot, yielding to the p"t¿8uia, they first b3 c1 th n finotiiicd skiits, then murmuiol te ' , II eoheieiit appeals foi aid, then fai ltoJ, [nd i ere hoi no out in collapso by stalw ai t pohe> iuii 1 ut still the multitudo oxpanded. 'Pu3ii x it'al bioiu iveie knitted with ire, cno3 oï mt, î^li «etc omitted, and masculine remon- tra es ponied out with mun orrupted real, all \t co irsj without avail. The oxeitoment tv u noi nous A fow Indies lost their bonnets, a 11 ii i j los* thou hoads, and bcoamo tremuloai SB'"'1 ii nchcn ion And so it continued until 12 T ! Just at this hour a gentleman appe.no I the Hu, mid waved a red handkciohiof t J " iiust, who inst nilly diverged into a sjnD wB0 t uiiiiplmiitrtiain A momont of breathlon »?tu ,K i c, anil tho weddin» paityonteied. Via »iBai ic DJII Esteban and Miss Bartlett. Six; H,ioi ii n and six bridesmaids followed. Lal raHTniio the puents of tho bride After a mi bHncits pauso Aiehbishop Hughes appoaroJ, itiHu iud, mippoited by two priestly assistants, isHtu i the party 'Pho appearanoo of the «Hil ide w is pioiiouncod to bo luioxceptionably ¡i«haiiiii0 Hit fan blonde shone souiewhi* nHiioi luminously by contiast with tho nu« iloHombi L comploiion of Don Esteban 'Pall a 11 Billillie I, though joung-hor moin indicatos l8 "Hyeai she boio hor blushing honours well. Her , HDirir is nicathcd with orango flowers Hoi Jjh S \ is exotic-of Parisian point lace , but he" ' feB'" e (noel lacp, bracelet, blooob, earlings) III IMMI tnc nmnifiietuio it pioeeeded fiom Tit _Jt ij, was of inst value, and desoives a bnof do "Buiption Tho necklace, i broad festoon of p ir J "Wattan K uf pn ils, met in a nbbon of brillm.* JjBur c I as a love knot, from nInch depende 1 i Hpici hapedparlof gi oat sizo, and, no clou D' Hiret Iho bncelot was hkowiso a quadra ita "?baili of penis, but con/ined witlun tvj '..roi s of liainoiidj The eaunys wero con Itl t diitnonds and penis flic biooch wu ¡foi ntd uf diamonds unalloyed by baser jew.li, 11 t p ertlly diitinguished by a superior ' bru t e di nond, a btono of pocuhai shape and cu li i innes of tho full dressed malo of til. lim i 11 peores is aliko on all occasions. It ii li>l I i ith no vauely Thorofoio it is only Incus ?>!, to siy of Don Estaban-who is som) lu 1 i lioitci tlinn tho lady, daikislily dispose 1 iii. mttci of completion, with heivy ha f i 1 11 iel«, wliibkors andmotutache tomato., i istilnn lue in his doop set oye confirming g uto eil neatness of Ins eoiintonance, ant I i n appiuii \j about liftj Ino years old - hu was elc_intly dressed in black, wit'i i h einutoidcicd it hito waistcoat anl t diiphijmg for ornament only a solt j li imond haast p n of excessive dimcn iii tint ho uudeincnt with eompoju-j uidtil of in poetion to which ho w is ImiVetul Tho bri ksmaids, Misais West, Stn « li ilii. Howland, Bartlett, and Izqundo, wa j niíciín «hilo dresits, two pure and aunpl«*, jt\ o deeked with ciunson tulmulnga, and twj ?with blue Don Ejteban, on giving a ball at th J j t Mchohi, some time ago, most courteous'y Iel ici. ed tho li urdicssoi of that establishment ti ? uranno tho hin of eiory lady m the houso aï Iii s e\\])ciiso During tho performance of tin Inniriatoeeiemony, tho assombla0'0 of spectator, In oinentlrily calm at tho openu _, fell hack into ?tumult flio confusion and clamour deadonol Ithe wund of the Archbishops voice. Soma Itimcs encs of * Down front/ and othor Irennrks not pertinent to the occasion woo Iheard Mon strained on tip-too to catch tlu ?feeblest ejnnpso of tho absorbing scone. Younj Itirls uiuounied intentions of fainting, uatil Ic-leiated to commanding points of view, whon itheu faculties nore miraculously restored. Somi I »owen, indeed, with unlooked foi spnphthn03s, Iclimbcd into lofty windows, and gazed compla Icently on tho less aguo ones below. Othois IPerchcd in 1 balanced. themBolvos lnsecuroly on lui _ n3,"> swnyng dangerously with oach, jj i omotlou 'hat pervaded them. But amid, a«and notwithstanding all this turbulence, the ooro T«>nv did procoed, and end, Lieutenant Bartlett I «wding tears the whdo Then the brido turned, I ami, standing m full view of the assomblago; hor | tiiuks flushed withexcitoinoiit,hor eyes d-if-sini* II 'IUHI lustre, showered kisses among her bridos I ,r»»'s Iftcr that the party retired by a private I«"r, i d "encrai dossicatioii followed." 