MR.' TE RUDDLES', TALE. | ' Down, in Link'sJ Hollow, trkare the gibbet was?' . U . . ; ? ? ' Aye.' „ ' A ugly place ar itl a ugly night. I would'nt go-' !i ' It won't he the /! 'first .time that gibbet kept him here,' said tha -'landlord betwaau the whiffs of his pipe, 'aa his, wife could tell. Ever hear about it, Sir . i' .' No,' said tho piimple-faced man, who was a stranger. v ' . ' Come, sit down,. Traddles, and tell it. Mr.. Traddles loi jit ed at the ^fire and at the window : he cast ari ?' upward elan'ce at the shining brasses on the shelf; a corner of his eye, took m the preparations foe -; supper which were going on quietly ; a pewter if leasure threw an affectionate twinkle at him, will cli said ' Stay the stout old arms of the wooden! settle stretched themselves out in the rough but kil idly fashion, and said, 'Come, nonsense about gt ling — sit down and don t bother!' The sett) e finished it. Such beaming good humor there w. .is in its polished back— such an ' air. 'of recklefUs jollity in the way its arms were held out; and its feet, one kicking one 'way, one another ; ;; and- so shiny was its seat fioin much rubbing i of drab unmentionables and marvellously embt oidered smock frocks. It wasn't everywhere you could see such a settle as that; for the tnnri jh of civilisation and refine ment is against settles, and -, chimney corners, and hiffh mantles with, glittering brasses. Mr. Traddles. then sat down ooediently ; ho put out his k ne :es wide, wi Ih a hand resting on each of them; 'he looked up. amongst the liams and flitches for, '? inspiration, and tli') pimple-laced man proffered 'hi'.m a pipe, which he refused ; Iot Mr. Traddles couldn't -smoke, it gave him a tick ling sensation in; the throat, and if persevered in, produced a soi t .of blur before his visual organs, in which the 1 brasses were seen to make rapid circuits roun.i l ' the room, the fire- irons to conduct themselves in a very light manner, and even the arms of the settle to hit out with such violence against - rverything in general, as to give rise to the idea tB iat it was parting company in the middle, and gofn' ?* to pieces under him. Mr. Traddles ;- lid not say all titiis to the stranger, he merely remar! ked that smoking was a bad ha bit for young me nto get into, and shook his head with;a self-denia 1 very virtuous' under the circuin Stances^a^ ^dySi' began. Mr. Traddles, 'when there unaa good deal, doing on the road not that the trad te is quite done up yet, but its da maced ; things ore a little altered since Dick Tur pin didliis bit' of a 'step with Slack Bess^there was a farmer lived down yondei ? ' _ — with a jerk oi his thumb to wards the window — .'Link's H ollow?' -. . 'Aye; it \ yaa about the tim{- my mother, sent me — being a lad of genius, but, as she called it, poor soul, ' a Jack-of-all- trades, mas t.er-o' -none — away to learn farming, expecting I should have money left me — which I had, but that's neither here nor there, for it's gone, somehow, long ago. It's a curious thing now,' said the little man, looking into the fire, ' how that money did go ! It was n a bank, safe enough, as I thought ; I just drew a bit now and a bit then , thinking^ to make it up by- and-bye ; and one morning, going to ask for a small sum — a mere triPle — they said it was all gone. I don't wi»h to wrong anybody, but it was curious, you know !' ' But the gibbet,' 'said the pirapXe-faced man, impatiently. ' What abeut that : ' 'Well, 'the farmer was well to do; had no chick nor child, and plenty of money ; a rich man, so to speak. lie used to go, like other farmers, to ? market, to sell his grain and get the money for it ; and it was a lonely ride enough between there and Link's Hollow, but he was a bold man, and it didn't trouble him. He had been to market as usual, and had received money. He had it about him, bank notes and sovereigns, tied up in. a. brown-holhind bagj which looked all the richer because it was dirty. He took his grog well, and gave it freely to the man who had maid him, as he always did, for he was ^open handed enough. There was a stranger sitting in the same loom, but his back was turned, and he seemed to be just minding his own business and taking no notice of any one, till* all at once, the farmer felt a sort of spell on him to look up. He did so, and saw the stranger's eye fastened on the bag, which he had just tied up. ' ' Your health,' says the farmer, looking at him, and taking a pull at his grog. t ' 1 Same to you', says he, laughing. ' It s to be hoped you carry arms, if you mean to ride far with that sort of thing at this time of night.' ' 'Arms,' says the farmer. ' Aye, and fists at the end of 'em. ' He doubled his fists as he spoke, and the man laughing 'again, wished him a pleasant ride, and went away. . „ ' The farmer mounted his horBe and rode on. He had ten good miles before him, ..and most on 'em across a common, with no house near, not even a cottage. lie looked about as he left be* hind him the last house he 'should see till h» reached his own, and then set off at a trot, wh'.st ling as he went. He had often done the same thing before ; he had often ridden home late, with n* much monev in his pocket, and ho had no fear now. Very soon he heard the ring of hoof's on the hard road behind him. He quickened his pace a bit, but not enough, for, before he was aware, a horse was stretching neck-for-nock with his, anil a blow from some weapon s.taggered him ki his seat. ' . ' ' Aye, aye,' says the farmer, 'attienng up the reins, and rising in his stirrups, lor the moon had shone right across the robber's facia, and he knew him again. ' Arms, is it ? Aye, a.nd fists at the end of 'em. Your health, my friend !' 'Hitting out, and spurring his horse, ofT he started, and ' mv friend ' after him. The robber had a tough nag but the farmer's was the fleetest, if she could only hold her puce long enough. On they went, the spirits flying up from the hard roau after them. A neckor nothing race it was, but the farmer gained on his friend fast. He was just beginning to draw a comfortable breath, and think about, home, when a sharp whistle came from behindhand another horseman sprang into the road vi^ht before him. lie wasn't going to give it up even:. then ; they grappled together for a minute, and ttae i and capering of horses' feet mingled^, with their heavy breathing. It was but for a mciute ; tlie J farmer frot his bridle free, doubled suddenly, and sending his riding-stick at his assailant, as a last fond remembrance, he made for n Jovr fence, cleared it, and got in front ugnui. they were both after him, however, at n. spank ing galop. He dug his spurs into the mare, and she spun along like the wind with him, -.all pair ing and stiff as he was, for lie had got soma blows, too. And now, getting near his own house where he could see the smoke curhng^up ft omthc chimney, and knew his wife was sitting there waiting for him, and keeping up the fire f or him — the marc's foot caught against *. stone See what little things turn the balance ; it was but a moment or so lost, but it was that too mud ti. He was seized, pinioned, and his pockets rifiei 1. fie never spoke, neTer asked for mercy, t mt he struggled hard, and the robbers had n( i _e;Lsy task to keep him fast while thgy searche, i him. They took liis money, and one ot them,) witli a curse, struck a heavy blow on the mare a - reek ing flank that made her spring off agaij n like mad, while the other— perhaps his bad bloq d was up at the fai mer's hard fighting, drawing, some thing from his bosom, steadied his hand a a linutc, took aim, and the farmer tumbled from Ins! horse, 1,'1,-p a rook out of a branch. ' That was in s. ight ot his own door.' _ ? 'Was he dead 5' , ' ' ' ' He lived long enough to toll it, and to swear to the man who stopped him first. The otr ler got off.' ' He did die, then:' , i i f « 'He did. His wife took on horribly ; shut herself up, and never spoke a word to anj -body, making no sound but a moaning, which ke pt on all day and all night, asleep and awake. J U last she took a fancy to go rambling about the house at night, like a moaning ghost, up-stiu rs anil down stairs, along the passages, m and out ot I every room but the one he had lam m ; ar. id one nirrht she hud tried that too. Perhaps she heard the strange creaking outside, or perhaps . some spirit was hi her dragging her on ; she mui it ha\ e pulled up the blind and looked out, ho were r, and, in the tree within a few yards of her, sw. ''S'ug backwards and forwards in the wind— we know what the moon was shining on, and she mus t hare seen It. There came from tluit room a sline k that run' through the house and startled ever ybody out of then- beds to see what was the matte; r. But they could only guess— she never told. , ' You don't mean to say— J ion, « - at o ri i' Q.nid the little man, shaking his I lead— 'Humph !' said the pimple-faced stran ger— ' robbed in sight of his own door! that « mnds ra'lTlmtmanl' said Mr. Traddles, strikinj g his drab knees emphatically, ' was my unci e. . J. was at his house when it happened, lhaj ; hor rible thing in the gibbet , swung there, crcj iking, in sight of the house, cro wds of people com ing to see it every day— swarms of people. Alte r that night they took it down, but it was too. late to Sa'eAnVthat gibbet,' said the landlord, t halting the ashes out' of his pipesolemnly.'wast he last gibbet as ever I see, and I don t caie it J - never see another, nor hear on it. 1 ass the gl o.. Welcome Guest. ' ; A Y'okkshibh Eleotiox Fifty -Ye-um S3 i*™ The election for the county of York, . m 1807, lasted fifteen days, and cost the three car -didates half a million of money! The expenses of Mi. AVilherforce, the philanthropist, who stooi | ^ the head of the poll, were defrayed by pub lie -ub scription. and those of Lord , Milton, (aft. ™dv Earl Fitz William) created an annual olu irge ol £17 OOo on ,his estate. The unsuccessful candi date the Hon. II. Lascelles, a son of the1 Earl of Hurewood, and a torv, spent even more tn an that. I SSU inay j udge ho w hard' the work n'.ust hu.ve been whrni I tell you that upwards of 23, Ot 10 ^otes wore recorded, and that 120 horses weff. J found dead upon tho roads during the polling . l\v thousand electors a day came into York c.i t) , and provisions that would have lasted- its for twelve months were consumed 1» a l ° rt.^b° y Another famous election was that ot bimcwsuury in the year 1797. It. was contested betu'cen the late Loyrd Berwick and Sir llichard ; HilV ot Hawkston — their brothers being the candidates. It cost them more than , ilOO.OOO-all ,spent .in bribery and corruption of one kind or ait othei. °T western' editor says:-' Wood, chips, coke, coal corn-cobs, feathers, rosin, sawdustt, shav ing splinters, dry leaves, old rags, ten ce-ra.ls, barn-doors, flints, or ^ 0%ce°' strike fire, taken on subscription at this* olhce. The Mississippi Legislature has pM8«;d i law divorcing all married persons wiunu wu. that state Who live apart for tbe pmod t- years. ' Distressed hearts will now ta ne me load leading to Mississippi. . in flame. A pious young man-visiting a prison, m .Maine, inouhed ^ of some ot the prisoners the «mse of their being in such a plaee A small girl's|nswe was, that she stole a saw mill, and went bacu alter the nond. and was arrested. . . .. . Night brings out stars, as sorrow^ shpws us truth. 