ENGLISH NEWS. The GnEAT Robbery of Jewels. — Emily Lau rence nnd Jnmes Pearee were recently convicted at tbo Central Court of stealing jewels to a very largo amount in value from Alessrs Hunt and Roskell and Mr Em manuel. Some particulars that have transpired relating to the prisoners nre not uninteresting. It seams that they were connected with other persons, male and fe male, and that they formed a little ' society ' whoso sole uiJiHuuuus LunaisLcu m piuuueriug jcivcuci o cuupa iu this country and Paris. They were always very ele gantly dressed, and, although both these prisoners were known to the police ns thieves for a long period, and to be of very low origin, it is stnted by those who have coine in contact with tho prisoner Emily Laurence that, to use their own expression, she could dress and ' come the lady ' in a mnnner thnt prevented suspicion. Tho whole attention of this hand of innrauders appears for a consi derable time to have bsen directed solely to one particu lar branch of the ' profession,' and the prisoner Pearee, who it appenrs was originally connected withe the jewel lery trade, and who is stated to ho a good judge of pre cious stones, was enabled to givo valuable information to his confederates as to tlie most valuable articles to bo abstracted, and most of the actual robberies appenr to have been committed by the women of the party. Upon one occasion last autumn, the prisoners and a male mem her of their fraternity, went to the shop of M. Fontnno, an eminent jeweller in tbe Palais Royal, and asked to look at some opera glasses, and eventually the prisoner Pearee purchased one for 20 f. He then requested tbe shopman to provide a case of a particular description for the gloss, and while he was thus attracting his attention, the woman Laurence contrived to empty a cose of loose diamonds, the value of which was estimated at nearly £10,000. The prisoners immediately left Paris, but their companion was not so fortunate, as be was arrested shortly afterwards and convicted of the robbery, and sentenced to ten years' ' travaux forces.' It will appear surprising how the prisoners contrived to get rid of such large quantities oi valuables, hut the course they adopted wos to unset all the precious stones from the mountings, and have them reset in totally different articles, eon- verting bracelets into rings, etc., and thus effectually destroying the identity. Immediately on the arrival of the party in England they resumed their operations, and in less tlinn two months they stole jewellery to the amount ol over £3000 from Alessrs Hunt and Roskell and Mr Emmanuel, and in ueiiher cose lms any portion of the stolen property been recovered, with the excep tion of one small emerald. commercial frauds. In a memorial recently addressed to tho Board of Trade (and published in the Money Mnrhet Review ot June 9), Air W. F. Spaekman, juu., furnishes the iol- lowiug recapitulation of the losses — amounting to an aggregate ot nearly four millions sterling — which have been sustained during the last three or four years, through the inadequate system of audit of the accounts of public companies :— Tlie KOyal British Bank. — Stopped payment in 1856. The failure was caused uv making advances to directors and others on improper and insufficient securities. Ca pital, 290,000? ; deposits. 540,009; on which 15s in the pound had been returned ; deficiency, 5s in the pound, 135, liOO ; total, 335,000?. The Tipperary Baulc.— Failure caused by tbe frauds of Sadleir. Accounts were wilfully falsified. Capital, .00,0 10 ; deposits, 700,900; total, 1,200,000?. I believe the whole has been tost. Tbe London and Eastern Bank. — In this case the no torious Colonel Wough appropriated to himself an ainouut equal to the whole paid-up capital of tbe bank, and lias sines absconded and set bis creditors at defiance. Tbe loss exceeds 250,00 I. The Western Bank of Scotland. — Capital paid up, 1,500,000, deposits, 6,000,000? ; total, 7,500,000?. Every effort has been made to preveut a complete exposure of the affairs of this bank. I do not know it nay return has been made to the depositors. At the lowest estimate the entire paid-up capital bos been lost— 1,500,000?. Tbe Crystal Pulace Company. — The frauds of Robson, committed by tampering with tlie transfer books, en tailed a loss of 100,000?. The Great Northern Railway Company. — Redpatli's frauds, committed in a similar manner to Robson's. The auditors here were greatly at fault, as I understand that dividends were paid on a larger amount of stock than had been Issued. Loss, 250,000?. The Union Bank of Loudon.— The frauds just disco vered, committed by the head cashier, William George Pulliuger, by means of a fictitious pass-book, represant- ing the account between the Union Bank and the Bank of England. The frauds are said to have extended over a period of five years, and, with a proper cheek in the audit, ought to have been detected in the first balf-venr. Loss, 263,070?. Total losses to tbe public, £3,898,070. Rich Swindlers.— Colossnl palaces of merchandise with a thousand windows will still tower over the manor housetops ; will still be nothiog more than the busy hives where capital is stored, to yield the greatest pos sible per centage, by men who only attend about twelve times a year to be presented with trading results. These palaces of trade — unscrupulous profitable trade— will still be divided into a hundred departments, under a hundred separate managers or partners, whose only inte rest is to return the largest amount of profit on the capital entrusted to them at tbe beginning of the year. To bu/ by any means in the cheapest market, and to sell by any means in the dearest market, is all they have to do to secure themselves money, independence, and even re-pect. The fraudulent bankrupt whu couteihplntes a midnight transformation of his stock-in-trade into n certain sum of portable cosh, without the annoyance oi being asked any troublesome questions, is never at a loss to find a ready midnight buyer in the person of ooe of these departmental chiefs. The tottering debtor who has obtained nn extensive credit in one of these departments, bos only to hint his difficulties to the energetic manager, to be at once sustained with such glow.ng " references," that his liabilities will soon be transferred into the ac count hooks of a rival fir n. While the second creditor suffers, the first creditor gets paid ; and this, in some city circles, is mildly spoken of as " getting out." The banker who writes upon purity of banking, will gather in bills far discount bearing tbe most leprous nnmes, providing there is one name, either on the front or back, thnt is reputed to be a solvent guarantee. He cares little what rotten speculative trading may be fostered by the facilities be afiords; be is not in business as the pre server of mercantile morality, and bos only to make his profits in tho usual average wny. He bos little more than the affected horror even of forged documents, until they are iett unpaid in his cash-box, and then he is loud in his abuse of the edged tools, in playing with which he has cut his hands.— <4?? the Year Ronnd. Our Defences. — The public needed no ghost to tell it what A direful calamity would be the occupation of London by an invading enemy. And Lord Overstone is not riahcr than any other man of common sense and experience in his knowledge upon this subject. He says what all say, it must not be.' He places the first line of defence in the channel, and supposing any s-rlous re verse to happen there, then the next line must be taken up foot to foot with the enemy There are, indeed, three lines; first, the fleet; secondly, opposition to a landing; thirdly, if that great difficulty be surmounted, our armies covering Loudon, nnd contesting every inch of ground, with the ndvnntnge of knowledge of the country and the command of all I's resources, while the enemy would remain with only the ex austlble supplies he had brought with him Let us suppose, for a moment, that our first defence failed, our fleet being wor-ted in an engagement. Even this improbable event could nut occur without much loss to the enemy j for his tran- Eorts could not escape much damage or destruction, and is disposable force would be at least considerably dimin ished. But there may be no battle at sea, it may be sug gested, nud the enemy's fleet mny give ours tho slip, and come upon our coast unobserved. Considering what the scale of sueli a fleet must be, and the narrowness of th waters their vessels would cover, it is hardly possible to suppose that so huge nn nrinnda could escape our fleets, but even in tlmt event there would remain, in face of it, tbe immense difficulty of a landing either with or with out resistance. It is the fashion, we know, to make light of this difficulty, and to Buppose it easy to place men, baggage, artillery, ammunition, and horse sin boats, and run them ashore anywhere ; hut our officers who experience of the disembarkation in tbo Crimea In fine weather, without baggage and with lew horses, and un opposed hy tho enemy, will bear testimony to ihe im mense difficulty of the" operation In circumstances the' most favorable ; and far from certain, indeed, must have been the result in that instance, if the Russians had offered the resistance In their power, in which case the expedition, if it could have effected the landing, must have done sn at the cast of n loss seriously impairing its strength. But let us suppose this obstacle overcome; let us suppose the French lauding with ns much caso as passengers out ot packets, and carrying their horses and artillery and munitions of wnr ashore as lightly as If they were carpet bags: what next? Why withiu twenty- four hours nil the troops iu Great Britain, regular nnd irregular, would be assembled at any uolnt'piteiied upon ns n stand against the invaders. Our railways would enable us to concentrate all our forces in less than n day, aud to furnish them with all supplies in any position they mny oceuiy. This is the true fortification on which we linvo to place our depondeuce, tlie living lines, the flesh and bloou bulwark of the war. With theonuse tliut would inspire such a force it is a wrong to our countrymen to conceive the possibility of defeat, but even iu tlmt disastrous event, and the uccuDStion of the capital, wo believe tliat tlie patrioiism and devotion of 'he country would rise equal to the emergency, and sparo no exertion, no snerlflee, for the rescue ot Loudon. md the expulsion of tlio invaders. — Examiner. In tho year,loo9, the desertions from tho navy weroas many as 2,338, if whom 10 wcro apprehended ; 712 of these deserters had received bounty to the amount of £4,571; 26 were Kroomen. 