THE KANGAROO HUNT; OR, A MORNING IN THE MOUNTAINS, BY CHARLES HARPUR. UNDER the grey dawning skies, Behold a knot of Hunters meet On the grassy swell of a gentle rise, All sprinkled about with saplings slim Or fringed with the wattle so golden and sweet, And backed by the Forest that, dreamy and dim, Looms out from the fog where it thinnest lies; And thrown from which the eye commands Clearings (a) and cultivated lands, With rude-wrought homesteads islanded, Or farther forth some new-built shed:— There a knot of Hunters meet! All unincumbered are their hands And fitly shod their feet; While furry caps their temples grace — The trophies of many a former chase. And there is the man of England, — fair His visage, and composed his air; And there is the sinewy Scot, with eye That calculates incessantly; The gayer son of Erin too Is found amongst that jolly crew, And now he jests, and now he sings, And loudest there his laughter rings: But with them most in number stand Men born and nurtured in the Land. 'Neath clustering locks, and swelling o'er Young faces, high their foreheads soar, So giving a command to eyes Clear-beaming and blue as their native skies. Taller and straighter than the rest, With lanker loins and looser thighs, And rounder in the up-held breast, Their air is full of youth zest, Their carriage, springing from the knees, Free and flowing as a breeze When, stooping from some mountain crest, It sweeps the open leas. And though none there bestride the steed, Each of that band with his feet of speed Those tangled tracks can freely thrid, Which steeds refuse like things forbid; O'er the wild creek swift passage find, Where, baffled, they should drop behind; Could clear the mountain's craggy brow, While coursers idly neighed below — Or span a rift that, yawning wide, Would scare down the storm of their wildest pride. At length the Band's complete — the hounds Are called; and — 'Forward ho!' upsounds Through the still echoey morning tide; And within the awakened forest, wide Doubling and redoubling, bounds; And up the mountain's hollow side, And down the stream's indented shore, 'Forward comrades — forward ho!' Echoes fainter, spreading so into a dull and broken roar. The house-dogs bark; the poultry tribe 2F Crowding up in a startled throng, From yard to yard send an alarm along That well the Settlement's (b) length describes: Till many a rood away The fog, as slowly it rolleth by, Heavily struts in masses grey Round those who were now but so nigh, Enshrouding them all from the following eye: (c) When entering soon the forest tall Thus to each other they merrily call: 'The bat and the owl, as ghosts troop to their graves To the oak-shaded swamps and the moss-hidden caves And the pitiless wild cat hath ceased to infest The tortive tea-tree, Where the wood pigeon buildeth her nest. (e) Uncovered no longer the forest dog prowls, Though so bold in the dark; And the kindyne (d) and bidawong (f) haste to their holes In the spouts of yon old ironbark; (g) While on its one bare blasted limb The gooburra (h) sits in the fog-wreath dim, Triumphing with ungainly glee In the march of the dayspring's victory, As fast its conquering strength invades The rear of night's retreating shades. (a.) That is pieces of land on which the timber has been felled and burned off, but which are not yet fenced in or cultivated — not yet made into paddocks. (b.) The term Settlement is here used in a very restricted sense. It is applied, in fact, to a small location having eight or ten farm houses within view of each other, but not standing regularly enough, nor sufficiently close together, to be denominated a village. (c.) A fog appearance such as here described is not of very frequent occurrence. I recollect to have witnessed only two or three such: a vast bank of vapour broken up and compressed as it were by a descending stir in the atmosphere, and then rolling off in heavy masses. And besides, I have described it in the text, not so much as it would appear to the hunters themselves, as to the following eye of an observer at some distance from them, in the clear. Fogs, in this country, generally disperse imperceptibly. (d). The wild pigeon called the bronze-wing, invariably builds its nest either in a tea-tree or in a native oak. The tea-tree, however, is the greater favourite with it, and only resorts to the latter kind of tree in localities that happen to be des- titute of the former. I cannot give any reason why this bird should prefer to breed in either the one or the other of these two kinds of tree, since they are apparently not a whit more commodious for the purpose than a multitude of others. But I can state it for a positive fact, that I have never yet seen a bronze-wing's nest (and I have seen some hundreds) in any othor than a tea-tree or an oak. I have sometimes thought that the preference of the bird might possibly be founded in the peculiarly mournful and cooing-like response which the wind draws from the foliage of both these kinds of tree. But then the wind-sound is deeper-toned, if not more continuous, in the oak than it is in the tea-tree; — a circumstance that in some degree militates against the above supposi- tion, inasmuch as the latter is, notwithstanding, the greater favorite with it for building in. (e). The kindyne is an aboriginal name of the small and beautiful kind of opossum commonly called, the 'ring-tailed' — so designated from the end of its tail being curiously adapted to clasp the smaller boughs of the trees, to which the animal thus securely ties itself while feeding upon the tender sprouts of such of the outer sprays as are too light of themselves for its support; and it suspends, and then swings itself from branch to branch, by the same means. (f). The bidawong is an aboriginal name of the animal which the Colonists have called the flying squirrel. I say an aboriginal name, because almost every tribe of blacks have a different set of names for our indigenous animals. The bidawong, like the kindyne, is a noctiragant animal, and less like the European beast after which it has been partly called by the early Colonists, than that circum- stance would import to persons unacquainted with its actual appearance. (g). 'The ironbark — a rude hard name, but apt, As being first given by those men who first Heaved the loud sounding axe with blistered hands, And swinkt at their compelled and weary toil Within the Australian forest.' M. S. POEM. (h). This bird is usually called the 'laughing jackass' — how tasteful and poetic! and sometimes the 'snake-killer,' because of its preying upon reptiles. In the early times of the colony it was pretty generally known also by the name of the 'settler's clock,' being thus called on account of the poorer sort of farmers (designated in the parlance of the period 'dungaree settlers,' from a cheap Indian cotton stuff usually worn by them) using to regulate the hour of arousing their assigned servants to labour by the laughter-like peals which it invariably utters just before and after daybreak. The following 'elegant extract' from a song that was popular amongst certain of the inhabitants of Windsor during the Author's boyhood, is humorously illustrative of this par- ticular. The song itself was a rather lugubrious description of the unpleasant surprises experienced by some newly arrived convict during the first week or so of his assignment. 'Next morning as I lay a-bed A thinking on my woe, I hears a something near the crib Begin to ha and hoo: By jabers! what is that! says, I, It gave such a shock! Why, laughing answered an old chum, That 'ere's the Settler's Clock. With that I peeps all through the slabs, And to my surprise did see, A most remarkable looking Bird A laughing on a tree! And at the same time twigged the cove His bed-room door unlock, Crying Up to work, you lazy hounds, For don't you hear the Clock? (To be continued.) 