THE MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-As one who takes a deep interest in the , welfare of the Melbourne Hospital, I beg to ask the earnest attention of the subscribers and general public to the controversy which has been going on for some time relative to the propriety of increasing the number of the present honorary, medical staff of the above institution. This pro-' posed naturally suggests the inquiry, what attendance the present honorary medical staff affords, as well as what may be the average amount of attendance required by the sick. I may observe, in limine, that in any remark': which I may make, I have solely in view the well-being of the patients themselves, and the j prosperity of the hospital, apart from the medial aspect of this question. The Melbourne Hospital has an honorary staff of eight medical officers, and contains over 323 beds, which will give each medicalofficer40 íntempatient to attend to daily, anumberwhich one side affirm to be too large for one practitioner to attend to personally (and. without requiring some other person to draw his attention to his patients) and efficiently every day and this opinion, more over, is corroborated by statistics, to prove that in all the hospitals founded of late years, the invariable practice has been to allot few patients to each medical officer, who, it is stated, will have sufficient occupation in looking after the welfare of some 20 patients daily, and will have more time to treat them individually, instead of collectively. It is also urged that each patient will, on an average, require five minutes daily to be devoted to his case, consequently upwards of -one hour and a half will be necessary for visiting and prescribing for 20 patients. On the other hand, it is asserted by a few members of the present honorary medical staff who are interested in maintaining the present; monopoly, that each patient will not require more than one minute, or even less, in fact, as one of the honorary staff stated pity there are not a few more like him he would merely require a glance J at the countenance, in order to enable him to prescribe for his patients. I firmly believe that., each patient will, on an average, require some ) five minutes daily to be devoted to the investigation of and prescribing for his complaint ; even admitting that some can be fairly attended to in less, others will require double the time to be devoted to their cases. The opponents of the proposal for augmenting the honorary medical staff continually refer to Guy's and Bartholomew's Hospitals as instances , where each medical officer has a large number of patients entrusted to his care, thus endeavouring to make those institutions, which are the oil' strongholds of monopoly and exclusiveness in the United Kingdom, models to be followed in a new country, instead of imitating the spirit of the newer and more liberally managed hospitals, , founded within the last 50 years, in which the reverse practice invariably obtains. The opponents of the proposed increase por sist in affirming that they (the honorary medical officers) devote sufficient time to the treatment of the present number of patients allotted to them, in opposition to some proved cases of gross neglect on their part, whereby life and limb have been jeopardised. It has recently been found indispensable to double the number of the salaried medical staff of this institution; and why ? Becausothopaidoffiears leave not only the care of all the patients between the visits of the honorary staff, as well as the reception and treatment of cases of emergency, till he arrival of the honorary medical officer, but I have, in addition, to do three-fourths of the work supposed to be done by the honorary staff, who, in consequence of having too many patients allotted to them, can only afford time (as graphic ? as described by one of themselves to glance at i bo countenances of the patients. I believe that had the honorary medical staff been doubled, there would have been no necessity for increas- ing the strength of the salaried medical officers, of the honorary staff would then have been able to attend properly to those under their care, and the institution would thus have been saved annually a considerable sum, and each patient, instead of being seen and prescribed for only once a week, or fortnight, or perhaps not at all, by his supposed medical attendant, would be fairly attended to daily, or every other day, a f required. To attend efficiently over 40 patients daily would occupy one medical officer at least three I ours-a period which, perhaps, no member of the honorary medical staff has over devoted to the 1 purpose. In most cr to a gross and uncalled for calumny upon the members of the medical profession in Melbourne, unconnected with the hospital, I uttered at a recent meeting of the subscriber? by a prominent and weighty member of the present 1 honorary staff, I can assure the subscribers that, they need have no fear should they decide to double the present number of the honorary Medical staff, that there will be any difficulty in obtaining the services of a sufficient number of s honourable and accomplished gentleman \- mong the Melbourne practitioners as any of those composing the present honorary medical staff. I may observe, that the chief opponents of the proposed increase are the same parties who some two years since strenuously opposed the then 1 proposed increase of the honorary staff and it was not their fault that they did not succeed in monopolizing some 320 intern patients arson' four of them. i ", Finally, I can see only two objections to an is, a mass of the staff one of which is, that the importance and prestige of the present income i cuts would be pro- tanto diminished thereby; the other, that the patients would have more i care and attention bestowed on their ailments, The public can decide whether these objections are favourable or otherwise to the proposed change. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, LATE AS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Mr. Gillbee, in his letter " to the Editor ' of The Argus" of the 1st of May, writes thus : " Dr. Mackenna, however, tells the world that a here was a rupture of the urethra and as the patient is described as having been just previously in good health, it is almost impossible to account for this rupture save by referring it] either to a ghost in not using the catheter in proper time, or to the unskilful use of that instrument." Just so. Poor Mr. G. B. told me on Monday, the 17th May (the day he dined with me that he had on that day called at the Melbourne Hospital, and had undergone an operation at that esta- , blishment. 1 I know nothing of Mr. Qillbee's having attended i Q. It. further than having seen his name on a card at the head of the bed as being the visiting surgeon in the case. I give such information as. hard possessed of in justice to Mr. Mackennal ( whose efforts in the noble cause of suffering humanity (advocated by him so much in that spirit of a Christian and a gentleman) I sincerely ' hope and trust may not be in vain. , I beg the favour of your giving insertion to the' letter in the paper of to- morrow, and I have the honour to remain, Sir. Your very obedient servant, , ALBERT STREET!. Collins-stroetcast, May 2. ! 