ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Dobbs, on being asked if he had ever seen the Bridge of Sighs, replied, "Yes ; I have been travelling on it ever since I was married." Horne Tooke being asked by George III, whether he played at cards, replied, "No, your Majesty ; the fact is, I cannot tell a king from a knave." The editor of an American paper says he never saw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a sinner who died without paying for his papers. "Twas terrible to look upon." A sheet of tissue paper has been exhibiting at Golton, Devonshire. It measures in length four miles, and its breadth 6 feet 3 inches. The weight of it is but 196 lbs. It was manufactured in 12 hours. A correspondent tells of a lazy genius up his way, who, being asked as he lay sunning himself on the grass, what was the height of his ambition, replied, "To marry a rich widow, that's got a cough." Cute chap that. The Corporation of Liverpool have forty- three surveyors, twenty-five superintendent and keepers, sixteen draftsmen, and eighty-seven clerks, the salaries of whom amount to up-wards of £44,000 a-year. It is stated that the late Mr. John Holmes, of Bristol, whose munificent donations to charitable and religious objects have from time to time been recorded, gave away during his life upwards of £90,000 ; and that it is supposed the sum remain- ing after his death, which took place a few days ago, does not exceed £8,000. A LUCKY FELLOW.— A correspondent at Woolwich, on whom we can rely, gives us the fol- lowing:— A private soldier of the name of Waites, now serving in the Military Train at Woolwich, has, within the last few days, received the hand- some present of £10,000 from a brother in Australia who emigrated some years ago, a very poor work- ing man, but is now possessed of £150,000. He has sent £20,000 home to be equally divided be tween two brothers, one of whom is the above-named soldier. - John o'Groat Journal. MORE THAN HER SHARE.— A story crosses the Atlantic of a marriage at New Orleans on the 8th ult., in which the bride took her eighth husband. She has married every year since 1852. Each year one husband dies, but the widow loses no time in filling his place. The finger whereon she wears her wedding rings must bear some resemblance to a curtain rod. It is said that she has nothing pre- possessing in her personal appearance except a fine set of teeth. Judging from the number of husbands she has devoured, her teeth ought to be good. Newstead, last month, appeared at the auc- tioneer's desk, but found no purshaser. Although it was not a remunerative estate—offering a bare annual value of £4,186 — it was expected that some one would be found practically- minded enough to purchase it. Some thought that the Duke of Port- land would have bought it; whilst others expected that the trustees of the Musters estate would have added it to those adjoining estates which they are so well administering for the heir of the house of Musters, yet in his minority. Had this latter ex- pectation been realized, it would have been a strange fate for the home of Byron to fall into the hands of Mary Chaworth's son by his successful rival. Not so, however. The highess bid was £121,000, and the reserved bidding be £190,000, including timber. Newstead still remains the property of the Wild- mans. 