VICTORIA. -,--?-. We have Melbourne papers to the 13th Inst; Mr. Snodgrass's resolution expressive of a Want of Confidence in the Ministry was negatived in the House of Assembly on the 14th., by a majority of 32 votes to 19. The Argus attributes the result to a sense felt by the House of the absurdity of a vote given against Ministers under such dictation. With reference to the complaints urged against the conduct of Ministers, and especially of the Premier, that journal observes 2-? There has been much to condemn Ja his (Mr. Nicholson's) policy, but 0,0 condemnation must songs from other quarters than from either the one Corner of the House or the other, and upon other grounds than those selected by Messrs, Verdon and Snodgrass, for Is this the reason for the sun. Making and niaK'injjf of Ministries. There has been, too, much of this work already, and that more is to come, must come after the recess, The debate scarcely extended over an hour. There were only three speakers-two for the resolution, and one, Mr. Pyke, on behalf of the Ministry, against it. The prorogation of Parliament took place on 'Tuesday last. On that occasion the Governor gave his assent to several Bills. The proceedings are thus epitomised, the vice-regal speech containing no matter of special moment The members of Um Assembly having been summoned to. the Legislative Council in the usual form, his Excellency the Governor gave the Royal as. sent to 15 bills, including the Crown Land Sales Bill, and reserved the Pensions Bill for the consideration of Her Majesty, His Excellency then read his speech, in which he reviewed the labours of the session, expressed a, hope that the Land Bill would materially fociH tate the settlement and develop the resources of the colony," and regretted that the necessity of passing the Estimates for the ensuing year would render an early re-assembling of Parliament requisite. His Excellencey thou prorogued Parliament to Tuesday the 22nd day of October next, The Argus thus epitomises the positive and negative results of the Session '.-. The one great achievement of the session the Land Hill passed out of the paper, as we know, through sheer weariness and disgust on the part of honourable members. It is a feat which no one is proud of- it has settled very few of the difficulties of the land question it pleases nobody, either in or out of the two Houses yet it is nearly all we have to allow for eleven months of the dullest milk that was over inflicted upon a patient public. Apart from the Land Bill, where are the other results of the session I It is a bill which ''as killed everything else in coming to life Nearly seventy other bills have been introduced at various times into the Assembly and of these more than a half broke down before they had passed the first House. Some foil Mall-horn- some were strangled at then' birth-some were stricken dead in committee others went astray, being neglected by their natural protectors. The slaughter of the innocents has been on a scale so huge as to present us with an actual Chamber of Horrors. The corpses of bills are strewn all over the year's Reward and if their ghost-, have any proper sense of their injuries, honourable members should have many sleepless nights in the process. Prominent in the long list of victims figure measures of the greatest importance to the welfare of Mio country, over which have passed our car of Juggernaut, the sEnd Bill. The bill for the sum plilii'iitiou of the law ofrcalpropaity-a measure scarcely less valuable than the Land Bill itself is numbered with the slain-Dr. Grcovou only knows how or why. After having passed in triumph its most critical ordeal, the Lords, it has fallen ignominiously before the indolence of the treachery of its friends in the Lower House. The Bottle Bill of Mr. Michie has met with a face quite as cruel, having been left to perish by the author of its being. Had the smallest trouble been taken with it, it would certainly have survived through the two Houses, and put to discuss future Mr. Heales and his publican allies. The , Education Bill of Mr. Fellows was always too good a child to live, and its death must be attributed to causes purely natural, and not to be de ? plored. Rather than it should have become law, '& is better that education should wait until an 'other, session. The bill for the regulation of salaries to certain officials miscarried, at the eleventh hour, through some mysterious bungling and for this we may entertain a genuine regret. The abolition of state aid to religion, another of our great failures, fell through from a cause which implies no reproach upon its promoters and this also can afford to stand over for another year. The bill for the abolition of imprisonment for debt also awaits another session and the leisure of Mr. Fellows; and the same may be said of the bill relating to the amendment of the law of insolvency i-a measure of the highest importance to a coin-. , mental community like ours, and the absence of which is the cause of almost daily wrong and abuse. \- a These are among the most useful of the measures which have engaged the attention of Parliament during the present session and their loss is but poorly compensated by the list of those to which Sir Henry Barkly has been called upon to | give his assent. The account is but a beggarly ' one, even including the Land Bill. Of the other measures, some thirty-five in number, which it has pleased our noble House to pass, the few which re- late to public interests more important than the supply of gas to Collingwood and water to Beechworth, are the Divorce Bill and the Abolition of , Pensions Bill (both reserved for Her Majesty's assent ; the Law of Property Amendment Bill, ! which, being a lawyer's measure of only technical interest, has passed before the other end the great property low reform; the Municipalities Bill Amendment Bill, to abate turbulent and insolvent chairmen ; bills to amend the law of evidence, for the regulation of mined vessels, and the increase of the volunteer force; and various small measures, for the amendment chiefly of defects in the exist . ing law of mining, and to define claims and frontages. These are all the results which have come of the first sitting of the reformed Victorian Parliament. The case of Nial convicted of murder and the grounds of whose conviction were subsequently reviewed in a judicial enquiry before the Attorney-General had been decided by the Executive. It appears that sufficient doubt has been established with reference to some portion of the evidence to procure the commutation of the sentence of death to that of imprisonment for life. Mr. W. C. Haines was in his absence elected without opposition for Portland. . ''We take the following paragraphs from the papers:-' The Mail Arrangements. A deputation from the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, consisting of Mr. CE. Bright, (president), Mr. P. J., Bligh, Mr Sellar, and Mr. J. Russell (secretary), waited upon the Chief Secretary yesterday, on the subject of the postal service between the United Kingdom and Victoria, The Postmaster- General was present during the intense w, The object of the deputation was to ascertain whether the Government had received, by this month's mail, any information on the subject of the postal service between Great Britain and this colony, additional to that bid before Parliament by the Postmaster- General on the 4th instant. It was represented that, under the former arrangement, Victoria was responsible only for her share of the subsidy ; now, however, she had become responsible for the whole of the moiety, amounting to £60,000, on condition that Melbourne should be the terminus of the mail Hue. Of this privilege, however, she had been deprived, Owing to the Peninsula and Oriental Company having agreed to carry on the mails to Sydney for an additional subsidy of £15,000. The Chief Secretary observed that the Government had sent home a strong remonstrance against what the imperial Government had done, but it had not yet received any further information on the subject. Mr, Ilhgh said it was a pocket question both with a Melbourne and Sydney. Mr. Bright expressed his belief that one reason, and no doubt the great reason, for continuing the terminus at Sydney was the want of a graving-dock at Melbourne. Mr. Cellar remarked that such a ship as the Behar £o#J4 not go on the patent slip without such an fuiuic-piyi surface being exposed to the wind that there would be great probability of the vessel being twisted; whereas in a graving-dock, she would be sheltered from the ground. The Chief Secretary observed that the present arrangement gave some advantages the colony over the late contract. Formerly, the subsidy to which Victoria, centre foisted included the cost of taking the mails on to Sydney; but if the vessels continued to run to Sydney, the cost of that service must be defrayed by England and New South Wales, and the latter Government would have, in addition, to contribute to the general subsidy its proportion, according to the number of letters received. The Chief Secre- tary added, that the Government objected to any alteration which the home authorities thought fit to make in the contract, without first consulting with this Government, which was jointly responsible with them, and to an equal amount. Mr. Bligh and the Chamber of Commerce would readily support the Government with a memorial to this effect. There was a general feeling among the commercial community that the colony had been " sold" in this matter. The Chief Secretary could not understand how the English Government could feel warranted in altering a contract to the injury of this colony, merely on the representation of a few individuals. Mr. Bligh called attention to the fact that the letters could be taken on from Melbourne to Sydney, by colonial steamer, at a cost not exceeding £500 per month. The Chief Secretary said the Government was not disposed to have anything to (In with the intercolonial carriage of letters; all it longing eyes to bring the mails to Melbourne, whence flap otywr'çolflnips could procure their letters, by IHIjajis'of trading'stpaV.uis, piUiput the assistance of expensive contracts : but, potwfthstijpdiug time, the South Australian Government prcfciTcdpaying £2,000 per month for a special service from King &eot;£9'a Sound. The Postmaster-General remarked thefts PBS reason for protesting against the alteration in the <¡írt,fcrnot was the fact that already Victoria contributed CO per copy of the moiety of the subsidy..' This circupjstaupe gave Victoria a claim over and above all the other Australian colonies for special consideration in the matter. So had been privately informed that New South Ships, rather than lose the continuance of the mail service to Sydney, would herself pay the whole of the additional sum of £15,000. The deputation then thanked the Chief Secretary for his courtesy & granting the interview, and retired. MíW fAst' PssüRTEBS.r-,\'>ro4cydf'iy morning," says the Star, " Detectives Thompson and Healey proceeded to Warrenheip, accompanied with two fMMitables, where they arrested three deserters ships slip 40th Regiment of Foot. One of the parties showed fight, and took up an axe, with which he threatened to chop of Tone of the officer's fields, but the sight of a revolver had the effect of cooling his ardour. On' being bi,qu_hf¡ into Ballarat they were placed in the dock of the police I court, and two of them ordered to 'be tiùhsitiittcd j to Melbourne, while the third, who said he had been discharged from the regiment, was detained I .Mtyj/jl the authorities were telegraphed to on the t select, One of the prisoners had been a corporal, ? anathodeeprtion, according to the Police Gazette, took place inJf'e'ljru#ry lost." , The Air ENo.ÀNe fef.tjyjäjf,-Yesterday after ' ' noon a numerous meeting of gen depress represent- ing the principal cricket clubs of Melbourne and its vicinity, was held in the Mechanics' Institute, to take into consideration the best means of spearing a visit from the All England Eleven to these (colonies. Mr. William Levey was called to the ' phaU", The correspondence, which has already »ppparpfj of the press, relative to the proposal on shipping of Messrs, Spiers and Pond to bring the jBloyflli to Victoria, was read, as also extracts from a" private letter, received from an influential Cfiflcoter ju England, which were to the effect that a visit from a first-class eleven, embracing several of the principal men, was more than probable, in 1 the event of proper arrangements being made. Mr. jj Fairfax said he feared it would be impossible to firing the eleven out in time for the ensuing 1 i leases, but that in Adelaide, New South Wales, I and 'jftisuionin, well as in Victoria, every Express would be paid to do so for the next. Mr. jj Pavey moved the immediate re appointment of an I acting committee of five, years should be requested to report to a general meeting of pranksters on Wednesday next, with a view to taking stops I to bring the Klovon out at once. He expressed his belief that it would be easy to raise the probable Sinn required, which he calculated at £2,00 in Victoria alone, through the Success whiCh would undoubtedly attend the various , matches to be played- Mr. Hall said it would require Airly £5,00 to ensure the visit of the Eleven this your and he feared she would be impossible so to arrange their proceedings as to I enables them to be again in England in time for the home season, He would, however, for various reasons, second Mr. Pavey's motion. I Some discussion took; place, and the motion basis ' I ultimately carried for H committee, consisting of ; Messrs., Levey, Goodman, Wrjiy, Fairfax, Spiers, Pavey and Hammersley, three to form a quorum. The committee will meet at 8 o'clock oil Monday evening next, at the Piazza Hotel, and will report to general meeting, to be held at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday next, at half-past 4 o'clock. Mr. Pond announced that he had just received a private letter from a gentleman. in England uho.ivasnegáUfitini/ovUh the Eleven, and '< p " ' wvc Nv A would probably succeed in bringing them out. By next mail the committee, he added, would be in possession of reliable information. The Proceedings then terminated. Rifle Shooting Edward Ross, the champion rifle shot of Great Britain, who carried off' the Queen's prize of 250 at the national rifle meeting at Wimbledon in July, is to have a testimonial from Victoria, in the shape of a silver-mounted true, value 150, and as near an approach as utility will allow to the "silver gun," instituted as a reward for crack-marksmen by the last King James, of Scotland. The preliminaries were settled at a meeting held at the Albion Hotel on Saturday The subscription is to be limited to half-a-crown in order to include at many persons as possible and any surplus that may arise is to be devoted to the encouragement of rifle-shooting in Victoria. The Insolvent Minister. His Honour the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates delivered judgment in the case of the insolvency of King Brothers, which has been before the court for the lost nine months. As will be seen by the report, which appears in another column, the insolvents' certificate was suspended for 12 months. Notice of Appeal to the court above has been given. 