THE MUNICIPAL ACCOUNTS. TnE half yearly statement of receipts aud expen diture of the Municipal Council appears this day in our advertising columns, and has, as usual of late, its bright aud its dull side. On the one hand, it is satisfactory to observe the elasticity and the steadily increasing municipal revenue; on the other, it is not so satisfactory to note that tho Municipality is in debt in the wood round sum of L3631 lis 3d on the general accounts, and I 2483 12s 3d on the sludge account. We have not space to-day to go into any minute analysis of these acoounts, but we may at once express our regret at the obstinate persist ance of the Council in still presenting their accounts in that old-fashioned slip-shod style which has so long been condemned by the public, and it says very little for the newly-elected Councillors that they have not at least attempted a reform in this important matter. We do not doubt that the accounts are oorrect as far as they go-that is vouched for by the respectable signa tures of the auditors, but the accounts, as usual, do not go far enough; the sludge expenditure is still kept separate, as if the ratepayers were not responsible for - it; the receipts for rates are given, but it is not st ited what year's rates make up the 6um, or what arrears of rates are out standing. There is one item of expenditure which will provoke a smile, or perhaps something less agreeable. Everyone will recollect that melan choly Bdll with which the Council, for the honor of the town, deemed it necessary to inaugurate thu new-Town Hall, in a seleot and proper manner,' with tickets at three guineas each. The ghost of that" dull dissipation still haunts tho great court-room, and the. fanciful mind may still see the late Chairman got up as an incorrect Don G-iovauui, with flowing locks, and much vandyked lace collar, mincing and simpering, and as Sam Weller would have said, "making a hexhibitiou of himself." Vanity of vanities, all is vanity,-says the wise mau. This, sad attempt to get up a "festal scene" left the Couucil or rather the ratepayers L.57 6s. out of pocket. It is not likely, how ever, that there will be anything worse than a good humored growl over this little bill. It would be well for the Counoil if they had no bigger sins to answer for. 