PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. RHYMES FOR JUVENILE M.P.' APROPOS OF THE LATE DEBATES, Fizzy Dfczy went off with a hang, And opemdon Gladstone a froth) h-.rr ngu-* Eut all the Pope's asses, and all the Horse m- n, Can.iot bri g Fizzy Dizzy ir.ti offi e agai , ' . II. Diz and Du - Made motions to ! Krock ov r tho Ministe s' Budget. .Th8 House felt bored, ° Pert . iz was fl.iored. And Da was driven to trudge !<?, ni. Dins: dong bell - DizZy don't f-el Wi.ll; Dong rliQg dong, Sang he. tie Treaty's wrong ; Ding dor g ding, Small he now must si^g. AN OLD ANTITHESIS NEW SET. VVhat Lord John Rushed was doing in 1831 \- SittiHg by th.fi cradle of fMcr/n. What Lord John Russell i3 doiag ia 1SG - tollowiog its (small) bier. FEMALE FORTIFICATIONS. Every woman's crinoline is her castle. TINNER NOTES AND QUERIES Annourcinj? to the world the imnortanfc piece of new- that the Duke of Wellington has asked the Prince of Orange to'dine With him, a fashionable newspaper pr.creds to state th-j lact that ^ " Her U'ace t'oe Duche'sLas invited a large circle t-j me-ot the illustiious Pricoe afcer dinner.1' From this interesting but somewhat be wildering intelligence, -here ar se in our mind the foil wi; g few queries ; 1\. What was the '^ar^e ciicl Wa^ it Astloy's Circus ? oroiie of the piddle- wheels of the Great Eastern s eamship ? 2 W«y Was the "la g« c rcle'" not asVed to ccme tc dinner ?. Was there not room for it at table ? or was it considered that the " illus fcri us Prince ' was cn'y worth meeting af>.er pudding, not before h ? . - 3; "Why cannot our. nob-eman invite their p-ivake friends t > dine -with t em wiiho it our newsmen drawing public notice to the f.ict ? WANTED SOME FINK YOUNG MEN/. Our riflo volunteers muster toleiably strong; but still l:irge i.umbtrs would be required to confront axual danger. The m3om rs of the various corps are mostly either in-!ep ndent or pr, fejsionai young men. To bring ;he volun teer force up to ihe mark, shopmen are wa .ted Ou? spmiane us rifles are dashing young fallows, but their efficiency woul t bs iru ruved by the addition of haberdashers They'uke' kindly to d>. ill-march admirably ; but they want more counts r -marching, TO Tna HEADS OF EAMIUES. Are t! ere any grou d* for supp -sing that Par-Tare is in any way related to Mother Eurth. ALOIIOLIC TEST. A red nose. "THE TWO P THS" A medical student, in allusion to the abotre book, by Mr Huskins, says-''He ia in pre cisely the same .predicament, for he dossnt know which of the 'two paths' to follow in his profession-whether to tu n alio.path, or homcai-path. ITALIAN QUESTION. Louis Napoleon propng s that Tuscany should be an Autonomy, Query-does he not niojn an Automaton ? A SPIRITUAL enquiry. Is it likely that ghosts tain in the dead languages ? FRENCH AND ENGLISH FANCY. The new commercial treaty between Frsnca' and E gland h.is been cm;c;iv>d ii the hope that it wi i induce the two ua!i'in3 to contend in peaceful rivalry, instead of opposing oa' h other ia sanguiaaiy warfare,- Nevertheless although the c nto-t will not be sanguinary, it will be attended with no small drawing of c arefc. RECIPROCITY AND BAGS, It ia satisfactory to know that the French Government has agreed fcs remove the prohibit on of the export fr m France of rags L't us now hope that our liberal nt-ichhnura. will go one step farther in the right direction; e;ive us their gold and si ver, a ad take our paptr. COUSIN'S TALK. " No, Amy, y >'re quite < rotig. I never was refused in all my life." \- " Oh, Tom, how can you say so ?, Why, there was L iuie Simpson." '. I cell you again, you're wrong, compl tly wrong .It's true that I was 4 declined with tlia .ks' once, but I never was refused." A PAIR OF SJt'LLS. Lord John and his ReforJtt Bill. GR UNd RENTS. The efLc's of an earthquake PCJBjbiaHOUSE PORT. (Mr Bernal Osborne's lvceipt.) Put in cioer, five times nine Gallons, brandy six ; comhioe Ditto two, strained brotli of slo-s, Mix . ighreal port, with those. Jf the odour of the stuff Is no- bright aid strong enough, Add the tincture of red ganders, To deceive tha gees? and ganders, Erery bottle, rogu-, in bj ^ Put one drachm of catechu, That w>ll give astringent savour, And a c ust a<s we'-l as fl vour. Dye c r:s' ends wi h Brazil wood ; Public-house port thus is brewed. A PARABLE BY ^PURGKOIT-A cer'ain tyrant sent fur one of his subjects, and said to him, "What is your employment V He said "lama blacksmith." ' Go home," "and make m« a chain of such a length." He went h>me. It occupied him several months, and ho iiad no wages all the while he was making iis. Then he brought it to' the monarch, and he sai I " Go and make ir. twice a^ long."' brought it up again to the monarch, and ho said, ''Goan lraake it longer still. '' Each time he brought it, there was nothing but a command to make it longer still. And when he brought it up at l isc, the monarch said " T .ke if., and bind him hand and f ot wi h it and cast him into a furnace of fire." These were his wages for making the chain. Here is a meditation for you. ye servant* of the devil. Your master, the devil. istell:ng you to make a chain. Some of you have teen fifty years welding the links of the chain and he says, '. Go arid make it longer still." Nest Sun ii.y morning you will open that Bhop of yours, and put another link on-nex-. Sun day y iu will be drunk and put another link on -next M mday you will do a .iishnnest action and so keep on making fresh links to th's chain-an 1 so witen you h.va lived twenty more years, tho devil w 11 say, '' More links on still " And, then, at last, 'it will be '. Take him and bind him hand a .d foot, aad cast him into a fu nace of fire-" fcr the wages of sin is death. There is_ a subj ct for your meiitation. I do not think it sweet but if God makes it profitable it will do you good. You must have strong medicines some times, when the disease is bad. God apply it to your hearts. A social gathering of tho mechanical chim ney Bweepj under the auspices of the Bir mingham Town Mission Society, who had provided a gratuitous tea on the occasion, took place at the Mission School, on Monday evening. Alderman Cutler presided. The room, which was tastefully adorned with eve-greens, flowers, bannecs, and mottoes, was filled v/ th the invited guests-ihimney awes JS and their wives -numbering about 145 person*, tn.-luding gentlemen connected with the missions and other* interested in the social rtfjrm of the masses. At Sheffield, in August last, a non-unionist sawgrinler, named James Linley, who had buen tae object of several outrages, was shot in the head while drinking in a public house in Scotland s-r^et. Tho bullet a very small one- entered the left temple, lodged in the fatty substance behind tUe eye, and could not ba ex-.racted. Linley was able to resume work, but never resumed his wanted he.lth. On YV" dues ay morning he expiit-d suddenly, death being a:tribu-.ed tiy his medicit atten dants to the i juries received in August. Ihe a.->3:i£.u:> is un'&uown;, 