ORDINATION ' OF THE REV. 8. W. . ' BAKER, ÎIiBBiojiAirr ro TBS "Baxesoix Isxixas, un> V^LXDIO TOSX Sxtncx WüsxEYis CHAIEL, YcRK BTaiET. A s CB LIO meeting na held in this ohapel bat evening, for the Ordination of BOT. 8. W. Baker, as a Missionary of the Wesleyan Church to the Friendly Islands, and to commend him te the Grace of God. After Binging the hymn beginning " O thon who earnest from abo ve The para celestial fire to impart.", Eev. Mr. HOBST offered prayer. The PEKTDINT OF THE CONFERENCE afterwards ex- plained the object of the meeting. lhere was an urgent call from the Friendly Islands. Their missionary Mr. Vexooe, had been obliged by the failure of bi» health to retire ; and Mr. Adams called away by death. It bad before been resolved to send Mr. Baler at the end of the year by the John Wesley, bat in the present straits of the mission, they thought it necessary to send him with, out delay. There was an opportunity of securing him . passage by a weasel sailing cm Monday ; and they were .bout to take advantage of it. It was the practice of the Wesleyan body to ordain none bat those of whose eon version to God, and call to the ministry they had no doubt. They did not believe that the Most High would employ a rebel in the great work of saving sonia from dsatb. He, therefore, called on Mr. Baker to give an account of his conversion and call to the ministry. Mr. BAEEZ said that 'bis father was . clergyman of the Church of England ; bis mother was s pions Wesleyan. She died when he waa bat 3 years old ; and be believed her prayers had been heard and answered. He came to this coantry, however, in search of wealth, on the discovery of the gold-fields. His associate at the diggings invited bim to a tend the Wesley>n prayer meetings; but he soorned tba proposal. Tba sndden dsatb. of an acquaintance first arrested tis attention to the concerns of bia soul. He began to pray ¡ ha went to the house of prayer. Ha determined to turn over a new leaf, and give up bis heart to Qod ; he joined a olass and became penitent; shortly after, he found pease in be- lieving ; and the grace of God bad been exceeding aban, dant towards him. He had now the witness of the Spirit of Omi testifying that he was a child of Go* ; and ba was aBsnred that tbe Lord would never leave him nor forsake him. He had no doubt of his calling to render ant« dod the service ot the Gospel ministry. He be* Usved all tba doctrines of the Wesleyan Church wets founded on the Word of the Lord; and wished to live and die a Methodist preacher. . . The PBESEDEHT thea read the werds of Christ to his ... servant», in referenee to their ministry, in Matthew xxvrii., John xx., and other parts of tbe Boriptur». He then addressed Ur, Baker on the itnportanoe of the office to which he was called, and exhorted him to bear in remembrance tbe dignity and greatness of his obarge, to be diligent and watchful io th« study of the Bible, io prayer and labour for the building up of the oharob. He then asked questions on the following particulars 5-1. Aa to his having been inwardly moved by tbe Holy Ghost to ander taking the office of the ministry. ' 9. As to bis belief in the Holy Scriptures as being snffieient for eternal salva- tion, and the soaroe of all true knowledge of spiritual things. 8. As to bis views of the doctrines hjld by the Wesleyan Methodist Charon ; whether fae had read the 4 volumes of Mr. Wesley's sermons and bis notes on the Kew Testament, and believed thom to be in accordance With Divine Truth. 4. As to his a-qulescenoe in the general system of discipline in this Conference. These questions being all answered by Mr. Baker in the affir costive, the President called upon him to promise that \- be would give diligence to administer tba word and ordinances; that he would seek to drive away all erroné oas and strange doctrines by tbe word of Qed ¡ that be would devote himself to prayer and reiding of tbe Holy Soripturen, laying aside the study of the world and the flesh; tbat he would fashion himself and his family after the doctrine of Christ, so as to be a living example to hil congregation of what Ccristians Bhould be ; that he would seek to promote quietness and peace io the Churches ; that be would obey his ohief ministers in the conference, submitting himself to their godly monitions. Mr. BAKES having severally msde these promises, the President added-"God grant you strength and power to perform the same." ?The PRESIDES! then addressed the meeting on the neoessity of prayer before ordaining the minister ; and invited them after the example of Christ and bis Apostle*, to unite in prayer. After Bome time spent in silent ' prayer, th* ' President on behalf of the meeting, offered prayer aloud. He then, with the other ministers present, Kevs. Mr. Hurst, Rabone, and Ironside, laying their hands on 'the head of .Mr. Baker, ordained bim to the ministry.. The ministers then partook together of the Lord's Supper; and the Rev. S. Rabone gave a charge to tho newly ordained minister. Afier setting forth at large the spiritual duties and qualifications of a rxinlster of the Gospel in general, he spoke of the peculiarities of the position of a mitsionary among the heathen, Ha boped the newly ordained missionary would not shrink from working with his own hands if neoeBsary, and doing many thingB which be would not be called to do- in the society be had been aBed to. He had exhorted him to faee manfully the difficulties, and trials of a missionary life. He would have many peouliar trials; he might also look for peculiar joys, He described the labours of acquiring a foreign tongue, and the plea- sure of mastering it. Mr. Rabone added tho following particular oounselB :-(1). Bu fully devoted to God. Take heed to thyself. (2J. Be diligent in every part of your duty and work. (3). Try by all means, as you enter on your new field of labour, to make a good im- pression on the native mind. They will soon observe you and characterise your very looks and all yo jr notions. After a solemn exhortation to the missionary to ba faithful unto death, and an affectionate expression of good wishes for him and bis partner in ilfe, Mr. Rabone concluded the serviee of the evening with prayer and the apostolic benediction. ] 