MALDON POLICE GOU&l.; Monday, April 9th, 186a (Before E- C Mackenzie, Esq., P. M.) THE VAGRANT ACT.—Richard Dick was charged on the information of Mr. Edward Ellis with having no lawful means.of support. Prisoner stated that he had work to go to as he -tiad obtained a situation as engine driver to the Reform Association, and that he was no vagrant for he it was who made the dam where the magistrates horses were watered. Discharged with acantion. WILFCTL DAMAGE TO PPOPEBTY.—Mr. Frazer «ras charged with this offence, but prosecutor not appearing, she was discharged. NEWSPAPER TAT.K.—The Melbourne corresponden of the Battaaarat Star has the following: —"Messrs. Shaw & Harnett, of this city, are to have a new literary venture in hand. It is reported that Mr. T. L Bright, formerly of My Js'oie Book, will return to Melbourne, and will conduct the periodical alluded to.—As an example or the profitable character of some of our suburban newspapers, a half-share in the St £ilda Chromde was sold a short time ago to Mr. David Blair for £500. It is perhaps a pity to let the public into the secrets of how newspapers are managed in the colony, but it will dear up a mist which may surround the minds of some of your more observant readers, to be told that the curious unanimity sometimes observable in articles quoted into the Age and Herald from the St Hilda Chronicle, with those which appeared in the Heral&s; leading columns, arises, from the fact of their both being written by one person, and that person having a hearty hatred for the Argus, there is always plenty of opportunity of venting his spleen which are rarely allowed to escape." LOST MEN.—When bachelors get married their bachelor acquaintances see them no more. So far as concerns their chums who live ill chambers, they might indeed almost as well lie dead as wedded. Sometimes one of them appears in the haunts he -once frequented, but he comes there like a ghost, and seems the merest shadow of the jolly chap he used to be. His own friends regard Mm 'more with sorrow than with anger,' but peither tie nor they derive much comfort from his visit. In fact, lie drops in like a tax-gatherer and makes everyone uncomfortable. He who was once the life becomes the death's head of the dinner table. A Benedict witii bachelors is a fish out of -water; and the best tiling to be done with him is to throwa bait out and try to make him hook it. AN INDEPENDENT BABBEIL—Of course, - in every. village some individoala are to be found moire original 'than the rest Among the worthies of this description living at'Guisley, the parish. .deck and barber deserves special mention, as being a man who piques himself some- what highly upon bis "literary attainments, a specimen of which, illustrative of the writer's character, and of his eminence in his profession, might have been seen, not'long ago, pinned up in (tie his inn^mr •window. ' Here JTprp is! IK a (Vmir- copy:—"Notice— W(iK/>o Saturaai ^ys at 5 o'clock for one half- penny till 8 o'clock. After 8 o'clock 1 penny til 9 o'clock. After 9 o'clock I shall pleese myself whether I shall shave or not. Saturday Noon from IS to 1 a'dodk 1 half-penny. Razors cleaned up li a piece. Going'out to shave, 1 penny, out of town £ pence. Now i shall be very glad to shave any person that feds it worth their 'pleasure to come and pay like men, and not get shaved and never come no more when theylavegot one penny or lfd on. If it is not worth a penny letyour beard grow. Prater's Magazine. A SLIGHT MISTAKE.—OnThursday evening, Mr. Heffernan, in cashinga cheque on the Bendigo SteaahPuddling Cp., for £35, in the hurry of {he business put in a .£50 note in mistake for a five. In a short time afterwards the error was discovered,. and' the assistance of O'Nid was called in, but in a very short time Mr. Anghersten, who had given the cheek, , returned (having foiihd his money in excess), and gave U P the lost note. Mr. Heffernan, we learn, ter Wardedthe-honesty Of MrlAmththe present a £5 note.—Bendiao Advertiser. * AN EKPEDEENI.—Adashing and fashionable widow says she thinks of sueing some gentlfiman for a-breach'-of promise, in order that the world may know she is in tiie market 