NEW SOUTH 'WALES. I By the Rangatira wo have Sydney dates to 3rd October. The Sydney Morninj Ilcrald of that date con tains the following question with reference to tlie border customs, put to the Government on the previous evening in the AssemWy- and 1 the reply % Murray River. Duties. — Jlr. tforoton asKoamo Colonial Treasurer, ' Whether the government have effected any amicable arrangement with the Victorian Government, relative to the collection of the revenue 011 goods liable to pay duties cros sing the river Murray, from the colony of Victo ria, into the colony of New South Wales r' Mr. Weekes said he was sorry he was not able' to givo a satisfactory answer. The Government made, as tliey believed, a reasonable and practicable pro position to tho Government of Victoria, for the settlement of this question, but the Govcrmeiit of /lAnlttm/I tn rtnfrtv Jnfn +1ir» /»rtvi«?rlprni.inn thereof. In reply, the Government addressed the Victorian Government with arguments in support of tl.o proposition previously made, and yesterday they received an answer from the Vic torian Government, who finally and abswlutely declined tho proposition. (Hear, hear.) In tlia ; position the question now rented — a question which was assuming every day a more important aspect. The Government would take every means still to endeavour to effect an amicable arrangement, although he had doubts of success. Mr. Samuel asked what was the nature of the proposition made to tho Victorian Government J Mr. Weekes said that to-morrow ho would lay upon the table all the correspondence connected with tho matter. ' Chinese Immigration. — Mr. Lucas, on Tues day evening, moved for leave to bring in a bill to regulate Chinese Immigration. Iiv doing so, he acknowledged that it would have bfen better for the Government to have introduced this measure. But they had not done so, and it was urgently necessary. The Chinese had arrived lately in ships so crowded that there was 0110 a dtilt to every ton of burden. His bill would imp«ose ,C10 per head on all arriving by land from the other colonies, as well as all coining direct by .sea. Ho would rather impose £100, as he aimed at prohi bition. This was necessary on various grounds. It was not just to Englislu/amilies who had been induced to emigrate, that those people should come to the colony without their females, nor was it just to the labouring classes generally that they should be brought into competition with them. The motion for leave to bring in tlie bill was carried on a division by 26 to 16. Some opposi tion wa3 offered by the Ministry to the motion, on the ground that it ought to have been left to the Govenment to introduce such a measure. Export Duty on Gold. — On the same evening tho Colonial Treasurer gave notice of his inten tion to bring in a bill to repeal the gold export duty. A motion by Mr. Denihey, that the House do go into Committee in order to vote a sum for the establishment of a Public Library, was negatived by 12 to 17. ' Accident at Watson's Bay. — Yesterday after noon, a party, consisting of two ladies and two gentlemen, were returning in a dogcart from Mr. Billing's hotel at Watson's Bay, when a serious accident befel them. The dogcart had proceeded but a short distance up the hill toward the light house, when' two lads on horseback, galloping in tho same direction, came in contact with_ tlio horse attached to the dogcart. One of the ladies in the dogcart, named Mrs. Joel (sister to Mr. S. Davis, of tke Exhibition hotel), on perceiving the dan ger, tried to jump off, and in the attempt broke the splashboard, and fell between th'' vehicle and the horse. The horse bolted, and dragged the lady a short distance before her clothes became disengaged. The horse still rushed on, ran down a declivity, which caused the dogcart to turnover; but before this occurred the three persons on it had jumped clear and escaped with but little in jury. The animal having broken away from the dogeart, ran back to Mr. Billing's stable. Mrs. Joel was taken up and carricd back to the hotel ; subsequently she was brought into town, and on being examined by two medical men, it was lound that the injuries she had sustained consisted of several severe bruises only. Tiie VicroaiAN Expedition. — The S.M. Herald' s M\\*rrumbidgee correspondent writes as follows : — It seems reasonable to suppose that, had the Vic torian Government been acquainted with this part of Australia, they would have ordered Mr. Burke to go by the most direct road to Moama, 011 the Murray, from thence to Lang's Crossing, on the Murrumbidgee, and afterwards to Bullagol town ship, on the Laohlan, from which place it is only 180 miles to the Darling River, in the vicinity of Mount Mureliison. This route would have been found very advantageous, it would have been the shortest by 150 miles ; tlie flooded country would have been avoided ; there would have been fewer rivers to cross, and- les3 scrubby country to tra verse. The Darling would have been struck one hundred miles higher up than it will be by the Government route, and, lastly, the six waggons would have loft a track between the Laehlan and the Darling, and thus have been the means of causing a permanent route to be made in that direction, which would prove of great service to the inhabitants of all the colonics. Wishing every success to the expedition, we cannot, how ever—judging from what we have already seen and hoard — but fear that it will prove a failure, and that the money spent on the fitting-out will be money thrown away. j Colonisation op Carpentaria. — The S. M. Herald has the following A scheme lias been planned by a gentleman in Sydney — a squatter of many years' practical experience — for precipitat ing', colonisation to the northward by planting a pastoral scttteinont on the ' Plains ot Promise,' at the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria. It is pro posed to obtain some speeial concessions from the Government of Queensland, and then to form a joint stock company, with a capital of from £150,000 to £200,000. By the aid of this, it is calculated that two hundred thousand ewes could be set down on the locality referred to, which in two years would double their number. In sup port of the project it is urged that there is 110 proof that the wool of the merino slieop deteriorates by increase of warmth in the climate — that the heat will not be more oppressive than it is during the summer months on the Bar win, the Macintyre, the Condamine, and the Lower Gwydir, and the Namoi — all of which aro occupied, and partly with sheep, tho fleece being lighter than in cooler parts, but also finer, aud on that account compen sating for its deficiency in quantity — that it is a known fact that the western slopes of the great dividing range facing the interior form better sheep country than the eastern slopes that face tho seu — that the Plains of Promise possess all the characteristics of the first - class pastoral country of the inte rior, ,viz„ , „ wide-spreading, richly grassed plains, a salsolacoous herbr,ge, extensive open box and apple .tree flats, with occasional ridges of silver leaseii'iron bark, while at tho same time this is tlie only locality on the continent which com bines these characteristics of the interior with close proximity to tlie seaboard, the Gulf of Car pentaria being an arm of the sea running inland. It is alleged also that the site is an excellent one for breeding horses for the Indian market, and that if desirable Eastern labor could be easily obtained. SYDNEY MEMS. Miss Avonia Jones, according to the Sydney Morning Herald, has created quite a furor in tlie theatrical world. A man, named Christian Valdemia Hoiid, has been committed for trial on a charge of having killed his shipmate Daniel Morrison, a native of Capo Briton, in a drunken quarrel at Balmain. Both men were sailors on board tho Diono, which vessel is delayed until after the trial. A great public meeting was held in Sydney 011 Monday evening for tlio purpose of providing relief for the colonists of Taranaki. Tho Gover nor- General occupied the chair. Resolutions ex pressive off sympathy and action in the matter were moved by the Bishop of Sydney, Mr. Darvall, and other public men. The public abattoirs have been removed from Sydney. The proclamation against slaughtering within the city came into force on Monday, and the slaughter-houses are now established at Glebe Island, and at Collingwood near Liverpool. The journeymen bakers ot' Sydney are agitating for an abridgement of tho hours of labor. Eighteen of the master bakers had complied with the wishe3 of their workmen, and about an equal number liadrefussd.- _ ... . The editor of an American paper says he never saw but one ghost, and that was the gho3t of a j sinner who died without paying for his paper. ' 'Twos terrible to look upon.' ' 