News and Notes. The application of Wagg and party for a water-right in connection with their claim on the Canadian ranges was refused on Wednesday, in consequence of a communication from the Chief Secretary's office to the effect that the right could not be granted, as it might be detrimental to the public interests in connection with a general water supply. A somewhat novel kind of gold dis- covery was made about three weeks ago by a party of Chinamen who were engaged in washing the debris in the claim lately occupied by the Big En- gine Company, under the Camp hill. They were at work one day when two of the party came upon a leathern bag containing about 50 ounces of gold, which was rapidly appropriated by the two finders, who, we hear, forthwith betook themselves to the "flowery land" with their easily gotten little pile. As several tents once stood there, it is probable the bag of gold had been secreted and lost. For three quarters of an hour yes- terday the business of the Eastern Court was brought to a stand still for the want of a second magistrate to try a Chinaman charged with stealing fowls. A police constable was des- patched in quest of one, and during the time he was away, the police magistrate and persons present sat in dumb silence viewing each other in the most disconsolate mood imagin- able. When persons aspire to magis- terial dignity surely they ought to attend to its duties now and then, at least, and not throw all the work on the shoulders of their more willing co- worships. The Philharmonic Society have se- cured the services of Mrs Hancock, who is coming from Melbourne to fill an important part in the forthcoming concert, which will take place on the 27th instant. We perceive that the Society are getting the Montezuma papered and decorated for the occa- sion, and everything that is possible is being done for the comfort and con- venience of the audience. It appears from a melancholy tale narrated to the Magistrate at the Eastern Police Court yesterday, that there are some persons on Ballarat who are pursuing the illegal traffic of enticing young girls from their homes for the purpose of prostitution. A venerable old man with grey hairs yesterday informed the Bench that some females who reside in that fount of iniquity on Ballarat, known as Arcade street, had enticed away a little girl of his, of tender years, who was now living with those who had seduced her from the path of virtue and of duty. The magistrate directed a police constable to arrest the parties complained against, and assist the poor man to recover his child. Detective Bailey said that there were three or four women in town pursuing this system, when the Bench remarked that they should be all ar- rested. A few hours later, and three of these miserable wretches were placed in the lock-up charged with vagrancy. We perceive that Mr McKenzie, the contractor, has nearly completed the cutting of the hill on the Burnbank road, opposite the Buninyong Hotel. At eight o'clock yesterday (Thurs- day) morning, the nomination of a councillor in the place of Mr Adams, resigned, took place at the Crown Hotel. Mr Shepherd presided, and there were present Crs Selleck, For- shaw, and Smith, the Town Clerk, and three ratepayers. The Chairman hav- ing read the advertisement giving no- tice of the nomination stated his wil- lingness to hear any gentleman who had a candidate to propose, when Mr Smith moved, and Mr Harris seconded, the re-election of Mr Adams, the gen- tleman who had resigned a few weeks before, and there being no other "Richmond in the field," he was de- clared unanimously elected, and the proceedings terminated. We believe the Chamber of Com- merce purpose holding a meeting for the purpose of remonstrating against the Eastern Council wasting the water by watering the streets of the munici- pality therewith, as they have been doing of late. Fears are entertained that the races at Buninyong will turn out a failure this year in consequence of the apathy and indifference manifested by the committee, who, despite the efforts of the indefatigable secretary to bring them together, absent themselves from the honorary functions which they undertook to perform. The towns- people generally are in favor of field sports, as evinced at the late Highland games, and they severely censure the neglect manifested by the committee in this respect. We understand that it is the inten- tion of the authorities to metal the main line of road from. Ballarat to Buninyong as far as the half-way house, and for this purpose a large quantity of metal now being broken near the Caledonian bridge, and on various parts along the road, and men are engaged in removing some of the planks therefrom. A singular trotting match took place yesterday on the Plank road, which we believe escaped the vigilance of the Clerk of the Course. As we do not wish to subject the parties to a prose- cution, we will withhold their names, and state that that the match, which was for a new hat, was ran between a horse harnessed to a gig, in which were two persons, and a horse ridden by a well- known sportsman. The latter, we be- lieve, won the prize. The prospects of the Buninyong Pactolus Gold Mining Company are now beginning to brighten up. On Wednesday they washed a machine of stuff, which yielded over four ounces. The company are now opening out a second shaft, about 2000 feet from the first one which they sunk. Buninyong is a very social place; peace reigns within its borders, and plenty within its terraced dwellings. Its people are happy, and domestic felicity may be numbered amongst their enjoyments. Their afternoons are spent in social chat--that sweet communion of the soul--over a dish of tea, while the poor have disappeared from their gates. Happy people ! ineffable spot! Its Benevolent Asso- ciation, for it once had one, is in a state of "integumental crumpling," and the secretary alone remains, like Marius musing amid the ruins of ancient Rome. His appeals to the committee have been passionate and eloquent, in vain, he reminds them in thundering tones of the usual sights of meeting, but they heed him not, and he pipes in vain. Its funds are ex- hausted-the books and he alone remain ! Mr Barker, the contractor for the erection of the Caledonian Bridge over the Main road, has now completed the temporary bridge, which will be used until the other is erected. The children in connection with the Presbyterian School, Sturt street, were yesterday treated to a refection in the chapel, Sturt street. Divers out of door recreations accompanying the treat, and all the juveniles appeared to enjoy the entertainment provided for them. Along the Main Road, where the water pipes have lately been laid down, are a number of Municipal traps, in which several unsuspecting Jarvies and equestrians have occa- sionally found their horses imbedded. About five o'clock yesterday evening a water-cart got into one of these pits opposite Mrs Tuckett's shop, where it remained up to the axletree in mud, until the horse was unyoked, and the water run out of the barrel, when, after much difficulty it was removed. If there is anybody in Ballarat who can evoke "spirits from the vasty deep" of the Great Republic Company's No. 4 shaft, that person is earnestly en- treated to make himself known at once to the secretary or manager of the company. We are informed that a ghost has been seen in the chamber of the shaft, and the men are thereby scared from their labors in the dark subterranean there. It is known that one or two men were killed in the shaft, but whether the ghostly visita- tion is due thereto, or to the desire of the company to frighten the newly appointed Court of Mines Inspector in re Hand-in-Hand v Great Republic, we must leave events to determine. The return match between the B.C.C and the S.C.C. takes place to- day on the ground of the former club. The B.C.C. have selected their best men, and will no doubt make a hard stand to recover their tarnished repu- tation. We have often endeavored to impress on the Club, and the spirited members endorse our attempt, the necessity of regular and thorough play if the Club is to be a respectable one in the annals of the game. The fol- lowing members of the Ballarat Cricket Club have been chosen to play in the match: Messrs Sweeney, Davies, San- derson, Grut, Neap, Smith, Merry, Braithwaite, Clissold, Newton, Harvey, and Groujon. Wickets will be pitched between nine and ten a.m, and lunch will be given at the North Grant at one o'clock. The Beechworth Constitution says- "Among the unfortunates who lost their lives on the coast of the old country, to which they were returning with fond anticipations of happiness and enjoyment, was one late a resident on the Three Mile, Mr Wade, who was well known to many old Three Milers as a hard worker, toiling for a living, took passage by the ill fitted Royal Charter, to return to an affectionate wife, who had but just entered on an inheritance of something like £20,000." [Wr Wade was formerly a partner in the firm of Chesney & Wade, Golden Point, and subsequently the owner of the first hotel on Golden Point.-ED. Star.] One of the grandest kangaroo hunts, says the Warrnambool Examiner, ever heard of, took place on Monday last at Glenormiston, the estate of the Hon. Niel Black, Esq, M.L.C. There were abont one hundred horsemen present, and upwards of 2000 kangaroos were driven into a large enclosure. More than half escaped, and the remainder were slaughtered in the yard. The Geelong Advertiser states that harvesting operations in the Little River district are in a forward state, and the farmers have very little to complain of in that regard. Mr John Wilson's crops (some 500 acres) are allowed on all hands to be as fine and abundant as could be desired. The average yield is supposed to be 30 bushels per acre, and there yet remain some 200 acres to be carted in. The crops of Messrs Dooley, McGaw, Henry, D. Young, Rees, and McNorton, are all up to a good average, and would have been got in but for the recent rains. Mr Rees' reaping machine (one of Robinson's) has done a large portion of the reaping for the smaller farmers, and very satisfactorily has it performed its work. The report of vegetables in this district is far from favorable. The cabbages have yielded to the blight, the potatoe crops are not worth mentioning owing to the drought. The sorghum is very little better off, but the man- golds have stood it pretty well. Mr Nickless complains a swarm of flying beetles has recently made a set upon the young gum trees in his grounds, and has succeeded in stripping the top branches perfectly bare. After trying a variety of plans to keep off these pests, he resorted to the expedi- ent of watering and peppering, which may or may not be successful. His fruit is far from so plentiful this season as it ought to be, but this falling off is entirely due to the liberty recently allowed to hundreds of marauders to play at excursion about his grounds. Many of this gentry, who ought to have known better, did great damage not only, by robbing the proprietor, but by plucking and wasting a large quantity of fruit which was yet in the green. The vines, however, are thriv- ing capitally, and give promise of a full bearing season. The hot winds have scarcely affected them at all, ex- cept at the weather end of the vine- yard, and that but a trifle. The Times states, in reference to the late Feargus O'Connor's land scheme, that a meeting of the members of this company was held in Nottingham a few days ago (2nd Nov.), for the proposed of receiving intelligence as to the sale of the estates of the National Land Com- pany. Mr Clarke occupied the chair. It appeared from the correspondence read that the rent charges of the estate of the above company had been sold to Mr Roberts, of Manchester, for £18,020. It was also shown that, after the pay- ing off the mortgages on the property, there would not be sufficient funds in hand to defray the winding-up costs. The Times says- The Cunard Com- pany has just contracted with Messrs Napier of Glasgow, for the construc- tion of an iron paddle steamer of 4000 tons, with corresponding horse-power. She is to be named the Scotia, aad will be in every way larger and more powerful than the Persia, which is of 3500 tons. The new vessel, we un- derstand, is expected to surpass any- thing afloat; both as regards speed and internal arrangements, and to sustain the reputation of the Cunard line, as well as of the Clyde builders. The Courrier de Charleroi announoes that Dr Defontaine, of Mons, has dis- covered a cure for cholera. He has applied electro-galvanism to his patients, and has obtained by this system astonishing results. Fifteen individuals attacked by cholera, and whose lives were despaired of, were attended at the hospital by Dr De- fontaine, and were all without excep- tion cured in a few hours. Ten or twelve minutes after the commence- ment of the operation all the bad symptoms of the disease disappeared, warmth was restored and the patient was covered with an abundant perspi- ration. This is one of the most inte- resting discoveries made for many years. 