A T A L E . from toe danish of h. s. inqlemann. It was a, stormy autumn evening; the lust yellow leaves of Hie -beech trees were whirling through the 'forest near Sorijo> and the usually calm lake was lavished into wild waves like those of the open sea. " Docs Italian Franz, reside in this wood?" said a clear manly voice from the road, as Count Otto stopped his gray steed close to a peasant's cottage, and knocked at the little window with Lis riding-wliip. — — - " You can't lose your way," replied an old woman, opening the window a very little. "If you tako the path on the left, alongside of -the lake, the first house you will come to is where the uiider-rnuger lives." The young count, thanked iicr and proceeded ou. When he turned into, the path to the left, where the moon shone, full through the trees, and cast its silver rays upon the agitated lake, his . liorse shied, aud sprang to one side; at- the same mouiout the count's eyes fell upon the trunk of n hollow oak-tree by the road, against which a figure appeared to be leaning. It was that of a man in the garb of a hunter ho saw; -his rifle lay at .his feet; his liorse, bound to the -:old tree, stood" by his side, and, as a moonbeam fell on his face, lighting up his features, tho young count felt, for the. 'first time in his life, a. strange sen sation of. terror — it was as if lie beheld before him a well-known countenance, but terribly ohanged and distorted. IJe gave himself no time to examine into the cause of this fear, a feeling which he had never before experienced in any of his numerous journeys, not even when he had fallen in with highwaymen and robbers, with whom he had often had desperate encounters, but without rea soning one moment with hiniseif, or tiiking'timc to think why lie felt such midden dread, he piutsgod his spurs into bis horse's sides, aud galloped oa as fast as possible. The solitary hunter leaning against the decayed troo' was Italian ' Franz. This name had been bestowed on him on- account of his having been iu tlie em ployment of a noble family; with whom lie "had resided for several years in Italy, and who, as a reward for his faithful services -to them, had obtained for hiui the rangership lie now held near SorOe. He was born in this part of the country, where his father hud been the owner of a mill. But his long residence iu a southern climate had tunned his origi nally fair northern complexion, nnd im parted a swarthy, sun-burnt huo to his cheek, while his light hair had also be come darker. in those remote lauds. He was a man somewhere about forty years of ago, and wheu hc.i was in good spirits, or iu a gay humour, lie might have passed for 'much, younger, especially when he indulged' iu' the vivacity of manners lie had acquired in the South. But when bis fierce, aud gloomy fits -. ( caine over him, he looked so old, and also so wild and formidable, that no one would willingly have met him alone in the woods. Ho would often remain whole nights in tho forest, with hi? gun ovcnliis shoulder, whistling or singing Italian airs in the moonlight, especially when autumnal gales whirled the leaves around him, and the lake was dark and agitated. While he thus wandered .in the deep woods or by tho lonely lake, his only child, the beautiful Giuliana, who was born in Italy, sat, a solitary being in the forest lodge, and gazed at the charming pictures of Capri, Torrento, and Ischia, and many other lovely spots, views of which her father had brought with him from licr enchanting native land, and which she in vain tried to recall -to memory, for she Had left it at so early an age that she retained but a very faint recollection of it, and to lier its beauties _\vere almost ideal. She did not remem ber her mother at all; her father could never be induced to speak of her; and from the time' she first began to notice what was going on around her, she had .always felt inolined to cry when other children 6pnke of their, mothers, because she bad none herself. She was about three years of age whon the Countess 11. took her from Salerno on her journey home from Italy, accompanied by her father, who had at tended the noble family on a previous journey; and thenceforth Giuliana had never seen lier beautiful unknown native land. During tho two years, over which period their travels had extended, her infantine mind had opened considerably, and of that time she preserved many re miniscences. She bad always been a pot of the beautiful countess, and had travelled in the inside of the carriage with her and tlie two young counts Otto and Wilhelm, while her father, went outside with the- sorvants, -though lie .was by no moans nlways their com panion, for when the party arrived at inns in towns where they knew.no one, it was always Jaeger Franzesco , who, ^en livened them, and amused the whole party. Giuliana well remembered how the countess and both her sous had wept when her father, ten years back, took leave of them, and carried her, then only five years of ago, to the forest lodge at Sortie, while tho young counts, who were then nearly grown up, nccom- / .patried their invalid aud .'melancholy, mother to some German watering place- From that time, no year had passed over Giuliana's head without licr having received several kind and costly sou venirs — drosses and other gifts — from the countess. She always wore, how- ever, tliesimplo dress of a peasant girl, not toi seem peculiar or arrogant amongst lier neighbours,, and she looked much prettier, on Sundays, in licr knitted red sleeves and flowered bodice, than tho smartest country girls, who, instead of appearing in their national costume, awkwardly attempted »o sport what they thought fashionable atliro. It was only at weddings, and on other great occasions, that she drew forth' from licr stores some pearls, or other precious stores, to adorn herself; and occasionally wheu she was alone, or on her father's or licr own birthday, she could not resist the childish temptation to put on the pretty foreign garb which she knew was worn in her native coun try, and which, oopyiug from her fa ther's Italian pictures, she had amused herself by making up out of the foreign silks and other materials the bountiful countess had sent lier. Jmgar Franz had acquired more knowledge from his foreign travels than was usually possessed by men in his situation of life. He had been a great favorite of the deceased count, and had been treated by liim more as a friend than as a servant. Being the companion of so superior and well-informed a man as the count, had improved him greatly. Up to the last hour of tho count's life, Franz had been, next to the countess and their two children, his chosen asso ciate ; aud when, on his return from a .scientific tour in Sicily and the coasts of Barbary, ho was attacked by a fever at Naples, which put an end to his life, the countess, being at that time confined to her bed by illness, Franz was the only one from whoso hands ho would take" tho medicines .prescribed for him; and his last request to his wife was, that she would provide for the future days of his faithful Franz. The many foreign countries Franz had- . visited, and the intercourse in which. lie h.d so long lived with his superiors, had much improved liis mind and tastes, and lie was ablo .to give liis daughter a much 'better education .than the generality of country girls -could aspire to. . Italian Franz's pretty daughter was, therefore, well kuown over the whole district of Sortie, and the daughters of the principal burghers in the town did not -think it beneath them to visit her. If ever they I took upon themselves the least airs of superiority, sho soon put them -down in a gay aud seemingly whimsical manner. She was a favorite also among the peasant girls, and they were not a little proud that she generally classed herself amongst litem, notwithstanding hoc intimacy with the- daughters of the clergyman, aud ot her young ladies iti the neighbourhood. Within the last few months, however, her numerous young female friends had evinced a lukewaruincss towards her and she was left more to solitude in her father's somewhat lonely house; but if those of her own sex partly deserted her, the youug gentlemen of the neighbour hood, both those who belonged to town and country, began to pay much atten tion to the little Italian, who was now fifteen years of age, and had been con firmed .the last Easter. Franz had secretly embraced' Bonian Catholicism in Italy, but had not found it possible to avoid letting liis daughter be brought up in tho Lutheran religion, although inijher early childhood she had ilcarnt the Ave' Maria, and treasured the Holy Virgin and- all tho saints in her heart. ' In a small side-chamber in the forest lodge, .dp to which no one entered but tbo ' father and daugbter, """ there" hujig'ovcr a little domestio altur, made of oak-tree, a beautiful picture of the Queen of Heaven, before which a lamp burned day and night, and Giuliana never forgot to keep the lamp always trimmed, and to orna ment the little altar with fresh flowers on every festival day. Her father often retired to solitary meditation, or prayer, iu this little oratory ; but on ono par ticular day every year he looked himself in there for twenty-four hours, and always issued from it iu a state of great agitation, .and as pale as a corpso, ex hausted by fasting and earnest prayer. This was always ou the 2nd of November, All Souls' Day. Giuliana had once asked her father why lie kept that particular day 60 strictly, but' she never ventured to repeat the inquiry, she had been so frightened by the terribly withering look he cast upon her. There also lay an impene trable veil of mystery over her mother's fate, and the history of her own childish years, which she never dared to attempt to raise. She was always glad when her moody father seemed for a little while to forget the past and future. Ho also ap peared to enjoy these short intervals of forgetfulness, and many people thought him the gayest and happiest man breathing. However, whenever All Souls' Day approached, he avoided the society of liis fellow-beings, and plunged into the depths of the forest Digbt and day, apparently in quest of game; but lie frequently returned ou these occasions without having shot anything, and often without having onco discharged his gun. It was just such nn evening in the be ginning of October that Giuliana, iu her : loneliness, had taken out her dear Italian costume to please herself by putting it on, and perhaps amuse her father when lie earne homo. She was sitting with the silver ornaments in her dark hair, with tho rose-coloured bodice aud skirt of whieh she had read, and with the little pictures she loved so much before her, fancying herself amidst the charm ing scenes her imagination so often pour- trayed. It was late in the evening when she heard the sound of a horse's feet approaching, and observed that it bad- stopped at the paved pathway which led to. the house. She concluded it was her father, aud rose to meet liirn, whou the door opened, aud the young Count Otto cutcred, starting with astonishment at seeing the beautiful'Italian girlin an Danish forester's house. Ho did not . ikuo.wTLhftAs;ajwdtflwiag11<3i:avi.akcr.-Jor, never before had lie beheld any ono so lovely, and the southern costume rave to the charming Ggurc which -stood before liim an aif strangely fanciful and ro mantic. "Giuliana!" be exclaimed after a moment's reflection. " Yes, " you must To Giuliana herself ; and I am Otto," "he added— "the frolicsome little Otto, who teased you with bittororanges in tbo corner of the' carriage ten years ago." "Otto!" cried Giuliana, calling to mind the half-grown boy who used to be her playfellow, as she had often seen him in. her dreams of childhood. In her joy she had almo3t' thrown her. arms rouud his neck, but sho behold - a- handsome young man lie fore her, and drew back, blushing. " You have taken me by. surprise, count," she said, coloriug. still more deeply. " I was only a very little child when you last saw mc, aud' now you find me but a big child. I expected no ono but my father this evening, and this dress- — — ' " Becomes you admirably," inter rupted tlie count, "and transports mo back, as if by magic, to fair Italy. Do not thus cast your eyes down ; let mo sec if I can recognise my little pet of five years old again. Yes, tho eyes are the same ; but I must- not uow speak so familiarly to you, or call you ' my Giuliana,' as I did then." " And my little knight, Otto, with his wooden sword, which was to protect me from the brigands, has also disap peared," said Giuliana. " But tell me, count, what fortunate circumstance has recalled us to your recollection, that you should surprise us with a visit here, in our remote heritage." "I shall tell that to your father," re plied Otto, gravely. "He is- not at home, I find ; but do you not expect him back -this evening ?" " lie is out hunting in the forest," said GiuMana " Howcvor, I hope lie will .come home this evening; I have seen -very little of liim for sotno days past. But you must be tired after your long journey, and must require some 'refreshment. Please to make yourself at home here, Hcrr Count, and excuso my absence for a lew niiuutes; I will soon return." So saying, Giuliana tripped out of the room, and Count Otto sat down near tho table. . At first lie ob-erved nothing around liim ; lie could sec nothing but tho image of tlie beautiful Giuliana, wlio-liad.raadc a sudden and strong im pression upon Lira, wbioh, however, lie chose to ascribe to lier fanciful attire, aud the surprise of their first meeting. Nevertheless, lie almost forgot why lie had come, aud that his visit was more to ilio father than to tho daughter. But he now decided on remaining, a little tirao at Sorue. Carelessly glancing over tlie table, be observed some of tlie best travels in Italy that had ever been published, and lying ncqr tbcm, collec tions of engravings of the most remark able places, and of national costumes. Ho also saw some nicely-bound volumes, containing Tasso aud Ariosto iu their original language, and, ou a shelf against the wall, handsome copies of the old Danish tragedies, with selections from tho best Danish and foreigu poets. A small wooden crucifix, on which was placed a wreath of immortelles, stood on' a chest of drawers in au alcove, and at its feet lay an open Bible. Tho eouut. rose, and, approaching the recess, lie saw ' the curtain, which lie threw aside, when a small bed, on a pretty oaken bedstead in a corner, became visible. "Here, then, that lovely creature sleeps," thought he, " happy in her sweet innocent dreams : and sho has chosen very iutelloctual and refined company for her solitude. "Who would | have'ekpeeted'to fiiid sueira girl iu au i abode like this?" . At that moment a nice looking pea sant girl -entered, and began to arrango the table for supper; it was Giuliana, who had laid aside the foreign costume in which she had felt so embarrassed before the stranger. He thought she looked still mora charming in the simple, unpre tending peasant dress, but he did not wish to make her feel bashful by letting her sec liow much ho admired her. Ho questioned her about her father's cir cumstances, and her own position ; and then informed her of his mother's death, apiece of intelligence which made a much deeper impression on Giuliana's feeling heart than he could have antici pated. He himself was much nffcoted when he told of his bereavement ; but bis ex treme grief scemdd to bo caused by something moro than oven sorrow for her loss. As soon as they had recovered themselves a little the count took pains to avoid entering further on a subject so distressing to tbem both, and led the conversation towards those topics on which the various books of travels, scattered about, mado him think be could venture; He soon perceived how the dim, childish recollections in Giuli ani's excitable mind had been revived, and kept from fading away, 'by the beautiful engravings aud interesting works depicting the enchanting land of her birth, and how it was that she felt herself such a stranger in tho bleak North, ttnd louged so much to return to the sunny South. To her it appeared like a wonderful fairyland, where her brightest dreams and hopes were cen tred. Her father's fits of deep melan choly, and bis frequent uncontrollable bursts of ngonyjof soul — tho oause of which she could not fathom, and which she had no means of alleviating — often grieved her extremely. The complaint under which she. generally felt with liim, oven when lie was in good spirits, and unusually cheerful, contributed much to increase her longing, for .a change to a brighter land, and-jalso-to- tnake her contrast in her young mind the peace and happiness entwined amidst her childish recollections with her gloomy life iu the lonely forest lodge. She did not, however, express these scntiuients to the young count, or dwell upon her own feelings, but they were soon perceived by licr observant guest. He had begun to place before her some .pleasautec.prospcats fQr .tliQ... future,., aud had just mentioned thai ho knew a family who were soon going to Italy, aud that they were in want of a ladv companion, who would, tako charge of two little girls. He .was just speaking of this, and feeling in his own secret soul some dim, undefined hopes of agree able days to come, when the neighing of a horso' was heard close' by. Suddeuly the door was -opened; and a man en tered. in whom tlie count recognised the solitary hunter lie had seen noar the old tree in the forest, whose countenance had appeared so, dreadful to him in the pale moonlight. ' ' " My dear father,"' cried Giuliana, .springin j? forward to? m&et; him, " guess 'Whom I have to presiiuC to you ! Hush!" said she to Otto, " let us see if ho can find out wlio you are." "Otto, who had lieon standing in the shade,; now came forward towards the light which Giuliana held up near his face, and looked earnestly and in silence at Italian Franz. "What is the matter, father?" ex claimed Giuliana, "You have turned deadly palc—you seem to he seized with giddiness!" " Who art thou ?" criocl Franz, start ing back from Otto as if struck with sudden insanity. " If thou art a living being, speak! — speak— -and do not thus gaze like a spectre at me!" " Good Heaven, father, it is only Otto !" said Giuliana, anxiously, yet soothingly. " We take turns in being afraid of each other this evening," said tho count.' "For as I rode past you in the forest, Franz, ! took you for a spectre, or some awful apparition, and now you pay me the samo '- compliment, I sec. But how goes it, old Franz, and how are you?" " Very well, Ilerr Count — very well, thank you," said Franz. "I recognise you now by your voice, though it has, of course, become much deeper than when 1 hoard it last. So it was you who rode past mo down yonder, near the lake, upon that fiery horse ? I was standing wrapped up in my owu thoughts, when suddenly a horseman sprang forward from amongst the trees, and, passing nic in wild haste, vanished speedily from my sight. By the glimpse I had of liim, I thought liis face was not altogether un known to mc, but I should a3 soon have expected to liavo seen the Wild Hunts- man, or a ghost, as you, Ilerr Count." " Am I so. much ohanged?" asked tbo Count. "I can now quite recognise you again, Franz, although you certainly look a little older. And Giuliana's"Cyes shine like a pair of well remembered stars from my childhood's heaven. I belicvo I am aa tall as my father was, and I am thought very like him." " I can't sou any very strong resem blance," said Franz, turning away from liim. " But has the count had no re freshment, Giuliana? Move that light a little further off— it- hurts my eyes; sit down, Ilerr Count, and let us be merry. I have still a llask of old Syra cuse — wc shall empty that together to the health" of your mother, tho noble countess." "I wear this mourning for her,-' said Otto, suppressing his emotion. "Three mouths ago, at Topiitz, sho was released from her long-continued sufferings." "Dead!" exclaimed Franz, and covered liis face with liis hands. " You come, perhaps, Ilerr Count, as tho envoy of the dead, and bring mo a word of farewell ; or, more probably, she lias lat terly forgotten Jaeger Frauz. She has had no communication with mc for ten long years." " My dying motjier sent this ring to your daughter," said Otto, bunding to Giuliana a gold ring, with a little dia- inondcross on it. On . the .Inside of tbo ring was engraved, " Keep wateh over your soul, aud pray lor the dead." j " I have a few words to say to you, Frauz, when we are alone." " Go, my daughter, Sind fetch us some wine," said Franz, bending tho while a scrutinising look upon Otto, yet trying to appear quite at his ease, though a degree of nevvousness and anxiety in his countenance and demeanor proved that he was not so. Giuliana left tbo room ; and after a moment's silence, which seemed embar rassing to them both, Otto-took Italian Franz's hand, and said : < " You must solve an enigma for mo, which embitters my remembrance of ray mother's last hours. She suffered ex ceedingly, but I think not so much from bodily as from mental pain. In the last interview I had with her, when T hoped she would havo opened her mind to me, and have east off tho burden of some seoret sorrow which seemed to op press her heart, it was almost too late ; sho could scarcely speak, but she pro nounced your name, and said, in a trembling voice, 'Go to him, and ask him if that be true, about which I have never ventured to ask him, and which, for full fifteen years past, like a fright ful suspicion, lias haunted my soul — ask liim, for tho sake of my eternal salva tion, if — — " If what?" demanded Franz, spring ing up from his seat. "T— "could not understand another word ; she was dying, and her-spcech was very imperfect. Suddenly a con- V llsivc fit camo on, and in a moment she was gone. It is now, alas! too late ti obtain, for her peace, an answer to the mysterious question ; but for the S ke.of my own peace, I would claim it. Tell mo, Frauz, what is it you know, which made my mother so miserable on her death ted ?" " And did she really and truly say nothing more ?" nEkcd Franz, with a re lieved look. "Not nnother word. But you must tell me the rest." — " Thank your God that you have es caped hearing moro, Ilorr Count ! I will carry to my grave what I know ; it would bo good neither for you, nor for myself, were I to discloso it." " You shall, though," cried the count, grasping his short sword. " I will know it, or " " Act as you please, Hcrr Count," said Franz coldly, and without nppcar- , „iugJtftrVAa-the-loast..intimtaated by the threat "You would be doiog me a service bv putting an end to a life which I care not to hold ; but no power on earth shall wring from mc one word I do not choose to utter." The coolness of Franz checked the rising anger of the young man. " Forgive my impetuosity, Franz," he said, in a lower tone; your firmness and your calm demcauor put me to shame ; I have no right to insist on any expla nation from you. But I shall remain for a little while in this neighbourhood; we shall, probably, meet often, nnd when you are convinced of the great im portance it is to mo to discover what you now think advisable to conceal, per haps you will change your determina tion." "I doubt that," replied Franz. "If you were a holy priest, Hcrr Count, nnd belonged to the true Church, in which alone salvation can be . found, hut which is proscribed hereabouts, it would be an other tiling." "Is it then a" matter of conscience, Franz, about which my mother " Think what you will of me, Hcrr Count, but do not implicate your mother ! Whatever she may have fancied, and whatever account I may have to render to Him who will judge every soul, aud the actions of every being, at the great day of doom — for the sake of your own peaee of mind seek not to dive into tlie mystery of my gloomy fate ; enough that it easts a dark shadow over my lii'e\ For Giuliana's sake, let me also entreat yqu to keep this conversation secret from her, and if you do not wish to destroy the childish simplicity and peace of that un fortunate girl, leave us as soon as you possibly can, -that she may not witness such scenes between you and myself." " I have a plan in regard to Giuliana, Franz, which I shall tell you to-morrow. To-night I do not feel in spirits to enter on the subject. Farewell ! " So saying, the young count left him, anil when Giuliana entered -shortly after with the wine, she found lier father alone, and asked why Count Otto had gone away in such a hurry, aud without even bidding lier farewell. " He had business to attend to, my child;' replied her lather ; " hut he in tends to remain at Sortie to-night, and lie will pay us another visit before lie goes away." " \\\ hat ! is he going away so soon e sighed Giuliana. " I thought lie meant to have stayed some time among us." " Have you, then, much pleasure in the thought of seeing him, my daughter?" asked Franz. ' Oh yes, yes ! lso is my dear old play fellow, and it seems to mc ns if we had always known each other. If he had hot been so tall, aud also a count, a noble man of high rank, I would actually have embraced him when lie came in so sud denly, and told me he was little Otto." " Never forgot, my child, to behave to him with the respectful distance which becomes the difference between his situa tion aud oui-s," said Frauz, gravely, aud fell into a gloomy mood. (To be con el ided in our next.) A Menagerie in a Fix.— Tho tra velling collection of wild beasts known as Edmonds' — an offshoot of Wouibwell's — has met with hard faro down in tho frosty north. Some years ago, Georgo Newcomhe, a Chelmsford man, was en listed in the troupe of attendants as a lion tamer, and ho writes that they have just escaped from a three weeks' bivouac in the snow in the midst of Middleton Moor. The caravans stuck fust in the drifts of this bleak region, with not a villiugc near within ten miles, unable to dis tinguish tho road from the wild moor, and with mountains of snow about them.. The horses were takcn;;off and secured iu the barn qf a little farm two miles distant, which they were twelve hours in reaching ; hut otherwiso men and beasts were left in a state of starvation. At length some adventurous forager made his way through the snow drift, discovered a house, and having secured some oatmeal returned and ohccrcd the hearts of the famishing with liot porridge. Great hard ships wore endured before a thaw brought liberation and relief ; and many of tho beasts died from cold and want of meat. Only three of the performing lions were left ; but the writer states that young ones have been procured and brought into trainiug to supply tho places of the defunct. — Chelmsford Chronicle. Mons Meg. — In the concluding lecture on Friday evening, in the Philosophical Institution, Edinburgh, on ' Early Soot - tish History and Literature,' some par ticulars were given by Mr Carruthers, of Inverness, relating to that ' Mother of the Guns,' Mons Meg. The preponder ance of evidence, lie said, was in favour of the great gun having been made in this country, although tho historians all assigned it to Flanders. James I. had a large peice of ordnanco made in Flan-' ders, and shipped at .Bruges for Scotland in 1430, but this was expressly stated to be a brass gun. In 1452-3 mentioned is made of the 'Great Bombard' and her stone bullets. Iu 1445 this gun was used at the siege of Aberoorn, striking down several of the towers, and which, it is stated, ' a Frenchman shot right weel, and failed nae shot within a fathom where it was charged liim to hit.' In the same year we havo an account of the expense inourrcd by carrying the great bombard to -the Castle of Thrievc, Galloway. In 1473 we find James III. having guns cast in Scotlaud. He sent to Haddington, Perth, and Dunkeld for . metal, and to Perth for clay. The first mention of Mons by name occurs iu' the year 1489, when thegun was senton to Dumbarton ; and nine years afterwards a new cradle was made for lier at St Leonard's, where she then lay. Various other notices appear. Mons was covered with eight ells of canvass, painted by Sir Thomas Galbraitli. She was decked with ribands, and minstrels played before herj then, by order of the King, she was rolled along the High Street amidst plaudits and benedictions. When the unfortu nate Mary Queen of Scots was married to Francis the Dauphin of France, Mons Meg was, amidst other loyal and joyous , .demonstrations, .fired , jm JtheL occasion. 