THE CITY CORONER'S DEPARTMENT. 71-i.ow will be found a table of Botarn-, «bowing* the number of ia-rucsta that bave been held within the olly and district of 8Tdr>ey by tho City Coroner (Mr. J. 8. Farter), duiiog the. quartorending or« Saturday last, 3Ut Maroh. This tablo ropro centf, under a classified arrangement, the certified causo cf death ; aleo tbo sex and approximato age, together with tho lumber of paupers und confíneos, on whoso bodies inqueits havo ,fc. en hc.'d wt'.bin the timo stated, tbe returns being- compiled from t " City CoroDcr'a records. Toe »umber of inquests (71) hold during tbo quirter ia eon »lder«b|T above the average of several previous quarters, thourh st exhibit» a decrease of 16 in the number held during the quarter immediately preceding. For tho corresponding quarter of 1857, thero wcro 58; for the oorrosponding Wï.c'.ï IM8 there were 6I> and {or ,no corresponding quarter of 1859 there -wcro 63. Though tho number of inquests stated to »ave Ken held during the past quirter is 71, the total number of Prisons whoso death» formed subjects for investigation was 75. This apparent discrepancy is explained by tho fact that where .violent deaths overtake two or moro persons nt the samo time, and under the pairie eiroumstanccs, an inquest on. one of the bodies is deemed lufliricnt. Thus, in the tbrco mv3i prominent drowning oases that occurred In tho quarter-tho accidental drowning of the Treevcs off Cockatoo Islnnd, tho drowning of the Horners at Coogee, and tho drowning of tho FarfUta elf Potts' Point-but ono inquest in each ense was held. Of the 71 innucets, 33 wcro held in January, 22 in Vcbiunry, and 10 in March. Three of tbo Inquests were on the Wlies of oorsone who originally arrived in tho colony as prisoners of iho Crown. Ti ere aro no very remarkable featurrB in the pro«cnt return*. . Happily there has been no murder in tho city or district, in the quarter ever which tbo returns extend, and but one ouse of min slaughter. When we say ono, we arc, of course, awaro of the »eocnt committal arising out of what the coroner's jury w.'ro pleased to consider «n occident, but as it is with tho coroner's de- partment wo have now to do, wo havo adhered in every cdBO lo Hi" Mrdicts given Vy bis jurioB. The roturns show a considerable decrease In tho number of in qutsis held on children dcBorted by their parents (under tho Tarions heads of " child desertion," " bad nursing" and " in Jamile"), compared with tho number during tbo previous quarter : still the nun'ber of children who cither die from neg 3oct,or immediately after birth aro thrown into street-and vaoant pieces of ground, is frightfully large. With regard to thnt prolific sourco of disease and death-in- toxicating liquor-thero havo bcon fewer cases directly traoo ai.e to that came during tho last quarter than for ? Jfral quortirs preceding. It will bo teen from tho subjoined , tibie that one pcrtcn enly died from delirium tremtns, and six from some resultant discose or occident. It should bo stated, however, that deaths in four cases attributed to other causes *. Suicide by strangulation," " serous apoplexy," " cerebral con jcstioD," and " effusion of tho brain"-wcro indirectly attri feutahle to intemneranoe in drink. It may not be uninteresting to stato that the total nntnbor of ??" Mf ? examined at tho eev<mty-one inquests was 321 ; ol theso 268 could write their names, and flfty-threo could not. CiMmiD CAUSB or DEATH. " Mandaoghter : By careless liding . Child desertion ...... . Bad nursing . Druse ramees: Extauslion, fiom delirium \- tremens . Resultant disease or accident Atvoi hy, inanition or exhaus- tion : By diocare ., ""., By.arterial htrnorrbage. Infantile . found drowned . Suicides : By wounding ""*,; ;,".. By poisoning . By .trangnlation. Accidents : Asphyxia by drowning . By «booting . By burning . By («aiding ...", By falls...... .I.; By being crashed. By the upsetting of a dray... By falling into a cesspool ... sudden deaths : Cerebral congestion . Effusion of the brain . Serons apoplexy . Spileptio fit. Deasee of the heart Inflammation of the bowels. Tetanus. Over-feeding . Visitation of God. Ordinary or natural causes. Totals 7llS4|W|lO|lO| 0| 8|11110]10| 3|l8 8 ORDINATION SERVICE.-A public service waa held yos teraoy evening in the WeBleyan Church, York-street, for the purpose of setting apart to the work ot the Christian Ministry t^e following persons, who had been admitted l-l to full connexion wilh the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, and were appointed to circuits in Kew South Wales and Queensland :-Theophüus Beaizley, ?William Curnow, James W, DOWSOB, William Fiddler, and William J. Mayne ; and also Levi Ilarrlson, who had ar- rived from England to proceed to the Fiji mission. After singing and praj er, the President of the Conference (the Rev. J. Eggleslon) conducted the ordination service in ac- cordance, with the usages of t*-« Wesleyan Methodist Church. ' After reading several passages of Scripture appropriate to the occasion, the prescribed series of qnes*' tlor.s, touching their call to the work pf the Christian Ministry, and their determination to fulfil its obligations, ITere put to and satisfactorily answered by the six candidates. A few moments having been set apart to silent intercessory prayer, the President gave in turn to each of the candidates a copy of the Testament, and the formal charge to receive the Holy Ghost and to be faith- ful to the trust committed to them. The sacrament of tke lord's Supper was then administered to them, as well as to the other ministers present. After n hymn had been fvng end prayers c/l'ered by the Rev. Messrs. Hesse] and Ironside, tho President delivered an addreBS to the six ministers, eLforcing first the Imperative necessity of thoir maintaining personal piety, not only for the promotion of their own happiness hut for the successful performance of their spiritual engagements ; urging them*^ aleo tb aim at personal profit in all their social engage- ment?, lest these should degenerate into mere oilicial wor- ship. They were also commended to the constant ac- quisition of religious intelligence, and to the preservation ef a s'ngle holy a'm In all their pulpit ministrations, avoid- ing the disposition to p'ease rather than to profit. They would have many temptations to personal display, but they must hear in mind that they were to be God's ambassadors, and also intercessors with God on behalf of the people of their charge. Conscientious attention to their pastoral duties was also urged, with thorecollectionof the great end of their ministry. After a short appeal to the congregation for their sjmpathy and prayers on btihall'of his rainister irg brethren, Hie President stated that the mission vessel now in Sidney vv*s likely to uait the Fijis shortly after ti e arrival of the next EngllBh mail. The service termi- nated with the usual devotional exercises. CORONER'S INQUESTS.-The City Coroner held two inquests jestcrday. The first at the Ship Inn, Kent street, on the body ol a man named Joseph Shakespeare, aged fifi v-five years. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased had of Jato obtained his livelihood by hawking fruit ; he hud ocenpied the room in which he died for «bout a month previous to his death ; on last Friday morning he complained of his throat being sore, and that being sick, he should be nnable to go to the market ; he remained indoors all that day and the next); at two o'clock on Saturday afternoon he said, in reply to an enquiry con- cerning his health, that he was no better, and asked for some tea ; tea was given biro, but he could not swallow it ; at Beven o'clock on Sunday evening he was found lying in his bed in a dying «tate ; be expired about two hours afterwards. Dr. Woodcock examined the body after death, and did not observe anything to indicate that' the man had died from other than natural canses. Vedriot, natural causes. The deceased originally arrived in the colony as a prisoner of the Crown, and had been here thirty-four years.-Another inquest was held at the Coroner's Office, yesterday, and was concerning the death or a man named Jacob C. Chase. The deceased was third officer of the whaling ship Mary, of Nautuoket, having joined her in Honolulu, in June last. He appeared to ez joy good health till within a few days of his death. On the early part of last week he first complained of pain, and . tras confined to his bed. The captain applied to the .American Consul, and got an order for the man's removal to the Infirmary, which was done on Saturday last. While the deceased was being removed in a cab to the Infirmary, lie said to a clerk of tbe United States Consulate, that he had received an injury by being jammed by a cask against s rail some months ago. When admitted into the Infirmary he was partially insensible, and was evidently fast ap- proaching his death. He was suffering from irritative ftver, brought on by the injuries he had received, and ex Îired-about nine hours after admission into the Infirmary. Ir. Robertson, under whose treatment the man was placed on his admission into the Infirmary, made an ex- ternal and post mortem examination of the body after death, and found on different parts of the body several braises and swellings, also slight injuries on both hands The in- terior of the stomach was congested, the kidneys and liver wero softened ; the swellings alluded to appeared to be the result of violonce AB of bruises. The interior of the chest was much congested ; it was Dr. Robertson's im- pression that the man could not have worked (as it would appear from the evidence of other witnesses) -with the injuries described. In explanation as to the canse of the injuries, it was stated by one of the witnesses that the deceased, while a seaman on board a ship called the Sphinx, was «reeked on Elbow Island, in the sea of Okhotsk, and that the shipwrecked Beaman-had to stay on the island till the Ka -as frozen over, when they travelled over it to a Eusian settlement, a ten days' journey, and that the bardiblr/i the deceased was then subjected to were the »redisposing canse of the injuries described. The deceased W4B áBAmerlcan by birth, and was twenty-nine years of sure/ Vtrdlst-"We find that the deceased died from irritative fever, caused by iejuries, but how these injuries -ere wceived do not appear, and we look upon the case «s one of great s-picion," v.._ BICTIMOHF. 15th March, from ertlosed land; damage l»!i-B?y mm, WÓ over S off shoulder. WiU bejold Hth April. Bcoiïï-ailhMMoh. Bay mare, Y off shoulder, K over W »eaTiboWcr, PP near n,ck; black filly at foot, unbranded. 22ndM««!bs Dark grey nor*, like 3L over GG and JC under îipr tpoulder. Wi»be «old Î3rû April. PLOUGHING MATCH.-The ploughing match, in connection with the Hunter River Agricultural and Iloiticultural Society, took place on Friday in Mr. D. Diekson's paddock, Bolwarra. "The weather being everything that couid be desired, though very warm, a number of persons were assembled at an early hour. At nino o'clook the ploughing commenced, and terminated at three. Fourteen competitors were entered, but only twelve carne to the field ; of these, ten were horse and two bullock teams. The ground was in excellent condition. The judges-Messrs. Ö. S. Yeo, Willard, and John Portus, sen.,-came to the ground at half-past three o'clock, and immediately proceeded to examine the work. The ploughing was considered so good that it was with some difficulty the judges anived ata decision. In the meantime the competitors and others sat down to an excellent lunch, provided by Mr. JohnBluford.of the Butchers' Atms Inn, to which they all did ampie justice. Great satisfaction was expressed with the proceedings of the day. On the return of the judges, Mr. Yeo announced the names of the successful competitors. Mr. A. J. Doyle at once distributed the prizes ; and said he regretted to sec BO few ploughmen present, as he considered this kind of exhibitions of great benefit to a district ; he was also sorry that there was ne com petitoisfor the prize under eighteen ycaTs of age ; he wns well awnre that there were many able to plough at that age in this colony. He hoped the society would increase annually, and thus extend its benefits. Mr. Bowden said he hoped all would be satisfied with what the judges had done, and he proposed a vote of thanks to them, which was carried with acclamation. The prizes wore awarded to the following persons : Horse teams: George Tucker, first prize, ft. William Want, second prize, £3. Joseph Hoskins, third prize, £2. .'William Vickery, fourth prize, £l. Bollock tennis : Henry Reeves, first prize, £3. Jesse Smith, second prize, .£2. Three cheers were givra for Mr. Doyle, Mr. G. Yindin, nnd Mr. H. Vindin, and this terminated the proceedings.-Maitland Mercury. 