BRAIDWOOD. [TROU OUR COltllESrOXDr/NT.] JUNE ÜO.-Several accidents have lately occurred here, some-of them nearly provins; fatal. While working in a tulumi, at Lower Araluen, a digger nar- rowly escaped being crushed to deatli by the falling of the earth on him. Luckily he got off with a frac- ture in his leg. The poor lollow was subsequently brought to the Braidwood Hospital, where his liait» had to be amputated by Drs. Codrington and Beer. Although his life was for a time despaired of, he id now in a fair way of recovery. Two carriers on their up journey from Nelligen, fell from their dray while cross- ing Cooper's Creek, and the wheel passed over thom, Owing, however, to the softness of the ground, they both escaped with their lives ; but one had two of hw ribs broken, and a fracture in the collar bono ; tha other, a severe bruise on his leg. On Wednesday last a man was seriously injured by the falling of et tree on the new road that is being made between Braidwood end Cooma. He is at present lying in. a very dangerous state. Some new diggings have lately been discovered in the immediate neighbourhood of Braidwood, on the Shoal- haven river, about four miles from town. A regular rush has taken place, and some people are donur very well. For part of four days' work, two men, not much used to hard labour, have secured, with a | cradle, three ounces four pennyweights and twenty grains of gold. On" Jemicumbene a great deal of the precious metal is being obtained ; a rumour was I spread that one company had got twenty pound» weight in one week. I know, as a fact, of one party of three having washed out twenty-two ounces. At | Araluen gold is being obtained in pounds weight ; fresh claims are being opened weekly, and more will soon procure a return to their speculating owners. Two rich leads are now known to exist on Crown. I Flat, and in the narrow parts of the Valley the creek I is as remunerative as ever : the hills are also pouring forth their treasures to the persevering miners. | Trade continues lather dull in town, where few strange faces are now to be seen. It is greatly feared that some of the late failures in Sydney will have a baneful influence here. Mr. Vider reports having sold by public auction an. allotment of land, situated in Braidwood, and contain- ing 1 rood 21 perches, having 66 feet frontage to> Monkitee-street, for £71, to Messrs. Webb and Horne. Also, one- half acre of land in the village of Monga, having 66 feet frontage to Clyde- street, for sE12 lös., to Mr. Thomas Forsyth. These prices were con- sidered very satisfactory. The attendance was fair I and the bidding spirited. The weather is very fine during the day and frosty at night. SYDNEY PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.- An appeal is made in our advertisement columns, by the committee of this society, to the members of the orchestra, re- questing them to attend, this evening, at the Ex- change, to meet Mr. Douglas Callen, the talented band master of the 12th Regiment, who has most kindly consented to undertake the conductorship of the first concert of the society for this season. This appeal is also most earnestly pressed upon the atten- tion of any amateurs competent to perform on any musical instrument, in the hope that they may be in- duced to come forward and strengthen the orchestra for the next occasion. The list of the performing members already includes one of the leading member» of the Bar of New South Wales and several gentle- men holding most respectable positions, and it ia to be hoped that others may be found who, shaking off the natural unwillingness that many feel to put themselves prominently forward, will lend their talents for the gratification of the numerous audiences that usually attend these concerts. Mr. CaUen|s talent as a conductor is well known, and, under his auspices, we look forward to the first concert of the society in expectation of a very great musical treat. The old performers, and any new candidates who may be willing to offer their services, will meet at half-past seven o'clock. CORONER'S INQUESTS.-The city coroner held two inquests on Saturday. The first at the Antrim Arms. Cook's River Road, on the body of a man named Edwaid Johnston, aged fifty-one years. The de- ceased was employed by Mr. Thomas Holt, of New- town, and on Friday last was engaged with a horse and cart removing stones from Cook's River to New- town; at a little before twelve o'clock in the forenoon the horse, while proceeding along the road, started off, and the deceased, who was at the back part of the cart, was observed getting to the front part as if to get hold of the reins. In attempting this he lost his balance, fell off, and ene of the wheels passed over his body; he was immediately taken up and conveyed to the Antrim Arms Inn, and Dr. Ward called in, but all efforts to revive the injured man were in- effectual-he expired about an hour after the accident occurred. The deceased was un- married, came from London, and had been many years in the colony. Verdict-Died from the effects of falling from his dray. -The other inquest was held at the gaol at Darling- hurst, and was on the body of a confinée woman named Julia Jones, aged forty years. The deceased was received into the gaol on the 18th May, sentenced to three months' imprisonment for being an idle and disorderly person. She had been in gaol on two pre- vious occasions for similar offences. Since she was last received she complained of palpitation of the heart, and pains in the chest; for this she had been placed under medical treatment; on Friday night she complained to one of her fellow prisoners of unusually severe pains; a female turnkey was called, and the sufferer was removed to the hospital, where she expired a few minutes after removal thither. Verdict-Died from disease of the heart. I MURRURUNDI.-On Thursday last a woman of most intemperate habits, named Brennan, residing at Wallabadah, fell into the fire while in a state of in I toxication. Her husband, who was in a similar Btate, was for a time unable to assist her; the consequence was, she is burned in a most fearful manner, and is now in a most precarious state.-On Tuesday last, as Mr. W. Palmer, of the General Washington, Sydney, - was_ crossing the _ Liverpool Range, on route to his station, Mon Devil, the axletree of the dog- cart was broken in two. The broken vehicle was taken back to Murrurundi and repaired, and the next day Mr. Palmer again started on his journey, when, strange to say, in the exact spot where the accident occurred the day before, the cart was turned over and broken. Mr, Palmer, who was thrown out, escaped with only a few bruises.-A subscription is on foot for the pur- pose of paying the prospecting party who have been some days endeavouring to see if gold canbe got in pay- ing quantities at the Page.-A woman named Wrank more, the wife of a shepherd residing at Kangaroo Flat, has charged her husband with the crime of rapa and incest. The child is only six years of age. The man has this day been apprehended by warrant, and will be examined to-morrow at the police office. Correspondent Maitland Mercury. _ IUE RINO FINGER.-In the ancient ritual of mar- riage^ the ring was placed by the husband at the top of the- thumb of the left hand, with tho words, " In the natte of the Father ;" he then removed it to the forefinger, adding, " and of the Son ; " then to the middle finger, adding, " and of the Holy Ghost;" finally he left it as now, on the forth finger, with the closing word, "Amen."-Notes and Queries. Du. JOHNSON AND THE Arn ES.-When .1 called about two months ago, I by the fireside, before which a few apples were laid. He was rending. I asked him what boofke had got. He said the " History of Birmingham." Local histories, I observed, were generally dull. " It ia true, ' i " sir : but this has a peculiar merit with me ; for I í passed some of my early years and married my wife there." I supposed the apples were preparing as medicine. " Why, no, sir ; I believe they are only there because I want something to do. These are some of the solitary expedients to which, we are driven, by sickness. I have been confined this-week Fast; and here you find me roasting apples, 8>ud reading the ' History of Birmingham.' "-Life of Edmund Malone^ Editor of Shakspere. By Sir Jamti Friojr.M.Il.LA* f.8.4,,S(0, ja , .'j. j,.r 