HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. Septehbee s. Tbe Speaeeb took the chair at half -past 1 o'clock. LACEPEDE BAT. Mr. A. BLTTH, pursuant to notice, moved— 'That the petition presented by him relating to Lacepede Bay, be printed.' Although he could not say he intended to take immediate action, he intended to take action At a future time. The motion was carried. THE 'HANSARD.' Mr. MAG AREY rose to move the motion standing in his name — 'That, in the present state of the finances of the colony, it is not expedient to renew the contract for printing the Parliamentary Reports.' In doing so it was needless, he said, to remind hon. members ot the present low state of the financial affairs of thecolony. They were new in a very depressed state, and his opinion wasj they would be much worse. (Treasurer— 'No, no.') The hon. the Treasurer said 'no,' but he believed they would be worse. At All events the land revenue of the colony was not in a .satisfactory state, and as the House had made economy the order of tbe day, as motions were made to re duce the Governor's salary, and -as the Ministers had con sented to reduce their salaries ? The SPEAKER called the hon. member to order, as he was not confining himself to the question before tbe House. He must not allude to previous debates. Mr. IIAGAEEY did not wish to infringe tbe rules of the House, but he was not aware he was out of order in referring to facts of a previous part of the session to illustrate his state ment. Those facts showed that the Government viewed the present financial position of the colony with a degree of anxiety, and many useful motions for .the improvement of the roads of the colony had been rejected because there were no funds, and he thonght it a pity they should be placed in a position to practise retrenchment In snch works as these. Amongst other useful items they had been, obliged to negative was the 600/. for the Mechanics' Institute and the Museum; he thought it was a great pity .they should be obliged to economise upon such institutions. He- wonld much rather they should economise in the printing of the Parliamentary reports, because he wished to make the colony as attractive as be could, and such institutions as those were most necessary and desirable, especially to the native born population, which was increasing rapidly, and by those institutions would have opportunities of improving their minds and gaining useful knowledge. The TREASURER rose to order. The hon. memijcr was discussing quite a different matter to that before the House. Mr. MILNE submitted that the hon. member was quite in order, as be was stating facts to shew the financial state of tbe colony in connection with this contract. The TREASURER rose to order, and reminiXed the Speaker that he had previously ruled the hon. member for West Torrens to be out of order in referring to the Gover nor's salary. The SPEAKER said there was a certain latitude which should be allowed to the hon. member in speaking upon the finances of thecolony, bat be hoped he would keep as closely to tbe question as he could. Mr. MAG ARE Y repeated it was not his intention to infringe on the rules of the House, but he thought their being obliged to forego the expenses of establishing a museum, showed that the finances of tbe colony were notin a very satisfactory state; and while such was the case, he thought that the ex pense of printing the Parliamentary reports could well be dispensed with. It was an expense which the colony did .without before, and it was only within the last two years, when the present contract was entered into, that it was thought to be necessary. At that, time, however, the finances of thecolony were in a more flourishing state. He did not wish to cast any reflection upon those who originated the system, hut he thought they ought not to perpetuate it In the colony of Victoria, with a popu lation so much in excess of ours and with greater wealth, they bad managed to do without authorised reports till the last session, and he thought we could well do without, for this colony had two established and respectable newspapers, and therefore hon. members .need not fear but that they wonld be well reported, because the compe tition between the two papers would secure that He would say that he had no personal interest in the matter, and had nothing to complain of in the reports, for although he might have lost something occasionally in some of the reports of tbe proceedings of the House, he was quite willing to be content, because on other occasions he had gained quite as much— (laughter),— and he would further say that although on some occasions bon. members bad complained that they could not hear him, yet be always found the reporters could hear what he said. It was not against the present contractors that he made the motion, but against therenewalof the contract which would of course be exposed to competition. He thought the great majority of the House would go with him, except, perhaps, some of those hon. members who got so much for their money by making long speeches- and seeing them in print — (laughter)— for; instance, the hon. member for Barossa ; but he did not think that hon. members should put the country to the expense of reporting his long speeches about lapdogs. (Laughter.) Mr. COtiLUT rose to oppose the motion. He was actuated by no personal feeling, but he thought it was most important that every publicity should be given to the speeches spoken in that House. He thought it very rigorous that parties should not have access to thedebates of the House-fOH, Oh)— and that it was very hard that such a motion should be tabled. If the House passed the motion he thonght it was time that they got into obscurity altogether. (Loud laughter.) Mr SANTO was sorry to vote against tbe motion. He was not in the habit of speaking against time, making long speeches with a view to having them published; but he be lieved that the hon. member for West Torrens did not see the importance of publishing thedebates. That publication was a wholesome restraint upon members, as it tended to prevent them repudiating their sentiments. There was sometimes great difficulty to keep members to their pledges ; and if the publication of the ' Hansard ' ceased there would be no such check. He believed the publication of the ' Han sard' had a wholesome effect in keeping bon. members to their pledges. (Hear.) It might be said that the ages of hon. members were a sufficient guarantee 'that they would not say anything which was improper, but the follies of men did not cease with their youth, and they bad instances of old grey beaded men being as full of vanity aa young ones He thought the debates should be published, as it had the effect of keeping hon. members within bounds. He certainly would oppose the motion of the hon. member, because he did not see any argument in what be bad said to induce him (Mr. Santo) to vote with him. It did not follow that because they could not afford to expend 600?. extra upon the hospital, that' they 'should not afford the amount for publishing the debates of Parliament, It was the opinion of many hon. members that the Institute had received more than its share of the public money— (hear)— and his opinion was that all such institutions would flourish belter without Govern ment assistance— (hear)— because when people, whose duty it was to assist such institutioas, knew the Government wonld provide funds, they held back ; and he believed that if the Institute was left alone by the Government it would receive a larger amount of support from the public at large. He hoped the hon. memberjwould withdraw his motion, ashe should be very sorry to see it pressed to a division. The TREASURER said the Government could not blame the hon. member lor bringing this measure forward ; on the contrary, they were obliged to him, as it would give them an opportunity of ascertaining the feelings of the House on the question. (Hear.) He would inform the House, that the contract to which the motion referred terminated on the first of next July ; and if the present motion was carried, the effect would be, that with regard to the next session of Par liament some of its proceedings would be reported, and some not; and therefore he was glad tbe motion had been made, because the Government had an opportunity for an expres sion of opinion-. The hon. member said the present state of the colony was bad, and he put the present stateof thecolony as theground for refusingaluture vote— (hear) — but It might be possible that when they met next year, ihe finances of the colony would be such as to warrant the* House in. passing the vote. He could not agree with the hon. member that the present state ofthe colony was eo gloomy; and that it was likely to be worse. The hon. member bad also alluded to the fact of certain motions having been tabled, and refused, as a con vincing proof that the finances of thecolony were in a bad state ; but he, the Treasurer, knew from experience that when the estimated revenue was actually exceeded by the expenses, many motions for further grants were tabled, and very properly refused ; and he had no doubt that if the revenue were doubled, some hon. member wonld table a motion which would be refused, because all the revenue was appropriated. He believed it bad never happened before, that the Treasurer had to bring forward a. heavy deficit In their Ways and Means. He might add that tbe contract for printing the ''Hansard' would not be very profitable, and that it was a matter of indifference to the contractors so far as they were concerned, whether It was renewed or not, and if hon; member* would be content to take their chance of being reported without the 'Hansard,' tha-e would be no difficulty in the way. He believed, however, the ' Hansard' ' was most desirable to be continued for the sake of the con stituencies, that they might see in what manner their repre sentatives voted, ana as a record of their sayings and doings in the House. It had been said that as there were two news papers, that there would be no necessity for the ' Hansard,' because the spirit of competition would induce both papers to report well up. In reference to that he might say that though only one paper got the contract, the full reports which it published compelled the other to keep up propor tionately, and so tbe House got the benefit of it. f Hear.) Ho would only ear that as tbe contract expired in July next, it was possible only a half ol the next Parliamentary proceedings would be reported If tbe motion was carried ; he woald, therefore, ask for aa expression of opinion from b«n. jnembers in the matter, for. the guidance of the Govern ment. . ? ? . ' Mr. GLYDE confessed he felt a little difficulty in voting for the motion, though he was as much a friend to economy as the hon. the mover. Under the circumstances he would move the previous' question, and leave the decision to the Government He was sore that hon. members would give him credit for being a» anxious to conomise the funds of the colony as any one, but he thought the. published reports of the debates were very useful, especially with reference to the members of tbe Go vernment, in keeping them op to their promises. (Hear.) The hon. the mover had said that as there were two news papers, hon: members would be well reported; and the Treasurer had said that long reports appearing in one of tbe papers kept the other well up. But if there was not one paid and authorised report, all the reports might be very much cut down. He therefore hoped the contract woald be con tinued, and he believed that next session the Treasurer would be in a position to tell them that the contract was taken at a reduced price. The hon. member for the Port, Mr. Coglin, he thought had taken a wrong view about tbe reports. He seemed to imagine that if the motion was carried the re porters would be excluded from the gallery. (Hear, hear.) Bnt this was not the object of the motion, nor would it have such an effect. The reporters would still attend whenever they pleased ; and whenever any debate took place which they considered interesting they would report it and if they considered it uninteresting they would probably omit ft altogether. (Hear.) He could not support the motion, because as he had said, he considered the publication of the debates useful, and especially to remind the Government of their promises, as it was recently illustrated in the case of the late Commissioner of Public Works end the Government cottage. (Hear.) With those views he felt bound to move the previous auesKon. . Mr. TOWNSEND seconded the motion for the previous question. He could not agree with the hon. member for West Torrens as to the financial condition cf the colony, for there was nothing In the commercial situation of the colony to justify the remark that tbe times were exceedingly bad, and that they would be worse. Speaking from his own experience, although there were cases where merchandize was sacrificed by being forced into the market it was not the general character of the mercantile transactions ofthe colony. There were hon, members la that House connected with the banks, and he would appeal to them to say whether at any time within their experieneeengagement* were better met than at the present time ; and if they referred to the Local and Insolvent Courts they would see that since 1850 there never had been fewer cases in those Courts- He con sidered tbe state of those two Courts was a fair test of the mercantile position of the colony, which was in a sou ad state, and with regard to the threatened exodus of the people, he saw no cause to anticipate an exodus. With re gard to discontinuing the. ' Hansard,' . he did not consider there was any necessity for bo doing, and would ask. hou. members if they did not every day see the importance of having their proceedings faithfully recorded? These reports furnished a vast amount of information which was most valuable to hon. members. With regard to the contract, it could not be broken, and if it extended to next session the work must be continued through It, and what was done after the specified time must be paid for pr - rota. As to tbe manner in which tbe 'Hansard' had been con ducted, he must say it was not equal in correctness to what it was last year. In that day's paper, in reporting the pro ceedings of tbe previous day, there was a mistake respecting bimBelf. In following the bon. member for Barossa he was made to aay 'that it was evident that the hon. member had gone as far «s be could with his story, and bad left the House to imagine the rest' Whereas, what he did aay was 'be feared the lady had not sacked out all the taint, tor there seemed to ba some still left in the system of the hon. member.' (Cries of oh, ob.) Speaking of the contract, he wonld say that he did not believe full .and accurate reports of the proceedings could be done for 1,3001. a. year. His own idea was that it should, be done after the style of the British Parliament He believed the present contractors for the ' Hansard ' wished to do their best in giving full and accurate reports, bnt his opinion was that they could not do so at the present price, and that it could not be done under 2,600J. a year. He argued that the House should have full and verbatim reports of their proceedings. With regard to the time when the present system originated, it was at the time of the collision of the two Houses, and it was considered important to have careful reports. With regard to the one paper keeping the other up to tbe mark, he believed the House had nothing todo with that The ' Hansard ' he con sidered most valuable to tbe members when they went to face their constituents, as they could appeal to that work to satisfy them that they had carried out their duties satis factorily. The House had granted copies ofthe ' Hansard' to the Mechanics' Institutes, and he could say there was no part ofthe world where the Parliamentary proceedings were more read than in this colony ; but big idea was that they should be full and accurate reports. Mr. N. BLTTH would support the motion of the hon. member for West Torrens, and he thought his reasons in regard to economy were soucd, and that the House should act in the matter just as a private individual would do when he found there was a necessity to reduce his ex penditnre. And as a private individual would first ask himself what part of his expenses could be most easily dispensed with, so the House should do, and if it was found that they could do without the Parlia mentary reporting, he thought they were bound to save that expense. 1 he question appeared to him to lie in a very small compass, for all that the constituencies needed was to have a record of the attendances and votes of their repre sentatives, and that information was always supplied by the Parliamentary papers : and if hon. members were not con tent to stand upon their votes and attendances, he did not think the country should be put to further expense about it He could bear testimony to the able manner in which tbe reports for the ' Hansard ' were got up, but it was only an approximation, and he thought it should be no more than an approximation, and, therefore, he could not sympathise with the hon. member for Onkaparinga that they were not full enough. He conceived all that was required in the reports was a fair record of tbe senti ments and principles of hon. members. As to the argument ofthe hon. member for the City, Mr. Santo, that the publication ofthe reports would be a check upon hon. members repudiating their promises, that would have some force if the proceedings of the House were conducted in secret; but it could not apply to this case, where the public had the freest access to the proceedings of the House. Then as to the amount of the contract.— 1,390{. a year was a consi derable sum, and they were told by the Treasurer that if the contract was not continued perhaps only halt of the proceed ings of tbe next session would be reported He considered there need be no practical difficulty there; and as the pre sent was a proper time to consider the question they were much indebted to the hon. member for West Torrens in bringing the matter forward. With regard to the remarks made by the hon. member for Yatala as to the reports keep ing the Government up to their promises, if he was rightly informed whenever a question was put to the Government the answer was given in writing, which surely was sufficient to hold the Government to their promises. ' Mr. MILNE rose with a copy of the contract in his band, and said he agreed with bis hon. colleague, Mr. Townsend, that the contract was not to determine before the end of the session, and that what was done after July would hare to be paid for. He read the clause from the contract in confirma tion of bis statement, and continued that whatever resolu tion the House might come to that day, nothing could affect the contract ; and therefore he thought the question should, with much propriety, stand over to the next session, as it was absolutely certain that whatever resolution they might come to might be altered in the next session. Dr. WARE, challenged any hon. member to say that the ' Hansard' gave correct reports of tbe proceedings. He said on many occasions the remarks of hon. members had not been ? accurately represented, and as to tbe liberty t--ey had of making, corrections, for his own part he hid not for many a day sent in any corrections. The reports were not verbatim, andtboy were not correct in a condensed form, and he would as soon take the report in the other paper as the 'Hansard.' He believed that if the ' Hansard1' were discontinued they would get as good reports. The proprietors of newspapers wonld see to that for a newspaper was a commercial specu lation, and the proprietors in furnishing information for their readers would take care to give reports, and would insert what was most valuable to their readers. He knew the newspapers reported more fully the speeches of hon. members whom they liked, but a 'Hansard' should report all alike, but while he considered roe 'Hansard' did not give faithful reports, he thought the motion of the hon. member for West Torrens was premature, and that next session would be the time to take it into consideration. It might be that in twelve months considerable alterations might be made. He would, therefore, suggest that the hon. member 'should withdraw his motion. Mr. MORPHETTsaid he did not think, on the present occasion, it was necessary for htm to express a decided opi nion on tbe contract for the hon. member for Onkaparinea, with that felicity and volubility of speech which lie was eminent for, had clearly shown that the contract could not now be terminated, for if that were done in the next session, that hon. gentleman, would be iu the predicament described in Hudibras, where - ' The adventure of tbe bear and fiddle Was begun- but broke off in the middle.' With regard to the report* in the 'Hansard,' he believed they gave a fait expression of what took place in the Boose, and be had never, on any occasion, except in some remarks he had made in the discussion on the Real Property Act, thought it necessary to make a single correction, feeling fully assured that his sentiments were fairly represented ; besides hon, members knew that they had the power of altering if any inaccuracies were found in the reports. The hon. member, Mr. Townsend, had made some observations complaining of the ' Hansard.' It was possible be had not the same volubility of speech as that hon. member, and had not the same capacity to speak on all occasions whether he were required or not He acknowledged he had not tbe same volubility of speech as that hon. member— (laugbter)- bnt that was a defect which he owed to nature, and he sup posed ne art could supply it; but so far from being ofthe same opinion with the hon. member for Onkaparinga about the insufficiency of tbe reports, when he went before his constituents again he should take his 'HsnBard' with him and refer to it to show them how he bad discharged his duties, knowing that hia acts in the House were fairly repre sented in those reports. He thought tbe 'Hansard' was particularly valuable to persons living in distent parts of the colony, who, without it would not be unacquainted with all matters relating to the proceedings of Parliament He hoped his hon. colleague would show tbe good sense that always distingoiBhed htm, and withdraw the motion. Mr. A. BLTTH— In reference to the remarks of the hon. Mr. Glyde respecting the Government Cottage, denied that he had broken any promise, because he never made a distinct pledge or promise when in the Government without making a note in writing. With regard to the ' Hansard ' H was impossible-to please all the members in taking down their speeches ; the only effectual way to atop complaints, so far as he could -see, would be to publisb^the whole of the speeches verbatim, and then he could fancy there would be an immense majority of the House who would be for stop ping the ' Hansard;' but the question as it stood was at present perfectly premature, and be hoped the hon. member for West Torrens would withdraw the motion. He under stood the contract would not really terminate till April, 1862, a period of nearly two years, and therefore it was quite premature to discuss tne question now, but when the proper time arrived he should be prepared to enter fully into the whole question, and therefore he thonght it desirable to vote tor the previous question unless the motion were with drawn. Mr. DUTTON thought the present time a very good oppor tunity to discuss the general policy of having a ' Hansard.' He had three reasons for which he wonld support the con tinuance of tbe ' Hansard.' In the first place, he thought it very childish after having gone to the expense of establish ing it, now to break it off, and that It would be a great waste of money to discontinue it In the next place, with regard to the financial state of the colony, he aid not consider it was in a bad condition ; on the contrary, be believed it the most lightly taxed of any colony, and that it could well bear double the present taxation, and he thought that they were quite capable of providing any amount of money for necessary purposes, and it was very important to have a record of all ministerial statements. He thought saca published statements were most desirable. He did cot consider tbe reports were so muoh necessary with regard to publishing the speeches of mem bers generally, as they were a record of the ministerial state ments ; and upon that ground alone he would be prepared to support the continuance of the 'Hansard.' There were one or two remarks made by the hon. member -for Onkapa ringa, who said that 1.30 £ was not enough, to get full and elaborate reports; but he differed with him in that respect, because he considered the 'Hansard' should not contain verbatim reports, but rather that they should be carefully condensed reports, as he considered a carefully condensed report far better than a report of all tbe verbosity whioh the hon. member for Onkaparinga was so eminent for; and if the hon. member was ambitious to have the 6,000 speeches delivered by him during a session, appear in print, he, Mr. Dutton, would recommend him to make some private arrangement in addition to that made by uovernment; and then he could possibly sleep in peace, satisfied that in due aeason all his verbosity womld be handed down to posterity in all its excellence. With regard to the remarks of the hou. member for West Torrens as to lapdogs, he thought ?uch an interesting scene as they had on the previous day, and to which those remarks applied, was a perfectly proper subject for being reported, because such scenes tended to enliven the dull and sometimes dreary life of that House; aud lie could easily Imagine a gteat deal of enjoyment at some future day, on opening a volume of ' Hansard' and being reminded by its perusal, of the merry scene enacted yesterday on the Dog Bill. He would make one remark about the liberty the members had to make corrections. He thought if an error appealed la the newspaper and was only corrected in the ' Hansard,' it went forth amongst a large class of persons who never saw the ' Hansard.' That was the motiye whiclitodtteed him to rise on a previous ooca sion, apd for which he had been most savagely attacked by the conductor of the ' Hansard.' On the occasion alluded to, he had only drawn the attention of the House to the error in the newspaper, because be thought it necessary in justice to himself, and he considered he was most unfairly dealt with by the savage attack made upon him by the conductor of the 'Hansard.' Mr. Dntton finished by Baying that he considered a condensed report desirable, and was of opinion that the ' Hansard ' should be continued, and that the finances of the colony could well bear the cost Mr. SUTHERLAND hoped the motion would be with drawn, because there would be another opportunity given for expression of opinion on the point The want of funds alluded to was not in consequence of the financial position of the colony, bnt because of the mode of taxation being so greatly reduced, and he hoped daring the recess the Ministry would consider this matter with a View of bringing in some measure or adopting some course which would lead to the recovery of tbe large deficiency caused by the alterations made. Regarding the 'Hansard.' he had not at any time been properly reported, and be had not corrected a single proof, but just let them go as they were. He would not bind himself by what was reported in ' Hansard.' (Oh.) His constituency wonld have to understand that. The report put things into bis mouth that he never did say, and he, therefore, would not correct anything, but just let them go. Indeed he could not correct the reports because he did not write his speeches. A news paper which did not receive anything in the shape of subsidy reported his speeches as well as ' Hansard' did, and he, therefore, saw no reason to spend the public money in such a way. Descending, however from a large matter to a small one, the proceedings oi the Soad Board — (laughter) — were as accurately given as the proceedings of that House, which they paid 1,300*. a year for. He hoped, however, the motion would be withdrawn. 'The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said he would now endea vour to answer a question which had been put to the Government, as to whether they would give tne House the opportunity of discussing this question before the House met again. He did not see bew the Government could accomplish that unless they were to call a special meeting for the purpose in some other place. Regarding the question as to the faithfulness of the reports, he though they could not complain much. 'He, for one, was pretty accurately reported. He could say, however, that if the reports were to be made verbatim reports, they would have some rather curious matter sometimes, such, for example, as the discus sion of the previous day on ladies' lapdogs, cats, and other little varieties. [Lsught.r.] He had never understood before that the contract was for a verbatim print of what occurred, unless it was in a matter where the control of the public purse might be affected As, however, there would be ample time to consider the matter ere the present con tract terminated, he hoped the motion would be withdrawn. [Hear.] Mr. GLYDE said, that on a reference to 'Hansard' he found that he was wrong In what he had stated with refe rence to what Mr. A. Birth had said in connection with the Government cottage. He begged to withdraw the remark. [Hear, hear.] Mr. DTJFFXELD would not have Bald anything on the present occasion had it not been for the first part of the resolution. He did not wish to join a company of croakers . He thought it would not redound much to the credit of South Australia at home and in the neighboring colonies were it made known that she oonld not afford to pay for printing the Parliamentary debates in consequence of the financial condition of the colony. He knew there were many eroakera of this kind out of doors, but be hoped they would would not admit any such into that Bouse. (Laughter, snd hear.) He believed that they were financially in a sound and healthy position, and able to carry ont the requirements of the colony whatever those requirements mi^ht be— (bear)-- and if necessary to record the proceedings of every public institution in the country. He was somewhat surprised at the hon. member for West Torrens setting forth such a reason for this motion, when he considered how short a time it was ago since that hon. member had attempted to get a vote of 5,0002. for another object; without saying one word as to whether the financial position of the country would justify it or not. (Hear, hear.) Under all the circumstances he hoped the motion would be withdrawn ; especially when they saw that the present contract must continue for at least l- months to coma He believed the parties who had the contract had done their best towards fulfilling it; and If the reports had not been properly given that would be a question between the contractors and the Treasury benches. (Hear.) There were many reasons which could be adduced as to why there should be properly authenticated records kept of. the pro ceedings of that House. Why it wss only in the last ?session that they had been told by the late Commissioner of Public Works that they were to have a goods station in con nection with the Railway Department, and that such goods station was to front North-terrace and to cover an area of T,ooo cubic feet and they had ? The SPEAKER would point out to the hon. member that he was not in order ; that was a matter which was now occu ? pying the attention of a Select Committee of that Bouse. Mr. DCFFIELD would bow of course to the ruling of the Speaker, he was merely illustrating the necessity which existed for authenticated records of the proceedings being kept It was desirable that full and correct reports should be given, not merely to show the constituencies what hon. members said, but also to exhibit what power their argu ments might have. Mr. GRCNDY had not intended taking part in a debate which seemed to no purpose, but tbe hon. mover having thought prudent to couple his name with his opening speech, be felt called upon to notice so singular a procedure, and to compliment the hon. member on possessing the spirit of prophecy hi predicting the coarse he (Mr. Grundy) was likely to take on the question. If he -Mr. Maguey) thought the line he bad adopted was the one to influence his vote, it showed be had as little knowledge ofthe world as he had of bis, Mr. Grundy's, true character. [Hear.] He thought the ' Hansard' valuable and indispensable as a book of refe rence in keeping hou. members to their professions and Cabinets to the principles on which they took office. [Hear] As for the argument that we had formerly done without a ' Hansard,' it was as absurd as to argue that a man who had used a waistcoat ought to leave it off because he had formerly done without it If he was biassed in favor of the press it was because he knew its value. [Hear.] It was not, however, because he cared to see himseliin print but that he might be able to refer to the sayings of other mem bers. rHear.] With respect to the existing ' Hansard' he would 'merely remark that it was respectably conducted, though capable of improvement ; and as for the jt'gister it explicidy stated that it professed only to give its readers an epitome of the debates and that epitome was a creditable one. If he was only half reported in one paper, he found the deficiency supplied in the other, so that between the two he got fully reparted. (Laughter.) If the hon. mover thought he felt any inteiest in seeing his speeches on record he was much deceived, for he rarely perused or even opened his 'Hansard,' and had never yet corrected it. Indeed, he bad never yet made a speech. (Oh.) His speeches were merely comments on others, and would not measure eighteen inches altogether. (Oh, and laughter.) The hon. mover had intimated that we were steeped in hopeless poverty. He could take no snch hopeless view of the country. He believed Providence was again smiling on the land, and that we had touched the bottom. (Hear, hear.) The Insolvent and other Courts bore testimony to tbe fact ; and when we contemplate the ap proaching harvest, our opening mines, the great staple of the land— wo -l, and the growing demand for our wines, he saw no just grounds for language on the part of the hon. member so detrimental to our interests and eo desponding. (Hear.) With respect to ' Hansard,' there was another House which might prefer having its debates recorded and seeing ours on record, as we might theirs, and it would be hardly decorous to legislate without any reference to the Upper House. [Hear.] He would console himself under the sarcasm and insinuation of the mover, and the member for the ' City, Mr. Santo, by setting against these the noble-minded compliment of an antecedent politieal antagonist the hon. member for WestTorrens, Mr. Morphett whose handsome amende honorable a few days ago be hoped long to remember. He fully concurred in the sentiments of the hon. member for Light that it was not wise that pleasantry and wit should be banished from the debates of that Bouse. Hon. members were mistaken who thought that any course they might take towards him would induce him to change his usual mode of treating subjects for the mind and manners of a misanthropist or to adopt the dis cordant drone of a Scotch bagpipes. [Laughter.] Mr. SANTO would ask why the hon. member had par ticularly alluded to him. He would ask that question ofthe hon. member. The SPEAKER— -The hon. member can't ask the question ; he may make any statement. Mr. SANTO would, then, say that he did foot refer parti cularly, to the hon. member, nor even to hon. members in general. He had not mentioned the hon. member's name, but had merely made a general remark, that there were plenty of grey-headed old men who were as full of vanity as they could be. rHear.) Mr. GLYDE would also explain. He bad not referred to the hon, member for Barossa either indirectly or other. Mr. MAG AREY Baid he could only agree with the hon. member for Barossa on one point and that was that he never read his speeches; -and if the hon. member did not read them himself he could assure him that he, Mr. Magarey, did not. (Laughter.) Regarding tbe financial position of the colony, it could not be denied that the revenue had greatly fallen off. He would not sow occupy the time of the House long, indeed it was unnecessary consider ing what he intended to do before he sat down. (Bear, hear.) Regarding what had been said by ths hon. member for the Port, that hon. member appealed to have misunderstood him. He could assure the House that he had no idea ot introduc ing any motion which would have the effect of limiting in any way the freedom of the press. [The hon. member pro ceeded at some length, but owing to tbe noise in the House at tbe time we could not hear his remarks.] He was sorry the hon. member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Townsend, was not in his place. That hon. member had that day knocked him down, and he was now no doubt carrryinK on the trade of knocking down somewhere else. fLaughter.) He could, however, assure that hon member that he, Mr. Magarey, was not at all jealous of his powers of speech, and he certainly thought that hon. member had gone a little bit out of bis way to inform the House that he, Mr. Magarey, was no orator. He imagined the House were pretty weU aware of that feet before. (Hear.) He was not in the least jea lous of tbe hon. member's abilities, and he could assure him he would much rather not have to stand in his, Mr. Townsend's shoes, for if he bad, he was afraid they would nlnch his toes. (Langhter.) The hon. member had said that the contract should not be renewed under 2,S)- I, soas to insure verbatim reports. He, Mr. Magarey, was of opinion that the sum already voted was too great, aad if anything should be reduced. As, however, he was told that the pre sent contract would not expire until the ensuing session, he would withdraw the motion on the understanding that Go vernment wonld not make any other arrangements before the matter was brought again before the House. (Hear,) . Mr. GRUNDY said that after the explanation ofthe hon. member for the City, Mr. Santo, that his remarks upon grey headed men were intended generally, and not with any reference to members in that House, he wished to withdraw the comments he had made upon them. (Hear.) The question that the motion be withdrawn was then put and carried. MAIN ROADS MAP. Mr. DUNN, pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Com missioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) who drew the map of main roads attached to the Main Roads Bill, that wai laid on the table of this Home on the 22nd of May last ; and who ordered it to be drawn in its present form ? The reason he asked this question, was that this document had' been handed to the Municipal and District Councils generally, and had been found by them to be incorrect Some of them had got angry about it and harsh expressions had been made use of in some cases about the public records of the.oolony having been altered to suit the objects of certain parties, and so forth. (Oh.) He would, therefore, ask the hon. the Commissioner of Public Works fMr. Hay) who drew the plans, and, if the error was made through ignorance, who was responsible? (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS said, regarding any statement which the bon. member might nave heard in reference to any attempt having been made to falsify the public records, he could only say that it was unfounded. (Hear.) It was some time now since the plauB were prepared, and it was a difficult matter to obtain all the particulars ; however, he would give this answer That the sketch of main roads, referring to tbe Main Roads Bill, laid on the table of the House on the 22nd May last, was altered firom a plan forming part of Council Paper No. 126 of 1859, that plan forming the basis of the one attached to and having been proposed by the Boad Board. The Road Board plan seems to have been chiefly taken from a Council Paper plan of 1857. The person who drew that plan is unknown now. The alterations made by the Surveyor General to make the present plan uniform with the new Boad Bill, are believed to be correot. EXPLORATION. Sir. GRUNDY. pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Mr. Bagot) whether he intends to take any action this year In the further exploration of tbe country west of Streaky Bay?' The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS repUed, no sum of money has been placed on the Estimates of this year for the purpose of exploring tbe country west of Streaky ,Bay. The Government, however, Intend to take some steps for the further exploration of that country, which will, they hope, involve very slight expense. WELL-SINKING IN THE NORTH. Tbe COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said he was now in a position to reply to the question which had been putto him several days before by the bon. member, tor the light, Mr. Dutton. 'On the 16th March, i860, Mr. Goyder reported that the first well had been sunk 44 feet— the salt water coming in very strongly nsarly the whole way down, and requiring to be kept out by a timber framing and clay puddle; the saline taste had, however, there ceased. Mr. Goyder expressed also disappointment at the progress made by the superintendent of party of well sinkers. 16th April Mr. Goyder recommended the' dismissal of the Superinten dant of the party, in consequence of the unsatisfactory pro gress of the work, the well (No. 1) at that date only having been sunk in all 50 feet the remainder of the time having been occupied in timbering the sides of the well, aad pud dling to keep the salt out; this had been so badly done that it had to be effected afresh. 28th May, Mr. (ioyder reported that the well had to be abandoned and fiUed up in conse quence ofthe salt water pouring in rapidly, and the sides giving way, thereby rendering it useless for the men to go down. Another well had been commenced about 100 yards from the first and sunk to Mr. Goyder's satisfaction to the same depth as the first well, and in about one fourth of the time. Since the 28th May, no information has been received from air. Goyder, as to the progress of the well sulking There had, therefore, been only one well sunk to the depth ot eo feet np to the 28th May last ; the progress of the party since that date has not yet been known.' LICENSED VICTUALLERS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. DUTTON said he would take this opportunity of asking the hon. tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands whether the proclamation of hundreds would be printed with the other returns in reference to the declarations made by the Government Regardinsr the Licensed Victuallers Act Amendment Bill, he would not be prepared to proceed with that, because it had not yet been printed ; if the Clerk could inform him when the Bill would be out of the/hands of the printer, he would move that it be proceeded with on a future ? 'The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS replied he had no objection to print the proclamations of the various hundreds. He might state that the return was a very voluminous one, and would not be laid upon the table ofthe House for some time yet. The SPEAKER informed the hon. member 1hat the Licensed Victuallers Bill would be ready on that day week. ? Mr. DUTTON would then move that the second reading of the Bill be made an Order of the Day for that day week. TELEGRAPH STATION AT AUBURN. Mr. COGLIN, pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) if it is the intention of the Government to erect a telegraph station at Auburn ? The reason he asked this question wag, that parties resident in the township of Auburn had informed him that the Government had promised, that 12 months after the telegraph was opened to tbe Buna, the line would be extended to Auburn. This had not been done, and there fore he now asked the question. (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS replied— It is not the Intention of tbe Government to erect a Telegraph Station at Auburn during the present year, but rather to wait the result of 12 months' experience of the amount of business at Clare, and other country stations ; should that prove satisfactory, it would justify the Government in giving telegraphic communication to Auburn and other parts of tbe colony. METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS. Mr. COG-LIN, pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) if it Is the intention of Government that instructions should be given to the telegraph station-masters throughout the colony, requiring them to record and transmit to Adelaide, at stated hours dally, the following meteo rological observations in their several localities— the direc tion and force of the wind; tbe state of the weather; tbe height of the barometer and thermometer ; together with such other particulars as may be deemed necessary for the extension ofthe science of meteorology, and as a means of forewarning masters of vessels leaving outports of approaching danger. He was induced to ask this question because he was informed that there had been an excellent apparatus placed in the hands of the various station-masters, and it would be a great boon to all parties if the result of observations taken were regularly published, especially to masters of vessels Id leaving the port. A vessel going out through Backstairs Passage, for instance, it wonld be a first-rate thing for the captain to be informed before starting of! the state of the weather. He would ask the question. The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WOEKS saia, that in anticipation of the question of the hon. member for the Port [Mr. Coglin], he had had a report drawn up which he would now lay on the table, and move that it should be read. He might state that the Superintendent of Telegraphs was doing ail in bis power to establish a record of tbe informa tion sought for. He would now move tbe reading of the report. a Carried. The Clebk then read the report, as follows :— ' Observatory ana Telegraph Department, 'Chief Office, Adelaide, Sep. 4, 1869. ' Sir— Referring to the question of which the the hon member for the Port Mr. Coglin, has given notice, relative to the transmission of certain meteorological returns by tele graph, I have the honor to inform you that my attention has from the first been directed to the importance of establishing an extended system of meteorological observations, facilities for which are offered In connection with the telegraph, aud on my recommendation a supply of first-rate instruments, all carefully tested and compared with the Greenwich standards, under the kind superintendence of the Astronomer Royal and Mr. Glaisher, has been recently procured from England. ' Within the last month I have placed a complete set of instruments at both Guichen Bay and Mount Gambier; also, a rain guage and dry and wet bulb thermometer at Penola Other stations will be Supplied as soon as my engagement will allow of my absence for the purpose of giving the neces sary preliminary instructions. 'Each of the following stations will have a complete set of instruments, including one standard barometer, self-, registering dry and wet bulb thermometer, and plain gauge, via., Adelaide Observatory. Goolwa, Guichen Bay, Mount Gambier, Sttathalbyn, Kapunda, Clare (and unless I can find a suitable person to take charge of a set at Port Au gusta), Mount Barker. At Penola, Port Elliot Willunga, Gawler Town, Kooringa, and Port Augusta, or Mount Barker, I shall be able to place a rain gauge, and a dry and wet bulb thermometer. Regular daily observations at 9 ft-ra.. and 9 p.m. will be maintained at each station, and I propose, with the approval of the Government to publish tbe ob servations in quarterly and annual reports. I had also intended arranging as quickly as possible for daily telegraphic reports from certain selected stations ofthe barometer, temperature ofthe air, direction and force of the wind, and the general state of the weather; and on the completion ofthe second intercolonial, wire, I hope to arrange with Professor Neumayer and the Rev. W. Scott for similar telegraphio reports of all atmospheric phenomena from the different stations in Victoria and New South Wales. 1 am glad also to add that several gentlemen in tbU colony have offered to co-operate with me, and to supply monthly returns of rain fall, && 'I have, Ice, 'Charles Todd, ' Observer aud Superintendent of Telegraphs. 'To the Hon. the CommUsioner of Public Works.' MR. JOHN' HISCOCK. Mr. BAKEWELL moved that the petition presented by him to the House, In tbe case of John Hiscock, be read. The petitionwas read accordingly. Mr. BAKEWELL then said, iu moving the motion stand Ing in his name — 'That this House will, on Friday. 7th September, resolve itself into a Committee ofthe whole for the purpose of con sidering the motion— That an Address be presented to His Exce.lency the Governor-in-Cbief, praying His Excellency to cause a sum of 200I. to be placed on any Supplementary Estimates for the year 1880-61, for the purpose of compen sating John Hiscock for injuries received by an accident on the Queen's highnay.' he felt with the petitioner that no such cases should be brought before the High Court of Parliament until every other means had been adopted that could be. The petitioner in this case had done all that he could do. He had great in juries to complain of, and great wrongs that had to be re dressed. The ease he had to submit was as follows :— In ttie month of March last tbe petitioner was a resident at Pen rice. He was a man of blameless life, and respected among a large circle of friends. [Hear.] He bad occasion to travel to Gumeracha, and he bad, in returning, approached a cut ting, which was then being made under the orders of the Central Road Board, or on a contract under that body, at all events; and In consequence of this cutting and the darkness of the night the petitioner had received very severe injuries. He was going along the road, and observing a sudden ascent he had gone to the horse's head with a view of «ratching against danger, when he found himself suddenly precipitated down a ten feet cutting, and received such injuries as incapacitated him from doing his duty or from gaining his living for a con siderable time. His wife and child also sustained severe injuries. Immediately, or as soon as possible afterwards, hejiad made a complaint to the contractor, but was told that that officer was not responsible, as there was no clause in the contract in reference to any precautions being taken. He then asked and obtained leave to inspect the sp^cifica tionH, and from those he found that there was indeed no provision for a light to be placed at this spot or any other precaution taken, so th it it was quite impossible to make the contractor liable. Seeing this the petitioner had com menced by laying an action against Mr. Sutherland as Chairman of the Central Boad Board, aud the case was brought on for hearing on the 25th day of January last, in he Supreme Court, and after a full and impartial trial occu pying from morning till late in the afternoon, the Jnry declared a verdict for the plaintiff with damages isoj. Immediately after the trial, however, a point was raised as to the liability of the Central Road Board. The point was reserved, and afterwards argued, when the Judge gave judgment to the effect that the Central Road Board were not liable for the damages. The petitioner had tben exhausted every means of obtaining redress, and his only resource was to apply to the high Court of Parliament. He had stated the case, and as he imagined he would have the right of reply--(hear, hear)— he would not further ? The SPEAKER said the hon. member would have no right of reply, as this was an Order ofthe Day. Mr. BAKEWELL would then proceed at once, and he might state that he had seen the petitioner and his wife some three days after the accident had occurred ; and he would state that they were most seriously injured, the petitioner being a cripple for a long period, and for fourteen days utterly unable to attend to his regular business. He had seen him at his residence at Gumeracha, and on the same day he had seen Mr. Hardy, the Surveyor to the Road Board, who had informed him that he might apply to the contractors for compensation for tbe injuries sustained ; and that the Board always stipu lated in making contracts, that precautions should be used by which the public might be informed of the existence of any dangerous cutting upon the road. No such precaution, however, appeared In this case to have been taken. (The hon. member here referred at length to the evidence given at the trial) He might state that he had heard it rumored out of doors that five of the Jurymen were for giving the plaintiff 5001., and 11 of the Jurymen were in favor of giving 2501. damages. It was also rumored that the three Judges were not unanimous in their opinion with reference to the points reserved; this, however, was only rumour, but it was pretty well confirmed by the fact that 51 days were consumed in arriving at a decision upon the subject (The hon. member again quoted at length from the evidence in reference to other accidents which had nearly happened, and the general danger of the place ; he also read a letter from the petitioner, setting forth what he had suffered, and the loss he had sus tained.) He then left the matter in the hands of the House. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL rose to oppose the motion. It was true that the petitioner had sustained great injuries, and that'a jury bad given him heavy damages ; but a ques tion bad arisen as to who were liable for those damages, and the Judges had decided against th« petitioner. If they were to sanction such applications as tbe present there would be no end to the cases which would be brought before the House. It was the duty of the House to uphold the law, and if the law required alteration they must alter it To sanction such a case as the hwesent would, however, be a most dangerous precedent. If the motion had been for a Select Committee, the House would then have the whole facts of tbe case. As it was, he did not see that any advan tage would arise from simply going into Committee. Sir. Sutherland said as his name had been mixed np in this matter he would say a few words. Neither the Soad Board nor himself had any personal feeling in the matter. When an application was made to the Board for loot, they had refused. Tbe mistake had been that Hiscock had raised the action against the wrong party. He thought Mr. Hiscock should have raised an action against the contractor before he came to the House. He believed the cutting was not on the road at all, but that the complainant had deviated from (he road. If the House should give damages in this case it would be laying a dangerous precedent He wished to explain this as his name had been brought forward. tHear.3 Mr. LINDSAY wonld support the motion for a'Committee. The arguments of the Attorney-General bad rather con firmed him in his belief that the^e waTonewhich^L deserving attention. The Attorney-General had said that it would be a very bad precedent to establish. It was true that the House had nothing; before them at present but What had been done In another place. It had been shown that severe injuries had been sustained, and th» House should go into Committee on the matter without putting the petitioner to any expense for a Select Committee. It had been shown that a citizen, a respectable man, had suffered a grievous wrong through the action of some one, and he ought to receive compensation. They had before them the verdict of the Jnry in favor of the petitioner. This had been unset in law, but in equity he was entitled to compensa tion. It was also brought forward by tbe hon. mover that proper precautions should be taken on these roads under the Board, and this had not been done, and gross injustice had been goffered by the petitioner. He thought the House should go into Committee and esquire as far as possible into the matter. (Hear, hear.J , Mr. DUFFIELD said had the hon. mover moved for a Select Committee he would have supported him. He did not however think they ahould vote away the public money without enquiry. It bad been saU that this accident had arisen through the negUgenoe of the Central Koad Board, and this was one reason wby he would not object to the Select Committee From the evidence adduced at the trial h« believed the man was not upon the road at the time of th* accident The hoa. member alluded to one or two discre pancies in the evidence, aad said that there was also negli gence on the side of the petitioner, for had he carried lamps he would not have tumbled' into the hole. He would vote against the motion. * The TREASURER wonld support a motion for a Select Committee, but would oppose the motion before the House. The case had been folly gone into, and he did not see they could elicit more information in Committee, as they could call no evidence. - Mr. gedndt did not see what good a Select Committee would do. All the ejidence that could be brought forward, had been brought forward, and a verdict for the plaintiff had been given, damages isoZ. This evidence was conclusive evidence to his mind that the man was entitled to eompen-. * satlon. He would support the motion. -m Mr. DALE would support the motion but he should like to | seethe hon. mover withdraw the motionandmore fora Select * Committee. He could not endorse the sentiments of the Attorney-General to the effect that this House should not give what could not be obtained bya Court of law. If the hon. member pressed to a 'division he would s upport him : he hoped the hon. member would, however, not do so, but witu draw the motion and move for a Select Committee. He be lieved that the expense of the Select Committee would not be great and it would be the proper way to obtain an in vestigaton of the case. [Hear.] The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS did not see that any further information could be brought before the House. Before a Select Committee evidence might.be taken, but before a Committee of the whole House tfiey could not have any further information. As he understood the case, it was not upset upon the .point of law, but upon the question as to who was liable. tHear.l He agreed that the man had suffered very severely, and he should like to see him compensated. Perhaps it woald be better that tne motion should be withdrawn, and that the surveyors and the Road Board should come to some arrangement to com pensate tbe party. [Hear, hear.] - The motion was then put and carried, aad a -division was called for, which resulted as follows :— ?? ; AYE9 ll.— Messrs. A, Blyth., Cogfin, Dale, Dunn, Grundy. Lenncn Lindsay, Owen, 'Peacock, Santo, and* Bakewell, (teller.) ? ?.-?-??: Noes 13.— The Attorney-General Commissioner of Crown Lands, Commissioner of Pablio Works, Messrs.: & Blytb. Datton, Glyde, Hallett, Milne, Morphett, Parkin, Tewnsend, Wark, and the Treasurer (teller.) MARINE BOARD BILL. In Committee. . ..'''? The preamble was postponed. Mr. LINDSAY said before any motion was pafeed upon the clauses of this Bill, he should like to make a few remarks. He was desirous of obtaining the opinion ofthe House, and especially the Iezal members ot It upon certain clauses which appeared to him to be contrary to the Consti tution Act There were certain Acts, Imperial Acts, Which were law over all the British possessions, and of these Acts the Merchants' Shipplnir. Act was one. This Act therefore, being law already, he did not Bee the propriety of incorporat ing any portion of it in this Act. He— Ihe CHAIRMAN said the hon. member was out of Order in making these general remarks. 1 The TREASURER pointed out that the bon, member might properly make his remarks when the 3rd clause came on for discussion. Mr. LINDSAY would of course bow to the ruling of the Chairman. : Clauses 1 and 2 were then put and passed. ' :; Clause 3. ' Construction. 'r Tbe TREASURER suggested that the hon. member for Encounter Bay could now make his remarks. Mr. LINDSAY merely wished to say that in incorporating certain clauses from the Merchant Shipping Act they wen acting In an '.nnconstitional manner, inasmuch as what was Imperial law already should not be legislated on by that House under any pretenoe whatever. The ATTOR-VEY-GEITERAL said that if such, an objec tion was to hold good, there were many clauses in the new Insolvent Act, and other Acts beside, which were invalid, as they were adaptations from Imperial Acts. The object in such cases was to faciltate reference. (Hear ) There could be no harm in following in the wake of English legislation. (Hear, hear.) /'- Mr. MORPHETT said it was really quite delightful to hear the hon. member, Mr. Lindsav, deferring to the opinion of the legal profession. (Laughter. ) The Attorney-General really appeared to be getting quite nautical when be talked about following in the wake of English legislation. (Laughter.) So far the observations which had been mada were correct He hoped the Bill would be proceeded with. Mr. MILNE thought the Merchant Shipping Act in all Its clauses could not apply to the colony. Only such clauses as. were adapted by colonial legislation could hold good. Mr. PARKIN asked for the interpretation of the terms 'jetsam,' 'flotsam,' 'logam,' and 'derelict' made use of iu this clause. (XangUter.) The TREASURER said he believed they referred to floating goods left by vessels, and also to goods left behind at any particular port. Mr. GRUNDY believed 'jetsam' meant sunk goods. ' flotsam' floating goods, aud that 'logam.'' and 'derelict'' were merely synonymous terms. (Hear, hear.) The clause was passed as printed. Clause 4. Date of Act coming into operation. The TREASURES moved that the Act take effect from the first ? lay of November, 1 860. Mr. MORPHETT thought the Act should came into ope ration earlier. It looked as if the Treasurer, despite bis liberal programme, was desirous of coUactins dues as Ions a» possible. ^* Tbe TREASURER proposed this date, because he did not see how the Act could pass through both Houses of Legisla ture before. Passed as amended. Clause s passed as printed. Clause 6. Governor may incorporate Marine Board. The TREASURER moved certain verbal amendments. Mr. A. BLYTH suggested that the rate of remuneration, to be paid to members of this Board should be fixed. The TREASURER thought that it was not advisable to insert the amount of pay to be given in the Act Mr. MORPaETT did not think any pay should be given. There would be plenty of gentlemen found patriotic enough to undertake the duties of this Board without claiming any emolument If members of the Board were to be paid? they might as well adopt the suggestion of the hon. member, Mr. Grundy, an i pay hon. members of that House. (Laughter ) The COMMISSIONER OF CEOWN LANDJ pointed: out that there was a high honor attaching to that House, which would not belong to this Board. He certainly thought the members should be piid for their services - Mr. OWEN would like to ask the Treasurer whether tbe title ofthe Chairman would be President or Chairman. It was both ways in the Act The TREASURER repUed that the title would be that of President Mr. OWEN suggested that the Harbour Master should te a member of the Board. Tbe TREASURER said that would ba a somewhat anoma lous position, as the Harbour Master was a ssrvant to the Board. Mr. A. BLYTH wouldask what was the propose! remJuie ration to members of the Board. The TREASURE R repUed that the members of the Boara would receive one guinea per sitting. Those in the Govern msnt service would receive no fees. Mr. COGLIN asked if the Harbour Master was the servant of the Government or the Board. - The TREASURER replied that he was the servant ofthe Government, though in many respects amenable to the Board. Mr. OWEN wonld move an amendment that the Board consist of the Harbour Master and four Wardens. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL pointed out that this was a most anomalous position, as the Harbor Master became both master and servant. He would hive to adjudicate. In many instances on his own actions. Such an appointment would be undesirable. Mr. GRUNDY hoped the Harbor Master would be kept an independant officer. It might happen that he would have to perform duties unpalatable to the members ofjhs Board, and which would bring them into collision- tfe thought the Government should have him wholly in their hands. [Hear.l -sr^ Mr. LINDSAY hoped every Government offiaera\;fth&» Port would be made amenable to this Board. °' Mr. SUTHERLAND would move that all Boards should! be paid alike. (Laughter.) The proposition before then* would give this Board more than tbe members of ?nother Board. He thought all should be placed on aa equit footing. ? ' . ; Mr. A. BLYTH thought the sum proposed wa» lit&s; enough, but should be inserted in the clause. He would, move that it be so inserted. : The TREASURES bad no objection to this The CHAIRMAN said that the hon. member eonia act move the fixing of a salary in a Bill ; such a motion should come fro:n a member of the Government. f _ Mr. MORPHETT said tbe salaries would be fixed in the Mr. OWEN would press his amendment. The Collector of Customs was appointed, and he thought the Hacbor Master should also have a seat. - '- The CHAIRMAN said the Collector of Customs was 'no* appointed. The hon. member was out of order in makine such a remark. . 6 Mr. OWEN would press bis amendment, that the Board consiBt of the Collector of Customs, the Harbor-Muster, and four Wardens. Mr. MORPHETT said the hon, member for the Feejee ? he begged pardon, the Port— [laughter]— spoke particuliriw oa behalf of a gentleman for whom he, Mr. Morphett. hactt a great respsct, but whom he thought it would be ridioulottsi to make a member of the Board, when the Board wet* taj control him. He had no doubt the hon. member had a net' respect for Mr. Quin,as he himself had. but he muatW allow his feelings towards his valuable constituent to If ad him to do what was manifestly improper. [Laughter. 1 ? The TREASURER said if Mr. Quin was made: a member of the Board they would have to deprive him of big o&fee; ot Harbor- Master, iu which he was most efficient. He djfd not suppose that the hon. member wished this. Mr. OWEN would not press his motion, wbicti he *\\-'\ only moved in order to secure the services o£ good men. 'Mr Quin had never spoken to him on the subject, nor bad be mentioned it to Mr. Quin. *' The clause was passed as amended. On the motion of the TREASURER, the esth cu»ase-» ' Marine Board subject to Treasurer,' was fcere introduced and passed, to lollow clause 6. ?»««-«« The TREASURER said he would now propose that clause 189-' Board may appoint officers,' be hereintrodaeedT (Laughter. ) Mr. PARKIN thought if the Treasurer went on at this rate he soon would not be able to recognise his own chUd. (Laughter.) The : TREASURER said he had the child all right (Lo«d ta?{futeiJrJSeJRr0J?08ed a few Terbal amendment* Mr. DUFFlfiLfi moved that the word 'solicitor' be struck out ; the Crown Solicitor conld do the work. The amendment was carried, and the clause as amended passed. . . - Clause 9. Marine Board to be Jtbe department to superin tend all matters relating to the preservation of the ports, and, the regulation of shipping and seamen. Mr. A. BLYTH proposed an amendment to compel the '? Board to make arrangements for the due and proper dis-' charge of ships within a reasonable period of their SSvaL The ATTORNEY-GENERAL saidthe sh^pingieMia- : tions would define a course to be pursued when delay - occurred. r * ? ? Mr. AJBLYTH would press the amendment The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Board would rare to propose a bye-law to this effect The amendment to! better be introduced in the clauses relating to bye-laws^ Mr. MILNE thought all the regulations should be vjuHb* to the approval of the Government, with the advice of the Executive Council. The TREASURER said there were various cUueg scat tered through this BUI in reference to by-law-8. however. by-lays could not be passed without the adv'lOe and osnsenfc of the Governor aud the Executive Council. Mr. LINDSAY thought regarding the. suggestion of the hon. member, Mr. A. Blyth, it would d.o more harm on one side, than good on the other. Mr. MORPHETT thought the discharging of goods was a. matter of contract between the shipper and the skipper . They could not interfere with contracts made between nar ties perhaps in. England. , .. *''? ? Mr. A. BLTTH had. no doubt the nutter could be* equitably arranged if left to the Board. He seldom went to the Chamberof Commerce, however. WitiiOUttbiS matterbeinr' brought forward id a great grievance. He had himself had to go to his BQUcUar on several occasions In reference to thto detentton of goods on hoard, ships, and he fauid always thaT the evil, which, would attend a remedy were^rorietnan tSt ^re^u^oluieiniba?068 ^ * ?«= *' Mr, MORPHETT said tbe great evil appeared to be that (jaughtert— and that bated word, that ghost hadfifehUaed mmfrSrnn^PftS%ift5PL ff- ngbterofEey 'eonM^tJnai* KL^^StjOT; other piple had to«o to-. . Jb« ATTOHNfiT- GESEE AL said, if there was anything . h 'w w,{MlAct ybisb. would tend to vitiate contracts made by bills of lading or Otherwise in England, the Home-, government wonld not consent to it. He could not see tha* tteM^econJd be inserted. -all- JUXLNE thonght the power proposed would be *? . dangerous power to place in the bands of any Marine Board, ^ecouldnpt support it . . ' ..Mr- DUFFIELD would support the amendment He had Himself suffered irom the inconvenience of goods being . detained on shipboard. It was a growing evil, and some thing ought to be done. / -: . Mr. OWfiN was not surprised at the coarse tbe discussion . WBS taking. He thought the Board should hare' power to enXoroe tbe delivery of goods within a. reasonable time. Be ?ROuld support the motion. The ATTORSET-GENEBAI, said no doubt parties ex p«teilt«*ery-»iiBlderafedffloolty.ta^^tbng*bek^oods, ~*«^^rftibw^ih^l^11«riewB'of tbebon. member iheTRBA.STOEB said «ie Government weuld haje to -^oiiposettpameoament. because they ^Idnotaee that it could j; ^3fei^WHi«apItulated-ftecvIls»r^i^ ' -iByBfiemaow pnrsueaV^be matter was ajntast taw?*™* one and something ahonld oe done u» *&&*-**-£* would sogeest tftat t*'e Bouse resume and «« Attomey- -^hftB^fiitefimetorewns^ttaoiatter. ^r^-^ A The TEEASDKEB thought what the hon. member wisned wis Inclnded initoedanse.: He««NAl.lioim«; agree, to «?-? sV«Kest»6ri of Uie *on: member, and would move that ^rTOu^S^umed. the ChKirm^n reported pro gress, and obtahiea leave to eVt again on Friday next. : - ???! :-i :?: _ APPBOPKIATIOSi BILtJ .: 5JrheTEE5JSUKE&jmove4; that the: Appropriation Bill be ; -Ml Order -if the Day for to-morrow. ' .. = ' ?i?^Mr. GLYt-E objected to this moUon. He did not see why KsKTbUI '(BboaW 3K-lia-*red --n so quickly whea they wtn PpSftinpd tliat they would be six weeks longer «Ittinr. ^aKSdes, there ,were aeyeral measures not yei bjore the S?' ' »r- WABK adso -objected to this B'ill belne pushed ao rapidly lorwani,' On- farmer ocoisiou the Tressurerhad nds&lhis; volceagaingtthis BUil«ing brpUgbl foryrord before *,*Jw^a^SStTBEBaaiain former Acts of tbia Kb! they ''wjiM'-iinproperly- iJrou^it forward, because the financial ? irear bad- not commeucert. ^ The financial year- was »»-Hr running on, and. «as itneoeseary that the BUI should be brongbt forward. l. . ; ? '- - ' . . __. . Mr. MORPHETT' opposed ihe Bill being introduced so -Mon. TlteSnpei*rihnMion Fund arid many other measures ; 'w^enot xA belbre:the House. So «wn»s thepl.y was- ?»*«'-» ihouH like toieetbecirtain dtep-bnt ;a» 'jret'tW. ' «ere«inidryother4ictB tobeperter ed an«Jhey«U^ewrea ?to watnessthem before the flnaler was introduced.. Wlien . /Oh* jwere^over be svould be glad -to see#ie.«artain drop and aay 46od~day to heTreksorer. . (Lsugbter.) ; - Mr MTVfiE was nurbrioedat the hon. member proposing ?' '^iiHUB tti* Appropriation BilUconsiderihg there' wereaeveral Acts no» even add on the table of the House: i. Mr.OLiDEaeamTose^when^^- : ? .- ? . .; The SPJ3AKEB o»Ued him to order. He bad already Spoken. . . ' - ???'?;? ? Mr. -JLYDE would hambly.aubmit — - Tlie'SPE AKER -Theiioa member is ouVof order. ' The TEEASUKEB rose-r — . . ' - Mr.'GLVOE fought the Treasurer was out of order; be ' haA spoken thnee times. .;?.:. . Tbe SPEAKEB said tbe Treasurer was in order. . The TflEA- UBERhad uoi spoV^n hree times, bnt had ? merely replied to ?cuesHongpnt to him. He ? ' Mr.- A. ,BLTTH,5f JBie Treasurer was replying, wished -first to -make a remark.' IHear.J Hie TBEASITBEB -AU right Mr. A.-BI.TTH would simply -move that the Bill be read that day fortnisbt. ..... Mr: DUFFIELD thought it was hardly safe for tbe Government to £o on without this Bill was passed, or at least a general indemnity. 3There were various Boards who did not apply for monies simply because there was no Appro priation Act. , . . ? -.. ? . . ? . The T&EASDBE;&saidiie; did not, in movim; that the BUI 'be printed, wish toshr!^ from the responsibility of any of bis promisea. He would not desire to shirk the busiaess, because the Appropriation Act was passed.' Begaiaing tbe superan nuation BlUand other measures, they would be laid upon the ^hetaUeasBoon as printed. He would make the leading of the Bill Tuesday -instead of to-morrow, . :Hr. Blyth'a amendment was then put; when ? The ATTORNEt-UENEBAL rose to order; it had not t^eneeoonded. ?:-'?? J)r. WABK— I'll seconS the amendment The ATTOENEY GENEBAL— Itis too late; you can't The motion was then-put, and the Ayes had it; a. division was called for, resulting as follows :— Ayes, ISL- The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner 61 Public Works, Messrs. Dale. Dufneld. Dunn, Grundy, Lindsay, Owen. Parkin. Pea «ock. and the Treasurer fteller.i Noes. 6.— Messrs. K. Blyth, Glyde, Milne, Morphett, WaTk.andA.Blyth[tener.3 . TheHouaethen adjourned till half-past 1 next day. 