THE DELIGHTS OF BEING PRESENTED AT COURT. [From the Liverpool Albion.) "With some difficulty, we have persuaded an eye- witness to undertake the difficult task of giving us an original account of what he underwent at the Volunteer Levee, on Wednesday last. He says We arrived in a hackney cab, about half-past 11 o'clock, being inspected as we enter the gates by a dense but very orderly mob, who, it is evident, despite the snow, have sufficient taste to appreciate and admire us. Under the portico, where a Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we*shiveringly stand criticising the numerous arrivals. The most conspicuous are three portly individuals in scarlet coats, caps, brown belts, in, the uniform being somewhat of a cross between that of a huntsman and a postboy. Here, too, are fine stalwart fellows in artillery uniform riflemen of all shades, including some who, ignoring appearances, have added to their natural deformities by adopting knickerbockers and gaiters, and mostly wearing on their belts what the Examiner describes as " huge gilt silver plated, shining like stars, and resembling coffin embellishments." Constantly passing, and looking on with interest, are young officers of the Guards, going to or returning from duty, and nearly altogether lost to sight in knee boots, gray coats, and huge fur hats. Presently we are ushered into a monster tent, embracing the palace doors, strewed with sawdust, and large enough for an equestrian performance. Here we parade for some minutes, endeavouring to keep ourselves warm. Presently the artillery are directed to enter the palace. But such an entrance ! How crinolines dowagers accomplish the feat of getting in is a mystery ! After inspection by the female domestics of the palace, we gain the Lord Chamberlain's table, and upstairs we go, passing a number of ladies, who occupy an overlook- ing recess, and also another recess, from which several gorgeously dressed individuals are surveying the scene. We arrive at a landing where the title of the county represented by the Volunteers is most politely taken and after gazing with admiration on the gigantic "beefeaters," enter a pretty large room, through which we pass into another partitioned off by a barrier, the windows of which look upon the gardens. At the request to " uncover," we immediately doff our beavers. Here we are marshalled according to the rank in the Army List, the Hon. Mr. Ponsonby courteously doing all in his power to adjust the right man in the right place. But how close is the atmosphere ! Longingly do we think of Mr. Mackenzie and St. George's Hall, where the air is always fresh and balmy. Timidly do we venture quietly to open a window, little by little, fearing the reproof of a gentleman-at-arms or a beefeater. How well are we rewarded by the fresh, chilly breeze which penetrates through the apartment! Give us the pure air of the Polar regions rather than the miasma of the crowded palace ! Invigorated, we patiently-stand, whilst others are forming in our rear. ' But, alas ! "Forward !" is the command, and we lose our open window, and symptoms known only to sufferers by sea-sickness ensue. Vainly strive we against painful internal emotions. A retreat is inevitable. Desperate is the prospect, but we venture it. Through 2,000 riflemen, forming the rear-guard of patriotic devotees, we urge our way, admiring many, amused at others, and ridiculing few. Familiar faces abound. How delicious the air outside ! delightful the odour of sawdust ! Eevivified, we re-enter the palace ! Again we struggle through yielding riflemen (always courteously treated until we reach our previous post in time to obey the order to advance into the drawing room, the next apartment to the Throne-room. Here we form four deep in three lines. Her Majesty is expected at 215 two hours to wait! The delay is not rendered more agreeable even by the musical quarters of a gilded clock. The gentlemen-at-arms with their halberds, gilt helmets, nodding plumes, and top-boots, soon pall upon the sight. Nature, already exhausted by the want of pure air, gives way. Best must be had. But how? Brilliant idea What is a "busby" good for but to sit down upon ? An exhausted artilleryman sets the example, and " bushes" become for the first time as useful as they are ornamental ; flattering were the encomiums on Mander and Allender, when the articles stood the strain. Here placidly do we wait, listening to Lanark expressing, a broad Scotch, great complaisance at his own appearance. How indebted do ghastly volunteerS feel to a Samaritan Scot, who produces from his pockets palates of nux. But what a delicious draught of fresh air ! Everybody seems revived. Some adventurous artilleryman has opened the upper sash of a window. The sensation that fresh air is necessary even to volunteers begins to prevail, and eager is the struggle to obtain it. " The successful parties, notecontent with a limited supply, open the lower sash, and thrusting their neck out, they imbibe life-giving draughts. Vainly do those in the immediate vicinity complain of the bitter and snow-mingled blasts ; they are overpowered by the murmurs of relief from the mass. The most acute sufferers remain, squatted, a la Turk, under the window, inhaling with gusto the frosty blasts from the garden, and warmed in the rear by the out-going heat. Presently carriages are seen over the hedges in front, then the Life Guards, and, preceded and followed by several others, comes the Royal carriage, drawn by two cream-colored horses, which evidently are unaccustomed to speed. They draw up at the portico, and how we do pity the unfortunate coachman and grooms, who, notwithstanding their beautiful pink stockings, gold-laced coats, and swords, appear in a frozen condition. Dismal do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for Her Majesty's return. But hark the throne- room doors open. Her Majesty is prepared to greet her loyal volunteers. The stream pours in, and as we advance to the Presence-chamber those who had already been presented file out, looking like " Banquo's ghosts." With solemn step and downcast eye, their appearance is rather that of men who have been stunned by a sudden sentence than of loyal subjects who have obtained an earnestly sought for honor. But our turn comes, and we advance in single file, obeying the orders of the officials, " Slowly, gentlemen, slowly no hurry no crowding," until passing the file of Lord-Lieutenants, we cast our eyes upon the unmistakeable figure of the Queen, standing in the midst of the line of figures with a crowded semicircular in front of her, through which we have to file. Nervousness does not overcome us, but, though we deliberately make a left face," and bow to the Queen, we overlook, 'owing, we presume, to the dimness of the right to our regret the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, a Royal Princess and the Duke of Cambridge. But we fortunately escape the contretemps which happens to another officer, who, in his determination to do the thing, steps so far back as to damage a dowager's corns, and start an excruciating bitter. We plead guilty to not having overlooked the charming blue eyes of a noble lady of honor who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass out we look upon a large pan full of riflemen, dressed in all the colors of the rainbow, conspicuous among them being some Cornish men, dressed like Mr. W. Laird's coal-carters, in lively mauve coats, with high turned-down collars, slashed with scarlet. Much were they being "chaffed," and many were the interrogatories, whether they had taken off their coats for coolness. In the court-yard we find the Guards band playing. Passing the gateway, where the Guards present arms to the volunteer field officers, we find the street densely crowded, notwithstanding the snow, with spectators, and carriages filled with ladies. Every soldier we pass salutes us, at which we are excessively pleased, flattering ourselves that our appearance is decidedly martial, if not to the manner born. Next morning we look anxiously for papers, ambitious of seeing our names in print, but disgusted when we see it cut in two, and a letter dropped out, so as to render it not only very unrecognisable, but ridiculous in sound. 