TIIB. DTOE1I HOUSE, Til ff Bill to amend tho corratitutioii of tlior Le gislative (Jourfcil is. now before the public. Those who cbooso- hare plenty of time to look into it — to niako objections or to suggest im provements before it is too late. The time will prpliably conic Allien rfc wrll be necessary to pub lish every proposed innovation iu the same way,. There , would probably be less cliatico of erro neous legislation; and less need for amendin g and rnnnrrlin-if A.ofunvF Pnr1i«nn.f-tVf wava fr.1w- imtIa to publish every 'Bill some weeks or months before it came to' the second reading. By this Hill -i-tSs proposed that tlio members of the Council nVn-.ll be limited to thirty— that thev shall be elected by the people—' that . one half shall retire at the ond of the third year-^i and that aftersVards'Ciich shall sit for sis years. .The lJill. will_.Jio-str&u;^ly -opposed.. — -It- will oocasfon many a lung wearisome speech, in which v.-cr shall liave ,desperfitely ;indccent quotations from histories;of Greece, .and the orations aud. essays of eloquent politicians. There will be a good deal of boasting about the glorious consti tution of our JiitUerland, and the wisdom of our ancestors. .We shall have ample details of every row or riot that lias taken place in America/ illustrative of the dangerous and disorderly ten dencies of democracy'. There mil be prophets, . too, who will foretell revolutions, anarchy, war, and desolation, as if the majority of the people _ desired frcedoin.only to cut each others throats. The real question at issue is almost sure to be hidden under a multitude of other questions of no consequence. It inostlv. alwavs is sni. WJirm mnn --rp ashamed to show us what they waiit to be at, they take us away to look at something else — generally some ghost, or respectable phantom, of which we ouglitta.be very careful, or very uincli afraid; Before any alteration he made, we ought to know why. We ought to know what evils-are a to Be cured, or what good is to be coined by change. . .. From the first the Legislative Council has been odious because it is a nominated, not an elected Council. Its members are nominees of the Government, and hold oflice for life, unless some chaDgc be made within five years after \- their appoii/tmout. That term will expire in a few months, and hence the necessity for some alteration. The Council .was an object of suspicion from the beginning, and its present members have ; done very little to propitiate the public in its favori l-'or refusing to pass tho Bill of the China , -phobiasts.it certuinly,doserves the thanks of every just. and generous man . But that is a small set off against a goncral: incapacity ; to. -repay the country for all which tlio liouse has cost us. Tho members of course are not all alike, but the majority have spoken and acted as if they had' no:busipods to do anything except to maintain: a grcat'sliow of diguity, which is of no value, and to -.claim., n,- great many privileges which have never been granted Taking the House of Lords for their model, they have according to the 'cus- tom of imitators, copied the. most, useless and i the agliesti featured yi the'-original. The Council v mist have' Cast* the country something over sixty thousand pounds, aud it has done no good worth mentioning. The smallest Municipality in the colony has been- far more serviceable, and has , 'cast' the, country':' not';' one: penny*;. beyond the' expense of its Jirst election. Whether the'members elected by the people will be better or worse than those who '.have : been, or might bo nominated by the Govcrn , ;meut, is a. question not easily answered. To ? l'orm any decided opinion upon : it we should know fur what purpose the Chambers of lcgisla. - tion are required. If it be desirable to confer , legislative functions upon persons whom the elec tors reject oi\ueglect, a nominated Council will supply the desideratum. If Government is to have a Council for. the purpose of- opposing, or assisting the Assembly, it is Government, and not the. electors, who ought to appoint the mem \- bers. If Gov.eromentMs able to select uiore effi cient legislators tunn tno people ao or can select, \- then tho Government should nominato not only the CounuiLbut the Assembly. too. It is alleged that a -great number of the elect-' \- ? ors arc not fit to be entrusted with the selection of law-makers— that they are easily imposed, upon by designing schemers who want to be legislator's only that they .may become place . holders. It is further alleged that the majority of the electors, are. poor, and not oply poor, but envious and thievish j , disposed to humble the gre i-t, and to Yob tho.rich. Hence the necessity ? . for a Couucil, and a nominated Council, to re present educatiouJand virtue, and to preserve the rights of property, and to maintain th^t , -order, without which even thieves and robbers cannot exist. It is too true that many people are ignorant, credulous, and easily ehoated. Our history and our existing institutions afford ample proof of that 1nuch.' ; 'But it'is asserted without a shadow \- of proof that the majority 'are either poor or vile. It is very likely tjiat men of small means may . desire to throw .all- ? taxation' off themselves, and compel the rich to pay all tho expense of govern ment,. but therc is n'o .probability that an elected .Ptirliameiitnvill'bvor show a majority in favor of any invasion. ,P.f ,pi'o P e,r ty . -. Whether .nominated, or elected, tho', members will all have something, . ? some much and somo little, but they, will never ' be able to agree :us': to' how little property will . ? oxompt its owner from taxation.' . ? ? ' ; That electod lcgislators are somotimcs incom \- potent, and. venal is true also— tho more tho pity. But it is equally truo that nomineo3 are no better. If they bo rich they burden those who are poorer. Or they burden the whole pooplo to maintain v . their relations, -their friends, ?; or themselves. They obtain 'sinocurcs for soino, ponsions for ? others/ endowments, crants, rowards. dignities and Drivilsges for objects which, aro useless . or ?idjurious to. the- public, although tho public have to pay for. thorn. \- It can't well bo othorwiso. Nominees must r- 'bo chosp/i ? from a small number, of porsons, ' . ^k.tiown/ , and , perhaps not well known to tlid ?%£ .^^vorricfr -'tiuii . his Ministers. They are 1 cno'wn booiinso they have soino corinootion * /'7lirootly._or.ifidireotly with Government Depart .monts. 'Or ;they have iutoro3t onough to got ; ? introduced. But electors have tho whole country '? io clioosa from. Every man abovo thirtylive yb'ars.of ago is open to thoir choice. Thoy have -.-?..opportunities of choosing such as no, Govornor can Inivoj and if thore be any constituency which prefers the worst,' or not tlio best eatidi onto, there is no great harm dono. Tho errors of Brio aro o.jrrooloil by another. Two or llueo dunces or schemers won't havo power to do any mischief, and their fate tiny )-.; a warning both In a-tpiraiils lot' legi/jlativo liunwvj and tu the elector;.'. WMBUMlMBtfl—BBimwUI''1 ft U» Jt.»HI«IU»J)IIIMJUiu This Bill wrll probably raise a (jii-;stion which has not yet received all tho attention it deserves. Is there any real necessity for two Legislative Chambers? The arguments in fuvoJ of a 110111 ii at id (Jhnmibcr ara well known, for thoy have been in use ever since tlio llouso of Lords had' to bo defended ; but they aro not applicable to an elected house. It is easy enough to invent excuses for anything, and for the worst, things there aro generally tho best excuses. Slavery has been placed before some people in suoli an aspect that it appears to them a divine institu tion, and under tho protection of providcncc. But if a doswn members of the Assembly insist upon finding out what purpose a Legislative Council can servo, or what functions it is to per form, more than ordinary cogitation will be required to discover any decently passable excuse. It will soon be found, if not already found, that we havo nothing to fear from. hurried legislation. The chccks against that .cvily whatever it bo, are pretty numerous between the Standing Orders of the Assembly, and the veto of Iler Majesty the Queen. If not sufficient, it is easy to multiply them without the aid of a second Chamber. \- The truth is few members bavo given this subject serious consideration-. They have pro bably been led to suppose that a House of Lords, or anything like ono, must be something very good and very useful, for tho- thing has been lauded up to tho skies so often and so long, that it must- be a great imposition or a great institu tion.,^ Ill' spite of all that, however, the. subject ought to be examined. A second Chamber, once = established will last for years, perhaps for very ; many years, after, it. .is known to all, mon .as i nothing'litit'cin'ciperisivc incumbrance, ora Mis ance. If it cannot be abolished, now there will be no chance, scarccly a possibility, of dismissing I : it hereafter.' ° 