HEl'JBir, ^ i I The Millennial Pioneer ; or, Revival Ordeal.' By a Lay Trumpeter in Emanuel's Arny, "ITry tlie Spirits.-1 John, Chapter IV., Veriel. WE have just received . a pamphlet-with-the - above title, to which, as it bears especially on the state of religion in Sydney, we' invita "at- tention. And we do not'know how* we~could more correctly indicate its aim, character, an d style, than by saying that it is, in doctrine and manner, intensely Methodist. Both the warm admirers and the stern opponents of Methodism will, we think, after reading it, agree that this is a correct description. We use- the term with the recollection that one of Scotland's greatest thinkers and most distinguished theolo- gians defined " Methodism " as " Christianity in earnest." - The pithy antithesis, pointed appeal, running fire, and soaring zeal, by which the operations and productions of Methodism are distin- guished, are here strikingly exemplified ; here also breaks forth the unquenchable antipathy of Methodism to Romanism on the one hand/ and Calvinism on the other. From the designation assumed by the writer, " a lay trumpeter," and his favourable allusion to " Fidgeon's brigade " as ready to be the " pioneers, sharp-shooters, or fotlorn hope," it may be gathered that he is one who is actively engaged in city mission labours ; bul as he withholds his name, seeking to convey instruction and warning to, the professing churches without putting himself forward, we will not further press the inquiry who is the author ? but let him speak for himself. As a specimen of his insight into human character and power of delineating it, we select the fol- lowing passage, part of a lengthened contrast between man-made and Divinely-called minis- ters of the Gospel : The one bias, at the mest, only the ordinary desire which all who are converted feel, and whose first im-, pulse, is, HES the disciples of old, to go everywhere presorting the Gospel. The other has the special call upon him, the weight of souls ia laid as a burthen, and from whioh be cannot get away, being, as it were, thrust oat with a woeful impression of God's anger if he doea not comply. The one mistakes the desire to be UBeful, a fluent tongue, the call of a father, a minister, or bia brethren, for the call of God ; the other has the proof of his call . ia the fruit of his labour, in the depth of bis soul ; and may or may not have tho call of man. . . . . ?..>.. . Tbe one acknowledges in theory that it is not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit saith the tord ; . bat in practice denies it by so relying on bis intellectual Straining, BB to leave no roora for dépendent» on the apirit; he could go through the servios just ss well if there were no Holy Ghost. But the other labours as if ,nil depended on himself, andyet feels himself so ineffi- cient and empty that till the breath of the Lord gives life he knows tbat vaia is the help of man ; their plant , ing and watering will be without inorease, and the valley of dry bones will be dry still. The one does the fictitious work of the ministry in performing dead ordinances, lifeless visits, ritual repeti- tions, and platform logio ; alt of whioh could be aa well .done now BB in former times, when : the brethren did their duty. But .the other gives himself to .prayer, has bis senses .. exercised tc know what the work of the Ministry ÍB, is satisfied not with .sermonising, philosophising, theorising, or at otarían pro- selytism, but the salvation of men. The one are brick and mortar eoolrsiastios, gospel Boaffolders, and educational civilise», who rest in the .means without accomplishing the end. The other is , a builder of the living Temple, a decorator of the beaut]. i.ial garments, and a beautifier of tba waste places, cans ? ing..the, desolate to be glad and the mourners to sing - tor joy. They are wise to win souls, and compel men to oome in. . The general strain in which the author speaks of the state of religion in this colony, is severely critical ; and most earnest minds; whatever their religions opinions, Bee much to deplore in tho present spiritual condition of the people both in . their own churches and others ; much that calls for correction in ecclesiastical proceedings; and ; especially much need of a more vital 'and practical Christianity". As a proof,, however, that. the.. author of this pamphlet is not inconsiderate in his strictures, the following passage recognises much good as 'haring been accomplished amid all tho defects of the Churches: \- i In speaking of the work of Ged- in these colonies, due consideration must be made lora population so peculiarly originated, as well as for its unsettled and migratory character, the oppressive natura of a warm climate over that of a oold one, as wi ll as other difficulties. . It is a 1 matter of thankfulness that so mnob good has been accomplished in these colonias daring the last 30.years. . It oannot be denied that a great moral change, outward ? at least, has been brought about by the influence of the Gospel ; and we should hope to a greater extent than what is apparent ; but, whilst it ts pleasing to asknow -ledge tho beneficial result of Christian effort, is it chari- table, safe, or prudent to blind our eyes to the .real state .of the case, and not look below the ' surface of things' that, knowing .our true ,'. position, we may,steer clear of the rocks of delusion and the security of ignorance ? for it must not be forgotten tbat the end of the Gospel, and of tba Christian minis- try is to save souls, and to train the Church into the . same.business. If a church is not composed of believers it is no church ; and if it is, she was made so that she might operate upon others, so that the Christian min ' istry that does not accomplish this end accomplishes nothing.: The other work of the Church is mere child's . , play-a field day's sham fight-any of - the brethren could do it now as well as in the Apostles', days, and , with one half the expense. The schoolmaster can pro- mote civilisation, the Ministry of Christ and His Cburoh are for the salvation of tho world. It is evident that the main stress of the pam- phlet is directed, not against tile openly pro- fane, but against those who make a distinct and public profession of Christianity without honestly and faithfully acting up to their professions. This is-wise. "Judgment must begin at the IHouse of God." And before any great exten- sion of Christianity among those who ignoro its claims can be reasonably expected, there must be a purging of the floor ; those who assume the position of penitents, crying in the sanctu- ary for mercy as " miserable offenders,1" must ."rend their hearts and not their garments :" those who publicly avow that they are the sub- jects of the great King must by steadfast con- sistency, by doing justice and shewing mercy toward their fellow-creatures, prove that there îs a reality in tho exercise of true religion, " walking humbly* with God." Until the re- proach of formalism and hypocrisy is wiped ' away, and the members of Christian Churches are distinguished among men for sterling inte- grity and' faithful devotion to tho ends . they profess to seek, little salutary impression . can be made on the minds of the thoughtless and sensual, by the maintenance of the ordinances of religion. It tis necessary that tho sacred ordinances of the Church should be manifestly instinct with spi- ritual life; then will mon acknowledge that the glory of the Lord is risen upon her. The author thus denounces mere external reli- gion : . What is a stone-wall church but a mere covering for believers to meet in ? When God's people are away no temple is there ; for tho aphorism of the old Quaker is now as true as ever, viz., " Sometimes I go to the Church, and some times the Church comes to my house.'' It is a New Testament principle that oma even yet don't ap pear to be aware of I would not be understood to decry decency, order, propriety. or usefulness; and, if I mis- take nor, what is called the working man's Church would be a very good model for all Christian temples. I should like to know who gave men liberty to build gentleman's churches. St. James does not, and our Lord commands that he that will be great let him shew it by condasoenaion and kindness, and not by raising up barricades in the house of God, to separate himself from more humble brethren. Besides, the improper habit of taking seats, and, as it were, writing cash upon every- thing connected with the service of God, has disgusted thousands from entering its doors ; for who weald like to be put into the lowest seat at tha footstool of pride and wealth, and become a speckled bird in the congre- gation ? He expresses great dissatisfaction with all the various sections of the Christian commu- nity, some for their formalism, others for their spiritual sloth, others, again, for their exorbi- tant regard to money in their ecclesiastical operations. The spirit of division is thus re- buked '. If sectarianism had worked well for the Church, or if in your divisions, you had lost the spirit of division, it might have been excused; but alas ! the reverse has been the case, and your folly and absurdity is apparent to all. You are all of one mind as - to the per- fection of the material, but distracted about the brown paper and thread ; you believe in the substance and dis- pute about the shadow; are all of one mind as to the quality of the gold, but split up in hopeless contention about the old casket. The Church of England, for instance. Why do its clergy, if they are Evangelical, stand so much aloof from their brethren the Dissenters ? Is it because carnal re scriptions compel them? or is it the fear of their ineffi- ciency becoming more apparent, or the fear of their re- spectability becoming endangered? . . . . A unity of purity, faith, and love Is the bulwark that is wanted in these days, and there is no branch of Christ's Church that requires the aid of their Christian brethren more than the Church of England. Against the Calvinistic doctrines commonly held by Presbyterians, he thus writes : Hay not the growing formalism of the present time be attributed, in a great measure, to the impetus given to Calvinistic doctrine by Barnes, Dr. Cummings, and Spurgeon these several years back? Of what use is it for man to meet at worship if they imagine themselves spell-bound by decrees, shut out by election, end shut up by corruption, and by a false faith in a death purgatory ! Though himself evidently a Methodist in doctrine and spirit: and though he declares that " there are none who preach the Gospel so clearly, fully, and evangelically as the Methodist ministry; " he does not spare the Wesleyan system ; bat says of it, " It is a skilful commissariat as to temporalities, with the best side out as to spirituals, their policy being to keep all things quiet, satisfied that they are still keeping pace with the college incapables, brick and mortar ecclesiastics, and taro cultivators." The Congregationalism ot this city is de- scribed as too worldly to extend spiritual religion ; the Baptists are charged with making too much of a rite to the neglect of the truth and spirit of God. In . his charges against different denominations we fear he sometimes defeats his own end. Pew per- sons are likely .to be kept from the Antinomian abuse of the deep doctrine of predestination by his charging the growth of formalism on the teaching of Barnes, Cummings, and Spurgeon ; who are considered by their admirers lo be dis- tinguished for setting forth the effectual ten- dency of the doctrines they espouse to promote true holiness of heart and life. No Unitarian is likely to he much influenced by the elegant metaphor in which he stigmatises their views, as the " Unitarian night hag." On the whole, few will'read this pamphlet without being offended, and many will probably retaliate for the attack on their denomination by charging the author with mistake ; but all who are willing to see how a zealous Christian brother rebukes the. pride, the covetousness, and sloth, too prevalent ia all our churches, and to receive a new stimulus to fidelity and labour, may derive some real profit from its perusal.. If there be some misapprehensions of the theology commented upon, and some hasty and indiscriminate censures on the proceedings of Christian churches, there is also manifest throughout an honest and benevolent aim to promote their purity, zeal, and efficiency. In the concluding pages the following cha- racteristic appeals are found : We want spiritual Nightingales that .can experi mentally sing of deliverance, and poetically preach iti power, and not mere mad larks who can only moan oat their corruption. We want gospel lions, men of lore, eagle-eyed, men of spiritual penetration, and not mere chatter-finohos of a saperficial experience. Wa want Holy Ghost preachers, devil's kingdom destroyers, and not tbe harmless moanings of the dignified owl. We ,want men pushed out into the harvest by the Lord, who are able to take tho Church out of the leading stringsof speculators, busy bigots, and donblo-tongued cross bearers, brick and mortar ecclesiastics, mere text ex- pounders, gospel talkers, adult baby dippers, self-fed shepherds, and the succession of Judates. Your gospel ship is in the tempest of discord, the Antinomian icebergs and clouds without water are about litr-the rockets of proud pretenderá aro- flyingtbe blue lights of Calvician oorruplioa ara bung out the tattered -flag of Babylonian Confusion is flying-the thunder > and lightning of God's controversy is flashing about your heads-the trew are all in. confusion-the swelling breakers of Popery, aro making .head way, and the cry of despair will soon be heard, if there is not an immediate and nnitod effort to put the ship about, and direct ber coarse another way. Put up the Hag of Christianity ; throw overboard your dead weight-endowments, episcopal enc cession, baptismal regeneration, and aharoh figments ; . your aovolous rich men and wedge of gold. Steer for Union Harbour; get your Pilot on board, and He wi 1 command the stormy billows, and there shall be calm and safety. But hark 1 now . the commander cries, " Prepare for action, for now the Devil's Armada is hovering in sight: BO, courage,"- your, great Captain cries, " square ycur yards ; live holy., lives ; reef your topBils; lower your pride; take an observation, and see that yon get into tho latitude of travailing in birth for souls; and bo sure to keep the blind oye to the world's opinion. - '. '; ' 