THE SABBATH OBSERVANCE SOCIETVS MEETING. To Hie Editor of lite Geelmq Advertiser. Slit,—Oue gentleman, id.his address ■ on Sabbath observance in the Mechanics' In stitute on Monday said—"He always thought it his duty when he had a horse to give hunt his Sabbath Day. It might not be the Sab bath, because he might be wanted on that day, but he felt it his duty to give the animal his day of rest, and whether it was Monday, ' Tuesday, or Wednesday it did not matter an " loug as his horse got his Sabbath day. and ho assured the meeting that when he had a '.J' horse the animal got his Sabbath day, would always do so whenever ho had a horse again." Let the reader of the above peruse V with attention the I<lth verso of the 5th chap, of Deuteronomy, and say if men can, who have faith in tho Bible, "and believe in the fourth commandment, having conscience: within and common sense to aid them, be trifled with or cajoled by such silly, superfi cial Jesuitical reasoning. If tho rev. gen tleman can work his horse on Sunday, and ease his mind by a refinement in sophistry by not working'it on Monday, his example will bo contagious it is to bo feared, so far as ; the first day is concerned, and most likely by those who will forget or ignore their owu appointed Sabbath for the brute. lie works bis horse on tho_ Sabbath he believes, ought to be kept by himself, and gives said horse Monday iu lieu thereof.. If he doe3 so conscientiously why had he not the honesty to tell his audience, and through them the government, that while they caused their servants to work on the first day of tiro week tlicy ought to give to them the privilege of a Monday, a Tuesday, or a Wednesday, as he did to his horse. If ho can alter the Sab bath for the brute to auswer his own conve nience what does hinder liirn or others by the ' same parity of reasoning from giving man, the nobler animal, the liberty to do so for himself. As the rev gentleman takes the commandment into lus own hand, and gives his horse any day it best suits himself for its Sabbath, might lie not allow tho govern ment tho liberty to give the men who work the Sunday trains a Monday or a Tuesday for their day of rest. 11" the commandment will allow the Sabbath to be tampered with or altered to suit his reverence's horse, how! much more ought it to he so to favor our intelligent railway ollieinls. Would we ever have heard of a Monday's or a Tuesday's Sabbath for the horse, had it not been to. benefit the horse's master! 1 hope there is' not a human being but has understanding siillicicnt to be made aware that such reason ing has a great tendency to lead men from a belief of revealed religion when its would-be called teachers can only draw conclusions from its precepts to gain their own views or purposes. It is pitiable to think that men of intellect or judgment sufficient to know that one and one make two could sit and hear arguments so silly- so inconsistent—so utterly against truth and common sense, for if the commandment be of Clod, it surely means what it says, and whoever believes so ought to act according thereto, and bewaro of trotting to or putting faith in reverend or right reverend clerical attorneys, who can drive a horse, though not a railway carriage, through what they acknowledge to bo a Law promulgated by the Dreat Jehovah. D. 0. Xiv.r.r.Trr Gnu,v.—A. 38 ounce nuggetwas a friv days since found in a claim at the Brcak-o' D.tv Gully. It is a strange thing that a neigh bniltonil celebrated for large alluvial gold, is not more generally projected, as no doubt thcra are gullies in this locality vthieh would pay rattling well nt the present time, though declared some years since to be "no good."—Smulhurtt Kiasihix. — Latest Intelligence.—Ferguson's coach arrived yesterday morning, bringing any thing but satisfactory news. A doctor and two Adelaide miners, who lmvo given the place a fair trial, state that the greatest distress prevails, and the result in the case of the two latter, after four months' hard and persevering labour, isa.v follows:—One realised five shillings, the other twenty. From all we hear we can only conclude that Kiandra can never bo what is known as a " poor man's diggings," and only those with capital have the ghost of a chance of succeeding there.—A Hurt/ limine)', 29th Sept. Quartz working in tho neighborhood of tbe Buninyong cemetery is being carried on with * ' good deal of energy, and with every prospect of ( success. The Imperial Company are averaging about 7 dwt 12 grs to tho ton, and a second - (itareping battsry is in course of predion, 