THE CONFESSION OF SAtNX PATRICK CONCERNING HIS LIFE AND CON DUCT. Translated from the Original Latin, {as contained in, an Ancient Manuscript over 1,000 years old,) by Archdeacon. Hamilton, Parish Priest of St. Micliaii'Sr Dublin. '?. .-. ? '? DEDICATION. To the Catholic. People of St. Michan's ' ' Parish. My Dearly . Beloved -Parishioners,— To '? you, I dedicate this genuine work— The Confession of St. Patrick.; It. was composed by the Saint, in , his old age, shortly before his death, and may, therefore, be considered as the precious legacy of his own dying words. It is so much- intermingled with the words of Go;l, as contained in the Scriptures, that these holy words, thus seasoned, become more consoling and effective, by the circumstance of their being presented to us in this divine association Read them, then /attentively and frequently ; read them for your families, and for your house hold, and always believe, when you hear them, that you are listening to the instructions ami exhor tationi, which our great Apostle, by his writings, continues, and ever will continue, to be preaching amongst us. . Open then, as himself expresses it (p. 4)— open the ears of your heart, and listen with compunction to these fervent words, with which he confesses anil deplores his transgressions, and the oause of them— p. 3. ? ; ? 'We had withdrawn from God, and did not keep! his commandments, and were disobedient to his priests, who advised us for our salvation.'. A similar calamity befel the Jews of old, as we learn from the confession, ;and the prayer of the ProphetDaniel, who says, 'I beseech thee', O Lord God, who keepest the'Govenant and shewest mercy to all who love thee. We have sinned — we have doniwickedly — we .have gone aside from thy judg ments — and we have not hearkened to thy servants, the Prophets, who have spoken in thy name.' (a) ' ' The remedy for all such evils is to be found in these word's, p. 4^- . ' There the lord halh opened the ears of my in 'crodnlous heart, that, even latterly, I might call I my sins to remembrance, and be converted with my I whole heart to the Lord.' . * .;, According to that word of the Prophet Joel, 'Be converted to the Lord your God, in fasting, in weeping, and in mourning. Rend your hearts and not your garments, and be converted to the Lord your God.' (6) Thus, then, we behold — that obedience to Priests, remembrance of sins, and. conversion with the whole heart to the Lord— are the remedies for these trans gressions. ? . . .?.'?.? Again we read of him, p. 8 — ' I was frequently praying every day, that the love' of God might he more enkindled in my heart, that fear, and faith, arid energy, would be increased; so much so, that I poured out my prayeis one day a hundred times, and' as often in the night i nay; even in woods and on mountains I remained, and rose before the light to my prayer, in frost and snow, and rain, and suffered no incon convenience, nor yielded to, any slothfulness.' Agnin he says, p. 8 — . ...... -.. One night, in a dream, I heard a voice, saying to me, ' Well dost thou fast, and soon shalt thou re turn to thy country.' And in' spirit I invoked Elias. And whilst I was crying out ' Elias, Elias,' with all my strength; behold, the splendour of the sun dispersed all uneasiness within me. — p. 10. In the midst of nil his labours, he was not un. mindful of the suffering poor, of Jesus Christ', for he testifies, p. 22 — How much I bestowed -amongst those who were in distress in every district; how frequently I visited them, and how ardently I desire to drink of the Lord's chalice, as already he has favored so many others who love him ; declaring, at the same time, his willingness to spend, or. overspend him self, for thvoir sou Is' sake. — p. 22. Again, we behold with what confidence he de pends upon the Lord, who lifted him up— Though simple and unlearned, and being like a stone in the depth of the mire, the Almighty came, in his mercy; and lifted me up, arid raised roe on high, and placed me on 'tho summit of the wall. Hence I ought to cry out, in gratitude to tho Lord for such benefits, now and for ever. Wherefore, admire and piaise, ye great and small; who fear the Lord.' — p. 6. . ' And yet the Lord so exalted him as to become his great Apostle and one of his holiest instruments in the conversion of the entire nation, .clings and princes, men and women, old imd young, wise and unlearned, all h came subject to the sweet yoke of Jesus Christ. Everywhere the Gospel was preached — converts were baptised and confirmeil— clergymen were ordained— churches were built — schools were opened— monasteries'were founded— nunneries were established,- and in all places the reign pf religion and perfection was gloriously nourishing throughout the land. All this, indeed, was a great miracle in itself; but yet he appeals with confidence to the signs and wonders which have been shown him by the Lord. — Page 19. In the very same manner, St. Paul declares his own preaching to have been, ' not in the persuasive words of human wisdom, but in the shewing of the spirit and power.'(o) Again, p. 16, he Bnys — ? , I came to the Irish nation to preach the Gospel and to endure reproach from unbelievers. I heard them upbraid me aa a stranger, and I suffered many persecutions, even unto chains; and yet I gave myself up without reserve for their advantage. And, if I was held worthy, I am ready, immeiliatelv and cheerfully, to lay down my life for his name's sake ; and I desire to sacrifice myself, even unto deuth, if-the Lord should demand it, : With Apostolic disinterestedness and generosity, he dispensed all these spiritual blessings and favors which be had received for that purpose from God. No avarice— no self-seeking — no remuneration, did he accept or desire, but from the Lord. Himself assures us, p. 20— I circumvented no man ; nor, on account of God and his Church, do I intend it, lest, through me, the name of God should be blasphemed, &c.; I spent myself, that they might comprehend me, and everywhere among you I advanced for your sakes, in many dinners, into distant region', where nobody before had ever come to baptize them, or ordain th-'m, or confirm their people in the faith. Now, all these things I did, by the grace of God, and cheerfully, for your salvation. Long before this, he had observed the same ex treme caution, lest he should scandalize the weak; remembering the words of our Lord, ' Woe be to the world on account of scandals ;'(i) for we rrad that, when on his journey, he refused to eat the wild honey that was offered to him, believing it to have been offered or sacrificed to idols.(c) — p. 9. His spirit of gratitude to the Lord was unbounded, p. 14, he says — Therefore, I give unceasing think* to my God, whopreserved me faithfu! in the day of temptation ; bo that daily, with confidence, I nflir sacrifice to' him, and consecrate my soul a living n'c'.iiii to my! Lord, who preserved me in all my trials; s;- that- 1 can sav to him, ' Who am I, O Lord, or what is my dessert, that you should have showered such graces on me?' This day will I extol anilinai. nify thy name, where ever I 'may b , and fin, iiol only in prospenu but achersity, s*- that whaieier may befal me, whether go id or evil I shall en lure it with equanimity, aUavseiving thinks to God. Wherefore, I give thinks to Him who has cojn forted me in all thing':, sn as not to mlprfeie with the journey I hid resolved upon, m r wiih'mv pur. pose, which I hid learned fro ?? my L--rri , but rather, I felt within me an unco i ninn 'strength, and my faith was approved bfefure God and 'lien ' — p. 13. This faith, which he always confessed unto salva tion, he thus pi ices at the he.id of his book (,-. 4) in the following words, not unwoithy of the senti nients adopted in the year 425 by the Fathers of the Council of Nice — ''There nuther is, nor was, nor will be, before, or1 since, any other God, except our unbegotten God, the Father, without beginning, from whom is all beginning. For by him all things, visible and invisible, were made. By him was hegoiten ,his consubstantial Son, who was marie man, and who. having conquered Death, was assumed by his Father into Heaven. He gave him al! power over every name (d), of those that are in Heaven, on earth, and in hell, that every tongue might confess that the Lord Jesus Christ is hr'the glory of God the Father, whom we believe and expect to come, aa the future judge of the living and the dead ; who will render to every one according to his works, and pour out abundantly upon us the gifts of the Holy Ghost, and the pledge of Immortality— making those who believe and obey him,, to become the Sons of God the Father, whom we confess and adore, as one God, in the Trinity of his holy Name.' His lively hope of the Resurrectioti, and of all things good and everlasting, is expressed in these words, p. 23— : ' : '::'-' ' -? '- : ??? ?- '? For, without doubt, we shall ; rise again on the last day, : resplendent' as, the' sun, in the glorv of .Jesus Christ, by 'whom we have b*en redeemed, and made co-heirs', 'like 'the '' Son/Vqf . God, '.being made .oo;}'c'j'l.'.'lb^rt' ike'^creatu're 'of his image ; '! for by , Him.'ariil in 'Him,' 'and ''through. Him, are all thiugs. ? Tobiiii be glory'for eyerhhd for ever. Amen.' (c) His. phafity for.Godand man, everywhere, and expressly in p.' 28 — '::. - -.:?:-,-.. '; And if, ;«by imitation, I have done any good for my. God, whom I love, I pray to him to give me grace to'shed my blood for these converts and cap tives of his. ... In the'very first wort! of his Confession (p. 3), by humility, he acknowledges' himself an unlearned sinner,^ the least of all the faithful, and the mon contemptible amongst tniny. And in p, G— I blush, 'arid very much do dread, to discover openly iny- ignorance.' In' fine, in p.. 23, he 3ays— «. Behold. I.# now commend ray snul to my most faithful God, whose ambassador I am, though' un worthy ; but lie regards not the person,-1 but has chosen me for his ministry, and has apppinted me, one of the least of his servants, to discharge it.' . I must here, particularly draw your attention to that remarkable passage in the work of our Saint, wherein Tie speaks of the Monks and Virgins he had, during his. ministry, consecrated to God. In p. 17, he. declares— ' That the sons of the Scots, and the daughters of their Kings, seem to be the monks and virgins of Christ; nay, even one Scotia, a blessed noble nnd beautiful young woman, was baptized by me ; and after a few days, she addressed herself to me, and intimated she had received a warning from God's messenger, who advised her to remain o virgin of Christ, and thus draw nigh tu God. Thanks be lo God, in six days after, she wisely and cheerfully laid hold of that grace, of which all virgins of God are alike partakers, but not, indeed, according to thc wishes of their parents; yen, rather from lliein, do they suffer reproaches and persecutions unjustly, and, nevertheless, their number daily increases, so that we cannot keep an account of' those of our nation who belong to Christ, not to speak of those who remain widows and unmairied. But even they labour much, who are confined in service, and who endure all things puieiuly, with threats and terrors, But the Lord gave this great grace to many of his handmaids, for, notwithstanding the prohibition, they courageously imitate the example. Now I shall advert lo the pious generosity of those holy women, who present to our Saint their, volun- tary offerings for his use, and who laid them upon that altar, where, in all probability, he officiated in the Divine service, and at which he poured forth this .affecting prayer for the e/erlasting welfare of his people. . In p, 21, he says~ I -have endeavoured to preserve myself for my Christian brethren, and for the Christian virgiiiB, and for these holy women who gave me their volun tary offerings, and laid down their ornaments on the altar. * Therefore I pray (p. 23), that my Lord may never suffer me to lose these people, whom he. has purchased from the extremities of the earth ; and 1 pray him to graut me the grace of perseverance, arid to make me his faithful witness to the hour of iny death, which I will endure for my God ; and if, by imitation, I have done any good for Him whom I love, I ptay Him to give me the grace to shed my blood for these converts and captives of His. ? It may be proper here, and in the words of the Saint himself, to give some intimation of the end arid object he proposed to - himself in writing this Confession. In p. S, he says — ! I formerly intended to write,, and up to this day have hesitated, for I feared I would encounter the reproaches of men, for my sins have prevented me Irom experiencing what ; I had formerly read ; whence this day I blush, and very much do dread to discover openly my ignorance, because I cannot ex plnin, in conciseness of language, what my feelings dictate, and what my mind, and sense, end affections, demonstrate. And if some should seem to prefer me, with my ignorance and unpolished language, for it is written — ' The tonnu'es of stammerers shall learn to speak plainly,' how much more ought not we desire it, who are the Epistle of Christ to the extremity of the earth ; not eloquent, but written in your hearts — not with ink, but with the spirit. of the living God; so that, with fear and reverence, and without reproach, I shall faithfully serve that ' people, whohi the charity of Christ has transferred and bestowed uoon me. I'always give thanks to God, who gave me the grace to believe him faithful without measure, so that I, in these latter days, should dare to attempt this pious and wonderful work, and to imitate those whom our Lord had .formerly foretold, should become the preachers of his Gospel for a testimony to all nations, before the consummation of the world; which, as we have seen it, so it came tn pass. ' For (p. lfi) I am a great dehtor to God, who cave me so great a grnce, that many people should be born unto the Lord through me, and be after wards perfected, so that clergymen should every where receive ordination, to serve a people who lately embraced the faith. — a people whom the Lord had called to himself from the extremities of the earth. . Therefore (p. 19) in spite of the derision and inso lence of all who choose, I will not hold my peace. Wherefore I ought unceasingly give thanks to God, who lias so often indulged my foolishness and negli gence. ? ' ? ? His spirit of mortification was worthy of a Chris tian bishop. In p. 22, he says; — ?- For I know most certainly that poverty and calamity are far more suitable to me than riches and pleasures.' ? ? . -.. In p. 16, he says — I heard them upbraid me as a stranger, and I suffered many persecutions, even unto chains ; and yet I gave inyselt up without reserve for their advantage.' ?'.?.-. : His soul was so devoted to his holy and glorious purpose, that ho attachment to any worldly object remained within him. In p. 15, he says — I obtained that wonderful and saving gift of God — to know hi, n and to love him — so that I should renounce my country and my parents, and the generous offerings that were presented to me. In p. 16, he speaks of his mortifications, and the effects of them, saving — I was sev-reiv punished, and verily, I was humbled bi hunger and nakedness, and daily pro ceeded, though not willingly, towarJs Ireland, until J uearh f tinted away, but all this turned out well lor me became I »as therefore amended by the Lord , ind he st fitted me, that to-day I became 'vhit f lrnie 1\ t tnought I never should have been. His del ichmen1 was so complete, that he exer cistd ,t, aa hi sai^, p 11 — Not oUl, in prosperity but adversity; so that whatever m i- befdl me, whether for good or evil, I shill endure it vith equanimity, always giving thanks to God, who gave me the grace to belfcve hiiu 'faith 'ul' without measure.' We have th» true spmt of detachment, not only from .worldly goods and possessious, and all tilings temporil, but even from life itself; for he says, P- 16— And if T am held worthy, I am ready, imme diately ind cheerfully, to lay down my life for his name'1) s ike, and I desire to sacrifice myself, even unto death, if the Lord should demand it. This present translation is made from that copy of ' The Confession' which was published by the Bollandists in the year 1654. There are three or four other different copies of this work published by the following .--writers, viz. ; — One by Sir James Ware, in the year 1656 ; another by Dr. Charles O'Conor, in the year 1814; and a third by Sir William Betham, in the year 1826, and the last by Dr. Joachim Lorenzo Villaiieuva, in the year 1835. These several publications have been made from one or other of the five following very ancient MS., viz:— The first, more than one thousand years old, to be found in the Library of Trinity College, Dublin, and to be seen among the MS. called ' The Book of Armagh;' the second lo be found in the Monastery of St. Vedast, at Noailles, near Beauvais, in France; the third in the Cottonian Libraiy of the Btitish Museum, London; and the two others in the Library of Salisbury, in Warwickshire England. ... The authenticity and genuineness of the manu scripts have been- at all times admitted and universally acknowledged — and first, by all the ancient, authors of the Life of St. Patrick, who fieqnently^cite this ' Confession' as his genuine work; secondly, by the more mordern' writers, viz. — Bollandus, Ware, Usher,- Colgan, Tillemont, Mabillon, Martenne, O'Conor, Bulter, and Lanigan. 'It. only now 'remains to say one word or two of the language iii which this book was written. It was written by St. Patrick, originally- in the Latin language. St. Augustine died thirty-fivd years before St. Patrick; and it was in this Latin Ian guage that he wrote Ms Confessions, This language ,was acquired by St. Patrick in the prosecution of those studies necessary for the discharge of the functions of his sacred ministry. These studies were made by him at Tours, in Lerins, and at Auxerre, under St. Germain . This language was then, as now, very generally known amongst the leirned and amongst churchmen. It was in this' language that Sulpitius Severus, a schoolfellow of St. Patrick, at Mannoutier, near Tours, wrote the Life of St. Martin, Bishop of Tours. It was in this same language that St. Vincent of Lerins wrote his Cominonitorium, about thirty years before- the death of St. Patrick. About this time, also, the whole volume of the Sacred Scriptures was translated into Latin by St. Jerome, after having been previously circulated throughout the whole Latin Church in an ancient Latin version, which wa9 called the ?' Velu; Itala.' Before I conclude these few words of dedication, allow me once more to recommend this work to your frequent and practical perusal. Give constant glory and thanks to God for the priceless gift of faith, which God has so bountifully bestowed upon you, by the devoted ministry of St. Patrick. Above all things be careful to guard and preserve Ihia precious treasure, and to do the work of Faith. Fur, not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justilied.(a) Be careful aljo to transmit, inviolably and en* tirely, this divine deposit, to your children, and to your remotest posterity j like your generous fore fathers, who have clung, at all times, and in all cir cumstances, with undying tenacity, to tbe doctrines and the ptacticc-E of faith. In fine, take tho heavenly counsel of St. Paul, and aB he advices you—' obey jour Prelates, and he subject to them, for they watch as being to render an account of your souls. '{b) May the God of Peace who brought again from the dead the Great Pastur pf the Sheep, our Lord Jesus Christ, in the blood of the everlasting Testa ment^ make you perfect in every good vvoik, that you may do liis will, working in you, that which is welland pleasing in his sight.(c) J- . Now to Him who is able to pre3erve you without ain, and to present you- spotles»Jbefore- the- presence of his. glory, with exceeding joy, fin;the ooming of , our IJ.ord:Jesus Christ. .' To the only God pur Saviour, , through Jesus Christ our Lord, be glory and magnificence, . do minion and power; before all ages, both now and for ever and ever. — Amen, (a) With feelings of deep sympathy in all your sufferings, and with best wishes and heartiest prayers for your avery 'welfare, I remain your faith ful and devoted servant in Christ. ,:: V, ' '??''?, ;;J. HAMILTON, St. Mich.an's.. [.(To be coutinucd.) 