PASTORAL. The following address lias been issued by his Grace the Archbishop to the Catholics of Mailland and the neighbouring districts. The Archbishop, accompanied by the Vicar-General, left Sydney for Maitland by Wednesday's steamer. Dearly Beloved — We have heard, with great pain, of the recent disturbance in Maitland, caused by the outrageous insult offered to oar Church by a speaker at a late public meeting. We do not wonder at your feelings of anger, for we know well though perhaps the world does not know, that Cal tholics feel more acutely an insult to their faith and Church than an attack upon themselves personally. It is the natural result of a true, living faith. But* dearly beloved, we would fain have seen all of you choose the nobler part, and so shame your assailant by enduring your wrong in silence. In truth, you little know to what extent ignorance of Catholic doctrine ami practice prevails amongst eren educated men who are not Catholics;, and, if you cnuld see into the minds of your assailants, you would behold blunders and confusion in their ideas of our Church, that would provoke rathpr your mirth than your anger. However, we are not proposing tn urge such considerations upon you ; but at once to cany your thoughts back to the scenes which, during the last Holy week, have been occupying your thoughts, and to bid you overcome natural' resentment by looking anew on the example of Him who bore with patience the extremily of wrong, and insult, and blasphemy, for our sakes, and that we might be imitators of Him. This imitaiion is what He would hav-- fr;m us— what he chooses as the proof of our love. Let no one say that Catholics have refused this proof. The very depths of worldly shame and degradation, the cross and. its ignominy,- resulted, yon know, in the glories of Easter; and now every knee bows at the name of Him who was once the scorn and outcast of men. And the life of our blessed Lord is ever being lived over airain in his Church. Only do not you mar God's blessing by refusing to receive ar.d to bear with patience this little cross of insult. You may heap coals of fire upon your assailant, by showing that you value, indeed, the external honour of your Lord's Church, but that you. embrace and value mimic mgiiij, iuit iiimu mi v^nrist wnich he came to form in his true followers. Jesus autem'tacebat. I' Jesus held his pear-e.' This was written for your instruction, and to show what manner of men He would have you to be when misrepresentation, and wrong, and blasphemy are at their worst. Leave God to avenge his own cause. Let no one persuade you that any good, no, not even of worldly credit, can come of anger and violence. Peace, good order, Christian patience, these must be your watch words, as you are tru; Christians. Men are afraid, it is said, that there may be a breach of peace and good order in Maitland. We are not so afraid, for we feel assured tliat you will have nothing to do with such outbreak, because you value too highly the honour of God and of his Church. We are fol lowers of One who was called by names worse than the name of heathen. Be you His true children; and the more any one from ignorance, or malice, charge your faith and your Church with heathenism, do you so much the more compel all men by your conduct to acknowlertgn that you have the Christ, like tempers of peacefulness and love, and lung suffering patience in your hearts. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of tyd, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. ' ? '+ John Bedb, Archbishop of Sydney. Wednesday, Easter Week, 1 860. 