TEE NEWS OF THE DAY. The Land Bill was advanced several stages in the Council yesterday, by the acceptance of free selection at an uniform price of Ll an acre, with the extension of the limit of ' special landB' from half a mile to one mile from the boundaries of all lands alienated at the time of passing the bill. Mr Bennett made a deter mined attempt to introduce the general prin ciple of valuation into the bill by striking out the whole of tho 19th (free selection) clause. A npw nlmiRfl far t.Vift nnrnnn« by Mr Mitchell, was ordered to be printed, with a view to its formal discussion on Tuesday next, when no doubt a good deal of the old ground will bo re-travelled. The infamous case, as we may truly term it, of Ferguson v. Andrews, was brought to a con clusion in the Supreme ' Court yesterday, and resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, damages, . L350. The disclosures made in its progress point to a state of things fearful to contem plate, but, unfortunately, we believe, only con stituting an exaggerated illustration of a social condition, still underlying, in some degree, all colonial communities. The case is, in fact, a remnant of the convict system prevalent in certain of the neighboring colonies in days gon by. Some persons will, no doubt, b ready enough to sneer at this re volting case as a specimen of Aus tralian Morality, but it should not be forgotten that all tho aotors in it wero ready-made of fenders against morality and decency, imported from the old country, whose previous training left them no room to profit by their colonial ex periences. Loathsome as some of the details of this oase are, perhaps, the knowledge that such a condition of affairs exists, may incite the friends of virtue to consider whether they cannot do something to check the contagious extension of suoh systematic depravity amongst the portion of our community as yet free from, or but' partially affected by, the licentiousness around them. The opinions expressed by the country press upon the merits of the late ministerial crisis and Mr Nicholson's return to office are, as might be expected, of various hues. The general tendency, however, is decidedly in favor of the Ministry. The Mount Alexander ' Mail considers that Mr Nicholson has so com pletely re-established hia position that he re sumes office ' without being asked to give up the slightest principle of the measure,' and congratulates the country on the present aspect of affairs. Tho Bendigo Advertiser condemns Mr Nicholson in having, as alleged, taken a step whioh has resulted in nothing, at least so far as the Advertiser can see. The Ballaarat Times trusts that it will not follow f the example of the ' Corner,'' in their recent ' fulsome adula tion,'' nor ' rush into a rabid denunciation of conduct whioh, however inconsistent with that which had just preceded it, recommends itself to oui understanding, and is diotated by a sense of duty.' But, perhaps, the clearest expression of feeling, wo may also say of opinion, is given by the Ballaarat Star, which say3 : — ' So far we may congratulate ourselves. The information j forwarded by telegraph is sufficiently clear and distinct to warrant us in pronouncing a decided opinion to thexeffect that the Council has given way, and that the Land Bill will yet, and that, too, ere long, become tho law of the land, re taining substantially the same features as those with which the publio is already so familiar. We gather, however, that some modifications have beon frccepted by the Ministry with a view to the! passing of the measure by the Council ; buy what these modifications aro, fur ther than wnt they are not accepted by the ' Corner,' we do not gather from the report of tho debato in the Assembly.' It appear^ from tho statements current in various localities that the mining share mania is undergoing a revival upon somo of tho gold fields, and that various spccies of imposition are accompanying tho excitement. A corres pondent writing upon this subject says ' that thero aro not wanting individuals to so far take advantage of this unhealthy feeling as to be guilty of the meanness and dishonesty of spreading reports wholly at variance with truth, as to the sums offered and refused for shares on the various reefs. Somo of them have even purchased specimens for the purpose of showing them as the product of small leaders found in the working of their own shafts. I'a fact, in a great number of instances, claims ure being at praseat worked, for tho sole purpose of being sold to the unwary and gullible, without refer ence in tho slightest degree t# their auriferous character or the injury whioh nr^y be inflicted upon a promising gold field by such a reprehen sible system.' Although there i'i nothing novel in such a state of things existing under such circumstances, it certainly is to be regretted that the prospects of our goldfields should bo jeopardized, as undoubtedly they are, by such proceedings. Thenecessity of establishing juvenile reforma tories was again brought under tho attention of the Chief Secretary yesterday, by a deputa tion from the committee of management of the Immigrants' Home. Mr Harcourt particularly laid before Mr Nicholson the difficulties under which they labored in not having any legal con trol over tho children ; the consequence was, that numbers were induced to abscond by their depraved relatives, and were immediately trained to the vilest habits and actions. II u instanced two or three peculiarly distressing cases : one of a girl, about thirteen, who had been for somo considerable time in the Home, and whom it was hoped would become a useful member of society ; she was decoyed away by her mother, fell into bad company, and is now undergoing a sentence of three months' imprisonment in tho hulks. Another little girl, only ten years of age, was induced to abscond in the same manner, and fell into a life of immorality in less than one week. Mr Nicholson promised to consult his colleagues on tho matter, and to see if any thing could be done even at this late period of the session to alleviate the ovil. There are few subjects more needing attention. Those who have resided much upon the gold fields can, no doubt, bear testimony to tho skill of our Celestial visitors in horticultural pur suits. The Chinese, near Vaughan, as we learn from a local writer, have a number of highly cultivated gardens, from which our own vege table growers could doubtless derive some valuable hints. One of these industrious Celestials at Pennyweight Flat, pays L25 per annum for the use of a single acre. One plot of ground consisting of about two acres, is most admirably kept, and is irrigated by means of a horse pump. With this assistance the pro prietors are enabled to grow esculents through the driest weather, and derive a very good in come from their labor. Apparently, the Celes tials aro as unable as Europeans to discover a remedy for tho aphis, for as soon as tho fly makes its appearance in the young plants, they are pulled up and thrown aside. On Wednesday evening last, the Geelong Company of Volunteer Rifles presented a silver cup and testimonial to Serjeant-Major Vercoe, to whom the company has been indebted for instruction in drill and the arts of war. We learn from the Advertiser that this is not the first instance in which Mr Vercoe has received marks ef the approval of his military compa triots. His ' certificate of discharge' from the lioyal Engineers, contains the following re mark : — 'He is in possession of a distinguished badgefor good conduct, and his general character has been exemplary.' For services in the Royal Engineers he holds a gold watch with inscription, a large medal, and a certificate with the autograph signature of his Royal highness Prince Albert. Honorable mention of him also appears in the published history of the same corps. The cup now added to his stock of honorably-won treasure weighs near about 20 ounces, and was designed and executed by our Mr Fischer, Market square. The testimonial, engrossed on parchment, is signed by all the officers and non-commissioned officers and as many men as the sheet could contain. It was executed by Mr T. C. Camm, and contains the the following Geelong Volunteer Rifle Regiment — We, the undersigned officers, non commissioned officers, and members, request Sergeant-Major John Vercoe to accept the ac companying cup presented to him by the regi ment, in testimony of his praiseworthy conduct and valuable services. Sergeant-Major John Vercoe has shown a thorough knowledge of hi duty, a preoision and clearness in imparting instruction, and an indefatigable' zeal in promo ting the interests of the regiment which have rendered his services of the. highest value, and we trust that they will be long retained.' The BaUaarat Star announces that in that township are located two undertakers. The faot is, perhaps, of little import; but the follow ing, in connection with it, gives it a little inte rest. In carrying out the business, says the above- named journal, one of these undertakers opened a branch establishment in one of the principal streets of the township. His rival, with a discriminating perception, at once saw that it was necessary also to extend his move ments to the same locality, so he, too, determined to open an establishment there. Having pro cured premises not a hundred miles from the hospital, he decided that they should be done up in a style suitable for the business, and accordingly waited on ap artistic painter and decorator, and gave him an order to spare no pains in the exterior decorations of the shop, the exact position of which he took some pains to inform him of. Having given all the ^ necessary instruc tions, as he thought, ho quietly took his depar ture, and tho painter in due time prooecded to fulfil the instructions which he had received, and spared no pains to throw the rival estab lishment lower down into the ' shade.' When all was finished, the enterprising employer pro ceeded to inspect his shtp, which he conjectured had got an artistic touch, and he was right ; but to his horror and amazement he beheld, as the painter, in exultation pointed -out the various embellishments of the edifice, that the knight of the brush had been painting the wrong house, and that tho building which was his property had never been touched at all. A curious caso of '' shooting with intent' occurred on Thursday at New Zealand Gully, in the Bendigo distriot. It appears that a laborer named named John Gabriel Garrett went into a store at Dsrwent Gully, kept by ono John Thomas, where he wa3 supplied with beer, which, with the assistance of two men and two women, he consumed ? to the amount of two pots. Tho proprietor of the Btore at length came into the house, and commenced using abusive language, when Garrett remon strated with him. This further irritated Thomas, who threatened to shoot him, and immediately .fetched a gun from his bedroom, and discharged the contents at Garrett's legs, the charge entering the anterior and inner portion of the ankle joint. Thomas expressed his regret at what he had done, and remained with tho unfortunate man until the arrival of a policeman, when he vras taken in charge. At tho City Police Court yesterday, George Gardner, chargcd with stealing a quantity of shop goods from, the premises of his employer, Mr Hickinbotham, draper, of Collins street east ; and Annette de Clifford, aliax Mrs OwenB, with receiving the same knowing it to be stolen, were remanded to Monday for further evidence as to tho male prisoner's k connection with the female prisoner. The delay in the arrival of tho English mail has been made a source of profit by some in genious individuals in the country. On Thurs day evening Castlemalne was set in a stato of excitement by a man selling what purported to be a telegram of European news. He was very successful at first, and sold a largo num ber of slips at sixpence each ; but the decep tion was at last discovered, and the vendor suddenly disappeared. ' 'Tis an ill wi*d that blows no man good.' A testimonial has been presented to James Daly, Esq , the Police Magistrate for Ba'ilaarat east and Warden of tho gold-field. A publio dinner of course took place on the occasion, and a large number of persons holding influence in the district sat down. The gift vms in the form of an address, engrossed on parchment, and to which 1000 signatures bad been at tached ; among them being that of the Post master-General, almost all the rciembors of the Municipal Council, an-4 the Mining Board. The proceedings on the occasion seem to have been carried out with muc'a enthusiasm and good feeling. Tho Hall of the Mechanics' Institute was crowded to excess yesterday evening ; in fact, numbers had to go away unable to obtnin ad mission. The attraction was Mr Michie's lecture on the ' Philosophy of Ghosts and Witchcraft.' And altJiough the horn, gentle man succeoded in thoroughly demonstrating tho faot, that the daya of witchcraft are gone, and that witches are no more, yet he as cer tainly succeeded, to all intents and purposes, in as thoroughly bewitching his audience, who seemed thoroughly fascinated, no less by the lecturo itself, than by the inimitable manner of the lecturer. For several minutes at the conclusion, although the Hall was so densely crowded, the most, intense silence was obierved, until she assembly, unable any longer to con trol their feelings, broke forth in an unre strained burst c£ applause. It is only to be re gretted that such lectures aro too much like angels' visits, few and far between. The Chinese predilection for cocks and hens, but especially for the former, has lately been exemplified in ways by no means satisfactory to the good people of Ballaarat. Inroads npon hen roosts are a favorite occupation with the Celes tials, but tho fancy would seem to affect them at intervals moro seriously. Sometimes it is prevalent at one place, sometimes at another, but seldom is it general at one time throughout tho country. The fashion now reigns on Bal laarat, and nightly ''depredations there have made the feathered tribe very uncertain pro perty. Up to the present the thieves have escaped detection. A meeting for the purpose of eliciting public opinion with regard to the Land Bill, was held yesterday evenin?, at the Mechanics' Institute, J TTi'M „„„ sons attended, and three resolutions were passed respecting the subject. Messrs Wilson Gray, Woods, Tope, and Ferguson were the principal speakers, and the proceedings throughout were characterised by the greatest decorum. A deputation from the inhabitants of Sandhurst, yesterday morning, waited upon the hon. the Chief Secretary for the purpose of endeavoring to persuade him to expand about L3000 more- in finishing the construction of the sludge channel in that district, and so pre vent the whole country being submerged by sludge. It appeared that about L35.000 had already been spent in Sandhurst for that pur pose, and the deputation wanted only just JU3UUU more to nnisn tne usue jod. xno utuet Secretary, however, informed them that there was only L1800 of the vote of tho House left applicable for the purpose. The deputation urged sundry arguments in their favor. Amongst others, Mr Howard advanced the rather singular one, that if the money was not forthcoming, and the sludge removed, at no very distant period the patriots of 'East 'Col- lingwood would be 'down on tho^ Chief Seore tary' for submerging the patrimony of the people. Mr Nioholson, however, was obdu rate, even to this patriotic appeal. He couldn't give what he hadn't got, and tho deputation had to be satisfied with the promise that he would do his ibest with the funas in hand. The case of Ah Tong, a Chinaman, oharged with attempting to sell a small quantity of spurious gold to Mr Clarke, gold-broker, Eliza beth street, was brought up yesterday and re manded to this day, for tho re-consideration of the case after the completion of that against Ah Yet, for the same offence. The Bench were disposed to take an exceptional view of this particular case, in favor of the prisoner. At a meeting convened at Gibson's Hotel, Oakleigh, yesterday, a large number of the farmers and influential members of the district passed the following resolutions, Dr L. L. Smith presiding : — Proposed by Mr . Audsley, and se conded by Mr James — ' That for the present as well also as for the future prosperity of this colony a speedy passing of the Land Bill is impera tive ; that thousands are and have been waiting for a settlemert of this question, to enter upon the lands, and provide homes for themselves and families, but that the delay caused by the inter ested and obstructive opposition of the noncon tents in the Upper House iB causing the gradual decrease in the funds of those desirous of pur chasing and settling down on the lands, and by thus diminishing their resources, their numbers are in like manner decreased ; and therefore that, as the present bill is a commencement of a future land policy containing, with it, those principles which have met with the approba tion of the people and their representatives, this meeting calls upon those interested in the future welfare of this colony, and upon tho representatives of the people to use all the constitutional means in their power to pass tins measure speeaiy tnrouga tne legislature. Proposed by Mr Sherwin, and seconded by Mr Norton : — ' That this meeting views with sus picion the course taken by the present Ministry in accepting office, after resigning, without at the same time having any security or pledges that the principles of the bill will be carried out ; and it therefore earnestly urges the re presentatives of the people in Parliament as sembled to watch with care and _ to guard against any infringement upon the liberal and vftal principles of the Land Bill now before the Legislative- Council, viz. — free selection, de ferred payments,, and uniform fixed price, and free commonage for miners and agriculturists.' ' 