PICKINGS FEOM PUNCH. IMPOETAKT MBD1CA1, MEETING. a numerous rneeucg ot the medical profession waa held at Apothecaries' Hall, on Tuesday eVeSng. for tS pnrpeseof conBidering the propriety Of presenting* testimonial from the Drofessinn ir. it,. --fi..i. _r*V7 Weather, in rtttun for his recent management of his department. Dr. Twaddler was unanimously called ta the cbair. Dr. Twaddler said that he and oiher gentlemen had felt that the weatber for the last month bad been so ex* traordinarily favourable to the profits, the legitimate profits— (hear, hear)— of the profession to which he had the honour to belong, and was so txaotly that which u medical man with a proper regard for bis lamily must bs delighted to see, that it seemed hardly proper to pass it over without notice. Tne thermometer had varied 20 degrees in a day, and tumbled baok, or inn np again ia a night, and ke was happy to think that few constitu tions were insensible of changes which tent a man out to his work perspiring and biosgbt him home freezing. For himself, he had much more work to do than ha could possibly perform, and he had been compelled t) restrict his attendance to the residences mentioned iu the^ Peerage. Bat he did not grudge a ahaie in tha spoils— (laughter)— to kis professional brethren. (Ap« plause.) He would call on hia friend, Mr. Honejboy, w move thefiut resolution. Mr. Honeyboy said that they should really cut matter* short, for time was fees in a time like this, and they must make hay while the influenza shines upon them. He was happy to say that the weather was most trying, most depressing; you scarcely met a person without h miserable cougb, and as for the children, their life wrs ona long snivel. (Applause.) He thought the Clerk of Uw Weather deserved their belt thanks.and— (here a buttony lad ran In and whispered tha speaker. (Ironical plaudits. I No, no, my dear fellows, said Mr. Honeyboy laughing, ifd not humbug this time; he has a real message for me, u whole family laid up, thank influenza. (The speaker bolted.) Mr. IVJSmulgent said that their friend had gone off in racha hurry,apeilently— (roarsof laughter)— that heha4 forgotten Ma resolution. Truly thiy ought to ba thankful, for never was there so much sickness about— not dangerous, mind you, for that it would be wrong ta be glad of, besides its being diQcult t» deal with, buc tbat sort of very troublesome, irritating, disagreeable! illness that made everybody fidgetty and frightened un less the medical man was constantly in the house. He thought, however, tbat any demonstration oa tbelr part was unwise, as there was already a feeling abroad that if people washed themselves well, lived well, took exer cise, talked cheerfully, and laughed often, thej might do without a good deal of the medical attendance they non paid heavily for, and it would be well not to increaso any prejudice against the profession. Mr. Jfitzlabel agreed. They were going on very well, let them take their money and be quiet. He had hia washing copper brewed full of tbt ' Draught' every morning, and it was empty at night. (Sensation and applause.) Dr. Greed had been afraid the weather was going to settle, but up to that, time there were no unfavourable symptoms. He adviaod their making their game while they could, and talking abtut it, if people wanted to talk (be dida't) afterwards. Dr. Twaddler sala that as this seemed to be the view of the meeting, he would adjourn it ntte iii, and retire from the cbair, heartily congratulating the profession on » state of things that must fill them with so much jus. ' tl Sable pleasure. After tbe usual vote of thanks, the meeting ruthtd off to make pills. 1815 AND 1880. Sat beside the spent Yule-log, Iu its grey ashes lying ; Outside, in cold December's arm*, The Old Y«ar lay a-dying. The spirits of the bygone yean Moved round him, to and fro; And the young New Year stood bent to bsar Tbe red cock's midnight crow, At tbe bells begin to ring him in Merrily over the snow. But never New Year, methought, did wear Upon bis baby brow, : , 1 less blithesome cheer than this New Year . ' That we have crowned e'en now. His baby head is helmeted, In bis baby grasp a brand, Id bis baby eye a mystery, And a look of stem command ; And babe though he be, it Is plain to in Ha has maa's work on hand. Proudly, but pamf ally he itept Up to the vacant throne, Across the corpse of the dead Old Tear That lay uncrowned, and prone. And to all the hosts of the pait jean' (host* This haughty ohailenge threw— Your work ye have done, but never a one Saoh work as I've to do; From tbe first of the Eightoenhundreds To him that I'm heir unto. When to answer his boast, forth stepped a ghost Of diplomatic air; Hlscoat wasbroideredonalltheseanu, ; Htaknee was gartered fair; With stars, and crosses, aad ribbons, Hii breast it glittered sheen, . , «o order at all, so great or small, But there iU badge was seen; Qaothhe— ?? You see here, that famous yes* l : Eighteen hundred and fifte*m. ' '£was I *** drew tbe protocols Of Paris and Vienna,; Laid Europo's beat and bravest at rest Ia Waterloo's red Gehenna ; 'Twas I pulled down Napoleon ; And set the Bourbon high; ,, Twas I gave France her last war-d»nee, ' '' .mAn' her suPP«r of humblo-ple ; ?Twas I that linked black eagles three . i In a Holy Alliance tie. * ' ~ \ ' The map of Europe I recast In the form it wears to-day ; Knccked frontiers about, dealt kingdoms out. In a free-and-easy way. I pooh-poohed national feelings, I laughed at the claims of race ; What were they to escape my stout red tape, Or protest In my parchment's face r So I bade them be quiet, and diplomates' fiat I set up in their place. ' All this did I, with a hand so high, , Tbat (he pressure yet remains ; My mould I set on the world, and yet That mould tho world retains. 'Tis true that of my protocols Kings and Kaisers have cracked a few ; They hava sat up a new crown here and then. And burked a republic or two— The Napoleons have turned up again, And the Bourbons fallen through. . ~ ' But still I'm the year that all revere As the ground of things that be ; Not a Kaiser or King his title can bring To other fonnder than tne. ? . And you dare come, you Hop-o'-my-Thumb, To talk of your work— pooh-pooh ! After all I have done, I should like to know What there is left for you?' Quoth young Sixty, serene, ' You forget, Fifteen, Y«ur doings to undo I' HE'S NOT EVEBOTODI. ' ; M. do WalewsM, who 1b a Pole, threatens to resign* ' ? office if the Pope's despotism is not to be upheld. Sup pose he did resign ? There are still two other Poles, : on which we almost venture to believe the world would - still revolve. TOAST AT AN AGBICULTPRAL MEETIHO. 'Hera's to the Riflemen— England's truest and btanchost pro'ectionista 1' __ THE HOME MAEKET. oj via mis man irom nongsong, we are lmormsa, in the midst of the commercial intelligence, as fol lows :— 'American Drills— Nothing doing and very largo stocks on hand.' It is quite different with the British drills in our Volunteer market, we rather guess. Here the drills could not be firmer nor steadier, and if the stocks of the guns are rather heavy on hand, still they will b» found to go off very briskly whenever a demand shall arise for them. They will not hang fire thn you may be sure of it. We are glad to Btate that the utmost confidence prevails in tha English drill market, and that iiot a single step has been taken in that direction but what has been of a forward and most cheering nature. Numerous as the British drills now are, an4 they have spread so quickiy and no universally all over the country that there is scarcely an Englishman's leg that by this time has not gone through tome sort of drill, it gives us great and uurlxed satisfaction to re mark that there is scarcely a bit of bad stuff amongst the whole lot of them. It is also a new feature in thejo British drills, that thero is not the least ihrinklag about them. The more they are tried, the stouter they stand. JUVENILE EIFLE COBPS. ' Acacia Honse Academy, January, 18SV9 ' Mr. Punch— Please, Sir, it says in the paper that ' there is a talk of military training iu public seboolg. Tkat means College boys only ; but I with yon would* try to get all of us to have to be taught to be soldiers, and especially shooting with the rifle, which would be jolly fun. There is nothing like beginning when a fellow is young; and old Slater would be 10 precious; mad. If he smells the least gunpowder, he gets in such a rage ; and just let him find a chap out letting off a squib or a encker— wouldn't a fellow jiut catch it, that's all! Shouldn't I like him to see me biting off the end of a cartridge, in which I would mak» mouths at him, as if I couldn't help it Eifles is a game I would ever so much sooner play than prisoner's base, or football, or even cricket ; and I'd a good deal rath* have a lot of bullets than 60 many marbles, even If they were all alleys. Do, Mr. Puuch, try and make old Slater forced to have us all drilled and brought up to be Bile men, to fight for our parents and friends. Tha Collet** boys would only be a few, bnt we should be ever so many. I shall now conclude, hoping, next half, that, instead of nothing but lessons nnd Bums, our preceptor will enjoy' the pleasing task of teaching the young Idea how to, shoot ; and I remain, dear Hi. Punch, home for tha holidays, Your young friend, 'Bweas, Jxnnoav ' P.S. I've just thonght of some copies that could b* set for boys that were being drilled and brought up to b# Volunteers. For instance. Avoid Qnak»n; Advaocsj Artillery; Britons Shoot Hone; Charge Bayonets: Cavalry are Wanted ; Drill is a Dot; ; Keep Close Order ; Bespect Riflemen; Shoulder Arms, 4c. What do you, ?'? think of that sort of thing for text-hand copy-slipi ?' ' ' TOO GOOD BY HALT. A reporter on one of our leading journal aad well known amongst his comrades for his love. of tieiokdfar nienUy which he has carried to the. most dalightrol height of ftiineantitme, was asked why ha didn't join a Uifle Corps; when he replied, in atone of the moat pro? found conviction, that evidently released him hi his own - mind from all future liability, M No, no, my dear fellow one Volunteer is worth two Press men any day.' * STAGE LAWYERS. Reader, constant or Inconstant reader,- tare sou ere* ' noticed ho» the lawyers are maligned and maltreated ? by the dramatists ? As a rule, ona never Bees a honeit lawyer on the stage. Indeed, the part would be so. ' novel that an actor would require to be paid extra for [-erforming it. We ahould as soon expect a dramatist to write a part for a gorilla as introduce so stranee an mimal as a honest lawyer. No. A lawyer on a stag* . - is invariably a bad one. In comedy he is the evil ;enlns of the piece, and though he trinmphs for an, set or two, before the cartain falls he always gets tka irorst of it. In melodrama he iB, if not the villain o| ihe piece, at least the villain's bosom friend arid illegal idriser. In a nautical drama he is always found con sorting with the smugglers and the pirates. The Jack Pars call him 'land-shark,' and threaten to harpoon aim or to '? darken bis skylights.' They nickname, kirn a ' lubber,' and bid him ' sheer off, or they '11 sent-! tie him.' They shiver their timbers when he heaves in sight, and swear they '11 make lohscouse of him if ha somes athwart their hawse. In farce, too, you may be sure, a lawyer's never in-, Produced excepting to be laughed at His make-up, la ilwaysthe signal fora roar. His lean lanthorn-jawsi . '. are as yellow as' old parchment, and be dresses in * seedy shiny swallow- tailed black coat, buttoned tight lorou his chest to make him look like a starred scan Brow. HU iplnileshanks of legs ar» made- to look JtUl thinner by being cased in UghU^nd hla hand* are. suveloped in a mans of woellen fabric, which appaan to be supposed to -Jo duty f»r gloves. Then, the treatment he receives, is of as had a rashlon nearly as his dress. He rarely cornea on the. itege excepting to be kicked off it Lira a dog upon ?., . the racecourse, everybody hoots at him. Infant, tha part which lawyers have to play upon tbo itagt ia \o get ths kicks and cud bat not the alx-and *lgafe- Mmees. Like Pantaloons in pantomime*, they t* - Eaocked about and jecrad at, aad an ~— finaUT UuolMd np with th» red and of th« hot pok«. 