ANOTHER SHIP DESTROYED BY FIRE. In yesterday's issue we announced thit the ship PhojLix was on firo ia tho Bay. The following are the particulars as fir as we could glean them: — At about one o'clock yesterday morning, the master (Captain Hoxie) was aroused by the second officer informing him that the ship was on firo. He imme diately went on deck, and there seeing flames issuing i from the fore hatchway, ordered the bell to be rung as an alarm. Captains Thorndike, Creesy, and Dunbar arrived in their boats very shortly afterwards, as also officers and crews of the ships Southampton, and Oithona. Every effort was made by them to ex tinguish the flames, but by this time they had gained so great an ascendancy that the force pump was com pletely enveloped by them. Ordors were then issued to scuttle the vessel, but she rose so fast out of the water that the holes put in were of no avail. At half- past one Mr Fullerton, the deputy harbor master, got alongside, shortly after whioh the foremast, mainmast, and mizen topmast went over board together with one craBb. l'his lightened the ship considerably, and brought her fully fifteen inches above the scuttle holes. Mr Fullerton than got the volunteers to make fresh att;mpts at scuttling, but it proved agaiu unsuccessful. At half past two the fore man and carpenters of the Marine Yard arrived, and under the direction of Mr Fullerton had in fifteen minutes two scuttle holes oighteeu inches square cut into hor side below the watjr lino. These holes they continued cutting larger ns tho vessel filled, until alio took tha ground, at four o'clock, iu twenty 'fivo feet of water. Tbe steamer Hercules was kept in readiness, for, in oaso cf the scuttlo Iiole.=i not being effective, Mr Fullerton intended to have the chains cut and the vessel towed clear of tho haibor. Sho now lies sunk iu four fathoms of water, at low tido, the main deck being awash. If immediate steps aro taken she will be got afloat, aud the remainder of tha cargo recovered with but little difficulty. The whole of the fire ou the upper part of the vessel was extin guished by tho engines of the Southampton and Hercules. Tho Puceaix was to have sailed on tha following day for London, having ou board a valuable cargo, consisting of upwards of 2000 bales of wool, 300 tons of hides, and a quantity of tallow. For tunately, tbo gold, amounting to l'i,000 ounces, 10,000 of whioh bills oflading had been signed for, was not on board, yesterday afternoon being the time fixed for shipping it. Tho PbMnix was, as has been Btated iu our journal, one of tho finest speoimens of naval architecture that has ever entered our waters. She was 1587 ton# register, and reckoned anr.ngst the fastest ships afloat. Sho was the property of Charles Oarow, of New York, and Capt. Hoxie is not aware whether or not Bhe is insured. No idea as to the origin of tho fire can be foiuied, but, Jet it have occurred how it may, a strict investigation ought to be held on it. It is the general opinion that very little of tbo - cargo or the lower part of the ship will be fouud to be damaged by fire as it aeeineil to bo entirely confined to tbo upper part. Alra Hoxie, with her infant and ssrvant were riscued by the boals of the Southampton, taking with them only a very small quantity of clothes. Captain Noriuan, officers, and crew of H. M. » ten n sloop Victoria, wero on board vary shortly after the fire first showed itself. Not to mb Found in UuSwell — 'Is it wrong, Doctor, to believe iu ghost-) ? ' ' No. S r, no tnoia wrong than believing iu you- It may be foolinb ; but there being uo subs-tince of fouud .lion for thu belief, the folly. Sir, is quite immaterial,' — -l/r Punch's Un published Anccdotes of Dr Johnson. It ia rulatecl ol tnu iiriuul Duku - f Tuscany tu t he commenced an mldreBS to bis troops as follows : — ' The duty of a good soldier aud a good christian is. to be iu any oaso faithful to his sovereign).-' said Leo pold; 'aud — and' — while his eyes, Vesting on the feet of the men before him, instead of in their faoes, suggested the only conclusion of this heranguo that ho could bit on — 'and to keep his shoes clean.' Folks must put up 'ni' their own kin as they do wi' their own noses — it's their own flesh an l blood. For a whole raon'.h after the Misses Flirt got new mantillas, they were at church three limes on Sundays. 