RECOLLECTIONS OF A VISIT TO MELBOURNE, hO. I. 'MB. DUDDLE, sir?' 'No, sir; no such gentleman on board, sir,' said one of the stewards of the Sternfirst, steamship, (which was lying at the Sandridge pier,) in reply to the enquiry of m^ valued friend, Captain Splicem, about 6 o'clock one fine morning, a few weeks ago. 4 Here's Joey Duddle,' shouted I, open ing my eyes, and hastily scrambling,out of my berth, having overheard the col loquy, and the retreating footsteps of my disappointed friend up the companion stairs. ' Here's Mr. Duddle : hoy! stew ard, stop the gentleman,' I shouted, as I excitedly selected my apparel from the assortment on the cabin floor, which was mutually owned by my two slumbering cabin partners and myself, and having hastily enveloped myself in my gar ments, emerged from the state-room (an enclosure containing about as many cubic feet as an omnibusj, glad enough to breathe the fresh air, and rest my body. You may safely trust a sailor in any emergency ; he is one of the best travel ling companions in the world; nothing frightens him (except ghosts), and he can turn his hand to anything Porters were scarce on that spot at that early hour, but with my sturdy pride-scorning friend at my side, I could be independent of the whole fraternity. My portman teau was hoisted on to his back in the turn of a capstan, and in another turn I found myself in one of those conve niently-shaped cabs or cars which abound in that part of the world, and was rapidly rolling along a smooth road towards Ruby Yale, and the home of my amphi bious friend, which was to be my home ffro tern. It was not a mansion : it was not even a stylish villa, but it was a solid, sensible looking red brick house, with a very pretty little flower garden in front. Within it was every comfort which warm hearts could suggest, and willing hands prepare. There was homeliness, cleanliness, cheerfulness, and that real happiness which true reli gion never fails to supply. I felt myself at home in ten minutes, and in two days was as much a part of the family circle as if I had been born and bred in the Itoutje, and all mj fidgets and fancies ! were studied with a grandmother's soli citude. Refinement is indispensable to my comfort, but stiff, ceremonious, heart freezing formalities I abhor I would a hundred times sooner spend a month with congenial friends in a slab shanty, if there were a fire-place in it (and no holes in the walls for draughts and tic doloreaux to penetrate), with homely wholesome fare and cleanliness, than I would spend a year in magnificent marble halls, surrounded by a multitude of flun kies, if I were expected to keep myself as stately and stiff as a tailor's dummy. * * * * * '« I recollect somewhere hearing of an old gentleman, a native of the City of London, who was unfortunate enough to be at sea (for the first time in his life), on hoard a steamer in a gale of wind, and the steamer was on fire. The terri fied old gentleman rushed on deck to the captain, and with his eyes and month extended, and his hair as erect as a new broom, exclaimed, in piteous tones, 'I want to go home 1' When I dropped out of an omnibus at the corner of Swanston and Bourke-streets, about noon, auiidst the busy, jostling, shillings-seeking cro d, I felt, for a few minutes, as be wildered as the poor old cockney gentle man. and my heart sighed,' I want to go home.' However, I soon got reconciled to the din and bustle, and began almost to enjoy the excitement, and to make my observations on some of the many start ling novelties of that wonderful city. The first comical idea which struck me 1 in my morning's ramble was, that a clicque of sharpers had stolen all the ' razors in the city, which accounted for the crowds of hairy visages which met my view at eyery turn. 'Poor fellows! I exclaimed, 4 no wonder, they look so grim and savage: and my sympathies | were at once divided between the razor less victims and the bankrupt barbers j until they were called into more rational ' exercise by the contemplation of tbe forlorn condition of the many unem ployed persons who were leisurely walk ing the streets with hunger depicted in their faces. Vast numbers of strong abl® men-and apparently willing men lack* ing work and lacking food. I waa ac qtofai bf several, who solicited empJoy jnent, and expressing their willingness to -irork'for their victuals only. Continuing my walk to the end of Awanston-Btreet, I saw a number of men busily employed breaking stones for th9 roads. On conversing with several of them I learned th*t\bout two cubic vafto of stones are considered an aver age day's work for a strong man, and the pay for breaking them is 2s. 3d, per yard. * I should be satisfied with that wage, poor as it is,' said a quiet sensible-look ing man, * if J could only get constant work.' Poor fellow I I heartily wished that he had constant work, and a little better pay, for how he contrived to sup port a wife and three children, in such an expensive place as Melbourne, I could not guess; and yet there were thousands in Melbourne that day who might envy that man's condition. . Heigho !' I grum bled to myself, as I strolled away, * the longer I live in the world the more misery I see, and have less power to remedy it. How I wish those legislating gentlemen yonder would just take a walk with me through part of this city to-morrow ^morning-I'm too tired now-I would try to make them keep their eyes and ears open : and if they would only try to keep their hearts open, 1 am sure they would go to their seats in the House, at night, united in determination to forego all desultory discussions-full of noisy nothing-producing arguments, disparag ing personalities, and other nonsense go to work, like sensible men, for a few hours, and enact some useful measures to mitigater the general distress which the labouring class is at present suffer ing to such a fearful extent: and which, if not speedily mitigated, will develope itself in a manner which I dread to think of.* The causes of the prevalent distress and misery I am not going to speculate npon at present: unfortunately there is no doubt about their existence. In some of the churches prayer has been specially directed to Almighty God to stay the calamity, and days of fasting and humi liation nave been set apart. All that is ?ery well-quite proper, and 1 pray God to answer the cry: but there is an urgent necessity for general practical effort. It is God's will that men should work as as pray and fast. God often works by human machinery, and there perhaps never was a time when rightly-dlreete<$ Christian energy and action were morQ needed. In this beautiful country there are countless thousands of acres of rich land unoccupied, save by snakes and kangaroos : and yet, in a land ' which U literally flowing with milk and honey,* and out of whose hills we dig gold as well as brass, there are thousands of God's creatures actually lacking suffi cient food and raiment I thousands of poor children, too, are suffering in vari ous shapes the miseries of poverty, and shall not their cry go up to the God of all the earth ? An awful responsibility rests somewhere, and individuals had better not endeavour to shift it from themselves until they have carefully ex amined if they can honestly do so. ' Be not deceived, God is not mocked/ That's an awful text. 4 Go to now ye rich men, weep and howl for your misei'ies that shall comd upon you,' cry some well-meaning, but withal rather simple and indolent people, and they do little else but cry and grumble. Ah ! my good folks, you make a mistake if you think that the best thing you can do is to sit still and hurl hard texts at the heads of your rich neighbours, and blame them for all the misery that exists. I have a wondrously small quantity of sympathy and venera tion for miserly, grudging, grasping men, and 1 would be willing enough to frighten some of their money from them to scramble to the poor, if 1 knew how to do it honestly: but there is no use in sit ting down and merely throwing anathe mas at them. No thorough-bred miser will believe you, or care a carrot for all your curses : you may just as well try to pelt a bear to death with snow-balls. 1 pity that miserable class of shrimp-soulecl mprtals : and while 1 pray for them, 1 shiver when 1 speculate upon what they will catch by-and- bye, if they don't re pent and mend their ways : but 1 never look to them for a remedy for real dis tress. Hearken, my good friends-stand up straight and listen to me for a mo ment. Although you are not substan tially rich, you are able to contribute something to the common weal : and if you neglect to do your part, you are adding to the general distress. You have at least one talent: look to it, that you use it. You are not too poor to have a voice in the general government of the country; then judiciously, thoughtfully, &nd; prayerfully tlse that privilege-(don't lie in bed when jcm titaght to be at the polling-place, as yon often have been.) But that is not all you are expected to do-you can do more. When you have done your duty in assisting to put wise ^nd good men in their places as rulers of 'the land, then assist to carry out the sa lutary measures which they concoct. Do all you canto soften and alleviate suffer ing around you ; and (1 speak to Chris tians) do all in your power to spread abroad the knowledge of your Saviour's love and mercy for all mankind. Believe distress wherever you seje it, and if yon cannot give money, give kind words: they are very cheap, and often very ac ceptable. Speak to the poor ruin- steking drunkard : convince him, by example as well as by precept, of the blessings of religion and temperance. Speak to his wife in the same hope- rousing strain : tell her what will make her ragged home happy and cheering to herself and her refoiming husband. Speak to the chil dren : show them the path to heaven, and.help them to set out on it. Do all this, and pray to God, in faith, for His blessing, and make your minds easy that if the distress does not diminish it will not be your fault. * * * * Feeling rather tired by my long walk and my long grumble-savouring soli loquy, I retraced my way through Eliza beth-street, and called to rest myself at the hospitable home of my respected friend Hairspring, who, aided by his ex cellent wife, is trying his utmost to upset the devil's dominion, valiant as a volun teer: hitting very hard right and left, bohind and before. Blessings on your efforts, my brave friend : may your zeal in the noble cause of Sabbath Schools and Bands of Hope, which you are so warmly espouring, daily increase, and alion may thousands of those dear young souls, who you are now exerting yourself to train in tbe patks of virtue and happi ness, meet you in the glorious realms of light and love, and there unite their melodious voices with their heavenly harps in far nobler strains than you are nOw teaching them to lisp to the melan choly scrapings of your poor old fiddle. AQUA. Darlinghurst, 7th Nov., 1860. 