THE contest for tbe vacant seat of Mr Justice Homo will doubtless be keenly contested. Both sides are marshalling their forces, but Mr Wedge's friends are showing t!ia greatest activity. Of the fitness of tlic two candidates there cannot be a doubt. Mr Wedge's warmest friends admit his incapacity, his irritability, and bis obstructivences, and only defend his nomination on the ground that it would be an iusuIt to Mr liorno not to elect him. What peculiar propitiation tbe election of Air Wedge will be to the manes of tbe departed greatness of Mr Home we cannot understand. Nor can we comprehend why the election of Mr Garrett will not equally lay. the disturbed ghost which still stalks abroad demanding tbe punishment of those who so summarily cut the thread of his political existence. But tbe fact is Mr Home is merely used as a blind to cover tbe real motives for securing the election of Mr Wedge, lie is known to bo a thoroughgoing partizan of the gridiron and rib-roasting party. It is known tbat lie will support any measure put forward by that party, no matter haw absurd, ridiculous, or mischievous. He will therefore bo useful in Parliament, while a man of thorough independence of thought and actioD, like Mr Garrett, would be an obstacle in the way of any nefarious designs which might be contemplated. But the'nomination of Mr. Wcdgo ie an insult to tbe whole constituency of Hobart Town, Here is a gentleman possessing not a shilling of property in •the city—affecting no interest in its welfare—-obstructing everything calculated to promote it—ptaced in nomination to represent it in tbe Legislative Council. We cannot imagine a more flagrant insult to tbe whole body of electors, and if they arc prepared to swallow it, they must be sunk indeed in apathy and indifference, But let tbe electors recollect tbat their material interests are boucd up in this election. The Municipal Council are now preparing a Bill to supply Hobart Town with water. This bill will necessitate tbe expenditure of about £25,000 far labour atone, tbe whole of whiah will be spent in this city. Acting on p n tbe obstructive principles wliicb led him ; n to oppose the grant for ; ublic vor'a, and other city improvements, -Mr. Wedge will also opppose the Water Bill. Arc citizens prepared to lose the expenditure of this money, and tbe comfort of a good supply of water, by the election of Mr. Wedge f Had it not been for the opposition of this gentleman tbe Buon Road, a road second only in iinortance to the Lanucestofo highway, it would ere tbis have been opened for traffic. Let us also remind the licensed victuallers that tbe Bill'to limit the number of public hnuscs in tbe city, and thus ease them from tbe ruinous competition to which tbey have been subjected, ond which has ended by compelling many of them, to seek relief in tbe Insolvent Court, was opposed by Mr. Wedge and rejected by his casting vote. We remind the electors of these things, in order that they may know tbe kind of man tbey are asked to clect. If, with their eyes open they choose Mr Wedge tbey can have little cause of complaint, if his obstructive policy should again cause serious, and perhaps irremediable injury to the city. Again, wc would impress on tbo minds of the electors, that tbo only motive prompting the nomination of Mr. Garrett is to Eavc the city from being degraded by the election of a man of EUCII contradictions, absurdities, and ohstruetirenoss as Mr Wedge. The supporters of Mr. Garrett have quite as high an appreciation of the services and character of Mr Home, as those who are so anxious to use his name as a cloak to covcr tbo real motives which actuate them in bringing forward Mr Wcdgo. Wo trust therefore (hat on tbis occasion the citizens will rouse themselves as one man, and secure tbe election of Mr Garrett, as a man who will do honor to their choice, nnd effeetually serve tlio interests of the City —watob over its welfare—and promote its prosperity, instead of obstructing it 