PUNCH'S ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. On Wednesday, their lordships proceeded to revise the labours of the inferior branch of the Legislature, with commendable uJacrity. They evidently took to the task con amnrc, Mr. Hervey led the van : disdaining to cover his advance by skirmishers, he charged boldly into the middle of the Bill, and after a brief but desperate struggle, defeated the enemy with great, slaughter. In vain did the formidable Fellows seek to turn the tide of victory ; in vain did the gallant Fawkner throw out his assertions with arecklessness even surpassing his previous performance in this line; in vain did the chivalrous Rolfe bring forward an array of figures, which neither he nor any one else could understand, and hurl them at the heads of his unfortunate adversaries with appalling vigour. With steady tramp, onward came the destroying phalanx, and swept the field. Enlightened Conventionists and patriotic Cornermen, will have to pause awhile before Koing to grass in an eligible spot, selected in the centre of some obnoxious squatter's run ;-deferred payments are likely to be deferred indefinitely, and though the good time to which these amiable lunatics look forward, when a race of pauper farmers shall have succeeded in annihilating the much envied squatters,—when the pubhc estate shall have been recklessly squandered amongst a selfish, ignorant a n d grasping few,—when the country shall have been reduc4d to bankruptcy, and forced into repudiation—though this good time may be coming, they will certainly have to "wait a little longa-. Mr Don must BtiU chip the stone, Mr. Cathie must still confine lus attention to his coffins, Mr. Barton must still continue to .grace the Collingwood Police Court by his presence, Mr. Sinclair must still Kive Mr Bruce the benefit of his services, for the Upper House stops the way, and obstructively forbids them the pleasures of a On Thursday Mr. Fellows informed their lordships that the ministry had taken the unkind treatment their land bantling had met with, so much to heart, that they haT struck work. Whereupon, up rose James Ford, Lord Lunan, and denounced them. He denounced than as a select parcel of "shicers," who, knowing there was no one at present in a position to replace them, took the opportunity of do^ I little bit of cheap sentiment, and otherwise commg the dig^k^ dodge. He stigmatised them as a peculiarly precious lot of humbugs, who Jiaving grasped at power, let it fall like a red hot potatoe, the moment it burnt their fingers. Altogether he gave them a very pretty little trouncing. Others followed suit, and proved most satisfactorily and conclusively (to themselves), that ministers ought to amuse themselves by passing measures in the Lower House, in order to afford their lordships an opportunity of rejecting them ; in fact they should allow themselve to be kicked and feel duly thankful. About half an hour was spent in treating a letter that Johnny had written to the Age, with " silent contempt," as is usual on such occasions. Johnny, of course, had to own himself wrong in his facts ; but stated that the feeling of contempt was reciprocal, &c.; We suppose the"parties were mutually satisfied.. May 29.—In the Assembly, some curious little revelations were made, touching a lease of certain lands at Yan Yean. Mr. Punch from his place in the gallery, looked on with sorrow, and blushed to the top of his hump, as he witnessed the humiliating spectacle of one of Her Majesty's ministers, stammering, confused, and hesitating as he endeavored to gloss over the story of, what must be looked on. as a most unmitigated job. May 31.—After some questions and notices of motion, which nobody cared "tuppence" about, and unanimously voted a bore; Mr rvicholson proceeded to inform the House, how that the Ministry intended to rum the country by withdrawing their services, in consequence tb e ungentlemanly manner in which the Peers had treated his land measure-they would neither accept his bill, nor endorse his views, which was unpleasant, to say the least of it. He was full of English precedents, to show that they were taking the only proper course left them but none of them exactly fitted the case, owing to the different Constitution of the British and Victorian House of Lords Bv the bye, this rage for English precedents f howbeit if we must go bv precedents we couldn't have better seems to have taken strong hold on all our Colonial statesmen. If we remember rightly, one Mr Perceval was potted, while entering the House of Commons. Probablv Mr N would give up the ghost with tolerably complacency under similar circumstances He surely couldn't object to be shot, if done according toprecedent Mr. Duffy expressedMs unbounded admiration of Mr Nicholson but thought if there was one course more unjustifiable than another that that gentleman had selected it. Several others coincided Thif J ^ l ? ° Pmi + < ? D -, B , Ufc the BCorner " carae to the rescue. They patted him on the back, pronounced Mm a first class statesman, " PnZr» w1 d £ Ut ? * Assignations are the things for the f ho . knows, but that by some turn in the political juggle 1 0 Son i ? ^ / ^ ^ ^ a " go 111 ? " < Wont ^ mataf their m S ^ I^,, M^ D 4 0 u descanted at length, on the effect the late Ministry had on the-olfactory nerves of the people at large. Whereupon Mr. Ireland retorted, that the said Ministry never brought either S m L e r S T • f 0pmion i in such contiguity to thehonorablTmember, theTr d S J ^ T ^ s affected thereby. Dr. Evans said he was up to S t t i ' ^n't lived amon S the Maories, on the banks of the Butt for nothing. When that noble Chieftan, Whaighabogo lost his prime minister under similar circumstances, his opifon asked Acting under Ms advice, Whaifantanderriman*therLigning premier was that day served up for dinner, in a frfcassf' with rattle-snake sauce. So far as he could learn no succeediX ^^uste^therf t^f^ ° f W s lfc would b S t S « , ' ^ e allowed that he was an authority on constitutional matters-and his Excellcncy, if he thought S e r might act upon tliis hint. He knew they (the iCni tosf l J S E S^rlv ™ n?'^ r f e o f £200 ° Per annum, paid E theref ' ' P u u c b 18 P erha P s to agree with you 