DISTRICT OF MAltrBOHOUtilt. Tbe several Courts in the above district, for ihs Second Quarter, I860, will be held on the days Julio wing:— A Inherit ... Count v Court! — — Amherst ... Court Mine* ,i — — Oarisbrook ...iGen.8essiot».jTtte«d*v ... 1st Mav Carisbrook ...JCounty CosrtiTuesdsy ... 15th MaV Carisbrook ... Court Mini* .(Thursday . ITih May Dunolly ...County Coun'Wednesday 23rd May Dunolly ... Court Mints . Friday 25th Hay Wedderbutne. County Court Thursday .jSlst May Wedderburne. .CourtMines .Friday..'...! let June Maryborough. jCounty Court Thursday J ?th Juut Maryborough.'OourtMines .Friday sthJune Aroes. ... County Court Friday ...•UthJune Avoca, ...Court Mines .<Ssturd*v.., l«th June F. M. MACOBOT, Judge of tin; said Giurts. Japasns Buum.—'These bazaars are the most tumi-'irgff,»; Kjj resorts. There is so much displayed, and it is all so beautiful and new, that one walks through avenues of brilliant nuveit.es in a stupefied condition of mind, and with a strong sensatioii ot overwhelming responsibility, It anybody would only O imf and tell one which to choose, and which wai most likely lo be admired at home. Aiaf 1 evetybody fist if buying furiously; nobody seems to have a doubt upon the subject; all the best things are being bought tip under your nose, and there you stand bewildered and dismayed; to you finally determine to buy recklessly and indiscriminately, nmil your pocket is emptied ot its contents. The' process is simple. At soon at Hie article is determined upon, the Japanese reads*- hands you a alip of papta- and a fine hair brush dipped m ink. On this you write your name and the price, after which you convey tbe simplest e^prcssum of which your name will admit to the Japanese, who writes in his own language tbe neatest approximation which his ear retains of the uncouth sound. At the aid of the day you proceed to a sort of bureau, where all the purchases are piled up, duly labelled, and their price* attached. These are added up by the officials employed, and the foreign coin which is tendered taken by weight. There is no haggling in the first instance, or disputes afterwards; everything i« managed with perfict order and system. Another inconvenience attending these bazaars is the waste of time which they involve, One is a niartvr to one's conscience all the while. What business" have vou to stand and stare at lacquer all day, when the town and its neighbor jood art to lie explored, and numerous interesting and important tact5 are to be observed and noted f It is las expensive and more instructive to torn one's back upon this scene of extravagance, and start off in search of the novel and picturesque.—Karmbre of ike Earl of Elgin's Misae* to China aaj Japan. Hp Laurence (MipkaM. A SLIGHT DIFFEKESCE—A St. Louis paper AYK the anthracite coal found lately in Missouri looks like coal, feels like coal, and smells like coal—all tbe difference is, that coal burns, but that will not The body of Mr. li. Masse? O'Grarfy, of the county of Limerick, who had mysteriously disappeared on the 8th December, has been fouiid buried, sad four men have bc^ arreted oo ssspidon of bii murder DEBT or TBE ROMAS ESTATES.—The capital which it owes, and which its subjects are destined to pay, amounts at present to very nearly lour hundred and sixty millions of francs. If yoa divide this by the number of population, you will see that even- baby born in the states cf the Pope inherit* a debt of a hundred and thirteen fames, for the parental blessings that have been rained upon himself or Jus ancestors !—All the Ytar Smad. THE E TIUSCED VOLCMEEE.—A company of volunteers were recently practising in Cheshire in the presence oi a number of ladies and gentlemen, when the sergeant railed oox " Eyes rigbt." With tbe exception of No. whose eves were fixed intently upon the pretty foot ol a handsome girl, the volunteers promptly attended to the order. " Eyes left." again tried out the sergeant. But No 30 still lost iti ertatic admiration of 11 e lady'v foot, neglected the word of command. " So. 80, two paces forward" tried the sdgeaaL Still gazing fa,; on tbe foot No. 20 advanced. " Bight wheel, left wheel, mareh," cried oat the sergeant, and off went the volunteers, leaving So. SO standing alone, but with his attention *0 engrossed by the handsome toot that was nnaware of hie isolated position until startled bv tbe •erjreatit'i next onto, "So. SO, when yoa have done •taring at that young lady, march:" Unfortunate No. 20, suddenly recalled to his senses, and amazed, immediately left the ground, and sent in his resignation.—Liverpool Aliim. GHOSTS.—A correspondence on the subject of ghosts took place some time ago between Mr. Dickens and Mr. Hewitt Ifce forma- supported a theory which waa little more than a misty elaboration of the usually accepted doctrine that ghosts are the mere projections of fancy, to be referred to a morbid or excited condition of the intellectual OT emotional warns; while the latter contended for the nbsolnte and unequivocal existence of ghosts as external, objective beings. In dosing the correspondence Mr. Dickens appears to have requested that Mr. Hnwitt would be good enough to point nut to him «ome house agid to be haanted. Mr. liowitt pointed oat two—one at Chesnnt, and one at Wellington, new Newcastle. Probably because It was the nearest place Mr. Dickens chose to visit Chesnnt, and to an account of this visit he devotes the whole of the Christmas number of hit new periodical. The upshot of the stray is, not only that no ghost appeared to him, but he could not find in the whole neighborhood a single person to whom a ghost bad appeared. Hie conclusion drawn by Mr. Dickens, therefore, is that Mr. Howitt's instance hat failed, and that his case has broken down. Mr. Howitt, however, is by no means of this opinion, He publishes explanations ia a long letter to the "Critic," arguing that Mr. Dickens has been guilty of gross unftiraesi. In tbe midst of a great deal of solemn expostulation on the folly of ridiculing the " theory of apparitious,"the "ideasof spiritualism,"the "science of pneumatology," we find with some difficulty that Mr. Howitt has two reasons which he thinks especially tangible for r^octing tbe conclusion of Mr. Dickeni. The firat reason it that tbe house alleged to have been once haunted has recently been enlarged and repaired. This circumstance, indoevl, Mr. Dickens himself expressly states, and Mr. Howitt maintains that It violates the whole case. In the second place Mr. Howitt maintains that tbe negative testimony of Mr. Dickens as to the non- existence of witnesses is worthless, for he is in possession of the positive testimony of many respectable persons. And besides, did Mr. Dickens take the right way to find those who could bear testimony to the fact the house had been once hatroted? No; he went down with a " knot of jolly fellows," had a " merry day " and so forth. These are the many reasons for which, as Mr. Howitt thinks, the results of Mr. Dickens's visit proves nothing. A SiiescM* MeeriTO.—A meeting of four ancients took place on Monday evening teat, at a tea party in the bouse of a gentleman near to the village of Torrance of Campsie, whose united sges amount to 356 yean. Their several age* are aa follows:— Widow lady, 96; a bacbolor, 88 j widow lady, 86; and the youngest of the four, a spinster, alio 86. The J»che!or and qrinrtc? are brother and sister, and Veep house together; the two widow ladies have lived nest door to each other for 40 years, and all the four- live within a quarter of« mile of each others «ad whrt Is Tery remarkable, none of the four have e*» travelled beyond the bounds^ of the parish of Campsie except twicc, and that only for a few miles. They are all In good health, and walked an foot to tbe party,although the road* were covered wiUi now and Ice, and they enjoyed them selves heutity, crsoking their jokes, and telling stories of oourtahlp In eariydays. Hie spinster wna dressed In a red woollen or duffle petticoat, worn by her grandmother on hw wedding-day 185 yean *go. She aays it hu been repeatedly worn by the members of hS toilf during tte last ceuttuy and a quarter, ni t» aipmeot i* ttm in etoellent oondition, it muit origftntU^fcare boen made of aplsndid slur— anperia^wsiutpeci, to anything found In these de- ' gBBatftOO;! pfffltooUtA-ff/ a^ow Herald. 