HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, JUNE 26. The Speaker took tbe Chair at half -past l o'clock. NOTICES OF MOTION. Various notices of motion were given, which will be found in their place. Mr. FINNTSS asked the Treasurer by what means he arrived at the total of 22,0002. deScit, as shown on the Esti mates? The hon. member was'requested to give notice. NATIONAL BANK. Mr. MILNE moved, that a Message be sent to the Legisla tive Council, covering a copy of evidence taken before the Select Committee on the National Bank Bill, together with the report of the Committee. MAIN ROADS BILL. Mr. GLYDE called attention to an error in the votes and nroceedinss. laid unon the tables of hon. members, wherein it was stated that the qaestion that the Main Roads Bill be read a second time had been put and passed. He was sure that the question had not been put The SPEAKER ruled that the second reading of the Bill had been carried. There was some confusion at tha moment, and he could not positively say that tile question was put The Clerk of the House believed it bad been. Mr. GLYDE said that the question had not been put, and he did not see how the Speaker could certify that the ques tion for the second reading had been put. The SPEAKER sail if the hon. member for Yatala was so certain about it, he ought at the time to have called atten tion to the matter. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TOWNSEND said that there was much confusion at the time, and he believed that but few members could speak positively on the subject. He accepted the ruling of the Speaker, as it certainly was in accordance with the intention of the House. He might add that the hon. member for Yatala would probably not have noticed the omission him self if it had not been pointed out by one of the gentlemen of the press in the gallery at the time. Mr. A. BLTXTH said that it was certainly the intention of the House that the BUI be read a second time, whether every technical observance had been adhered to or not. The present was, however, a very unprofitable discussion. (Hear, hear.) PETITION ®F JOSEPH EDMUNDS. The Select Committee appointed to consider the Petition o f Joseph Edmunds, brought up their report, which was read by the Clerk of the House. It recommended that j£33 16s. 8d. be paid to Mr. Edmunds, that being the amount of costs incurred by him in consequence of some irregular proceed ings to which, he had been subjected. BILL RELATING TO CHEQUES AND DRAFTS. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL moved the second readi-i' of this Bill. It was framed in accordance with an English Act, the Act being deemed necessary at home in consequence of conflicting decisions in the English Courts relative to the law of crossed cheques. The present Bill was similar to the English Act, with such an extension of its provisions as would inciuae tne omers ol tne Jiurr;i Barra Company, and oilier large companies. The Bill would be serviceable in facilitating the payment of orders and in preventing fraud. He moved that the Bill ba read a second time. Mr. A. BtiYTH supported the motion. It certainly was necessary to adopt some such plan to prevent fraud. The Bill had been submitted to the bank managers, and they evidently approved of it It was uot necessary to say more. Question put and carried. In Committee. Clauses l and 1 were passed. On clause 3, making it felony to obliterate ciossings on cheques, the ATTORNEY-GENERAL explained that as the crossing on the cheque was mode a material part of it, that clause became necessary. Clause passed. The remaining clauses were passed, the Hou?e resumed, the report was adopted, aud ths third reading mide a.a Order of the Day for Thursday next. COURT OF APPEAL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved - 'That, in the opinion of this House, it ia desirable that there should be established a General Court of App3al for the Produces of New South Wabs, Victoria, Ta3minia, ani South Australia ; such Court to be composed of Judges of the Supreme Courts of the said Provinces.' He said that a similar resolution had baen adopted by the otlier House; the present resolution, however, was jome wliat modified from that, and was pissed so a-5 to leave the utmost liberty of action to the otlier colonies. The learned gentleman referred, in support of liis motion, to a receut case before the South Australian Court of Appeal, wiiieh had to be gone into al most de noro by reason of a change of ministers. This would, in fact, frequently occur, aul the ex pense and delay consequent upon second hearings of tiicss cases would be verygreat. The House should remem!)»r, also, that in the late Parliaments was thought desirable that the Attorney-General should not be a member of tlie Cabinet. But he believed the establishment of a Court such as he now moved for would be highly advantageous, and would remove nearly all the objections to the Attorney-General beiu^a member of the Cabinet. The Court he proposed would siiso be more permanent than one composed of the Administration of the day, and its decisions would te more consistent and more respected. He would also remark that as every British subject had a legal right of appeal to the Queen, the institu tion of such a Court of Appeal as he now advocated would substantially meet the demand arising- out of this right, without involving the enormous expeuse consequent npan appealing to the Queen iu Council, He had framed t!ie motion iu so general a manner that all questions of vletail would be left to the legislatures of the various colonies iuterested. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KINNISS scarcely knew which way to vote, for though tbe motion supposed the establishment of an unbiassed tri bunal of appeal, there were serious disadvantages on the score of expense It had been urged that in a late case carried before the Court of Appeal the appellants bad to have a re- hearing of their case on tbe new Ministry being formed. That was doubtless expensive, but let them look at the expense if a Court of Appeal sat in Melbourne, com posed, say, of the Judges of New South Wales, Tas mania, and Victoria. The expense of such a Court of Appeal would be very heavy, for the Judges would not travel in so humble a way as ordinary people, and if such costs fell on the suiters it would be fearful He drew attention to this, not to oppose the motion, but because he should like to have an estimate of what the expense of such an institution would be. This must bedeme before a Bill was passed ; though ot course it was not intended to do more at present than to get the opinion of the other colonies. To secure this object he would support the resolution. Mr. N. BLYTH supported the resolution, and agreed with the Attorney-General, that it was the alienable right of all colonists to appeal to Her Majesty ia Council, tlie cost of which would enable only a wealthy man, or one backed by powerful friends, to appeal at all. TUe establishment of a Court of Appeal on this side the globe was necessary, and such a Court would be much more fit to deal with the ques tion that would come before it than any administration, who, however qualified for their own special duties, raisht be the most unfit men in the world to constitute a Court of Anaeal (Hear, hear.) rl^ ' The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that the present Court of Appeal was certainly very anomalous, and could scarcely be expected to give satisfaction. What ever might be the expense of this Court it certainly must fall far below the expense of an appeal to England, ; besides which an appeal would not lie to Her Majesty in Council in cases of less than say 50%. The hon. member, Mr. Finniss, had alluded to expense, but practically not much expense would arise. The Court would sit perhaps once a year, and the cost would be much less than that of appealing to the Queen in Council. Such a Court of Appeal would also pave the way for that federal union of the colonies which all wished to see realised. Mr. MILDRED supported the motion, but regretted that the returns he had formerly moved for had not been laid on the bible, as he believed they would liave obviated objec tions. For many years he had watched the decisions given in the Supreme Court, and the appeals in that Court, than which nothing could be more unsatisfactory. It was melting down the wealth of South Australia, and though rich men might go on as heretofore, it was ruinous to suitors generally, and he hoped some new Court of Appeal might be established. He would a-;ain express hU hope that the returns he had formerly called for would soon be laid on the table of the House. Tlie ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied, the returns re ferred to would occupy much time, but orders for then- pre paration hail been given, and he hoped they would soon be ready. The hiu. member, Mr. Finniss, had said that much loss of time had accrued through the turning out of the late Ministry. No doubt it would, so far, have been better that tti« Ministry should not have baeu turned out. (Laughter.) Mr. FINNIdS had said nothing to justify such an obser vation on tlie part of the Attorney -General. (Hear.) The motion wns carried. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then moved that an address be presented to His Excellency, transmitting this resolu tion, in order to place Hi- Excellency in a position to com municate with the neighbouring colonies, and requesting Ilia Excellency to take action accordingly. The Attorney General also remarked that he was surprised at the hon. member for Mount Barker ofFeringoppo.sition to this i motion, as he had, when a member of tlie Executive, advised His Excellency in favor of a similar proposition. Mr. FINNISS would not oppose tue adoption of the address, but he inustprotest against its being alleged that he, Mr. Finniss, had for.nerly suppoite.l such a motion as this. He must noiuto it iii- iiupzoprii-ty of the Attorney-Genei ' i violating tho e rul-* ui confidential intercourse wi i-:ii always characteiis.tJ the proceedings of Executive Councils. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the hon. member had made a great mistake, aud referred to Council Paper No. 70 as justifying what he had said, where a letter sisnod ' B. T. Finniss, Colonial Secretary,' advocated what he, the Attorney-General, had then teen aflvocaHng. HeAad re ferred to nothing but what was reported in print, and to be found on the files of that House; (Hear.) He had thought it possible tiiat the hon: member tad some knowledge of, and possibly approved, of the despatches signed .?? B, T. Finniss, Colonial Secretary.' (Laughter:) The motion for the address was carried. TRUCK fiCt The ATTOSNEY-GENEEALindjJed the aecond reading of thjs BilL It had been reported, though he could hot per sonally vouch for the accuracy of those reports, that the working classes had found frequent difficulty in obtaining their wages, and hence the necessity -for tins BUI,' which had been referred to in the opening; speech of .His Excellency. The BUI was an adaptation of the English Act, most of the clauses being t»jpied from that Act, which it was admitted couUl not be very easily evaded. He had in this Bill received couMderable assistance from the late Attorney-General in framing the I7th clause. The learned gentleman then touched upon several clvnses of the Act, briefly explaining as he pro ceeded. The important clause was clause 17, which liu;iie-l the Act to persons engaged on works cons tructed at the expense of the province, or earned on under thediiection of the Government Itwas_ not con srdertd desirable to prohibit the issue of goods in hen of ?na«ps Su but districts, and in respect of private employers ; and in clanse 18, the Governor was empowered to suspend the operation cf the Act in out districts, even in reference to public contractors. The learned gentleman; referred to oneoi two other clauses, and said that in order to obviate any inconvenience from the Act coming suddenly into effect, its operation would be suspended until after proclamation by the Governor, limits bfing fixed with regard to the period when proclamation should take effect. He would move the X»fMK««1 «** it should be considered ne^Yary to bring in this Bill. (Hear.) It was all very well iiT?n«!airi. -where there were so many causes of conflict be tw^niabor and capital to necessitate such a measure, but here it was different The gieat fectorieB supplied illustra tions ofwhat he referred to. and it had been found neeessary tliat'Mie home Parliament should pass something in the form of a Truck BUI , but that web a nPcesstty should I arise hero would be matter for regret if it could benhewnthat it reXSei^ear,hea?) Helhonght that thB Govern ment should not interf.re in this way between labor and capital The Government introducing such a measure would be an interference with private business and enterprise, and ; would restrict the means of the employers Of labor to an improper degree. It appeared that ttfis Act was taken from -he Act passed in England. Thfe English Act was no doubt very effective in Us operation, but it did not follow that it would be fo here, and although it might be necessary to adopt a certain course in England, it was not necessary ht-K. This was he considered, one instance of over-legislation. He always understood that, in a country where labor was in de mand, it was pretty well enabled toinakeitsown terms. -Hear.) An-! it was so here. He AM not see that the Government should iiitei ferebeiweeuttu: laborer and the contractor. There was, he imagined, nothing caswr than for the laborer to jnake bis own bargain with the contractor as to how he should re ceive Iifs w^S- And this woui be the most effectual course to adopt towards abating the evils eoinpl ined ot. He believed 1 hat if the laborers looked sufficiently after their own interests they would experience no difficulty in obtaining their waers ; in fact, the contractors were much more in tbe hands of the laborers than were the laborers in the hands o t ho. contracts. Such a measure would have the effect of driving contractors out of tlie field, and would also cause contracts 1o I* much higher than -they had been hitherto. The lion, member then proceeded to consider some of the clauses of the Bill. He thought it somewhat singular that while nn employer could not give his laborers a leg of mutton u.i.-oolc«! l«e uiigbt if he thought proper supply a leg of muu-m in a cooked state. (Laughter.) He would ask the hon thcAtlorney-Gencral what would men. who were for instance making a road in the bush do, where there might be no public- house or store for miles? Were they to starve i He also noticed that the penalties of this Act were very severe. He perceived also that the employer was to be made responsible for tue acts of foreuicn. See. Now, ordinarily spiking, the party occupying the post of foreman on these lar-*e works, came under ihe same category as tbe men, and what private combinations 'might, tlcn, not arise between these foremen and the men employed? Why, the employer might, to u-e a Londou cabmau's expression, be 'pulled up ' before ihe Justices once a fortnight fov oflences which his wen had compelled him to commit, while he was away in Adelaide or elsewhere, and far from the scene of opera tions. (Hear.- The men cculd, under those circumstances, mske the contractor commit an offence at any time. Then regarding the partnership spoken ot ana the liabihty of property; he thought the making the property of co-partnei s jointjv liable was a bad course, more especially under the system under which partnerships were made, rile would simpose a case. A. and B. enter into a temporary partner ship for the --anying on of any work. If B. happened to c-oiiimit an offence, or wss made by the action of his men to commit an offence, the property of A. would be held equally answerable. The 8th' cliiuse of the Bill provided for the pay ment, to any artificer or labon r of the whole or any portion oi his wages in the notes of any Corporation or of any person or persons carrying on the business of a banker; and he should like to know whether it was intended in tbe event of tlifse noles or orders beine; dishonored, to make the partner ship answerable for it Such was his construction of tbe Bill The hou. gentleman then proceeded to comment upon the 15th clause, which provided that nothing contained in tlie Act ?? should extend or be construed to extend to prevent any employer from supplying or contracting to supply to any artificer or laborer any medicine, or medical attendance, or any fuel, or any materials, tools, or implements, to be by su-- h artificer employed in his trade, occupation, or work, if such artificers or laborers be employed in raising any stone or mineraJs, or anv bay, corn, or other provender to be consumed, &e..; See.'' Now, lie should like to know whether the lion, number intended that men who might not be employed in raising stone, or minerals, or hay. &e.;, were not to be allowed medical attendance, medicine, and so forth? ( Laughter. ) Then there was another clanse which provided that no one was to have the privilege of having these articles without the signing of a certificate, so that there was to be a paper in writing for every little thing that was supplied. He imagined this might do very well In the manufacturing towns in England, but he did not think it would do sixty or seventy miles out in the bnsh, where there mMit be a want of writing appurtenances, and so forth. Then as regarded clanse l', which referred to the advance of money by employers to their laborers, or for the investment of the same in Friendly Societies, or for its being set apart for -be«ducati'!u of any particular child or chi'.dren, and so forth, lie imagined it would be impossible to carry out the provisions of that clause, without entailing a great duty upon tiie contractor, for there would be the necessity of his taking the trouble to see that this money was properly applied for the purposes for which it was advanced. It might lie advanced in favor of that Bill, that it could be amended aud altered in Committee; however that might, be, he could not support *he second reading of siwh a measure, and he did not believe that the Bill could be properly amended in Committee. He thought it highly desirable that labour should be made to prelect itself, and not be taught to look for so mncu pro tection fiom the Government. It was, of course, the inte rest or the Government and the Boad Board to see that all the labourers sh juld be paid their wages regularly, and he considered that they could easily ensure it by one of thensur veyors or officers attending to see that wages were so paid. He was really of opinion that such a measure was not wanted at tlie present time, and he Should therefore move as an amendment that the Bill be read a second tune that day six months Mr. N. J5IATH would support the motion, that the Bill be read a setond time. He folly concurred in the principles of the measure, and if it was not altogether correct in detail, he belitvtd that it would meet the main objects for which it -was sought to be introduced, and it could be afterwards remodelled or modified in Committee. There was one objec tion which struck him, and that was, that the Bill was not half coinpn hensive enough in its operation. He did not see why it g'lould not be extended, so as to include works being ronEtrncted by private companies, instead of being limited to works constructed out of the general revenue (Hear, hear.) If there wss nny necessity for such a Bill he could not con-' ceive why it should not be made to apply to companies, such as mining companies, and in fact all works conducted by private enterprise, and in which money was not paid out of the revenue, but which were rather dependant upon their reprod active character for payment. -Hear, hear.) If the Bill was Stnt into Committee he thonght it would be desi rable to take the opinion otthe House as to whether a clause to meet this object should not be introduced. He had listened very attentively to the hon. the Attorney-General, when pro posing tlie motion, and he had alluded to shepherds and such persons being excluded from the operation of the Bill. He considered it very wise that they should be bo excluded. He believed he was right in saying that all domestic servants \- and husbandmen wore excluded from the operation of the Act in England. He considered it wise that this exception should be made, and that those parsons should be excluded from (lie operation of tlie Bill. He hoped the second reading would be allowed to pass. He believed the measure was founded on principles oi' justice It was the rule in law that a. privilege was allowed to landlords in the case of rent, and he could see no reason why wages should not be similarly considered, and be placed on the same preferential footing aa were rents. (Hear, hear.) 'In reference to what had been said by the hon. member for West Torrens. Mr. Morpbett he admired the amusement which that hon. member usually afforded, and the manner which he bad when addressing the House of throwing such an amount of humour into what would be otherwise & very dry subject (Laughter.) He was surprised, however, nt the statement of the hon. member that labor could make its own terms. He considered that the hon. member must' be very remiss upon the subject to make euch an assertion. (Hear, licar. ) The man who had only his labor to dispose of must sell his labor or he and his family must starve. It was not so with the man who had property or merchandise te dispose of. That man could of course afford to wait until markets and prices might improve. (Oh, and hear.) He thought too, and he said it without any unfriendly feeling— (hear) - that there was some special feeling upon the ques tion manifested in the hon. member's remarks. The manner in which he had travelled through the various clauses of tbe Bill was singular. Instead of beginning at one of the ends, as he, .Sir. Blvth, had expected, the hon. member had dived right into the middle of it (Laughter.) He had con sidered that the ban. member was accordingly quite satisfied with all the previous portions of the Bill, instead of which be round him going back again to the commencing clauses. This had certainly thrown him. Sir. Blyth, slightly ont of bis calculations. (Laughter.) Begarding the clanse which referred to the liability of co- partners, he imagined it -was not intended to make any co-partner answerable for anything in his own personal property, but simply in the property of tlip co-partnership. He was surprised to hear a gentleman possessing the amount of legal ability that the hon. member for West Torrens, Mr. Morphett. possessed, entering into a discussion on the principles of a measure, or clanse of a measure, whi-h he had not properly con sidered. It was only in the property of the partnership that tlie co-partners were liable, and not in their own per sonal properly. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Morphett.) Then, as regarded I he 15th clanse, and the hon. gentleman's state - merit, that it would be necessary for any sick man receiving medicines to sign a paper for such medicines, he imagined there would on'y be the necessity for one document in the case, authorizing the stoppage and deduction from thewages of the recipient for such medicines, and that that one 'docu- ment would answT for many months. And, respecting the 16th clause of the measure, that did not impose any duty on tiie employer. He could only pay monies to friendly societies with tbe permission of the parties, and then it was perfectly optional whether he did bo ot not. He need only do so if be was actuated by a kindly feeling towards the party or his family. Under these circnmstancps the Act merely said he should be allowed to do it There was no compulsion to be inferred. Altogether he would express his pleasure in supporting the second reading Mr. DUFFIELD would oppose the second reading of the BUI. He believed, in opposing this measure, he would only be teaching thngc whom, by its introduction, it was intended to protect, a wholesome lesson. (Hear.' The Government were, by introducing such a measure, holding out to a certain class of individuals an amount of protection which they had no right to and were not entitled to expect In opposing the measure he therefore opposed the proposed protection— (no, no)— and taught the laborers that they must protect them selves. (No.no.) Hon. members might say ' no, no,' but he would defy them to show that there was anything else than this species of protection intended, and it was highly desirable that the working classes ought to be made to protect themselves. (Hear.) In all matters it was well to teacli people to look to themselves, and the whole business of the Bill was to make them look for protection to other sources rather than to themselves. A great deal had been said abont the contracts under the Boad Board. He remembered the question was brought before tbe Board, and they had made enquiries through all the offices, and they could not find one well-supported complaint brought forward against the system pursued in reference to contracts under that department (Hear.) And what -were the facts in other cases. The late Government had found it absolutely necessary to encourage this system, as a means of pnpplyi'u* '-Neir labourers. (Hear.) It wag a well 1 lown fuet that on lite Northern Extension line of railway ?vjrks the Government were obliged either themselves, or by sjmeone nuder tliern, to establish s store for the purpose of suDPlving their labourers with provisions, &o.; Had such a JBU1 beenin operation, the men would have bad no stores, or would have liad to come back to Adelaide ior them. It was known then that on Government works stores were esta blished at Government cost, and snch a course was neces sary Suppose the tote Commissioner of FubUc Works had accepted contrasts, and sent men out to work in the Murray Scrob. U there were no store, then they would have to send the men to the Burra, which web about the nearest market, for »U provisions, and eo forth. How. he would esi, could operations be properly carried on with such » Bill 2? Operation? Certainly, it was provided that the Governor contd suspend the operation of the measuie by acertificate ia isolated cases, but stiU the measure would be found inoperative. As regarded the Eoad Boa.d, he was quite sure they were as desirous as any individual, or the Government could be. that their laborers should be paid ; but be,' as a member of that Board, considered be would be doing more' towards bringing about that object, by telling the laborers to go to their employers and demand their wages, than by making any enactments. He considered a great many of the defalcations had been brought about solely by the laborers neglecting, to look after themselves. (Hear, hear.) Tbeyjbnnd that laborers employed by private par ties always came and obtained then: wages weekly, and he imagined there would be no necessity for the House to pass that Bill if the laborers under contractors would also do so. He thought if a Bill was necessary, it was quite as necessary to protect tbe laborer from the individual employer, as to protect him from the others, ana that the measure should, it passed, apply as a whole, and with regard to every person employing labor. It would, however, if passed, be found difficult to carry out public works in distant parts of the colony ; and he considered it but right to teach the laboring classes to look after themselves. He sfionld oppose the Bui. 3Ir. McEIXTSTER considered the Act was a most neces sary one if it was onlj' to prevent the poor men fiom being deluded by the contractors. (Hear.) It was all very well for the hon. member for Barossa (Mr. Duffield) to say that the laborers should be taught to protect themselves; but the laborers could not protect themselves. When they were out of employment they were glad to'getwork, and they were seduced by the contractors who promised fairly and so forth, aud then neglected to keep their promises. (Hear.) How was a laborei to protect himself against a contractor who was at a long distance from where be was stationed ? (Hear. ) How-could he protect himself? If a man was out of em ployment he was glad to take any work be could get and wait for his money, and if he happened to get into the hands of unprincipled men he would never get it (Hear.) The former Government had been accused of trucking, but he would say that the former Government had tried all they could to assist in finding work for a number of poor people when they were out of employment. ( Hear. ) Tho Govern ment had of course tried to reduce wages in order to induce oilier parties to make employment for these penple, but there had been no employment to be found. The Government had felt bound to find an adequate amount of labor for them, and if they had not done so what » ould have become of them ? (Hear, hear.) He would cordially support the second read ing of the Bill. The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WOKES had one remark to make in reference to what had been said by the hon. member for Barossa, Mr. DufBeld, that the same means of recovering wages was open to laborers uuder contractors as under private individuals. He thought it was not so. There were at times as many as 100 men engaged in one. particular spot, and the contractor's house might be far from the locality. The House would, lie felt sure, see that where localities. ' They were, working under entirely different cir the men wereat work in various parts of the country they had not Ihe same means of redress as they had in tho settled cumstanccs, and it was necessary that a Bill should be passed to enable the workmen to defend themselves from those contractors who might wish to take advantage of them It also often happened that thecontraetors were residing at. a great distance from the Courts, and this rendered the neces sity the greater. Then as regarded contractors Oeitig made responsible for the acts of their foremen, he thought they should in this respect be treated in the same manner as private individuals. An employer was held responsible for the acts of his clerks, and wily should not a contractor be held re sponsible tor the act 8 of bis foreman? (Hear.) The position of foreman was one which was sought after by many persons, aud there were few foremen who would not lean, towards the master's interest. The lion, member for West Torreus had alluded to copartnership. He (the Commissioner) thought this Act would have the effect of stopping in a ere^t measure the careless concocting of partnerships, a here xrere too many hurriedly made-up partiierships, and they were often entered into without the parties knowing whether they would be capable of carrying out the works undertaken. (Hear l^ar ) He iiad seen the evil effects of sncli partner ships, aud this Act would have the effect of making ti.ose paiUos more guarded as to bow they entered into such part nerships (Hear ) While it was well to facilitate partner ships for -carrticg out coutruets, it was also well that such parties should kfiotv each other, should be sure of their abilitv to carry out the works, and of the probability of then working harmoniously together. He considered the measure a move in the right direction, and one which would tend to give stability to those tarrying out public works. Mr DUKX would support the motion, although he be lieved the TMU would not altogether remedy the evil. He considered it a step in the right direction. (Hear, hear.) In regard to wliat the hon. member lor JtaroBsa, Mr.:Duffield, had said about the laborers being able to protect themselves, he considered it was a question. Of course, to a certain extent, a debtor and creditors acconat existed between the contractor and the laborer, but it was a debtor and creditor account different from any other. (Hear.) When the men went to work they expected to receive their wages monthly or otherwise, as the case might be ; bat the contractor might sav that they had not been able to draw the amount they expected, and so tjiey dragged the men along, week after week, until at last they became insolvent, and the men were cheated of their wag«s. (Hear.) In fact, he believed the contractors received the men's wagea under false pretences. (Hear, hear.) He had proofs in his possession which would show losses io the amount of thousands by three diffeient contracts on Government roads— (question)— and this sum was between the contractor and the men. The style was this; the contractor takes the works, gets a lot of stone and material on the spot, takes up a lot of men. and after going aboat half- way through with the work declares himself unable to meet his engagements, and the poor men very likely get nothing in the pound. But the securities cannot afford to forfeit the amount of their bonds, and they accord ingly go on with the work while the contractors leave the spot, go to town, and leave the men without paying them their wages. (Question.) He considered a check ought to be put on such proceedings. The men who did their work were entitled to their money, and ought to have it. ( Hear.) One grops evil was that tlie contractors blamed the Govern ment, while they thus kept the men on from week to week. Mr. GLTDE rose to order. The hon. member was not addressing himself to the question before the House. Mr. TOWNSEND thought the hon. member was in order. He was showing the evils arising from the present system. The SPEAKEK ruled that the hon. member was in order. Mr. DUNN was not taking suppositlous cases, he was. speaking as to existing facts. (Hear, hear.) He knew one case in which the contractors had failed some fifteen, months ago, and the poor men bad not received their money yet Of course if the men did not receive their wages regularly they could not pay their storekeepers, and other debts. These were his reasons for supportiu? the Hill. The Bill might not be perfect, but he believed it should pass a second reading, and it could after wards be altered in Committee. He would support the motion. Mr. TOWJfSEND supported the motion. He dwelt at length upon the evils of tUe present system. There had been no less than seven contractors insolvent lately, and the workmen had been defrauded to a very considerable extent, ' and yet it was asked that the men should be left to make their own bargains. Experince had proved the fallacy of such arguments as had been advanced by the hon. mem bers for West Torrens and Barossa. If it was found neces sary to establish such a measure in England, as regarded I^ondon and Birmingham, he considered it was far more necessary here. (Hear, hear.J Men who were out of work were glad to take the first employment that offered ; and when they were put off from time to lime, instead of receiv ing then- wages when due, it was exceedingly hard. (Hear..) He believed that up to a certain point now wages were preferential claims. The imperial Legislature had had their attention called to the necessity of legislating upon the subject. He considered a great responsibility rested upon all bodies Iiaving the control of large works. The operation of this Act should not be confined to contractors merely, but to all classes). Public bodies especially should see well to the securities. He believed eventually it would be found neces sary either to have securities in the shape of deeds, a fiom of money, or at the least the names of persons of the highest standing and respectability. Tbe hon. gentleman then re-, ferred to the working of combinations among contractors, and proceeded to say that he objected to the principle of drafting bills from English Acts, and from the Acts of the other colonies. He considered that with a Uttlestudy original measures might be produced. Although, perhaps, all the clauses of this Bill might not be necessary, on the whole the principle contained in it was good, and it could be amended in committee. He thonght it desirable that some clauses should be introduced to compel those having control over the contractors not to pay over the balance of the contract monies until they had seen that the wages bad been paid. (Hear, hear.) The present system entailed a loss to all classes. He believed, had this measure been in operation before, that a better class of contractors would have come forward, and that the works of the colony would have been done better and cheaper than they had been. Mr. SUTHERLAND would oppose the Bill, and on this question be had more knowledge than some members who had so strongly censored the Boad Board. (No, no.J This Bill was the result of charges made against the Road Board. A former Commissioner of Public Works had sent down allegations and questions as to certain practices alleged to have been done by the Boad Board. The Board had investigated the cases fully, and there was no truth in those statements. (Oh, oh ) He knew more about it than those hon. members who said ' Oil, oh ' The cases cited by the hon. member for Mount Barker (Mr. DunnJ were not applicable to the case. With regard to the nonpayment of the men's wages, that was another question. To abolish ' truck' did not imply regular payment of the men. (Hear, hear.j The Bill treated the working classes as children. (Order..) Well, it was so, and the true cure for the evil complained of was that pointed out by the hon. member for Barossa. Let workiug men demand their money every week or stop the works. It had been stated at a tote meeting of the Road Board that several contractors had thrown np their contracts, because the men insisted on regular payment of wages. A new con tractor had then to be found, and the new con tractor knowing why his predecessor had failed, would so provide as not to fall fay the same cause. The Central Boad Board' put failing contrac tors in the black-book, and they never got another contract (Hear, j The Bill assumed that they were in the same state here as the laboring classes were in England. Ihe truck system was bad, but they might bring about something even worse. They needed no such Bill in Scotland : for Scotch men looked after their own interests. (Loud laughter.) It had been said that the men in the far off districts had no power of compelling payment of their wages, but the same applied to private contractors. He was as friendly to tbe working men as any in that House, lint self reliance was the best; security to the working man, and if they admitted the principle of that Bill they must go further. Mr. A. BLYTH Baid that the hon. member supposed that the Central Boad Board contractors had never given truck to their men, but there were persons more observant than the hon. member, who knew that Boad Board contractors had in a vast number of instances given truck to their men. But it was not a question as to the Central Boad Board, but a much wider one. (Hear.) That hon. member had not tra velled about the country much lately, or he would be a little more enlightenad on this subject, and even without going far away, lie might often see labouring men wasting their time in waiting about for their wages, deferred as payment too often was, time after time. The second reading of the Bill would doubtless be carried, and though the hon. member for West Torrens had said that the Bill was so bad that it could not be mended, he, Mr. Blyth, believed that, in Com mittee, thev could effect all the modifications necessary. A ery had been got up against the late Ministry on this ques tion, but he, Mr. Blyth, was quite content to let that cry die out— as die out it would. He was at one time of opinion that there were no cases of track worth naming, and he had formerly reported to that effect but bis opinion bad been changed by intelligence reaching him from all quarters, and lie now declared his altered opinions, and proclaimed his belief that the Bill before the House was necessary ior the interests of the working man. Whether he was popular or unpopular in that House or out of that House, he should always adopt that course which bis conscience and duty dictated. He was glad that the hon. member for Noarlunga now held that it was the duty of the Central Boad Board to Bee that wages were paid every Saturday night He well remembered the opposition which that suggestion formerly met with at the hands of the hon. member and the members of the Central Boad Board. That very course had been suggested by him, and opposed when he suggested it ; now tlie hon. member for Noarlunga approved of it. (No, no ; hear, hear.) With regard to taking bonds from contractors, he had no faith in that system. Those bonds had been so trafficked in, and obtained on such terms as actually to prevent contractors paying their men ; and believing that this Bill would put an end to so ob jectionable a system as had recently obtained, he should moat cordially support it. It had been said that when a con tractor failed to fulfil his contract he was placed on the black-books of the Board. But more than this should be done. The Board should not -only ask if the work had been completei,butifthe contractors had paid their workmen. He, Mr. Blyth, had seen 40 poor men at onoe waiting' for their money, and many cases of hardship had occurred. It was time to put a stop to it, and he should vote for the Bill. Mr. SUTHERLAND explained—He did not say that it was the duty of the Boad Board to see that the men were paid every week ; he had said that the men themselves ah mid demand their payment every week. Dr. BBOWNE would support the second reading of the Bill, seeing nothing in it unreasonable in itself, or iujurious to any class of honest employers. Mr. GRUNDT would support the measure. He considered it was a most benevolent and humane measure. (Hear, hear.) In reference to the Boad Board, and the boast of the two members of that Board, that they had made every enquiry into the working of the system, and that no com plaints bad been brought forward, he was of opinion that it was most unlikely thatoomplftints would be broughtforward, - because themenknewvery well that if they didcomplain they I would lose their billets and their means of livelihood. (Hear.) | He had been on the scene of some ot the operations for two . days, and had made certain enquiries, of which be would ? gire the House the benefit when the Bill came on in Com mittee, which he felt assured it would do. He was almost ' glad Barossa would not be. represented entirely on that occa sion, for one member would be on one side of the House and one on the other. (Hear, and- laughter.) He would support the motion. ' ? ? Mr. BAKEWELL also would support the Bill. He con sidered that there had been a good case made ont for the interference of the Legislature, in securing to the laborers the payment of then- wages in current coin. He saw no reason to fear that the BUI would pass its second reading. Mr. A. BLTTH here explained that if he had misrepre sented the statement of the hon. member ior Noarlunga (Mr. Sutherland), it had been unintentionally, (Cheers.) Mr. DALE would support^ the motion. He knew that great hardship was occasioned in many instances to work men through having their wagea stopped. This was a great grievance. He considered the whole of the grievances to which the workmen were subjected were' not known. He would inform hon. members that there was such a thing as stopping sums of money from the wages of individuals to be spent with the contractor in such a way that those in dividuals had very little voice in the matter at all. He agreed with all that had been saidin favor of the measure ; and he was aware from his own experience that none of those state ments had been colored. It had become too much the habit when parties complained of not getting their wages paid to them, to tell them 'Oh you can get goods from the store.' And in many instances he was aware that these storekeepers charged double, or nearly double, the value for the articles supplied. This Act was good and just in prin ciple, and would afford a great benefit to the working classes. (Hear.) He thought this Bill ought to apply to public com panies and private individuals as well as to works done under Government It had been said that the workmen could now enforce payment of their wages. So they could, but what was the consequence of ao doing? Why the contractors paid the money with the notification, ' We won't want you next week. (Hear, hear.) It was the duty of the Legislature to protect the working classes. By their past acts they had brought great numbers of work ing men to the colony, and they were bound to protect them from the evils of this system. He believed that in conse quence ot this truck system many of these men were -in want of the necessaries of life ; in fact were nearly destitute. (Hear.) It was therefore the duty of the House, if they could do anythingto prevent it, to do what they could, and so hold out some inducements to ' make people settle in the colony. When the Bill came on in Committee he would' do what he could to render it a perfect measure, and he hoped other hon. members would do the same. He would support the second reading. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL feared that many hon. members had failed altogether to understand the effect of the measure. The principal effect of the measure would be that those wbo engaged workmen under a certain bargain, would have to stick to that bargain. (Hear.) The Government did hot wish to prevent the Bill, from being fully considered ; and in order that it might be so considered, they did . not in tend to discuss in Committee that day, but merely to move that the House go into Committee, and that the preamble be postponed. (Hear.) With reierence to the re mark of the hon. member for East Torrens (Mr. Morphett) first that the Bill was only a copy of an English measure and then that it was badly drawn. He imagined that was the fault of the English Legislature ; and regarding what bad been said by the hon. member for Onkaparinga (Mr. Townsendj respecting the objection to modelling Bills on EngHsh;Acts or on Acts of the other colonies, he would state that it was a very difficult thing to frame new measures. Bills of that descriptions were not, he would remind the hon. memb2r, so easily written off as bills of exchange. fUear, and laughter. J They had to be studied over and over again, and every time they were studied fresh amendments suggested themselves. These measures took up a great deal of time and trouble in pre paration He would repeat the intention of the Government merely to move the Bill into Committee pro forma. The question was then put and carried.- A division was called for, resulting as follows : — Ayes, 25.— Tiie Treasurer, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bake welt, A. Blyth, N. Blyth, Browne, Cole, Dale, Dunu, Putton, Finniss, Glyde, Grundy, Hallett, Lennoh, McEIlister, Mildred, Milne. Owjen,. Parkin, Santo, Townsend, Wark, and the Attojney-General (teller).' Noes, 6 — Messrs.- Coglin, Duffield, Lindsay, Peacock Sutherland, and Morphett (teller ). , MESSAGE FROM THE COUNCIL. A message was here received from the Legislative Council slating that permission' would be granted to the Hon s. H. Ayers aud John Baker to attend and give evidence before the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the prospects of the Great Northern Copper Mining Company, if desired by that House. TBUCK BILL. The ATTOKNEV-GENERAL then moved that the House go into Committee on the Truck Bill. Carried. The ATTORNEr-GENERAL then moved that the pre amble be postpoued. Carried. The CHAIRMAN then reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Thursday next. THE ESTIMATES. Tlie TREASURER stated that, with the permission of the House, he would postpone the resumption of tlie debate npon the Estimates in Committee until the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands had moved the motion stand ing in his name. ASSESSMENT ON STOCK ACT. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS then moved — "That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into and report upon the working of the Assessment on Stock Act, No. 20 of 1858." He said that this question during the recess had been brought under the attention of the late Ministry, by a number of the leaseholders of the Crown, and it had been found by the late Government that the matter should be brought before a Com mittee of the House, in order that it might be fully discussed. The present Government had determined that the pledge thus given by the former Government should be carried out, and hence the present motion. It would be in the recollection of hon. members that when the Assessment Act was passed cattle were to be taxed at the rate of 2d. per head, in accor dance with the carrying capabilities of the runs. And in accordance with that Act a valuation was made by officials appointed under the Surveyor-General. It appeared shortly afterwards that complaints had been received of over-assess- ment, and it appeared to them (the Government,) that there were good grounds for those complaints, and that many of the runs were inadequate to carry the amount of stock for which they were assessed. A Mr. Morris, a gentleman well acquainted with the subject, had, therefore, been appointed to visit the various localities and to report upon the values of the respective runs in the northern portion of the colony, especially so as fairly to fix the amount of assessment. So unequal was the assessment made, that the late Government did not ask the lessees to pay the whole amounts, but re ceived two-thirds. The other third was, however, after wards paid on the faith that a Select Committee would be appointed to make enquiries; and it was, therefore, a matter of justice that the Government should carry out that promise. Mr. MILDRED seconded the motion. He thought it desirable that the promises of the late Government should be carried out and that a full revision of the assessment should take place, in order that all might be fairly and equally taxed. From what be knew of the gentleman who was now engaged in making that revision he felt satisfied that the flock masters and cattle merchants would be fairly dealt with, and receive all the justice which they required. Mr. MILNE would make a few remarks in reference to this matter. As had been stated by the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the late Government had, in consequence of the representations of certain leaseholders, appointed Mr. Morris to reassess the runs. The late Government were of opinion that Mr. Morris would have finished his labors by about the time that Parliament would meet. They certainly had no intention of moving for a Select Committee, how ever, until Mr. Morris's report had been received. He con sidered the present motion somewhat premature. He could not see what sort of information the Committee would have before them ; they could only have the evidence of squatters, and he thought it would be somewhat ridiculous to assess them upon their own valuations of their runs. ( Hear, hear. ) He could not see that any useful purpose would be served un- less Mr. Morris was prepared with his report. He would oppose the granting of a Committee at present. The TREASURER was very sorry to see the course taken by the late Commissioner of Crown Lands. He was cer tainly under the impression that the late Government had intimated their intention of asking for a Select Committee. The hon. gentleman here quoted from the Council Papers in proof of his assertion. He was surprised that the hon. gentle man should now say he would oppose the motion. He cer tainly was rather surprised at the alteration which a change of place had effected in his mind. (Hear, hear..) He was sorry that the hon. gentleman should so change his opinions, now he chanced to be on the other side of the House. It was admitted on all sides that the runs had been assessed, not so much in accordance with their capabilities as with their geographical position, and as this was the case it was likely there was a great irregularity of assessment. He considered that the Committee might now be taking important evi dence. He hoped the House would grant the Committee (Hear.) Mr. A. BLYTH would support the view taken by the hon. member (Mr.Milne). The report of Mr. Morris should be before the House before a Select Committee was granted. He did not see what the Committee could do before they had that report. He referred hon. members to the vast number of Committees at present appointed, and expressed a belief that a Committee would not be found equal to the task at present, besides which, there would be a difficulty in finding reporters when there was so much work to be gone through. The hon. gentleman then touched upon the mode of assess ment, stating his belief that geographical position should be looked to, as it would not be fair to assess runs near a market at the same rate as runs in the far north. He did not oppose the motion, but he thought it would be well to postpone it for the present. (Hear.) Mr. FINNISS also considered it would be well to postpone the appointment of a Select Committee for the present. Mr. Morris had received instructions to prepare tabular reports and other statistics, and the Committee could not do much without them. He considered to sit at the present time would be labor lost. They could do very little on ex parte evidence. He trusted the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands would withdraw the motion. At the present time it was premature. Dr. BROWNE felt interested, of course, in the motion before the House. He was sure the squatters only wanted a full investigation, with a view to obtain just and equal assessment. He thought that the Committee might be appointed, and the bringing up of the reported adjourned until the report of Mr. Morris could be received. Mr. TOWNSEND followed in the same strain. He consi dered that no legislative enactment could be made until the report of Mr. Morris was before the Committee. There was no doubt there had been some unjust assess- ments made. When he voted for a tax of 2d. per head on cattle he understood that it was to be 3d. per head, and not as he had reason to believe it was, in some instances, equal to 4d., 6d., and even l0d. per bead. (Hear.) He thought there was fair grounds for enquiry, and he should have no objection to a Committee being appointed, provided it was moved that their first meeting should be that day month. He agreed with the hon. member for Gumeracha, Mr. Blyth, that there were enough Committees on the paper at present. He believed there was an impression abroad that it was a good thing to be on Committees, and that members were well paid for that duty both in money and in refresh ments ; but this was a mistake. He, at all events, had re ceived no pay, nor any refreshments that he had not paid for. (Laughter.) Besides, he did not think there was a Committee-room likely to be unoccupied for some time to come. The clerks in attendance on Committees, too, had quite enough to do, and they could not be expected to attend to all at once. Mr. MORPHETT agreed with the remarks of the hon. member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Townsend. Some of the members of that House were engaged on public business from 10 till 5 daily, and it was too much. It would be better if the application for this Committee was delayed till Mr. Morris's report could be received. He would soon be back now. He hoped the hon. gentleman would withdraw his motion. Mr. GRUNDY rose less to speak to the appointment of a Committee, which he approved, than to correct a couple of mistakes which had just occurred. He was perfectly sensible of the heavy duties performed by members on com mittees; but it was not desirable that exaggerated state- ments of their labors should go forth to the public. There were four Standing Committees, whose labors were nominal, and only six sitting Committees, although they had certainly enough to do. The other mistake which bad been fallen into on each side of the House consisted in the statement, that the objectionable feature of the Assessment Bill, which they had now to rectify, emanated from the late Cabinet; while others asserted that it was the work of the then opposition. If his (Mr. Grundy's) memory served him right, it originated with the squatters themselves— (hear, and "certainly") - and he readily admitted that it required rectifying. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS remarked that, as far as the Government were concerned, all that they wanted was a full enquiry. He was sorry to observe the conduct of members of the late Government in the matter, as the members of that Government had stated before their resignation that they were prepared to move on the question now proposed by the present Bill, and yet when the new Government moved in a similar direction they were met as with a side wind attempt to throw their Committee over board altogether. Such modes of action would make the present Government very cautious how they adopted the measures of their predecessors. On a previous occasion, when the ad valorem duties— (Cries of "order," question.") He was showing the reason why a Select Committee should be appointed. (Loud laughter. ) The late Treasurer had said that Mr. Morris could not be in town for three months, and that he would, therefore, oppose the appointment of the Select Committee. However fluent as speakers in the House the hon. members of the late Government might be, the cir cumstance would not justify the House in postponing the appointment of the Select Committee; and he must say that he considered the present opposition somewhat factious, as the late Government, the members of which were now opposing the motion, had, two months previous to their resignation, given a pledge that a committee of the kind should be appointed, and now they came forward and endea voured to shelve the Committee, as of course it would be shelved if the Committee were not to be appointed until after return of Mr. Morris. He had been much gratified with the pleasant speech of Mr. Morphett, who, certainly, was in the habit of saying some very nice things -(laughter)- so much so, that he; Mr. Bagot, had, at one time, thought that he had come from his own country, Ireland, and was not altogether ignorant of the locality of Blarney Castle. (Laughter.) He would promise the House that if the Committee were granted the report should not be brought up until after the Committee had had an opportunity of studying the report and returns of Mr. Morris. He begged now to move the motion standing in his name. The motion was carried, and a Committee was appointed, to consist of the Commissioner of Crown Lands (mover), Messrs. N. Blyth, Dale, Grundy, Morphett, Owen, and Pea cock. MINERAL DEVELOPMENT. Mr. DUITON applied for leave fora fortnight's extension of time for bringing up the report on mineral development, ine Committee had made great progress ; but they wished to obtain the evidence of one or two witnesses then in the country. The motion was carried. „ ^T MAGISTRATE AT PORT LINCOLN. Mr. FINNISS moved that the resolution standing in his name, with regard to the production of documents relating to the performance of magisterial duties at Port Lincoln, should be permitted to lapse. The 'ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied that if 80 it would have to be withdrawn from the notice paper. Mr. FINNISS moved that it be withdrawn. Carried. nr ™t~ KEAL PROPERTY ACT. Mr. TOWNSEND asked for the postponement of the con sideration of this Bill for a fortnight. It was exceedingly desirable that hon. members should have full opportunity of studying the various clauses, and he was sure that the pro position would meet the views of the House, and not encounter opposition from the Government He had, in fact been reqaested to make this application. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied that the Govern ment had no wish to press forward the Bill through the House, On the motion of Mr. A. BLYTH the House adjourned until Wednesday, at half-past l o'clock. Wednesday, Juke 27. ? The Speaker took the chafr at half-past l o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. DUTTON presented ajpetition from 298 inhabitants of Kapunda and its vicinity, praying that a bush track might be cut to the Murray. Received and read. Mr. DUNN presented a i-etition from the inhabitants of the Bremer, in favor of Chauncey 's Main Line ol Road. NOTICES OF MOTION. Several notices of motion were given, and will be found in the usual place. THE GREAT NORTHERN MINE. Mr. TOWNSEND asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands, what was the date of the telegram sent to cancel the lease granted to Messrs. Chambers and Finke, and also nhether a letter received from Mr. Dash wood. Emigration Agent, bearing date September 5th, 1889, was in the posses sion of the Government The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS was not aware that such a letter was in the possession of the Govern ment but he would cause a search to be instituted, and if it were found, he would hasten to lay it on the table THE SNAG-BOAT ON THE MURRAY. Mr. LINDSAY asked when the correspondence relative to the snag- boat on tbe Murray would be laid. on the table? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that ihe Treasurer, through illness, waa absent, and perhaps the hon. member would wait a day or so. COUNTRY MECUANICS' INSTITUTES. Mr. COLE, pursuant to notice, moved— ' That, in tlieopinion of Ibis House, any Country Mechanics' Institute participating in the grant on the Estimates in aid of such Institutes shall be required to opeu the reading room of the Institute, on the evening of Saturday, from 6 to 10 o'clock, in each week, for the free admission of the public.' The hon. member disclaimed all idea of obstructing these valuable institutions, believing them to be eminently condu cive to the intellectual and 'moral elevation of the people- He wished to remark that, as the children of the working classes were compelled to toil for their daily bread from an early period of life, some facilities should be given them to obtain that knowledge which they could not obtain under present regula tions. The hon. member referred to the great progress of mechanics' institutions in England, and expressed a doubt as to whether in this colony everything had been done that might have been for the welfare of the working classes. In England excellent institutions were provided at from fid. to is. per quarter, whilst in this colony, with much inferior, libraries and fewer advantages, the charge was 5s. to 6s. per quarter. Laige numbers of the working classes here were little, if any, better offthan in England— (Oh !)— and, therefore, the charges were too high. In the Burra, hundreds of people could not cam more than 20s. per week, out of which they had to pay for rent, firing, and all the necessaries of life, &c; ; and how could they pay existing charges to institutes? Yet they would highly ap preciate the advantages to be derived therefrom. The re marks he had made with reference to the Burra Institute would apply to the Gawler Institute, from which many were excluded by high charges, although the Gawler Institute was rendered generally accessible to the public once a week. He would ask was there anything unreasonable in throwing open these institutes, seeing that all classes contribute to the grant-in-aid? He had named Saturday evening, because on that day, and especially amongst miners, work ceased at an earlier period of tbe day ; indeed, young men fond of company were often induced to learn habits of vice at the public-houses simply because they could not obtain access to the institutes. He hoped the resolution would be agreed to, and he would rather tbe grant be increased three fold than be reduced. Mr. MILDRED seconded. Some 46 or 47 years a?o— (loud laughter)— he had been connected with a society of the kind now referred to. He had at that time a letter from ' Mr. Henry Brougham' — (hear)— who took the deepest interest in these institutions. He believed that every member of that House would entertain similar views, although perhaps it should be left to the managers of the institutes to say when and under what circumstances the reading rooms should be thrown open free. Mr. TOWNSEND saw an item of SOOl. on the Estimates for country institutes, but he did not know on what principle the Government intended to distribute the grant He had on a former occasion applied for information on this subject, but he bad not obtained it At home he had founded one humble institute, and when he reached this colony he was glad to find there were three. Something, how ever, required to be done with respect ;w the rules of these institutions, as he knew of three respectable young men who had been refused admission to a Mechanics Institute, notwithstanding they tendered their subscription. He thought the Government should not vote money to these .institutes unless they approved of the regu lations. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL was not precisely aware of the regulations under which the 5002. would be paid away : much would depend upon the expressions of hon. members when the item was passed. He (the Attorney-General) fully admitted the right of the public to occasional free admission to the reading rooms 'of institutes; although he was not then prepared to say that Saturday and Saturday only should be selected. But certainly the Government had no objection to the principle of the hon, member's motion. Mr. GLYDE, as one of the Governors of the South Australian Institute, and to whom a former Government had entrusted the duty of distributing the grant-in-aid of country institutes, must say a. few words. la September, 1859, the following advertisement appeared in the Gazette:— ' Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide Sept. 2, 1859. ' The vote of fiool. onthe Estimates of 1859-60, in aid of country Mechanics' Institutes, will be apportioned in sums not exceeding 502., nor less than 1SZ., according to circum stances. The maximum to Institutes which have raised by subscription the sum of 1062. or upwards, the minimum to those whose subscriptions amount to 30(. ; and pro raia for intermediate sums between the two extremes. 'The Secretaries of the several Institutes desirous of availing themselves of aid from the revenue, are requested to forward their applications prior to the 30th September next, to the Secretary to the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute, Adelaide, on printed form* which will be furnished to them for this purpose, and which must be signed by themselves and confirmed by the Chairman. ' Wm. Younghosband, Chief Secretary.' The Governors of the South Australian Institute had taken great pains to distribute the 500/., and he now wished to suggest an amendment to the effeot that after the word 'participating,' the words '202. per annum' should be inserted, as it would not be reasonable to compel poor institutes receiving perhaps 6/, per annum, to keep open a reading-room in return for such a small subsidy as that. He held in his hand a list of all the country institutes that had received 20i. and upwards from the vote of 1859-60. These were— Angaston, 242. 178. 2d. ; Burra Bnrra, 392\. Us. id. ; Gawler, 501. ; Glenelg, 312. Us. ; Kapunda, 502.; Magill, 60i.; Port Adelaide, 202.; Port Elliot 202\. 12s. lid. ; Salisbury, 1st. 6b. 7d. ; Strathalbyn, 262.18s. Id. ; Willunga, 20/. 10s. With the exception of Port Adelaide, every one of the above Institutes had a reading- room. Nine institutes received legs than 202., tbe lowest grant being 52. These particulars might be useful to hon, members, as showing how many of the- country institutes would be able to comply with the wish of the hon. mover of the resolution.- He would now move the amendment he had intimated. Mr. DALE believed that the hon. mover, Mr. Cole, would have no objection to the amendment He, Mr. Dale, had had some experience in these institutes, and was a director of tbe Burra Institute. That institute had good papers and excellent books, but very few subscribers. He believed, however, that the motion would be very useful, and that Saturday evenings would be by far the most eligible. The tradespeople who chiefly visited the reading-room on other nights eonld least attend on Saturday nights, so that both parties would be suited. He knew that many had been compelled by their poverty to cease their subscriptions to the institutes ; and therefore, seeing they contributed to the revenue, they had a right to some little advantage from the institutions supported by the public funds. The motion, as amended, was carried. MORPHETT-STREET BRIDGE. Mr. SANTO moved that the petition of the Corporation of the City of Adelaide be printed. Agreed to. REAL PROPERTY ACT. Mr. MILDRED rose, according to notice, as follows :— ' That he will ask the Hon. the Attorney-General (Mr. SUangways) if he, as the adviser of the Government, thinks favorably of the Real Property Act ; or if he is of opinion that the Act known as the Real Property Act ia repugnant to the tow of England ?' ' The hon. member said that his reason for asking the question wa», that the learned gentleman bad formerly spoken against that measure, and it was richt the country should be relieved from uncertainty. Doubtless there were difficulties in fully working out the Real Property Act, but the late Attorney - General had said that the Act could be made workable, and in consequence of what had then been said, many people had brought their property under the Act. He would there fore ask the question stanainirln his name. (Laughter.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would not comment upon the remarks made, because the hon. member had bo confused his allusions to tbe tote Attorney-General with his allusions to the present holder of that office, that whatever he (the Attorney-General) might venture to say. he would run great risk of going wrong. (Laughter.) With respect, how ever, to the question asked, the following was his answer :— ' I have always been favorably disposed towards such legis lation as would cheaply, expeditiouely, and securely effect the transfer of real estate in this province. The Act known as the Real Property Act, No. 15 of Si Vie., appeared to me to be defective in many important particulars.' These defects were afterwards to u great extent recognised both by the framera of the measure and tbe Legislature, inasmuch as in the session of 22 Vic. It was found necessary to pass another Act. This has not been deemed sufficient by those ?entrusted with the working of the Act and, in consequence, a Bill hag been prepared by those gentlemen, and ts^uow be fore the House, whioh repeals the two former Acts, and makes fresh provisions. lam of opinion that some useful amendments may be introduced into that measure. Some suggestions will be made by me to the framers of this Act ; it approved of, I shall of course have great pleasure in assist ing the Act through the Parliament ; but if not, in deference to the wishes of the House and the country, I shall be pre pared to give it my support I am not aware of any decision on the subject of repugnancy, and in the absence or such de cision am not prepared to say I am of opinion that *e Real Property Act is repugnant to the laws of England. m -rJ?iSS^LSOKTHEEN COPPER COMPANY. Mr. TOWNSEND asked for an extension of time-three wet-ks— (oh, oh !) for bringiug up the report. In reference to that expression of surprise, he could only say that the SiSS SKS? £ Oommittees now ritting materially inter fered with each other's action. Sometimes a quorum could not.o-* i?1''1 for °n-5 Committee, because its members, or part of them, were sitting on another Committee (Hear i Extension of time wag granted. „ , JESS GAOL AND THE STOCKADE. Mr. MORPHETT rose, pursuant to notice, to move— ' That with a due regard for economy andthejustretrench ment of the public expenditure, it ia inexpedient to maintain the Gaol and the Stockade-one of such establishments being amply sufficient for the public requirements ; and that it is expedient to transfer the prisoners from the Gaol to the Stockade, and henceforth to use the Stockada only a« the place of public imprisonment The hon. member said the notice of thi« motion had caused considerable interest out of doors, and some objections had been raised to it He was, however, ready at all hours to receive lessons of instruction, whether they proceeded from the public out of doors, or from the House within. He had been requested not to act rashly in regard to the matter, but he could safely say that no portion of Hs short Parliamen tary career in the colony, would bear the imputation of rash ness. He had taken much patience in collecting his infor mation, and exercised great care in the institu tion of his enquiries, and he thought that the House would perceive that the motion was not brought forward with the intention of causing the slightest embarrassment to. the present Ministry, of whom he was a cordial though an independent supporter ; but it was to help them forward in their proposed plan of retrenchment, and it was probable that he would afterwards secure their thanks for having re lieved them from a certain amount of embarrassment, as tlie alteration proposed wonld promote the efficiency of the de partment, and give additional comfort and health to the unfortunate class of persons for whose accommodation the building was erected. He did not, however, merely propose the motion on economic or ' economical' grounds (a laugh), but also under the belief that it would be productive of in creased health and comfort to the unfortunate prisoners. He found by returns shown in Council Paper No. 28, that the Adelaide Gaol had room for 192 prisoners, but that it had only 48 separate apartments. The Stockade had accommo dation for 233, making together a total accommodation for 425 prisoners. The average number of Inmates in tbe Gaol daily had been 87, and in the Stockade 79, making a daily average of prisoners in both establishments of 166. The total cost of the Stockade amounted to 4,3792. Is. lod., and that of the Gaol to 2,7792. 12s. 9d. The cash received at the Stockade had been 2,5012. 13s. ld.,*added to which, would be a quantity of stone, say about 2,000 yards, worth about 8202. Tlie total gross cost of maintenance of prisoners was about 432. per head per annum. At the Gaol the cost per head was 312. Us. which, reduced by 15s. per head, would leave 30/. 16B. At the Stockade the gross coat per head of prisoners was 552. 8s , from which, deducting the earnings per head at 31/. 12s., the sum of 232. 16s. would be left, while the nettcost for the last year was about 272. 14s. per head. When Mr. Hare initiated the plan adopted and now in practice, at the Stockade, it was imagined that he had done wonders ; and if the inmates of the Stockade had numbered 120 or 130 individuals, the estab lishment would have been nearly a self-supporting one. There wag no necessity for two establishments, when the two at present existing did not contain quite 170 prisoners, while they had accommodation for 425. He certainly hoped that the annual statistics of the colony would not show a ne cessity for providing accommodation for so many as 425 pri soners— (hear, bear)— and the day was possibly very far dis tant— probably not until that generation was under the sod that such increased accommodation would be required. He had no affection for the Stockade, and eo far as the two establish ments were concerned, he would, of course, be glad to see them both abolished, but this could not be. However, if one could be found to do the work of both, it appeared to him that the Stockade was the most eligible of the two, as it was in a healthy situation, with a plentiful supply of water and wood, and capable of great extension should its limits require to be enlarged, as the country around was free from buildings; in fact there was everything in the Stockade and its locality pointing it out as a suitable place for the detention ot prisoners. The Gaol was cer tainly one of the oldest buildings in the colony— (hear, hear)— bnt if a preference were to be given to either of the build ings for reasons of a sanitary nature, he would certainly prefer the Stockade, as he would object to the Gaol because it was too near the metropolis. Such a situation afforded opportunity for prisoners to communicate improperly with their friends, and it also gave facilities for the introduction of spirituous liquors ; and though he did not wish to reflect upon the management of tbe Gaol, he had heard of little jollifications occasionally given, which, to say the least of it, were inconsistent with the objects of a prison. It appeared that 820/. had been spent one year in an extension of the accommodation of the Gaol ; and with all that, it was found that the accommodation was not sufficient. He had been down there about a fortnight ago. and saw one of the sleep ing apartments, where seven men had to sleep on a stretcher no larger than the table of that House. Sights cf tbat description were always disagreeable, and he regretted the necessity for establishments, the sight of which was cal culated to strike with horror the feelings of the sympathetic and oompassionate. He perceived from the Estimates for i860 and 1861 that tbe amount set down for the maintenance of the Gaol was 2,7572. 78., and for the Stockade. 3,5862. 5s., making a total for prison maintenance of C.243J. 123. Sup posing the Gaol to be abandoned, it would be necessary to add to the present expense of the 9a prisoners at the Stockade the expense of rations, fuel, lights, &c;, amount ing to 1,4002. He wonld therefore propose an in crease in the salary of flu Superintendent of 702. a year; another guard, 1272. 1E8. a year; a matron and female turnkey. 832. its. €d. ?, conveyance of 25 pasengers a week, at Is. 4d. each, 862. 13s. .id. ; which, added to the pre sent annual cost of the Stockade, 3,5862. 6s., made a total of 5.3542. 10s. lOd. ; which, deducted from the present cost of the two establishments, amounting to 6,3432. 12s., left a saving of 9892. 10s. 2d., or nearly 15 per cent of the existing expenditure. There could be no serious objection to the additional expense of the conveyance of prisoners ; there was a telegraph in existence from Adelaide, and a railway train passed several times a. day over the line within a short distance of the Stockade, and within the limits of theprison ; but if the expense of the train, or the hours on which they ran should be objectionable, there would be no difficulty in conveying the passengers by means of horse-vehicles, as some of tbe Stockade authorities, in fact, preferred. After all there was no very great difference between a mile and a half and five miles, the distance of the Stockade from town. It was simply a question of halt an hour longer on the road. It wag of course necessary that debtors and prisoners awaiting their trial should not be classed with the ordinary prisoners. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to he ar hon. members say 'hear, hear,' as such exclamations showed where the shoe pinched ; and he hoped to be able fully to satisfy hon. members on that score. He could say that the debtors would be even more secluded and more retired at th Stockade than they were at the pre sent Gaol, and they would have a pleasant and healthy atmosphere there, which they could not have in the Adelaide Gaol. (Hear, hear.) He wss bappy to find from that -'hear, hear,' that the lion, member for Barossa toak so great an Interest in the matter. (Laughter.) He would not add one iota of degradation to that which debtors now suffered in their unfortunate situation, and be con sidered that they would not suffer by the proposed alteration. There would be a chaplain and a doctor to attend both on the debtors and the prisoners committed for trial, and no hard labor would be entailed on debtors or untried prisoners. He would also remark that a portion of the Stockade, but out side the main building, was devoted to the female portion of the prisoners, who would be let in and out without so much as being seen ; whereas at the Adelaide Gaol they must ceoessaiily be seen both entering and going out In the Gaol the female wards overlooked the men's yard, b ut nothing of the sort wonld apply to the Stockade. The principal 00 jection which he had met with was a kindly sympathy for the unfortunate existing in the community. He had the greatest consideration for the debtors, females, and prisoners before their trial, and had no wish to add to their hardships or to confound them with prisoners of another description. They should, not, however, allow their calm judgment to be wholly overruled by their humane sympathies. The name of the Stockade had been objected to, but what did the word .really meau ? He had looked in the dictionary that morn ing— (a tough)— and found that 'stockade' really meant a piece of land surrounded by stakes ; in fact it was a military term. But he would, if he might be allowed the expression, and if only to humour the kindly sympathy for the unfortu nate and the miserable which existed in the community, call the establishment the ' public prison of South Australia.' He would remark that since his motion had been tabled, between 20 and 30 prisoners had been removed from the Gaol to the Stockade by the Government, from which cir cumstance he had been induced to think that the Govern ment were going to give him their support. He would con clude with moving the resolution, ana stating that if there was any information on the subject which he had not already furnished, he would be happy to afford it afterwards. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MILDRED had great pleasure in seconding the reso lution. He had always taken a deep interest in the prisons of South Australia, and, indeed, in prison discipline through out the world. He had observed in the principal Gaol of this province many things that required reformation, and had noticed much discomfort to which many of the prisonors were subjected. Some time since he had paid a visit to the Stockade, and was highly gratified by the cleanliness and perfect good order characterijingthategtablishment. As had been well shown, the place was nealthy, the accommodation ample, and every arrangement was satisfactory for the ao comrao-iation and security of the inmates. He believed that all the prisoners of South Australia might be accommodated in the Stockade, which was instituted in order that it might be made tlie prison of South Australia. He had pleasure in testifying to the successful manner in which Mr. Hare had worked ont his scheme, but that success would be much greater if the House affirmed the motion. It had been ob jected that the Stockade was too remote from Adelaide, and that prisoners would be put to much extra expense in the travelling expenses and loss of time of their legal advisers and defenders. He did not see much force in the objection, and would remark that in the London Tower Hamlets, including a population more than double that of South Australia, the prisons were yet more temotely situated. If there was much to be got out of the prisoners at the Stockade, the lawyers would soon be found settling in that locality— (Oh, oh, and laughter) -like they did in wood huts at the Fort, when they found anything was to be gained. Tlie hon. mamber for West Torrens had well shown the economic aspect of the question, and nothing more need be said on that score, with regard to the name of the Stockade, let them change the name He admitted that the word ' Stockade' was unsuitable. It migbt do very well in Tasmania, where prisoners were confined in enclosures of stakes, with sentinels pacing outside, and from within which the sound of the tosh emanated every morning at breakfast time. (Laughter,) If they removed all the pri soners to the Stockade, the Gaol would make an excellent Destitute Asylum, and school for destitute children, and the present Destitute Asylum might be handed over for tbe purposes of the Lunatic Asylum. The present Destitute Asylum was a disgrace to the colony; a nuisance that must be swept away. They would save 1,0002. a year by amalgamating the two prisons, and several thousands by removing the Destitute Asylum, besides providing mush better for the public ser vice. (Hear..) The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS hoped the motion would be withdrawn, as otherwise he must oppose it. When they considered the situation of the Stockade, and its erection as a. labor prison for convicts, there always would be a degradation attaching to that place, and it was proper that there should ever remain such degra dation ; it was right that persons convicted of crime by Juries of their country should be subjected to a badge of disgrace, and the House ought not to send debtors and un tried persons to a place specially set apart for convicted felons. (Bear, hear.) He admitted that the Stockade was well conducted, though even if it were expedient to amalga mate the two prisons, he very much doubted whether the saving expected would really accrue, as more buildings would havetobeerectel The hon. mover had madelightoftheextra expense to prisoners of their legal advisers having to travel great distances and saorifije much valuable time to attend their clients at the Dry Creek; but he, the Commissioner of Public Works, considered that a very great practical hard ship would arise out of such an arrangement. It was sup posed that debtors had no property— (hear)— and how were they to obtain necessary legal aid if removed to such a dis tance? Trains only ran at fixed hours, and returned at fixed hours. Looking at all the circumstances -at the degrada tion of the Stockade, and at the question of expense to debtors, he must oppose the motion. With reference to the suggested removal ot tne Destitute Asylum to tbe Uaol, it would, no doubt, be very good if it was practicable, but it was not It was, however, intended to erect a new Destitute School on North-terraco, and to hand over ior the purposes of the Lunatic Asylum the building at present occupied by the destitute children. (Hear.) He trusted the hou. member would withdraw the motion. Mr. MeELLISTER could not support the motion. He was surprised, during his visit to the Stockade on Saturday, to see the different descriptions of men who were employed in the same gang. (Hear.) There was a great want of classi fication. He had seen sailors, who were sent to prison for running away from their ships, working with hardened criminals and would-be murderers. (Hear.J He was sorry to see this. It was hard that sailors, men who were not guilty of any crime only leaving their ships, should be treated in this manner. They were comparatively unoffending men, and he was sorry to see how they were treated. (HearJ If these men were, as it was likely they were in some cases, bound perhaps to a tyrant captain, he considered they were in dnty bound to escape if they could. (Laughter.) This was one reason why he should go against the motion. Another and a great reason why he should go against it was that he had seen men, whom he did once think were re spectable members of society, but who had become the most hardened villains through being exposed to the contaminating influence of the other villains in the Stockade Gaol. (Hear, hear.J It was not fair to send debtors and runaway sailors and short- sentenced prisoners to the same place with felons. (Hear, hear.) He igreed with hou. members that the place was healthy and very clean. As an old police- officer he had visited many of the gaols and places of imprisonment in both Eugtond and Ireland, and he could say tha* he never saw a place better kept than was the Stockade. (Hear.) He was of opinion that the Comptroller of Convicts and his assistants deserved the greatest credit, but that was no argument for adopting Ihe motion. He could understand the feeling which crimi nals would have in regard to the Stockade, and he was quits ?ertain that they entertaineda dread of that establishment, tie had no sympathy with hardened criminals, but it was not right that all should be treated in the same manner. (Hear.) Mr. TOWNSEND would say a few words. It would be in the recollection of hon. members that he had on the 6th of June moved for certain returns in connection with the late Comptroller of Convicts' attendance at the Stockade. He ha-l then stated that in his opinion that officer was a great deal in Adelaide, and he was now bound injustice to that officer to state, in his place in the House, that from the return lying before him, and signed 'C. S. Hare,' a rtturn which he had no grounds to disbelieve, the attendance of that gentleman during the day at the scene of his official duties had been exceedingly good. (Hear.) He was not anxious at any time to make remarks, or to cast reflections upon Government officers in a harsh manner, and he wished ? it to be understood, that if acting upon information received, he might at any time appear to do so, no one would be more ready than himself to do them justice after full examination made. Bnt he should still Jike to ca/I attention to one fact, and that was, that at home it was the standing rule that the Keeper or Comptroller of such establishments should always sleep within the precincts of the Gaol. All officers excepting the visiting magistrates were bound to sleep within the walls of the building. (Hear, hear.) Begarding the Stockade Prison, he would confess he had not seen a more perfect building in the colony. Excepting that it was not, as in such establishments elsewhere, built in the form of a semicircle, so that the Governor's or Keeper's house would command a view of the whole establishment, it was a perfect building. This was, however, a mere defect In the desisn, and could not of course be laid to the door of the Comptroller. (Hear, hear. ) As far as that officer was concerned, the arrangements were perfect. It was a pity, however, that some better system of classification could not be attempted. As at present, classi fication was not thoroughly carried out. There certainly was an attempt at this, but it was incomplete. He would just remark with reference to the gang pointed out on Saturday last by Mr. Howell as the worst gang in the 'Stockade -and he must say that he never saw before such specimens of the human face divine.— (laughter )— he could not well con ceive it possible anywhere else to bring 18 men together with such heads. (Loud laughter. ) Then ne would remind hon. members how they saw the men mustered at half-past 4 o'clock. Mr. Howell pointed out to them, to use his own words, men who were the most degraded of criminals, and the greatest villains in the colony ; and yet these men were brought up aud searched by the side of sailors and men who had been guilty of offences of much less weight. They were brought up together and searched at the same time, and surely this was wrong. (Hear, hear.) Then as regarded the namo of the Stockade; perhaps there might not appear to be any partieular stigma attached to the name of the building^ but it was well known that it had a peculiar meaning ami signification among the criminal population of the colony. 'Men of the stamp to which he alluded attached an amount of abhorrence to the name of the Stockade ; they knew tbe severity of the punishment inflicted there, and it was right that they should do so; but if this waa so, it was not right to take a man who had committed a nominal crime — a man who was perhaps awaiting his trial, or a debtor, and confine him in snch a place with such criminals. (Hear.) He considered there was a wrong inflicted by such a course. He hoped, for his own part that there would always be that feeling inspired by the Stockade among men such as Mr. Howell had pointed ont to them, and that they would always entertain a dread of the discipline maintained there. ( Rear. ) It was quite necessary that such a righteous stigma should attach itself to it. He had seen one ot those solitary cells opened, and he had felt a thrill of horror, as he was sure every one else did, when the miserable convict was thus opened to his view. The impression caused npon his mind by that sight had been very great, and such a one as he could not rid himself of for several hours after wards. It was a wrong, therefore, to associate apparently in nocent men with such as those. (Hear, hear.) Regarding what hon. members had said about debtors and their being unable to see their friends and solicitors, there was much in that argument. When a man was suddenly arrested in the street, it might be for debt the very first thing he would naturally do would be to put himself in communication with his friends. If they were to be taken off to the Stockade they would not have the facilities of doing this, nor would their friends be easily able to get at them. (Hear, hear.) He. in the course of his business, often had to go and see parties respecting property, and he wonld be utterly unable to do this under the circumstances proposed without increasing the necessary expenses. Then as regarding females, the building outside the establishment which had been pointed out to them might do very well for the purposes indi cated for a snort time, but it would not do for long. With regard to the system of credit-labor to enable the men to work out their time, it seemed to work well. He had been one of those who had on a former occasion opposed that principle. He had considered that if a prisoner was sen tenced to a certain term of imprisonment by a Judge who had heard the evidence against him, and was accordingly best fitted to come to a correct conclusion as to what that sentence should be, the prisoner should be made to work out the entire of that sentence. He bad, however, from what lie had s-?en, been induced to change his opinions on that point. (Hear ) By this credit system of lab or, as it was called, a man was enabled by his good conduct to discharge a portion of his sentence. The system was worked very strictly, and by ita means a man was enabled to reduce the amount of his punishment, and when he was again let forth upon the com munity to go and sin no more. He considered that the 9002. or so which would accrue to the revenue by the amalgamation of the establishments was nothing when com pared with other things ; and to ask that females, shortsen tenced prisoners, debtors, or such like, should be imprisoned with such men as he had described was not right, and would, he felt sure, be considered of no good to the community at larire. Dr. WARK agreed to a considerable extent with what had been said by the hon. member for West Torrens, Mr. Morphett. He thought that there were, as had been stated, great f icilities of communication afforded with the Stockade. There was a railway, and there was also telegraphic commu nication. He thought it was highly desirable that the seeds of crime should if possible be removed from the City of Adelaide. That the Gaol should be within the city was, he thonght, a disfrrace, and should be done away with. It was a matter which should be very seriously discussed. (Hear. J He found that, in all the old towns at home and elsewhere, the prisons and gaols had originally been without the city, and had afterwards been brought within it by being sur rounded«with houses. ( Hear, hear.) He considered it would be better for the city to remove the prisoners in the Gaol to the Stockade. As an argument against the motion it had been stated that it was wrong to mix the prisoners. He agreed with that argument. It would be very wrong, for instance, to associate prisoners awaiting their trial with those who were already convicted, (near, hear.) The seeds of degradation and vice might by that means be sown among them ; but lie maintained that there was no necessity for mixing the prisoners at the Stockade ; it only wanted a little arrangement, and that dif ficulty would be avoided. There was perhaps something in a name, but he thought it would be no more disgrace for a man to be confined at the Stockade than to be confined in the Gaol of Adelaide. So far, he thought, these points had been met already by previous speakers. As regarded the Gaol building not being used for other useful purposes, he imagined it could be made extremely useful. (Hear.) The present Destitute Asylum was, he thought, a disgrace to the community— (hear)— and if it was removed_ to the Gaol building, there could be opened in connection with it an industrial school ; and many poor children who were now neglected by their parents, or who were orphans, might receive wholesome instruction, and be prevented from growing up, as many of them were now, to be rogues and vagabonds. Children, in many in stances, in this colony, were growing to be such they could not be placed to learn a trade, or apprenticed to a master, because their abhorrence of discipline was so great that they would very likely ' bolt,' and this all for the want of a little early instruction. (Hear.; As regarded the lawyers, he did not see it was the duty of that House to legislate for them. The time was come when the members of the legal profession, like the doctors, would have to go to their clients. (Laughter.) The doctors had often to travel, andheBpoke from experience, many miles after their pa tients, and they were but poorly paid— (laughter; -and the solicitors, who received enormous pay, were to receive all the convenience. (Hear, hear.) It appeared that the rogues and the vagabonds were to be brought to the solicitors, and he did not see whv it should be so. Let the solicitors, like the doctors and other professional men, find their clients and go to them. (Hear, hear..) He agreed with the feelings of sympathy which had been expressed with the better classes of prisoners, but be did not see that means could not be taken to prevent the necessity for it . If it were known tbat proper apartments were provided at the Stockade for debtors, and for those who were merely awaiting their trial, what would be the dif ference? They would be no more disgraced there than they would be by sending them to the GaoL There was a great saving of expenses— the present Ministry would of course look to that— and he was of opinion they were bound to carry it out (Hear..) Regarding the objection as a place for females, he would ask— Was the Gaol a proper place to confine females ? He considered it was not, and he thought they would, under any circumstances, want a proper budd ing for it, a place where there would be sufficient area, and where they would be able to employ them ; he considered the grand thing was to find labor for these parties. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Townsend, had spoken regarding the phrenological and physiological development of some of the men. (Laughter.) But the question was, whether the removal proposed would be good for the colony at large, and he believed it would. They were not called upon to legislate for any particular class. The rising generation might in the present gaol building be brought up in the way they should go, and become good and useful members of society. (Hear.) Mr. BAKEWELL would address a few words to the House upon that motion, although he considered it almost unnecessary for him to gay much, as the hon. member for West Torrena, Mr. Morphett, would find himself, as he usually was, in a glorious minority. (Laughter.) As re garded that member, he probably thought ' wisdom would die with him'— (laughter)— and the House would no doubt put on sackcloth and sit in ashes. (Renewed laughter.) He wished now to Bay a few words, although he felt perfectly sure of the result and that the motion would be rejected by a large majority, at the same time he was desirous of ; allud ing for a few moments to the Dry Creek prison establish ment (Hear.) He had had the honor of being confined for a few moments on Saturday last in one of the solitary cells of that establishment. (Loud laughter.; He had seen the working of that establishment, and seeing was believing, and he considered that any one who could advocate the sending of debtors to such a prison as that Stockade was unworthy of respect as a man. (Ob, oh.; Mr. A. BLYTH rose to order. The hon. member could not apply such remarks to any member of that House. (Hear, hear.; The SPEAKER must certainly call the hon. member to order. He must not make such allusions to hon. members as that they were unworthy of respect. Mr. BAKEWELL would at once withdraw the remark he had no intention of making auy personal allusion to any member. He considered, however, tbat the association of such men as runaway sailors from ships, with hardened criminals, was decidedly improper, and a disgrace to the Government of any civilised country. (Laughter.; Wliile he was at the Stockade he had seen apparently wellcon ducted men, side by side with the most hardened offenders loaded with heavy chains. Such a course was unjustifiable, and he hoped the Government would see that short sen-, tenced men were withdrawn and removed from the influence of kucIi contamination. (Hear.; He was of opinion tbat such a place as the Stockade was only intended for prisoners who were convicted of great crimes, and who should be made to work hard, so that the country should not be burdened with their support. (Hear, hear.) He considered it would be most impolitic and unjust to send men to that Stockade who were merely arrested for debt or were awaiting their trial. Was a man, when arrested, to be at once hurried away from his friends, and debarred the usual means of assistance? This was not right. He was of opiuion that the prison should always be within the city, so that it might be convenient for professional men, and that they might have easy access to their clients, so that they might have justice done them. Many men were arrested under charges of crime of which they were altogether inno cent and was it not necessary that their professional advi sers and friends should have easy access to them -. and they could best ensure this by the Gaol being in the city. ( Hear. ) In reference to the removal of degraded women, too, it would not be right to send them to this place, although it was said 'hell had no furies like a woman's tongue.' (Laughter.) Still he would not agree that it was right to send even abandoned and depraved women to the Stockade. Then there should be a place set apart for the recep tion of such. He was quite sure that there were many who were not so far depraved as to be altogether beyond reformation. (Hear.; For these reasons, therefore, he hoped tbe City Gaol would not be done away with. The hon. members for West Ton-ens and East Torrens had pro posed to use the building for the purposes of a Destitute Asylum and industrial school, and of course, this proposi tion was fully in keeping with the enlightened views of those hou. members, who were of course far in advance of the age. (Laughter.; He had always thought that it was desirable tbat a Destitute Ae\ lum should be as far away from the city as possible, where the orphan children could be instructed in trades and agriculture, and under proper matrons and schoolmasters would be far removed from the contaminating influence of city vice. He thought it would be much more desirable to advocate the removal of the Destitute Asylum to some pleasant spot in the country, where the inmates might enjoy the benefits of health and plenty of fresh air, instead of placing it as was now proposed, down by the side of that creek. (Laughter.) There was also the Lunatic Asylum, which was too near the city ; but of course that also suited the advanced views of those hon. members. (Laughter.) He had always thought that any number of enlightened men would have placed such an institution in a good locality in the country, where the waterfall and all the beauties of nature, assisted, by art, migbt be continually before the inmates— (laughter)— and where the human mind diseased might dwell upon those beauties, and undergo a soothing influence thereby. (Laughter.) He had always seen such places erected in the most beautiful spots— (hear, hear)— and not made like the loathsome prisons of the dark ages. The Stockade was cer tainly very clean, and was well adapted for the purposes which its name implied. There was not however, sufficient classification among the prisoners. He had seen a youth of 17 or 18 years of age loaded with heavy chains, and working beside the hardened criminal with grey hairs. There should be a better mode of classification than 'this, and the young in crime should certainly not be associated with the har dened criminal. (Hear, hear.; He should vote against the motion. Mr. GLYDE rose to move, as an amendment the previous auestion. He could not go with the hon. member for West rorrens, Mr. Morphett, on the meagre evidence before the Souse, nor would he like to vote against the motion, aa be Felt sure the hon. member had brought it forward with a new to serve the best interests of the country, and it cer tainly was a motion which ought to be fairly considered in sonnection with economy and the reduction of expenditure. 'Hear, hear.) His reason for moving the previous question simply was, that tbe House had not enough information lefore it to warrant it in adopting snch a motion ; and he thonght that the question should be left with the Executive until farther information on the subject was obtained. 'Hear, hear.; He would call attention to the proposition of ^4, Mr. C. S. Hare, the late Comptroller, to submit a plan to the ^mi Cxovernment [The hon. member here quoted from tbe letter ^^H )f Mr. Hare.] He thonght the Government had had plenty ^F^' 3t time to have possessed themselves of Mr. Hare's scheme. W He thought that it wonld be time enough for the House to legislate when they had that scheme before them. He weuld suggest that the hon. member should withdraw his motion, and he could bring it forward again at a time when the House were in possession of further Information fHeir.; Mr. MORPHETT here rose, and was about to apeak, when the SPEAKER ruled that the hon. member was not in order. Mr. DUTTON rose for the purpose of seeonding the amendment. lie thought there were, perhap3, good reasons for the motion, but it was, nevertheless, surrounded with many practical difficulties. (Hear.) In seconding the amendment, he would take the opportunity of expressing his regret; that the hon. member for the city, Mr. BakeweU, should have put so much strong feeling into his remarks. The expressions of that hon. member were, he thought alto gether uncalled for. Hon. members generally entertaineda great amount of respect for the hon. member for West Torrens. Mr. Morphett, and he was sure the House had every confidence in his jndgment. and that he would not bring forward a motion without feeling its necessity, and that it would be of public ibenefit (Hear.; The hon. member, Mr. BakcwelTs, remarks were therefore, wholly uncalled for (Hear, hear.; He would take that opportunity of placing on record his opinion of the way in which the Stockade prison had been managed, and he believed that nothing could be better than the manner in which tbat establishment had been carried on. (Hear.; He would also make one remark regarding the imprisonment of debtors. He thonght that a good opportunity ot expressing his utter detestation of the principle of imprisoning for debt at all. rt was most abhorent to his feelings to think that an unfortunate debtor- (oh, oh '.;— should be locked up in a place where he could not work, or have an opportunity of wiping off ihis liabilities. (Hear.) He was glad to have the opportunity of stating his disapproval of the law in that respect He thought that if those parties who cave snch unbounded credit, and led others into all sorts of extrava gancies, were to have a little confinement themselves it would have a most wholesome effect (Laughter.; Regard ing Hie expressions of the hon. member for Onkaparinga Mr. Townsend. respecting the phrenological development of the prisoners, he would call the hon. member's attention to the nature of the clothing in which those men were dressed .(Laughter.) Most of them had shocking bad bats on, wore chains, and had numbers stamped upon their clothes, and these things all tended to give an unfavorable impression regarding their phrenological capacity.- (Hear, hear.; He i niagined that if the hon. member were to catch at haphazard seventy or eighty individuals in the streets, and send them to the Stockade, and have their beards shaved, their hair'crop ped, and numbers placed on their clothes, and chains on their legs, they would present a somewhat extraordinary collection of heads too. (Hear, and laughter. ; The appearance of the prisoners did not, therefore, call for expressions of either detestation or astonishment. He thought that the Adelaide Gaol was not a very proper place for prisoners to be confined in. It was swarming with vermin. He had not been there lately— (loudlaughter)— but from what he had been -? told the condition of that building was anything but satis factory. The prisoners who were sent from there to the Stockade arrived covered with vermin. The situation was low and confined, and altogether it was not a very fit place. He thought the Stockade preferable. He considered the men who were working in the quarries at the Dry Creek must have their feelings considerably soothed by the aspect of things around them. (Langhter.; He thought the Govern ment of the day had been rather precipitate in making the alterations which they hod done. It would have been better had they received the advice of the officer of the department He hoped now that the matter had been so prominently brought forward some means would be adopted to effect an improvement Mr. A. BLTTH was glad the motion waa brought forward, because it was one which, if it effected no immediate good, could do no harm. He had been one of those who had visited the Stockade, and he was well satisfied with the arrangements there. He had several times also visited the Gaol, and he knew it was in a very dirty state. That, hotv ever, could not be laid to the door of the Government The building was old, aud there was one bad thine— tbe sleeping places or bedsteads were all bu-'lt into the walla of the build ing. The building had been erected 20 or 21 years ago and when it was considered what class of individuals had been from time to time confined there, it was not to be wondered at that it should be in a dirty state. He considered it his duty to state that he had always fonnd that the Governor and the clerk, Mr. Laurence, seemed most anxious to keep the place clean, and to'conduct it in a most creditable manner. (Hear, hear.) If the motion of the hon. member for West TorreDS had done no other good, it had at least drawn attention ^to the question. The hon. gentleman tlien alluded to the cleanly manner in which the Stockade was conducted. His feelings on entering the stone quarries after a muddy walk were almost the same aa they would have been had heValked with mud boots into a ladies' drawing-room. (Laughter.) He did not consider that in a small community like this, with a limited popula tion, they could afford to maintain two or three establish ments. (Hear.) There would be a question come before them shortly with reference to certain extensive repairs which would be required at the Gaol. There were many impiovements wanted ; among other^things it would be neces sary that those wooden sleeping berths should be removed. The number of prisoners there at present was, he believed, smaller than for some time past. It was to be regretted that the Government had not possessed themselves of Mr. Hare's report, and on that point he was glad that he had been one of those who voted for the correspondence being printed; it had been opposed at the time by certain ardent politicians in that House, but it was now likely to prove extremely useful. He thought that the motion of the hon. member for West Torrens, Mr. Morphett, having called attention to the ques tion, might lead to Important results. Mr. DUFFIELD would support the amendment for the previous question, but if that was lost he would vote with the hon. member for West Torrens. He could not agree with the idea of the hon. member for the city, Mr. Bake well, that all the vice and villany of the colony was concen trated in the city, for this was the substance of his argu ment. He said that the prisoners must be confined in the ~* city, that they might be near to their friends. The hon. member had objected to the motion, because it would re move prisoners to a distance from their friends. Why he believed the greater half of the population lived nearer to the Stockade than they did to Adelaide, and it wonld there fore be quite as convenient An unfortunate individual brought down from the north would be nearer to his friends in the Stockade than he would be in the GaoL It wonld, therefore, be actually more suitable for the inhabitants of the Northern and North-eastern portions of the colony, that piisoners should be confined at the Stockade. He thought good had been done by bringing forward the motion. Per haps they should have more time to consider the matter, but it had afforded an opportunity for obtaining an expression of opinion. Mr. MORPHETT here rose amid cries of 'divide.' and was about to speak to the amendment. The SPEAKER said it was against the Standing Orders for the hon. member to speak at that tima He could not do so unless the amendment bacame a substantive motion The ATTORNEY-GENERAL thought it highly desirable that some definite ruling shonld be made respecting the right of reply. Daring the previous session several conflict ing decisions had been come to. The Standing Orders were somewhat indefinite upon the subject, and it would be well if some clause was inserted to meet such cases ; but he did not think there was anything to prevent the hon. member from replying in the present case. It was not like a discussion upon the clauses of a BUI. Tbe SPEAKER thought the 117th Standing Order was perfectly definite, and he knew that during last session the Speaker had invariably ruled to that effect He thought the only way the hon. member could reply would be by moving the suspension of the Standing Orders. Mr. MORPHETT would like to know if he could make any remarks in withdrawing the motion. Th2 SPEAKER said the hon. member could not withdraw the motion, unless the mover and seconder of the amend ment consented to withdraw it If the amendment was withdrawn the hon. member might with the permission of the House, make any remarks in withdrawing the motion. Mr. GLYDE expressed his willingness, and that of his seconder, that the amendment shonld be withdrawn, pro vided the hon. member would promise to withdraw the motion. Mr. MORPHETT expressed his intention of withdrawing the motion. The SPEAKER then put the question— 'That the hon. member have leave to withdraw his amendment' which was carried. Mr. MORPHETThad anticipated all that had been ex pressed by hon. members respecting the matter of feeling. He did not think, however, that the effect of the motion would be at all likely to interfere in that way. He could if he liked say a good deal regarding the classification of prisoners, but it was unnecessary. Respecting the hon. member for Onkaparinga's expressions of horror at seeing a man in a solitary cell, he could tell that gentleman that if he would walk over to the Gaol he would see a woman in a soli tary cell also. (Laughter.; He had listened to the remarks of the hon. member, Mr. BakeweU, and certainly they were unjustifiable. He did not think that the hon. member however, had intended to make any reflections against him- ' self, but had been led away by his feelings of benevolence and humanity. Regarding his always being in a glorious minority, he always wished to be in suoh a minority ; any thing glorious was quite good enough for him, and was all he desired. (Laughter.; He would treat the hon. member better than he lia.l treated liim, and he hoped the hon. mem ber, Mr. BakeweU, had not gone out of the way to make his remarks, but had been led away, and wonld know better next time. He agreed with the opinions of the House, and would move the withdrawal of the motion. Motion withdrawn. THE LATE CHARLES MANN, ESQ. In Committee. Mr. MORPHETT moved— 'That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to cause a sum of ioi2. 3s. 40. to be placed on the Estimates, for the purpose of paying the same to the exeoutcrs of the tote Charles Mann, Esq., Commissioner of Insolvency, being tlie amount contributed by that officer to the Superannuation Fund up to the 24th May, I860 ; and interest on the sum so paid by him, from 1st January, 1855, to 30th June, 1859.' He would make no remarks on the subject then, but listen to the statements which might be advanced from the Treasury benches. The ATTORNEY-GENER Al/stated that the Government would leave the matter in the hands of the House. The executors of the tote Mr. Mann had made application for 1012\. 3s. 4d. and interest, the amount which had been paid into tbe Superannuation Fund by that gentleman. It was for the Committee to decide whether that application sbould be entertained or not. If the Committee should decide to repay the amount, the Government would, of course, not object to it ; if the Committee refused to entertain the appli cation, the Government would feel bound to do so also, as the payment of the sum asked would be, under the circum stances, opposed to the spirit and intention of the Super annuation Act - ' Mr. LINDSAY would enquire how far the yearly payment had been made by the various parties investing, and when those payments had stopped? Hon. members should recollect .that it was not an insurance fund, being^a Superannuation Fund only, and it would be found that parties dying from time to time, their investments would go into the general fund, and that this had been doubtless calculated upon originally. Mr. GLYDE feared he could not support the motion, al though he was not wishful to stand opposed to an applica tion founded on principles of generosity. The House, how ever, in justice to the public interests, must look impartially into the matter. The hon. member then referred to the old Civil Service Act. The sum of 10,0002. was voted by the Parliament to form the nucleus of a Superannuation Fund, and this was afterwards found to be insufficient for the pur pose contemplated, and the House then came to a resolution that the parties contributing to the fund might retire when y v they chose to do so, drawing out tbe amount v hicli they^ had paid in with interest. It appeared to hirajpnat Mr. Mann, intending to avail himself of the .fund, on his being superannuated, had paid into it up to his death, preferring that course to the other which was open to him ; namely, that of retiring and drawing out the amount which he had paid in. As he took that course from preference, he also took with it the risks, and having died without availing himself of thQ provision already referred to, he, Mr. Glyde, submitted that Mr. Manu's executors had no grounds npon which thev could rest their claims. Mr. A. BLYTH considered the matter of more importance than might at first Eight be supposed. (Hear.) When the Civil Service Act waa^asaed, the sum of lo.ooot was voted ss the sol* and only sum for a Superannuati-a Fund. But it ?was not made compulsory'at the same time . hat Governineut Officers should fairest in fli'at fan.], and.the coMequence was that the sum of IO.COOI soon bid lair ^ be melt^Vway as anow melted before the summer son. Various officers of the GTremSait retiring upon their allowances, and the f^dre^^tounJshtagrtheattention of the previous Par SSSentwar directed tothe matter, and it was seen that the fundwould soon become extinct. Bwta arranged that a party might withdraw his money with the addition of 10 ie^oStttwas probablethathadnotMr. Mann been in craoacitatea by a severe illness for some time prior to his death, he would have sent in his claim and have withdrawn his money. It was well known that that gentleman, owing to the Dainfol nature of his malady, was not in posses sion ofhis faculties for some time before his decease. Hon. memberTwonld agree with him that the Act to which he had referred was a very imperfect one, and the fond itself a most unfortunate one. But the fond was fast dying out, and the Committee was not likely to be troubled much longer with cases of the kind, and that being so, he would submit that the most expedient course Sir the Committee to adopt, would be to agree to the Mr?nTOWNSEND remarked that the hon. member for Gumeracha had evidently allowed his feelings to i get the better of his judgment The bon. member for Jatalaf Mr. CHydeJhad, in his opinion, put the question in the fairest way. It was optional with parties who had paid into the Sd not ^ee titot ttJefxecitors of the late Mr. Mann had any Skimsuron the Committee. If the request were acceded to, claims would come in from all quarters. It would be a fer bS^StolooktatoaU UafiUitjes under thfcA£ and to pay offall parties who had invested, rather than to deal In Chi way proposed with isolated andexceptiona.1 cases. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS remarked that it was found that the Act to which reference had been inade dM not work well, and that the last Parliament adopted a illation, giving facilities to those parties who had contributed to the funds to withdraw the momea with the addition of 10 per cent. The resolution, however. did not recoenise any claims from the executors of deceased SSitrautoreT but Irilf those which came directly from contributors themselves. It must, however be borne in mind that the present Parliament was not bound by a resolution passed by a 1»to^ on* He *a«a the Committee to remember that tie Civil Service Act was very defective in many respects. He would not appeal to taefedtagTor non, member » such a course would not be ™pro^o?e. Mn Mann was a gentleman, who had died hfcMy^pected ; but, owing to a long and painful illness, he wSforsSme time prior tohis death incapacitated to attend tohUaffairl Had he been otherwise, he would doubtless navVmadeappUcation for the withdrawal ofhis money from the funds, whtahapplication the House would have enter tained, as the Committee would doubUess entertain the pre ''mt^'mcEMjISTER would support the motion. Mr. Mann had contributed to the fund in the faith that either he or his children would receive it again. As the parent was dead the Committee |was in duty bound to paid it over to the executors for the beneBt of the children. Dr. WARE thought that the Commissioner of Crown lands had put the matter in a very fair light The late Mr. Mann had no doubt intended to avaU himself of the fund noon his being superannuated, and for that purpose liad made hto paynfeots% to the time of his death. However, the Act was acknowle3ged to be very defective, and the House. In his omnion, should cany the motion. . . Mr DUFFIEtD would be very sorry to do an injustice to Mr Mann's family, but still he could not accept the motion as it stood. He hoped the hon. mover would withdraw it, and aUW thfGovSnment to deal with the matter on a broader principle. It should not be forgotten that there were other parties who had claims upon the Superannuation Fund, and in his opinion it would not be nght to vote the Sum asked, as it would probably cause others to fall short of what wasdae to them. ^Unless the hon. mover intonated his intention to withdraw the motion, he, Mr. Duffield, should move the previous question. ... * .. The CHAIRMAN informed the hon. member that he could not move the previous question, the House being in Mr^GLYDE believed that everybody Tmew that Mr. Maim was well read in the law, and that he must have known of the existence of the Act No. 21, of 1854. Under that Act Mr Mann could have relieved himself from risk any moment he chose. He was receiving 9on£ a-year as Commissioner of Insolvency, and had he chosen he could have retired on 3007. P1ffr!1AUBIiTnrH remarked that the limited fund of 10,0002. furnished but a poor guarantee for the continuance of the 3002 had Mr. Mann adopted such a course. Government responsibility would cease when the 10,0002. bad been ab sorbed, and consequently the 300?. would not be worth three Tears' purchase. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL stated that the resolution passed by the previous Parliament was to enable parties to withdraw, who would otherwise get nothing at all. It was a matter for the House to decide upon, and he beheveathat it would act wisely in granting the motion. Mr. MILNE remarked that the fund was one which could only be sustained by a nnmber of persons paying into it. It was clear from the manner in which the fund was based that it was not intended that the parties shonld withdraw from it If any former Parliament had given the privilege it proved no reason why the present one should allow it Many persons were interested in the perpetuity of the fund, .and Ittama -nnt.Tiirht to draw from it He knew of nothing which Ld him to believe that Mr. Mann intended to with draw, but on the other hand he thought that he intended filling back upon the fund at some future time. Mr. MORPHETT said that as he believed Mr. Hanson had something to say on this question, and as that gentleman was not in his place, he, Mr. Morphett, would move that the Committee resume, the Chairman report progress, and ask leave to sit again. Agreed to. __ REAL PROPERTY ACT. Mr. MORPHETT observed that at so late an hour he would prefer that the House should adjourn rather than that the consideration of his Bill should be pressed on the notice of the House, and he would therefore move that the House should then adjourn. Mr. A. BLYTB remarked thatthere were two'other matters on the notice paper remaining to be disposed of, before a member dealing with a previous notice of motion could have the opportunity of adjourning the House. Mr. MORPHETT observed that if the House did not ad journ he would prefer to go on with the Bill. Mr. MILDRED moved ' that the House do now adjourn.' The motion not being seconded, 'Mr. MORPHETT commenced to remark, that he was opposed to violent changes, and preferred to take instruc tion from tile legislative proceedings of England, which would recommend themselves to the House, because they were based on safety and certainty. He would observe that the BUI he was about to propose, although containing clauses not very intelligible to laymen, was in some measure a copy of an existing English Act. He would, however, as the hour was so late, postpone the consideration of the Bill, and would move that the House should then adjourn. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS replied that it was not usual for adjournments of the House to be passed while other business on the notice paper was undis posed of. It would be competent for the hon. member to move that Notices of Motion 5, 6, and 7, should be made Orders of the Day for Friday following. - Mr. MORPHETT was still nnwiUingto yield precedence, and proceeded to explain the principles of his Bill amidst much confusion, and an evident attempt at a count out ; seeing which, the hon. gentleman waived his claim, and a motion to the effect suggested by the Commissioner of Crown Lands was carried. The House then adjourned until Thursday, at half-past 1. Thursday, June 28. The Speaker took the chair at half-pastel o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. DUFFIELD presented a petition from 248 inhabi tants of Crawford, Lyndoch Valley, North and South Rhine, and the locality, praying that a certain line of^road in that district should be declared a main line. - Beoeived, read, and referred to Committee on Main Roads BUI. Mr. MORPHETT presented a petition from Mr. Arthur KInloch, praying for enquiry into his dismissal from the Civil Service. The hon. member said that he presented the petition, because he recognised the right of every individual to approach that House by petition. [Hear.] Bat he felt bound to state that it contained language which mi^ht be considered disrespectful language in reference to His Excel lency. The paragraph in question was read by the hon. member, who said, that if that was disrespectful language, file petition of course must abide the fate of every similar petition. Mr. FINIOSS thought the petition should not be received, as it contained reference to theGovemor, whose name should not be introduced in debate. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that the hon. member ought to be prepared to state that the petition was respect fully worded, instead of asking the House to decide whether ft wai or was not respectful. Mr. TOWNSEND said the petition had been Bent to him, but lie had declined to present it as being at variance with Standing Orders. Mr. MORPHETT said that the coarse he had adopted was precisely that which several experienced members of that House had advised him to adopt He stood hi some doubt as to whether the petition could be received, as worded, and out of respect to the House he had called attention to the doubt ful expressions in it. [Hear, hear.] He therefore moved that the petition be received, in order to test the question of its admiaslbUity, except the Speaker ruled that it could not be received. Mr. DUTTOfT moved that the petition be 'read' before it was ' received.' The petition having been read by the Clerk, Mr. FDJMSS said there was enough on the face of that petition to justify severe animadversion; but he would waive that The petitioner, however, held language with regard to His Excellency which no member of that House could use, and, therefore, no petitioner could use it The ATTORNET-GENERAL pointed out that, by Stand ins Order 97, no debate could take place on the presentation era petition, except as matter of privilege or order. Mr. FINNISS thought the Attorney -General should not be «O fidgetty. He had just read a lesson to the hon. m'em \- bee for West Torrens, which the House had repudiated, and the Attorney-General should learn a little wisdom from these rebuffs, and not interfere so flippantly with hon. mem bers. There were several grounds why he, Mr. Finniss, ob jected to the petition, and he would move that the petition be not received. It u as irregular to refer to His Excellency in debate, and so it was in petitions. Therefore, without going farther into the subject, he moved the petition be not received. Mr. McELLISTER seconded. The petition was rejected. Mr. MORPHETT would ask, how could the House say they would refuse to receive a petition after it had been read by their order? Of course they must have received it before tfpv could read it The SPEAKER said the House had formally resolved to read it first The ATTORNEY-GENERAL Bald that Standing Order 94 excluded all petitions containing language disrespectful to any branch of the Legislature. The Governor was a portion of the Legislature, and if a member were to be allowed to say be doubted whether a petition was respectful or not, any insult might be readat the table of that House and published, after which, the House could say they could not receive it. He ?hoold like to know if hon. members were not bound to say before handing up a petition that it was respectfully worded? The SPEAKER said that strictly speaking it was so, bnt under the special circumstances of the case the House had decided lor the occasion, and had in fact overruled the Standing Order. Mr. DUFFIELD considered that the mere reading of the petition was an infraction of the Standing Orders already re « (erred to. The SPEAKER said that in future he should rule that any petition was inadmissible, unless the hon. member pre senting it couli vonoh for its being in strict accordance with the Standing Orders, Mr. MORPHETT repelled the idea of having been induced to present this petition. He had consulted with several ex perienced members, and had taken the course he had taken out of pnre deference to the roles and order of the House. He was as little incapable as any hon. member ot being ' in duced ' to any proceedings of the kind. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL denied having made any personal reference to the hon. member t his remarks were general hi then- application. Mr. BUTTON thought it would be better, shonld sooh a ease arise again, that the reporters should be requested to withdraw whilst the question was considered. The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS thought such a plan altogether unnecessary. Standing Order 94 set forth the course that should be adopted, and the Clerk of the House, or the Speaker, could have been called for infor mation on the subject The SPEAKER said that he, the Speaker had not been adced bis opinion of the petition till it had, in the first in stance, been submitted to the judgment of the House. Mr. DEFFXELD asked if the petition would now be made public; wonld the reporters be justified io in publishing the petition after the House had declined to receive It 9 Mr. MILNE said that the petition, having been read, was beyond the control of the House as regards the press, although the official records of the Honse would, he pre umed, conUin no reference to $fc The SPEAKER said the petition was now in the hands 1 of the hon. member who presented it, bnt the Houia had no control over the press in the matter. NOTICES OV MOTION. Several notices of motion were given, as recorded else where. SNOWY RIVER MAP. Mr. MILNE asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands when the map of the Snowy Biver Gold-fields, to be ap pended to Colonel Freeling's report, would be laid on the able of .the House. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS expected the map from the printer every day. REAL PROPERTY LAW AMENDMENT BILL. At the suggestion of several members, the ATTORNEY GENERAL moved that the second reading of the Real Pro perty Bilfrbe postponed for a week. Sir. GLYDE suggested that- the Bill be postponed until after the forthcoming dinner, to which many people were going in order to understand the Bill. (Laughter.) The TREASURER said that the Government would not wish to press forward the measure if hon. .members wished for more time to study its provisions. Mr. TOWNSEND, in reference to what had fallen from Mr. Glyde, hoped that the hon. member himself, for tbe reason he had advanced, would not fail to go to the Real Property dinner. [Laughter.] The second reading of the Bill was postponed, as proposed by the Attorney -General. CIVIL LIST AMENDMENT BILL. The TREASURER, in moving the second reading of this Bill, remarked that it was a measure of that description which, in a Parliament like the present, would hot require comment It was a measure which the public expected, and which, he believed thatHousewouldsmcerelyapprove. There was, however, one point that it was necessary to remember, namely, that this was a measure of that nature which, in pursuance of the provisions of the Constitution Act, would need to be supported by an absolute majority of the members of both Houses ot the Legislature. Had he thought such a course necessary, he would have requested a call of the House ; but this he thought needless, as no doubt even with the attendance of hon. members then present, an absolute majority of 36 members would be found in support of ILe measure. Tue Bill was very simple in its nature. It had for its object the redaction of Ministerial salaries, and also the equalisation of the salaries of responsible Ministers. Be could see no reason, and had heard no reason, why there should be such an inequality in the salaries of Ministers as at present prevailed. He could not see why -Hie Chief Secre tary should have 1,3002. a-year while the Commissioner of Crown Lands had 8062. a-year. The hon. gentleman then repeated the proposed reductions seriatim, and concluded by saying that a BUI so simple in its nature needed no lengthened explanation. He would, therefore, move the second reading of the Bill. Mr. FINNISS rose to oppose the measure, and he could not avoid expressing his astonishment and regret that on a question of such importance the Treasurer should have pre sumed upon his influence over that Honse to press lorward a measure, unsupported by argument a.id wholly uncalled for by the public. No doubt they had a strong Government, but if the effect of hiving a strong Government was to set aside deliberation and reasoning, and to legislate by mere force of ruling majorities, then the time would have come for them to consider whether strong Governments were useful or not There were two points which he would take up in opposing this measure. In the first place, it would, he ima gined, be highly dangerous to the proper carrying on of re sponsible government that the Ministry shonld be subject to the continual interference of the House as regarded their salaries. [Bear.] This was one of the gr-at principles which had been discussed when the Constitution Act was consi dered in a former Parliament, and it had been agreed that the salaries of Ministers should be placed on the Civil List. It was necessary that it should be so to insure getting men capable of performing their duties, and it was highly desirable that Ministers should be independent men. He must also express a hope that Ministers would retire from the House when the vote affecting their salaries was taken. [Oil, oh.] It was the practice hi the House of Commons, and he remembered that, on the last occasion when Minis terial salaries were discussed, it was advocated that it should be so by the present Treasurer; and to give importance to the subject he had even gone to the trouble of getting up a petition upon the subject. He, Mr. Finniss, hoped therefore the Ministry would follow out that course, and that they would have the delicacy to retire. [Oh !] He would, however, say no more on that point. [Hear, hear.] Ha would now advert to the question as regarded the Constitution Act It had been laid down that that House should not be called upon to alter and consider Ministerial salaries year by year. And withTegard to the passing of such a Bill, the House would have not only to obtain a, majority of both branches ot the Legislature, but also Her Majesty's assent before such a principle could be carried into effect ; :ind did not this show that the late House had attached great importance to that subject? They should not allow official salaries to come on for discussion in that way from tima to time. If they were to be discussed in a Bill, they might just as well he placed on the Estimates at ones ; in fact it was a first step towards an infringement of the Constitution Act in that way. The Bouse ought not interfere with reference to that question without very good and sufficient reasons being given, and he thought it was a most extraordinary course to attempt to bring in such a Bill without giving such reasons. He would object to that principle on another point. He did not think the equalization of Government salaries was called for. It was a measure contrary to the principle laid down at the time the Constitution Act was discussed— both the Act of 1853, which was not assented to, and that under which they now subsisted. Both Houses had agreed that it should not be. It showed what little regard for the laws the present Treasurer had when he could come forward and say that it required no argument for so grave a departure from the Constitution Act. Perhaps the Treasurer knew something of the sort was expected by that House ; perhaps something was expected outside of that House also. [Hear.] Perhaps the hon. the Treasurer might have told his constituents of his intention to bring forward this measure. Perhaps the hon. member might have obtained his present position, nay even his seat in that House by promising this magnificent act of patriotism. Seeing that at the time in question the hon. gentleman had not a salary to give up, he perhaps so far succeeded in de luding bis constituents by the show of patriotism- But after all, what did the hon. gentleman give up ? A sum of loot. Was it not worth that sum to buy the suffrages of the elec tors of Adelaide. [Oh, oh.] Was it not a small sum to give up to secure the support of members of that House? Was it not a comparatively small amount to give for establishing a character for patriotism ? It might also have the effect of keeping the hon. gentleman along time in office, for he was sure hon. members would never consent to part with a minister who was capable of so generous and patriotic an action. [Hear, hear.] And what did tbe Attorney- General give up? A sum of 2002. This was certainly a great act of generosity for a lawyer. To be found giving up part of the fees and and emoluments of his office for patriotism ! [Laughter.] If the lawyers throughout the colony had only been actuated by one-half that amount of generosity, there would never have been any necessity for passing Torrens' 8 Real Property Act Therefore, the Attorney-General must be looked upon as having displayed an amount of patriotism never before known in South Australia. Perhaps the Chief Secretary, too, was very patriotic. He sacrificed 5002 a-year. He, Mr. Finniss, did not know his circumstances, but he might be an independent man, and perhaps he might not. Perhaps he might think the acceptance of office with a salary of 8J0L a year, a good means of living. That was, no doubt, a question. The Chief Secretary might be a man having vineyards and orchards, and so forth ; and what wonld it be to himto sacrifice a few hundreds to secure the character of being a pattern ot patriotism, to secure the good opinions of the Legislature— comparatively nothing. There were others highly patriotic, no doubt who would come forward and occupy the office for 8002. a-year. But if Ministers were really such models of patriotism, why did they wait to bring in a Bill upon the subject— a Bill that perhaps would only he burning upon their succes sors? Why did they not say, ' We'll draw our salaries and pay them magnanimously back again into the public trea sury, and never touch a penny of them afterwards ?' Why did theynot tell them that? [Ob.] They no doubt thought them selves worth the amount of pay on the Civil List He, Mr. Finniss, thought they were worth it, and they ought to draw it It was not a wise course ; because let them look at the matter in a mercantile light. ff a man sends to England for any particular article, and sends a certain sum of money, he gets just the value of that amount of money in return. He should, if he wanted a good article, send a good sum of money, because the article is to be had at all prices. If he does not send a good sum of money he must go to the marts of Birmingham or Sheffield, where things are got up cheap. [Laughter.] Now, it was just the same with Government officers, and if they wanted men capable of fining those ap pointments, independent men, they should pay them well. He had no doubt tliat there were plenty who would take and fill those officea for 300/. a year, but he took it that the Legislature would stand on higher grounds, and that they would not put their Ministerial offices up to tender in that way. He did not think they should allow gentlemen to be put into power by the patriotic cry, 'Oh, we'll do it so much less than the others did.' Such woull be the cry at every election if the House was to permit that system of pandering to the clamour out of doors. The present Government might possibly not be in office long— until the Queen's assent was given to this Bill —and it would then follow that they had been eimply reducing the salaries of their successors, and other members who might be worth purchasing might not be able to get in because the salary would be insufficient for then- maintenance. By following the suggestion of the Government he considered the House would be deteriorating and degrading the public service. He thought the members of tbe Government ought to be paid well. Nothwithstand ing these reductions in departments which had been going on, the Government had not generally reduced salaries. They had admitted tbe principle— pay the men well and work them hard. [Hear, hear.] And tins was what they ought to do if they wished for ability. He hoped the House would always try to get able men on the Treasury benches, especially when there were so few independent men in the colony. [' Oh, oh,' from Mr. Townsend.1 Xhe hon. member for Onkapa ringa said 'oh, oh,' and of course by that he meant that he was an independent man. He, Mr. Finniss, had no doubt that be was one of those very independent men who would be willing to take office upon any terms whatever. [Lauchier.j The hon. the Treasurer bad alluded to the equalisation of Ministerial salaries as desirable. He thought the duties of the respective responsible officers of the Ministry here were very various, some being more onerous than others. There was the Chief Secretary, who was in reality the responsible officer of the Ministry, and he certainly thought he should be in that House. He was the Premier, and his duttss were extremely onerous. Under the Constitution Act he was the guardian of the whole Government No order for payment of money issued to any officer by a superior authority need be obeyed unless countersigned by the Chief Secretary. He was therefore the guardian of the Government, and it was necessary that he should consider every act of the Ministry before it was carried into effect In order to be cognisant of all that was going on in the Government it was necessary that every document should pass through his office. And no member of the Cabinet had a right to hold any important correspondence without it had passed through, Ijis office He was also the means of communication between the head 'of affairs and the Executive. He it was alone who had a right to confer with the Governor. The Governor would never think of visiting the office of the Commissioner of Public Works for any information. It was always the Chief Secre tary. Those were all important duties, and showed the office of Chief Secretory to be more important than any of the other offices in the Ministry. Perhaps of all the offices that of the Attorney-General was the least onerous. That qSicer had certainly the least work to do, and might be well able to lose 2002. per year and then feel that he was well paid for his services. Perhaps of all the officers of the Ministry the Com missioner of Public Works was the worst paid. The work of the Commissioner of Public Works had been very great, although the same amount of work might not always exist in connection with that department. They could not however, make any alteration in the remuneration attached to those offices. He could appeal to the other colonies in illustration of wliat he had stated. They had in every one of their Legislatures maintained a difference in the salaries of the officers of the Government— the Chief Secretary espe cially. In Victoria the Chief, or Colonial Secretary as he was called, had 2,5 02. per annum, and the other officers had 2,0002. The Solicitor-General had 1,5001. per annum. Then as regarded Tan Diemen's Land, the Colonial Secretary there had 1,2002., and the Colonial Treasurer had only sool Still both these colonies recognised the distinction which existed in the duties of the respective offices, and he thought it an unwise course to make all equal. He hoped the House would enter fully into the matter for the reasons he had given. The hon. the Treasurer had given no good reason for the scheme h? had introduced, and unless he could do this, the House should not pass the Bill. He would move that the Bill be read a second time that day six; mouths. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS thought that every hon. member who had had the honor of a geat in that House for the last two years, and who was accustomed to the heavy speeches of the hon. member for JfQunt flaifccr, and knew the dull way in which they were generally delivered, must, have !)een considerably refreshed to hear the energetic way in which' he haS, on that occasion, treated a simple matter of finance. The lion, gen tleman had begun by dispensing his favors right and left ; giving a sneer here and a laugh there, in a manner which really was peculiarly refreshing. [Hear; and laughter.] He had himself felt refreshed by the new style of the late Treasurer at a 1 events. [Hear.] 'l'iere had not however, been a single argument brought forward as to why the Bill should not pass. Tbe hon. gentleman had begun by saying that the House must not let the salaries of the officers of the Ministry come on for discussion year by year. He, the Com - inisgioner, h^d not understood that the introduction' of tl Bill would have any such effect;' 911 the contrary, it 'was a measure brought in to alter 'the Constitution Act. ' The Bill would require to receive the assent of a majority of both Houses, and he imagined' the Civil List was still to be re tained, only that the figures would be altered. ' The Bill was' therefore, brought in to alter the Act, and it would not require Ihesalaries to be considered year by year. [Hear.] It was never intended, as had been stated, to put the Minis terial salaries on the Estimates. The intention of the Bill was simply to revise the salaries'. He believed that In New South Wales the same step had been taken to equalise the salaries. ? How the hon. member lor Mount Barker. Mr. Finniss, could have bronght forward such a statement against the Treasurer, as that he owed his seat to a display of patriotism, and so had been returned by a large majority, he, the Commissioner, did not know. The hon. member must have surely forgotten that in making that statement he was accusing himself of want of patriotism, because, if the Hon. the Treasurer had been returned against , him on that account, it clearly showed that the hon. member must have been re ected for want of patriotism, [Hear, and laughter.] Of course it was highly desirable to have men of worth and ability on the Treasury benches, and it was right they should be paid; but there was a very old saying, that '?' you may pay too dear for your whistle.' And if the country had thought the hon. member for Mount Barker was worth 1,2001. a year, or that he had ability enough, that might not be too much for his ability. It was therefore shown that, as regarded the Treasurer or Chief Secretary, they 'might pay toe dear for their whistle.' [Hear, hear.] The measure was simply one of economical arrangement, and one which the Government considered it necessary to carry out. In the first place, he believed, tbe equalisation of Ministerial sal tries would work well, alth; ugh the Chief Secretary might have a different position from the rest of the Ministry. He, however, denied that the Chief Secretary was in a more responsible position. He was, it was true, the medium of communication between the Governor and the Executive, and . had to countersign all orders and so forth. Yet where was Responsible Govern ment if there was only one responsible Minister? [Hear, hear. ] He held that the other members of the Ministry were equally responsible for their actions. He did not tliink it necessary further to take up the time of the House than to ask them to assent to this measure. [Hear.] It was merely as he had stated an economical arrangement and he hoped the House would adopt it so that future ministers sitting on those benches might be bound by it. As regarded the Chief Secretary, he considered he was - well paid at 8002. per year. He agreed that it might be much better if he had a seat in that House, but the preceding Ministry had shown by ex ample that it wa not absolutely necessary that he should be a member of it ; on the contrary he had heard arguments from the same hon. member that, if any officer of the Government had a seat in the Upper House, it should be the Chief Secretary. 'No.no, from Mr. Finniss.'] Well, it might not be from him, bnt it was from some ofhis hon. colleagues. It was, at all events, from that side of the House. [Hear, hear.] He hoped the House would pass the second reading of the Bill, and carry it through. Mr. TOWNSEND had listened to a great nnmber of speeches during the time he had been a member of that House, and he could say he had never listened to any speech which was so low in its tone as that which had just been delivered by the hon. member for Mount Barker, Mr. Finniss. In a BUI such as the present, containing only two clauses, and so simple in its nature, he had not supposed much discussion needed, and he was decidedly of opinion that the hon. member had referred to it in an improper spirit ; nor could he help thinking of the speeches which had come from the other side of the House during the time the late Government held office, with reference to the question of emoluments to Government officers. It was then con tended that the emoluments of office were well and hardly worked for, and that they should not be in terfered with ; it was, notwithstanding, a degradation to be continually dwelling upon emoluments and pay. But now the hon. member seemed to think of nothing else. [Hear.] He, Mr. Townsend, considered the oiannerin which the hon. member had referred to the action of the Govern ment in bringing hi that Bill, degrading to the city electors who had placed the Treasurer in that high position. [Hear, hear.] The hon. member had said that the Treasurer would be making no sacrifice in giving up 1002. out of 9002. f r power and position, and that he had cheaply bought the suffrages of the electors of the city for 1002. The hon. mem ber said that the votes of those electors were cheap, and were to be easily bought [Hear. 3 It was true that the electors of the ci ty had returned Mr. Thomas Reynolds by an overwhelm ing majority, perhaps the largest majority by which any hon. member had been returned -, and it was equally true that they had rejected and sent to the right about Mr. B. T. Finniss. [Hear, hear.] He thought that if any proof were wanting as to the estimate formed by the city electors of the ability of the two men, it was to be found in the fact of the electors of the city choosing, as they had done, from the two candidates who were likely to be fitted for the office of Trea surer, and electing a hardworking, painstaking, energetic man, such as Mr. Reynolds had proved himself to be, in pre ference to the now hon. member for Mount Barker. [Hear.] The hon. member had also mentioned about sending home to England for goods, and having to pay high prices for first rate articles, and had also said that they could go to the Birmingham and other markets and ob tain articles of inferior quality at cheaper rates. He [Mr. Townsend] thought that the hon. gentleman must have been originally a Brummagem article himself— [laughter]— and that as such came out here, got into power, and by mixing with Government officials, acquired a little of the official varnish. [Hear, and laughter.] He had said that all those who were employed in responsible and important offices should be proportionately remunerated. He had also said that the lightest office in the Government was that of the hon. the Attorney-General, who had the least to do in the Cabinet but notwithstanding this he immediately afterwards defended giving 1,0 ool. a year to the Attorney General, with little to do, and 8002. a year only to tbe Com missioner of Public Works, and to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who he had himself acknowledged were more hardly worked. [Hear.] The hon. gentleman would, he thought, do well to remember the speeches of Sir. Hanson and other members of the Cabinet. But as regarded the particular question before the House, notwithstanding the remarks of the hon. member for Mount Barker upon tbe subject, he [Mr. Townsend] considerei the present Ministry were quite right in bringing in the measure in the manner they had dona The Treasurer knew that he was strong in that majority which had returned him, and also in. having the confidence of a majority of that House, and he knew that the Bill went direct to the point He believed that the Bill would be received with great satis faction. It was quite in accordance with the spirit of that Government the way in which they had introduced that Bill. Thev went into office on the understanding that some such measure would be introduced. He must however, call attention to one point that had perhaps been overlooked. He understood from the Government that the office of the Attorney-General was to be modified so as to make it a non- political office, and to have placed it under some other name. But he perceived in the second clause that the salary of the Attorney-General was included under tbe same designation. It was, of course, a question which might be considered and altered in Committee ; still, he thought it right to call attention to it. The hon,. member for Mount Barker had also aUuded to the manner in which the mem bers of the present Government drew their salaries, They drew their salaries at the rate at which they were at present fixed, and he imagined that the moment the Bill passed the Legislature, and without waiting for Her Majesty's assent tliey would draw their salaries in tbe way that Bill specified. This would give great satifaction to theirfriends, who certainly expected thatthey would follow this lineof action. He thought if tbe hon. member for Mount Barker really wanted to show a factious opposition now he was on that side of the House, his speech ot that day had given a fair exhibition of it. {Hear.] Before sitting down he would call attention to the 123rd Standing Order, which stated that hon. members could not vote in cases where they were pecuniarily interested. ie tnougut tne ruung in tne present instance might perhaps be to the effect that Ministers did not come within the scope of that Standing Order. With regard to two out of the four Ministers in that House, their salaries were unaltered by the Bill, and though those of the other two were altered it was by way of reduction, andt'ie Ministers concerned might be salely le/t to vote for such reduction. [Laughter.] Either they were not affected by it at all, or they were affected on the wrong side. He would support the second reading. Mr. MILNE rose to a point of order. He would ask whether, as this was in some respects a money Bill, it should not be debated in Committee ? The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that the ques tion before tbe House was simply whether the Bill should be read a second time. Mr. N. BLYTH would not detain tbe House long in making a few remarks upon the question before them, because he was quite sure he would be followed by those who were much more able than himself to deal with the question. He tho ught that the Ministry were certainly entitled to the warmest thanks for bringing in that measure. Their intention was good, and the measure would, he thought be conducive to the good of the country. [Hear, hear.] He must say he did not see that the Government wore acting at all inconsistently in drawing their present salaries. It was all that was ex pected of any one if they obeyed the law as it stood. [Hear,] i the law happened to tell against them they would be bound to obey it. In the present case it happened to tell favorably. When the Bill became law it would be time enough to obey it. One reason why he was prepared to give his acquiesence to the measure was that it did not interfere with vested interests. A similar question had received affirmation hi the British House of Lcrds, in which a Bill had been rejecte-1, because it apparently interfered with the vested interests of certain clergymen. The clergymen had, it was true, given their consent, but the fact of the interference was sufficient to justify its refusal. As regarded the present measure, he might say that it would have received his acquiesence even had the reductions been greater. He thought a Minister's salary could not be compared with any others. He had heard what had been said about purchasing ceitain articles and paying a certain price according to their worth. The salaries of the Government could not be estimated in that way. People could not hold that the salaries of the responsible ministers of the Crown were to be pat into com parison with the salaries' of ordinary employees. [Hear, hear.] It was a fair presumption that men of ability and activity would be found with sufficient leisure to place at the disposal of the country, without looking for high emolu ments. He trusted that a higher motive than mere pecuniary advancement would animate Ministers. He trusted that the BUI would go furtl4er. An hoo. member had dwelt much upon the fact, that the uitroduotiou of the measure was conT trary to the Constitution Act. The hon. ge.itleman here dwelt at length upon that view of the question, stating that it was not a question of constitutional principle which was involved, but simply a question of figures and reduction of expenditure. [Hear.] There were also collateral advan tages to be gained .from this measure. Under responsible government, he had found that Ministers increased their private establishments, and altog -Iher got into a more luxu rious manner of living: [Hear.] That remark did not merely apply to members of the Government ; they all lived a good deal too luxuriously— [laughter] —and if to any degree a collateral advantage could be gained iu this wav he should 1}2 glad to gee ttje measure passed. [Hear.] He thought that they should all learn to use a little self-denial, and, if gentlemen had been compelled ' to reduoe then- private expenditure, as most of them had, why should not the same principle be applied to the pnblic service ? [Hear, i He felt inclined, however, to agree with the hon. member for Mount Barker, that that measure sUould not h-ve been brought on for consideration except after a call of the House. It would have been only courteous to have made a call of the House ; but, he presumed, this was a mere oversight on the part of the Treasurer. He had thought, until within a few momenta previously, that the consideration ot the measure would have been postponed, and it would, perhaps, have been the better course, so that a call might have be'sn made, and the matter fully considered. He would repeat that the question involved 'was, sirnply qne of ^ga,Tes and not of principle. Tunes bad changed since tlie original schedule to the Constitution Act had been passed ; they had gonctlirough a period of unwonted depression, and he thought that was a sufficient reason for the Act to be altered as regarded the amounts. [Hear.] All hon. member had said that he had no doubt that there were many who would come forward and occupy the office of Chief Secretary for 3002. per year, but then it would not be a party who would be suitable. It was recorded of the celebrated Cobbett that he had once said he could get a man who was willing to be Speaker o the House of Commons for half the s.alary paid ; but the hon. member must have 'forgotten' that it was necessary that gentlemen holding these high offices should have the confi dence of . the country. [Hear, hear.] He would be prepared to give the measure his warmest support Mr. LINDSAY said he did not impute to the present Administration the unfair motives which had been imputed to them by tbe boh. member for Mount Barker, Mr. I'inniss. He believed the Treasurer, having given a pledge to his con stituents, was b'ound not only to fulfil his pledge honorably, but willingly. His, Mr. Lindsay's, opposition was' based on the ground that he considered the' interfering with the Con stitution to be wrong. Such interference ought only to follow upon very strong cause shown, and ought not to be the result of any clamour. When Her Majesty gave us a Constitution sire wi'gely stipulated tdr a Civil List. That list was never attempted to be interfered with.' He af once admitted that, the salaries ' of the Ministers might be the subject of advantageous legislation tq Bonje extent— [b,ear] - still he apprehended thatit would'be a great evil to interfere with the Civil List at all' ; as it might be subjeoted to altera tions year by yeav. He apprehended that inasmuch as the Civil L,iat was introduced at Her Majesty's wish, any altera ration they might make would be overruled. He would con sent to no interference -with the Civil List, and therefore would oppose the Bill, and he (rusted that hon. members would follow- his example. Mr. MILNE cordially Iconcurred with the last spea'cer iu his intention of opposing t lie motion. He took that oppor tunity of saying that hedisuuiimed all' imputation of im proper motives as against tbe Government, 'and accorded . great credit to iheinfor the stand which 'they had taken in I regard to economy. ' They had determined iipon oconomica changes, and \e thought? it was creditable to'tliem ; 'but he h.ad a' greqt objection PS tamper withour' 'Constitution Act, I unless from some very strong necessity. He feared that we. might get into the habit of lightly making alterations ; in fact he thought we should rarely hear of a Parliamentary session without there having been some alterations made. £f they begun by altering the salaries of responsible Ministers, it was to be feared the Jndges wonld next be interfered with, and he would be sorry, indeed, to see their salaries touched in the slightest degree ; in fact he would much re gret to have the Constitution Act touched at all without tbe strongest necessity and demand for it Allusion had been made to commercial depression, and it was true enough in reference to recent times that there had been such depres sion ; but he thought such depression would not continue. There had been a considerable alteration in things since the Constitution Act was passed, six years ago ; there had been a great deal done; the population had increased to a con siderable extent ; imports and exports had largely increased ; and when they considered how the material wealth of the colony had augmented, and compared then* condition with that of the neighboring colonies, they could point in a very favorable manner to the result There were two ways of looking at the question before them; the post of a Minister was one of great honors— there was no questionabout that; and it was an object of ambition. But it was not one barely of honor; it entailed serious and responsible duties ; and if they gave a responsible Minister a salary at all, that salary ought to bdar some approximation, some assimilation, to the duties entailed. [Hear, hear.] Surely they could never think for a moment that if gentlemen worthy to occupy those benches gave up their tune and talents to other occupations, they would not realise very much more than the salaries set down in the Schedule. There was a sufficient margin for honor— a thing not to be purchased generally; but iiinisters had to devote time, talent, and even to sacrifice the pursuits of private business, which might realize three or four times the amount of their official remuneration. From these considerations he thought the present salaries not too much. It had been said that this question did not really affect the Constitution. In one sense certainly it did not because it did not affect the clauses of the Constitution Act ; but it came to the same thing ; if they once began meddling with the schedule, which was really part and parcel of the Act no portion of it was safe. They had heard from the Treasurer that it required an absolute majority in both branches of the Legislature to pass this Bill, but he would be glad to know if that was the opinion of the -learned Attorney-General. He was prepared to admit that the pro posal before them was not without its advantages, but on the grounds he had stated he felt bound to vote against the motion. ' Mr. MORPHETT did not sympathise in the horror that had been expressed as to meddling with the Constitution, nor did he look upon it as something that was inherently perfect, and required no after emendation. He was old enough to remember that Lord John Russell years ago brought in a Reform Bill which he said must be taken as a final measure ; bat what was the case now ? Why, that same noble lord had introduced another Reform BUI, setting aside his former measure, and substituting one going very much further than that which he had said must be final. Experi ence and enlightened statesmen bad thrown that argument to the winds, and they too must discard the notion of having obtained a final Constitution, and address themselves to the duty of improving it so far as it needed improvement. Hear.] He could of course very well understand the dread of the hon. member for Mount Barker, so long accustomed to the sweets of office, and perhaps not altgether despairing of recovering them, he could imagine him, accustomed as he was to be shut up— not amidst the waterfalls that had been recently referred to, but amidst the gloom and routine of his office— he could imagine that that hon. member would be horrified by the proposed change. The idea reminded him of Macbeth and iunquo's ghost But they could not check the progress of the nation. [Hear.] The change was coming, and would come, in spite of the hon. gentleman. Tbe hon. member for Onkaparlnga had deprecated yielding to popular clamor ; hut he, Mr. Morphett, was ready to bow to the majesty of the people. [Hear.] The people were accustomed to have their own way. The Real Property Act was a signal instance of the power ot the people to obtain their wishes, and it was useless to resist He certainly would confess that tbe popular view might not always be right, but with such a Constitution as they had, it was ridiculous to talk of not yielding to popular demands. He certainly agreed with those hon. members who had said that there would be great dissatisfaction if Ministers did not redeem their pledges on the subject of retrenchment Mr. MIDNE rose to explain. He did not say that they should not yield to popular clamor, but that unless there was a general public demand for it, and it became absolutely necessary, they should not interfere with so highly impor tant an Act as the Constitution Act Mr. SUTHERLAND would not have troubled the House at all had not the hon. member for Mount Barker said that if they wanted a good article they must pay a high price. But they did not always get a good article for a high price, in .proof of which he might remark that it was not so very long since the Home Government thought to foist upon them a very bad article indeed, at a very high figure. ZA. Governor had been appointed— he forgot his name— (Lawler— Francis Lawler)— yes, Mr. Lawler, who was to receive a much higher salary than Governor Grey ; — yet this Mr. Lawler was such a very bad article, though at such a high price, that the Home Government were com pelled to cancel the appointment. He thought this a most complete answer to the remarks of the hon. member about high prices securing good articles. [Hear, hear.] The state of tbe finances of the colony rendered retrenchment neces sary, and he should certainly support the second reading of the Bill. Mr. GRUNDY had come to the House that day with no idea of speaking to this question, for he had no idea that a Bill that was introduced to the House with so much grace by the present Cabinet, and so much patriotism, would meet witb the slightest opposition. [Hear.] It had, however, proved otherwise, and he felt in consequence compelled to makeafew comments on the debate that had arisen, which he would preface by saying of the conduct of the Ministry that it was the most dignified and patriotic that had distinguished the history of any British legislation since the days of the great Lord Camden, whose saorifice of the emoluments of office was matter of lasting honor to himself. The ex-Treasurer had thought fit to insinuate that the present Treasurer's sacrifice of loot a year was the price of his supporters' votes in that House. Now this sum he, Mr. Grundy, found was, when divided among its members, about 10s. a month per member, or 2s. 6d. a week, or, includ ing the days of attendance on Select Committees, at the rate of 5d. a day. [Hear.] Now, if the hon. the ex-Treasurer thought that was the price of his, Mr. Grundy's, votes, he would find himself greatly at fault in attempting to drive a bargain with him on such terms, as he would equally be on any other terms. [Hear, and laughter.] The 1002., however, was not to make them forget that the aggregate saving by the Bill was 8002., and that was a consideration in the pre sent condition of the public purse. [Hear.] Bat he would ask hon. members whether, apart from the mere amount ot 8002., there was not as important a consideration in the moral force of so noble and disinterested an example? ? [hear]— whether it would not even be felt beyond the pre cincts of' South Australia? There was another consideration he was led to bring before them, namely, that two of the members of the Ministry who had brought in that Bill were known not to be wealthy men, and hi such a case the sacri fice ot 1002. a year out of 9002. was as great an act of patriot ism as that of 1,0902. a year would be on the part of some of those honorable gentlemen among them, who had the good fortune to possess large incomes. [Hear.] He was somewhat surprised to find the principal opposition coming from the ex- Treasurer, in indulging in which he had laid some stress on securing the greatest amount of ability by paying a higher amount of salary. Now he, Mr. Grundy, was willing to hope that their 8002. bargain would prove as good as their previous one— [hear]— at all events, they might calculate upon having the Treasury ledger and journal as well kept r Laughter.] It was due to the present cabinet to state, in reply to some unnecessarily severe strictures that bad been indulged in, as to their claims of salary, to remind the House that when the subject -was first mooted by the present Treasurer, he had distinotly stated that the Cabinet did not intend to wait for Her Majesty's sanction to the present Bill before they acted upon it, but that so soon as it received the sanction of the two Houses, they would from that date draw only their reduced salaries. [Hear.] The hon. member for Encounter Bay, Mr. Lindsay, expressed great horror at what he considered an inroad upon the Constitution Act ; but it might serve greatly to abate that hon. member's horror and apprehension to. remind him that that Act itself contem plated improvements —[hear] —that one of its clauses pro vided for alterations, amendments, and additions, which its framers evidently anticipated would in the course of events become advisable or necessary. That time had now arrived, and their present action, he maintained, was in perfect har mony with the Constitution, to interfere with whioh had created so much needless horror. [Laughter.] It would evidently be useful on the present occasion to read to the House the clause to which he referred. The hon. member then read the opening paragraph of the 34th clause, and concluded by referring to the lofty patriotism of the chief opponent of the pr- sent measure. That gentleman had re marked that delicacy should dictate to the Ministers present to withdraw from the House when the - division took place ; but he would ask, did that hon. gentleman leave his seat when he fixed his own salary at 9002.? and as for his patriotism, where was that when in his place in that House he brought in through the Constitution Act, the schedule that gaddjed the country with'his retiring pension of 4252. a year for life? [Hear.] Where was his dis interestedness and patriotism at that time, when, with 375I. a year to be granted to the Ex- Attorney-General, he taxed the country 8002. a year ? [Laughter.] And as those gentle men were in theTOoom of manhood, aud might calculate upon their time being extended 20 yearn, the/ had in the overflow of their patriotism, established a claim upon the revenues of South Australia, to the extent of 16,0062. Re would conclude by cordially supporting the measure. Mr. FINNISS explained that he was sure that the hon. member, Mr. Grundy, was not aware of the fiict that tjie ex- Ministers were not present when the rote for their sala ries was being considered. Mr. GLYDE did not intend to fyive BDoken ; in -fact he thought the Bill might have been carried stfb silealio. He thought it the most extraordinary thing in the world il Ministers chose to have their salaries reduced, and presented a Bill for that purpose, that opposition should be thrown in their way. With reference to tha horror of interfering with the Constitution Act -did they mean to say that the whole wisdom of the polony was concentrated in tho 2t members of a previous Assembly, and that the present Assembly were fools? He supported this Bill for two reasons; first because he thought it desirable to save 8002. a-year; and in the second place, because the equalisation of salaries of ministers was a very important move in the right direction. He had observed that under the present system the right men had not always been in the right place ; round men had been placed in square holes, and square men in round holes He could, however, suppose that under a better system a successful farmer won d he Commissioner of Crown .Lands ; an architect or engineer, Commissioner of Public Works ; the leading barrister ot the colony, Attorney General; s man who had a turn for figures— [laughter 1— and who had by managing his own affairs well shown his capacity to manage public finances. Treasurer— [hear] -and one who combined all these good qualities., Chief Secretary. They would then get pi tery pleasanly. [Laughter.] There was no necessity for going into argument, for this BUI would be passed by a large majority. He wished, how ever, to ask the Attorney- General whether it was necessary that the Bill to be passed must have an absolute majority of both Houses. He believed it was not necessary, as the Bill did not affect the constitution of the House, or the franchise, or tbe mode of electing their office; s, but referred simply to a financial arrangement. Dr. WAttK quite agreed with the Bill before the House, and thought it quite proper to begin with the Ministry themselves. Paring and pruuing. were doubtless quite necessary, but it was not necessary to limit this to the lower salaries. They must begin at the beginning. Ministers took office on the principle of retrenchment, and if they could not carry this out they had better go and attend to their gardens, and th ? gentlemen iu town to their business. It was one thing to give a certain salary when gold was flowing in and the people were anxious to get rid of it It was easy then to do these things but there came a time when things changed. Ministers had taken the right step, but it would not stop there. He was not sure that anybody vrould be sate, not even Mr. Speaker. [Laughter.] A good 'deal had been said about people 'having a particular turn for business, am making a greet deal of money, but some people of very high faculties, and far above the average, were not fit for mer chants, though they might be fit for statesmen. It was very difficult always to get the right man in the right place ? Mr, DUNN remarked that the hem, gentleman wag out of order The SPEAKER ruled that the hon. member was sliffhtlv out of order. ' ' -*.?.» Dr. WARK thought he might illustrate by example. [Laughter.]1 'There were persons whq woulcl have no examples, and could nqt appreciate an example— [laughter] — wljq were' incapable' of making a comparison, or' ot com paring tha past ages with the Dreseuf,' and present 'things with' past. -[Laughter.] J-hey were incapable of Judging; tqey could make money', and that was all. He would merely say he was prepared to give full support to the measure. [Divide, divide.] Mr. DUFFIELD would be sorry to occupy the time of the House long, for he knew that he could not address them in so lucid a manner as the last speaker had done. [Laughter. ] Jle only rose to correct an error of the hon. member for Tlount Barker to the effect that, when the Civil LliitBill was passed, those gentlemen withdrew. The fact; w4s, as appeared by reference to the votes and proceedings, that they withdrew when the question of their pcusioiia wnd under consideration, bat rejiainid ini voted 'on' the' Question 6i' their salaries: ? :' : ' ?' ? 'T ' ,t ? ? ? ?- Mr. MILDRED, who rose atniust loud crjea Qt'-' Divide,' said that he only 'wished tq remark tliat he considered tiie p»$|ent a mqst opportune moment for effecting the reduction 1 proposed, and should certainly support the BUL He should ] also be prepared to go further than was proposed in the J measure introduced by the Government Retrenchment was now absolutely necessary, and the House must not shrink from what was an imperative duty. . A divieion was called for, on the amendment of the Com missioner of Crown Lands, which was rejected by fire votes. Ayes, IL— Messrs. Bakewell, Brown, Dale, Glyde, Grundy, Morphett, Moorhouse, Owen, Sutherland, Walk, McEUiater (teller.) Noes, 16.— The Treasurer, Commissioner Crown Lands, Commissioner Public Works, Messrs. N. Bliyth, Coglin, Cole, Dale, Duffield, Dutton, Finniss, Mildred. Milne, Pea cock, Santo, Townsend, the Attorney- General (teller.) The ATTORNEr-GENERAL, in reply fo a question which had been asked as to whether the Constitution Act required a majority of the whole House before a Bill pro posing such alterations could be passed, could inform son. members that no alteration could be made hi the Con stitution Act unless with the sanction of a majority of the whole House. He had experienced much satisfaction from the explanation of the hon member for Mount Barker, Mr. Finniss, who, daring the whole of his speech had held in his hands a very long piece of red tape— [loud laughter 3— which was an extremely symbolical badge of the principles which he was enunciating, as nothing could have been produced which savored more of red tape than the speech of the late Treasurer. The Government had con sidered the question with reference to the Constitution Act, and were aware that a large majority of both Houses was re quisite before such an alteration in the Civil List could be carried. Mr. DUNN remarked that before the question was put he was desirous of making a remark with reference to the arguments which had fallen from the late and also from the present Treasurer. The late Treasurer had observed that in order to have the work of the Government done well it would be necessary to pay the officers of the Government well ; and he, Mr. Dunn, hoped that, because the present Government were proposing to lower the pay of their officers, the work would not be worse done in consequence of the reduction. He remarked that the vulgar opinion was that the most highly paid officials usually had the least work to do. He seconded the motion. A division was called for with the following results : — Ayes.— The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Messrs. Bakewell, Blyth, Browne, Cole, Coglin, Dale, Duffleld, Dunn, Dutton, Glyde, Grundy; Mildred, Moorhouse, Morphett Owen, Parkin, Santo, Sutherland, TownBend, Wark. and the Treasnrpr f teller} Noes.— Mr. Milnes, and Mr. Finniss (teller). Majority, 22. The House then resolved itself into Committee, and the second reading was proceeded with. Mr. TOWNSEND called the attention of the Committee o the term 'Attorney-General' in the first clause. He had heard it stated that it was not intended to make the Attorney-General a political office, and suggested that he shonld bear the title of ' Minister of Justice?7 The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied that the Govern ment had come to the conclusion that if the Court of Appeal Bhoald be formed the objections formerly urged against the office of Attorney-General would be rendered unnecessary. The Bill did not propose to violate the Constitution Act, bnt merely to alter certain amounts paid to particular t-moen. The TREASURER considered that it was very desirable the Bill should be carried as it stood, as if the suggestion of Mr, Townsend were adopted it would involve the opening up 9f another question, and he was under the impression that such a contingent motion would peril the safety of the Bill in the other branch of the Legislature. Mr. GLYDE did not feel disposed to accept the suggestion of the hon. member, as he considered that they should not be intimidated by the probable conduct of the other House ; he would do his duty without reference to the conduct of the Legis lative Council. [Hear.] Taking one of the items contained in the Bill, viz., that referring to the salary of the Governor, le would remark that in the year 1847. the salary of Major Robe, who was at that time Governor of the colonyTwas 1,5001. a-year. In 1848, Sir Henry Young took office at an annual salary of 2.0002., and in the year 1855 Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell became Governor at the inereased stipend, of 3,0002., which, under the amended Constitu tion Act, was raised to 4,0002. a-year. He [Mr. Glyde] was rather surprised that when the Constitution Act was passed relieving the Governor of a large amount of power and responsibility, the Legislature of that day had ound it necessary to raise the salary of the representative of Her Majesty. I here were, however, reasons at the time when Sir R. G. MacDonnell took office which justified the Government of that day in incurring the additional expense of an increased stipend, for as a result of the recently-discovered gold-fields the revenue of the colony was extremely good. In the year 1857 the revenue of the colony was 576,0082., against an authorised expenditure of 378.0002. The balance in favor of the revenue was then 480 0002. It was therefore natural that the Legislature of that period should take a favourable view of the prospects of the colony, ana frame their Civil List accordingly, as their financial position at that time was such as to justify them in dome so But the financial position of the the colony at the present time was very different; instead of a balance to credit of the revtnue, there was a deficiency of 22,0002. The estimated revenue was 491,0002., and the expenditure 690,0002 In the present position of ,the colony, he, for one, would not shrink from attempting reduction! in the very nigneat quarters. itiear, near.] He did not approve of docking off small sums like 102 a year from the salaries of hard-worked and under-paid clerks —[hear, hear]-and he was convinced that the colony could not afford to pay a salary of 4,ooo2. a year to the Governor The duties of the Governor were really very small. He was entirely in the hands of the Ministry, and waB not even responsible for the Acts which were passed and which he was only called upon to sanction ; and if bad legislation occurred, he could always shelter himself under the plea that he had acted with the advice of his Ministry for the time being ; so that he had absolutely no responsible duties to exercise, as he only derived his power through the Legislature, who derived their power through the people. He had not hah? the responsibility which the Chief Justice had, whose salary, by the way, he, Mr. Glyde, would be very sorry to reduce [Hear, hear.] He had been informed, he could not s&y; honr correotly, that the President of the United States received a stipend of 25,000 dollars, or about 5,0002. a year, a sum very little more than that paid by th3 humble colony of South Australia to their Chief Magistrate. Of course they had more in Victoria, but he had no wish to run the race of extravagance with the other colonies. Some persons had said that it was necessary for the Governor of the colony to keep up a certain amount of state and style, but there was no neces sity for keeping up this style. Official hospitality only oc curred once a-year, and he was not disposed to tax the whole colony that a few select persons should be entertained. He did not see how the alteration of the Civil List would affect South Australian securities in England, for though some might like to have lucrative billets to give away, the best statesman would be pleased^to see eoonomy practised iu the local Government of the colony. He would therefore support the second reading of the BilL Mr. N. BLYTH admired the good taste displayed by the member who had thus brought the subject before the Souse and the manner in which he had dealt with the question, and he agreed with him inthinkingthat the present was an extremely suitable occasionfor proposing the reduction of the Governor's salary. The term of office of the present Governor was shortly about to expire, as he had nearly finished the period during which Governors of the colony were required to hold office, namely, six years ; and consequently the reduced rate would have to be taken by his successor, and would therefore entail no injustice upon him. But he would call the atten tion of members who were opposed to the reduced list to tbe great depreciation in the value of pro perty in the colony since the schedule was framed ; that almost every person had been obliged to curtail his expenses and it was therefore reasonable that the officers of the Government should submit to a necessity under which the whole population more or less labored. Government returns showed that the population of the colony was not increasing, and it should be borne in mind that when the present Civil List was framed, there was evory prospect of an increase both of population and wealth, while the result of tbe late census had been extremely disappointing, and only showed a population of 117,000 souls, which, if the natural increase by births were to be deducted, would be found to be actually a decrease on previous years. Mr. MOORHOUSE, while agreeing with the suggestion of Mr. Glyde, would suggest thai the Qouge should bring in a Bill for the express purpose of dealing with that par ticular item, He did not wish to imperil the measure before the House. Mr. FINNISS would oppose tbe Bill, first on technical grounds, as to the correctness of which the Attorney-General could inform him. He was of opinion that the House had no power under the Constitution Act of dealing with the Civil List as proposed by the Bill, for by the Constitution Act no appropriation could be intro duced unless by message from His Excellency. The House had no more poorer to propose an alteration of the Civil List without the sanction of His Excellency, than they had to introduce a new item into the Estimates. The hon. mover of the Bill had said that the colony was not as wealthy as it was in 1855, judging by a comparison of the revenues of the two years ; bat, looking only at the revenue of those two years, he, Mr. Finniss, drew a different conclu sion, for the revenue of 1859 reached the sum of 481,24^., out of which the sum of $46,7682. was contributed from ttie Land Fund. He thought it possible, that the actual revenue from the sale of land this year would not be more than 237,0002., which sum did not include the receipts from the railway, while the revenue for 1855 was only 228,0002. The present Civil List was based on the reve nue of 1853, which was taken at 338,esi2. He thought it was undesirable to mix up the ordinary revenue of the colony together with that of the land sales, which were, to a certain extent dependent on accidental circum stances, such as the discovery of gold-fields in neighbouring colonies, which wonld have the effect of stimulating the sale of land in the colony. It had been stated that the present population amounted in number to ll7,O-.o ; but at the time when the present Civil List was prepared, the population of the colony did not number Vue.OSQ. An hon. member had citea; th- President of the United States as an analogous case, but the remuneration of that functionary was secured lor a certain number of years, during which he had absolute power. He could, im mediately on entering office, turn out every employee under* the Government, and he had besides many opportunities of enriching himself, and instances had oocurred in which that power had been exercised for such a purpose. The dimi nished cost of living had been advanced as a reason, for the reduction of the Civil List, but he, Mr. Finniss, oonld not concur with hon. members in such an opinion. The price of sheep was not lower than formerly, flour and other neces saries of life were quite as dear, and he could not discover where the diminished cost of living had occurred. He was of opinion that it would be injuring ifie oredit of the colony if it were to. be officially announced that the resources of the colony were falling away. He would oppose the second reading of the Bill, and considered that the previous Legisla ture had done wisely in fixing the Civil List in proportion to the cost of living at the highest rate. Tbe ATTORNEY-GENERAL was doubtful if it were competent for the House to adopt the amendment proposed by the bon. memher. and he would ask him to withdraw his amendment, ft was the duty of the Government to carry the measure whioh had been introduced, and he believed that they would lie able to carry it through the Legislative Council; but if any alterations, such as were proposed, were to bemaJe, the Government might be unable to carry the BilL Mr. DUFFIELD saidtbat he had been induced to alter his opinion in consequence of what had fallen from the Attorney General and other members. He thought that a separate Bill might be intro.duc.ed carrying out the principles of the present Bill, with some alterations., 'ft was undesirable that the credit of the colony should be injured by Injudicious re ductions, although he cq curred in the objects of the amend ment He would, however, oppose any alteration in the salary of the Auditor-General, who was well worthy of his pay. He hoped that the hon. member would withdraw his amendment. The TREASURER thought that any alterations such as those proposed by the hon. member for Yatala, Mr. Glyde, if introduced into the BUI, would make it unconstitutional. If the hon. member were going qu the question of the Auditor-General's salary, he, *ne Treasurer, would certainly oppose any reaubtioh in that stipend. [Hear.] He would not detain the House, but content himself with supporting the Bill. s Mr. GLYDE remarked that the Treasurer had intimated thatrthe Government were not ready to answer the question as to whether they would support in, a new Bill, the princi ple of his amendment ?, b,ut ht mugt press for an answer. Mr. FINNIS.S remarked that the proposed reduction affected only the salaries of the Ministers and not that of tue liovcrnor. T»e Ministry were only the aavisers of His Excellency, and the Bill involved a, question, of great im portance. In all such Bjlls. it was iqdis.pens.able that the consent of the Qo.verqor sUou\4 tie obtained ije was oertain that the House was, no.f competent to. deal with tbe question, as, according tq^Ue Constitution Act it would not be lawful to/pass any measure ^Sooting an alteration Iu the Civil List unless the proposed alteration were received by message from His Excellency. (Hear.) When questions were sub mitted to tbe House in reference to special appropriation it was not for the Governor to send down a special meg&age;,' and the House had not the power to strik^ off any officer from the list, unless with the gan^iciii of the Governor; Mr. MILDRED, observed that the present was an unusu ally 1 ayqmble time for effecting a reduction in the Governor's salary, r he present Governor was about to leave the polony, and would hot', therefore, be affected by the i^^ofion, whfie his successor could not possibly be go, as on, hia arrival here he 'could, h.Ojt ctornplain. of being seduoed. He, Mr. Mildred, tliouR^t \t was Qujte figh% to bugiu retrenchment at the top of' '^ije' t.pke ; ililh'Mgh no one more respected the presen ijQVC-nor.'and he thu -glit the question might be lately left In the hands of the prtsent Ministry. Mr. DUFFLELD was of opinion that the salary Of the Auditor-General should not be altered. Mr. DUTTON appealed to the Speaker as to whether the amendment of the hon. member for, tatalft could be pu to tbe House as. a constitutional amendment. The SPEAKER ruled that the amendment was not strictly in accordance with the Constitution Act Mr. MORPHBTT would like to know the Chairman's decision as to whether thejoourse taken by thehon.memberfor Tatala, Mr. Glyde, was a constitutional course; and whether the question was one which the Speaker could submit to the House. The CHAIRMAN ruled that the course taken by the hon. member tor Tatala was unconstitutional, and quoted from the Standing Orders in support of his opinion in that respect. Mr. MORPHETT again appealed to the Chair, and would like to know If in the event of the hon. member persisting in urging hia amendment tbe Speaker would put it to the House. Mr. FINNISS protested against the extraordinary course pursued by the hon. member lor West Torrens, Mr.Morphett The Chairman had already given his decision on the point and he objected to the attempt made to rush him in that way. Mr. MORPHETT altogether disclaimed any desire to show the slightest disrespect either to the Chairman or his office. He entertained the greatest respect both for the Speaker and tbe office he held. He had simply urged the point to enable him as well as other hon. members to arrive at some sort of conclusion. The CHAIRMAN reminded hon. members that his opinion was subject to that of the House, who could overrule his by then' own decision. The ATTORNEr-GENERAL considered it was not a question of order at alL It was only a question as to what course was legal and what was illegal. The question was decided in accordance with the 40th clause of the Constitu tion Act. [The hon. gentleman here quoted the clause.] No Standing Order of that House could have any effect to override an enactment of the Constitution Act Mr. MORPHETT hoped the hon. member for Yatala [Mr. Glyde] wonld not press his motion, so as to put the Com mittee into antagonism with the Chairman. He entertained a great deal too much respect for the Speaker and his office to adopt such a course. The TREASURER could not give an answer at all at pre sent. He considered the question was one In which the other members of the Ministry should be consulted, and as they were not all present it would not be right for him to give an answer on the spur of the moment. It wonld be unfair for the House to press him to give an answer at present Mr. GLYDE, seeing the ruling of the Chairman, would adopt the suggestion of the hon. member for West Torrens Mr. Morphett], and withdraw the motion, and to-morrow he would give notice that the House consider the question of presenting an-address to His Excellency, praying him to Introduce a measure to alter the future Governors salary. The question was then put and carried. Clauses 1 and 2, and the preamble and title, were then passed as printed. The House resumed ; the Chairman reported progress. The report was adopted, and the third reading made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next ABORIGINES' FRIENDS' ASSOCIATION.' The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS laid on the table a statement as to how the grant of money made to the Aborigines' Friends* Association had been expended. Received and ordered to be printed. MINERAL LEASES. In reply to Mr. TOWNSEND'S question npon this snb ect the COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS stated lat the telegram relative to the Mineral Leases, dated Malta, the 12th September, 1859 (Monday), at 10 a.m., reached the Agent- General at 11.45a.m., on the same day. CHEQUES ON BANKERS BILL. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL moved the third reading of the Bill relating to cheques and drafts on Bankers. The Bill was read a third time and passed. TRUCK BILL. On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL the con sideration of the Track Bill was made an Order of the Day for the following day. ESTIMATES. 1 The TREASURER moved that the consideration of tbe Estimates in Committee be made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. Carried. .- The House then adjourned till the following day at half-past 1 o'clock. 