PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. unOT-MENDlXG. Here's Europe hi pother, and bustle, ani bother, Kings and Kaisers, at conclave and council and plot Each crowned Boyal Brother distrusting the other, 4 tiiI jncn'&r; VnnlKTu' dintmstins tha lot. While, cause of the riot, herself calm and quiet, Italia, at length by past blunders srown wise, On her Appenines sitting is busily fitting Her boot with new welts, stouter soles, and fresh tics. Her delicate hands the fair lady commands, ' To their task unfamiliar, with earnest endeavour ; Her carving and limuing, her fiddling and hymning, She has done for herself, but her boot- nending, never. Sometimes Pope, sometimes Kaiser, sometimes King, as adviser, How her boot should be mended, she used to invite ; That it pinched her severely she felt but too clearly, 'But trusted strange cobblers to set it all right. Till, as might be expected, their botching's detected, In such a misfit that poor Italy swears She's so pinched heel and toe that, to stand or to go, Is equally torture, the boot while she wears. So though France eagerstands to take work off her hands, And Austria's young Kaiser puts in the name suit ; Says Laly, ' do— on a new tack I'll go, I know my own pinch, and I'll mend my own boot.' A SENSIBLE FELLOW. The poor tailor, who tried to cure bla wife's temper has given it up as a bad Job. He found the experl mont was not ' worth the salt.' A TBKBIFIC DESCENT. The Great Fall of Niagara— being turned into a rope-walk for M. Blondin. EETEB AND PATJI. 'What power on enrth, save Home,' frantically de mands a Roman Catholic journal, ''can confer the glorious title of Saint?' Most Roman Catholic journals are miserably ill informed, which' is of no particuVr consequence to them; inasmuch as their admirers are usually a little deeper in the misery of ig&oranc0.; But it is ttn'ortu nato for ill informed persons to risk observations in '.the presence of Mr. PuncJi. He replies to tho above demand — The British Parliament. And taking up the very first book at hand— it happens to be Captain Dod'a inestimable handbook to one'H betters— Mr. Punch cites proof. (Page 483.) ' St. Paul (2nd Baronet), Sir Horace St. Paul, Born at, &c;, &c.; The first Baronet, Sir Horace David Cholwell St. Paul was a Colonel in the army. His grandfather assumed the prefix of Saint by Act of Parliament in 1768.' Now, then, gentlemen of Over the Mountains. Yon see that a Parliament can make quite aa good a Saint as a Pope. And we doubt not that in the entries of that angelic registrar, whom the Reverend Laurence Sterne states to be in the habit of crying over hU ledger, the title conferred by the Parliament of 1768 is written out just as large as any one which has ever been conferred by any Pope, from Alexander the Sixth to Pius of Perugia. You should remember, that though you write for ignorant idiots, your writings may get into the hands of Mr.i-uncft,audthenyou come to grief. Orate pro vobis! NOT TO BE FOTTXD IS B0SWELL. 'Is it wrong. Doctor, to believe in ghosts?' 'No, Sir; no more wrong than believing in yon. It may be foolish ; but there being no substanco or foundation for the belief, the folly, Sir, is quite immaterial/1— Mr. Punch's Unpublished Anecdotes of Doctor Johnson. i. QTJEBT TOE TEE CAICUIATING MACHINE. May the person who makes one pound two a day b» said to double his capital ? XB1STL Ali OYXBl An Irish paper, describing the talking flA, says,' it is quite a rara avis.' This bull, however, comes in most happily, as it presents us with a combination that occurs but rarely, of fish, flesh, and fowl. VERT PEOPEE PRECAUTION. Mr. Tunch in informed than an action is about to be brought by Mr. John Arthur Roebnok, M.P., against one of the railway companies for declining to convey him, except in a tin bos, marked ' Dangerous.' The Companv's defence is its by law, providing against liability 'to the carriage of inflammable matter. THE SOLDIER'S CALL. It must be confessed tbat, in the way of flogging, the British army outstrips every other army in tie world. It is too bad that the British soldier, who never allows the enemy to see his back, should be called upon to ex hibit it to his own countrymen. THE CONTWDETai THAT WOS' THJ! FBIZE AT THE LAST OtBAKD BniTSGSGATE XXiOWXB SHOW. Supposing yon have got a flsh, when la it like a flower? When you have got a mignonette (him In your net). COS. SOB A COCKNEY. Why is th« extra Income-Tax like a whirlpool ?— Be- cause if s a vortex. (War-tax). THE FEEUZIED FBIEND3 ! A TALE 0? TBBEOB ! Satd Smith to Snooks, ' My Snooks, what makes you look so serious t' ? Said Snooks to Smith, ' My friend, I have silent sor row here,' giving a hig thump upon his well- filled waiscoat. 'A sorrow? and you silent ? Pooh, pooh, aon't be foolish. ' Give sorrow words : the -grief that does not speak' goes and burnt) its boiler, or does something quite as dreadful. Come, tell me whafs the matter. Say. Has Angelina flirted? Have you been and dropped your door-key ? Have you done a little bill, and bos tbe bill returned the compliment ? Has your Uncle Croo3us cut you ? Have you smashed your fa vourite cutty? Have you been drinking some Catawba? Have you got the stomach-ache? Have you ? ' 'Poace, friend, and I will tell yon,' sighed the wretoned Snooks. ' A far worse fato than these is that which hath befallen me. Knaw tbat'I this morn ing hive met the miscreant Jones, and he hath aa usun.1 atiked me a— c— co— ' ' Speak, wretched one !' gasped Smith ; ' say, was It a conundrum 2' ' Alas, yea I1' groaned the otier. ' An unutterable conundrum ; one that would have palsied any lips but Jones's ; one that like a poison-shaft still rankles in my breast, and grieves me. to the heart's core to reflect on man's depravity.' 'Out with it then, my Snooks. 'Twill ease your mind to tell it me. I am in robust health.' Ton need not fear my femUnst,' Moved by his friend's appeal, poor Snooks, in a low voice, Miade this Urritic revelation t— ' Why is the Earl of Shaftesbury not unlike Nans Sahib ? Because he U a person who is vile and tro pical.' A pause of just ten minutes and three seconds for reflection. ' Well, Where's the joke?' gasped Smith. 11 There, I knew you wouldn't see It I can't tell jokes as Jones can. Would you believe it, my dear boy, the wretch pronounced those three last words so as to sound like ' philanthropical.' ' THB HATMMONIAIi CODE. The husband reigns, but it is the wife who governs. 