VICTORIA SUFFER WO A RECOVERY." ' An immense assemblago filled tho Exhibition Building List pvcniiijj to hear Mr. M ichie's lec- ture on " Victoria Suffering a Recovery." The I Governor and , Lilly Barkly wcro present-HU | Excellency occupying the chair. Loud applauso i greeted the lrcturor on his appearance, and frequently during the course of his very talented and amusing discourse. j Mr. MIGHT K, raid,-"I wonder," said thal little French princess, on hearing of tho great distress of many of her father's subjects, " I wonder why tho paor peoplo bhould starve ; ?why don't they ett Bomo of those nice little cakes I see in tho confectioners' shop windows as we pass through the streets ? " Hore is a wonder not confined to little French princesses. Given mouths and meat, our first impression is, why not fall to ? It requires an effort of the reaion to learn wherefore there should bo any want ia the midst of »ppircnt plenty. There cannot b3 a doubt that this colony of Victoria is labouring under a severe depression at the present time, and yet it is difficult to realize that fact as wa read the journals, walk through the streets, or go into our places of publia amusement. I catch even mysolf frequently demanding of myself, " Where is this crhis wo are perpotually hearing of 1 " Theatres and concerts flourish as of old. Ko end of German bands still parado the town. About every fortieth shop is photographing all the ugly faces in the metropolis. Races, pic-nics, and excursion trains, have by no means died out. Some weeks back-I read it in The Argus-a man sold 200 canaries in a few hours at Sandhurst, at £1 each, and was so delighted at the buoyancy of the canary market in that auriferous locality, that he was coming down to Melbourno fora fresh. Supply. Even our street beggars are not as othor street beggars. As I was going into town tha Other morning, I saw one perched on tho top of a low-back car, going out apparently on an ex- cursion to Brighton ; and I have hoard that he occasionally lunches at a confectioner's. Remark- ing on this to soma one afterwards, I was informed that this same beggar came from Kew into town of a morning to business, and went away again in the evening, like other mercantile gentlemsn, comfortably and respectably on a low-backed car. Here, again, we aro reminded of Sydney Smith's celebrated' contrasts betweon this country and all others. " Set a beggar on horseback," says the old proverb, "and ho'll rido to the-," &c.; Here we can promote tho beggar even to a low backed car, and ho docs not ride to any such fearful terminus - he most judiciously goes no further than the . Chief Justice's neighbour- hood, at Kew. In short, looking morely to the sutface of sociely, nobody seems to bo " on his last logs," except Mr. G. V. Brooke, and, under the circumstances, wo cannot pity even him, Beeing hoiv ho prospers on thom. Yet a depression there must be, as every one says It may bo that it would bo considered as prosperity in England, and many other countries, Jbut it is a doprosaion in Victoria. Aro the causas thereof more obscure than tho effects are un- deniable ? Is not the body politic like the body natural? Does not tho excitement and over [trading of the past commit over-drafts on the vigour of the presont nnd future ? and doo3 not, therefore, depression follow excitement, as natu- rally as night tho day ? Is not this observable all tbo world over ? And if so, is thore anything in the social constitution of Victoria which should sive her any special immunity from such visita- tions? Surely not. So far from this, tho very vigour of a young community like this faci- litates excess, as, on the same principle, it facili- tates recovery. Moanwhilo disaster is a gre*1, soberiser. It stimulates reflection. If wo a.-o all waking up out of a wild dream to see so many properties sold for the benefit of the mortgagees, wo may at least rub our eyes, look at things, if possible, in their right proportions; consider from. what causes such effects havo accrued ; how long they aro likely to continuo ; and by what moans such effects may moat speedily bo removed. Thore is no lack of state, doctors, and tho prescriptions aro pouring in. "Restore immigration," cries one; "Crush quartz," says another ; "Put down your buggy," »rowls a third ; " Improve your mining ma ehinery," insists a fourth ; " Plant vinoyards and export colonial wine," recommends a fifth ; "Drinkit," urges a sixth; "Pass a thorough ;ood Land Bill," says a seventh ; " Protect colonial Industry," urges au eighth. And so on. Can any me of these prescriptions, or all of them put t: »ether, cure the present stagnation, or prevent the recurrence of it ? " Tho colonial situation a study," seems to be no inappropriate subject Eor a lecture whioh aims at clearing in som) degree our ideas on this, to all of us, rather important inquiry. Wo aro half a million, in a land and under a climate capable of sustaining many millions. Oar lands in the main are not all of the richest ; but pery many years must elapse before even our host ¡oils are subdued to the uses of man. It is only some seven years since Victorians were elate, intoxicated with prosperity; when sensible men and fools alike had money thrown, as it were, at their heads; and when (as is not unusual with suddenly acquired wealth) much of it went in absurdity and extravagance almost is speedily as it was acquired. The causes of his flush of excitement, of this very saturnalia of the newly-moneyed, wore even at the time obvious enough. The vast yields of our newly-discovered gold-fields had attracted scores of thousands of enterprising and energetic spirits from all parts of the world. Scarcely one of these people came here absolutely destitute. Almost all arrived vith some, and many with considerable, means. All required to be fed, clad, housed. Instanta- neously, therefore, a demand prodigiously in ex cess of the supply arose for everything necessary to the feeding, clothing, and housing of the new arrivals. To aggravate, and intensify (and hav- ng considerably the effect of prolonging) this demand, by very far the larger proportion of the labouring-men betook themselves to the gold- fields, where they continued so long as gold was to be had in almost fabulous quantities for the mere trouble of scratching it off the surface of the soil. And yet houses, and such food as could not be imported, were required, and must be had for all. The first con- equence was, that wages of all kinds of labour, killed and unskilled, rose to such a height as we now almost fear to think of. Plasterers and masons, £2 a day; carpenters, 30s. a day; com- non labourers, £1 a day. In a word the average gains at the gold-fields furnished the standard to which the rates of all other wages naturally and necessarily gravitated. The golden fund from which everybody was apparently being made rich was partly brought and partly found here. The fortunate owners of a few (in any other part of the world) wretched tenements became, as by a stroke of harlequin's wand, transformed into capitalists. Wondertul as were the prices paid to the Govern- ment for town and country allotments, still more wonderful prices were got for the same lands as they passed from hand to hand. In a few months, luring the lutter part of tho year 1832 and the .ear 1833, house-ront rose .from £150 a year ta COCO a-yeur for tenements such as any Londoner :an enjoy for £50 or £00 a-year. liny was £70 i Ion ; vegetables neither poor nor rich could in lulge in habitually, save in their dreams. Oab lüges, I believe, sometimes changed hands at itout 5d. each. Meanwhile, tho very police, tha toachoien, the grooms, lawyers' doris, ayo, and :vcn official men in large numbers, were off o'the gold-fields; and oven Sir William A'Beu tctt, the then Chief Justice (being at that time m invalid, and his coachman non es1), had for tine weeks to be wheeled to the court by his sons n n bath ¡¡ami. This was before my advont to Melbourne; but'quito'as'straugo'things took ilacoeven many weeks nftor my arrival, A onie éllow-coiinsf-1 of mino ' iii Sydnoyj Mr. John Bayley'Darvall j cimié down here ïn 1832, in con of « 'request that/ he would' fill the ,'iicancy hkely;to'oo.:ur on our bench by;roason of lie thon 'contemplated Visit .of* Chief < Justico v'Deekott to Europe.; Mr. Darvall arrived fron Sydney on a Sunday.- The hotels were all full; .fie waiters little short of -insulting to any exact ing and intolerable wretch who wore 'a black hat and did not drink a " nobbler" about every five minutes. mr. Darvall applied for a separate bedroom ; but such applications at that period tere considered as some evidence of lunacy in the persons who preferred them. Poor John Bayley j »arvall, I think I see him now-a gentlemanly I man, with a manner of blonded austerity _ and politeness, which (according to one of his oritici) made him a curious mixture of Coriolanus and Beau Brummell,-I think I seo and hear him using his powers of persuasion (which were con- s'derablo) to win that single- bedded room. What was his success? Why, we were told, and the story never was denied, that tho best terms he I could procure were, a comfortable shake-down on the top of a taproom table, between two lucky diggers ! That, or the alternativo of walking all , night about Melbourne streets-and such streets ' at that time he might choose betn oen. " The art of our necessities is strange, That can make vile things precious." Thus, in his sore extremity, philosophized poor ! KingLear; and thus probably felt poor Mr. Darvall. He took the table and the diggers ; but the next morning I myself saw him posting down this street as hard as his legs could carry him, from a farewell viBit to Vice-Royalty, back to the vessel that brought him to Melbourne. In a fow hours ho was steaming from our bay; and, I need hardly | say, he never came back. Our whole city, in short, was at thatiimeasort df fevered, drunken, qeliiious .Pandemonium.. In nothing was Mel- bourne industry then more conspicuously mani- fested than in its burglarious robberies, " stick ings-up," and shootings in every direction. When Îou dined out in those days, your host, on your leaving his house to return home, kindly placed a Colt's revolver in your hand, and suggested that you should keep tho middle of the street, and that it might not be on the whole impolitic to shoot the first gentleman you met who said, " Mate, can you tell us what's o'clock ?" - Never- theless, the greed of gain reconciled us to all these miseries, which, of course, could be but transitory.- Lodging, food, police protection, were then the altogether in- dispensable : tho high rents, high prices, and high wages, cured themselves. Capitalists concen- trated their efforts on building-market gardeners and farmers found their callings more profitable than gold-digging, until, as the new supplies of each grew up to, and at last, met the demand, prices came down almost as rapidly as they rose. Meanwhile the rich finds were becoming fewer at the gold-fields ; immigration, by reason of our disorganized condition, fell off. and in less than five years from our first gold discovery, every- thing was changed. A new Melbourne having been built, was not required to be built again. St. Kildas, Prahrans, South Yarras, and Emerald Hills, were competing for tenants ; mar- ket gardeners and farmers were competing for customers, artisans for employers, candidates for policemanships ; and rents, as well as prices, fell as rapidly as they rose. I do not say that wages fell, for a sort of imperial ukase has said wages shall not fall ; and nature is for the thousand and first time turned out of doors to come in at the window, as of old. Why do I thus run over this rapid retrospect ? Because we can hardly start fair unless we do so. It is well to take stock of our condition-to see what has been done during the last seven or eight years. The Melbourne of 1852, then but a very inferior English town, un- paved, unlighted, muddy, miserable, dangerous, has become transformed into a great city, as com- fortable, as elegant, as luxurious (it is hardly an exaggeration to say it), as any place out of Lou- don or Paris. Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Kyneton, and other places, have sprung into con- siderable townships; are lighted by gas, and are alive with the busy hum of men. A beautifully metalled road enables you now to go in eight or nine hours to Castlemaine, a journey which, in the year 1832, you could hardly achieve in less than three days, and even then, at the risk, in the winter time, of disappearing in the mud by the way. Our advance, then, is measured by the whole difference between what the colony was in the year 1852, and that which we find it at the present time; and, therefore, he must be very blind, very ignorant, or very perverse, who would aver that we have made no progress; and that, after all these years, we have nothing to show for our gold. And yet, assertions like this we do occasionally meet with among platform ora- tors and newspaper correspondents. Speaking the truth of and to what are called the working classes-as if there were here any class which does not work-is not considered by some people us the surest means of attaining to popularity. However this may be, sure I am that speaking the truth exactly as it is in a man, and as if he were speaking to his own consciousness, must in the long run meet with the approbation of the just and the sensible of all classes. Wise and moderate men will be tolerant of error ; and as to the rest, what does it matter what fools or rogues say of you ? I propose, therefore, to talk to my audience publicly, in the strictest con- fidence, about labour, wages, producers, dis- tributors, immigration, free-trade, etc. in the confidence that I shall be listened to with pa- tience, even though you should not agree with my conclusions ; as, in any event, discussion and discovery are assisted by mutual toleration. A hiss never settled any truth, nor was political economy ever advanced by cries of " Turn him out," unless tho man to be turned out was in- terrupting the speaker. As everything we eat, drink, and enjoy,-save air and those other things we got for nothing,-are the results of la- bour seconding and wielding the powers of nature the labour question is always at the base of everv discussion of this kind. Nothing is more com- mon than to hear some individual, who rises for the instruction of his fellow- creatures, cry in reference to all those persons who do not actually handle a chisel, a saw, a plough, or soma other physical tool or implement, "They are drones in the human hive, and throw all Mel- bourne's thousand merchants into Hobson's Bay, and no one would miss them ; but throw an equal number of working men into the same watery grave, and see what you shall see!" Startling this, very ; and we usually find stuck against it in the newspapers, "loud cheers " I wonder what the same enlightened cheerers would say to that ingenious man who is re- pented to have once visited the source of the River Thames, in Gloucestershire, and in an ecstatic sense of supposed mischievous power clapped his hands upon the springs, exclaiming, What will they say of this down at Wapping-?" Now, what they would say of this down at Nap- ping would be about tho measure of what this world at large would say on tho sudden depriva- tion of a few hundreds or even thousands of either her merchants or mechanics. The sun would continue to rise and set, people would go to thoir ïtork, and come home from it, and men of busi- ness would assemble in Collins-street as before Sure am I, for my own part, that merchants in the main are as useful as mechanics, and mechanics as merchants, or they would not be where they are. But the mechanic sometimes demands of the merchant, " What do you pro- duce! You are of no use at all, for vou produce nothing " Well, let us follow this a little farther. Strip that mechanic of everything he did not produce himself, and what sort of a figure would he cut? Would his own toilet be one not more complete than it was when he first came like the rest of us mowling and puling into this world, " to make his mother." as Jeremy Taylor says, " a little glad, and verv sorrowful." From head to foot is there one thread he has made himself ? How many animals have lived and died? how many voyages have been made? how many dealings and bargainings, and spinnings and weavings, and tanning and stitoh ings, and packings and unpackings, have all been done before he could be clothed? Ara not distributors, then, quite as useful and valu- able a class as those called producers ? Again go from what our mechanic wears to what he eats and drinks. What of these things has he ever produced ? Run over all the operations that must occur before he can breakfast off that cheap loaf which is brought to his table. Let him reflect upon his sugar, his tea, his coffee, his butter, his bacon, his beer, perhaps his nobbler. What an infinity of human industries have been in motion and have by some mysterious process come to- gether and converged into that breakfast whioh he devours, and thinks no more of, for a shilling. What factories are smoking, what steam-engines plying, what storms at sea bein" battled with, what aching heads over ledgers" what pryings into prices current, what watctiWs of seasons and of weather, what shipbuilding and shipwrecks, what ingenious implements in- vented, what vast successes, and as vast failures what happiness and what despair, are all cease- lessly vexing the surface of tho universal elobe in order to keep that mechanic, and all other wearers of clothes and eaters of breakfasts supplied with the necessaries of life, from day to day? Again, turn from our bodily to our intel- lectual wants. Man cannot live by bread alone; the diviner part of him needs other aliment. A penny loaf may suffice for his breakfast; but libraries are not more than sufficient to feed his curiosity, and his appetite for inquiry, and speculation, and discussion. Think then of the thousand and tens of thousands of authors, from Homer down to Martin Tupper of copiers', and printers, and papermakers, and booksellers, and newspaper men of all grades and forms of industry^ physical and intellectual kept ceaselessly at work to feed tho insatiable brain of man; and, as tho result of all these labours, you get a classic for a shilling and The Times newspaper- that "history of the world for one day"-f0r fivepence, and the Se Kilda Chronicle for nothing-for 'they always send me tho paper, but never call for the sub scription! Miracles are extinct, but these results bear the closest resemblance to a miracle. Thev aro. simply tho highest developments of the division 'of labour. Thooprmosite ponint to this extremest application of the division of labour principle is exhibited in the situa tion of Robinson Crusoe upon his uninhabited island'. Our working man' with "? 40s- « 50s. "a 5*1 \ ¥. many ïe?peot8 richer tom Julius «>Zll m hV imP°naJ Purple. A man can chip tXe?'?r.tplano wood> a HSb^S» neXf,,Str!»et' ?Dd- command the ia dustryof tho world. For bim, as for every oa* vthose labour can bring money, tho sun is ever, I shining, the fruits ever growing, the nations ever ' toiling. He holds up a magie piece of gold, or a ' bit of particularly tliity paper, and the world' rushes towards lum with her choicest treasures. . Is it better to bo this man, or to be compelled,* like Robinson Crusoe, to product) with difficulty what others can buy with ease ? A sufficiently absurd question surely upon the face of it, a-.il jet it is a question protectionists ought to con- sider with respect. Per the thing called proteo- | tion must always in its very naturo be an approxi- mation more or less to the condition of Robinson Crusoe. Protection, by a plainer and more descrip- tive name, is compelling A to buy something of B, at a higher price than that for which C can nnd will sell the same article. B calls it protec- tion. A calls it robbery. B calls it protection, because, ho says, if you expose him to the com petition of C, he (B) can't live by his business. A calls it robbery, because you force from his pocket, for the benefit of B, the difference be- tween the price at whioh he (A) care buy of C, and tho fprico at which he (A) must buy of B. Transpose the position of A and 0 respectively, and each will then call the thing by the nami which tho other now applies to it. Thero never was a colony less oxposed to foreign competition, more thoroughly enjoying pro- I tection, than that of which Robinson Cru- soe was the governor, and his man Friday the govorned. And what was the state of their pastoral, agricultural, and manufacturing in- terests ? Look at Robinson Crusoe's trousers and cap in the old woodcuts ; then turn to some of our colonists rigged in slop3 from top to toa. Why, Robinson Crusoe in all his glory was not arrayed as one of theso I And yet our slop dressed colonist-see tho evidence and roport of the late committee on tho tariff question - goes straight from a furious speech in favour of protection to native industry, and invests his 8s. or 10s. in a pair of imported moleskins. In short, he thinks it perfectly proper that every- body olso should protect nativo industry, but he feels no particular necessity for protect ing it himself. Hence practice contradicts pro- fession, and the truths of political economy broa'c through oaut. It comes round to this wonderful final result, that any and every man who can work at anything for which society has a demand -and any and every man who has either saved for himself, or who has succeeded to the saving« or possessions of another-has got a certain corresponding power over all tho other in- dustries and stored labour (called property) of tho rest. of the world ; and tho world ii all the wiser, the richer, and better, by each man just working, when, where, and how hi can, and exchanging the fruits of his labour as and where he thinks best. " Protection," as it appears to me, is merely another name for ob- taining money under false pretencís by aot of Parliament To hear some protectionists talk, one would think that nobody of any cousequonoo lived in this colony on the import trade. I siy nothing hore for the merchants, because they are to be thrown into Hobson's Bay ; but how about the shopkeepers, tho porters, tho draymonj the innumerable mechanics connected with the ship . ping interest, the clerks, the domestic servants ? Aro they all to become shoemakers, tailors, coachmakors, cabinetmakers, &c;, to show us how they " can't do it " at any price others can afford to pay ? These are' to the initiated but trite con- siderations; yet they aro by many every day either forgotten or ignored. Tho only protexo for a ¡return to anything like protection is the oft-quotod exceptional caso admitted by_ John Stuart Mill, viz.-where young countries, as fitted as oidor countries for particular manufac- tures, aro desirous of recovering tho start thoäe old countries have obtained, and try lo recover this start by impoüing duties upon the foreign product. Even ht'ie, the exception admits, if it does not prove the rule ; for tho protection is to bo but temporary, and to ceaso when tho older country is overtaken. If the older country cannot bu overtaken, then the protection is mis- chievous, as being first a throwing away of a cer- tain portion of the industry of the vainly compet- ing country. Even Mr. Mill, howcver,_in the very passage of tho work alluded to, seemi to forget that in aew countries soma i protection already exists in tho very nature of thing«, in tho cost of freight, expenses, Sec., of tho imported commodity to the new country. Atainbt Mr. John Stuart Mill, on this point, might bo quoted his equally celebrated father, James Mill, who never admitted such an excep- tion at all. As for the common talk on this point, I suspect many attendants at meetings hardly know what protection means. " Protec- tion to native industry" has a sentimental sound about it. We all liku to bo taken care of, and the expression savours of that, so that you have only to start tho word " protection" at soma iiHLitiigs, and you citch a large portion of the uuelionuo at once, w ho aro for protecting every- thing and everybody, cvon to the "unprotoctel female" made linmorlal by Punch. But to com3 from the sentimental lo tbo abstract, to the con- crete, are they for giving 35s. apair for Melbourne made shoes, inforioi to "the best imported at£l? Protection, to be worth the name, must come to homething like that, or it is no protection at all. Now, who are those who so loudly demand this protection ? Skilled mechanics : a very valuablo class in any community, it cannot bo donied. They cannot, or will not, dig for gold ; they can- not turn to tilingo ; tliey aro unable lo offer any- thing to society as tim purchasing power of tho necehsaries of hfo, wive their skilled labour. Tho farmer, getting only £6 or £7 for a ton of hay, says to tlie shoemaker, " I could not, even if I voukl, give you 33J. for a pair of colonial-mado shoes when I can get a pair from Paris or North- ampton at 20s." The shoemaker must either undersell tho impoiter, or turn to som3 thing else, or loave the colony. Porhapi he takes tho last course, in whioh caso a good artizan, is lobt to our society. Still, is this, or iiuy number of such instances as this, suffi- cient ground for our abandoning the prin- ciples of free trado as at present prevail- ing in the Aus'ral inn colonies? Aro all boot wearers in tho colony to pay this 40s. as tho price of keeping the superfluous bootmakers here? Yes, says the bootmaker- No, says the boot-wearer. On whioh side lies the pros- perity of the general colony ? Endeavouring to ascertain this, let us try the matter a i littlo farther. _ Imagine general protection to I shoemakers, tailors, coachmakers, even farmers, and all in like coso with tho instance put of the immigrant shoemaker. At once the cost of living would, to tho whola of us, bo increased by some 100 or 150 per cent., so far as such cost related to tho taxed or the protected articles. Whence is this increased price to como? From the gold- diggor? Can wo expect it ? Ho gets, and can only get, the market price of tho world for his gold, but ho would have to exchango tho fruits of his labour, not at tho market price of the world, but at the artificially raised market- price cf the colony of Victoria, for his boots, clothes, tools, &c.; The storekeeper, tho professional man, the agriculturist, tho sheop farmer, the official man, would be in the same position. What viould be the first aud immediate consequence of the chango? A vast number of miners would at onco be thrown out of employment, for already, as wo are told, they aro only making on an average wages sufficient to support them at their work. If the enhanced prico were paid at all, it would only Le by miners working harder, and procuring moro gold. But, if the miner could not pay, he muît leave the colouy or turn to somothing elso. If the official man, the storekeeper, the agri- culturist cannot pay-they must all either leave the colony or turn to something else. Mnny, in this turning to something else, would, of course, turn to tho_ protected trades. This would increase competition among them, and in time reduce tho prices of their goods, but not to the import pi ices without duty, or in such case the protection would be superfluous. Meanwhile, it seems certain that a lar_;e number of people, especially from among those belonging to the unprotected trades, would bj obliged to leavo tho colony, unable to subsist here. Industry of one kind would thus be foroad into artificial channels, whilst industry of another kind would be forced out of the colony,altogether. These seem to bo inevitable evils, and thoy aro' of a verj; grave character, for labour, Uko water,' left to itself, finds its level, and any artificial dammiug up of it iu any country, new or old, only prevents it from going where) tho common wants could employ it to tho greatest advan- tage. Under either set of conditions, there- fore-viz., under those of free trado, as under thoso of protection-a certain number of per. sons aro always leaving, and will always leave every country, for want of employment fitted to their powers. England, we are often told, has fought hor way to pre-eminence among the nations, under n. system of protection. Partly true. And Mr. Thomas Sayers, the other day, disabled of his" right arm, fought for two hours veiy gallantly with lils left, and really might have beaten Mr. Heonan had the affair gone on.¡ And, thercforo, lot every nation that would thrash its Hecnan, begin by crippling commerce of its right arm, which is liberty. But we should .keep the money in the country, wo are told. Why keep tho money in the country ? As if money wera of any use at all, except as an instrument of exchange. But that the .depression we complain of cannot arise from our sending money out of the country for goods, is seen in this-that, money is still rapidly accumulating in tho banks. Curious contradic- tion,!-deposits lying in banks, unused by the 'depositors, and yet an universal outcry of the scarcity of money, and an 'almost stagnation of those building and othor operations which can only bo carried on with money. Well, a] very littlo obbeivation,'and reflection upon things in general, will soon olear up this apparent contra- diction. In tho first place, immijjration'h'as al 'niost ceased. , No great demand, therefore, now exists for houses. I mentioned, a while ago, that hcuse-rent had fallen several hundred per cent. IJouses.which, in cveiypartof Mclbourno and tho suburbs; Wcro in 1834 let'at "£500 and £600 a 3 ear each, may now bo had for £100 or £120. Very respeotable cottages, suoh as we usually find,'in tho occupation of artisans and others of the community called labouring classes, aro easily procurable at £20 or £25 a year. What induce- ment, then, have capitalists to build if they ovi only build at such cost as to exclude anything like the possibility of their obtaining interest upon their outlay ? Capitalists in these colonies, we all know, look for and usually obtain 10 p3r cent, for their money. But a great Melbouraa 'capitalist, one who has perhaps expende'i its much money among the building trades as any man in Victoria, told me the other day that he cannot build now-look'mç at wages in the ono direction, and at roduosd rentals in the other-so as to secure 5 per cent, for his money, even were houses to remiiti 'continuously tenanted, and though they were never to require reparation. The consequenoe of this is, that no one now builds who can avoid it. Nor, as I conceive, would even the lowering of wages produce in itself more than a temporary alleviation of this state of things. Any impulse which reduced wages could communicate te» building would be merely transitory. In a, population so slowly increasing as ours at present, the supply of house accommodation hoon overtakes the demand, and when that point; is attained expect to hear cries of depression of the building trades. But when that depression comes, in other words, when society has got al ? much house accommodation as it wants, I appre- hend that,unless nature's laws are tobe reversed, unless she is to contradict herself for ths special benefit of the suffering handicrafts, wag is must fall. Remember, I am no advocate for io v wages ; I merely give simple and articulate ex -pression to nature's silent and inexorable opera- tions. I would far soonor seo wages very ni.rh. than very low ; for I am certain it would be far better for me, even selfishly considered. But how can I, how can any ordinarily reflecting min, walk about the streets of Melbourne, and .fail 'to see that wages must come down, together with rentals and profits, andu'in- come generally. Ponder upon the announoe ment of that restaurant-keeper in Swanston street, whose attractive board I pass almo it every morning-I do not give his name, lest it should be supposed that I wish to push that gentleman's trado at the expense of the many other similar establishments in the city equally good, and equally cheap- ponder, I say, on thi* board on which the proprietor sets forth that you . can have a plate of meat and vegetables, and another of pudding, all for one shilling. Nota, bene-no extra charge for change of plate ! How can we get that excellent and substantial dinner for a shilling, .but that all the articles of whioh it >.-> composed are at such a price that the restaurant keeper can carry on his business on these torms, «ind yet get a living profit by his trade? Follow up his business into the related industries with which he deals ; consider his now re- duced (perhaps not sufficiently reduced) rent, his cheap apparel, his cheap vegetables, his not i ery dear (although, in a country Tike this, not yet sufficiently cheap) beef and mutton ; consider all these cheap things-these cheap results of colo- nial industry for the last seven or eight years - nnd then tell me whence is this restaurant keeper, and the people with whom he deals, market-gardeners and others, whence are they to get the money with which to pay labour-"l63.'a day, and nothing less?" You cannot get blood out .of a stone ; you will not find capitalists' undertaking any enterprize by which they are tor lose, and not to gain. All interests, therefore, "both of capital and labour, depending inter- changeably upon each other, will always oorreot and adjust each other, i Strikes, therefore, must almost always be either superfluous or unavailing -superfluous where, as in 1854, masons got 30 j. .a da^, because society couldn't get such labour at that timo for less ; unavailing now, heoausa tociety is not particularly in want of such, labour, even at a third of the former price« Nor is ' tho reduction of wages an unmixed evil-if evil at all- to the mason himself. Se can command almost as many of the ne- cessaries and luxuries of life now with 10 or 12 shillings a day as formerly he could, command, with the larger sum; and he pos- sesses this .equally largo command, with the -apparently smaller means, simply because every- body else is obliged to submit to a smallec money compensation for the goods in which he deals. How, then, can any particular trades- man, who thinks at all, expect to benefit by reduced prices, and yet escape himself? To» expect such things is to expect incongruities, self-contradictions, impossibilities. It is to ex peet other men to work for us without our work- ing for them. It is to demand that something shall come out of nothing-that wages shall bet paid, which no returns can produce ; and if all sections of workers demanded the same thing as ¡«gainst each other, society would be little better than a large lunatic asylum, where each re- sident fancies every body else mad but him- self. What, then, is to bo done under ths39 unpleasant circumstances? Well, I oonceiva things must be left, in a large measure, to« tboso internal sources of healing-the vis ms dicatrix natural-which society contains within itself. Depression precedes prosperity, and prosperity provokes speculation, and speculation jads about again to depression, with as regular- an alternative as day and night, and night and morning Such a state of things is not peculiar to Australia. It is the same in England-it is the same in America-it is the same in all great com- mercial countries. Talk to people who lived in the United States in tho year 1838, and they will tell you that, when selling off their goods and chattels at that time, prices were little more than nominal, for want of money. Lists of " wild cat' banks were kept handy in every store and count ing-house, that men might judge as safely as possible whose paper money to take and whose to reject. That was a collapse, following im- mediately upon previous univorsal speculations' upon credits, just of the very same character aï that wo aro suffering under at the present time. The fever and ague of trade seems to be the Fame all over the world. Can nothing, then, bei done for the patient? Has the politico-econo- mical pharmacopoeia no medicine for so stubborn and prolonged a complaint? Yes. Art and treatment may do something- perhaps much, but certainly not all. We can second nature, not control her. What, then, is to be done? AVhy, cries everyone,. "Give everybody something more to do 1' '_," Find us fresh customers.!" cry all, from tha shopkeeper, listless, and almost hopeless, over his wares, to the artificer, whose tools are idle in his basket. Fresh customers ! Most willingly, but where are they to come from ? From natural in- crease of our present population? Hardly so. Read the Rev. Mr. Malthus's book on the principle of population—the book of a very wise, a very amiable, a very much abused, and cer- tainly not a too well understood man. He will show you that, under the most favourable cir cumstances, you may double your population, from within, in some 15 or 20 years. Will you wait so long for your new customers ? Where shall they come from then but from across the seas ? What ! Immigration ? Ay, Immigration ? What ! import fresh labour at tho cost of the pre« sent labourers, to contend with these latter ? Here is a question which, I observe, easily brings down a cheer at many public meetings; and, for certain, I am not going to treat with any light spirit of ridicule, or with any other than very serious and respectful consideration, those cheers. Say they are not the cheers of that enlightened,-are those workmen the only people« who have not been sound political economists in 'matters touching their own labour? Have British, merchants, and manufacturers, and statesmen, never been at fault on such subjects as free trade, and international tariffs, and employment of ma- chinery ? And cannot we be reasonably considerate) to these cheers, when we reflect upon the indis-, putable fact that a working-man's labour is of as much importance to him as is a nobleman's estate to the nobleman? Each has but his present means of livelihood, and each may surely be allowed to feel deeply, and express himself strongly, on any proposition the effect of which: may be to bring him (as he thinks) nearer to starvation. Well, then, I am not in the least put out by the anti-immigration cheers. I ask only for a hearing. I piotest that if tha cheerers can confute me, I shall be as well pleased as if they were to admit that I had convinced them ; for, as I have said, my only object is truth. We como back, then, to that word immigration. Are we to raise from thor working-man taxes wherewith to introducá competitors with the working-man's labour?. That is tho shape in which the question is* usually put. I answer, "No." But is tint tho fair way of putting the question? Does no f aUacy lurk in tho promues ? Is nothing , assumed which ought not to be assumed J Tax the working-man, to find competition with himself ! Is it a tax ? H I pay a £100 for ' a hundred acres of land, how is that a tax upon: the working-man? The payment for that land docs not come out of his pocket, but out of tha , , pocket of the purchaser. The more land yo« sell, tho more you increase the demand for labour. And if you are artificially to increase the demand for labour, why not with tho very same funda with which you havo increased tho demand for it, also increase the supply? Tbo whole procesar being an artificial one, what does the working man propose to _ do with the proceeds of tha land sales, assuming that no portion thereof is. to bo devoted to immigration? "Oh, put it into public works," says he ; " find us some- thing lo do." Ay, but then wo havo to hear tho other side. Wo turn to tho land pur- chaser. Wo say to him, " What do you say to* the publia works nostrum ?" " Well," he says, " why am I to buy land, and pay for it, in order that this colony is to bo kept as a preserve for the annual erection and construction of publia works, more especially now that thero is almost jno publio to call for any additional works of tha sort?" It seems to mo, then, to come baok to , this, that if I buy merely a £100 worth of, tha ' public estato, the publio have a right to expand that '£100 as thoy please. If thoy import four oc five artizan«, or agricultural labourers, with tha money, does it necessarily follow that those la- bourers on their arrival in the colony enter into injurious competition with the labourers already, here? Surely no, although frequently .the labouring-classes seem to have arrived at different conclusions. They forget that every man is a consumer, as well as a producer ; that eveiy man in proportion to his command over the industry of all other workers, is a customer of .those other workers. The newly-arrived miner mason, or shoemaker, may seem to be moro or less a fresh candidate for those fields of exer- tion theretofore the monopoly of the men already assembled on them, but, in fact he benefits others as much as himsolf. He ¿uva -theirJabour w.th bis-they sell their labour for bis-each enhances the comforts of tho others, and that which seem., at a first glano« to be competition, is, in fact, co-operation, when more attentively regarded. 'Let any man cast ibaok his memory along the last nine years? Has he eyer known low wages during a poriod of or! tensive imm.gratipn ? Were wafes evcHo _?__ m this colony as during the years' 1^2,1853, and !*w'*"A,id *?*. w.aa ik not dtmng those years .that the immigration tide was running most strongly towards these shores? Grnntld H?_f .the gold-fields took much of this labour feUhe ^am cause of wages keeping up layin'tCfaot that, whether working on the gold-fieldíi on farms, or. in houses, the importation of fflrers T^-f? "aPortati°A°f too demand forlabourt .capital, the savings of labour, grew with that Í^,U^.th,fi,CapÍt,al' os fiesh ,abour continued to pour into the colony, of course employed more labour, and sp, each producing and promoting the other, the colony advanced in prosperity. linmi f ration has stopped ; tho working-men are now roed from ínipoi ted competition : and yet hava -there ever boen such lusty cries of want of work aw now? Surely those things cannot be without their own significance for all! From the above observations it will be apparent enough I think that our. circumstances now call for a resumption ot immigration; not paid forby the workinJ man, but paid for by capital. _f there be na "SSffrS !& tb°fVe °?nc!us.i0M. it seems clear that the effect of assisted immigration is this -that we sell our land, and willi the prooeèds buy customers of, as well as competitors w°th . the working-man and, judginc bv result» .,,»ii are. the muterions ¿ul Si^dÄ^ division of labour, that the new arrival Kore .valuable as a customer, to those already arrived itíian he is injurious to them as a eomnArH-nï' , And I am glad that this is so. It tekT&A; rag of an excuse from men who, having got to .this colony, would shut tho door in the face of .those suffering millions who are struggling0^ . the direst forms of poverty at home. The inex- orable law by which, in atf countries, popuS -must at some t.mo or other press Von subs st .-nee compels colonization ; and is lhere Zy ^selfishness more dopraved or inhuman than th« i TVbioh wnnlr) nntifína -.n*. *"n_ i -whioh would contine our fellow creatures in a . position of pain and struggle from which we havo thought fit to escapo ourselves? But is there nothing more to ba done than to reston immigration ? Yes, certainly. Of what usa -will immigration bo if, as hitherto, it flows through this colony as water through a sieve? We 'must, if possible, fix people here when w^ get them. Tho great earth-hunger of man, ae some German writer has called it, must b> . satisfied. In plain English, all the faoilitiaj . legislation can provide should bo furnished for ' enabling every man to till the soil who desiroî .to do so. But he may ruin himself ! Let him. ? JFree-trade in ruin as in everything else. .Doubtless men sometimes, nay very frequently \- if you like, orr in the choice of a profession. . But it is certain, as a general rule, tho State .'cannot (even if it were a function of the State, which it is not) take better care of men . than men can take care of themselves. Let ' every man, then, who likes it, go into farm ? ing at once. Put things at tho worst, and J suppose your farmer does become insolvent, . ruiol insolvency is pleasanter than Little Bourke street insolvency. A man never seems to me s ) . happy as when surrounded by his staoks, his pigs, \- hiskine, his growing crops, his children tumbling amidst the straw, or laughing among the vines. ¡ If lhere be perfect and serene enjoyment, surely . it is here. All farm scenes equally conduce tí t happiness and peace of mind ; and, there \- foio, no wonder that the majority of immi . grants-harbour the notion of at some time « or-J other going upon the land. This earth \- hunger all thoughtful statesmen, as I think, ?will, 'in new countries, wisely satisfy; an I . do iiot fear that free society will incur more evils ..in this direction of human industry than free \- 'society can conect and cure; especially now thai \--the last great discoveries of Stuart have practi r «cally enlarged the habitable globe, by adding to ? it^ a'fair and green central land, whioh so lately wo had condemned as an arid desert. Do not te alarmed. I nm not going to talk Land Bill, any fnrlher than it immediately bears upon my \- laigcr subject. We have all been pretty well ?> boreel to death irith the ceaseless babblement «- »Lout "lot," and "limited auction," and un 1 limited desire to settle the poor man on . tho lands. I know it has pretty nearly settled . ano in the land. Fearful, however, as this >' subject has now become, I desire to remark .I «ron what appeals to me to be one or two errors. l'ïîtose who talk about getting the utmost for tho ' public estato, as it is called, seem to assume that . tho btnte, in selling land, ii) to bo regarded merely '? as you regard a private vendor. If you do this, titi ely you confound two essentially different ' ' things. The object of the state is to settle the 1 country ; the object of the private vendor is to '? get ns much for his land as possible. Tho end which \- the private vendor has, constitutes merely the ; means with w hieb, the state works towards a further cudi But why, it lias been said, should the state be deprived of that difference which A may 1 ' make by reselling to B, and which difference the »tate mi»ht have made in the first instance, .Jhf«<l the land been sold by open competition? Is j it unreasonable to answer that the state is not a 1 . lantljobber? that it finds its account as much, or moro, in getting people on the land as in getting ' money for the land in tho first instance ? that the " 8'nie, having discharged its duty as a vendor, ' commonces another function as a tax-gatherer 1 "'your cultivator becoming at once a consumer of ' 'some or all of those dutiable goods which yield '? the'great bulk of our large revenue? The coun . ti y becomes opened up ; roads and bridge) .' ai e formed and built ; the wilderness is sub ' ditoii to the uses of man; the colony <\- ¡7roi«s. Then, just as the blood circulates . tbrf.uith the human frame, labour, unimpeded 1 on any side, flows in every direction throughout *? tho length and breadth of the land, instead of ' being dammed up and confined, as too frequently *'' it now is, in littlo local congestions-over-supply f in one spot, mid deficiency of hands in another, . at one and the same time. Look, again, at the . sreondary evil consequences of doling out land .' sere-wed up to tho highest price for agriculture. ' and granting principalities at a merely nominal rent for pasturage. You offend that abstract ' smse of justice which, more or less, is found ' among all men ; you force upon us the conviction ' thtit there is a privileged and petted class arnon r tis. Impatient people ask, why should a shoep " farmer enjoy miles upon miles of land, at littlo ' mQio than anominal rent, whilst the agriculturist: . c'ivmot holdtho smallestfarm upon any such terms ? « ' I'li ave no desiro to stir up class against class, but *' .whilst such a state of things as this exists.no ' Convention, no Eastern Market is required to . . effect such an i object-jealousy and antagonism Ll grow anti strengthen of themselves. It has been ' ire'quontly supposedf and at times with some ap ''' pearanco of foundation for tho supposition, that .'?' it is of the essence of the democratic spirit in « ' this country, as in others, to hate wealth, and to «° pull down tíapital into the dust. Sometimes, ** perhaps, this low and unworthy spirit may be '. - mot with ; but is it not equally probable that this '? supposed hatred is frequently rather apparent T " than realîandis there not, at the least, something l* curiously anomalous in men hating what they ara -'' every hour striving to become-namely, rich men, [" However this may be, I must yet admit, looking ?>' dispassionately at the subject, that if the squat " tors have evinced some selfishness on the ono \-- band, squatters' opponents have sometimes oxhi *' bitod unreason on the other. After all, it is .' merely human that men who aro, as they profess 1 to believe, lawfully entitled to great advantages, .' should desire to retain them ; but it is also natu *?. ral, as well as just, that the publio should desire v ' to make the squatter pay a just rent for the lands ' " ho enjoys. Cannot both these objects be achieved ' ' without oppression, illegality, or injustice in any ' direction ? I think they can ; and I think also '. these objects can be achieved with vattadvantage to the general productiveness and prosperity of ' tho whole country. This is a subject not to be settled by the extremely short and noat presorip ? tion sometimes proposod to us of "driving the '. squatters across the Murray." "Driving tho u squatters across the Murray " might be dnving " ' our dinners across the Murray, and. put f in that shape, requires to be reconsidered. *-'**Ono vast evil connected with this interest at ""'present stares us in the face. From tho unoer '[ tain ty of the squatting tenure, all the runs :" throughout the country necessarily remain in an 1 ' unimproved state. Avho will trouble himself to 1 ' dig wells, construct reservoirs for water, or even « 'be at tho expenso of making two blades of grass ' grow where one grew before, unless ho has a . reasonable assurance that ho Bhall reap where he ' has sown? Whilst tho squatter is liable to bs '" turned out at a moment's notice, without com " pen saturn for improvements, he has of course no ' ' motive to improve, and, _ consequently, a groat pai t of Australia is, in a mitigated form, in much the same situation as was Ireland, between mort- gagors and mortgagees, before tho passing of the Encumbered Estates Act. The land at horns had ceased to be the property of the mortgagor, ' ' ' and he was consequently indifferent and without hope. The land had not become absolutely the . 'mortgagee's, and therefore he had not tho deep in ' terestinthepropertyweobserveinordmaryowners. ' ' Tliu problem therefore was, to educe out of this j ' 'chun» of split up interests and iudifforentisms tho [ 1 - beneficial management of the land by thoso of. "whom it should be the exclusive property. That problem was solved successfully by that most practical, as well as scientific statesman, Sir * Robert Pee). Surely there are no specialties ia . our capo which make it a moro embarrassing om ' th.in the Irish difficulty. Apart from faction, jealousy, and wrong-hcadedncss, the rationalo of tho matter seems to lie in a nutshell. I pre- sume very few persons who really havo any practical acquaintance with this country, will dispute that many of these lands aro only fit for pastoral purposes. Nature has passed an eternal sentence of sterility upon them. Aro these lands not to be turned to the best ac- count ? Can they be turned to the best account, unless you give individuals an exclusive interest in them ? Can yoti give this interest effectually, ur.le'Fsj'Ou say that whatsoever the squatter lays out on his squattage, shall be secured to himself, ai you protect any other person in tho onjoy m nt of tho fruits of his industry ? Can you thui bccuro the squatter, unless you bay he shall enjoy his le..io, or compensation in some shape, if he be deprived of it ? No. I say then, that in the , ft turo administration of these merely pastoral , 1 nuis-whether they bounder the state or under nu al municipalities- that at the same time you , s cure to the public au adequate rental, and the ; ii ht of re-entry at any ii me on equitable terms ¡ f. r »¡.le, you must secure to the sheep farmer, | n< he will then be called (a new nomenclature ? ri.rukii.g tho new era),tho thing, orits equivalent, i f. i which ho his bargained, and thenceforth s u.iUcrandanti- iquatterheartburningswilleease; p --toial lands will be improved like other lands, their kases assigualib likei other leases, artesian , m Us would ha sunk, aitificial grasse-- Uid down, i }. ildocks fenced in, reservoirs formed, home tteads established, a v.ntly additional demand for labour would spimg up tîno'ighottt all these gi ..zing farms in connexion with the improve- i nu nts going on in them, ami lu-of and mutton, as in the olden time of tho colony, would again hi 31\. a pound to a'l of us. Sooner or later, such liTiis would have to be thus dealt with had , Kpiatters and Orders iuCouncil never been hoard ot. It is simply a question of turning your pro- i pirly to the best account. Under the present ' no-syMem the squatter is the only party who Vrolits by it. He gains exactly what the public Jfif.es. What is that? The differenco between the nominal rent ho pays and the fair and sub ttiiiiti ii rent he ought to pay, and which (as he " ' ' "bio . suis) lie ii, under an equitable system, willing to pay. Sixteen thoustnd sheep, with run on the Murray, lately cost £24,900. This is at the rate of 31B. a head. For any oxcess or deficiency in number delivered, allowance, at the rate of 12s. a head was to be made by either side to the o'her. The differenco, therefore, between the 12-i. and the 31s. respectively, represents the ti hie of the rum, as .settled in tlio sincerest "limner between the vendor a-ul the vendee,'and an ounting to something abovo C15,000. Now, I vnuld notr.ick-rent the squatter with a 10 per cei.t. rental on the above amount; but,'some- thing i e.i«onable, let us say, on the grazing capx bilitic- of each run. Let us never be oppressive ; but, bo uing in mind old Isaa'o Wah on H recoin nviidt-tiortof tenderness even to the worm, let us put the hook into the squatter " as if we lo\ed him." But I sometimes read in tho jour nuis reports of publie mooting speeohoR, from which I gather that the Legislature dare not meddlo with the squatters, for that the banks ht.ve pot them, and that the banks are all power- ful. This is startling, and, moreover, ratlior in censistont with oiherand just-referred-to descrip- tions of squatters by the Bame denouncers. Olio while, the Equatter, wilh greedy maw, is swallowing everybody else; at another mo mint, the squatter is being swallowed-him- self, n fat and Bleek deer, gradually going dewn the capacious throat of a banking boa constrictor ; so that, upon this pleasant theory, ti.ero would appear to be but "one way"for ui all. Awed, then, by these awful banks, and ullaring oniy the common reverence for plate gl.ibs, und bplendid mahogany, and brass rails, ai d the mysteries of the parlour, does my friend, ti f refore, who the other day said to me, in t¿ucon-8treet, "I hopo, in ¡hat lecture of yours, jiu are going to touch up the banks," th»nk that I am going lo do or attempt au} thing of the kind ? What would the banks cure for my touching up-they who can touoh up everybo-iy ? Besides, who so presumptuous a* to fciy that he really knows anything distin"t about those groat, sublimo, moneyed mystoneä ? Who, iiavo Joseph Macanly, who offers himso'f a- a special Providence to take caro of every- body's money, from JE1 upwards-who save he k ows anything about these greatly reverence! establishments? Who but Joseph knows any- thing about their assets, their liabilities, their plutus, out of what capit'il made, by what pro cite business, and under what circumstances ? Why am I to be called upon to show ray ignorance as to the manner or dottree in which tho interests of tho colony are affected by these full moons, v I ich some superstitious people regard as influ euong all the moneyed tides in tho affairs of men 1 Why should I vainly attempt to understand how p e.plo eau discount at 10 per cent., and divide 20 p' r cent.-dividends? I may have dim visions of o^ » rtr.tdiug, and so on ; but I fly the subject, a¡ J leave it to the next edition of Joseph î'acanly's pamphlet. Yet, even in flying the si.bject, may I not ask why th»t million's wonh ol debentures of the Melbourne issue has not yet B'-rn the light, according to the act in that ca e ni-'deand provided?. Of a verity, many a poor Ecriant and small capitalist would bo glad to buy a ¿30, or _50, or £100 debenture, carrying every hour on its buck 6 per cent, interest, rather than holding a bank noto of the same amount, bearing no interest at all. And this brings mo to a subje-t to which the Legislatuie it-clf at sonio time may c me-I mean to the consideration of founding in ti is colony a truly national bank, where the s-nte will be, as it ought to be, the only maker ot i apcr money among us, as a legal tender ; v lim the stato will havo, as it ought to have, the vitólo profit derivable from any credit that state ii'ny have in the world ; when that very profit miy b" turned into tho means of payiDg the interos', o', our debentures, or into public works, rathsr t) an being loft to any number of people who cl'ooso to join together, subscribo their deposits, apply for an act, call themselves a bank, and forth- with commence the Royal prerogative of making monry. The I laines-cttm-Childers Ministry pro po-cd Buch a measure as a national bank (now some five years back). The Haines Ministry i «mt out; Mr. Childers went home; and ths iib'a became smothered in the 'land question. li.it tho idea is not dead. Look into Mr. Rieardo's Works, and you will find ably and dii t uctly sketched his idea of a national bank, in ?which tho stato should have the profit of the banking operations. Such an establishment, I have been informed, onco existed in New Z ac- land, and was only discontinued-so I havo bee a told by experienced Now Zealand settlers-bs c-iuse the revenue and the transactions were not 1 ii no enough to make it worth while to continue the institution. With a revenue like ours, however, oi" £3.000,000 a-year, with deposits like ours of £'!i,000,000 a-yoar, it scorns scarcely necessary that wc should henceforth be dependent on Bai- li ih capitalists, working in large measure with, colonial moneys. I havo revived the idea ; lot others work it out to practical issues. Time ailmonishes me that I must hasten to a close. IJavo I said all that I havo to say about the de- pression? Well, nearly, but not quite. It seo«» to me that great public disasters frequently con- tain the seeds of.still greater public benefits, and that even depressions, crises, and commercial re \ ulbions have their uses. They set men thinking, Cevising, casting about for modes of escape ; to giving practical effect to new and valuablo thoughts; to developing resources of the colony, the thought of which may not have occurred to prosperous, and contented, and uuinquirini minds. " Sweet are the uses of adversity." Now that we have millions of shoop in the colony, no one thinks of bestowing any speoial glory on old John Macarthur for first introducing the merino sheep ; and yet ho was an original man, a genius, a brave, self-dependent man in his way. His son, too, the major-general, whj has so lately left us, what has he not done for our wine trade ? Many, years ago, ho went himself to Germany, distributed pamphlets in English and Gorman, explained the capabilities of the co- lony for the cultivation of the vine, and for wine-making ; engaged vignerons, put them on board ship, got into trouble-he told me so him- self-on a charge of kidnapping tho Germans to this fearful country ; and yet he lins never puJ lished these things ; but should he ever read tin account of them ÍD any history of the colony, lu would blush to .find them fame. The groat di- gression of 1843 and 1844 set the Messrs. O'Briou, eif Yass, boiling their sheep-at that time nur J woolly vermin-for their tallow. Thus, a fat theep was found convertible into a fivo-and-throa penny export. This was a discovery at the timo, and acknowledged and appreciated as such, and it was a discovery the result of deep ai.d general distress taxing men's invention,. In like manner, coming nearer home, a short time back a very gentlemanly man-one with whom many in this room are well acquainted - stopped mo at the corner of Collins and Queen streets, and said he had understood I was much interested in the development of our resource] ; and íecc-iving for answer that I was so, ho pro- ceeded to say that he hod discovered one, that b3 had it about him, aud could at once Bubmit it tj my coubideration. I was interested, as you miy fceipposo, and so must you be. Wo havo read - great deal lately about Australian gems. So par taps your imaginations are already scampering off into the rogionsof mineralogy or geology. Wai it a diamond? No. Perhaps an aquamarine, topaz, or a ruby, or an emerald? Notât all. You give it up ? Well, then, he drew it from his coat pocket with a solemnity I cannot describe, and it was, what ? A sausage !-a short, red, regular, orthodox, unmistakable saveloy 1 Before . I had recovered from my surprise he said, " Taste that, and tell rae what you think ot it." Wt-11.1 hesitated ; because, although I like tausages, I have u prcjudico (perhaps a weak, aal finicking, and unfounded prejudice) agaiqii; sau&tgciJ; bein, earned about in people'8 pocket!. In an instant, however; I saw that his enthusiasm ignored all such despicable weaknesses, and, evi- ¡ "deritly.quite,unapprehensive of tho cause of my .confusion, he pressed the article upon mo. Í took a cautious and critical nibble. " Now," ha said, "what do you say to it?" "Well," I j answered. "I have tasted worse sausages than that." "I should say so;" said ho, " but what will you think, my dear sir, when I tell you that the wholo of that sausage is made out of kangaroo?" "WoU," I said, "I could belie Vi iti" "I- am going," he said, "to apply to tho Solicitor-General for a patent, for I believe the idea is thoroughly new." I said I think so, too. Ho carefully re-wrapped tho saveloy in paper, re-dropped it into its appointed receptacle, and strode away with an air that delighted mo. He did not seem so much to think of any profit derivable from this prepa- ration, as of tho fact that he was carryin» a portion of the salvation of tho colony in ni s pocket, society all unconscious of tho mUlenniu'tt impending. We may laugh at this ; but is mi tbo great city_ of Bologna itself better known to the great British mind by Bologna's celebrated sausages than by her fountains, her colossal statues, her piclure- galleries, her museums and cabinets of art, hor Cardinal Mczzofantis, her publio libraries, or by being the birthplace of ono of _ the greatest orators of our day-Father Gavnzzi. On thoso occasions, perhaps, wo ra»y feel half disposed to despise tho sausage, brit «yo »re at timeB glad enough to oat it for all tint. I maintain that my gentlemanly friend's ide* is g'.ed. It is another, and a worthy attempt, t) give by transformation exchangeable value to that winch is> at present comparatively valueless : nniny things are yet to bo grown and produced in this country, and profitably oxported, which dovntothe present time have never been evan tbeiught of. For weare little better than Chinese . copyists after all. Bo it hats, crinoline, peg-tops, ht.uses, or the growing of wheat and oats, what they do and wear at home we do and wear here. There are stony and arid bits of country in thù Victoria on which a sheep would starve, but on which an Angora goat would thrive, and bring profit to the owner. Tho bad times will brin«; tbo goats, the wine, tho olive, the cotton, the silk, the sausages, the dried fruits, and othor good things in due season. But if great depres- sions work such good' rosults on men's outward ' circumstances, how much more do they im- prove man himself ? How ameliorate his moral, nature ? How soften the hard merchant into the limiting philanthropist, how make his heart, like that of tho ancient mariner, overflow i with,emotion, and- " bless us unawares." Look I at that speech of Mr. Sichel, as reported in \ The.. Argus, »i the 8th of September last, on the universally' interesting subject of the provision tindo I We always knew him as one of the clearest of intellects ; wo now know him as ona of ihe most benovolent of mon. I have ore now been moved by tho '?' reason (as Macaulay finely describes .it) penetrated, and made red-hot, by Êasion," in the De Corona, of Demosthenes ; I ave read Cicero's fino invectives against Cataline, and Plunkett's celebrated knocking at , the door ; but nuver have I been more moved than by Mr. Sichel on the minor morals of merchants-what they aro, and what thoy ought to bo- touching the provision trade. " If anything goes wrong," says he, " in . Bass's boor, Sinclair s hams, or Gould's butter, .who is there, or what means exist here, to pro ivido a remedy?" "Oh,, cursed spite, - he eeems to say?-that I should ever bo bom to set them right." " Wo should act together," says he, "not pull against each other; and .should endeavour to put an ona to tho many paltry motives, envy, malice, and Bpito, whioh it cannot be denied exist among us. If, on tho contrary, wo seo each other often, and are thrown more together day by day, we shall soon, come to act with more unanimity, and moro pro- fitably to our common interests. Instead of this, we tire accustomed to a selfish manner of con- ducting business, each reckoning his own advan- tage more than that of tho general body. Not out! of us," says ho " is at the bottom of what goes on in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter," &o.; Now, Mr. S. P. Lord in- dorsed every won! of theso self-denying senti- ments, and they passed nein. con. How i delightful is this ! Henceforth wo muy look for a little more public spirit arnon? the merchants. Henceforth wo may find thom standing moro frequently for tho Legislature, and thereby acknowledging that they havo duties to the country as well as towards each other. Henceforth, at any rate, the Chamber of Com- merce will bo a sort of commercial AgapBtnone, or mercantile abode of lova. Saltings of invoices and secrets in prices-current shall bo no more. Every man who knows anything by which ho m*y 1 profit shaU henceforth proclaim it, with a loul voice, upon 'Chango. Dennistoun Brothers shall be Everybody's Brothers, and shall be seen in every direction pouring oil into all sorts of wounds. Litigation sholl bo at an end, and row; 1 of alms-houses, for the lawyers, shall be erocted ; and His Excelloney shall lay the first stone, and congratulate the audience upon tho prosont lec- turer being tho first recipient of the new bounty. My feelings overcome mo, and I must close the pic- ture. Do not imagine that, because I have been drawn off to a somewhat romping digression, I have forgotten our situation. If I have shown [ more levity in the course of this looture than some people may think _ becoming amongst a ruined people, pray consider it is because I, for onu, do not consider we nro ruined at all. Like tho gentleman who had seon too many ghosts himself to be able to believe in them, so I have seen the colony ruined too many times to believe it is going to bo ruined now. That there is dis- tress amongst us there can bo no doubt. In all periods of transition in every country thore must ever be more or less of distress- distress even occasionally among industrious, provident, and worthy families. Such cases, perhaps, we bave all known. But I believe the greatest outcry about tho shortcomings of the colony proceeds not from this class at all. Unfortu- nately, every new country bus in it largo numbers of waifs and strays of humanity, unfitted for any | mortal pursuit-a vague, listless, hoping, waiting class, always talking, never doing, save for a few hours together, and whose fato you have never any difficulty in forete'ling. These sink down and succumb here, as they would anywhere else. But for those who can apply thoir hands or their heads to the work to be done, what is really tha matter? Depression 1 Commercial crisis for- sooth ! .What's a commercial crisis, compare I with a cannon ball crisis? Wo have heard enough, and to spare it is true, about New Caledonia, and about French fleets in Hobson's Bay. Lot them come; I bolieve in Old Cale- donia, and in Old England, and in " ould" Ireland, lind also in our volunteers, as right, earnest, six o'clock in the morning fellows, who mean it. But just imagine for a momont that such a fleet were here, and that a strong detachment of French marines had caught our seven bank managers, and clapped them into a chain-gang, and got them all on board ship as hostages for a good rattling ransom I Here's something like a crisis if you like. What was the imprisonment of the seven bishops, about which history makes to much fuss, compared with this cooping up of our seven bankers? Imagino them, it you can, looking over the bulwarks of somo " tall admiral," aud pining for their parlours. This is the ludi- crous side of war, and we laugh; and, strange to say, laughter and tears aro never moro sincere than when thoy aro close to each othor. For, whilst contrasting mere distresses of paaca with the horrors of war, other and .awful com- parisons with our own present happy condition ' press upon the memory. Was not Palermo bom- barded the othor day, and were not wives, and mothers, and littlo children, slaughtered among the husbands, and tho sons, and the fathers? Look at Taranaki's m'sery at our very door. Think of.the fired homesteads, the dispersed and mined households, the hopos and labours of years of patient toil annihilated ia an instant among a people who, the other day, deemed themselves as secure as we consider ourselves now. Do wo sufficiently and habitually consider, then, the advantages we actually enjoy ? Health, food, warmth, light, liberty, some leisure for reading, ¡forthought, and recreation;-are theso posses- sions nothing ? Are they not, indeed, all, so far I as this mere sublunary life is concerned ? I am ! not preaching any impossible philosophy, or any i anti-colonial degree of abstinence and self-morti- fication. I merely mean to say, that there is | nothing like looking resolutely at the bettor side of every situation, and being thankful to God that Idlings are no worse. It is certain that as 1 man is at present constituted he cannot even pro i perly taste pleasure, without having first known i pain. Wemostofuscorumandmorethanthepeople of many other countries enjoy, and as much as I unsophisticated man really wants ; and if at i times and seasons-and such times 'and seasons come to us all- wo find ourselves unable to live up to our own doctrine, and that wo are yee ' ¡ querulously repining under those losses, and i i crosses, and petty griefs and disasters, whioh ¡have power over tho strongest as over tho | ¡weakest, let us still thaukfuily boar in mini j ' that-as the wisest and most benignant of ¡human spirits has said, I '. Thla wide and ntilrersal thsatra I Presents more wot<fu< pigeants than the scene ¡ Wherein wo play in." i Good night. ; On the conclusion of the lecture, ! Dr. MACADAM moved »vote or thanks to tin 'Lcturcr, which was gracefully respondod to. ! Mr. MICHIE then moved a vote of thanks to ¡tho Governor, who, in acknowledging tho same, e xpretsed the great interest ho had always felt in j institutions like the Melbourne Young Men's 'Mutual Improvement Association. ! EELS IN TIIB SWAMP.-WO do not think it is gcneriilly known that large eels abound inYuillo's S'AMiip. Wo saw one 5_Ib. weight, whioh wn cai'gl«'., with a night-line'on Saturday ; and Mr. 'Glan;, ..f tho Wheatsheaf, has had them oven '.lar_,er'iu sizo.-Ballarat Times, October 30, I 