THE STRIKE IN THE BUILDING TRADES OF LONDON AND -^TS . RESULTS. (From the Times, March H.J On Saturday, the 6th of August last, the workmen in the employ of Messrs. Trollope, the builders, left their work with the avowed resolution of returning to it no more until cer tain terms had been conceded by their masters. This was the commencement of that great 'Strike' in the building trades which has im peded so many public works, produced such in finite suffering, and occasioned, by the suspen sion of so much labour, so vast a sacrifice of money. It is ouly now, at the cxpiratiou of the seventh Bioatk from the origin of the con test, that we can definitely announce its ter mination. Early in February the master builders held a meeting, At which they, for their part, assumed that the strife was at an end ; hot it was only in our. impression of yes terday that Mr. Potter, the Secretary to the Conference of tbe Trades on Strike, gave the public to understand that the workmen also looked upon the struggle as concluded. AVe must recapitulate a few of the leading facts of the case before we can turn the {irescu't occa sion to proper account The conditions demanded by Messrs. Trol lope's workpeople, and for the sake of wliidi they, ' struck,' were, that for the future they ehmfld only do nine hours' work instead of ten[ but' that they should continue, as before/ to/eceiye ten hours' pay. This 'nine hours' nSvpmerit,' as the. agitation was termed, had ercQ.Mesprs. Trollope into a surrender first, and then to take the other building firms hi succession until the whole trade bad been brought under control. The scheme, appeared easy of execution, for, as Messrs. Trollope'e workmen could be supported by subscriptions from other establishments still at work, it was dear that the men would be able to outlast the masters, and the same tactics might be then repeated at every stage of the contest. The employers, however, took alarm at the prospect before them, encountered the workmen's com bination with a combination of their own, and promptly followed up the ' Strike ' at Messrs. Trollope's by closing their own establishments also until Messrs. Trollop's should be reopened. To this act of self-defence they added another jiroceeding, not indeed absolutely unjustifiable, but of less evident necessity. They framed a ''document' to be taken and accepted by all workmen coming to them for employment, in which it was stipulated that the workman con cerned should not during the period of his engagement belong to any society professing to interfere for the regulation of labour be twecu master and man. This proceeding ex asperated beyond measure tbe workmen, or rather their leaders, for it struck at the root of that organization which constituted their )»s-er. Accordingly, they took an early op portunity of dropping the nine hours* agita tion, and concentrated their attacks upon the 'document' alone. They were probably not sorry to escape from an untenable position, but from that time tbe whole question turned upon the 'odious document,' by which, as it was alleged, tbe only property of a working' man was invaded, aud his dearest rights de stroyed. Among tlie various schemes of compromise suggested by the beuevoleucc of mediators, the happiest, as now appears, was devised by Lord St Leonard's. To this proposal we drew at tention at the time of its announcement, and gave the public an iusight into its character and purport Notliiugia appearance could be simpler or less objectionable. Lord St. Leo nard's proceeded first to lay down the law, as nobody was more competent to do, and, having thus given a perspicuous statement of the obligations actually bindiug on workmen, pro posed that a copy of this declaration sUojld be suspended in every workshop, and that every workman should recognize and accept .the con ditions of labour so denned. Of course, there was no room for direct cavil at euch a sugges tion, for nobody could refuse obedience to tbe law, and nobody could exact obedience beyond it. At first, however, neither party closed, with the proposition. The masters could not reject it, for it answered their purposes, in so far as those purposes were justifiable ; but certain collateral points had been raised, and were still at issue, which reauiredadjuBtment. The men, indeed, might well rebel, for in the uew decla ration was included ^he substance of the docu ment itself— viz., tbe liberation of labour from the tyranny of Trades' Unions; but they had no producible pretext, and, what was still more to the purpose, they had no available power. In the end, therefore, tbis has been the basis of the settlement, or so, at least, we must .presume, from the terms of 9r~ Potter's circular. The .masters, content with the declaration, withdrew the document ; the men obtain by this with drawal the letter of their ultimate demand. ^How scaut a warrant, however, is furnished by 'this Copclusion for tbe jubilant proclamation of. Mr. Secretary Potter me need hardly stop tOgtkpbin, nor sue we, indeed, at aU*coaceraed : ip.dssh *the'exulta£iQn of that functibnarv- and- hi fljflowera, if. they naally feel any, 'That Batt4joD1gcrenta ehomajolaim a' victory is a te^^:jnVMait^-a^iior do we;aaare ia ^'&e; workmen'puiSied to any extremity of hnirjniitiinii ' or ^defeat: For their own sakes, however, and with reference to the appeal on .which Mr. Potter now ventures, we must needs remind them, .somewhat more accurately than lie lias done, of the events of the contest. They have been beaten, there is no disguising it, sttemiy point Step bj step, on ooe pretext or another, but always with the same result, the worknien receded. First, Messrs. Troliope'e shop, .then those of tbe other firms, obtained hanus and resumed work,' notwithstanding the enfbrbement of the objectionable document TfcevCpnferiajce could literally do nothing ex cept adopt as facts what themasters had already accomplished. Tbe original object of all the disturbance was repudiated early in the day,; The ^Srrike' at Messrs. TroUopefi was- not withdrawn until it bad been practically termi nated by the resumption of work; and «ven thia'proposal of Lord St Leonard's, with which - the nun are now &iu; to dose, wasuoit adopted by Ae masters nntil:many tfaonsanus of \rork mao4ttd ootne in irftbout any' conditions at alL ^b are aw^1^aB%U might indicate a preppnderanoe tf ptangtii only, and not of reason; but ithfi 'tnen w^ way in Argument even tears «»an 'in )^«esr ; !Tbey could staad but m 9^da«ble,;n^mlSers to file last, anct; ;'^e kn^indeed,a^tm»spnB' lubour n-u bee» tettd.*b;n«-cuTe,'b«ift they oould not justify in 'the eyfiB^pf ^epnbKc either tiieirprincnijes or ' .w'PSIil*!^ «eturfijDr,nmeiionr«^«n»ikiwa»: ma-tmetti, *8 ^ :ovh .unno^fjcem^ti! masters to find work for the operatives out of employ ; . or, in other words, it was a movement for increasing the market price of labour in consequence of the superabundance of labour in the market Even when tbe masters went the length of proscribing the existing organi zation of trade, it was felt by the public that the encroachments of Trades' Unions -upon the rights of individuals had almost .justified the forfeiture inflicted. In the courts of law, again, the intimidation and violence practised by the outstanding workmen against their brethren were visited with severe rebuke, and one man of some mark among them received a sentence of imprisonment. What, indeed — that we may sum up the case — have the men gained by their self-imposed sacrifices and sufferings i They have not gained their ten hours* pay for nine hours' work, but, on the contrary, were compelled to throw the demand overboard at the very outset of the struggle. They have not established their trade organization on a firmer footing, but, on the contrary, have seen their Unions brought into suspicion and dis credit On the single point on which thev secured certain public sympathies they have been partially successful — that is to say, they have escaped the general and permanent im position of the masters' ' document.' Even lere, however, they have lost ground, for Lord St Leonard's declaration, if thct, as we as sume, is to be the basis of future engagements, strikes almost as direct a blow at the abuses of their trade organizations as (he document itself, .Addressing them, therefore, in their o^j^ jjyAgpeate. '^jfe^l p' hesitation as. to the appeoL .We jeoammena &em; not to®re*vTvo '' a movement''' which has just been signally defeated by the masters, and as signally con demned by public opinion. We recommend them not to throw away then-earnings in sup port of an agitation which can never produce any good, and, above all, to discard the im pression which Mr. Potter still strives to deepen and perpetuate, — that the employers of labour are the ' oppressors ' of the labour ers, and that workmen have a 'grievance' when they, cannot succeed in getting more than the market price for their work. That such delusions exist we know rail well. That they are not the fruits of all- powerful capital, as Mr. Potter would say, or of political disa bilities, ass. Mr. Bright argued, is clear from tlie fact that workmen in Australia are under the same species of influence, and slaves to the some organization. These errors spring from the action of insidious persuasion upon na tural cupidity, and are maintained by the force of. social terrorism. They must be com pletely dispelled before masters and meo can work harmoniously together for their common profit ; but of one thing workpeople may rest assured, and that is, that if Mr. Potter could ever Achieve that 'independence of labour' of which lie prates, it would simply amount to the banishment of capital and the destruction of employment together. Ghosts. — The /world is more populonR, it has been truly said, to those who can see with the misd than to those who can see with the eye ouly. There are ghosts everywhere. Christmas is coming, and stories of ghosts are, of course, coming too. They travel together ? always. The spirit rappers have vulgarised them; but there are ghosts, nevertheless, all over the country, telling of great works, com manding gratitude, and suggesting imitation. Go out on tbe wild moors of Northumberland, to Wroieter or Cirenceater, and there you may see ghosts of old llomans, who brought us civi lisation. Nay, you need not go far ; for here, in the very centre of tbe trade and bustle of the great metropolis, under the Coal Exchange for example, the ghosts of the old heroes sit On Salisbury Plain — ?' what sheeted ghost is wandering through the storm f It is Drai dical and misty. The ghost of King Alfred appears in our liberal institutions and laws. Chaucer, Spencer, 'sweet Will Shakespeare,' Milton, Scott, Byron, and other .choice spirits, are familiar to all. In printing- offices (where the .steam-engine is whirling off millions of useful pages), in great -libraries, in the den of the poor scholar, and now, happily, in the homes of the humblest labourer, the ghost of Gaxton flits pleasantly about Factories, spin ning-mills, and other busy scenes, are hunted by poor Crompton and Arkwright, and other ghosts, of sturdy aspect, wander there too. The spirit of Wellington was present before Sebastopol, in the jungles of India, and is just now. present m every part of the country. How gloriously die ghost of Wren shapes itself to a Londoner's -eyes ! Grand in outline, ele gant in detail . His remains lie in such quiet as is to be found amid the roaring of a mighty city ; -but bis spirit rooms abroad, and teaches sot merely his. art, bnt the beauty. of integrity. In both hemispheres, beneath the stars — spang- Iets of heaven, the 'eternal fields ofiight that lie round about-the -throne -of CSodj' teaching as well assbiningT-IsaftcNewton passe calmly ; while Harvey, jenneri and Howard flit through our hospitals and jarls. The spirit of. Watt is seen in tbe' bowels of the earth, in, great foundries, on rerery river, and every eea, ^ad vancing ia,* thouaurf -ways 1^ -civilisation of through fl), jaiyjn ' slmng && ?coast, deep into ^bebosaot4f.iiiQs,.«od through the -centra of great cities— binding together ajl.poople, dis seminating knowledge, ibcreasiog the. happiness for aU, The spirits pf Beyaolds,aud of Ho garth, and of Gainsborough, and Wilkie, and Turner, illuminate our galleries and printbooks, teachings delighting, and refining; while Flax man, now in -a tea-cup, and then on .a tomb, instils lesS(mB(iQ/orm, and ptsaches the Use fulness of the BeantifuL Yes, truly, there are ghosts everywhere; and* it is_ very desirable that we should now and then gii» .fhenia little consideration. — Builder. - ? ? A Krw Aktstowiviak.— M. Atlniphe Sadignet a civil engineer, wbonas Ions; made daman remains in tue dinerenf geological strata a epocial study, has called tbe attention of tbe French Academy to bets which be thinks. prove -the existent*, at a distant epocb, of* «peties of man distinct from tbe present. 