CATHOLIC PASTORAL ADDRESS: THi following address has been issued by Archbishop Polding to the Catholics of Maitland and the neighboring districts. The Archbishop accompanied by the Vicar.-General, lcft Sydney for Maitland by last night's steamer. " Dearly Beloved,-We have heard, with great pain, of the recent disturbance in Maitland caused by the outrageous insult offered to our Church by a speaker at a late public meeting. We do not wonder at your feelings of anger, for we know well, though perhaps the world does not know, that Catholics feel more acutely an insult to their faith and Church than an attack upon themselves personally. It is the result of a true living faith. But, dearly beloved, we would fain have seen all of you choose the nobler part, and so shame your assailant by enduring your wrong in silence. In truth you little know to what extent ignorance of the Catholic doctrine and practice prevails amongst even educated men who are not Catholics; and, if you could see into tihe minds of our assailants, you would behold blunders and confusion in their ideas of our Church, that would provoke rather your mirth than your anger. However, we are not proposing to urge such considerations upon you; but at .oace.to earry your thoughts back to the scenes which during the last Holy week, have been occupying your thoughts, and to bid you over come natural resentment by looking anew on the example of Him who bore with patience the ex tremity of wrong, and insult and blasphemy for our sakes, and that we might be imitators of Hlim. This imitation is what IHe would have from us- what He chooses as the proof of our love. Let no one say that Catholics have refused this proof. The very depths of shame and degra datior, the cross anti its ignominy, resulted you know, in the glories of Easter ; and now every knee bows at the name of Him who was once the scorn and outcast of men. And the life of the blessed Lord is ever being lived.over again in his Church. Only do not you mar God's blessing by refutsing to receive and to bear with patience this little cross of insult. You.may heap coal of fire upon your assailant, hy showing that you value, indeed, the external:lonor of your Lord's Church, but that you embrace and value more highly.the mind of Christ which lie came to form in his true followers. Jesus autem tacebat. " Jesus held his peace ;" this was written for your instruction and to show what manner of meinca He would have you to be when misrepresen tation, and wrong, and blasphemy are at their worst. Leave God to avenge his own cause. Let:noone persuade you that any good, no, no niot even of worldly credit,.cat come of anger and violence. , Peace, good order, Christian patience thlese must be your watchword, as you are true christians. Men are afraid, it is said tlhat there may be a breach of peace and good order in Maitland. We are not so afraid, for we feel assured that you will lhave nothing to do with such an out break, because you value:too highly the honor of God and of His Church. We are followers of One.who was called by names worse than the name of heathen.: Be you his true children; and the more any onet fromt ignorance, or malice. charges your.fsith and your chuirch with Iheathen ism, do you so much the more compel all men by pour condtict, to acknowledge that youi have the Christ-like tempers of. peacefulnes and love, and long sufiering.patience in your hearts. May the grace of our Lord Jesu, s Christ,. and the charity of God, and thsa communtion of the Holy Ghost,.be with you all. Amen. ' - X. Jous lBEnE, Archbishop of Sydney. Wednesday, Ea.ter Week, 1860.S. . .Hcrald. 