OUR GOLD -FIELDS. SANDHURST.— No. X. (from oua smciAi. kbi-obter.) TUB STAR RBEF. North of the Catherine Reef (Keith's) Co's. ground, which now includes a second claim, north of the original one ; no claimholder has yet touched payable quartz, but, for some distance, the line i» taken up and being worked, and at length it runs into the Star Reef, at the head of Sailor's Gully. On the rise, south of this gully, but few claims are 'working, the water being too much for the reefers. Down in the gully itself, claims are being worked by the ' Star Reef Quartz Mining and Crushing Company,' and by several claimholders, who are at the present time work ing only spurs, the water preventing their doing anything with the reef itself. The ' Star Com pany' holds 406 yards on the line of reef, on which the sln-reholders are it present getting stone from five shafts. This stone is in places 50 feet wide, about three feet of it having been found payable down to 40 feet from the surface, where it is now said to yield about 2 oz. to the ton ; whilst the body of it has never been adequately prospected. At 130 feet down the water proved too much for the shareholders ; and the working of the reef at that depth was abandoned. Some time since the original claimholders amalgamated their claims to form the present company, on a basis of £28,000 capital, £21,000 of the amount being valuation shares for the purchase of an engine, and as compensation to the original claim holders. As might have been expected under such circumstances, the company, notwithstand ing very fair prospects, is not a flourishing one. The fact is, almost overy company that has hitherto failed, has failed chiefly from the exor bitant nature of the claimholders' demands. In the majority of instances they seem to have re membered that their claims were intrinsically valuable, but to have entirely forgotten that it was only by the application of capital that their value could be developed ; and that, if they would attract capital, it must be on terms mutually beneficial. Instead of this, they have generally endeavored to evade giving any quid pro quo for the use of capital by getting so large a price for the ' right to mine,' as would reduce the capitalist's profits to a miser able per-centage, with all the risk and none of the profits which attach to the ' valuation shares,' which, in many cases, have cost the claimholders nothing more than the trouble of shepherding the ground which these valuation shares have repre sented ; and the exact value of which has in many cases proved nothing. North of the Star Com pany's ground are four claims now being worked, and paying well ; belonging to Messrs. Wilson and Co., Yerak and Co., ''oik and Co., and Cooke and Co., who areworking spursonly, the reef being at present under the water-line. Their ground is drained by a four horse-power engine, erected by general contribution, but as the pumping-shaft is only 160 feet deep, the surface ground only, and not the reef, is drained by it. From Wilson's claim the reef dips both ways, north and south, and the engine being at the higher level, between the two dips, the claimholders to the north of it have not been able to get down bolow the water level ; and for this reason here terminates, until furtker prospected, the third line of reefs, upwards of seven miles long, traversing in its course a por tion of thf- beat and most central part of the Sand hurst gold-field, and cutting transversely nearly the whole of its most productive gullies. NEW CHUM RBEFS. About three miles to the east of the Cape Clear (Specimen Hill) line of reefs, previously described as the most western of the Bendigo reefs, and tra versing the more central portion of the Bendigo gold-field, ii the Now Chum and Victoria line of reefB ; one of the earliest discovered, most cele brated, and most prolific lines of reef in the neigh borhood of Sandhurst. Of this line the New Chum Reefs occupy the southern portion, and consist of two separate and well defined reefs, known respectively as the 'White' and 'Black' leads, parallel and contiguous to each other. The Victoria reefs occupy the northern portion of this line, consisting of several woll defined reefs, to be more fully described in a succeeding paper. The 'White Lead,' ' Eastern Lead' or 'Elles- mere line,' as it is variously termed, commences about one quarter of a mile north of tho Bendigo Creek, .near the middle ef Golden Square, whence it runs' for a distance of about one mile, 22| ° west of north, as far ai Ironbark Gully, where it terminates, to be suc ceeded by the Old Victoria Reef on the northern side of the Gully. The 'White Lead is what has been already des cribed as an A reef ; forming a body of quartz of considerable thickness on the surface, it divides into two thinner branches or limbs, at a depth of about 30 feet from the capping. These limb? have been traced down (somewhat diminishing in thickness)as fi^r as the water ^p&el.; The White Lead consists of a pure white quartz, gener ally free from other metals, and contain ing gold, nuggety, and more than ordi narily pure, even for Sandhurst gold. Parallel to the 'White Lead,' and at a distance about 100 yards to the west of it, is the 'Black Lead,' also divided at an inconsiderable depth into two limbs, eastern and western. The first claim of any note on the White Lead is that of the Garibaldi Com pany ; including ground not long since opened, but already productive. As yet no deep sink ings have been effected in it, but quartz was recently taken from near the suriace, which glittered with coarse gold to an extent that pro mised an average of many ounces to the ton. Strange to say, crushed at a neighboring mill it yielded only a fraction of the quantity anticipated, 'and all fina^gold — a result with which the share holders wave been so much disgusted, that it As probable before very long their capital (only £1SOO at present) will be largely increased with th'e view of of procuring machinery of their .own. The next claim — one of the most celebrated-yon the Wliite lead is that of Gibbs and Lazarus, out of which the fortunate proprietors are said on the very best of authority to have taken out between thirty and forty thousand pounds worth of gold. This amount was obtained from working only the under iide of the reef, leaving a great, if not the greater, por tion of it untouched. -*. The New Chum Quartz Mining ^ompany, es tablished on a capital of £50,000 in shares of £2 10s. each, holds a lease of 437 running yards on the New Chum, ''Wliite,' and 'Black' Leads. For this length of ground, includlug two of the best lines of reef on the Sandhurst gold-field, the company paid the original claimholders the very reasonable sum, in cash, and shares, of £5000, — less than £12 per running yard. In the centre of their claim the directors have sunk a large working shaft, and driven east and west with a celerity (considering the wet and difficult nature of the ground) that doen credit to the management. At 102 feet from the surface, a cross level hu been put in about 140 feet to the we*t. At a distance of 70 feet from the main shaft this level crosses a dyke of lava Streak (brown pipeclay), followed by a rwf of rubble quartz, and thon a well-defined reef of quartz of a dnrK ironstone character, similar to the Black Lead, but underlying east and consti tuting apparently its eastern reef or limb. To prospect this reef, a drive has been put in to the north about CO feet, the quartz taken from which has proved payable, although not rich. At a distance of 140 feet west from the main shaft, this level kas tapped an extraordinary quantity of water, one of the surest possible in dications that a large reef is not far distant. But for some reason the search for the western limb has been for the present suspended. East of the main shaft, at the same depth (102 feet), a drive has been put in to the east about 130 feet, cutting in its progress several auriferous quartz veins or leaders to what is supposed to be the western limb of the White Lead, about one foot thick, and underlying west. This reef has b-?en also cut in the main shaft, at a depth of 175 feet from the surface, where it has proved highly auriferous. In the same (102 feet) level, 105 feet to the east of the main shaft, the miners have broke into the old workings of Gibbs and Lazarus, from which they expect to get a large quantity of payable quartz, in addition to much richer stuff from the untouched portion of the reef, in new ground to the north of Gibbs and Lazarus's claim. Hitherto the company has been crushing poorer quartz, from the surface ground and old workings; but I have no doubt that, as they descend in the reef at the bottom of the main shaft, and open the new ground just re ferred to, their proceeds will be largely increased. As I have before remarked, the gold found in this lead is of the finest quality that I have met with on Bendigo, and the quartz which forms its matrix, more free from pyrites or foreign metal of any kind than I have elsewhere seen — a proof that, however favorable an indication the presence of pyrites and other metal may be of the prox imity of gold, its absence is no Reliable indication of the want cf it. The mining plant of the New Chum Company consists — in addition to the usual dams, engine house, and appurtenances — of a Cornish boiler, 31.0 x 6.0, and 25 horse-power engine, l»y Rankin, of Liverpool, and used generally for pumping, winding, and crushing. ' It may be here stated as an exemplification of the serious inconvenience which attaches to the use of pump ing and crushing engines for winding purposes also, that Mr. Read, the manager of this company, being desirous of attaching to the ordinary ripple tables one of Meyerbeer's patent cradles, was unable to do so oa account of the variation in speed which takes place in the company's engine when the winding drum is thrown into and out of gear. The crushing and washing arrange ments of this machine are very complete, includ ing four batteries, each of four . stamps (square, not rotary), each stamp weighing 6 cwt. These batteries, including fixing, cost £1600, and were made by Mr, Crossley, of Collingwood. Out side the company's ground may be seen the ' remains', of a tubular boiler, formerly the pro perty of Bruce and Co.; destroyed by the action of silt from mineralised water, which has in many places completely filled up the interstices between the tubes, and so caused them to burn out. As corrosion or silting are remarkably liable to ensue from this use of mineralised water taken from deep RhaHs, and as in the case of silting, there is a loss of -ower by the coating of the tubes long bafore they are destroyedby the heat, I cannot but think it extremely undesirable until some satis factory means of removing this silt from boilers by chemical means has been discovered, to make use at the mines of any boiler which is incapable of being occasionally cleaned out. North of the New Chum Company's ground the range traversed by the New Chum, roefs ascends from the New Chum ? Gully to an elevation 100 feet above it ; the wliite lead cropping out on the surface to a width of about 30 feet for a considerable distance. This reef gradually thins out as it descends, and at a depth of 100 feet it is quite lost. At a depth of 180 feet the cap of a second reef has been touched, and gold found in it. But in conse quence of the great abundance of water given out on touching the reef the working of it was for some time suspended. Recently the ground has been drained by the New Chum Company's en gine, and the proprietors — Messrs. Gibbs and Lazarus — have recommenced work on it. A much larger yield of gold is expected from this second reef than was obtained from the reef above. To give the reader some idea of the yield of gold obtained from this claim, I may state that Gibbs and Lazarus crushed at one time at the rate of 80 tons a week from it, which yielded -xbout 3 .oz. to the ton — in all, £29,700, and they . now find employment for a 10 horse power engine, driving two batteries of eight stamps each ; weight of each stamp 250 lb 'With this plant they crush no less a quantity than 180 tons weekly, giving an average yield of about 100 oz. for tho week. During what extent of time they hava done this I have been unable to learn, but the current opinion is that they have taken from £60,000 to £70,000 out of the claim. IrWorder to perform tho above extraordinary feat in crushing (180 tons a wcek^from two bat teries) they make use of very coarse splash sieves, rush the quartz through the batteries, and flood . 'it with much water to get rid of the tailings rapidly. As might be expected their tailings ap pear more like very fine gravel than quartz tail ings, and there can be no doubt that much gold is lost by so rough a process. Yet this rough and ready system is defended by some miners, on the ground that poor quartz v ill not pay for the ex penditure of much timo and money upon it — an argument which I believe to be thoroughly falla cious, and for two reasons : — first, because fine gold is invariably lost by the process to an extent that would mae than pay for the extra cost of fine crushing, ^^fce the stone will pay for crush ing at all ; andfsecondly, because in consequence of the gold being not thoroughly extracted from the quarts, much of the quartz obtained from a reef gets rejected as not payable when it is simply poor. Being so rejected, the reef is simply picked over and fossicked. Masses of quartz, just payable, if well crushed, are left to encumber the workings. The lead of gold in these masses gets lost, and the mine is abandoned, perhaps on the very threshold of large discovoriei, all because a just economy has been neglected in' the endeavor to crush the largest possible quan tity of quartz, reckless of the manner in which it is done. [In proof that what I have said on this subject is no myth, but an opinion on which some reliance may be placed, I have to add that since writing it, I have ascertained, on reliable authority, that some tailings, taken from this mill, have yielded by analysis twice at much gold after passing the mill, as was found in tho ripple boxes by the proprietors.] Above Gibbs and Lazarus' claim, on the very brow of tho New Chum Hill, is ground occupied by the ' Phoenix Company,' so called I presume ? becausa it has arisen from tho ashes of the ' Pioneer Company,' which, short of capital, and formed on the principle of limited liability, quietly gave up the ghost in favor of its successor, with unlimited liability. In tha company's ground (105 yards on tho reef, with seven acres ol leased lands) both the Black and White leads have been found. Some four years sinco the prospectors obtained, at a depth of 180 foot, the capping of tho White lead, which crops out on the hill to the south in Gibbs and Lazarus' claim. To drain this ground the Pioneer Company put in n couple of tunnels 6-0 x 3-0 through the side of the hill, one of them 423 feet long, the other 211 feet, got out by contract at an expense of only 9s. Gd. per yard. These tunnels are chiefly interesting as touching the formation of reef bear ing ranges. For the greater part of the distance along these tunnels, which enter in the eastern slope of the range, the country underlies to the east about one in three, crossing some quartz spurs, which seem to be connected with the eastern limb of the White lead beneath. As the tunnels approach the centre of the hill, the lay of the country gradually increases, almost to hori zontal, and finally changes to the west, under lying about one in three, where the tunnels cut a largo spur or reef underlying west, which ap pears to be connected with the western limb of the Wliite lead some distance beneath. For three years this company, having abandoned an attempt to drain the ground for themselves, by employing whims and horses at an expenditure of £10 weekly, lias been waiting for steam drainage. Recently this has been obtained from the working of the New Chum Company's engine, about a quarter of a mile south, and the company is now again engaged in sinking their main shaft. From the western reef or spur of the White lead, pre viously spoken of as cut by the tunnels, this com pany is taking quartz at a depth of 50 feet from the surfac&, yielding on the average throe-qunrters of an ounce to the 'ton. North of the Phoenix Company's claim tho Black and White leads have been as yet insufficiently 'prospected. From some surface stone on the lino good yields have been obtained, but this lias not been traced down to a defined reef. To the east of the line, about 120 feet, another reef has been opened under the name of the ' South Victoria,' and from thia reef, only eight inches wide, as muchas37os. of gold to the ton of quartz were taken out. This reef dips south into the Phoenix Company's ground, where it is struck at a depth of 200 feet. In crossing Ironbark gully, the whole of the New Chum reefs disappear, being replaced on the other side of the gully by another and similar group of reefe, known as the Victoria line, which line will fo«B the subject matter of my next communication. 