THE GARRETT DINNER. ' .To tho Editor of the ' IllawQrra Mercury' bin, — In the Express, dated the 12th instant, tho Shoalhaven correspondent, 'Sneaking John' has, in his usual style, endeavoured to mislead the public in reference to the meeting of the electors, nnd the din-, ncr 011 the occasion of Mr. Garrett's visit to our dis trict. Tho said correspondent states the meeting was thinly attended, the principal part of the audi ence consisting of the ' moboeracy of Nowra.' listen to this ye farmers of Shoalhaven and readers of the Express: Will ye continue to support a p per whose correspondents are licensed to use the word ' moboeracy' to men because they honestly follow the plough. This at once will prove the principles which rule this fast dyidg periodical — already in its last gasp. It is well known that the meeting was well attended, nnd that a majority of the electors present were .gentlemen who voted against Mr. Garrett at the last election — now some of his strong est supporters, and which a thousand papers such as the Express, a thousand correspondents such as ' Bendon,' or a thousand 'Dick Foxes' or '3Iud- groves,' will bo able, by their constant petty attacks on our representative, to influence against him. Tho people are too wise hero now, — when they have a good member, one of their own choice, to be misled by a would-bc aristocracy, who are quito chop-fallen at tho victory gained over them by what the Exprtu terms tho ' mobocracy.' The same ' ocraey' will, should there be a general election, prove once moro their strength, let the ' great' insult them as they will. The polling day will be the peoples reckoning day at the ballot box. The Evpress correspondent also states ' the dinner was poorly attended.' Ho well knew that the stewards only ordered dinner to be provided for thirty, nnd thnt nearly forty sat down to dinnor. liendon knew also, for ho was pre sent, that the room was too crowded, nnd could not accommodate another person — all this Bendon knew, and he knew also that when Mr. Garrett returned thanks for the ' Press,' there, were three cheers for tho Mercury. Mr. Bendon also returned thanks as representative of- the Express, but not the ghost of a cheer was raised. In future it may be found neces sary for the Express correspondent to make himself scarce at any future public dinner in Shoalhaven if they misrepresent things so grossly as tho corres pondent alluded to ; in fact lie commenced to take notes nt the dinner under the table, nnd wtm nearly being scruffed out only for the interference of a friend. 1 am, Yours, &C.;, TRUTH. Greenhills. - 