MISCELLANEA. HORRIBLE TRAGEDY IN AN AMERICAN LAW OUGHT. The usually quiet and law-abiding people of the county of Henry (says the New York Herald, of the 3rd instant, copying : from a Petersburg, Va., paper), have been intensely ex - cited for the past three or four days, in consequence of a terrible tragedy — or rather a triple tragedy — that was enacted in their midst on Saturday last. It appears that some years since a grand-daughter of the venerable and talented Mr. Vincent Witcher, of Pennsylvania county, married a gentleman from the adjoining county of Henry, whose name was Clemmens. The maiden name of Mr. Witcher'a grand-daughter was Smith. The parties lived happily together until about eighteen months since, when, upon the most unfounded suspicions, as we have been informed, Mr. Clemmens desired a separation from his wife, and immediately instituted proceedings for a divorce, at the same time impeaching her honor, as the grounds for his course. Last Saturday was set apart for taking depositions, and the parties met at a magisterial precinct in Henry county. Mr. Witcher appeared to defend the suit and protect the honor of his grand-daughter. The taking of the depositions progressed, and after the plaintiff had finished with a witness, Mr. Witcher asked a question which greatly exasperated the husband, Mr. Clemmens. He immediately rose, drawing a pistol at the same time, and fired at Mr. Witcher. Mr. Witcher also quickly rose and drew a pistol from his pocket, and as the ball of his antagonist grazed around the abdomen, he fired, striking Mr. Clemmens in the forehead, and killing him instantly. A nephew of Mr. Witcher, and a Mr. Smith, brother of Mrs. Clemmens, hearing the firing, rushed into the room. A brother of Mr. Clemmens, who had also been attracted by the pistol reports, fired at a nephew of Mr. Witcher, the ball taking effect, and producing, it is feared, a fatal wound. Upon seeing his nephew shot, Mr. Vincent Witcher again fired, striking Clemmens No. 2, and killing him instantly. At this stage of the sanguinary affair, Mr Smith, the brother of Mrs. Clemmens, drew a bowie knife, but had scarcely unsheathed the blade, when he was fired upon by a second brother of Clemmens, the ball taking effect in the shoulder, and producing a painful wound. Infuriated by his wound, Sir. Smith rushed upon his antagonist, and with one powerful thrust of his knife, completely disembowelled Clemmens No. 3, the unfortunate man falling dead upon the spot. Three of the parties dead, and the other three all wounded, the horrible tragedy, here ended. Mr. Vincent Witcher, the chief actor in this truly terrible affair, is widely known throughout Virginia. He served for many years in the Lower House of the Legislature, and sub- sequently represented his district in the State Senate with signal ability. Our informant states that throughout the painful suit, which Mr. Witcher believes to have been instituted against an innocent grand- daughter, he has acted with great forbearance, and the part he has been compelled to act will be with none a source of more deep regret than himself. A GHOST IN LOVE.— A farmer, who had lately become a widower, was aroused at midnight by the loud barking of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun, and proceeded to an inspection. All at once he saw a phantom clothed in a white sheet, rise behind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limb shook with dismay. He, however, contrived to ejaculate, "If you come from God, speak ; if from the devil, vanish!" " Wretch," exclaimed the phantom, "I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Maria A ——, to whom you are making love. The only woman to succeed me is Henrietta B—— . Marry her, or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom.'' This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismaying the farmer, restored his courage, He accordingly rushed to the ghostly visitor, and, stripping off the sheet, discovered the fair Henrietta B—— herself, looking extremely foolish. it is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her.— Gateshead Observer. THE GREATEST DUEL ON RECORD.—The Journal of Commerce gives, without comment, a charming specimen of American civilisation entitled, "The greatest duel on record." This notable affair occurred in 1828, at Natchez, Mississippi, and, we presume, the same theory and practice still flourish, the causes of such social beauties being still in favour. "Forty or gentlemen" were engaged in this duel. "Colonel Jim Bowie" of the knife "was challenged by a gentleman of Alexandria." The belief in the chivalry of the Colonel was such that only twenty of the Alexandrian's friends accompanied him to the ground "to see fair play." These Louisianians were "armed," of course. Twenty armed Mississippians were on the other side. These were severally ranged behind the seconds and surgeons. " Behold the heights of Natchez, thronged with spectators, and a steamer in the river rounded to, its decks black with passengers, watching with deep interest the scene." Thus we learn that a duel, in which the combatants were first to try to disembowel each other with pistols shots, and these failing, to dis- embowel each other with knives,—and such knives!— is a matter of public exhibition where the peculiar institution flourishes, and it is equivalent in point of mortal interest there to Evangeline here at the Winter Garden, and in physical interest of the circus at Niblo's. Every country has its customs. The greatest duel on record was conducted in the most honourable manner. At the first fire, both Parties escaped. At the second, the Louisianian was too quick, and took advantage of Bowie who waited for the word. Bowie's second here upon cried "foul play," and shot the Louisianian dead. The second of the latter instantly killed the slayer of his principal. The surgeons now crossed blades, while with loud battle cries came on two parties of friends, the light of combat in their eyes. In a moment, the epic informs us, the whole number were engaged in a terrible conflict ; blades and bullets gleaming whizzing. There was a horrible slaughter, but the number of killed is not given by our pious contemporary. We learn however, that Colonel Bowie fought lionwise, and fell covered with wounds, and for months was laid up, but finally recovered. SINGULAR WAGER — One of the most singular wagers we ever heard of, says the Buffalo Courier, was made in Chicago on the day before the municipal elections in that city. The bet was between a Water street merchant and Ned Osborne, of the Tremont-house, the largest cigar and tobacco dealer in the city, and was to the effect that if Wentwort was elected, Osborne should have the privilege of kicking the Water street merchant, aforesaid from the Tremont-house to Springer street. The day after the election, the merchant having lost, came to Osborne's store, and presented his person to him for the contemplated kicks, and demanded that Osborne should take the stakes Osborne had been training his right leg all the previous day, and had armed his foot with a heavy cowhide boot, with soles as thick as two clapboards. The merchant started up by the Tremont, Osborne delivering a heavy kick as he started, but drew back his foot with a spasmodic action and paroxysm of countenance absolutely pitiful. He tried another one, but the loser flinched not, and kept on his way undisturbed by the volley he had received The result of this was worse than the first, and he fairly curled on the ground and howled with pain. The merchant stooped and calmly inquired, "Why don't you take the stakes ?" "What, have you got in the basement of your pants?" cried Ned. "Milwaukee bricks shouted the Merchant," and we arn't within a mile of Springer street yet." Osborne subsided, paid the champagne, and has been wearing a list slipper ever since. A STRANGE STORY. — A letter received from Hobart Town, and now in the hands of a reliable correspondent of the Halifax Courier, states that a Mrs Fenwick and four children left Melbourne for England in the Royal Charter, and all were lost. Mr Fenwick, the husband and father, remained in Melbourne, and about five days before the wreck wrote to a friend in Hobart Town, saying he had seen his wife and children, in a dream, battling with the waves and calling to him for help. The dream so preyed on his mind that he committed suicide by cutting his throat, and that on the very night of the wreck. A NEW MOTIVE POWER.— The Emperor Napoleon has approved the model of a gun-boat constructed on a system to be propelled without steam, and has ordered boats to be made on this plan. The power which is intended to be substituted for steam is hot air. It will produce as much rapidity and be far more economical than steam. It is calculated that the yearly saving in the cost of fuel for the French navy will be about 80,000,000f— indeed, that the combustible used for cooking on a voyage will nearly suffice to propel the vessel, and boilers will be dispensed with. The experiments have succeeded so well that, in addition to the gun- boats now nearly completed a large vessel, the Reine Hortense will be fitted to receive the new machinery. The inventor of this power, which may effect another revolution in navigation, is a French engineer employed at Lyons. The machinery, which has been made at Lyons, it expected soon in Paris. Great results are anticipated from this invention. AN IRISH VALENTINE —Oh, Paddy, sweet Paddy ! if I was ye'er daddy. I'd kill ye with kisses entirely! if I was ye're brother an' likewise ye're muther, I'd see that ye went to bed early. To feel ye're swate breath, I would starve me to death, an' lay off my hopes altogether ; to joost have a taste of ye're arm on my waist, I'd laugh at the meanest of weather. Dear Paddy, be mine, me own Valentine — ye'll find me both gentle and kind ; our life we will spend to an illigant ind, and care may go dance till he's blind. ONE SHILLING EACH.— An attorney in Dublin having died exceedingly poor, a shilling subscription was set on foot to pay the expenses of his funeral. Most of the attorneys and barristers having subscribed, one of them applied to Toler, afterwards Lord Chief Justice Norbury — expressing his hope that he would also subscribe his shilling. "Only one shilling !" said Toler ; "only a shilling to bury an attorney ! Here is a guinea ; go and bury one-and twenty of them." FAMILY RECIPES— To dress poultry— When the weather is cold, if you wish to make your fowls comfortable, cut and make for each of them a jacket and trousers. Put them on, and your poultry will be dressed. —Bubble and Squeak— Take a saucepan half-full of cold spring water; put it on the fire, and let it heat gradually for about an hour. Watch it carefully until it boils ; the moment it boils it will bubble. Then put your finger in, and you will say squeak. — To care Hams — First ascertain what is the matter with them, then supply the proper remedies, and if you do not succeed curing them it is not your, fault.— To Roast a Goose— First find out the biggest fool you know of. Chaff him Persuade him he it the cleverest man alive and go on in this style until the "goose" has been sufficiently roasted. —To Preserve Apricots— Procure from the market a small quantity of the finest apricots that money can purchase ; take them home, and, having wiped them free from all dust, carefully lock them up, where neither your servants nor your children can get at them for your own eating.— An excellent substitute for butter at breakfast (better than marmalade) — Marry the nicest girl you know. You will then have her to preside at your breakfast table, and unless you're a sad dog indeed you will not require any but her. AN AWKWARD MISTAKE — A fine stone church was lately built in Missouri, upon the facade of which stonecutter was ordered to cut the following as in- scription :— "My house shall be called the house of prayer." He was referred for accuracy to the verse of Scripture in which these words occur; but unfortunately to the scandal of the Society, he transcribed the whole verse—'My house shall be called the house of prayer, but ye have made it a den of thieves.' Once upon a time there lived an old couple known far and wide for their interminable squabbles. Suddenly they changed their mode of life, and were as complete patterns of conjugal felicity as they had formerly been of discord. A neighbour, anxious to know the cause of such a conversion, asked the gudewife to explain it. She replied, 'Me and the old man have got on well enough together ever since we kept two bears in the house." Two bears!" was the perplexed reply. 'Yes, sure,' said the old lady ' bear and forbear.' A shrewd little fellow who had just begun to read Latin, astounded his maiden instructress who was fast approaching "certain age." by the following translation— "Vir, a man; Gin, a trap; Virgin, a man- trap." A blind preacher in New York recently delivered a lecture in that city, upon "What he saw in Eng- land. Why is a lady's bustle like an historical romance? Because it is fiction founded upon fact. Punch suggests a 'Photographic Advertiser' with Portraits of 'Daughters to Marry,' as a likely speculation and at the same time a cheap substitute for balls and parties. I am going to write a book on popular ignorance.' said a conceited young man to Brown. 'I know of no one,' said the latter, 'more competent to prepare such a work.' ' Why, doctor,' said a lady, 'you talk as though a horse were better than a woman!' 'He is,' said the doctor. he never deceives—he bridles his tongue—he follows no fashions—and he hates hoops.' 'Doctor, I have a strong tendency to gout ; what shall I do to arrest it?' 'Take a bucket of water, and a ton of coals three times a week.' 'How?' 'Drink the former, and carry the latter up the pair of stairs.' 'Honesty is the best policy,' said a Scotchman, 'I know it, my friend, for I have tried baith.' 