WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1860. In tho Legislativo Assembly yesterday, in reply to Mr. Mollison, the Postmaster General stated that a despatch had boen re- ceived from tho Homo Colonial Office- on the subject of tho Peninsular and Oriental Stoam Navigation Company's contract for tho con- veyance of tho mails. The despatch had received instant attention from the Govern- ment, and o decision had been promptly ar i ived at. It was proposed by tho company to (ho Home Government that tho routo should bo changed from Mauritius to Gallo, and that an additional subsidy of £25,000, should bo paid; but the company would not bind themselves to continue the now arrangement if it should bo ua remunerative, preferring that the clause of thoir oi iginal contract should be retained by which it was provided that thoy could at any timo rotiro from the peiformanco of tho servico on paymout of a fine of £25,000. Tho despatch further asked that this colony should bear its proportion of any additional outlay that might bo noccssary to prevent the interruption of the mail communica- tion. Tho reply of 'tho Government was, that the change of routo was agreed to; that this colony would bear her sharo of tho additional sub- sidy required for the service; and further, that in the ovont of New South Wales, or any other of the colonies now contributarios to tho subsidy, declining, to bear their shore, this colony would Jj. a the entire additional burden rather than i, ,tliftt,,thoj communication. should Jbe interruptbd J I But it was intimated that the arrangement should; tMb'o'ôf if temporary charaoler, anrTlhat it was the; iv'(iJc8iroof this Government that a new contract l-'iBhould ho entered into for a monthly sorvieo bo-; tween Molbourno and Gallo'only, there to oon iii ncot -with the mails for India and , China; this r^Govornment wore willing to pay one-hnlf of :<+ho subsidy for such a service, retaining the [ privilege of allowing any of tho othor jpolonios to share tho advantages of such a communication on bearing their proportion of the subsidy, or of charging them a fair postal rato on such lottorä HaTTnlghti bo transmitted by that mail. The do< I spatch itsolf would bo placed on tho tablo as early as it was practicable to do so. ¡ I In answer, to Mr. Greeves, Mr. Nicholson* stated that ' a geological survey oxisted of the western' coal-fields, and that it was' i. not-^ intended lo institute any other survey. Ho stated that shafts had been suuk' hy private individuals, and in one caso a seam of coal threo feet thick had boen found, " but tho shaft had fallon in. In somo other in- stances coal had boon found, but tho scams wore thin. It was estimated that to make a praotical j survey by sinking a shaft would cost £728, whilo by boring a depth of 300 foot might bo reached at an expense of £200. Mr. Nicholson oxplnined tho circumstances under which Dr. Callan had received his np-, pointaient to tho Yarra Bond Lunatic Asylum. JTo was a perfectly qualified man, and had for-' merly hold a superior appointment nt Geelong. In answer to Mr. Verdon, Mr. Nicholson stated that it was not tho intention of the Govern- ment to propose any plan of municipal endow-' mont this session. Mr. Greeves gavo notico that on Thursday ho would move that na adequate sum should bo appropriated for a survey of tho western coal- fields. Mr. Service stated, in [answer to a question, that no contract had boon entered into for a ' road to Nicholson gold- diggings. It lind been -proposed to 'open up a dray-track, on the suppo- sition that tho cost would not oxcood a hundred pounds or two. Tenders had been called for, : and C4 had been sent in, tho amounts varying .from £500 to £15,000, and under thoso circum- stances tho intention had boen abandoned. Ile took tho opportunity of contradicting a state- ment that had been circulated, that ho and other members of the Government had a pecuniary interest in the Nicholson field. Mr. Pyke postponed for a week the motion .of which Ho had givon notico, that tho Houso resolvo itself into a Committee to consider cur- tain resolutions relating to tho Customs Act. Tho Houso then resolved itself into a Com- mittee of Supply, whan tho following votos wore mado :-£9,000 for roads in Ballarat, Raglan, and Ararat ; £100,000 in aid of existing and now Boards of Hoads ; £110,000, in addition to the tolls, for the maintenance of roads ; £1,000 towards the orection of a bridge on tho Gardinor'B Creek-road, to connect Boroondara and Gardiner ; £2,500 for toll houses, gates, and fencing ; £300 for mile-posts ; £5,000 to open up roads through private property ; £750 for tho guardian and tho school- tcaclior for tho aboriginals at tho Loddon ; £3,000 for cometories; £20,000 for additions and repairs to the Parliament Houses ; and £18,000 towards completing the now Treasury. A proposal to grant £2,000 for the completion of the bridge over the Yarra at the Falls led to a long discussion. The vote was temporarily with- drawn, to allow the President of the Board of Works to ascortain the best manner of crossing the railway. Three votes, amounting in all to £890, to re emburse the Municipality of St. Kilda a portion of the expense incurred in kerbing and channel- ling the main road, in erecting a public cab-stand, and in pitching a crossing, were refused. The discussion on the vote for the Houses of Parliament drew from Mr. Don a statement that the stone of which the library of the Houso is built is crumbling to pieces. The condition of the aboriginals was inci- dentally brought up, and a general wish was ex- pressed that Ministers should introduce some comprehensive measure to improve the condition of the natives. Tho House having resumed, afterwards went into Committee on the Gold-fields Act Amend- ment Bill, the two clauses of which were agreed to, with amendments. Power is givon to Alining Boards to name Committees in certain casos to deal with local difficulties. The House adjourned at midnight. The resurrection is safely accom- plished, and Protection is once more a living thing. We recognise, with some interest, all the old familiar features of the uniquhilc deceased. There is no- thing new or strange in form or aspect. It is the old fallacy itself, " better ash "now," and. but little the worse for wear. It has acquired even a fresh spring of falsity in the hands of Mr. Loader ; it is quite a fountain of igno- rance in the mouth of the unsophisti- cated Don ; and it gushes from Mr. Beales with the effervescence of the most delicious gingerbecr. Not the least notable part of the phe- nomenon is the oomplacenoy with which tho colonial Protectionists seem to view their work. The dreary old ghost of an effete sham is received as though it wore the last and freshest offspring of intelli- gent democracy. The quaok nostrum which has been abandoned at home, even by the most inveterate of Mr. Don's friends, the "old fogeys," is held up as the newest discovery of young Australian freedom. It is the only medicine for this used-up and, ieste Mr. Graiiam Berry, most miserable country. We must take it, without making faces. Mr. Loader, M.L.A., was specially great upon the subjeot. The point has evidently been already settled that famous back-parlour whence issued the Convention, Payment of Members, and so many other great projects. Mr. Loader does not condescend to use the vulgar weapons of logic, but such as he does use arc quite of the old mark and pattern. " Import duties had been " levied in other countries for the pur " pose of, proteoting native commeroe," therefore, " the onus of showing that " protective duties would not meet tho " want hore fell upon the Free Traders." Really this is a little too hard upon the Free Traders. One would almost ima- gine that Custom-houses were the nurseries of trade, and import duties a natural condition of commerce. The logic which is not of the Convention has always required that those who i create a restriction should give a reason for it, and excuses people in general from I the task of proving a negative. Thoonuä of proof is upon the Protectionist, and not upon the Free Trader. Free Trado is the normal condition of the world. All duties arc external, artificial, and arbitrary-not only barriers between the buyer and seller, the producer and the consumer, but a burden upon indus- try of overy kind. Mr. Loader, as a merchant, ought to know better than to found an argument on the fact that the Customs returns give £15,444,000 as the value of of goods imported into »Victoria W year .against ,£14,000,000 .«xporfc ' Li he ignorant of the " difieren.. letwecn real value and invoice valu 3 Í öl' does he really believe that the peopl rf Vletona spent £1440,000 morfE they earned- last year ? But this is «8 more ridiculous than to speak of "sen I [ mg away millions to other countries » m order to augment their «river« Lf "TScs." KwewndthammiSSii «.o shape^ they send us millions ! another. Our imports aro buttho equiva knt of our exports And how can ff jLoveour "river of wages" perfectlyT, gleoted ? Are there no wages for C who produce our gold and our Z? We presume tho Victorian d£L" or the Victorian shepherd doeSgJ work without compensation. pronn"° tren Mr LoADEa allows, is the X (f wealth, and what is our naU iul produce, if not gold and wool? TW tro the two things which we can moat cheaply produce in return for the pro duetions of other countries; and any .duty whiou tends to check our supplj rf foreign productions, is simply .52 upon those from whom wo derive he sources of our national wealth Mr. Graham Berry is a gentleman shorn it is hard to please. « If Free I padre'. >° says,/'were the grand and beneficia thing it was represented to be ought this not to bo a prosperou, I nation-ought not this countryto b< "the happiest on the face of the earth ? ; how, Free Trade> isa great principh, but it is liardyiair to expect that it will remedy all the accidents of fortune or cure every possible evil. There is moro than one good medicine whioh will not set a leg or reduce a dislocatioa We must protest against a rule of trado being charged with the duty of making men happy, or moral, or ia dustnous. If we are to adopt Mr Berry's conclusion, that this is the most miserable people on the face of the earth, surely there are some other causes which should share the blame with Free Trade. Wo have had a tolerably free Government, at least for the last four or five years-wo enjoy fhe advantage of universal suffrage and rf vote by ballot:-are we to go back, therefore, toarestrioted franchise, booanso wo continuo a miserable people, or try tlia Fosterian system again, because thora are some mechanics out of employ in our streets, or because stonemasons oan not make moro than fourteen shillings a-day ? "With Mr. Beales, who contends that the Free Trade movement at home was really a Protectionist movement, there is no reasoning. Mr. Hea.i.eî has discovered that baskets, feathers, and walking-sticks are still subjeot ti import duties in England; and from this fact argues that England cannot exist without Protection. A disnûl picture rises before our imagination of what England would bo were it not for the duty on tfalking sticks. We tremble at the prospeot ol' feathers being admitted duty free into tho mother country. If the home industry demands protection against the foreign basket-maker, are we not bound, says Mr. ° HeaIiES', to tax our boots and our bag- gies? " Why," asks Mr. Heales, in the fulness of his innocence, " aro not many "articles made here, instead of bein/ imported from abroad?" The higii price of labour might be suggested as ona reason-let the employers of artisan3 in this colony give othors. The arguments of Messrs. SiNOLAia and Don upon this question aro simply an impertinence, when addressed to tlu common sense of the country. Tin latter gentleman seems possessed with a notion that ho has a roving commission to redress the wrongs of intellect. From the principles of trade to the state of the learned professions, there is nothiug which he has not dared to touch. The arrogance of ignorance could no furthor go. We believe that if the succession of the equinoxes, or the conditioning of the Infinite, was to become a public question, Mr. Don would be preparad with a speech upon it, which would in some way go off to the rights of man and the wages of stonemasons. Tho ques- tion of Free Trade must bo sottled, for the oracle of ignoranco has spokon. Listen to its peremptory words-" Tho " meeting might be assured that, al " though some persons might havo " opposed the movement two or tura» " months ago, they would not do so " now." The acoession of Mr, Wilson Gray to the Protectionist movement is to bo regarded as one of the happiest features of this pleasant meeting. Tho tono in .which this gentleman speaks of his noir condition is most improving :-" ho was " anxious to bo acquainted with tho " facts upon which they had founded " such large opinions in favour of Pro " tcction." Mr. Gray wants very muoh lo bo good, and asks only-How ? We suspect he will not be long at his lossons. Mr. Don, with his fine talent for instructing everybody, is not likoly to neglect so promising a, pupil. The Convention is in want of a cry and a grievance ; and wo do not know of any more appropriate employment for its assooiato wits than to go to war with Free Trade. We protest only against this move- ment being considered as one in favour of the working-class of this colony. AU classes are interested in Freo_ Trade, but none moro than tho working-men themselves. In every othor country, Pro- tection has been the cry of a solfish mono- poly, which has sought to retain certain arbitrary barriors between the producer and the consumer. In all countnoi where Free Trade has recoived a trial, botli consumers and producers have con- fessed io its success. And there is m reason to believe that the principle which is true in Europe is false when liansplantcdto Australia. His Excellonoy the Governor and Mr. Sbi/wyn, the Government geologist, are at issue with Sir Roderick Mur- chison on a question of vital interest to the colony, namely-the extent and duration of our auriferous deposits. Tin ( orrospondence, containing a portion of the controversy, has just been printod, ¡ltd is, on the whole, of an assuring olia laeter. The eminent geologist, who dates his communication from the 'mother-country, opposes theory to faot, and speculation to experience, but 'fact and experience have the best of it. ' He is M6 ^o -kMé who_ wrote a treatise to prove that the Constitution of Sweden was indestructible, but who .witnessed the occurrence of a revolution .which overthrew the Constitution before his pamphlet was in type. ItisSir Roderick's: conviction that deep s.ink jn" wi]l not pay, that when tho vein- stones m situ have been worked down- wards by shafts, they havo been found f-o lo detoriorato as to be soon abandoned ; and that " the Australian minors who .if are now sinking so improvidently "into the 'reefs' are following the " example of the Spaniards of the six « teenth century when they colonised " South America." These, he remarks, it despising the rude mode by which the " native Indians had easily extracted so " much gold in Mexico and Peru, " simply from gravel and superficial " detritus, would persist in sinking deep " shafts, until it became a proverb that " gold-mining, i. c, sinking into the solid " rock, ivas ruinous, whilst the same pro " cess, when applied to copper and silver, " was highly productive." To this Sir Henry Barkly replies, with the respect due to the great authority from whom he differs, and with a pertinent re- ference to the actual results of deep sinking in Victoria as being wholly at variance with mining experience in South America. As an illustration of the capricious distribution of the pre- cious metal, he points out that the Kingower nugget, weighing 1451b., was found only 13 feet below the surface, and tho Ballarat one, weighing 1851b., at a depth of 190 feet; while in order to show how fallacious aro the signs of thinning out which present themselves in reefs worked downwards by shafts, he mentions the case of a reef "which " had produced the enormous proportion " of 2ö0 ounces to the ton, at a depth " of 110 feet, after signs of exhaustion " had apparently been evinced at a higher " level." To these instances Sir Henry Barkly adds other examples of tho success which rewards a perseverance in deep sinking ; " examples," he remarles, " likely to exercise more influence on " the mining population than a Spanish " proverb of the sixteenth century." The Governor's letter is accompanied by a report from the Government Geo- logist entirely confirmatory of His Excellency's views, und not at all in accordance with received geological doc- trines. Mr. Selwyn naturally feels some hesitation in differing from so high an authority on all matters connected with geological science as Sir Roderick Murchison, but " feels convinced that " had he ever visited and personally " examined the gold districts of Victoria, " ho would have found in them sufficient " evidence to justify a very great modifi " cation, if not an entire change, in his " opinions respecting the probable per " manence of the yield, and the distribu " tion of gold in this colony, although " they may be, and probably are, per " fectly correct as regards these plic " nomena in other portions of the " globe." According to Mr. Selwyn, not one per cent, of our quartz reefs has yet been touched by the miner ; and the extraction of gold from them is likely, if properly conducted, to-proveas permanently profitable as tin and copper mining have proved in Great Britain. As to the supposition that the quartz veins become poorer the deeper they descend, ho affirms that there is no evidence whatovcr in Victoria which would on able us to state that any vein, rich at the surface, will, as a rule, either dio out or suddenly become unprofitable. Thus, for example, the rich quartz veins which traverse the Ballarat Basin crop out on Black Hill, at an elevation of 1,635 feet abovo the level of tho pea, while the southern extension of the same veins at Bakery Hill, a milo distant, has been struck, equally rich, under 130 feet of tertiary " gold- drift ; " and as Bakery Hill is only 1,294 feet above the sea lovel, it follows that the Blaok Hills might be followed down 474 feet, and then only worked on the level of the Bakory Hill surface. Mr. Selwyn oites four- in- stances of deep mining in Victoria, and one remarkable one in California, with iheir results. The Mariner's Reef, at Maryborough, is being worked at a depth of 400 feet, and the yield averages iliroughout from 15oz. to 20oz. to the ton. A shaft 250 feet has been sunk at Clunes, with overy indication of an un diminished yield. From the Victoria Beef, Bendigo, at a dopth of 150 feet, 205 tons of quartz have produced 2,473oz. of gold, while the Boxing Reef, at Steiglitz, was followed down 160 feet before any rich quartz was obtained. The Californian mino referred to, gave the following results : Yield of voin at 100 feet... 30 12 Do. 120 feet... 35 12 Bo. 140 feet... 80 l8 Do. 205 feet... 200 30 to 36 Finally, Mr. Selwyn places on re- cord his firm persuasion, that even as regards alluvial mining, as it is called, " no person now alive is at all likely to . " hear of this branch of gold-mining " only as a matter of history." The Gazette of last night notifies the return to the writ issued for tho election of a membor to forve in tho Legislativo Assombly of Victoria for the electoral district of West Bourke, in the place of Patrick Phelan, Esq., whose election for that district was doolared void by tho Comraittoo . of Elections and Qualihcations, and states that John Carro Riddell, Esq., was duly elected mom licr for tho said electoral district. In addition to other subscriptions on behalf of Dr. Milton, the following donations have boon received :-Mr. P. Archer, £2 ; Mr. Thompson, £1; Mr. Cooper, £1; Mr. R. Kerr, £1; Mr. Mollis, from tho Ladies' City Mission, ös. Also, from Mrs. Cooper mid Serjeant 1'owtress, liberal supplies of food. At an inquest hold yestordoy, by the City Co roncr, on tho body of a sailor who was found drowned in the Yarra, on Monday last,'tho jury, after positivo testimony that ho was soon walking about as late as tho Tuesday ovoning previous, re- corded a verdict that, on " Wednesday" lost, til o man was " accidentally drowned." Tho usual weekly meeting of tho Total Absti- nence Society was hold yesterday evening in tho TcmporancoIIall.andwaswollattended. Mr.Platt occupied tho chair. Mr. Yeats, Mr. Edward*, Mr. Rcadford, and others addressed tho mooting, Setting forth the advantages enjoyed l>y jh.0 alstemious over tho dissolute members of sooioty ; and at the eloso of tho>proceedings about a dozen '' porsons signed tho pledge. A petition to tho | Legislature against the principio embodied ia the Bill sought to be introduced by Mr. Michie to I amend tho Publicans Act, was brought forward and numerously signed. f ' As Mr. John How, a large squatter on the Murray, was driving through Elizabeth-street. . yesterday afternoon, a man of colour named Joseph Da Costa, a native of Bombay, in attempt- ing to cross tho road in front of the vehicle, wai i knocked down and sovorely injured on the kneo, (¡he wheel nearly going over his leg. He was at . once removed by Mr. How to the Melbourne Hospital. During Monday night somo thieves broke into the Sir Robert Nicklo Inn, at Hawthorne, and, after ransacking the place, decamped, taking | with them the contents of the till, amounting to £5 13s. lOd. in silver, also a piomissory noto for £5 10s., from one William Tilly, payable to tho I landlord (Mr. H. Eastwood), three bagatelle balls from the billiaid-i oom, tho lease and tho ' licence of tho promises, between 30 and 40 chooky, I anda large quantity of receipts, and other oqually | valueless documents. An entrance was effected i by breaking a pane of glass in the front window, | which was then opened by undoing the fastening j inside l l\o steps having boen taken in time to obtain , tho election of fresh members of the Pentridge District Hoad Board, the old members remain in j office for another year. A meeting of the rato- , ¡avers was held last evening at tho National t-chool- houso, Pontiidgo, for tho purpose of allowing tho Board an opportunity of making a public statement of accounts. Mr. Egan, iLuirman of the Board, and Mr. Anketell, ucasuror, each mado their several reports, which vero received with loudly expressed approbation. A vote of confidence in, and thanks to, tho íicscnt Board having boon unanimously oarriod, the mooting separated. The dishonesty evinced by Victorian insolvontä in preparing their schedules is curiously illus j tinted hythe following statistics :-During tho 2d days which ended on February 16 last, 07 ostato* were brought into the Insolvent Court with sworn assets amounting to ¿£62,118 14s. 9d., which were dividod between five Official Assig- nees. The Official Assignees' commission of 8 per cent, on these assets would amount to £4,260, and supposing the business dono on those days to be a fair avorngo, Chore would ho £51,283 9j. to divide between the five Assignees at tin end of a year of such work. How much the assets roally will amount to does not appear, bui u strong denial is givon by moro than one Official Assignee to tho presumption that their por-cont «go amounts to scarce a tithe of this prodigious i mount. Some considerable amusoment was occasioned jistcrday ¡n tlie Criminal Court by a httlo tcene which took plnco between Mr. Mnrtloy, tho Crown Prosocutor, and Mr. Ireland, who was ( uiducting tho défonce of Manoska, in the arson, («so. Mr. Martloy was re-examining Dotoctivo 1-nson, when Mr. Ireland thought propor to ia tcrfcro in tho course ho was taking. Mr. Martley thereupon expressod his desiio that Mr. Ireland would conduct his caso in an ordorly manner, i nd not take the opportunity of importing an 1 nsh row into tho proceedings. Mr. Iroland re- joined, and hoped that ho would never rosomblo ono of his countrymen in tho manner ho con- ducted his case. As this observation loft no doubt for whom it was intended, it was at onse followed by general laughter at the íoinark. Tho case of Aba Mnnaskn, who was charged, v-itli setting fire to the St. Kilda Club Hotol, oa tho 3rd Docembcr last, carno on yesterday, in the Criminal Court, and resulted, in conscquonce of two of tho principal witnesses for tho prose- cution not being forthcoming, in his Honour directing tho prisonor to bo acquittod, aftor a considerable amount of evidence, the hearing of which occupied several hours, had been gone into. The services of Signor and Signora Bianchi, assisted by Mr. Farquharson and Mr. Winter- bottom, have (says the Advertiser) been scoured for an evening in Geelong (on their way to Ballarat). This celebrated company of musical artistes will give a grand vocal and j instrumental concert on Thursday evening luxt, in the hall of tho Mechanics' Institute. This will certainly be the best achievement stand- ing to the credit of Mr. Stitt Jenkins and his Recreativo Society. Mr. W. H. Mnddooks took a benefit lait night at the Theatro Royal. " Paint Heart novor won Kuir Lady " was tho first piece, in which Mrs. Cluranco Holt, Mrs. Jackson, and Mr. Edwards appeared. Mi'. Maddocks had selected tho character of Shylock for his own appoaranco, and vith considerable judgmont, for it hdccidodly Hie best of his Shaksperiau conceptions. Dovoid of Hint and exaggeration, it possesses earnestness v itliout affectation. Mr. Maddocks has also a correct gesture and boaring ; and won no littlo npplauso from, wo regret to add, a very small uudienco. Mrs. Holt played Portia well, Hor elocution and improssivo feeling in tho trial scc.no woro no moro than wo expected from hor talonts. Mr. Edwards, as Oratiano, was un- usually spirited and vivacious. 