JEITI8H ft FO&BIGtff; MI8CELLANY. (Compiled from the,íate8t Papera.) Hr. France, the shipper of the cargo of bones from Sebastopol,, about, which painful statements were' recently in. circulation, writes to the Time* from Odessa:-"As shippers of the cargo in! question, and many others both prior and since, I hasten, to «sure you that the bones are cattle bones, collected from the sites of the late encamp- ment, andnot from the graveyards. I assure you the graveyards ire held as sacred as any in England,, both by the State and people, and any offence to them could not pass without being severely punished. Our Government, not. unmindful, in this parti- cular, have, at semi- annuals periods, des- patched our excellent Vice-Consul to inspect them who, I believe, has always had to give very satisfactory reports, and has already earned for himself the cognomen of ' Old Mortality,' from the numerous gravestone»' received and deposited by him on the graves. Trees are to be shortly planted round Cathcatt's Hill, owing to the liberality of a near relative of the late Mr. Newman, of the Guards. Of the fleet sunk at Seba- stopol, only one vessel raised up to the present has been considered worthy of reparation, viz., steamer Turle, which is now being reconstructed at Nicolaicf. From the quantity of materials collected since the Allies left the Crimea, a faint idea may be formed as to the immense amount consumed. About 2000 tons of broken cannon have been dug out of the debris of the fortifica- tions, which I havo sent home to be I trust 1 converted into ploughshares, and upwards of 15,000 tons of brokenshot and shell have been collected; the major partof which remains for sale."-A church is about to be erected by the Russian, Government near Inker- mann,' the funds for which are supplied by the sale of the cannon-balls picked up. During the recent representation of a ballet in the theatre of 'Proviso, in the Venetian provinces, the consummate agility and artistic feeling displayed by one of the per- formers were euch as to evoke the most rapturous expressions of applause. Accord- ing to custom, the stage was inundated with a shower of wreaths and bouquets. The girl selected from the floral tribute which lay at her feet three wreaths-one green, the other red, and the third white-blended them together, and, advancing to the footlights, made grateful acknowledgment of the en- thusiastic plaudits of the multitude, and with fervid significance pressed the national colours to her bosom. The effect may be conceived. The public responded to the demonstration with the rapid and spontane- ous vehemence of the south. The symbol of Italian independence was greeted with frenzied and deafening acclamations. On 'the following morning the father of tho girl was summoned before the police, but was dismissed with an admonition. The piece was announced for repetition. On the second performance, the first acknowledg- ment of the dancer's skill was an enormous group of yellow immortelles, bound with a black silk ribbon of conspicuous dimensions. In obedience to her orders, the girl advanced, as on the first occasion, exhibited tho black and yellow emblem to the view of the whole house,' and then deliberately placed it under her feet. The outburst that followed baffles all description, and ended in tho abrupt ter- mination of the performances and the closing of the'theatre for the remainder of tho sea- son.-The festivities in honor of Prince. Alfred's (of England) visit to Athens wore brought to a close on the lGth November, by a ball at the English Lega- tion, at which the King and Queen of Greece were present. ' The circumstance of the King ' and Queen never having before honored tho English Logation with their presence, besides the attraction of his Royal Highness, who had made it his residence during.the week he spent at Athens, created no inconsiderable sensation that evening in the town. The invitations included all the officials of the Court. Tho ball was opened by her Majesty dancing a quadrille with his Royal Highness Prince Alfred, and the King with Miss Wyse. ' During the evening, Prince Alfred was naturally the subject of attraction. All were charmed, as at the Royal ball on the previous Monday, by his unaffected'simplicity, the hearty manner in which ho seemed to enjoy the dancing, aud the interest he took about his fellow-mid- shipmen, who had mustered in great force from the Euryalus, as well as from H.M.S. Liffey, now at the Pirasus.^-A new crater opened at the foot of Vesuvius on the night of the 23rd December, from which two streams of lava aro flowing rapidly. On the 25th a portion of the upper crater of Vesuvius fell in, in the direction of Pompeii, as also towards tho Her- mitage. On the same day five currents of lava broke out at the foot of tho crater, and procoeded like a stream of water. The Paria corresponden c of a Glasgow paper states that Mdmo. Howard, celebrated for her intimacy with tho French Emperor previous to his marriage, and on whom he bestowed a handsome income immediately previous to that event, afterwards married the son of Sir John Trelawney, and now, after a separation of some time from her husband (on whom she had settled by con- tract about £2200 a year,) the lady is taking measures to secure a divorce. Unless hushed up, the case may bring up pastcircumstauces not at all agreeable for high porsonages. M. Vires, the Black Doctor and cancor curer, has been put on his trial in Paris for illegally practising medicine and pharmaoy, and swindling. His examination has af- forded amusing iustauces of his shifty genius and the inquisitorial method of French procedure. Ho han boon condemned by tho Tribunal of Correctional Police to undergo 15 months' imprisonment, and to pay a fine of 500 fra Hero is an in ctanco of tho condemnation of a quack doctor, and it is only a pity that pun- ishment cannot bo moro frequently ex- tended to other offenders of this class. The Breslau Gazette states that a custom- house officor, stationed on the frontier of Upper Silesia, was latoly surprised by a band of smugglers, who tiod him to a tree in a thick forest, and abandoned him to his fate. The unfortunate man was found some days after in that position ; all the flesh was torn off his shoulders, and it is supposod that, boing rendered dosporate by luingur, he had, before he died, gnawod thora. From Mexico we havo further intelligence respecting the interference of H.M.S. Ame- thyst in favour of the British consul, who is kept imprisoned by Conoiwlo and Rosas. Captain Grenfell, of the Amethyst, had seized'two Mexioan cotton-laden ships, and threatens to seize moro if Mr. Allsop is not delivered up ; but such is the state of Mexico, that tho Governor of Stealoa pro fessos to have no means of inducing a com- pliance with Captain GrcnfeU'sdemands Accounts from Strasburg state that the late severity of the weather did not interrupt fie immense works which uro being con- structed to connect tho town of Strasburg with Kehl, on the other side of tho Rhino. Tho portion of the works to ho executed by tho Bidon engineers will, it is expected, bo concluded in a few months. The French engineers have accomplished theil' part, ami if ii hoped that the bridge over I he Rhino will be opened in Oetoio next.-The nsw cigar-shiiped steamer, projuctod by Messrs. Winans, of Baltimore, is said to have made » very satisfactory trial trip, attaining a speed of fifteen knots an * hour.--The ' Saint Public of Lyons says :-" A petition addressed to the Senate is now being signed by thö female operatives in this city, in which tho petitioners pray that all men who attain the ago of forty without. marrying may be compelled to . pay. a .-tax as unproductive 'members of society." Mr. Gowen, the American contractor for re- moving tho obstructions from Sebastopol harbour, Las now finished his work with the outer line of sunken vessels, so that they do not obstruct navigation. The large frigate Vladimir was successfully raised on the 14th of October,-The dry dock at Mauritius is now open. The Sarah Sands was the first ship that entered it. A ship 365 feet in length can be accommodated there. The dock is 80 feet wide- at the top, and forty feet wide at the bottom. Its depth from surface of high water is 23 feet. Tho water is pumped out in two hours and a half. A considerable degree of interest is being excited in French military circles by the exclusive adoption quite recently of the celebrated breech-loading weapon called Zundnadel Gewehr, or needle-gun, through- out tho wholo infantry of Frussia.-M. Questel, proprietor of the Cafo de Foy at Paris, has died from a rather remarkable caiîse. During the very severe weather he went down to visit his ice-well, in order to superintend the arrangements for getting a good supply for next summer, when he was overcomo by the cold and died a short time after.-Tho appeal to the Court of Cassa- tion of Mdme. Lemoine against the sentence to 20 years' hard labour, pronounced on her by the Court of Assizes of Tours for burning alive her daughter's illegitimate child, carno on in Paris on tho 13th January. As is always the case in appeals to the Court of Cassation, it was based entirely on techni- cal grounds. The Court decided, that the reasons assigned were not sufficient to inva- lidate the condemnation, and rejected the appeal.-The details of the dreadful loss of the clipper ship, Flora Templo, Captain Johnson, master, from Macao for Havannah, have come to hand, from whick it appears, that the '»hole of tho unhappy creatures onboard, Coolie labourers,number- ing eight hundred and fifty, perished. The Earl of Guildford and Lord Lyndhurst aro entitled, in point of years, to claim pre- cedence over their brother peers. They have both reached the ripe age of 87. Fol- lowing close are Viscount Combermere and the Earl of Charlemont, who are respectively aged 85 and 84 The heir of the latter is in his 80th year. Sixteen peers of Parliament have reached tho age of 80, or have passed it. Lord Brougham is among these Nestors of the State, being in his 81st year. The oldest member of the House of Commons is Sir Charles M. Burrel, the member for Now Shoreham, who is in his 85th year. Lord Palmerston is 75 ; Lord John Russell is 67 ; Mr Disraeli, 54 ; Mr. Cobden, 55 ; and Mr. Bright, 48. Lord Campbell is the oldest judge upon tho English Bench. Ho is 78 years of age. Sir James Willes is the youngest, being only 44. The Irish Bench is graced by the presence of tho oldest and the youngest judge in the United Kingdom -the Right Hon. Thomas Lefroy, Chief .Justice of the Queen's Bench, aged 83, and the Right Hon. William Keogh, aged 42. An on dit from the camp at Aldershott, states, that Colonel H., who is a rigid disci- plinarian, lately issued an order that the men's hair should be cut closer; next morn- ing, on parado, ho pointed out four fellows whoso hair had not been cut close enough, and on the following day called tho same men to the front, when a titter ran through tho company which soon broke out into a decided laugh. On the four men being directed to take off their caps, they presented four bare skulls, having cut their hair as close as if their hoads had been shaved. The gallant colonel good humouredly joined in the laugh, but afterwards said he should not Uko strangers to bo laughing at them, and then ordered tho four men to be confined to their barracks for six weeks, when it might be supposed their hair would bo grown suf- ficiently long for them to appear in public. The men did not anticipate such an end to their joking.-Tho Court Circular alleges, that Madame Jenny Lind Goldschmidt has made up hor mind to appropriate no small portion of her fortune to the endowment and erection of an asylum for decayed singers upon the principle of the Dramatic College. -The Nonoich Pott makes an appeal on behalf of an aged woman, an inmate of the Sudbury workhouse, who is known as tho " Widow of Trafalgar." Sho was present at tho famous battle of Trafalgar, having ac- companied her husband, who was one of Lord Nelson's soamen. The Admiralty was applied to on behalf of the widow, but offi- cial etiquette rejected her claim-A young lady received the ordinance of baptism by immersion at Bampton, Oxfordshire, a few days ago. A mill-stream was selected for the celebration of the rite, and tho ice had to be broken and removed, so as to permit the immersion to take place.--The num. bcr of distinct operations required in the construction of an Enfield rifle is said to amount to 769.-A woman named Eliza- beth Roid, died at Ballyleany, near Rich-hill on the. 25th Dec, at the advanced ago of ono hundred and five years, leaving an offspring of forty grand-children and about one hundred great-grandchildren, Sho had good health tO'within tho last few days. John Plummer, a factory operative, residing in Kettering, was a few days since presented with £40 from tho Quoeu's bounty fund to literary men, for tho several productions from his pen.-A cargo of rifles which ar- rived at Queenstown the ' week before last, and which was represented as a gift from tho Americans to Garibaldi, is described as " a strictly mercantile advunture." -- The Board of Trade have issued the official re- port on the inquiry into the loss of the Par- ramatta, wreckod on the 30th of June last, on a roof called Horseshoe, lying off the Island of Anegada. The report attributes the loss of tho ship to the default of Captain Baynton, hor commander, and the Board of Trade have, in consequence, directed that his certificate bo suspended for 12 months. Gas has been recently introduced into a vil- lage in the neighborhood of Kilmarnock. A local journal states that one of the older inhabitants, a weaver, beforo going to bed,' was instructed by his hotter half to put out tho light. Ile adopted the method most na- tural to tho unsophisticated, and blew, tho flame out. During the night the couple woro awakened, and became conscious ol' a nauseous smell, who ti the weaver rose .to light the gas and ascertain the cause. Some how or other his beard, which had long beert a stranger to tho barber, caught fire, and the gudowife, starting up, seized a pot, which she thought was full of water, and cast its contents, in the shape of thin paste, upon the devoted faco of her husband. She not only extinguished tho flame, but, for tho timo being, put out his light, and put him half out of his senses by her mistaken exer- tions. -- A seal-yclopt tho '? Talking Fish "-which was stud to have possessed the power nf speech, diod on the 21st Do combov, Throo causes seam to have helped bim out of life-bad water, bad air, and bad diet. Many a man has died from loss.— While with one hand the emperor promises to shiver the fetters of French commerce, and defies that Protectionist interest which has always supposed itself a match for any government, however powerful, with the other he undertakes to suppress tho most influential clerical association in France, and thus flings down his gauntlet at the feet of his Ultramontane priesthood, and dares them to do their worst. A despatch from Paris, " dated the 15th of January, says:-"It is stated that tho French go- vernment is about to proceed against the Society of St. Vincent de' Paul, the most important Catholic charitable association in France, and that the Minister of the Interior has already informed all the public func- tionaries that they must choose between re- maining members of that association and retaining their office of public functionaries." -" It is stated,", says the Pays, " that, owing to the increasing importance of the French establishments in Oceania, there is some idea of modifying the organisation of the possessions in that part of the .world, so that for the future there shall be two dis- tinct divisions, each having its own gover- nor. The first would comprise Tahiti, the Marquesas, and neighboring islands; and the second, New Caledonia and its dependen- cies."-The English Church in Paris, where the Rev. Archer Gurney officiates, has been closed by the Minister of Public Worship. It had been open since 1857, of course with the consent of the government. Three months ago, Mr. Gurney determined to have a service in French to meet the wants of his Anglo-French congregation. For threo months this service continued ; but on Jan. 7 officers were sent to- close the church. By great exertions on the part of Mr. Gurney and Mr. William Grey, charge d'affaires in Lord Cowley's absence, permis- sion was obtained from M. Rouland, the Minister, to keep the church open for the following Sunday only, but on condition that the French service should be given up. Mr, Gurney has appealed from the minister direct to the emperor. There is no doubt that Mr. Gurney's petition will bo granted. The chapel seems to have been closed in consequence of that gentleman's having neglected , to comply with some for- mality required by the French law. In our last we referred to the great amount of sympathy displayed by the Northern States for the victims of the Harper's Ferry insurrection. This sympathy was exempli- fied iu a most remarkable manner along the route by which the co'rpso of John Brown was carried " from the foot of the gallows to its grave among the suowsoftho Vermont mountains." Harper's Ferry is close upon the frontier between Virginia and Maryland, and within a few miles of the Pennsylvania territory ; and the Vermont mountains border upon Canada. The body was in charge of Brown's wife, who insisted upon performing the duty. She was escorted dur- ing the whole journey by a large number of porsons. At the various resting places and stations, crowds gathered and formed funeral processions, speeches were made, &c.; Throughout tho route lhere were no expen- ses. Money had been sent for the purpose to Brown himself, and he had arranged everything"; but willing services were ren- dered everywhere without pay.-On the 17th of December a great event occurred in Canada. The Victoria-bridge, the greatest work of Robert Stephenson, was on thal day opened for traffic. Seven years and upwards have been consumed in the con- struction of this wonderful bridge, and at las1, a train has passed over it, and the St. Lawrence i : no longer an obstacle to free communication between the Canadas and the United States. This bridgo is the most magnificent work of the kind in existence ; for, although within our own island we have the bridge across the Menai Straits, yet in every point the Victoria-bridge is far su- perior. The St. Lawrence, as may readily be seen by a reference to the map, together with the great chain of lakes, actually divides North America in two, from the Rocky Mountains to Now Brunswick. Thcro, is, indeed, an admirably planned wooden bridge at Niagara, but it is not to bo mentioned as a rival of the stupendous achievement at Montreal. Tho provinces of the North American Union are now so intimately connected by iron lines that all that was wanting to bring the Union into closo communication with Canada was to span the Se. Lawrance, and this has now been done. It must be remembered that, independently of the engineering difficulties of this undertaking, the work had to be carried on in a climate which for many months of the year is almost Arctic in its severity. It is said, however, that no iron tubes, despite of these drawbacks, have ever boon put together more scientifically or securely, and that never has stone been heaped upon stone with greater care to insure durability than in the ease of the Victoria bridge. To Robert Stephenson is due the merit of the conception of the bridge ; to Messrs. Peto and Brassey the praise which belongs to the contractors for such a work when successfully executed. "It is reported in woll-informed circles," says the 'Levant Herald,' " that M. do Lesseps has received, for the present at all events, a definitive answer to his renewed appeals, or rather demands, to the Porte. The Imperial government, it is said, has intimated its unalterable determination to entertain no further applications in the mat- ter till conflicting foreign interests and views on tho subject have been in some way har- monised ; and even then it gives no pledge whatover that its own action will be in- fluenced by anything but a due and proper regard to imperial intorests, be the accord that may bo come to on the subject by other Powers what it may.-Garibaldi, though not yet restored to an official position, has not ceased during tho past month to attract a largo share of attention. Iii bim, per- haps,, more than even in Victor Emmanuel, aro tho hopes of the Italians centred. Ile has recently been in Turin, and his presence there gavo rise to a rumour that he was to be appointed Inspector-Gcuoial of the National Guard of Lombardy ; but the ru- mour proved unfounded. Ile had also buen induced to accept the presidoucy of a society culled the Nazionc Armata, but at tho re- quest of ti e king anti ministry he dissolved the society, and published tho following proclamation. "To tho Italians:-Sum- moned by some of my friends to try tho part of conciliator between all tho fractions of the Italian Liberal party, I was invited to accept the presidency of a society to be called tho Armed Nation. But, as the armed Italian nation is a fact that terrifies cvorything disloyal, corrupting, and tyran- nical, whether in Italy or out of it, the crowd of modern Jesuits has become alarmed and cried out " Anathema 1" The govern- ment of the gallant king has been impor- tuned by the alarmists, and in order not to compromiso it I have decided on abandoning the noble object proposed to us. With the unanimous assent of all the mombors of the society, I declare, then, the Socioty of the Armed Nation dissolved, and I invite every Italian that loves his country to assist by his subscription towards the acquisition of a million muskets. If, with a million muôkets, Italy, in presonco of the foreigner, should bo incapable of anning amilliou sol- diers, we should havo to despair of humani- ty. Let Italy arra, and sho will bo free." " Where all tho toys como from?" is a ques- tion which a paper in,' Once a Week ' thus answers :-The vast majority aro mado at Grilnh.iipschor, in Saxony. Tho glass comob from Bohemia. Tho bottlos and cups are so fragile that the poor workman has to labour iu a confined and vitiated atmosphere which cuts him oil'at 35 years of age. . AU ai'tioles that contaiu auy metal are the produce of Nuremberg and the surrounding district. This old city has always been ono of the chief centres of German metal work. The workers in gold and silver of the place havo long been famous, and thoir iron-work is unique. This specialty has now descended to toys. Here all toy printing-presses, with their types, are manufactured; magic lan- terns ; magnetic toys, such as ducks and fish, that are attracted by the magnet ; mo chanical toys, such as running mice, and conjuring tricks, also come from Nuremberg. The old city is pre-eminent in all kinds of toy diablerie. Here science puts on the con- juror's jacket, and we havo a manifestation of the Germanesque spirit of which their Al- bert Durer was the embodiment. The more solid articles which attract boyhood, such as boxes of bricks, buildings, &c;, of plain wood come from Grunhainscher, in Saxony. The Londoners alone are capable of making the finest and most expressive dolls. The French, clever as they are, cannot touch us here. Some of the higher class English dolls aro perfect models ; the eyes aro full of expression, and the hair' is set on like naturo itself. The faces are originally moulded in clay, and the wax is put 'on in successive layers. The highest class of workmen alone are capable of this kind of work. The beauty of Grecian sculpture is ascribed to tho fino natural forms which their artists had to copy. Possibly we owe to tho beauty of our women, in a like manner, our superiority in dolls,, which now rank almost as works of art.-The wife of Mr. J. H. Gurney, M.P. for King's Lynn, has eloped with one of tho family domestics. The lady has a fortune in her own right of £500,000. Proceedings havo been commenced with a view to a divorce. The journals announce the death of a Mrs. Anne Wallingford. This lady was formerly the beautiful and celebrated Anne Roch forth, with whom George the Fourth, when Prince of Wales, was madly in love. The use of the sewing-machino is becoming universal in the United States. " The cam- bric needle," says a New York paper, " the little deadly instrument that has worn out so many lives, has now almost fallen from the hands of everybody whom it can hurt. Ladies of leisure still thread their old fashioned needles to "hem a handkerchief or ombroider a collar ; but the great army of sewers now drive their needles, not with fingers of flesh and blood, but of iron and steel. The introduction of tho sowing ma- chine into the family is already producing a social revolution. It is the most cfliciont of agents to lighten woman's toils that has over been devised in modern years."-In an interesting account of the Mcclintock expedition to the Arctic regions, which ap- pears in the first number of the Cornhill Magazine, it is stated that the spirits in the thermometer occas'onally descended as low as 40 deg. below zero of Fahrenheit's scale, thus indicating (-40 plus 32), 72 degrees of frost I At a point above this, viz., 71 deg. of Fahrenheit, quicksilver is frozen ; spirit however, is never congealed by the intensest cold. Eighty degrees of frost, or-48 of Fahrenheit, was registered by Captain Mcclintock and his crew, at the beginning of 1859.-The Kentish Observer records the elopement of the wife of Mr. Smith Ban- nerman (a gentleman ot large property liv at Hunton, near Maidstone) with the Rev. A. W. Green, curate to the Rev. Canon Moore, at Hunton.. It seems that the fact was discovered by Mr. Bannerman on his return from a day's hunting ; and there can be no doubt that the olopement had been planned many weeks before, and only put off for a favorable opportunity. The lady has property in her own right amounting to £100,000. .Nearly £400 has i)con subscribed for the statue to Dr. Isaac Watts, in tho public park at Southampton, Dr. Watts' native town. Mr. Lucas, the sculptor, has com- menced the statue, which will be above life size, and, with the pedestal, will stand 20 feet high. About £200 moro is required to be subscribed by the public.-The Cana- dian Netos says that another Arctic expedi- tion is " preparing to start* next spring. Dr. 1.1. Hayes, the surgeon of the Kane ex- pedition, will be at the head of it, and it will be entirely sustained by the scientific associations of the United States, who havo entered into it with'great interest. The leading object will bo to complete the ex- plorations commenced by Dr. Kauo, and settle the question of the open Polar Sea and the other scientific problems connected with it. The French Geographical Society and other eminent societios have oxpressed a wish to contribute to the funds for this ex- pedition, but there is an ambition to make it exclusively American. Tho amount re- quired is only 30,000 dollars. As there is no reason for following the courso of former explorations again, Dr. Hayes proposes to push rapidly up the Kennedy Chan- nel, and directly on towards the pole, with as little delay as possible. Curious statistics to those fond of such food aro discovered in the pages of the "London Directory" for I860. We subjoin a few figures, which do not pretend to strict accu- racy, but to approximation only. Tho thirsty souls of London need have no fear of becom- ing thirstier as long as there are upwards of 4000 public-houses and 1000 wine merchants to ministor to their deathless thirst. The bread to this enormous quantity of sack is represented by 2500 bakers, 1700 butchers, not including pork-butchers, 2600 tea-dealers and grocers, 1260 coffee-room keepers, nearly 1500 dairymen, and 1350 tobacconists. To look after tho digestion of this onormous amount of food upwards of 2400 duly licensed practitioners, surgeons, and physi- cians arc daily running to and fro through this mighty metropolis, whoso patients, in due course of time and physic, are handed over lo the tender mercies of 500 under- takers. Nearly 3000 boot and shoe makers add their aid to that of the doctor to keep our feet dry and warm, while 2050 tailors do as much for the rost of our bodies. The wants of the fairer portion of the population aro supplied by 1080 lincndrapers and 1560 millincis and dressmakers, not, of course, including those poor creatures who, like Sarah Dyer, " stitch, stitch, stitch" over " soam and gusset and band" without hope, and often without recompense. Of thom this book speaks not; it spoaks only of those who have fixed and known abode. 1540 privato schools talco charge of our c'.iildron, 2! 0 pawnbrokers' shops find em- ployment and profit out of tho reversos, follies, and vices of tho community. About 300,000 houses givo sholtor to upwards of 2,500,000 of people, whoso little differences are aggravated or settled by upwards of 3000 attorneys and 3900 barristers. The spiritual wants of this mighty aggregate of human souls are cared for by 930 clergymon and Dissenting ministers, who respectively pre- sido over 426 ohurohes, and 423 chapels, of which latter buildings the Independents have 121, tho Baptists 100, tho Wesloyans 77, tho Roman Catholics 29, the Calvinista and English Prosbytorians 10 each, the Quakers 7, and the Jews 10, tho numerous other sects being content with uumbers varying from ono to fivo each.-Tho Dublin Protestant Association recently hold an anti-Papal mooting. Sir E. Grogan, M.P., was in tho chair. He accused the Roman Catholio orators of making use of treasonable language towards the Qucon and Constitution. Hu advised the ¡uterleieuce oí the.AUorney-Goaeral, A résolution wa3 adopted, charging the Romanists with trea- son, and asserting that Popery could end in nothing else. The speakers alluded to the battle of the Boyne, declared themselves ready to take up arms for the Queen, urged that measures of Catholic Emancipation had laden the country with heavy guilt, and par- ticularly declaimed against the Emperor of the French Another resolution was adopted announcing that it was the duty of the Go- vernment to arm the people to resist inva- sion.-In a communication recently ad- dressed to the Board of Trade by the Penin- sular and Oriental Company, they state that they have now 55 sea-going steam vessels, 50 of which aro constantly running ; that in one year these vessels ran a distance1 of' more than 1,200,000 nautical miles ; that during the last 20 years they have conveyed 100,000 passengers, the voyages in many cases occupying six to eight weeks, and only five lives have been lost through casualties to tho ships. The risk of the navigation of tho company's ships was estimated by marine insurance companies at six guineas per cent., but during the 10 years in which the company have insured their own vessels their loss has only amounted to £1 3s. 4d. per cent.-On the 7th of January the colossal marble statue of the late General Sir Charles Napier at St. Paul's Cathedral, was uncovered. Tho general is represented in a standing position, with a burst cannon for the support of tho statue. The dress is the ordinary undress of an officer, but the figure has a military cloak depending from tbo shoulders. On the breast is the handsome star which the de- ceased roceived for his exploits in India. His left hand rests upon his sword, and his right hand holds a scroll of paper. The figure is beautifully executed in tho purest Carrara marble.-Newstead Abbey,around which so many historical associations crowd, but which is most generally known from the fact that it once formed the noble heritage of " Childe Harold," will in a few days. Owing to the death of Colonel Wildman, fall under the hammer of the auctioneer. The Church of Rome omits no opportunity of regaining possession of those rich estates that once constituted the patrimonies of tho vairous religious fraternities scattered over England, and she will no doubt be found among the most active¡competitorsatthe sale. -Acorrespondenceon the subject of ghosts took place some time ago between Mr. Dickens and Mr. Howitt. The former sup- ported a theory which was little more than a misty elaboration of the usually accepted doctrine that ghosts are tho more projections of the fancy, to bo referred to a morbid or excited condition of the intellectual or emo- tional centres ; while the latter contended for the absolute and unequivocal existence of ghosts, as external, objective beings. In closing the correspondence Mr. Dickens ap- pears to havo requested that Mr. Howitt would bo good enough to point out to him some house said to be haunted. Mr. Howitt pointed out two-one at Cheshunt and one at Wellington, near Newcastle. Probably because it was the noarer place, Mr. Dickens chose to visit Cheshunt ; and to an account of this visit he devotes the whole of the Christmas number of his now periodical. The upshot of his story is not only that no ghost appfiircd to him, but that he could not find iu the whole neighbourhood a single person to whom a ghost ever had appeared. The conclusion drawn by Mr. Dickens there- fore is, that Mr. nowitt's instance has failed, and that his case has broken down. Mr. Howitt, however, is by no means of this opinion. Ho publishes "explanations" in a long letter addressed to the Critic, arguing that Mr. Dickens has been guilty of gross unfairness. In the midst of a great deal of solemn expostulation on the folly of ridi- culing the " theory of apparitions," the " ideas of spiritualism," the " science of pneumatology," &c;, we find with some dif- ficulty that Mr. Howitt has two reasons which he thinks especially tangible for re- jecting the conclusion of Mr. Dickens. The first reason is that the house .alleged to have been once haunted has recently been en- larged and repaired. This circumstance, in- deed, Mr. Dickens himself expressly states ; and Mr. Howitt maintains that it vitiates the whole case :-" The fact that the house is not haunted now is a mere accident, and if Mr. Dickens and his friends had ever ac- quainted themselves with the laws of pneu- matology, would havp been perfectly intel- ligible to them. Surely a ghost is not bound to remain in any particular spot for ovor ; surely he may be allowed to leave his accus- tomed haunt, just as much as Mr. Dickons and his friends wore at liberty to leave their own homes to go ghost hunting. I have given Mr. Dickons a perfectly parallel case, where a house known by me and numbers of other persons from actual observation for years, being partly pulled down and rebuilt, was wholly freed from tho visitation." So that in tho instanco at Cheshunt the ghost doubtless look its departure in consequence of the innovations of the builder and tho carpenter. In the second place, Mr. Howitt maintains that tho negativo testimony of Mr. Dickons as to the non- existenco of wit- nesses is worthless ; for ho, Mr. Howitt, is in possession of the positive testimony of many respectable persons. And, besides, did Mr. Dickens take the right way to find those who could bear testimony to the fact that the house had been once haunted ? No! he went down with a " knot of jolly fel- lows," had " a merry day," and so forth : " It would be wondeiful, when a set of jovial and quizzical authors and artists go down iuto the country, ready with a ludicrous array of rats, cats, old hats, rusty 'weather- cocks, and Ike3's, to laugh at the ghosts they professed to seek, that they might figurein a funny Christmas number, if they did find any sober old gentleman willing to incur their ridicule by confessing to the weakness of ghost faith. We know, somo of us, those in London tolerably high in art and literature who, whilst they affect to laugh at the superstition of belief in ghosts, really, like some other gentlemen to whom I should be sorry to comparo them " believe and tremble." What wonder then if the ghost hrînters in question found nothing?" These are the rensons for which, as Mr. Howitt thinks, the results of Mr. Dickens's visit prove nothing. 