PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. A STBIZE IK THE PAELOTJE. The wife of a distinguished private in one of the Civil Service Iiifle Corps has struck for an increase of housekeeping money; for [she says her husband comes home naw with such an enormous anDetite after having been two hours At drill, that it is utterly impos sible to provide the dinners for the same allowance that she has hitherto done. Suppers, too, were formerly au unknown thing in her establishment ; but now, regu larly three times a week, her lord and master complains oi being so hungry before going to bed, that the tray has to be brought up purposely for him. His consump tion is thre ) times greater thau it was before he became a volunteer. It is, therefore, under these indisputable factfr^-to prove which butchers' and bakers' bills can be brought forward in scores too formidable! to admit of a sneer, or^muchlessa denial— that an increase of tbe beme estimates has been peremptorily demanded; and we believe 'hat matters hive reached such an alarm'ng height in tbe establishment in question, that the lady found it necessary to make a special appeal to her re spected mother in-law to induce her to interfere ia tho matter, with a view of arbitrating upon it, and g tting it properly settled as it ought to be. It was ody yetterday, we are informed, that this poor unfortunate volunteer, whose appetite is seem'ngly far bfjoad his control, finished a leg of mutton almost by hims'lf ; snd the worst 1b. with the small Government pittance which aa an underpaid Government olerk he draws, that this is a decree of voraciousness which he can ill afford. From the additional exercise that he has lately b;eu taking, his appetita has completely out grown the small size of his means, which at the best of times was always a tight fit; but now shortly it will be quite impossible for him, without palling' in a great deal, to make both ends meet, if he goes on much longer at the same extravagant rate. What with the drillinff he gets abroad, and the drilling he gets when he iroes h»me,his present Ufa will soon be too much for him though the latter it moat be confessed, though carried °ll f.01 .t.h8. P^e'^feverity, bas not the slightest effect in diminishing theenormotu powers of demoli tion sharpened to an Banatoral degrees by the former. FEBSOH AND ENGLISH MABBIAGB MABXET. Lowly woman appeirs to be a drug in the Parisian marriage market Young lions have been for some time shy of taking Uonessea to wife; and according to ' A petition addressed (0 the Senate is now being signed by th« female operatives in this elty, in which the petitioners pray that all men who attain the aga of «) without nurrymir msy ba compelled to psy a tax ai unproductive members of society.' The female operatives of Paris can hardly bo expected to have tha least idea of political economy ; fer. if they had any, they would be considerably wiser, not only than the malts of their dan, but than the vast majority of Frenchmen ; French statesmen inclusive. It is, there fore, natural that they should requsat tbe Legislature to encourage matrimony by imposing upon oelibacy a auty whieh they, doubtless, would wish to be rendered pro hibitive. Thair proposal to create a domand for wives by an artificial stimulant is not more absurd than the mercantile protectionism of thtir countrymen. How different and how much more eiiligtitentd is the conduct of our own young women, and how much more happy are its results. Ejglish girls, whOi« fathers are the constant readers of a press which devotes itself to the advocacy of so*nd commercial doctrine*, well know that a demand, whether for goods and chattels, or for hearts aad hand-, can only be tnaiotaiued by a satisfac tory supply. They koow that If sn article is unsaleable because it is inferior, no legislative interference will avail to promote its purchas ?? Accordingly they devote all their energies to that self-cnUlr«Uou which enables the-n to offer an attractive commodity. Tbeir days aro devoted, partly to storing their minds with useful know ledge, and acquiring domestio arts and pleasing ao corapliihmenU; partly to bodily exercise, with a view to the improvement of thair Blares, aad ib.3 enrichment ef their cheeks with a heilthy roseate bloom. Not only do the young wouiru uf England, high aud low, excel thoie of France in the knowledge and prac tice of that species of economy which is called political, bat also in personal frugality and thrift. S j that their moderation, in attire especially, is known to all men ; and the consiquen.w is, they are eagerly enquired for, aad experience uo difficulty whatever in disposing of them selves to tha best advantage. Whilst ths French sorts aie flit, they are buoyant ; whereas tbe foreign descriptions are heavy, natives are brisk and lively;. and when, in Paris, bleudes and brunettes are alike depiessed, in London th«y are looking up. Thus the catching daughters of England aro enabled to provide for them selves off their own hooks, and are not driven to stoop to the clumsy and humiliating expedient of begging Parliament to procure them unwilling husbands by the imposition of a bachelor-tax. COMIC CHRONOLOGY^ A TABLE SHOWIXO THK AXT1QUITV OF JOKKS. B.C. 999— The Sphinx invenw tue riddle ' When'* a door not a door?' Upwards of 10,000 live* are lost through inability to answer it, B.C. 950 -Archimedes asks Solon, ' Where was the first nail hit?' Wheret.1 Solon shows his wisdom by replying, ' On tho head ' B.C 878— Nero, on the point of setting fire to Rome, observes that ha inteuds to ' throw 11 light upou his subjects.' B.C. 850— At a supper party giv-m at tho house of Areopagus, tha fi»t attempts are made tj pun on tongue and trifle. B.C. 800— Sophocles, while takiug his usual constitu tional, is accosted by a wag wh.- asks him, ' Pray what makes more noise thau a piif under a gate ?' So crates spends upwards of teu minute* in reflec'.iou, and then replies be doesn't know, unless It be a babby, B.C. 799— The Joke of ' Who stole tha donkey ?' U introduced by Huctor, 011 observing that Achilles nan come out ia a white helmet. B.C.777-Quintus Curtius, preparing to plunso into the chasm, remarks, that though it looks like a good opening for a young man, he has vary littlo doubt that he'll be taken in and donj for. B.C. 690— Xantlppe, meeting Socrates at ai ovenlug party, astonishes the Ba^o by enquiring in a whisper, '* l^ yoar motliar so'-l her ma 'gle ?' B.C. 681— Julius Cauar invents the celebrated riddle, 'What smells most in a doctor's shop?' To which Scipio Africanus makes reply, '' 1 nose !' B.C. 655— Eparainondas is accosted by a small boy In the Forum, who asks him, ' Why a miller wears a white hat ?' Epimlnoudaa being nonplussed id com pelled to glvo it up ; whereat the small boy grins and says, ' It's 'cos he wantd to keep his head warm.'* B.C. 563— At a Civil Service Examination for the government of Athens, Euclid first propounds the pro blem, ' If a herring and a half can be bought for three halfpence, how many ctn be purchased for eleven pence?' Nineteen candidates are plucked though inca pacity to solve it. B.C. 500— The comic observation that ' Hsre we are again' is introduce! by Cubit's ghost at the meeting at Philippi. B.C. 458— Romulus, Inventor of tho riddle, asketh Remus, -'Where was Moses when the candle went out?' Kemus makes reply that; ha was in his skin, and adds that when Moses jumped out he (Kjmulus) mii?ht inmn in. PUXC1I V. BUBGOVNE. (In the matter of Line v. Volunteers.) ' Nothing liku leather,' quoth the currier In the old story. ' Nothing like Regulars,' says Sir John Burgojne, in his paper in the CornhiU Magazine, apropos of our ltitia Volunteern. One of Sir JoIiu'h principal rcMons for his rating any possible force of volunteers low in com parison with the rexular well-set-up, well- stocked, well packed Linesman or Guardsman, is the way in whict (according to Sir John) the former would suffer under the hardships of campaigning, tho fatlgua of tha march, the miseries of the wet bivouac, the short ra tioa.s, and other oreature discom'or'a tint real 6oldier ing bring't with it. Sir John hai in his head a certain ideal regular soldier, who can march further — stand more wet and cold— put up more cheerfully with a thin blanket, or occasion illy a wet ditch aud if) Mauker. at all— digest t .ugher beef, or go without beef altogether, more cheerfully uad with luss harm tJ himself— then the Rifle Volunteer. But where does Sir John find hifl ideal Regular? In what way does the Ufa of the Uegular soldier fit him to brave hardship and stand wear and tear better than the Volunteer. Are we U leok for this soldierly ideal among the ill lodged, publlc-houso-hauntin£, nurHomaid-conrtlug ranks of tho Guards? Gallant fellows Mr. Punch knows them to ha (witness Alma, Inkcrmann, and a thousand other well- fought fields) ; but strong-bodied fellows, tough fellows, windandweatherandhardshlp delying fellows, they certainly are not. Or is our ideal soldier to be sought rather in ths Line ? Mr. Punch's answer to that question may be gathered from a number of other questions he ventures to put. From what class is the Line recruited? Wnat are the habits of the average, private in tha Line? How is the Linesman lodged at home ? how abroad ? How is he fed? How is he clad? Whit ia the effect ot his barrack duties— of his night «uuds— of his ac cessibility to tbe temptations of the canteen, the bar rack-neighbouring trull-house, and beer-shop, with its singing and dancing rooms, its atmosphere of drink and-tobacco, aud its low excess ? Are tliene the In fluenced likely to harden bodies, any luoro than to Im prove souls? Do they particularly fit a man to face heavy work, long marches, a wet back, and an empty belly? What it tin fact, as irl'llcit.'d by I ho figurei co lect-Jd by tl(« Commission which reported on the sanitary condition of the Army in 1853? Why, tliU— that, comparing tba death-rate of ditfareut clansoH at sges between 20 and 4'), 17 Liiicsraeu and 20 Guards men die annually to eight agricultural labourers and out dcor workmen in towns, 10 nine printern, eight policemen, aud ten miners. But our Volunteer* ate not asrriculturiil labourers at ten shillings a wnek; nor printer.*!, shut up for long hours in the close atmos phere ot the composing-room ; nor policemen, liable to long spells of uight and day duty without shelter in all weathers; nor miners, subject to impure iilr and explosive gases in the pit, and to foul skinn aud dirty clothes, and too often filthy habitations out of 1-. Our Volunteers are the very thews und sinews of the popu lation—the pick and flower of the middle class, the young farmers and squires of our rural districts — tho tradesmen, aud merchants, and gentry, and clerks, of \- our cities. If the average of life umong the30 Volunteers could b- calculated, it would be found to give as a result against the 17 deaths to 1,000 of tin Line, aud 20 to 1,000 of the Guards— not tho eight deaths of tha la bourer and policeman, the nine of the printer, and the ten of the miner— but something like three or foui If not even fewer. Mr. Punch respectfully submits to Sir John Bur goyne, that for all purposes requiriuir endurance of' fatigue and exposure, tbe stamina of the Volunteer is likely, cateris paribut, to be to that of the regulm soldier ef the Line as 17 to four, and to that of the Guardsman as 20 to four; in other trordB, more than four times as tough arid durable. It is quite tine, as the Times has pointed out, that if you take any army, winnowed of its weak elements by campaigning, you will get an uncommonly stout residuum capable ef resisting almsst any amount of wear and tear; but Sir John Burgoyno's comparison la not QJ8 between volunteers and veterans, but between Volunteer* and Regular i. While these are tba elements of comparison, Air. Punch must still ba permitted to trust la hU own corps of Volunteers ( in all of them, he should say, being effective member of half a dozen and upwards) as far better, instead of worse, fitted to bear any amount of hard work, without breaking down, than an equal force of Regulars— be they Linesmen or be thay Uuardsmen. A riTRTSTV A R POTT.imE. Breathless maid-of-all-work to master of (he house (who has done a (food daj'g work, and has come borne toenjey himself) -H Please Sir here's the walls have bin aad called for their Christmas-boxes and as yon was uot at home they says they'll call again this hevenink and the beabls he ave bin and opes ss ow as you'll remember ol im and the pleaceman he ave called and when I told im you was hout he says it didn't siggerfy aeos he says as he could look yon hap at benny time and the turncock he ave bin and please Sir he ave left his most respeckful complimums and would be glad if you'll remember to remember im as usual and please ha opes he says as you'll bear in mind as there's an opper sitlon turncock as you oughu't not to give nothink acos this man he do all the work and have been hat it boff and hon nigh nine and thutty year which he says as iu a shame to hevtfae Cbrlsmas-boxes took out of bii mouth leastways that is his pocket and please Sir here's the sweep hev been a waltink down below and I guv him sonje oold meat and beer and biled pertators which he ave consumed and he ave left hit card and opes as you'll stump up leastways that was what he says but he dint tell me to mention it aud p'ease Sir here's some potry as was gav m« by a dustman which he said aa ow he were ths rejr'lar proper dustman and he hadn't been gone long when there come another rap aud please Sir when I hansers it I seea another dustman which e ands me this ere potry and says as ow please Sir he's tbe reg'lar dustman t'otherV.hou'T a himporsturer and' never as done nothink for you ana please Sir when he'd gone thne come an -thrr rap and ere'i another piece of potry which please Sir I'm to say as it's all his own tompojink and that the bother pair of dastmin was a couple of low blaggards and he ave left his card to show as he'* the mostest proper one and please Sir here's the newsman he ave left his complimums and his boy ave liketraya called and wished pertlekler for to see you and the grocer's cart ave been and axed for sometbin' seasonable and the butcher boy he wants to ave jist arf a word with yon acos he says as how hs've allus tun pert'ckler careful of your jints and have allus seen as you've been out up fair and andsome and han't ad your weight made up with bones an,d sichlike kitchlu stuff and please Sir here's the fireman .he've been kep a waitin and ave ad some bread and cheese and a couple of pots of beer which I'm a makink im some grog cos missns hsn't no obaniro and she said she knew you meant to give Im suthin and the baker he ave left his best respeata andll peraps look In tcmorrer and tbe doctor's boy have called aud opei you'll not forgit im and the milkman says aa how you allus hev remembrud of im and so he'll take the libaty oraiinjryou airin and please Sir a oold oomau as you bought a box 0* matches of she ave come and left her complimums and opes as you're quite well and shell call again tomorrer and please Sir here's the gravedigger leastways I means tbe sextintr be ave halso called to see you which I was to say he wishes you'll eBJy a merry Chrlstm'— - [Here master makes an ohseroUon which we dare net print, and when he slU down to his dinner Ends bis appetite has left him, Mom*i.- Such is life. WHE1T T0UND, TO BE MADE A NOTE OT. When yon find a policeman. COLLIER'S VABIOXT8 HEADINGS. Mr. Collier haa been appointed legal adviner to the Fleet. Wa suppose It is all right ; bnt any advice that we have ever heard tendered to a decent vessel by a collier has always been, of a description to make us wish we were a boatswain's mate in the neighbourhood ?f the counsellor. However, we should be sorry to see Collier get the sick in conseqaence of any fscetioua remark of ours, and we lose no time in hoping that be is not only up in Black-stone, but will prove a black dia mond. If not, tbe collier wl,H. know where to look for whlppers. v 0EO8SEJ) IK LOVE. The Hellespont, every time that Leanderiwam over it to meet bis heroine of a Hero, 