The Ovens and Murray Advertiser Published every Wednesday and Saturday. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27TH, 1860. SLAVERY YIELDING ITS FRUITS. AMERICA sowed Slavery, and watered, it with the tears, and the sweat, and the blood of immortal beings. The harvest-time of retributive justice has come upon her, and reap she must as she has sowed. The spirit of old John Brown has not lain still after all. The " Draco" of Slave Law thought that by throttling him " the man would die, and then an end," But 'tis not so, as ap- pears ; for the ghost of the martyr has assigned a meeting with his murderers at " Philippi." The warm life was ruthlessly crushed out of his noble heart, but the spiritual aroma attach- ing to his memory is indestructible. To the pro-slavery cause this man would have been less dangerous living than dead; for his death seems to have been the life of abolitionism. Scarcely has the altar on which he was sacrificed ceased to send its smoke wreathing upward to the sullen heavens, when the whole States of the Union are seething in violent fermentation. All of a sudden the Slave question is seized upon, and will be compelled to abide the issue of a final arbitrament. It is the inevitable conflict of repellant principles bound up in a politico- reli- gious question, which has never suffi- ciently interested the on-looking world. And even now, when it is being whirled on the eddies of a near catastrophe, the system, so rife of horror, is regarded as only a little episode not worthy of much attention amidst the action of the grand epic unrolling itself in the old world. But to a certain class of minds, which think not impotently either, but in the highest style of human nature, to men of warm, earnest hearts, and cool, clear heads, the pre- sent European commotions involve no contingency surpassing in importance the crisis impending in the West. It is easy being wise after the event, our readers will say ; but for years past we have, in common with many others, believed, as if on the word of an inspired messenger, that Slavery was the wedge destined to rend the Union ! If abolition cannot be obtained at less cost, let the rending be accomplished ; and the sooner the better. " If it be now, ' tis not to come; if it be not to come, it will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come; the readiness is all." By the latest accounts, it seems made certain of by the American Press that the political crisis was impending which in all probability would issue in desrupt- ing the States, and putting the North and South in attitudes of deadly hos- tility to each other. In November a new President falls to be elected. The North and South have each their can- didate—the one opposed to, and the other for slavery. If the North succeed with its abolition candidate, then, it is said, the South will rise and at once break up the Union. This rising, it is understood, will be an armed demonstra- tion. The white population of the Slave States are only about as one to three of the other States. Being so much in the minority, and to make the most of appearances, a very general turn out may be expected. But how, the while, is their three million and up- wards of slaves to be held in awe ? With a vigilence morbidly wakeful, every measure has been taken, which devilish craft could devise, to shut out the light of truth, moral and secular ; and, answerably to their condition otherwise, keeping the slaves blocked up in beastly ignorance. Radiations, we hope many of them, have scintellated through the gratings, and informed the slave mind that their destiny is under- going a revision, with many chances in their favor. Does the South calculate on the co-operation of the slaves in a desperate game, of which the stake is their own hopeless thraldom ? In some of the States they nearly equal, in others they actually outnumber, the white population. We are very curious to know what part is assigned to them in this projected rising of their owners and drivers. The New York Herald says :— "The crisis is very imminent. The dissolution of the Union is a fact al- ready determined on. Let us be pre- pared to meet the doom which trading politicians and crazy fanatics have pre- cipitated over the Republic." The " crazy fanatics" here charged with complicity in precipitating this "doom" are, we apprehend, such men as the Beechers—the Jays—the Welds—the Goodells, and many more of as notable miscreants, whose names need no vin- dication of ours. But we profess, with- out hesitation, to be far more compe- tent to pronounce sound judgment on this matter than the writer in the Herald. Distance only places us be- yond the disturbing influences of pre- judice and interest. And we know minutely the moral value of the testimo- ny of the witnesses on both sides of the question. Weld's, " Slavery as it is," has been before the public for the last 20 years without having had one of its vast collection of damnatory facts dis- proved, or even questioned. Goodell's " History of Slavery and Anti-slavery" for about a dozen years, and his "American Slave Trade,'' since 1853, have challenged contradiction, and stood impregnable as the prepositions and de- monstrations of Euclid's Geometry. Result what may from pending events, the fact will remain that those men, unjustly stigmatised as " crazy fanatics, are the very salt of American society" But for them and their life-long labours the Union, now only ripe for passing in fusion through the refiner's furnace, and taking on a higher impress, would have been ripe for irretrievable perdi- tion. American slavery has interposed an eclipse on human progress, total as regards herself, and projecting a penum- bra whose gloom, more or less, has sad- dened the moral atmosphere of all Christendom. As invariably happens, the people who have perpetrated the outrage, are themselves the worst suf- ferers thereby. Slavery, like a curse, is eating into their very souls, deaden- ing all the moral faculties, and indura- ting the heart. Its influence on youth is disastrous as unsparing blight to the spring. Rather than in the midst of the " domestic institution," it were better to bring up a family in a pesti- lent swamp, reeking with miasma, reso- nant with frogs, and alive with alliga- tors. We have marked instances, not a few, of men returning after having lived but a brief period in the Slave States, or so near that the influences emanating therefrom had lost but little of their deadliness. To our dismay, all of them, in a less or greater degree, had become pro-slavery men. This, at first sight, was a startling phenomena, but on closer inspection was soon com- prehended. It was only one particular manifestation of mind wholly deterio- rated. The fresh, living, foliation of the moral sentiments, brought out by early tuition, was all withered down as if the breath of a fiery sirocco had passed upon them. They stood among their fellow men as strongly marked and separate as are trees in the forest when scathed by lightning. No sec- tion of society—not even the ministers of religion, the burden of whose mes- sage is peace on earth and good will to man—can escape the brutalising infec- rion. What country in the known world, savage or civilised, but America could present spectacles so thoroughly beastly, as by themselves are admitted in the following extract: — " How many such disgraceful scenes occurred during the last six. months in the House of Representatives at Wash- ington ? They were too numerous to remember. They were almost of daily occurrence. It seemed to be a matter of the merest good fortune or of Pro- vidential interposition, that in the ex- citement over the contest for the Spea- kership, the weapons of calumny and abuse which were so freely used were not exchanged on the floor of the House for pistols and bowie knives, and that the torch was not then kindled which would have assuredly set the whole confederacy in a blaze. It was an under stood thing that members came to the House armed to the teeth, expecting from hour to hour that Helpe-ism quar- rels would break out into sanguinary encounters. On several occasions weapons, if not used, were exhibited. An honourable member from our own State, in the midst of a violent alterca- tion, exposed part of his armory by letting his pistol fall on the floor, and afterwards made a rediculous attempt to explain by stating that he carried weapons for protection against non- Congressional marauders. Another honorable member from Illinois pro- voked a colleague of his own by using opprobious epithets to him, and then, on a movement of the assailed party towards him, coolly reached back for the deadly weapon which lay on the sofa beside him ready to his hand." Much more of the like nature is con- tained in the article from which we quoted but let this suffice. Scenes of the above discription are impossible elsewhere, and it is but fair to attri- bute them to a cause which does not exist elsewhere. The maudlin non- sense uttered by the American Press on the subject of Slavery amounts to the sublime of monomaniaism:— " The simple truth is, that this con- test is between the anti-slavery senti- ment of the North and the pro-slavery sentiment of the South. It is the " irrepressible conflict ' proclaimed by W. H. Seward ; but it will not result, as he has proclaimed it, in making all the States free States or slave States. Far otherwise. The most probable result will be the withdrawal of the bulk of the slave States from the Union, sooner or later, peace or war. But it is possible that this conflict may be pro- longed until there shall appear a party strong enough, to maintain, slavery within the Union, not only as recog- nized by the compacts of the constitu- tion, but upon that high moral ground that, as existing in the United States, negro slavery is right, is good and proper, a divinely ordained institution." The conflict will be prolonged long enough in all conscience before any party will appear in force sufficient to coerce the human mind into the recog- nition of principles subversive alike of all divine truth, and the inalienable rights of humanity. The results fol- lowing on the success of the Abolition candidate are thus adumbrated. The degree of peversion at which educated men will arrive when blinded by party zeal is quite astounding :— " Put this republican party into the White House, and before it can be ousted it may compass the control of every department of the federal govern- ment. Then, the republican doctrine of negro equality would ne apt to assume a shape so revolting as to "pre- cipitate the South into a revolution, " the terrible consequences of which would defy all human calculations. And so, for the sake of the Union, and the peace of the Union, the suffrages of all Northern men devoted to the Union should be cast in the way best adapted to defeat Lincoln, whose election will be an anti-slavery triumph which may drive the South out of the Union. " The means of knowing being placed before us, it is accordingly required of all men to know, that if any one thing more than another is apparent in the moral government of the world it is that the principle of retributive justice obtains universally and in all time. Not to know this, or knowing to ignore it, is a matter affecting our own res- ponsibility, but takes nothing to do with the application of the Law. If men, in their individual or national capacity, by a certain course of conduct evolve a specific cause, it is no use trying to evade the consequence. Our American brethren have taken up a tremendous evil, have established it as a favourite institution, and are now to abide the issue. They have sown the wind, and who shall prevent that they reap the whirlwind? They have broken down a hedge, and who shall forbid that the serpent bite them ? It had beep infi- nitely more desirable that the abolition of Slavery in America had resulted from the recognition of the moral principles outraged by its existence. This were" the consummation devoutly to be wished." But no probability appeared of the approach of any such event., Nay, year after year it has receded like mirage from the region of our hope, till the spirit lately mani- fested by slave holders excluded it very possibility. Abolition had been beautiful as a concession back to humanity of its rights violently taken away. But since it is not to be ob- tained in the way of voluntary justice, it must just be taken at the price de- manded. Nothing can exceed our aversion to the spilling of human blood except it be our aversion to Slavery. The alternations are momentous, but we could choose without a moment's hesitation. In one way or another America will find herself struck by the invisible hand of One who is the aven- ger of such oppression as she has heaped upon the heads of an all-enduring race — their sable skinned brethren, inheritors with themselves of an immortal destiny. 