[COUSTOHICATED ] " ' :' " j THE head of our University has again appeared before the public as an orator, propounding theories for the social and moral improvement of his fellow- citizens^ Ho has communicated his views tb a School of Arts meeting at the Glebe, and the daily Press of the city has given . them, in substance, to the people of the colony. They are now, of course, public property, and as they come from such high official authority, and avowedly seek a complete revolution in the social habits of the people, it is as respectful as it is important that they should receive the fullest consideration. We shall therefore offer no apology for oar criticisms and strictures npon the sentiments of Dr. Woolley. We pro- pose to weigh them with the utmost candour, and to judge them without fear, favour, or malice. It is unnecessary that we should furnish an epitome of «ll that the Doctor is reported to have said. It would be wearisome and useless for us to reiterate here what is obviously true, old, and commonly received ; and we hope we \- shall not be considered ungenerous if we ab- stain from eulogising a few good common-place things, which the head of the University has spoken, as though they evidenced any remark- able ability, or conferred any very great obli '. gatton. It is our purpose to treat only of his . new propositions and schemes for effecting . social and moral changes in our community. . Let it tàdt be supposed, however, that, because we speak thus and dissent from Dr. Woolley on these points, we are opposed to everything new, ^ and think there is no necessity for any. social change. We only claim to con- sider whether Dr. Woolley's new propo ¿ sitions are good, and whether the social changes which he advocates are for ' the better, before wo can consent to lend even \- a tacit assent to them.. Some innocent people moy perhaps say, *' Why not leave Dr. ' Woolley's theories alone? They are only ideas,. v. and will do no harm." This is absurd, because . the institutions and habits of a free people are the result and practical embodiment of preva- lent ideas. The man who propounds and pro- pagates ideas amongst a people blessed with free institutions, is the primary agent in the ¡?.enactment ot their laws, and the formation of their social character and habits. And because Jt*»e think Dr. Woolley's "ideas" are fallacious, ISliiQçLuUerly subversive of the true social and < moral regeneration of the people, we feel ? ' bound to raise our voice in their condemna- tion. The newspaper reports do not furnish a full account of all that Dr. Woolley said at \- the Glebe meeting, and we have been at some pains to inform ourselves more perfectly through the reliable testimony of those who were jpresent. "We shall not. go much into matters of detail, but confine our attention chiefly to the great points of Dr. Woolley's speech. They are two, but are closely allie d in the relation of cause and effect. First, He proposes to change the character of Schools of '- Arts by making them " social" " rather than "oither.literary or educational" institutions. (We , quote from the report of the Sydney Morning . : Herald.) And secondly, he maintains that the3e institutions, with this new character will pro- vide for the " spiritual and moral wants" of the people, prevent them being " driven into ex . cesses of the most serious kind, bringing on themselves ia the end both misery amd degradation," and promote the social ."good and happiness of the cotnmu -nity. ? Having asserted that " social reunions were what were most required," he proceeds to shew how they are to be secured in connection with Schools of Arts, viz., by plea- sure gardens, if practicable, after the conti- nental fashion ; by a conversation and prome- nade room, open to both sexes, which, as we are" informed, 'he wishes should be used as a dancing saloon ; and, finally, by a smoking .. room. Now it is apparent, and needs no de-' monstration from us, that these propositions aim directly at revolutionising our Schools of Arts, by making them social and pleasure taking institutions, rather than literary and educational ones, as they now are ; and our British social habits, by tempting the people to seek their social pleasures and pastimes in the place of public resort rather than in the family circle. We believe this to be a fair and honest rendering of Dr. Woolley's utterances at the Glebe, snd on these positions we join issue with him. r It is scarcely necessary to shew that our Fchiols of Arts are strictly literary and educa- tional institutions. The laws of the "maternal institution in Pitt-street," as Dr. Woolley calls it, state that " tho object of the institution shall be the diffusion of scientific and other -' useful knowledge." These institutions are in- tended to furnish facilities to. the labouring classes to correct, as far as possible, the defí \- oieneies occasioned.by a want of early education, and to promote the growth of useful knowledge among men. Dr. Woolley contends that the " great social object" of furnishing "amusement in the evenings" is to be " looked at as the great merit attached to Schools of Arts ; rather than either their literary or educational character." The existing institutions provide no facilities for the carrying out of this their great and meritorious object, and hence the Doctor advocates the new appliances of pleasure gardens, promenade and dancing saloons, and smoking rooms. It is ' manifest that the learned Doctor contends for a -fundamental change in the character and ob- jects of our Schools of Arts ; and we hold that 'the chtnge would bo practically subversive'of the original design. It is a trite old saying, very current among pedagogues and professors, ; that" there is no royal road to learning." Pro-, . ficiency in knowledge is only acquired by hard : work. " Work when you work, and piny when you play" is a favourite injunction of tutorial gentlemen, as we very well remember, and is \- generally admitted - to bo one of great practical .wisdom. Work and play cannot go together. They are incompatible. Our present Schools of Arts are working institutions; Dr. Woolley would make them playing institutions: their . object is to promote the pursuit of scientific . and useful kaowledgo ; he would make them. rendezvous for social pleasures : they are in- tended to diffuse intelligence; he would have them adapted to promote gallantry and mirth : their great end is to cultivate and develop mind ; he would convert them into social re- formatories, in which the British people arc to be fashioned after the Continental model. We renture to entor our deliberate protest against this change, as decidedly injurious and destructive. The appendages of pleasure gardens, promenade and dancing saloons, with female associates and smoking- rooms, would be practically antagonistic to the library, the noding room and -tho classes. They would certainly overthrow these appliances of useful- ness upon which Schools of Arts now chiefly ¿«pend. No matter, for it is the Doctor's « flrm impression that the great means" of (he I improvement pf mankind .will "be found to be the"-constant communication, in all the j relations of life; between man and woman." The public, of course,-will not- be surprised if tba next new proposition of the head of the University should be the introduction of ladies into its classes. How can he'deny the young gentlemen - of the University this " great means" of improvement ? We now come to the second point on which we join issue with the learned Professor. He has an ulterior object in view in proposing to establish a new kind of Schools of Arts. He wishes to change the character and habits of British society, by destroying its family seclusion, its home predilections, and its ' select associations of friends, and establishing in their stead the common concourse, the public ren- dezvous, and general fraternisation. English society is too retiring, too exclusive ; it lives too rriuch apart and alone, and is lacking in the , common sympathy and brotherhood of conti- ' nental nations. This is the alleged fault of British society which needs to be corrected, and it is represented as the fruitful source of our social and moral evils. Dr. Woolley's " great means" fer remedying this huge and demorali- sing defect of British society Í3 the promiscuous concourseof men and women for evening amuse- ment in Schools of Arts, provided with facilities for promenading, dancing, and smoking ! ! This is a great revolutionary movement, or, it would be if it could be effected. Happily, as we think, it is yet only an unaccomplished theory. The reverend Doctor, however, quotes Scripture in support of it. He says, " there is the Divine word, ' It is not good for mah to be alone. * ! Now, if this quotation were really applicable to the purpose for which the Doctor employs it, there would be an end to our controversy, for we bow with unques- tioning submission to the "Divine word¿" But we do not admit the appositeness of the quotation. "God said, It is. not good for man to be alone" as a reason why he should make a woman to be his wife and most familiar friend,-a helpmeet for him. This is obviously a very different thing from that which Dr. Woolley quotes the passage to support,-the congregation of men and women in the public promenade and dancing saloon. The passage might , be properly cited against the conduct of those gentlemen who arrange that they and their wives shall reside at oppo- site sides of the globe, but it certainly cannot be understood as affording special countenance and encouragement to promiscuous assem- blages of men and women in public rendezvous, for evening amusement. If the reverend Doctor were a reverent student of Holy Scrip- ture, he would surely have quoted it more ap- propriately. We cannot admit that the head of the Uni- versity has Scripture authority for hi3 theory, though he has pleaded it with an evident air of triumph ; and, therefore, we shall feel at liberty to test his positions by argu- ments and mundane facts. The length to which our observations have extended necessarily imposes upon us brevity, but our task is not a difficult one, and- we shall endeavour to execute it in a few words. We shall begin, like an Englishman, by asking what is the use of this new theory ? What practical object would it accomplish ? Dr. Woolley's answer is, the social and moral regeneration of th« people. Our rejoinder is, that the means are utterly inadequate to the end proposed, and, not only so, but they are indirectly subversive of that end. With regard to our first position, that the means are utterly inadequate to the accomplishment of the end, it will be sufficient to say that our social and moral evils havo- a spiritual origin, which no merely . human appliances can touch. They spring from a well in the inner man which no merely human power can exhaust. The most enlightened Pagans sighed for divine illumination and assistance, and the Holy Scriptures teach us the total de- pravity of human nature, and the necessity of the washing of regeneration and the renewing of the Holy Ghost through faith ia a divine atone- ment made for haman sin ; and yet Dr. Woolley tells us that the "great means"of social and moral improvement are social reunions at the School of Arts. We can only say that the maintenance of such a position as this is utterly incom- patible with a knowledge and belief of the teach- ings of divine revelation, and betrays an- ignor- ance of human nature for which the most en- lightened pagan philosophers' would have blushed. But we are prepared to maintain, further, that Dr. Woolley's theory of public social reunions would be practically subversive of tho social and moral regeneration of the people. The sacredness and comparative privacy and seclusion of the family relation is one of the great bulwarks of British virtue, and one of the most fruitful sources of our social bliss. And we do not hesitate to denounce any man, who- ever he may be, as an enemy to the moral virtue and social happiness of the British people, who would tempt them from the family circle and tho soothing influences of home, to spend their evenings with tho multitude in public places, amid all the feverish excitements of such promiscuous assemblages. What virtuous and discreet parents would wish their sons and daughters to spend their evenings in such medley reunions as those proposed by Dr. Woolloy ? Would they have a right to complain if their children made wreck of modesty and virtue? We think not. The proper feelingand reword would be self-reproach. The natural result of Dr. Woolley's" plan would be to make our young people fops and flirts, unfaithful husbands and loose women ; and, therefore, we raise our voice against it, and wara the people of its utterly pernicious cha- racter. It is nothing less than a sublime impertin- ence to plead the practice and condition of con- tinental nations as an example for our imita- tion. Wc have been an eye witness and careful observer of the social habits and conditions of several of the nations of the continent, and therefore we can speak with confidence on this suhject. . Adopt the social habits of con- tinental nations for the purpose of im- proving our social and moral condition indeed ! They spend their evenings in public gardens and saloons with tho multitude, and I one-third of them are bastards, and conjugal infidelity is said to be the rule rather than the exception. This is the social bliss and morai purity which result from the miscellaneous re- unions of our continental neighbours that we are exhorted to emulate, os the " great means" of our social and moral improvement. The well informed and 'virtuous women of this colony must grow crimson with indignation ot such monstrous. propositions.' . They are nothing less than a prodigious insult to Bri- tish virtue, and richly merit .the most severe denunciation. Some of the speakers at the Glebe meeting wero nit satisfied with Dr. Woolley's specifics for social and moral regeneration, and ventured to say a word for the Bible as an effectual means. This appeared to make Dr. Woolley uneasy, for he rose to explain, and it has occasioned a correspondence in the Herald. A correspondent under the name of " Ooid," most probably Dr. Woolley, for the style is exactly his, prudently "restrained, writes a letter on '-Religious Watchwords,* the object of which is to decry, as cant, the public mention of the Bible aa a means of social and moral improvement to men. The letter is directly subversive of the authority and teachings of the Bible, and yet it professes a reverence {or the " book of books." The writer says " God gives us the Bible and the Sabbath as he gives ns the corn of the field; not to be swallowed whole as a pill, and thus prove very indigesti- ble ; but to be adapted to our wants and necessities, and varied according to eur age and disposition." This means that the Bible is simply food for the mind as corn is food for the body, and men have a right to take the whole, or a part, or none at all as it snits their disposition. Is not this denying the authority of the Bible, as a divine revela- tion of truth and law ? How absurd to main- tain that'subjects have a right to treat the man- date of their sovereign Ruler as they do his temporal giff, according to their own inclina- tion! The letter maintains " that there isa yearning in all hearts to be good,'* and that it is wrong and injurions to perform religious duties unless we are inclined. These are parts of the " modern Christianity" hold by the head of our University. They certainly belong to another Gospel" than that of the New Testa- ment Why do not Dr. Woolley and his friends fully, propound this new Gospel as a whole, and defend and propagate it openly, like men? Why do they hawk about deceitful fragments of this new Gospel, assuring us at the same time that they nre orthodox believers in the old ? We could respect and admire an honest proposition, and a brave defence of even erroneous principles or theories, but we cannot help feeling an inex- pressible detestation of sneaking, tortuous wheedling.' 