'HE SALE 01* OFFICES CONSIDERED Willi RESPECT TO PARTICULAR DEPARTMENTS. Public opinion Li at present'adverse to the sale of public cilices. It more particularly con domns their sale in the three great departments of war, law, and religion-. This prejudice .has probable arisen from the improper use to which' it has sometimes been applied; but whether this tie the ease or not, the use of the word renal seldom, if ever, but in an odious and dysolgystic sense, has tended to preserve it. " He who has bought tlic right of judging will sell judgments/' is "the sort of reasoning in use upon this subject. Instead of an argument, it is only an epigram. The members of the French parliaments were judges, and they purchased their places; it did not by any means follow that they were disposed, to sell their judgments, or that they could have done so with impunity. The greater number of these parliaments were never even suspected- of- having sold Iheui, Countries may however he cited in which the judges sell both'justice and injustice, though they have not bought their places. The uprightness of a judge docs not depend upon these but upon other circumstance;:, ifthe laws be intelligible and known; if the proceedings of the judges are public; if the punishment for injustice surpass the profit to be reaped Irom it, judges will be upright, even though they purchase their oifices. glu England, there are certain judicial offices which the judges sell, sometimes openly, some times clandestinely; the purchasers of the?e uflicos extract from the suitors as much as they can: it they had not purchased their places, they would not* have endeavoured to extract less. The mischief is, not that this right of plundering js sold, but that the right exists. lu the English army, the system of venality has been adopted. Military commissions, from the rank of ensign to that, of ^lieutenant-colonel, are sold, with permission to the purchasers to le-sell thein. The epigram upon thejudgecis not applied here.,. The complaint is, that the patri mony of merit;is invaded by wealth. ' Hut it ought to bB recollected, that in this career, the opportunities for the display ot merit do not occur every dajv It is only upon extraordinary occasions that extraordinary talents can be dis played ; and when these occur, there can be no difficulty, cvfiu uuder this system, of bestowing proportionate arid appropriate rewards. Jlesides, though the patrimony of merit should by this means be invaded by wealth', it would at the same time be defended front fivouritisip, a divi nity ili'less esteem eveu than wealth. 'Tlje .cir cumstance which ought to recommend the system of venalty to suspicious politicians is, that it diminishes the influence of the cro wn./- - The whole circle over which- it extends is so- much, reclaimed from* the influence of the crown. It uiuv be called a corruption, but it serves as. an antidote to a corruption more to be dreaded. It is the sale of. ecclesiastical-offices which lias occasioned tlie greatest outcry. It lias been made a particular sin, to ivliich lies been given the name of Simony.' In the Acts of tlie', Ap'os tjes ye are informed that at Samaria, there was a magician named Simon, to whose 'gainful prae •' tices an immediate stiff Was ppt by the preach ing and miracles of Philip, one of iliei" tie ucupous of the church of Jerusalem, who had been driven to ■ Samaria by persecution., Sinion therefore, regarding I'hilip as a more fortunate rival, en rolled bfnisalr'among the number of bis prose lytes,'and'when" tlie apostles Peter and John camedown'fromJerusalem, and by tlielay'uipau of their hands communicated to the disciples the gift of the Holy Ghost, Simon desirous of possessing something more than the rest, .offered, to them-money, -'saying,"give me "also this pufyor, that on whomsoever 1 lay hands, he may recii;.'Q,the Holy. Clliort." Upon which-Peter eeyffely reprimanded fiini,'. aijd the magician, supple "as lis was intrigtfing, askoip forgiveness, au'i thus his history closes,' -It is gotTheja said be was pu.nisliedi - . upon tue strength of'this 'story, the llaiBAftl .Catholic aliurch'dilt cPiWerted the 'act of baying I or selling ecclesiastical bmeficei'irittfVsln j anil the English law, copying from'the'Catholic Church,' has constituted such an act a crime. ; As the lib tgan Catholic church, among qlholja, U}i\fyuhlp, if tp them it iruisfc Ijave decided riglttly-vThen ii •'dinjTavcd §uch ac£$'to lie sinful,thrriubject, hoar* ever, leads ns on)y,to/the consideration of. the legal crime j and between this cnuie and iliu of leuce of Snnun jlfagus, thero is nothing m coin mom Presentation-to a living ami the reception of the Holy;Ghost are not the same things. 'If it be the ohjectj of tins law to exclude improper nereoua, more direct; simple and ttfllcwis means might be employed) their puahficatums might ha ascerbiu'jd'liy-pnWic examinations, their, good Conduct llylhe-previoua publication of their names, with lihwt'f lo'alh'the world to object against fiieuu b'Fheir, moral and intellectual capacity being thus- proved,'fwhy/JshiMild they not bo alluwed In pureiiiselhe ernploymeiit, or to discharge it-glow tuitaiisly ? All idiot, price admitted to priests' prders, may hoid jaii ecclcriar.fical beiieuee, but wcvP' a inaxp. gifted Trite nn apostle, to give five I minii3 .to.li^pe&|tiid to discharge the duties of that beheftceflie)iv}iild be borne down by the out cry apdutt &Visinioriyheliad; committed. ' AVbat tlicu is the effect Of these anti-simonaical law-1 A priest'liriy lint purchase a benefice for biuieclfj bgt hjs friuud, whether priest or layman, may Ipprcbhsc it jor blip. lie if,ay poL purchase the (ii'u'ientatkm to a vacant, benulise, bat lie may purchase tlje right of [wsvnlaliuu to a Ivikfw; filled by a dying man, or by a per?.au in health who will have the c.v.nphv- Mcv. to r end receive it ivjaiu with an "biiyaticni, again to resign win-never lis patron ivipuren n. In iv these si-lf-s!yh"i inti -iiirciijcal law-, it i- diiliciih to discover win- tier tiiey are intended to pu.hi eruiaieev ihe prac-.iee of shiver,-. Their only real el'.Vvl.-. are rtieonrai?' <Wptt«n nut) fetid, li! ii-j;sloiie •aoijitiaiii.i nt their iticxmailiun. lie did not pi-icciu that a law which is not executed is ridiculous. 