PRESENTED AT COTJltT. (From the Liverpool Albion, 12th of March ) With some difficulty, we have ntr suaded an eyewitness the difficult task of giving us an original account of what he underwent at the Volunteer Levee on Wednenrlnv ln»* ' Ho says :— We arrived in a hacknev cab, about half-past eleven o'clock, beine inspected as wo enter the gates bv 1 dense but very orderly mob, who, it u evident despite the snow, have suffi. cient taste to appreciate and admire us. Under the portico, where a Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we shivonngly stand criticizing tho numer ous arrivals. The nioBt conspicuous are uiree portly individuals in scarlet coals caps, brown belts, &c.;, the uniform being somewhat of a cross between that of a huntsman and a postboy. Here too, are fine stalwart fellows in artillerv uniform-riflemen of all shades, iuclu ding somo who, ignoring appearances, have added to their natural deformities by ndopting knickerbockers and gaiters and mostly wearing on (heir belts what the 'Examiner' describes as 'hupo (?ilt silver plates, shining like stars, nnd resembling coffin embellishments ' Con stantly passing, nnd looking on «-ith interest, are young officers of the Guards, going to or returning from duty, and nearly altogether lost to eight m knee boots, gray coats, and huge fur hats. Presently, we are uisuereu into a monster tent, embracing the palace doors, strewed with sawdust and large enough for an equestrian performance. Here we parade for Bomo minutes, endeavouring to keep ourselves warm. Presently, the nrtil. lery arc directed to enter the palace But such an entrance ! How crinolined dowagers accomplish the feat of getting in is a mystery ! After inspection by the female domestics of the palace, we gain the Lord Chamberlain's table and upstairs we go, passing a number of ladies, who occupy an overlooking recess, and also another recess, from ? J--J a?voral georgeouely dressed, individuals are surveying the scone. We arrive nt a landing, where the title pi the county represented bv thn Vn. lunteers is most politely taken ? and after gazing with admiration on the gigantic ' beefeaters,' enter a pretty largo room, through which we pass into another partioned off by a barrier the windows of which look upon the gardens. At the request to 'uncover' we immediately doff our beavers. Hero we are marBhalled according fo the rank in the Army List, the Hon. Mr. fonsonby courteously doing all in his power to adjust the right man in the right place. But how close is the at ?,n8P™e,! longingly do we think of Mr Mackenzie and St. George's, hall where the air is always fresh and balmy. Timidly do we venluro qu-'etly -o open a window, little bT 'utlje fearing the reproof of a gentleman-atl arms or a beefeater. How well are we rewarded by the chilly breeze which penetrates tlm nnnrrmont i o:^_ „_ the pure air of the Polar regions rather nan tho miasma of tho crowded pa lace ! Invigorated, we patiently stand, whilst others are forming in our rear, uut, alas, ' forward '. ' is the command, and we lose our open window, and symptoms known only to sufferers by sea sickness ensue. Vainly strive we against painful internal emotions A retreat is inevitable. Desperate is lho Prospect but we venture it. Through MW riflemen, fnrmimr n,n ,„ ? _j of patriotic devotees, wo urge our way, admiring maiy, amused at others, and ridiculing few. Familiar faces at ound. How dehcioua the air outside! delight ful tho odour of sawdust! Revivified we re-enter the palace ; again we strug gle through yielding riflemen (always courteously treated) until wa reach our previous post in time to obey the order to advance into the drawing-room, tho next apartment to the Throne Ktoom. Hero wo form four deep in throe lines. Her Maiesty is expected at 2.15-tvro hours to wait! The delay is nSt ren dered more agreeable even by the mu sical quarters of a gilded clock. Tho gentlemen- at-arms with their halberds, gilthelmets, nodding plume8, and top OOO18. 8O0U null Ilnnn f U „:„!,-. Mn»..M» already exhausted by tho want of pure an-, gives way. Best must be had. But how? Brilliant idea I What is a busby' good for but to sit down upon ? An exhausted artillerymen Bets the ex ample, and 'busbies' become for the first time as useful as they are orna mental ; flattering were the onconiumu on Manderund Allender, when the ar HJMitoodtbeitmi'. Here placidly j « wit, liBteni°e t0 Lanark ex' d\?L £ broad Scotch, great com SSm draught of fresh air ! Every J 1 n-mi-.i. Some adveniu b°dy3ry^ ^ opened the «U8 8'Wn «indow. The sen S ht fr-h air is nectary In to voluniccra begins to prc In and eager Utbe struggle to obtain rSSSca-fBi parlto, not content Sfli. limited supply, .open the lower S, and thr^ting their neck out, they ? Who life giving draughts. Vainly do iin the tamfdiate vicinity complain 5 he bitter and BBow-mingled blasts ; lv are overpowered by the wunnurs rf ijurf from the mass. The most !Lte uuflbrere remain, Bquatted a la Zrk under the window, inhaling with iueto' the frosty blft* from the garden S3 warmed in the rear by the out mina heat. Presently carnages Se seen over the hedges in front, Jhen the Life Guards, and, preceded and followed by several others, comes the Royal carriage, drawn by two cream ooloured horses, which evidently are ? ..™.j »n anppA. Thev draw ud »t the portico, and how we do pity the mifprtunate coachman »nd groomp, who notwithstanding their beautiful pink stockings, gold laced coate, and swords, appear in a frozen condition. Dismal do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for her Majesty's M»urn But hark!— the throne-room doors open. Her Majesty is prepared to greet her loy&l; volunteers. The stream pours in, and, as we advance to th» Presence-chamber, those who had already been presented file out, look ing like 'Banquo's ghosts' With solemn step and downoast eye, their appearance is rather that of men who have been stunned by a sudden sen tence than of loyal subjects who have cttniniui an enrnestlv soueht for honor. But our turncomee, and we advance in single file, obeying the orders of the officials, ' Slowly, gentlemen, slowly, — no hurry— no crowding,' until, passing {he file of Lord Lieutenants, we cast oir eyes upon the unmistakeahle figure of the Queen, standing in the midst of the line of figures, with a ciowded semi circular in front of her, through which we have to file. Nervousness does not overcome us, but, though we deliber ately make a ' left face' and bow to the Queen, we overlook owing, we presume, to the dimness of the light, to our regret, the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, a Boyal PrincesB, and the Duke of Cambridge. But we fortu nately escape the contretemps which happens to another officer, who, in his determination to do the thine, steps so far back as to damage a dowager's corns, aud start an excruciating titter. We plead guilty to not having over looked the charming blue eyes of a noble lady of honour who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass out we look upon a large pen full oi riflemen, dressed in all colours of the rainbow, conspic uous among them being some Cornish mep, dressed like Mr W. Laird's coal carters, in lively mauve coatp, with high turned down collars, slashed with scarlet. Much were they being ' chaffed' and many were the interrogatories, whether they had taken off their coats for coolness. In the court yard, we find the Guards' band playing. Passing the gateway, where the Guards present arms to the volunteer field officers, we find the street densely crowded, not withstanding the suow, with spectators, and carriages filled with ladies. Every soldier we pass salutes us, at which we are excessively pleased, flattering our selves that our appearance is decidedly martial, if not to the manner born. Naxt morning we look anxiously for papers, ambitious of Beeing our names in print, but disgusted whea we see it cut in two, and a letter dropped out, so as to reader it not only very unrecog nisable, but ridiculous in sound 