? HUNTING. 1 ? ? ' ? - - -M4 itiEiiiiDi'niii! HViii ox.i;jr noiircs. 'From morning till evening we rattle away, J. Nor tire till Old Sol has retired for tho duy 1' Dr.AR Bkll, — ©n Saturday, morning last, at the usual early hour, wo mustered in strong force at the favourite meet, Overman's Hunters' Rest- All through, (he week It had been whispered that certain old ' regu lars,' who had not hitherto turned out, would put in an appearance for tbe first time, and some will known cross-country nags, of western fame, would alsu lake' a breather witu me Melbourne Hounds. TheM on diti, added to tho attraction of an agreeable daybreak, caused a particularly numorom cavalcade ofhor/cmen to wend, their way along ihcCholtchham rot d and the besprinkling of orthodox ** pinks JLwas moro numerous than ever yet. In fact, fo much has the club increased this season, nud ao properly determined' do many'- of the old and new hands seem inclined to Bhow themselves hunters ' in look as well as -deed; that ere. long (ho Ghost hopes 'to see '' mufti ' tho exception ;in tho field, instead of being the preponderating rig. There is a wise old saw which says, that ' whatever ls worth doing at all, is worth doing well/' and it ia there- . fore as right and, becoming for Iho trno lover of tho chase to dres9 his character and bo perfect in hisi ap pointments, as for a parsons appear In full canonicals, in preference to silch a soedy suit as that worn by old Mr. Wellcr'a antipathy,- ' thnt Stiggins.' Not that scarlet should be compulsorily worn by all, for thero may bo private reasons ngainst some men allowing Iho external assumption that they aro too much devoted to sport, and many a green* or black coat may bo seen amongst die ' nrst mgnt }n ^eiccsieraoiro us vreni an Victoria; but breccbes'and bbots I would- pray all to don,, 'if you love me, Hal.!' ? ? :.-i'i , However, Invirig now spoken, my mirid, and -put in a good word for thetailors- and bootmakers as wed, 1 wo. must hark back to honest John's, where tho customary breakfast was devoured, in eager haste by those who had largo appetites and littlo time to gorgo them. Just a ' nip,' to preverit'indigostlon, and a second as 'jump-' ing powddr' having been disposed of by a tolerable per cciitngc,punctuallynt eight o'clock themnster sprang into the saddle, and no less than 57 horsemen followed In' his wako to th-) end of the lane, where tho hounds wcro 'drown up. ? The ctacknags that figured in tho .?woll---.t|jSff, l; mpuritcd field were Blackboy; Day Spring, Mocking /X?' Bird, Bobby,, Qomus, Birthday, Seventy-four, Stranger, - Wandering ' Jew/ Long ; Dog, Rambler, Tallylio, Scissors, .Red Deer, Cbarlton, Isaac, and Tho Don,, 'hue several. other animals performed to good advantage during tho day. Tho first draw was mude in the cover about three miles behind Overman's, and . in about half, an hour an ''old riian'and asmalldoo wcro viewed away by a straggler;1 Tho hounds wero quickly laid on.'.'nud ' they opined ' immediately in heart-cheering tbdrus. , For a1, few ''hundred '? yards, ? ? howovor.-f;.-: tha long-tailed ,'uns separated,- and tho pack divided, but in a brace bf ? shakes tho . right hand division were whipped off, and tho lino taken aftertlio big fellow, .who led us a pleasant gallon. OYjr 39thj;g uinicnH/ tot. four miJcs'Qr ?9, when {ho hounds threw up.- Aftcna feelf mauo cast they picked up the scent again, and bid fair to ,'cet on good tenris'with their quarry, who was viewed not' far ahead, running parallel with a roiind- iailfence.iThia „ ho must biivo attempted several times (o crawl through. . *?,, or jump, 'as the leading dogs zig-isagsjed several times to '?? and from it, arid we made snro of immediately getting a brush ; but the boomer suddenly disappeared, and! left no traco behind him. Thinking he had risen the-hili, Mr. Watson throw the hounds forward on the right, though without Buccoss,'ond in all probability tbe^kon garoo was left planted closo to, tbe fenco.-' A very short timo elapsed before anothtr flyer was roused, and a'littlo fun was got of him for a few minutes, when be also saved his bacon through tho poorness of tho scent. Up t'olhis time, tho Rolnc had been very easy, and tome of those who wanted to try the quality of their quadrupeds, or-isbcd to makebelievo tlioy did, began grumbling nt the absence offences.' However, they hnd not long to wait, for tho master trotted on to some laruo paddocks full of feed, whicli he knew were likely to ' have game ., in. them, arid their desire wob gratified sooner than 'every 'ono: cared about. Aftergoing through, two. enclosures withont Miccess, ho; made back for the' open', over a threo-roiler; and a good deal of fun, was caused in crossing it, owing to several fellows having been too eager in taking advantage of a broken rail, and trusting to/a second edition of 'jumping mado easy .''..When theso unfortunates saw horso alter horse clear the timber without a mistake, thov IJoklu Blighty disconsolate, yet ftr shamo's jaijB couia not return to nagedtp .''«wy -'.Ue0U»B«» WM hlt s^ Hb!lrd tliab got safely over, thougu . -nduced to tbo slant of an two panels of the fonce were i. -stance allnncd all uoicdes triangle This happy clrcm^ - - - '.'^i \a but one luckless individual to achieve tne ' leap, ;?..— assist him to overcome his chestnut's obstinacy, a lad on a cob popped back to. lead over, but hit tho post so hard .that It was re-raised to the perpendicular, aud both were ? pounded. In this difficulty, Sam Waldock, on Red Deer, came to the rescue, and flew neatly into the paddock, in which - kindly - action :ho would bavo hnd his, brains knocked out but for his clever- horsemanship. . -A few lengths from where he landed, a heavy, limb of a gum treo was. projecting at right angles about six feet from tbe ground, and Red Deer, who pulls very hard,; carried him right under it, Sam only saving himself by'laying ? ' backwards perfectly flat. The result of the affair was, : that Sam and the lad crossed safely a third time, but it required tho dislodgement of two rails to let Ihe cbestnnt out of his difficulty. ? About this period of tho day anothor incident occurred, which like the story of tho, boys and tho frogs, was fun for one party but dangerous for. the other. ' In charging a fence, two younir members, wero just ahead iof a re spected ' regular,' who owns old Comus, and both their animals baulked just as our Mend was in tho act. of lift- ' ng his horse; Tbo consequence was, ho was cannoned. . first on tbe ono sido and then on the other, in spite o£ which Coraus gallantly rose at tho leap ; but his impetus being checked, ho jumped short, and left his hind legs on, .ho take off side, his rider being for somo seconds abso lutely 'sitting on a rail.' Luckily, it'was a round one, and. soon gavo way , or tho consequences, inlghtliuvc been serious to a valuablo hunter and light good, follow. For a considerable while we now, knocked about. without finding, and a few of thoso not' used to so many hours Id tho saddle began to express a wish that Mr. Watson would give up, for they were evidently losing not only patience but ' leather. Na'theless, trumps turned up at last, when least expected, and a splendid fellow' lobbed away in sight of tho pack. So merrily did they dash, after him, and so musically did they, discourse, that discontent aod fatigue vanished as by magic, and all binds brpke into that fresh sort of gallop which proves a Bpur In the heart worth two in the heel. For about . two miles tho going was all in tho open, but a sudden wheel - to the loft brought us to a post-and-roil fenca that, would have made many an old-country 'steeple chase rider quake-in his stirrups, and but few ventured to follow Mr. Watson over it. Amongst theso plucky few, the riders of Bobby, Stranger, Rambler; Birthday, and two or threo strangers, may bo mentioned, but the, rest of tbe field took a circuit to the rl|;lit, and camo nto the paddock by a gate. , On reaching the leaders, iy dint of a littlo cramming, it was found that tho ' hounds were at check ; but they soon got to work again . and then the quandary was greater than ever, for a woreo* leap than any, and one really a ' snorter,' stared them ia the face.: If) any. doubt it, lot them imaginoia flight ?f timber that could almost resist a cannon-ball, on an elovated bank, with a grip on each side of. it, and then let them laugh at those who thought ['discretion the ' better part ol valour ' in the look they took at it. Tbe master, on tho.clevcr old Blackboy, was the first to clear it, and Sovonty-four, ridden for tlio first tiiuu by an old member who ought to be a Eood judge of ' cattlc,'^fter making a baulk, took tho' Kow Major 'over the biggest : leap -he has ever yet crossed. Inspired by this success ful deod of daring, tho Major ' throw danger to tho dogs,' and topped all that came in his way for the rest of the nftornoon. Bobby and Birthday cot over near the same spot, and Stranger, ptc-, a littlo lower' down, a few of tbe knowing dodgers getting tut of 'pound ' at a slip- panel few wero acquainted with, and a larger portion oftho field, being stuck in tho corner of tho pauuQCK. ucrc a most riuicuious scone tooK place, for t. it being impossible to jump, somo of tho most nctivo '*'-' young^uns dismounted and uommoriced dislodging a. ~ ' top-rail, a by no means easy task, and that required a , fortunately found baltoririg ram lo effect. When, after a quarter of an hour's hard labour, this job was done, only two of tho horses could bo riildea over It. nnd it was a laughable sight, worthy of the crayon of a Leech, to witness the struggles and dodges employed lo force or coax the unwilling steeds over tbo still rather difficult leap. Animal after animal was strenuously pulled at by somo two or three dismounted cavaliers, on ono Bldo of the ditch and as vigorously flogged' on tho othor, tho continued trampling and tumbling causing the bank of tho grip) to givo way, nnd to niako each . successive attempt more difllcult. However, by dint o[ comminuled persuasion and whip-cord, ilia lot escaped from durance vile, and re-mounted in Joy nt their deli verance. On cantering to tho top of an adjacent hill, the hounds were distinctly heard in' full cry,-a'nd certain sensible fellows listened to the a'dvico. of n veteran who '.'.'. told them to wait whero they were, 'and tho' kangaroo . ' jvould assuredly pass closo in «i few minutes ; the rasher norlion, though, gallopod on in the direction of tho dis- *: tant chaso, aud had thereby their pains for nothing;. Sure enough, presently a fine 'old mm.' came lolloping . along, evidently dead boat, and not long after him tha pack and field appeared ; but, strange to ray, though ho , must havo ' planted'1 almost iinniudiutclyi Vp .dead was'' the scent, that he was lost in the llrst ccriih nfter ho was vlowcil. Thhirun proved a very long one, havlii' luated from near Little Brighton, on to I)amliMiuni-, buck past Mufgravo, and then closo to Kcys'« paddocii-. y Anxiousto got 'blood' if possible, Mr. Watson bent about Iho bush in.oirclo aftor circle, hn;i:n,r tbJflml tlio loujj-tailei! 'iu'i t.tb.'KHti .i, b.ii :-,?? li' :'?.'.??? ;.. Ii.i.J. i-rr. i-. ... .' ??pe.tmilly goi'rig, liteu ;!ui i.,-v-h -..,...-; i.. :t,.-!.,:,i ,!?;?,! ' thsstenm hit, iur.-.|'i l.Rr^ .„-,.,.. -., .-..i-.,- ,,|-. :^.\t .- the \ trv ' . tlfcWS.Of'tll.' hoiliu',',, »:.--! I.!; ?-.' ;..',' ?. ,-.!-tm i.|-,i .... f..;-,'i.l- ? ' ?Siever.'-i in-c-iou-.' :'--'.I.n n- ? -. : :!?,;? «!.,,,»,, ' .'„.,? . ? iiD-.ln'CBhravy I'm-'c, r.cl-lio.-:.-ii..:- V, , n:,,i ^Mtnw. '. ' '?' llor'iiic n-ii.-ii-nt-.-.i.' !,- -A slrorittl. 1 1 .. -ni-, ..- :(],- bi-ici-j '': ?'?' ' i-i)ui-;iK'., to ?.rj-tt,-is, ?.w..i!il «-liw-;',:-;»,.u:ft!n,!ioniil ?..''.' p:«iureiTfw«.l-.,!!,iti- yin';ii.AD'l-,v:;. i 'v il;;.'u..l- ?, ,1 v.-orh. - - ' ' rtijjht umiyK.sf. M''ra:atU,i i'.ij :n l' iili-j.mitil aisv' '. ?' nnd rattliuit yvi:.,- it y.-nj, V.'.'. ,',;? ? rtsuit v,:,.; /|-, fIl.-,l4 ; «»i'&— ?aot KKBi. es«cga to fcOJ. Scrxare fc» s*y, Mr. Heatervm's b»s-« were tsrtt-.j; fa tfr« ririaity. art* Ibe iungirto »ad th* van of if* foBo-wtri were «en by Mr '?' niitj little leva/.')' jattr. \l\\*iaz z.kv 1*1*, aad Mtih- wrM kc- t»eoty-Kx toBm liitvaz, it wm bi?3 trnvt to 6»it * rrtreif, as4 a kog riie i: 'M b-;Ta*-»ir4i iaieed. Oa ruehir? the ttc/u o-M ijo'ttn? -5u».-t*ri as C'-cSxchaa, it -u Cran4 tfittx tboagbslai fnea-l bt4 vr'A'j** U/mtxi v- »rder r«Vs»i=i«=.% a=d ti* ruber ef bse/ia arrf Mis-i ?H ai« wer». not smts esjiyed thaa zvtf.iA by tie ianzry «t of fetlvwt who hid b**a n'oriy cf-t tea oa Vxvstock, aid travelled ever at-Ua.-: -«ven:y mil**. y/HEOtrS GHOST. 