THE PAST, THE PRESENT, AND TfiE FUTURE OF DENILIQUIN. FIVE years ago Deniliquin, North and South, was composed of three huts, two on the south side and one L on thp. north. Two of these were • inns or public- houses, -the third was that part of the : jKoyal Hotel now occupied as the bar and ; tap-room, in which the present 1 landlord kept a store." The magistrates held their meetings in the small rooms in either ,^ubiic-house as "it - Suited their convenience ;' their meetings 'being Like angel's visite— few and far between." The police fcirce was represented by a chie'f. constable and another person whom - a wag of the then day denominated the-fraction of a man. No- land- had been sold for four years, and w^ are credibly informed .that only one land sale; had been held anterior to the' time referred; "to."'The proceeds at this sale did not encotirage the Governmehtto offerfor sale any more land. An impression seemed to have gone abroad that the land could grow nothing—these -extensive, flats being subject to periodical droughts—and that all labor on the jsoil would be lost. The punt which now plies continuously throughout the day, ".dragged its slow length along" two or three; times in the.four and twenty hours. Thej visit of even one stranger on horseback during the week was regarded as something extraordinary. ":The Royal Bank," the jproduct -of-the brain, of the clever but unfortunate "Beii Boydj was then an imperium in imperio here,- -in -partsso distant "from the seat of Government., We were content to heartfroiji Sydney once a fortnight or so. ' The visit of some itinerant clergyman once a year satisfied.the people." Laidies did not travel in those days, there 'being no accommodation for them in the j roadside inns. 'Captain Melville, the notorious Australian Turpin, and such like characters, occasionally 4 honored the district with a visit; " rowdyism " .-fof the worst chlaraeter prevailed, and there are persons now residing in Deniliquin who remember the time when a poor fellow was tied to a tre'e (near to Iron's hotel in this town), rubbeii over with turpentine, and set on fire. The grave on the island in the rear of the hotel j contains the remains of this unfortunate jvictim of -that brutal period. Justice was (then administered in a manner that savored of Judge Lynch ; men who transgressed; -the law by imbibing were chained to giim trees or to the famous calfpen (close lo Iron's and still standing). Such was Deniliquin in 1855"! Eventually the Government was called upon to sell the land, and the dawn of prosperity first broke on the place. 'The advent of the present Police Magistrate gave some promise of better -order. The punt was improved— the gangways cut down, &c.; our inns assumed the -character of hotels ; some welldisposed perjsons inaugurated an Hospital and Benevolent Asyliim, for two years past affording constant food for contention ; two churches were set on foot; a neglectful Government jbuilt Tfor us a court-house and a lock-up ; these were soon followed by a bank; and then a Company of gentlemen, the chief of whom were squatters (the radicals say squatters are enemies to advancement), made jus a telegraph line connecting the Murray with the Edward, and we now participate in the benefits which this wonder- •ful agent gives. to mankind. We are now reminded of jthe period when the district.- was "enfranchised ; formerly we were politi- : cally allied to Albury, Wagga Wagga, and the Tuuiut; jwe, however, snapped our lead- : ing-strings, ajnd Deniliquin for the first time returned its bwn member. The choice fell upon the Honorable John Hay, who has done no discredit to~~us,_ but has exhibited all the manly independence of a highminded andj consistent representative. If our Golonial Parliament had many, such men as Mr. Hay, jthe' question as to whether we have had representative institutions yielded to us too early would never have been raised. | Closely following the Electric Telegraph came another agent which has done so much to advance the interests of all civilized people, namely, the Press. This journal was ushered into existence on-the 26th of May, 1859, and it had barely run ten months, when, because it would npt be made the mouthpiece of faction, or that it would not coimive at oppression, or that it would not. sacrifice its independence, a fierce opposition journal; sprang up, avowedly to sweep us away ; but the Pastoral Times lives still, is stronger than ever, aiid we canl now afford to smile at the puny efforts of two or three intolerant men. About the same time, we had instituted here a Freemasons' Lodge, with the title " Star of the South"—like Molly Bawri s stars, it had nothing to do but shine brightly. From this body great things were expected—universal brotherhood was' to be the result. The inhabitants of the district up to this period had lived happily together, the utmost cordiality prevailed, the.hand of one neighbor was not raised against another, the backbiter was almost unknown, and as no one would listen to another's character being traduced, therfc were no traducers; but how changed are we— "Spargere voces ; . . . in vulgamambigiias"— which, for the benefit of the "Ghost of Horace," or any other spirit, is freely translated— " The whispered doubt,-the slyly biting jeer, The petty scandal, and the ready sneer." This is the mental food with which we are favored by certain gentleman. If civilization sows such seeds as these, let us hie to the Darling or to the Bogan, or, as Mr. Don would have us, to " the Gulf of Carpentaria." Any secluded spot is preferable to that whereon the rank vegetation of envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness crop out so plentifully. Such is Deniliquin in the present day. Will any of our readers reply to these questions. To what do we owe this change for the worse 1 Wherefore is it that the best men in the district get traduced and vilified through a section of the Press 1 Why do they leave us in disgust, first shaking the dust from under their feet 1 We commend the consi-[ deration of the svjbject to our readers, ere! we take a view of the future of Deniliquin.' 