THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. The quarterly soiree given by this Institute took place last evening (Wednesday), March 7, at White's Rooms. His Excellency the Governor presided. His Excellency, on taking the Chair read a statement of the position of the Institute, from which it appeared that from 1856 up to the present date there had been 225 annual subscribers and 1,013 quarterly, making a total of 1,238. The number for the half-year ending in May, 1859, 106, and quarterly sub- scribers 366. The number of annual subscribers ending December 31, 1859, 119 and quarterly subscribers 436\. The number of books circulated during tbe quarter ending December, 1859, 8,671 volumes. The total during the year 32,339, giving an average of 8,042 volumes a quarter for the year. The statement also announced that 286 volumes had been added to the library up to the 30th September, 1859, and also that a large shipment of books was shortly expected, and that arrangements had been made for the receipt of a small parcel of books monthly. His Excellency, after making the above statement, congratulated the meeting upon, the promising prospects of the Institute ; and with regard to the new building, stated that hopes were entertained that it would be ready in time to hold the next soiree in those buildings, but he could not positively promise that they would be ready by that time. His Excellency's address was received with universal signs of satisfaction. The entertainment, according to the programme, then commenced by an overture by the full band, which was loudly applauded. Mr. Nash followed, by singing "Goodbye sweetheart, goodbye," and elicited an encore, which was responded to by Mr. Nash singing " Rocked in the cradle of the deep." This was succeeded by a duet on the cornopean, by Messrs. McCullagh and Chap- man, executed in a style which we have no hesitation in saying has never been surpassed in this colony. The audience thoroughly appreciated the performance, and un- animously demanded an encore. Mrs. Wallace maintained her well-merited repute as a vocalist, in the following piece, the song of "Ever of thee," and was greeted with a loud encore, to which she responded with " Sweet Home," an air which elicited even louder plaudits than the one that called it forth. " Il Trovatore," by the full band, closed the first part of the programme. The Rev. C. G. Palmer then de livered a lecture upon " The latest Ghost Theory." The commencement of his lecture was devoted to a philosophical exposition of the human mind, its powers and infirmities, and with illustrations from the biographies of many great and learned men of antiquity and modern times, who had not been ashamed to acknowledge the existence of the "ghostly influence." Having given these examples, to shew the audience that they could not be considered foolish or silly in listening to his discourse, he entered into an elaborate and detailed account of the experience of the most noted individuals who had travelled through the re- gions of Ghostdom, amusing the audience with the many wonderful curiosities recorded by those renowned travellers in exploring that remarkable and fantastic land. The only defect in the reverend gentleman's lecture, according to our notion, and also in that of the audience, who exhibited their sentiments towards its close, was that it was too long for the occasion, having occupied an hour and a quarter "by Shrewsbury clock. " The second part of the en- tertainment opened with "Pot Pourri," by the full band, most admirably executed. Mr. Nash followed with "The good Rhine Wine," so capitally sung that it was encored. A duet by Chapman and Linger no doubt would have got an encore had there been a larger space of time between the hour it was sung and the approaching midnight. The same remark will apply to all that followed, except Mrs. Wallace's song, "Mary of Argyle," which the audience would insist upon encoring. Before the finale, the Rev. Dean pro- posed a vote of thanks to Mr. Palmer for his lecture, which was heartily responded to. Mr. Whitridge then proposed a vote of thanks to His Excellency, dwelling most warmly upon the great interest His Excellency had always manifested, and the trouble he had put himself to in further- ing the interests and encouraging the progress of the Insti- tute. His Excellency, in reply, in alluding to certain creeping feelings caused by ghosts, which Mr. Palmer had asserted even the stoutest men could not resist, said that as the "witching hour of night" was fast approaching, a time those formidable phantoms, ghosts, chose for indulging in their peculiar amusement, the best way in which he could acknowledge the compliment would be to advise them all (the audience) to make haste home and so get out of the reach of the ghosts. The Company took His Excellency's remark as he intended it with a hearty laugh. The finale "God save the Queen," followed, and brought the evening's entertainnent to an end. The room was crowded from the commencement to the close of the evening. With regard to the performance we think the instrumental performers never acquitted themselves in better style. PBIMITIVB METHODIST ISEW CHAPEL, UNLEY PARK.-On Tuesday, March 6, the foundation of the above Chapel was laid. At 4 o'clock the friends of the Society met on the ground ; Mr. J. G. Wright gave out a hymn, and then engaged in prayer. Mr. Jones was then called upon to perform the ceremony of laying tho foun- dation stone. The stone being laid, friends came for- ward and laid their contributions on the stone, which amounted to £6 16s. 6d. The congregation then re- moved to the farm premises of Mr. Badman, where tho ladies had provided a sumptuous tea. After tea Mr. Jones was called by the vote of the people to preside. Interesting speeches by the Chairman, the Revs. J. G. Wright and H. B. Thomas were delivered. Before the meeting closed a vote of thanks was awarded to the ladies and Chairman. Receipts, not including pro- mises, £51. Thanks to our friends !-[Communicated.} CBICKET MATCH.-We beg to call attention to an advertisement in our business columns relative to the grand match to be commenced this day on the Eastern Park Lands, opposite the Grand Stand, where lunch will be provided every day. We recommend those tired of politics to spend an hour with the *. British" and " Colonial" cricketers, and'i they will, as Sam Weller said to his son, " be glad on it afterwards." PEACHY BELT.-At a meetuig held at the Plough and Harrow Inn, on Tuesday, Mr. Rowland in the chair, Mr. McEUister addressed the electors in a very able manner. Several questions were put to him by gentlemen present, to all of which he answered in a fair and upright manner. A requisition, very hastily got up, but numerously signed, was presented to Mr. Wentworth Cavenagh, desiring him to stand, but he declined the honor at the present time. At the show of hands taken, Mr. McEUister was slightly in the minority. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. THE CIVIL SITTINGS AT THE SUPBEME COUBT. -These sittings will commence on Monday next, March 12\. Mr. Justice Gwynne will preside. The number of causes for trial is unusually large, amounting to 68. 