VOLUNTEERS AND BEGULABS. TO TBS BDITOB OB TUB BBQIflTKB oir—VJonaiaenng t«at tne puDlic ot AOelaidt appreciate the exertions and sacrifices of time, &c.;, made by the volunteers to perfoct them selves in their drill aud practice, I have no aouDt uey. win Know now » put a proper value on the conduct of any one resident among them, and holding an official position, who endeavours to thwart tbe movements of tbe volunteers. Would you have the goodness to inform your readers whether it is a fact that a certain gen tleman, who sometime since acted as Inspecting Field-Officer, endeavoured, as ia reported, ti lead the cortege last Saturday dp.^a Hindlev street, and thus qattfp tl?e Governor inad verta'iltly to slight the body of men who. had turned out to do honour to His E^oeUVacy and Lady MacDonnelL If it is true, ?Vjctt conduct appear*, to say the least of it, very surprising. 'Wnat, I should like to know, hive the volunteers done to deserve such treat* ment? They have at all times been moat anxious to learn, and willing to be taught by any one who is simply civil and ordinarily courteous ; but to be bullied is a different matter. It is what they don't like, and won't stand from anybody, aowever exalted his opi* nion may be of himself, Let us hope we shall see no more exhibition* of such a dog- in-the-manger spirit ; and that we may each go on our way wishing the other God speed. I am, Sir, -tc., A VOLUNTEER. A ViBiTABis Ghost.— A 'ghost' has been in the habit of haunting; the neighbourhood of Ptnmore, near Dundee, in varloat disunites. He carriet flrerrmt, and on being accotUd presents a piitol to the person addressing him. Oae morainfr, at dawn, he mi peranw bulatlng- about In white, and oa one oocatloo b» was punned bj two men, but vanished out of their tUrht. tneDifnirt Cqutier »»y« he walks an tprloet, which entble him to baond like ore of the fsllne species. Ha it b tall, strong man, able to staad all weathers, and to defend himself It is tsid that on one occatlon he was seized bj fire men, who mrrnunded him and succeeded in holding him fast. Under hit white overall they found a brc&itpl;&U;, pistol, and dagger. He proraliea. If let tro, not to annoy the neighbourhood again, and the? allowed him to escape. Man; are so much afraid of neeting him that thev will cat venture oat at dark *Dd the factory hands go to work In the morning trem. bliBg like timid hares panned br bounds. Tbe ghost ia consequence, bw become as intolerablt Dolta&ce; In ttWVUlafe, J? w 