PLATING AT GODVseRImWNT. A "Screaming Farce." By Baron von Blnndergudgeon. DRAMATIS PBERSOVN1L H-l-s--Chief Bottle-washer " V-rd-on-A sucking Purse- bearer S -n }Toadies to R-14-ag Co. I-el-nd Teelotal Advocate and eminent Legal Swell Br-ke-Land Steward t L-ad-r--A man of Letters Scasn: A room in Government House, Melbourne.' PaesssT: H-L-s, looking out of the window. Time: About ten days since. . '' -L-as:, So far,_.so good. I haven't spouted'teetotaliem and protection in vain. Sell for Br-ke, though, by-the-by, to have to play second fiddle after having won the day-when I come to divide my regiment into knaves and fools, shall have some difficulty in classing him -little of both perhaps. Now, lot me see; I've got 'old Nich's place,-but how' to keep it there's the rub. All the subs, who are capable of forming an opinion, have ex pressed views on every public question, diametrically opposed to each other--(mom. for fature guidance-publie men should never express an opinion, it's inconvenient) -and our attack on the late government, certainly, was about as barefaced a piece of faction as was ever heard of, so I an ticipate some difficulty in bumbuging the public,-but never say die, my right trusty friend I-el-nd has cheek enough for any thing, and he shall advise me.' By the ghost of the immortal Father Matthew, here comes the whole mob; I'm used to coach-building, but somehow I feel strange at Cabinet work, and a little groggy in my ideas; come, cheer up, Dickey, hold up your head man, draw back the left foot a little, so--and now put your right hand into your waistcoat front,-that's the ticket. By Jove, they'll think I've been used to this style of thing all my life. Enter the other Dramatis Personae, I-el-nd 1 at their head. t I-el-nd: Here's a lark, here's the Chief 1 looking like a pig in a fit, or a hog in armour, or an elephant in its dotage. Why most doughty chieften, you seeni struck comical. Il-1-s (with dignity): Sir, I think that when weighty matters of State call for our serious attention, it would be more I-el-nd: Hoighty toighty, weighty d-v-is. Oh, come, stow that. You green horns are all fresh to this kind of work, but I've been in harness before, you know. I say, ain't we jolly humbugs-(bursts into a roar of laughter, in which the others I gradually Join). But now, to business. H-l-s, order in some grog; the thought of I all the humbug we shall have to talk, makes my throat as dry as a limekiln. II-I-s (trying to come the dignified dodge): As President of the Total Absti nence Society, I decidedly object to the use of alcoholic liquors. I was about to propose as a preliminary to otlier business -that all the members of the Cabinet join the "Band of Hope." (Loud ex presslons of dissent and cries of "don't talk shop," "go in the hat," and "see you blowed first," &o.;, &c.;) I-el-ad: Share, and its members of a Band of Hope, we are at present, for we've very little more substantial to feed on. But "hope deterred maketh the heart sick," you know, and a drink deferred, maketh the throat uncommon dry, so send for the fluid and look pleasant. H-l-a: Well, gentlemen, it you insist, I must consent, but I solemnly protest against the immoral practice. (E?it H-.-s, presently returning with a pot of porter, which. is handed to I-el-nd, who drains it at a draught.) I-el-nd: I was going to leave you some, on. my honor, now you may laugh,--only second thoughts are best, it might have muddled your heads, you know, and you see that the best of you could't stand that. But to business. As I said before, you are allvery verdant, so listen to an old stager. Of course we have no Policy, indeed it would be a decided mistake to have one, it hampers one most-, abem I The great secret is first, to have a good. cry, for instance, ouar West Melbourne friend might go In fTo "Patriotism and dirty shirts." " Down with the South Yarra mob," would tickle the St. Kildaites; while our worthy Chief might proclaim total abstinence from beer and' h's. Thim's the sintlments for his district. Secondly-nover stick at trifles. "Lying through, a nine inch deal," is nothing to what a man must do, who wishes to be elected under universal suiffrage. Bless your souls they're going to bother me down my way, about a rail way,-of course they shall have a railway -to the moon if they like, in fact If they desire it, I'll swear I believe an line' in that direction to be the only correct method ot properly developing the resources of the district. Thirdly- always raise as many pertonal questions as possible, In order to take the public off the scent.' Blacken your opponent's private character, by every means in your power; produce an impression on the minds of your audience, that if your adversaries had their deserts, they would long ago have received the delicate attentions of the hangtman. Br-ke: What am I to say to my con stituents about Protection ? Ianmafrald I-el-d : Peace, thou timorous "son of a gun"-Say you are In favour of Pro tectloe in every shape and form,-asy with Micawber-" that it la has been the dream of your youth, the fallacious aspiratlon of your riper years"-and if any unpleasant I quesions are asked afterwards, tell them that the Protection you advocated, was Protection against the fallacious Idtoa of those who seek to fetter trade- surl a folio volume of Adam Smith at them, and ask them if it is possible, that they didn't see that you spoke Ironically. Think the worse of you? not a bit of it-just the contrary-they'd say, "devilish clever fel low, Br-ke-- devilish clever-I always knew what he meant"-which, being far more than you did yourself, will be compll mentary anodpleasant. V-rd-n:' Can't I put that story they have been circulating about me, to some 'use ? I-el-nd: Publish It, my dear Sir, pub lish It. V (H-1-s, some more "heavy wet;" there's a brick.), 'Ask, what can!bo the character of the men who would thus seek to blast an honest man's reputation ? V-rd-n: But then you know it isn't true. Il elnd: So much the better. We can make the amends honorable afterwards, and the public will say, "V-rd-n behaved deuced handsomely In that matter, straight forward young fellow, that." By the by, V-rd-n, I hope you are getting on with the first four rules of arithmetic, and a few hours dedicated daily to the multiplication table, wouldn't do any harm. Now run away, like good boys, while I settle a few matters wilh the chief. There will be no charge for my present hints, but if you are all returned, I shall expect a complimen tary- dinner, and if the Chief doesn't get screwed on the occasion, I shall feel bound to withdraw from the Government. A-d-rs-n: Might I be permitted to ob serve - I-e-nd : No, you mightn't, so hook it. H-mffr-y: The few observations I have to make I-el-nd: You had better bottle up for future use, so be off all of you-V-rd-n take your beak out of that quart pot, you luxurious young flahing-village dog, and hand the fluid to your seniors, who, from ago and infirmities, require support. (eceunt omnes, save H-I-a and I-el-nd -Curtain falls leaving these two discussing state matters over the "pewter." At a later period of the day, Mr. H-I-a (in rather a thirk tone of voice) intimated his intentio·t of introducing a Bill to Parliament, commencing thns "Whereas It is expedient that the berer age, commonly known as beer should be retailed at the price of one penny per potc and bread for nothing: Be It therefore enacted, &c.;, &e.;, &c.;,- -) M?lDnouanN Pu?nn To sIts VaNHaATsD PAesr.--My Dear Father,-You ask me for some information relative to the political progress of Victoria. I wish you had preferred any other request. That grossest of all delusions, and rankest of all impostures-Universal Suffrage, is producing its inevitable fruits, The popular branch of the Legislature is rushed by men who are too proud to beg and too Idle to work, and the Government of the country is usurped by its supremest snobs. The intellectual and moral worth,-the heart and brain of the colony, stand aloof from its Parliament; to which wretched quacks, broken-down schemers, and un certificated insolvents find ready admission, About once a year, an indecent scramble takes place for the sum of £14,000, which the Constitution Act appropriated for the payment of our responsible ministers, and this scramble will be constantly renewed till the Cabinet includes forty members, or, in other words, comprises a majority of the members of the Assembly. This would give each man £350 per annum; a magnificent income to many of the needy, seedy, greedy adventurers who embark in the trade of political mcndi cancy. Brazoen impudence and audacious ignorance, elbow their way to the highest oflices of State, and creatures who have not mastered the rudiments of the English grammar, or the four first rules of arith metic, set themselves up as professors of political science, and as adepts of the diffi cult art ofstatesmanship. Sordid vulgarity is the best title to a seat ie Parliament, and Responsible Government promises to be overwlielmond by the contumely heaped upon It by those who are selected to administer it, by the many headed multi tude. Take warning, venerated sire, by oaur shocking example. Beware how you "liberalise" the institutions of the mother country, lest you descend to the same depths of degradation to which we have fallen; and find the manhood and the intelligence of the land rising in revolt against the mendicants and charlatans, the profigates and the brainless boobies, whom Universal Suffrage delighteth to honor and reward.-Yonr affectionate Son, MAL nousva PoNcin, 